Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang immediately told Little White Fox about this.

"Senior brother, maybe the Purple icy ape has caught up." Little White Fox’s voice was solemn, she immediately came out from the Time array.

She closed her eyes. After sensing for a while, her expression became suspicious: "The Purple icy ape is not bad ... ... But other than the Purple icy ape, there are also the auras of other Paternoster beast, so it is very likely that the two Paternoster beast have started fighting. "

"That’s good. Should we go over and take a look?" Chen Xiang anxiously said: "If they were to fight to the point where both of them would be injured, then I would be rich."

Little White Fox thought for a while, then nodded: "Okay, Senior Brother, you must be careful.

Chen Xiang laughed embarrassedly: I am your senior brother, but if there is any danger, I have to get my junior sister to protect me, this senior brother of mine is truly useless.

"Senior Brother, don’t say that. You’re very powerful, I can feel it!" Little White Fox smiled daintily, then shook Chen Xiang’s hand. "Master told me the same thing before."

"Junior sister, learn the Legendary mantra well and learn one. There are two more waiting for you to learn." Chen Xiang said.

Little White Fox felt that being able to meet Xiao Xianglin and Chen Xiang was her greatest luck. Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin both came from the outside world, and they also possessed Legendary mantra s, furthermore, they treated her really well and loved her a lot. She had been so lonely for so many years, but now she could finally be happy with others. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Chen Xiang could also feel the happiness in Little White Fox’s heart, so he had to help this Junior Sister leave this damned place.

In order to not be discovered, Chen Xiang withdrew his Six Realms mirrors, came to the ground, and using Counter Power concealment, carefully headed in the direction of the cold Qi.

Purple icy ape s were powerful Paternoster beast s, and Paternoster beast s who had great power in this place could control many Supreme Mantra s. If they could pick up Purple icy ape s at a cheap price, then they would earn a lot.

Even though Chen Xiang was running on the ground, his speed wasn’t slow at all. He quickly approached the area with the strongest cold Qi.

"This is definitely not the power of a Purple icy ape, why is it so scary? What exactly is it? " Chen Xiang felt that it was two Paternoster beast s fighting.

However, when he entered the area, he heard a few people shouting and immediately knew that he had guessed wrongly.

There were still people here!

"Could he be from a sect in the Tao-creation?" Chen Xiang thought in his heart, and then, he carefully approached them. Waves of cold air as well as noisy shouts continuously emitted from in front of him.

What Chen Xiang found strange was that if someone was fighting randomly in front of him, that person would definitely erupt with all sorts of different kinds of energy auras, but he did not sense them; he only sensed a unique and powerful cold energy.

As he got closer and closer, Chen Xiang saw a dark light in front of him. The cold air was becoming more and more terrifying, and it was fortunate that he could withstand it.

Entering into that area of dim light, Chen Xiang saw more than ten people in front of him, their bodies covered in white frost. They were constantly shouting and trying to move their bodies, but their bodies seemed to be stiff, causing them to be unable to move.

Chen Xiang did not immediately enter. Instead, he carefully observed outside and discovered that there was a very tall figure even further inside.

He looked carefully, it was a small giant, its thick arms were filled with purple hair, and there was a purple ice crystal scale armor on its chest. He was sure, this was the Purple icy ape.

The Purple icy ape had the same face as a human, only a portion of its body still maintained the characteristics of a beast. Just like Little White Fox, she still kept her nine beautiful fox tails.

"This guy is the Purple icy ape, he’s frozen, who was it?" Chen Xiang was shocked. He could only see the Purple icy ape from afar, and could feel its terrifying aura.

Furthermore, the dozens of people that were frozen were all from World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. They did not have any resistance against this kind of power and could only struggle.

"I must not approach." Chen Xiang quietly observed from the side. He knew that this place was extremely dangerous, but if he left, he would miss the chance to hunt a Purple icy ape.

"I need to think of a way!" Chen Xiang thought that he could try using the Six Realms mirrors s.

The Six Realms mirrors had been refined by Xiao Xianglin many times before, and had been added with a lot of Tao-creation Divine Crystals. It was extremely sturdy, and he did not know if he could trap the Purple icy ape.

"Junior sister, do you think that the Six Realms mirrors can trap the Purple icy ape?" Chen Xiang asked. Little White Fox had also carefully observed the structure of the Six Realms mirrors and had a certain understanding of it.

Chen Xiang also quickly told Xiao Xianglin and the Purple icy ape’s current situation, asking them to come up with ideas.

"There shouldn’t be a problem with the Six Realms mirrors. If it were to act recklessly inside, I will control it." Little White Fox said: "He’s definitely not my match since he’s trapped inside the Six Realms mirrors. Moreover, he’s currently frozen, so it’ll take a while for him to unravel it."

Xiao Xianglin was also sure that the Six Realms mirrors could trap the Purple icy ape.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath, activated the Time and space power, and directly sent the Purple icy ape into the Six Realms mirrors.

Initially, he had planned to bring the ten over people in, but after taking away the Purple icy ape, the cold air suddenly became extremely violent and he had no choice but to immediately teleport away.

The instant he took away the Purple icy ape, he understood that there was a killing array in this area. Because there were no Purple icy ape s left, the killing array did not need to deal with the Purple icy ape s and could only focus all of its power on dealing with the dozens of people. If he took the ten-odd people away, the power of the killing array would focus on him and he would be the one dying.

"Attack!" Chen Xiang said to Little White Fox, who had long since been waiting in an empty place inside the Six Realms mirrors.

After the Purple icy ape was brought into the space within the Six Realms mirrors, Chen Xiang immediately activated all kinds of enchantments and killing arrays. The Six Realms mirrors also crazily absorbed the energy of over ten Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals and began to attack the Purple icy ape.

The power Little White Fox used was very strange as well, as if it was a type of pressure that imperceptibly created a very strong pressure. Then, she controlled this pressure and madly hammered the Purple icy ape.

The pressure that Little White Fox released could also come from all directions. At the same time, it would attack the Purple icy ape’s body and crush the purple crystal scales on the Purple icy ape’s surface. Finally, she condensed the strong pressure into a very thin, transparent sword that penetrated through the Purple icy ape’s body.

Chen Xiang didn’t think that Little White Fox’s power would be so terrifying.

"Junior Sister, you’re too amazing!" Chen Xiang exclaimed.

"This is the power of a Supreme Mantra, called the Pressure mantra." Little White Fox laughed tenderly: "Senior Brother, you can learn too. If you learn, maybe you can use it better than me."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded.

"Senior Brother, Master said that your flames are very strong. Release your strongest flames, and I will use my pressure to press the flames into the body of the Purple icy ape. The Purple icy ape is most afraid of strong flames." Little White Fox had been chased by this Purple icy ape for many years, so she knew this Purple icy ape very well.

I recommend a good women’s clothing store. The clothes are nice and cheap, and the quality is also very good! Just search the Taobao net for "Shibu".

Thailand’s most popular female anchorwoman new love video exposure down the male host!