Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

The flame Chen Xiang released from the Red fire dragon was a prideful and legendary fire. If it was released from the Increase spell, this kind of legendary dragon fire would become even more terrifying.

"I’ll try!" Chen Xiang was not sure if he would be able to release the strongest of the legendary dragon flames because the flames would have to pass through his body.

He tried it out and discovered that the legendary dragon fire was very hot. However, the weaker ones weren’t a problem, but it would be difficult to release the strongest ones.

"No way!" At this moment, Chen Xiang’s entire body was extremely scalding hot, all because he had just released a bit of the strongest legendary dragon fire.

Chen Xiang thought for a bit, and could only release the Red fire dragon, controlling it to immediately release flames into the space trapping the Purple icy ape.

Little White Fox stared at the Purple icy ape, waiting for Chen Xiang’s flame.

"Junior Sister, are you ready? I’m going to start now." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, Senior-apprentice Brother, you can release the fire now." Little White Fox nodded.

Chen Xiang also went inside the Six Realms mirrors s, and when he was outside the space outside where the Purple icy ape were locked up, he released the Red fire dragon s.

The Red fire dragon was very small, with a pair of glowing fire wings.

"What is this? "So powerful!" Little White Fox saw that the little guy looked like a dragon and shouted in fear, "Is this a dragon?"

"En!" Chen Xiang made the Red fire dragon spew out flames, attacking towards the Purple icy ape.

Little White Fox was also considered a beast, and was extremely afraid of Red fire dragon, this mysterious and powerful World Defying beast. Chen Xiang’s cultivation was not as strong as hers, but this dragon made her feel afraid.

"You little fox, I will kill you!" When the Purple icy ape saw that it was Little White Fox, it roared angrily.

Little White Fox let out a cold snort, and released his power. An invisible pressure appeared around the Purple icy ape, pushing all of the legendary dragon flames inside towards the Purple icy ape.

"Senior brother, put out a little more flame, I want to burn this guy to death." Little White Fox was filled with anger: "Purple icy ape, you tried to eat me again and again, but now you have finally fallen into my hands! hmph hmph hmph, you brought this upon yourself. If you had not been my enemy, you would not have ended up like this. "

"Stupid fox spirit, just you wait ..." "Ah ah ah ah......" The Purple icy ape roared. He didn’t expect this Little White Fox to retaliate against him.

It was just that Little White Fox’s defense was not strong, but her attack power was extremely terrifying. She was currently exerting an invisible but extremely strong pressure to the extreme, pushing all of the legendary dragon fire Chen Xiang had released into the body of the Purple icy ape.

A large amount of the purple colored ice crystals on the Purple icy ape’s surface had melted.

Killing a Paternoster beast was not an easy thing to do, especially since this was a Paternoster beast with a strong defense.

The Purple icy ape roared and cursed at Little White Fox, but it was useless, it would only increase Little White Fox’s strength.

Chen Xiang was shocked in his heart. This Purple icy ape’s body was actually this terrifying. He had continuously burned for several hours and with Little White Fox’s help, he had only just started to decompose.

After the ice crystal scales on the Purple icy ape’s body were destroyed, its entire body was quickly burnt to ashes.

After his body was incinerated, Little White Fox anxiously shouted out: "That is the Purple icy ape’s crystal core, there are two of them!" FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Chen Xiang immediately took away all the enchantments and formations, and walked with Little White Fox.

"The Purple icy ape themselves are purple ice incantations, they can condense purple ice crystal scales like he does." Little White Fox said: "I don’t know about the other one."

"Senior Brother, as long as you eat these crystals, you will be able to obtain Supreme Mantra s quickly. Which one do you want to eat first?"

Chen Xiang looked at the crystal core that Little White Fox passed over, and asked with a frown: "Junior Sister, can I only eat one piece?"

Little White Fox nodded: "For now, you can only eat one piece. After you eat one piece of crystal core, it will take at least ten thousand years or so before you can eat a second piece ... The main reason is that a strong repulsive force will be generated between the crystal nucleus and the crystal nucleus, and it will take tens of thousands of years to be eliminated. "

Chen Xiang was extremely hesitant. The Purple Ice Incantation was very powerful, it had a very strong defensive power, and when released during battle, it could allow his body to avoid being attacked too much.

As for the other piece of crystal, the Supreme Mantra that had it was unclear. If it wasn’t something good, it would definitely be very depressed.

"Junior Sister, don’t you know what kind of Supreme Mantra is in the other piece of the Purple icy ape’s core?" Chen Xiang’s heart was tangled.

Little White Fox shook his head: "In the Tao-creation Ancient Place, unless we, the Paternoster beast have no other choice, we will not reveal our ability to chant any other incantations! Like me, many people do not know what my second Supreme Mantra is. "

Chen Xiang already knew that Little White Fox was born with a Supreme Mantra.

"Then what is the second Supreme Mantra?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Gather Qi, my second Supreme Mantra can gather Legendary gas." Little White Fox said: "I accidentally obtained this."

"This Purple icy ape is so powerful, but it can only plunder one Supreme Mantra." Chen Xiang looked at the two crystal cores in his hands, he did not know which one he should have.

"Alright, I don’t want the purple ice incantation. I want another unknown one, let’s bet on it!"

The crystal was very small and could be swallowed in one gulp. After he swallowed it, the crystal mysteriously fused into his flesh and blood and finally entered his heart. At this moment, many incantations appeared in his mind.

His Supreme Mantra formed a total of thirteen strokes, which was considered rather difficult.

"Eat it, and we’ll soon be able to use it. Let’s see what power it has." Little White Fox was extremely curious.

Chen Xiang closed his eyes and summoned a Supreme Mantra from within the Divine Sense Sea World. Then, he released the condensed power of the Supreme Mantra.

It was a transparent mass that he could not see nor feel.

"What kind of power is this?" Little White Fox used his hands to touch it, but did not puncture it.

"I can control this thing and through it, I can hear and sense what is around me." Chen Xiang controlled the transparent energy to float, allowing him to fly quickly.

Through this mysterious energy, he could see things in the distance. It was almost as if he was here himself.

"It’s very possible that this is how Purple icy ape found my whereabouts." Little White Fox was often hunted down. Other than Purple icy ape, other Paternoster beast had also only chased after her once, but the Purple icy ape had always chased after her.

"Probably." Chen Xiang said: "This thing consumes a lot of energy, I cannot use it for too long, and it seems that I can even more energy to be excavated."

"What other abilities do you have?" Little White Fox asked anxiously.

"I can create a space inside this thing. If I encounter anything, I can just go with the flow!" "Right now, my power is limited and I can’t sustain it for too long." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Give this Supreme Mantra a name." Little White Fox felt that this Supreme Mantra was very good: "How about the incantations for illusions?"

I recommend a good women’s clothing store. The clothes are nice and cheap, and the quality is also very good! Just search the Taobao net for "Shibu".