Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The things that Chen Xiang had released through the Supreme Mantra were indeed the same as his own body, but he couldn’t see or feel it. Furthermore, he also brought a storage space with him, which made him look like an illusory body. Even faster, the website page is refreshing, advertisement is few, like this kind of website most, must be well-received.] The updates were quick.

"Alright, let’s call it illusion." Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Let’s keep this Purple Ice Incantation aside for now. It doesn’t have much use right now."

Chen Xiang had also thought about it carefully before, the purple ice incantation was not suitable for him, because he was using fire himself, and there was a conflict with the purple ice incantation.

He felt that Bai Youyou had used it pretty well. Bai Youyou had always been a battlemaster, and the Purple Ice Incantation allowed her to have a very strong defense. He mentioned this to Bai Youyou and she decided not to use it for now. Let’s talk about it when she needs it.

Just like this, Chen Xiang finally obtained a Supreme Mantra. If he were to learn by himself, who knows how long he would have to learn it.

"All these years, only one Supreme Mantra has been ’obtained’!" Chen Xiang replied, "I thought he had quite a few."

"Paternoster beast are all very strong, and it won’t be that easy to kill them. In a battle, even if they can’t defeat their opponent, there’s a high chance of them escaping." Little White Fox said: "For example, me. My strength is the weakest amongst the Paternoster beast, but I can still sense that they have arrived. Furthermore, my speed is also very fast, so none of them are able to kill me."

Purple icy ape s were considered strong here, all these years he had only killed one Paternoster beast, it could be seen how difficult it was to kill one, Yan Jiu had told him that before.

"Junior Sister, have you seen this pattern before?" Chen Xiang took out his Eight ancestor contract map.

After Little White Fox saw this, his face changed and he nodded immediately: "I have seen it before, this is a map of demons. As long as there is a place with this map, it would be extremely dangerous, and one would most likely die inside."

Chen Xiang said: "Previously, the place where the Purple icy ape and the dozen or so humans were together was most likely where this map was located. Because it’s at night, we didn’t see it."

She had stayed here for such a long time, so she naturally knew just how terrifying the places with Eight ancestor contract map were. Now that she thought about it, she finally understood why the Purple icy ape and the dozen or so powerful humans were trapped in that place.

Those humans must be dead by now!

"Senior Brother, how did you know about this map?" Little White Fox had seen Eight ancestor contract map before when she was on the tree trunk or on some rocks together, and the moment she saw them, she knew that they had all ran far away. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"A friend of mine gave it to me. He told me that once I enter this place and see this kind of map, I have to stay far away from it." Chen Xiang said: "I was too careless previously, I only thought of this map when I thought of the Purple icy ape and the ten-odd people trapped inside the killing array."

"Senior brother, we must be careful next time. While flying here, you must be vigilant as well. If you encounter this map, you must stay far away, and you must not fly over it." Little White Fox’s face was serious, she was so scared that her whole body was trembling.

Chen Xiang caressed her face and laughed: "I got it, Senior Brother will not make any mistakes, you continue to study Legendary mantra peacefully, I will think of a way to let you leave this damn place."

Little White Fox returned to the You Yao Mountain Villa, entered the Time array, and continued learning.

Chen Xiang did not immediately move. Instead, he used the incantation on his body and released a Phantom Shadow.

He wanted to get familiar with controlling illusions, which would help him deal with the Sects from Seven Mountains s here in the future.

Chen Xiang tossed and turned until it was dark. He was finally quite familiar with it, he could control the illusion to ’bring’ a stone back from a thousand miles away.

Although the flying speed of the illusion was fast, it still required a certain amount of time, and it would take time to travel back and forth. Although the flying speed of the illusion was fast, it still required a certain amount of time, and it would need time to travel back and forth.

"At least it’ll help me investigate. It’ll make it more convenient and safer for me." Chen Xiang hurried during the night, heading to the closest sect gate.

Little White Fox had heard of some Wood Mountain Sect there. He was most familiar with the Wood Mountain Sect s of the mountain range of the Tao-creation s, but the ones he had come to were the truly strong ones, far stronger than the outer and inner sect disciples.

It was daybreak and Chen Xiang was flying high up in the sky. He saw that in the forest ahead, there were a lot of huge boulders covering the entire forest, but they did not press against the trees. They were arranged in an orderly manner in the gaps between the trees.

Chen Xiang immediately told Little White Fox about the stone array. After Little White Fox heard about it, he quickly told Chen Xiang to stop and let him inspect it carefully.

Chen Xiang immediately released a phoenix body, allowing the phoenix body to float within the forest.

When the spirit body arrived in front of the closest boulder, he saw a picture on the trunk of a big tree. He was very familiar with this picture, it was the Eight ancestor contract map.

Seeing this pattern, Chen Xiang didn’t say anything further and immediately left, circling far away from this area, but his illusion body was still there.

"Junior-apprentice Sister, you said that there shouldn’t be anything wrong if I use my illusions to investigate inside." Chen Xiang said: "If my illusion body gets shattered, it’s only a ball of my energy that will shatter."

"It’s fine, as long as you stay away from that place." Little White Fox said. She was also brimming with curiosity, for Chen Xiang’s spirit body to explore such a dangerous place was extremely suitable and convenient.

Chen Xiang controlled the spirit body to enter the stone array. He discovered that the stones inside the array were all weirdly shaped, and Eight ancestor contract map would occasionally appear on one or two stones.

The illusion continued to fly. After flying for a few hours, it suddenly saw a white haired middle-aged man sitting on a rock in front of it.

He sat on the stone with his eyes closed, as if he had become one with the stone. This feeling was very strange, he had not even seen Chen Xiang’s illusion in the distance, and only discovered him when he approached the stone.

When Chen Xiang discovered the middle-aged man through the illusion, the middle aged man also opened his eyes and looked at the illusion.

The illusion was able to allow Chen Xiang to enter the real body realm, so when he saw the middle-aged man’s threatening gaze, Chen Xiang could not help but tremble all over.

"Who are you?" The middle-aged man asked, "This isn’t your original body. It’s just an energy formation, but it has a strand of spiritual connection. Your original body should be far away, right?"

"Senior, I am only a person who entered the Tao-creation Ancient Place to explore, and came here to look out of curiosity. I apologize for disturbing you." Chen Xiang immediately controlled his spirit body and said.

"Do you think ’making’ this thing is the power of the Supreme Mantra?" The look in the middle-aged man’s eyes became gentle. It was no longer as frightening as it was before.

"Yes sir!" Chen Xiang replied: "Sorry for disturbing you, senior. I’ll be leaving now."

"Wait, don’t go yet. I didn’t say that you would disturb me." The middle-aged man hastily shouted.