Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not understand what the middle-aged man meant, so he decided to stay. Read the latest chapter of this book.

"Senior, what orders do you have?" politely asked. The Eight ancestor contract map had arranged for a few strong warriors to protect the place, and only when the eight First Tao-creation Ancestor s are gathered, would they be able to make the guardians listen to their orders.

"I haven’t spoken to anyone in a long time." The middle-aged man let out a long sigh. His sigh was filled with the vicissitudes of life. It could be seen how long he had sat on this rock that he was about to fuse with it.

"In the past, as long as the people who entered this place didn’t see me, they would most likely die and be killed by the killing formations outside. This is the first time that you’ve entered this place, and even the killing formations don’t detect you." The middle-aged man said, "Kid, what is your name?"

"Chen Xiang! Where’s senior? "

"Even if I said it, you wouldn’t recognize me. Just call me Uncle Shi."

"Uncle Shi... I know about the Eight ancestor contract map. When I saw the Eight ancestor contract map outside earlier, my original body ran far away and let this illusion in. " Chen Xiang said.

"You did the right thing. If you don’t run far, you will not be able to resist temptation. As long as you come in, you will most likely die if you don’t have enough power." The Uncle Shi said.

Chen Xiang only knew that places with Eight ancestor contract map, all of them were extremely dangerous. Since he was curious about what kind of things were hidden in these places, he would naturally ask this Uncle Shi. Read the full text of the latest chapter Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"Uncle Shi, I heard that where there are Eight ancestor contract map, there are many things hidden inside. Are you protecting this place?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course, I’ve been here for many years, the Eight ancestor contract map ’made’ me protect ’this place." Uncle Shi said, his expression full of memories: "Do you know what I’m protecting?"

"I don’t know. He must be very powerful." Chen Xiang looked at those strange-looking rocks.

"I wanted to tell you, but you ran in because you couldn’t stand the temptation." Uncle Shi chuckled: "So it’s better to forget about it."

"Uncle Shi, my mental fortitude is very good, and right now, I’m so far away from you, I can definitely withstand the temptation. Furthermore, I have very important things to do, so I cherish my life very much." Chen Xiang immediately laughed.

"Alright! You should have heard of Legendary mantra! To be honest, amongst the hundred thousand huge boulders inside, a hundred of them are filled with Legendary mantra. " The Uncle Shi said.

There were actually a hundred Legendary mantra! Chen Xiang was extremely shocked in his heart. There were actually this many Legendary mantra, much more than the Tao-creation’s Incantation.

"And there are two hundred Supreme Mantra, these are what many people want." The Uncle Shi said.

"Indeed, I’m a bit tempted now, but I care about my own life." Chen Xiang sighed helplessly, this was a treasure, but it would take a person’s life.

"Even if you are able to pass through the killing formation, you will definitely not be able to pass my stage. If you are able to pass my stage, you will certainly not be interested in the things here." The Uncle Shi laughed: Young man, what important matters do you have here, can you tell me? I’m so bored, I might be able to give you some advice. "

"I know a Paternoster beast, and she acknowledged my master as her master, becoming my junior sister, but she cannot leave the Tao-creation Ancient Place! Among the Tao-creation Ancient Place, there are seven sects. I want to go to those seven sects to ask them if they have any methods to help my junior sister leave the Tao-creation Ancient Place. " Chen Xiang spoke the truth.

"Kid, you must remember the words of the Uncle Shi. If you tell them that your Junior Sister is a Paternoster beast, you would definitely capture you immediately and snatch your Junior Sister away. Kill your Junior Sister and take away her uncle to eat. " Uncle Shi’s voice was cold, he seemed to hate the seven sects very much.

Chen Xiang had been chased by Yan Shan and his sect, if not for him helping them, he would have died a long time ago.

"Uncle Shi, this place is called Seven Mountains Divine Island ... It was built by the seven First Tao-creation Ancestor s from back then. Those seven First Tao-creation Ancestor s should be in those seven sects now, right? Why are their sects so bad? " Chen Xiang suddenly felt that there was something strange about the Sects from Seven Mountains s.

"This is a long story... Also, the Seven Mountains Divine Island was not built by the seven First Tao-creation Ancestor s, but by eight! Otherwise, the Eight ancestor contract map will not be here. " The Uncle Shi replied, "This place should be called Tao-creation’s Divine Island. It was built using the Tao-creation Divine Lord’s Divine Mountains."

"Tao-creation Divine Lord? Isn’t it the Evil Ancestor? " Chen Xiang immediately shouted.

"What?" Tao-creation Evil Ancestor? Tell me about the legends! " Uncle Shi shouted anxiously.

Chen Xiang immediately explained the situation with the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor.

"Bullshit!" Tao-creation Evil Ancestor had died a long time ago, and it was caused by the seven sect First Tao-creation Ancestor s ... ... Did you know that these seven fellows had a great pity about Tao-creation Evil Ancestor’s power? That’s why when they swallowed the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor’s power together and were counterattacked by the power of the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, they became half evil. At that time, the Tao-creation Divine Lord did not know about this matter and built this Tao-creation Divine Island with them.

"They had the strength to kill the Tao-creation Divine Lord, but they did not. Because, once they kill the Tao-creation Divine Lord, there would be a sealed treasure by the Eight ancestor contract map and they would not be able to obtain it. So, they could only seal the Tao-creation Divine Lord."

After listening to all of the secrets, Chen Xiang felt that it was unbelievable. He had always thought that the one who could break the seal inside the barrier was the heinous Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, he never thought that it would be the best in the entire First Tao-creation Ancestor.

This was obviously done by the seven ancestors to wipe away Tao-creation Divine Lord. He had already felt that something was wrong with Sects from Seven Mountains! Although one of the Tao-creation Mountain s had been destroyed, the Tao-creation Ice Mountain was destroyed by them. They then falsely accused the Tao-creation Divine Lord, making everyone hate the Tao-creation Divine Lord.

"I understand now, no wonder Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong followed Tao-creation Divine Lord, so that’s how it is!" Chen Xiang was secretly happy in his heart. After Qin Shuang and the others, they would definitely be safe.

"And now, everyone outside thinks that it’s the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor." Chen Xiang sighed: "These seven Ancestral Founder are simply too despicable, I need to think of a way to spread this matter, regardless of whether anyone believes it or not."

"This’s Divine Island’s great formation, even if it was the Tao-creation Divine Lord himself, it would still be difficult to break through! This has already become the world controlled by the seven half evil progenitors, and there are a large number of treasures sealed here, they will definitely think of a way to get their hands on them bit by bit. " The Uncle Shi said.

"Why are so many resources sealed here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Initially, I was mainly worried that the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor would explode with a large amount of evil energy after death, and then the Tao-creation Divine Lord would seal a large amount of resources here. If something like this really happens, it would make it easier for him to destroy and rebuild his dao." The Uncle Shi said.

Tao-creation Evil Ancestor had died a long time ago, and his body had been devoured by the seven progenitors! The seven ancestors even sealed up Tao-creation Divine Lord and spread rumors that Tao-creation Divine Lord was the evil ancestor who committed heinous crimes. Because there weren’t many people at the time, no one knew about this matter, so they could say whatever they wanted to.

As time passed, it became a legend and became more popular!