Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

If Chen Xiang had not met this Uncle Shi, he would have thought that the one outside was the heinous "Tao-creation Evil Ancestor", but even so, the Sects from Seven Mountains inside did not give him a good impression.

When he came to the former Tao-creation Mountain, he first met the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect, and that time gave him a very bad impression. Furthermore, there was a conflict between them, and when he came to the Tao-creation Fire Mountain later on, the people of the Wood Mountain Sect still came to look for trouble with him, and in order to obtain the large number of pill formulas that Hua Liqing possessed, the Tao-creation Fire Mountain forced Hua Liqing to stand aside and watch without doing anything. As a result, the Fire Mountain School also left him with a bad impression.

When he met Yan Jiu before, and knew how dangerous the Sects from Seven Mountains was, he felt extremely disgusted with the Sects from Seven Mountains. Now, he finally knew the truth, the First Tao-creation Ancestor behind the Sects from Seven Mountains had actually devoured a large amount of Evil Ancestor power, and they could be considered half an Evil Ancestor.

"Uncle Shi, now that Tao-creation Divine Lord is outside, he definitely wants to come in. How can I help him enter?" Chen Xiang said.

"There is a way, but it is extremely troublesome. If you do not have any other important matters, you can try." The Uncle Shi thought for a moment and said, "Actually, there is a mysterious path in this Tao-creation Ancient Place. This was left behind by the Tao-creation Divine Lord all those years ago."

"Do the seven ancestors know?" Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up, this island was actually connected to the mysterious pathway outside, and this island was sealed up, it would be easy to enter if he went out, but if he could come and go, it would be very good, he could go out to find Long Xueyi and the rest.

"They don’t know, but they suspect that, because only that place did not have Eight ancestor contract map s installed, and only had a barrier set up by the Tao-creation Divine Lord." Uncle Shi said: "If they were to break that barrier, then there is no other way."

"Where is it? I’ll go take a look." Chen Xiang said.

"Okay. However, you must be careful. That spirit formation is not something to be trifled with." The Uncle Shi said: "Although I have a powerful force here, I cannot leave this stone array. I am also powerless."

"Uncle Shi, why can’t you leave? You should be very strong, to actually be willing to stand guard here for so many years. " Chen Xiang found this hard to understand.

"You don’t understand ... To me, the Tao-creation Divine Lord is equivalent to a father, and only he has me. Although my cultivation is strong, he is my father after all, and I am only doing what I should be doing. " Uncle Shi sighed: "It’s just that I never thought that so many things would happen, that caused Tao-creation Divine Lord to fall to this state."

"Uncle Shi, my junior sister is a Paternoster beast. She seems to be restricted by some kind of power and can’t leave this place. Do you have any ideas?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I have no way, but Tao-creation Divine Lord should have a way! Previously, the Eighth Patriarch of the Tao-creation left a large amount of Supreme Mantra here. After absorbing all kinds of energy, these Supreme Mantra turned into a spirit body and evolved into a beast ... The Eighth Patriarch of the Tao-creation even predicted that this kind of thing would happen. Because there is the power of the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor between heaven and earth, it is possible that the Paternoster beast would turn into evil beasts. In order to prevent these powerful beasts from escaping, there is a restriction. "

The majority of the Paternoster beast in the Tao-creation Ancient Place were very savage, if not for the fact that the Eight Ancestors of the Tao-creation had foresight, these Paternoster beast would have already ran out to wreak havoc everywhere.

"It seems like I can only think of a way to find Tao-creation Divine Lord." Chen Xiang felt that this matter shouldn’t be too big of a problem. and Gu Tong were currently together with the Tao-creation Divine Lord, so the latter would definitely be severely injured and would need help.

"Okay, I will tell you the passage the Tao-creation Divine Lord left behind right now. When you get there, be careful. Then, he used his energy to condense a very detailed map in the air.

There were many red areas on the map. Uncle Shi pointed at the red areas and said: "These places all have Eight ancestor contract map. You have to avoid them."

Chen Xiang remembered it, nodded his head, and asked: "That golden light spot, is it where the passage is?"

"Yes, it’s a little far from here." The Uncle Shi said: "Be careful on the road. Generally speaking, as long as you avoid the red areas, it will be safer. It might be that the Paternoster beast will be a threat to you."

"Got it, I’ll be careful." Chen Xiang said.

"Little brother, then goodbye. I hope that we will have the chance to see you again in the future and have a drink together." Uncle Shi laughed.

"Farewell, Uncle Shi. We will definitely meet again."

Chen Xiang recalled the illusion and then told the girl inside the You Yao Mountain Villa what he and the Uncle Shi had talked about. Xiao Xianglin, Little White Fox and the others could hear it from the Time array.

"Junior Sister, when the time comes, I might have to leave for a while, and you can’t follow me for now." Chen Xiang said with a voice full of unwillingness and worry.

Little White Fox giggled and said in a tender voice, "Senior Brother, right now I am stronger than you. Furthermore, after I learned the Doppelgänger mantra that Master taught me, I will have two clones. At that time, I will be even stronger, so you don’t have to worry about me at all."

Chen Xiang also thought about this matter. After she had learned the Doppelgänger mantra, she would indeed be very strong, and with three Little White Fox s releasing her powerful and mysterious Pressure mantra at the same time, she would feel fear just thinking about it.

"Mm, then I’m relieved." Chen Xiang laughed as he flew up into the sky, following the safety route on the map, he headed towards the mysterious passage.

Seeing how concerned Chen Xiang was for her, Little White Fox felt a warm feeling in her heart. She wasn’t afraid of anything, she was just not willing to part with her Senior Brother and Master, and at the same time, was a little worried that she wouldn’t see Master and Senior Brother again.

"Master, is Junior Sister’s Supreme Mantra suitable for alchemy?" Chen Xiang asked. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"Of course it’s suitable, if I can turn it into a World Defying Dan grain, it would be very beneficial for you to refine pills! Her Pressure mantra can allow you to quickly complete the process of condensing the core. You should know that if there was a very strong pressure quickly pressing on the pill, it would emit an even stronger energy and the quality would be even better. Then it was Little White Fox’s Qi Gathering Incantation, to gather the Legendary gas, that was even more powerful! Your pills can gather a large amount of Legendary gas, what kind of effect can it have? "

At this time, Chen Xiang was also secretly excited, he could only wait for Xiao Xianglin’s good news, and Xiao Xianglin also said that he wanted to merge with the Flying Dan grain, at that time the Flying Dan grain would also change beyond recognition, it wouldn’t be recognized by the brilliant Alchemist.

If it was him, he would definitely not be able to get rid of the unique World Defying Dan grain, and if he wanted to, there would be no other way. This would greatly restrict his ability to refine pills.

Chen Xiang advanced according to the map in his memory, suddenly realizing that there were a lot of missing mountains. In order for Chen Xiang to understand the direction, Uncle Shi had drawn a lot of mountains on the map.

Chen Xiang asked Little White Fox. Little White Fox came out from the Time array, looked around, and said in a low voice: "In front of us is a sect.