Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The only one who would use ice would be the Tao-creation Ice Mountain, whose name was Icy Jade Sect. Even if they lost their Tao-creation Ice Mountain, it was to injure the Tao-creation Divine Lord, and at the same time blame it on the Tao-creation Divine Lord, causing many people to hate him.

"The mountain ahead should have been razed to the ground by them!" Chen Xiang paced back and forth anxiously: "That barrier should be inside Icy Jade Sect, it’s so troublesome."

Previously, Chen Xiang only planned to stroll around outside of these sects, and capture a few people to ask about some things. The main reason was to ask if there was any way to make Little White Fox follow him out of the Tao-creation Ancient Place.

Now, he already knew from Uncle Shi that only Tao-creation Divine Lord knew of the method. He only wanted to quickly enter the barrier, run out and find Tao-creation Divine Lord, and then bring them in.

"Senior Brother, do you want me to bring you in?" Little White Fox replied: "I’ve come once."

"No, I won’t go in first." Chen Xiang said: "I want to wait for you to grasp the Doppelgänger mantra, because after I enter, it is very likely that I will have to leave.

When Little White Fox thought about this, she bit her lower lip and nodded. She also couldn’t bear to part with Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin.

"It’s okay, I’ll definitely come back. As soon as I come back, I’ll come find you." Chen Xiang caressed her hair and let her enter the Time array, seizing the opportunity to learn Doppelgänger mantra.

His illusions could be discovered by the Uncle Shi, mainly because the Uncle Shi was very strong. In the Icy Jade Sect, only the ancestor had this kind of strength, and this ancestor was definitely in closed door cultivation, making it difficult for others to discover him.

The illusion released by Chen Xiang slowly floated towards the barrier, and after a careful inspection, he became more at ease, because there were not many people around the barrier, but they were all surrounded by a tall wall, and inside the barrier was a forest.

Chen Xiang did not have the confidence to break it, he felt that this barrier had always been like this, something that Icy Jade Sect’s First Tao-creation Ancestor knew about, but had not been broken.

"Tao-creation Divine Lord’s barrier is really strong." Chen Xiang guessed in his heart: "If it was any other ancestor joining hands, they might be able to break it apart, but the Icy Jade Sect’s ancestor was worried that there would be something good, and so he did not tell the other First Tao-creation Ancestor."

Chen Xiang had already found the location of the barrier. Now the problem was how he could enter, he could only quietly go there and let Xiao Xianglin and Feng Ke’er see.

Several days had passed and Little White Fox had finally succeeded in grasping the Doppelgänger mantra. She had used almost two thousand years of time, while Xiao Xianglin had not even been a hundred years of time.

But Chen Xiang still admired Little White Fox, this kind of speed was already very fast, at least he couldn’t do it. Right now, he didn’t have any plans to learn Legendary mantra.

Chen Xiang planned to wait until Xiao Xianglin mastered the other two Legendary mantra s. If one of the two Legendary mantra s was very suitable for him, he could just learn that, because after learning one, it would be even harder to learn the second one. Xiao Xianglin had spent thousands of years inside the Time array but still had not mastered the other one.

"Senior Brother, you have to be careful by yourself!" Little White Fox was very worried, she had planned for her two clones to follow Chen Xiang, she knew that none of the women in the You Yao Mountain Villa had one.

However, Chen Xiang did not want her to be his clone. He was very confident in his concealment, and felt that he would not be discovered.

"Junior Sister, stay away from here. This is for you." Chen Xiang gave her a small piece of the Red fire dragon’s dragon scale. At that time, he only needed to pass through the Red fire dragon and he would be able to sense where Little White Fox was.

"Are you sure you don’t need my protection?" Little White Fox said in a low voice.

"I, your senior brother, am amazing." Chen Xiang pinched her charming and naive face.

"Then senior brother must come find me. I’ll wait for you." Little White Fox looked at Chen Xiang with his watery eyes.

"Well, get out of here! There are so many powerful fellows here, it would not be good if they could find out with just a few methods. " Chen Xiang urged.

Little White Fox walked a few steps, looked back at him, bit her lips, and then quickly left.

"Master, if your two clones were destroyed, would that have any effect on your body?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It will affect me a little. I’m not sure about the details, because I haven’t tried it yet. In short, my original body won’t die." Xiao Xianglin said. She was very curious about this question and she had only hypothesized it herself.

"When we ask the Tao-creation Divine Lord later, he will definitely know." Chen Xiang laughed, he had already activated Counter Power, and was heading towards the forest surrounded by walls.

Many of Icy Jade Sect’s buildings were constructed from white ice. When one got closer, they could see many different types of buildings that were white and boundless. These buildings were all made from the condensed and powerful energy of ice that had been released by humans.

Chen Xiang passed through a large area of ice buildings and finally arrived outside the high wall. This high wall was actually constructed from Tao-creation Holy stone.

"This high wall itself is a barrier!" Before, when Chen Xiang used his illusion body, he only looked from afar and did not approach. But now, he finally found out that the high wall outside the forest was also a part of the barrier.

There was no one else here. Chen Xiang quietly let Xiao Xianglin and Feng Ke’er come out, and it would take them some time to investigate the situation of the barrier thoroughly.

Chen Xiang also used his spirit body to fly around to let the wind out, if anyone approached, he would immediately send Feng Ke’er and Xiao Xianglin inside the You Yao Mountain Villa.

Fortunately, this was a forbidden area of the Icy Jade Sect, so disciples of the Icy Jade Sect rarely came near this area. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

After a day had passed, Xiao Xianglin and Feng Ke’er entered the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Is this barrier easy to break?" Chen Xiang asked.

"This is bad!" Xiao Xianglin said in a serious tone, "I still haven’t thought of a way, there must be a formation master in the Icy Jade Sect. They need all these years to not be able to open it, which proves just how powerful this barrier is."

"Then what should we do?" Chen Xiang panicked.

"I do have a way, but I don’t know if it’ll work." Feng Ke’er said, "Big Sister Xiang Luan and I have already discussed this. We only need to create a pinhole the size of a small hole, and then use the transformation technique to turn ourselves into smoke and pass through it."

"Is this hole easy to make?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course not! The way I thought of is to use Xiao Ke’er’s golden needles ... And then, he would pour in a large amount of Time and space power s. " Xiao Xianglin said: "It would be best if you let your Red fire dragon come out, and then use the Red fire dragon to condense a Time and space power, and pour it into the golden needle. After that, you will penetrate the barrier, and the moment a small hole appears, you will turn into smoke and pass through it."