Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang felt that the process would not be difficult, but doing so would cause a huge commotion. Once the Red fire dragon erupted with its power, it would not be able to hide its Qi.

"It’s true that it will expose your Red fire dragon, this is also the only way! If he could get Little White Fox to come, that would be fine too, but whether or not he should call her over. " Xiao Xianglin said.

"There’s no need for that. Although it’s only for clones, I don’t know how much damage the clones will do to her body. If it doesn’t affect her body well, it’ll be very dangerous for her after being hunted down." Chen Xiang said.

If there was no First Tao-creation Ancestor here, Chen Xiang would definitely let Little White Fox come here, it was just that the First Tao-creation Ancestor was too terrifying, who knows how strong they were.

"Alright, I can only use the Red fire dragon. So what if it’s revealed, as long as I can see the Tao-creation Divine Lord, my future days will be a lot better." Chen Xiang decided that if he could really make Little White Fox leave the Tao-creation Ancient Place, he did not think much of it.

Furthermore, at that time, Tao-creation Divine Lord would also be able to enter, and the seven half evil First Tao-creation Ancestor would be taken care of by Tao-creation Divine Lord.

"There’s no time to lose. Let’s start now." Xiao Xianglin said.

Chen Xiang held the golden needle. Until now, he and Xiao Xianglin still had not figured out what exactly this mysterious golden needle was.

However, Xiao Xianglin had tried using the golden needles, and it was very easy to penetrate the Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s crystals, it was just like piercing tofu.

That was why Feng Ke’er and Xiao Xianglin had such confidence in this golden needle.

Chen Xiang released the Red fire dragon and let out a stuffy snort, then controlled the Red fire dragon to condense Time and space power. Right now he had mastered all the time incantations and Space mantra, so he did not need to pass the Six Realms mirrors.

The Red fire dragon’s energy immediately exploded out, condensing into nine time incantations and nine Space mantra. After being overlapped with the Fusion spell by Chen Xiang and added with the Increase spell, the energy became extremely terrifying, causing the entire Icy Jade Sect to tremble and many ice house to crack.

"Someone’s coming!" Chen Xiang’s illusion sensed that several auras of the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank were rapidly approaching. Other than them, there was also an extremely terrifying aura that caused him to feel suffocated and incomparably nervous.

"Open!" All of the Red fire dragon’s energy exploded, and through all sorts of incantations, it turned into Time and space power. It poured into the golden needles and penetrated through the wall.

Chen Xiang used his fastest speed to turn into smoke and drill into the small hole. Just at that moment, when he had transformed into smoke and entered the hole, more than ten elders suddenly appeared and released a terrifying brilliance at the same time.

Chen Xiang had already penetrated through the wall, but he heard the sound of explosions from the other side of the wall. The high wall was also trembling frantically, but it did not have any cracks, it was extremely sturdy.

"It scared me to death!" Chen Xiang looked at Divine Sense Sea World’s exhausted little dragon and let out a long sigh.

"One of the First Tao-creation Ancestor s should be coming." Chen Xiang recalled the moment when he almost died, and he felt a lingering fear. If he had been even a little slower, he might have been smashed into smithereens.

With the huge commotion just now, more than half of the buildings in Icy Jade Sect had collapsed. The ground around Icy Jade Sect had cracked and many of the tall and big stone mountains in the distance had cracked and shattered.

... ....

"What happened just now?" Someone came here and went in? " An old man with a grim expression exuded an evil aura.

"It should be! That seems to be the aura of a powerful beast. " When an old man felt the evil Qi, his eyes flashed with a trace of fear.

"This beast is in a reverse stage of life! It had been a long time since such a situation had occurred! God Ice Ancestor, why did such a thing enter this mysterious barrier? Should we inform the other sects of this matter and have them come over to destroy it together... "

"No need, this must be kept a secret. Even if an elder made a mistake while cultivating, it was only to cause such a commotion." The Divine Ice Ancestor waved his hand and said, "The person who goes in will definitely come out again. This is the place that that person secretly left behind. There must be something hidden inside."

The other ten or so old men nodded. They were all from World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, but they were all afraid of the Divine Ice Ancestral Founder.

... ....

Little White Fox was still far from the Icy Jade Sect, and sensing the fluctuation just now, she was very worried. Right now, she could only clench her teeth and keep her distance from here;

... ....

After Chen Xiang passed through the high wall, he felt a lot more at ease. He released his illusion body and then split up to search the forest, very quickly finding a huge boulder in the middle of the forest.

The entire forest was filled with trees, and only the giant rock in the middle of the forest could be seen.

"Where is the passage to leave this place?" is it in this stone? " Chen Xiang pushed forcefully, but was unable to move the rock.

When Xiao Xianglin came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, she looked around and shouted in shock, "This is a piece of Tao-creation’s sacred crystal!"

"Holy Crystal of the Tao-creation?" Chen Xiang was startled, he retreated a few steps and looked at the gigantic boulder the size of a small hill. This was actually the Tao-creation Holy Crystal, he had never seen anything this big before.

"Moreover, it’s a special piece of Tao-creation Divine Crystal. It has been refined using a clever technique. Xiao Xianglin pressed his hand on the stone, sensing the inside, his face full of surprise.

"Could this be a Transmission array?" Chen Xiang exclaimed.

"It’s very possible... There are many incantations similar to the Time Curse and the Space mantra, but they are much more complicated than the two incantations and should have been evolved from the two incantations. If my guess is not wrong, the Supreme Mantra must have undergone some special modifications or evolved from them, and based on the evolution of the nine types of ordinary Tao-creation incantations, they eventually formed into the Legendary mantra. "

Xiao Xianglin looked at the extremely complex and different types of incantations, feeling deep understanding of them.

Chen Xiang could only listen patiently by the side. If Xiao Xianglin wanted to discover the secret of this gigantic Tao-creation Holy Crystal, he would definitely need some time.

"Wait a minute, I will record all of the incantations. I feel that I can use this as a reference in the future and create an extremely strong space-time Transmission array. Perhaps, it can be used to transfer the Divine Dragon Lake that you are talking about." Xiao Xianglin said, which also made Chen Xiang excited.

Chen Xiang did not know what method Xiao Xianglin used, it only took three days to remember it all. Although she did not grasp the various incantations, but it was recorded in her mind. The main reason was that the Tao-creation Incantation was evolved from the normal Tao-creation Incantation, so she could quickly brand it in her mind, it was the Incantation Heaven Master’s Inherent Skill.

"I’m going to open it now!" Xiao Xianglin said: "Activating it is very simple, as long as you trigger an incantation inside, you can absorb the energy of this huge Tao-creation Holy Crystal."

Chen Xiang hurriedly nodded: "Hurry up and open it!"

The rock trembled and then suddenly turned white. Covered in white light, Xiao Xianglin’s hand also sunk into the rock, then she pulled Chen Xiang and entered the rock. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After entering, they found themselves in a different place. It was a cave, and there was an identical stone here as well. In front of the stone, there was even a man.

"Big... "Big brother!" The man was Song Longprofound, he looked at Chen Xiang as if he had seen a ghost, his eyes widened and shouted.

"Long Xuan, why are you here? "What kind of place is this!?" Chen Xiang also had a look like he had seen a ghost, and shouted loudly.