Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had met Song Longprofound before, in the city outside of Tao-creation Ancient Place. They had chatted for a while, and at that time, Song Longprofound had been acting mysterious. He had not expected that they would meet here.

"I wanted to ask you! Did you come out of this stone? I have to find Master! " Song Longprofound shouted: "Master told me to guard this stone, he said that if anyone comes out, I have to tell him immediately. Big brother, wait here for a while."

"Who exactly is your master?" Chen Xiang wanted to grab Song Longprofound and ask for the details, but Song Longprofound ran very fast and disappeared without a trace.

Chen Xiang looked at Xiao Xianglin and said: "Could it be that this guy’s master is Tao-creation Divine Lord?"

Xiao Xianglin shook his head: "It shouldn’t be, it doesn’t look like it no matter how we look at it. We’ll find out after we wait here for a while."

Not long after, Song Longprofound walked in with an old man. Seeing the old man, Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin were both stunned.

"Senior Luo!" Chen Xiang shouted in shock.

Song Longprofound’s master was actually Luo Jiuyang, this was beyond Chen Xiang’s expectations.

Xiao Xianglin, on the other hand, didn’t think much of it. He was a very fanatical person of the Tao-creation’s incantations, so it was normal for him to take a fancy to Song Longprofound’s Inherent skill.

Luo Jiuyang was definitely with the Tao-creation Divine Lord now. When he was outside of the Tao-creation Ancient Place earlier, he had obviously been ordered to do something.

"Chen Xiang, Xiang Luan! You came out of this rock? " Luo Jiuyang was also very surprised. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

When Song Longprofound saw that he had a good relationship with his master, he felt that it was strange. Previously, he had always kept his identity a secret from Chen Xiang.

"Yes, we were in Tao-creation Ancient Place before." Chen Xiang said: "That’s a long story! Oh yeah, Senior, have you seen Sister Qin Shuang yet? "

"I saw it!" After these few girls found me, they were arranged by me to be in a safe place. Luo Jiuyang said: "You must have heard about the things outside while you were in Seven Mountains Divine Island, right .... Especially some Tao-creation Evil Ancestor’s. "

"I heard about the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor a long time ago." Chen Xiang nodded.

"Brother, actually, that is not Tao-creation Evil Ancestor ..." Song Longprofound immediately said.

"I know, that’s the Tao-creation Divine Lord, right?" Chen Xiang laughed: "I just found out, that Sects from Seven Mountains’s First Tao-creation Ancestor is the real bad guy."

"How do you know that?" Luo Jiuyang looked at Song Longprofound and immediately shook his head, indicating that he did not say anything. He also felt that it was strange, Chen Xiang did not know about this before he entered the Tao-creation Ancient Place.

Xiao Xianglin observed the stone behind him. It was the stone that they had come out of before.

Senior Luo, have you guys not passed through this stone and entered the Tao-creation Ancient Place? Xiao Xianglin frowned and asked: "Could it be that this stone can only be left from the inside, and can’t be entered from here?"

"No, you can go back and forth ..." It’s just that Tao-creation Divine Lord had an accident while refining it, and needed to activate the incantation from the other block! Since you guys came here, you have already activated all kinds of incantations, so now we can enter the Seven Mountains Divine Island. " Speaking of this matter, Luo Jiuyang was more joyous: "If you hadn’t come, we don’t know when we would have been able to enter the Seven Mountains Divine Island."

"So that’s how it is!" Xiao Xianglin had a great harvest from the Holy Crystal Stone over there and was able to learn a variety of incantations.

Suddenly, someone walked into the cave. It was a young man.

"Senior Gu." Chen Xiang immediately shouted.

"Greetings, Senior Gu!" Xiao Xianglin laughed.

"It’s you two youngsters!" Once Gu Tong came here, he could already guess what was going on. He smiled: "I really didn’t expect that you all had actually helped us enormously."

"Is Tao-creation Divine Lord busy right now? I want to ask him something. " Chen Xiang said: "Is it convenient?"

"Of course it’s convenient. Big bro, you helped him so much, so he will definitely be very grateful to you." Song Longprofound laughed: "Come, let’s go see Tao-creation Divine Lord!"

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin followed them out of the cave, into a forest, and arrived at a small wooden hut.

Inside the small hut, there was a white-haired old man dressed in a black robe who was reading a book seriously. He looked to be a very benevolent old man, and his entire body emitted a sense of righteousness.

"Big brother!" After Luo Jiuyang entered, he shouted lightly: "This little brother here is Chen Xiang, I mentioned this to you before, do you remember?"

When Tao-creation Divine Lord was reading, he did not seem to know anything about what was happening outside. Therefore, when Song Longprofound came here to call Luo Jiuyang a moment ago, he did not know either.

Hearing Luo Jiuyang’s words, he then turned to look at Chen Xiang.

Tao-creation Divine Lord had a faint smile on his face. His eyes were filled with gentleness but also incomparable profoundness. Chen Xiang felt that he must have been seen through by Tao-creation Divine Lord.

The smile on Tao-creation Divine Lord’s face grew wider, especially after seeing Xiao Xianglin.

Chen Xiang also did not expect that Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong would actually greet Tao-creation Divine Lord.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin bowed towards the Tao-creation Divine Lord.

"How did you know about that mysterious passage?" Not many people know about this! " Tao-creation Divine Lord stood up and walked in front of Chen Xiang and the others, and asked with a smile.

"Uncle Shi told me." Chen Xiang said: "Do you know him?"

"So it’s Uncle Shi! You see him, and there’s nothing wrong with him, and it seems very extraordinary! " Tao-creation Divine Lord was surprised, he knew very well where his Uncle Shi was, it was extremely dangerous. No matter who it was, without the blood of the Eighth Patriarch, his Uncle Shi would respect the Eight ancestor contract map and kill them.

Even if one of the Eight Patriarchs were to go over, they would still be attacked.

"I used to use this." Chen Xiang released a transparent illusion.

"So that’s how it is!" Tao-creation Divine Lord laughed out loud. "No wonder, it’s all thanks to you that we have a way to enter the Tao-creation Ancient Place, if not, who knows how long we would have to wait, and when you guys came over, did you encounter any danger?"

"It’s very dangerous!" Chen Xiang told Tao-creation Divine Lord about the many powerful warriors surrounding him.

After the Tao-creation Divine Lord heard this, his expression became somewhat serious, "They actually built a sect outside."

Xiao Xianglin sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang at this time, reminding him that Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong had already stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong had stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank s, this clearly had something to do with the Tao-creation Divine Lord.

"Chen Xiang, didn’t you just say that you have something to ask?" Gu Tong said.

"Right, Senior, how can we leave the Tao-creation Ancient Place?" Chen Xiang asked quickly.

"I took a Paternoster beast as a disciple, it’s Chen Xiang’s junior sister, she’s not that kind of ferocious beast." Xiao Xianglin asked: "Is there any way to let her leave the Tao-creation Ancient Place?"

After the Tao-creation Divine Lord heard this, he laughed loudly: "This is easy! Just give this pill to her to eat. " This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!