Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang told the Uncle Shi everything that happened.

"It seems like he is still the same as always. So cautious. As long as he can find help, that’s enough." The Uncle Shi sighed. Right now, he couldn’t go out and help the Tao-creation Divine Lord.

"Uncle Shi, Tao-creation Divine Lord seems to be a bit weak. Is he injured?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course not! His strength has always been like this. Truthfully speaking, in a one on one fight, even ten of him won’t be my match. " Uncle Shi laughed: "But... His most formidable aspect was the array he had set up for refining pills. This was his most terrifying aspect. It was all thanks to him that I was able to become so strong. "

"Then why isn’t he strong? He can eat pills to make himself stronger! " Chen Xiang never thought that the Tao-creation Divine Lord was actually an alchemist master, if not he would definitely ask for guidance.

"I also think it’s strange. I asked him, but he just smiled and did not answer! If he had had enough strength, he wouldn’t have been sealed by the seven half evil Tao-creation Divine Lord back then. " Uncle Shi did not understand either.

"Uncle Shi, I’m leaving the Tao-creation Ancient Place. I don’t know when I’ll come back again. I really hope to meet you again." Chen Xiang said.

"I also wish to meet you. There will definitely be a chance in the future. Be careful on your way." The Uncle Shi laughed. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Un, farewell!" Chen Xiang bid farewell to the Uncle Shi through his illusory body.

Chen Xiang rode on his Six Realms mirrors and quickly flew at a low altitude to return to Fighting Glorious City.

Little White Fox was very lively in You Yao Mountain Villa, mainly because he was playing with her. He split himself into two clones, and there were a total of three Little White Fox s. Each of them had nine tails, which was what Long Xueyi liked the most.

Little White Fox had already learned the Doppelgänger mantra, so she was going to study the World Defying Dan grain with Xiao Xianglin, because she had two clones that could do even more things.

... ....

Fighting Glorious City had already become a legend here, and Yang Genming’s Becoming Famous Fighting Team was also a very famous team.

With Yang Genming’s help, Hua Liqing opened a very large shop. She had a lot of pill formulas, had the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals and was even someone close to Chen Xiang.

Hua Liqing was just like how she was in the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, as long as the Alchemist swears on her blood oath did not leak the pill formulas that she provided, she would help them refine it.

In a short period of time, Hua Liqing’s shop was filled with sound and color, and she was not worried about people causing trouble, because there was not only the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, an expert, but also a Violent Saber Fighting God.

Violent Saber Fighting God had already stepped into World Defying Stage Legendary Rank after eating a large number of Emotional heart Dan s from Chen Xiang. At the moment, he also owed Chen Xiang a sum of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, so even if he paid it back, he would still follow Chen Xiang in the future.

Chen Xiang was currently inside the City Lord’s Mansion, drinking with Yang Genming.

"Boss Shen, you really make me jealous. You actually have two helpers from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank by your side." Yang Genming’s face was filled with envy as he laughed, "Alchemist is indeed powerful. Oh right, Boss Shen, you seem to have a divine pill that can allow people to enter World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, so when will you be able to breakthrough? "

"Whether or not I can break through depends on the person. I’m not suited for that kind of pill myself." Chen Xiang sighed.

"Feng Lanyi and Lie Dao both use fire, and you also use fire. Both have a common characteristic!" Yang Genming frowned: "Why can’t you?"

"Although my fire is very strong, it’s not the power of my major. I also cultivate other powers on the road." Chen Xiang had cultivated for a certain amount of time and spatial energy, moreover it had been for many years.

"So that’s how it is." Yang Genming sighed.

"Don’t worry, if I were to make that pill, I will definitely let City Lord have a taste of it." Chen Xiang laughed.

"I knew Boss Shen would take care of me." Yang Genming laughed loudly and poured some wine for Chen Xiang.

"Oh right, City Lord, has there been any activity from the Seven Sects during this period?" Chen Xiang asked, he already knew that the Tao-creation Ancient Place hid the strongest power of the Seven Great Sects.

"No!" Yang Genming frowned: "It’s terrifyingly calm!"

"Then is there an old man named Yan Jiu looking for you? He’s my friend! I met him and told him to come find you! " Chen Xiang asked again.

"Yan Jiu? "No!" Yang Genming shook his head.

Chen Xiang had told Yan Jiu before to come to the Fighting Glorious City to find Yang Genming, but he didn’t come.

"City Lord, you have to be wary of the Seven Great Sects." Chen Xiang said in a serious tone.

"I know! "I’ve lived for so long, and I can feel that the Seven Great Sects seem to be planning something. What they’ve done recently is extremely abnormal, and I’ve sent people to keep an eye on them. Their activities outside have decreased a lot." Yang Genming said: "They have suddenly become very low-key."

"Because of the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor outside, nobody knows anything about the matters outside during this period." Chen Xiang said in a low voice: "City Lord, you might not know this, but Tao-creation did not destroy the Tao-creation’s ice mountain.

"Oh? "Why is that?" If it were not for what Chen Xiang said, Yang Genming would not have believed it. He knew clearly how many lives would be lost if he were to destroy a Tao-creation Mountain, yet Icy Jade Sect did such a thing.

"There is a barrier inside the Tao-creation’s Ice Mountain, and at that time, the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor had just reached the Tao-creation’s Ice Mountain." Chen Xiang said.

After Yang Genming heard this, he frowned and said, "They want to kill Tao-creation Evil Ancestor ... But it did not succeed, they were willing to sacrifice everything for the sake of killing the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, there must be some secret behind it. "

"I only know that Tao-creation Evil Ancestor was long dead, the one outside was not Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, and was initially sealed by them for many years, and Seven Mountains Divine Island was also not made from Tao-creation’s Evil Mountain." Chen Xiang said: "Back then, this matter was said by the Seven Great Sects themselves, so no one knew about it."

Yang Genming is such a sly old fox, he understood what was going on immediately: "Damn it, the Seven Great Sects wanted us to make our enemies into the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, then make us hate them, mistake them as the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, then make us enemies with this strong guy, in the end, we would fight to the death, truly too ruthless."

Yang Genming believed what Chen Xiang said, because he faintly felt that something was wrong. Currently, the Seven Mountains Divine Island was extremely sealed, and people outside could not enter, so they were naturally deceived by the Seven Great Sects.

"Boss Shen, how did you know about this?" Yang Genming asked.

"Yan Jiu told me! He was originally a disciple of the Fire Mountain School, and when I met him in the Tao-creation Ancient Place, he was chased by the Fire Mountain School! In the depths of the Tao-creation Ancient Place lies the true strongest power of the Seven Great Sects! " Chen Xiang’s words startled Yang Genming.

"Could it be that all seven First Tao-creation Ancestor s are inside there?" Yang Genming’s face became gloomy: I had already suspected that the Tao-creation Ancient Place was the place where the most of the heaven and earth treasures were hidden!