Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Yang Genming had talked about many secrets of the seven major sects, making Yang Genming somewhat prepared for the things that would happen in the future, because no one knew what would happen next.

"Boss Shen, you actually knew so much when you entered the Tao-creation Ancient Place. If it wasn’t for you, I still don’t know what would happen in the future. The Seven Mountains Divine Island would probably be facing a huge battle." Yang Genming said.

Chen Xiang did not tell Yang Genming about him meeting the Tao-creation Divine Lord.

"The Seven Mountains Divine Island was occupied by those half evil First Tao-creation Ancestor, they will definitely think of a way to enslave us soon, so if the Tao-creation Divine Lord appears, it might become a battlefield in the future." Chen Xiang said.

Yang Genming nodded his head: "I have to start preparing now."

"Me too, I need to go back first. I need to hurry up and think of a way to enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank." Chen Xiang’s Red fire dragon was very strong, but because his cultivation was too weak, he was unable to unleash the power of the Red fire dragon.

Chen Xiang left the City Lord’s Mansion and returned to the shop. At the same time, Hua Liqing was calling the customers who came to buy pills, and Xiang’er was helping them out as well.

This shop was a total of twenty stories tall, and there were many Alchemist refining pills on top of the shop, while Chen Xiang and the others lived in the backyard of the shop.

Fierce Blade was mainly responsible for the order of the shop, preventing people from causing trouble. When Chen Xiang returned, he told him that if anyone messed around in the shop, he would immediately beat that person up and throw that person outside.

Hua Liqing was currently the shopkeeper of the shop, and an important person in the shop. Feng Lanyi was worried that the people of Wood Mountain Sect would harbor hatred in their hearts, so she came over to take revenge on Hua Liqing, hence she had to protect Hua Liqing.

Chen Xiang was currently in a secret room in the backyard.

After Xiao Xianglin grasped two of Little White Fox’s Supreme Mantra s, he began to research and create the World Defying Dan grain, and this was what Chen Xiang was looking forward to the most.

On the way back from Tao-creation Ancient Place, Chen Xiang had been studying the World Defying Dan grain for a few days. During this time, he had been studying the World Defying Dan grain at the Time array.

Not long after Chen Xiang stayed in the secret room, Xiao Xianglin came out from the Time array.

"I’ve finally done it. I just wonder how it’s going to turn out!" I added Little White Fox’s Pressure mantra and Qi Gathering Incantation, these two Supreme Mantra! Of course, the [Rebirth] and [Derivation] Tao-creation Incantations are inside, so it’s quite complicated. " Xiao Xianglin handed over a huge crystal to Chen Xiang, inside which was the World Defying Dan grain she had just made.

"You have mastered all of the Tao-creation’s incantations, so learning it shouldn’t be too difficult. The only ones that should be bothering you should be those Supreme Mantra." Xiao Xianglin said.

"I’ll try!" Chen Xiang said: "Master, this kind of World Defying Dan grain must have a name, right?"

"Hmm ..." Xiao Xianglin pondered for a moment, and said: "Let’s call it Huajing Dan grain s! I feel that the effect is definitely better than that of the Flying Dan grain, and that the worst case scenario would be the same as that of the Flying Dan grain. At least when you sell it, you don’t need to worry about the Fire Mountain School causing any trouble, because this is your unique World Defying Dan grain. "

Chen Xiang had many World Defying god-becoming Dan s with Flying Dan grain carved on them, but these pills could not be sold. The main reason was because there were Flying Dan grain inside, so he could only secretly sell them to Yang Genming.

"I wonder if the elixirs will be able to evolve by then." Chen Xiang looked at the extremely complex Huajing Dan grain. He didn’t know if it could still be as fast as when he was learning Flying Dan grain.

"I don’t know. I’ve already added Rebirth Spell!" "If you can’t, then you can only work hard to refine it." Xiao Xianglin said: "I still haven’t figured out the secrets to the pill spirit."

Pill spirit was the highest quality form of the pill, and it was produced after a series of steps, the process was rather complicated and difficult.

"Then I’ll go try out the Huajing Dan grain first." Chen Xiang entered the secret room and began refining.

The Six Realms mirrors s were all given to Su Meiyao and the others to use. They were going to cultivate now, and step into the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

In the secret room, Chen Xiang took out Tianchuang furnace s, placed them inside the ingredients needed to refine World Defying god-becoming Dan, and then began to refine them as usual. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After he finished using the derivation method and was about to condense the pill, he started to inscribe the Huajing Dan grain.

If it was the past, he would definitely have first condensed the Huajing Dan grain in the air before starting to refine pills. But now, he was concocting pills mainly for the sake of being able to enter the Huajing Dan grain during the time when he was more familiar with concocting pills.

Because he was not familiar with this kind of Huajing Dan grain, Chen Xiang failed when he first started carving the Huajing Dan grain.

Failure was failure, but he could accumulate valuable experience from failure.

"Looks like I don’t have a good grasp of the best timing between condensing a medicinal pill and inscribing a Huajing Dan grain." Chen Xiang had failed the moment he started carving the Huajing Dan grain, and this was mainly because there were some problems with the Medicine crystal. The Medicine crystal was still too big and loose, and had to consume a large amount of energy to create the Huajing Dan grain.

The second time, Chen Xiang started to inscribe the Huajing Dan grain when it was more sturdy.

"I don’t know if this Huajing Dan grain will be like the Flying Dan grain before, consuming a large amount of my life force and blood." When Chen Xiang was inscribing Flying Dan grain, it was already extremely dangerous. If it wasn’t for him having a lot of helpers in the You Yao Mountain Villa, he would have met with trouble while inscribing Flying Dan grain.

This time, the process of refining the Huajing Dan grain was extremely smooth.

However, I have become familiar with the Flying Dan grain. When I was inscribing this Huajing Dan grain, I became very familiar with it, and Master still retained a certain amount of the charm of the Flying Dan grain, allowing me to inscribe it even faster. "

Xiao Xianglin did indeed have this thought, but she didn’t think that Chen Xiang would learn the Huajing Dan grain so quickly.

It could be said that the first time Chen Xiang had encountered a Huajing Dan grain could be said to be an easy task, without any obstructions, and was as smooth as if he was inscribing a Flying Dan grain. He could also tell that the Huajing Dan grain had changed a lot when compared to the Flying Dan grain, but he did not feel it was difficult.

Using World Defying Dan grain to refine pills was one of the hardest things to create. Yan Jiu had studied Flying Dan grain for a long time and still did not make any progress.

Chen Xiang was easily able to get past this stage. His talent in controlling World Defying Dan grain s was much faster than Xiao Xianglin’s skill in learning incantations.

And the most difficult stage that would happen next would be a huge challenge to Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang would have to let the Huajing Dan grain awaken and let the energy within the Huajing Dan grain erupt forth in order to give the divine pellet a strong effect.