Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The process of awakening the Pill Mark was long and difficult. Fiction). Update quick reads;.

When Chen Xiang reached this stage, he released the second stage of Time Formation, so that he wouldn’t be in closed-door training for too long, because there might be something happening outside, so he couldn’t practice alchemy for too long.

"I have the Red fire dragon this time, so I shouldn’t be in such a sorry state." Chen Xiang thought, the first time he let the Flying Dan grain awaken, it was already extremely dangerous, and he had lost half his life.

"It’s time to infuse life energy." Chen Xiang had condensed nine incantations for regeneration above his own Divine Sense Sea, which could allow the sea water in his Divine Sense Sea to quickly regenerate.

The sea water meant that he had a lot of power. If he consumed it too quickly, he would be able to quickly replenish it through the incantation.

Through an array refined by Xiao Xianglin, after Chen Xiang infused his proud power into it, he would be able to condense a large amount of life force, and then infuse it into the Huajing Dan grain.

The large amount of life force that he released was smoothly channeled into the Huajing Dan grain, but after a few hours, he felt that something was amiss.

"The rate at which life force is being absorbed is getting faster and faster!" Chen Xiang suddenly felt that the Huajing Dan grain was a bottomless pit, crazily devouring the energy of life.

"This is bad... What was going on? This Huajing Dan grain is too dishonest! " Chen Xiang could feel the blood Qi in his body draining away. He had not started to bleed nor did he have such a thought.

However, the Huajing Dan grain could devour the blood and Qi of his body directly through the Tianchuang furnace.

"Junior Sister, come out and help me!" Chen Xiang anxiously shouted, letting Little White Fox exit the You Yao Mountain Villa, at the same time he had the Mei Jing Sisters channel the life force of all the ’flowers’ grass and trees in the You Yao Mountain Villa into his body.

After Little White Fox came out, the skin on his body started to wither and wrinkle. Panicking at once, he immediately split into two clones, and then pressed his hands on Chen Xiang’s back.

The three Little White Fox s fed the power of regeneration into Chen Xiang’s body, allowing the fresh blood in his body to quickly regenerate, if not Chen Xiang would become dried up like a human being.

"Junior Sister, it’s all thanks to you." Chen Xiang could feel his body recovering, and heaved a sigh of relief.

Little White Fox was from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and with the help of the three clones, he was able to release the power of rebirth using the nine Rebirth Incantation. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Senior Brother, your pill refining is really dangerous!" Little White Fox was also scared to the point that his face had turned white. This was because Chen Xiang was like a lamp that had run out of oil, his body was filled with an aura of death.

"I also did not expect it to be like this. I can only say that the Huajing Dan grain Master created was too powerful. I was able to encounter it, this kind of Huajing Dan grain would definitely allow the divine pellet to have a strong effect." Chen Xiang was ecstatic.

Little White Fox didn’t have much understanding of divine pellets before, and she had only occasionally heard of it from the disciples of the Seven Great Sects in Tao-creation Ancient Place. Ever since she had taken the divine pellet from the Tao-creation Divine Lord, she knew how powerful the divine pellet was.

"Junior Sister, are you bored?" Chen Xiang asked because Little White Fox had already been by her side for several hours.

"Of course not. How could it be boring to be together with senior apprentice-brother’s master?" Her three clones were delivering a large amount of power of regeneration to Chen Xiang at all times.

Not only did the Huajing Dan grain absorb the life energy, it also absorbed a large amount of Chen Xiang’s blood aura. The speed of absorption was tens of times faster than that of the Flying Dan grain.

"Senior Brother, if you refine this pill, what effect will there be after taking it?" Little White Fox asked.

"I don’t know for now, but it’s of great use!" Chen Xiang felt that it would be better than the World Defying god-becoming Dan s that were refined using Flying Dan grain s: "It should not be of much use to World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, but it will be beneficial to the people from the World Defying Stage Divine Rank."

Chen Xiang felt that when he ate a few of these pills, he would be able to directly step into the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

... ....

Outside Chen Xiang’s shop, many people were gathered around the big doors. City Lord Yang Genming was also there, while Hua Li Qing stood at the entrance.

"Wood Mountain Sect, don’t be so shameless. Explain to me clearly, what pill formulas does our store have to steal from you?" Hua Li was extremely angry, Wood Mountain Sect had indeed come to cause trouble.

Chen Xiang was worried too, because Mu Yijing, the owner of the Green Wood Fighting Team, was an important figure in the Wood Mountain Sect. He might even be someone who knew about the secret sects in the Tao-creation Ancient Place.

Mu Yijing had lost such a good helper from Azure Dragon Fighting God, and now that Dao had stepped into World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he was extremely angry, so he came.

"It’s the World Defying god-becoming Dan! Chen Xiang had stayed in the mountain of Wood Mountain in the Tao-creation before, and had even ’created’ many major events! At that time, he participated in a competition organized outside of Wood Mountain Sect, and used the World Defying god-becoming Dan to get number one, and obtained a Time array and a Tao-creation Holy Crystal as a reward! And according to the rules outside our Wood Mountain Sect, if the person obtaining victory in the competition wants to receive the prize, the divine pill formula for winning the competition will belong to our Wood Mountain Sect. "

Mu Yijing replied as he sneered: "Back then, because the outer sect elders taboo Chen Xiang’s strength, so there was nothing they could do about it, they could only give the rewards to Chen Xiang. Now that the inner sect of Wood Mountain Sect knows about this, they have a reason to seek an explanation."

"Nonsense." Hua Li Qing obviously knew how Chen Xiang won against the Time array, it was true that this was the case, but there was no pill formula to return to Wood Mountain Sect.

"Our request is also simple, it is that we are not allowed to sell any more World Defying god-becoming Dan in your shop! Chen Xiang is so strong, it’s not good for us to ask him for the pill formulas. " Mu Yijing said.

World Defying god-becoming Dan s could not be refined, and their effects were extremely strong. To be able to make a person at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage transform into a god, ten of them were the easiest to sell in the shop, and the most expensive.

If the store was not allowed to sell, then the income would definitely be reduced by a lot.

"Firstly, your Wood Mountain Sect must produce proof, proof that your Wood Mountain Sect’s competition has such rules." Yang Genming said: "It’s actually very easy to prove that. Let the person in charge of the competition, or the outer sect Leader of the Wood Mountain Sect come out and swear a blood oath to prove that the rule you spoke of just now is not fake."

Mu Yijing sneered: "How could I so easily swear a blood oath? Furthermore, because of the exchange with the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, the outer sect Leader s of the Wood Mountain Sect were already severely injured, and the casualties among the elders were even more severe. "

The Wood Mountain Sect’s outer sect Leader was definitely not heavily injured. Even though Yang Genming could not leave the place, he knew that Mu Yijing was lying and was only looking for an excuse to come here and play around.

"Alright, we can make Boss Shen swear a blood oath. When he participated in that competition, he did not violate the rules of the competition." Yang Genming continued, "I believe that Boss Shen will definitely be willing to clarify himself, making such a blood oath is also very easy."

The surrounding people nodded immediately. If Chen Xiang was willing to swear a blood oath, then Mu Yijing would be in trouble and would be punished!