Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Mu Yijing said fearlessly, sighing helplessly: "Based on what I know, back then Chen Xiang did not know of this rule, so swearing blood oaths on it was useless. Read the full text of the latest chapter -. 79xs. "

Someone from the crowd shouted, "Then you said that the elders of the Wood Mountain Sect were worried about Chen Xiang’s strength, so they had no choice but to let Chen Xiang leave! But Chen Xiang’s attitude is unyielding, so the only thing you can do is to let him go, and now you say that Chen Xiang doesn’t know this rule? "

"That’s right. If you don’t explain the rules to them, then let them participate in the competition in confusion. Then after the competition, you can explain the rules. Aren’t you trying to trick them?"

"There is a problem with your competition, it can’t be counted!"

Everyone shouted out loudly. The crowd was not stupid, and all of a sudden, they were filled with holes.

"Everyone, this person is the boss behind Green Wood Fighting Team." No one knew who was shouting from the crowd.

Everyone was shocked, because the bosses of the large battle squads were usually very mysterious, yet now they were capable of such people.

After finding out that he was the owner of the Green Wood Fighting Team, everyone suddenly realised. They were all angry and shouted for Yang Genming to deal with this trouble.

"Mu Yijing, if you still refuse to scram, don’t blame me for being impolite." Lie Dao said coldly.

Lie Dao had stayed in the Green Wood Fighting Team before, so it was unexpected for him to say such words. Everyone guessed that he might have already stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"If your Wood Mountain Sect wishes to prohibit our shop from selling World Defying god-becoming Dan, then you can take out evidence that is strong enough to prove that the World Defying god-becoming Dan’s pill formulas belong to your Wood Mountain Sect. Without any evidence, just by saying ’randomly’, who would believe you?" Hua Li Qing said angrily: "You are obviously causing trouble. Read the full text of the latest chapter "

Mu Yijing clenched his teeth as he glared at Yang Genming and Hua Li. He indeed did not have any evidence, he was already angered to the extreme, and he did not hope to succeed to cause such a ruckus.

"Why isn’t your store’s Boss Shen coming out yet? Is he afraid? " Mu Yijing laughed sarcastically: "Since it’s like this here, he still hasn’t come out, there is something in his heart, I can’t give him the proof, but what about him? Why don’t you dare to come out and confront me face to face? "

"Mu Yijing, what kind of competition were you talking about just now? This itself is full of holes. Feng Lanyi said coldly: "Our boss is in closed door cultivation to refine pellets, it is normal for him to not come out now."

Mu Yijing laughed out loud: "This is all your fault. Chen Xiang doesn’t dare come out, just feeling guilty."

He felt that his strength was not bad, being at the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. He was stronger than Feng Lanyi and Lie Dao who had just entered the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Even if it was Yang Genming, he would only be sharing the glory, and if they were to fight here, the entire city would definitely be destroyed. He was certain that Yang Genming would not make his move, otherwise, he would have already made his move.

"You are just making a ruckus without any reason. Scram and scram." Hua Li Qing clenched her jade teeth. She had a serious expression on her face and her fists were clenched tightly. It was obvious that she was doing her best to restrain herself.

Hua Li Qing glanced at Yang Genming, then sent a sound transmission to him, telling him not to act yet, and to wait for Chen Xiang to come out first.

"Haha, Chen Xiang doesn’t dare to come out, right?" Mu Yijing laughed and ridiculed.

"Who said I don’t dare to come out?" Chen Xiang’s voice transmitted over, causing his laughter to immediately stop.

"Boss Mu, am I just killing your Azure Dragon Fighting God and Bloody Costume Fighting God to win over a thousand of your Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals? Is there a need to be so hostile towards me? " Chen Xiang smiled.

Azure Dragon Fighting God and Bloody Costume Fighting God were both prepared to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and could be said to be incomparably precious. A thousand or so Tao-creation Holy Crystals was no big deal, as two World Defying Stage Legendary Rank s were equivalent to taking two of Mu Yijing’s arms.

Mu Yijing brought up the matter with a mischievous smile on his face. He was extremely pleased with himself, and was so angry that his muscles were twitching.

"You ... No more World Defying god-becoming Dan are allowed to be sold. " Mu Yijing grinded his teeth in anger, and spat out these words.

"I have a rough understanding of the situation. You’re obviously causing trouble." Chen Xiang sighed: "Boss Mu, please go back. I just finished refining pills and am a bit tired, so I won’t bother with you."

"Hmph, so what if I am here to cause trouble? What can you do to me? I am a core elder of the Wood Mountain Sect. You may not know how powerful my Wood Mountain Sect is, but I’ll tell you ... " When Mu Yijing said that, he sensed that something was amiss, because beside him, there were three females wearing white dresses with half a veil covering their faces.

These three women were really Little White Fox and her clone. She had already hidden her tail, she had been in the Tao-creation Ancient Place for so long, and she was also chased and killed by the people of the Wood Mountain Sect. Chen Xiang did not want her to be recognized just yet.

Although Little White Fox and her clone had half a veil over their faces, they were still able to recognize that they looked similar. Their eyes, eyebrows, foreheads and faces were all the same, like that of triplets.

"He already admitted that he was here to cause trouble, so there’s no other way! Do it! " Chen Xiang said.

Little White Fox was only at the peak of the early stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, but she had three of them and could even use Supreme Mantra s.

Mu Yijing immediately felt that these three identical white-clothed women were very strong. When he wanted to resist, he discovered that there was pressure coming from all directions, pressuring him to the point of him floating in the air.

Mu Yijing was pressured by the three Little White Fox s and was even lifted up into the air, causing him to be terrified in his heart. Because under the pressure, no matter how much power he released, he was unable to break through the pressure released by Little White Fox.

When Little White Fox was using the Pressure mantra, he had fused with the Increase spell, so the pressure was even stronger and more terrifying.

"Lan Yi, just release your strongest Phoenix flames and attack Mu Yijing." Chen Xiang whispered to Feng Lanyi.

Feng Lanyi also didn’t know when Chen Xiang had found three more powerful ’girls’, and they were much stronger than her and Lie Dao. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been able to subdue Mu Yijing in such a short period of time.

Yang Genming was stunned. After making a trip to the Tao-creation Ancient Place, he actually found three beautiful and powerful women.

Feng Lanyi pointed her palms at the hovering Mu Yijing and tenderly shouted as small blue phoenixes emerged from her palms one after another and flew towards Mu Yijing.

Little White Fox was secretly shocked when he felt the kind of beast type flame that Feng Lanyi possessed. After all, it was a phoenix and one of the kings of beasts.

The blue colored flame was merged into the pressure by Little White Fox using his Fusion spell, and then, this extremely pure blue phoenix fire, was forced towards Mu Yijing from all directions under the extreme pressure.

"Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah..." Mu Yijing screamed continuously, the burning flames had drilled into his body and caused his entire body to burn in pain.

"This is what happens when you cause trouble in my shop!" After Chen Xiang shouted, only a blue light flashed, and Mu Yijing instantly exploded. Because Little White Fox had released a pressure from all over the place, this power did not leak out at all, causing people to be amazed.

Mu Yijing died, and the most shocking thing was Yang Genming, because he had a thorough understanding of Mu Yijing and knew of his strength, yet, Mu Yijing was killed by someone like that, so he did not have any power to resist.

Little White Fox also quickly retreated into the shop, at the same time she also experienced the power that the body splitting technique brought her.