Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Mu Yijing was part of the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank and also the boss of a team. He was an important figure in the Wood Mountain Sect himself, but now, he had been killed off.

Everyone felt it was unbelievable, because in their eyes, the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank was very strong. However, after being attacked by three people at the same time, they didn’t even have time to resist, and turned into ashes.

At most, they would only be able to escape with serious injuries. However, they did not have that thought anymore, and did not know what power the three Little White Fox s used, to actually have such power.

Little White Fox looked naive and charming, but she had been in the Tao-creation Ancient Place for so many years, and had been through so many battles, she herself would often participate in battles. Her own strength was not weak, and she had Supreme Mantra s, even Chen Xiang did not expect her to be able to kill Mu Yijing in an instant.

"The store is still open for business. Please come in. We promise that we won’t let this happen again." Chen Xiang said with a smile, then also went to the backyard.

Feng Lanyi followed behind Chen Xiang, she wanted to see who this new companion was.

"Lan Yi, this is my junior sister, Little White Fox." Chen Xiang said with a smile, and then, he introduced Feng Lanyi to him as well. "She is Feng Lanyi, a Blue Fire Phoenix."

•

"It really is a phoenix. No wonder." Little White Fox smiled slightly and greeted Feng Lanyi.

"Junior Sister?" Feng Lanyi did not expect Chen Xiang to suddenly have a new junior sister, whose power was even more terrifying.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang laughed, "You must be very powerful!"

Feng Lanyi nodded her head. Little White Fox was indeed very strong, she had only come to the backyard and knew that it was not a triplet but a person. She saw that the other two were clones just now.

She felt that it was inconceivable that her clone could still be that strong. She did not know about the Doppelgänger mantra.

"Junior sister, if there’s nothing else, stay in the shop. I’ll arrange for Lan Yi to take you out for a walk." Chen Xiang said. The reason Little White Fox came out of Tao-creation Ancient Place was to see the outside world. Now that she had come out, Chen Xiang had not brought her out to play yet.

"Yes." Little White Fox nodded with a smile. She also really wanted to look around.

Hua Liqing was still busy outside. Chen Xiang would introduce Little White Fox to her and Lie Dao later on, then he would enter the secret room.

He had already successfully carved the Huajing Dan grain on top of a World Defying god-becoming Dan. He did not know what the quality of this World Defying god-becoming Dan was right now, because he did not eat it.

Instead, he gave the pellet to Jiang Lisi, who was still staring at it.

This kind of pill was extremely difficult to concoct, so Jiang Lisi was reluctant to eat it. Thus, he could only take the pill and feel its power to see if he could make her evolve.

Jiang Lisi quickly came to a conclusion.

"No way!" Jiang Lisi said as she returned the pill to Chen Xiang: "Elder Brother Shen, I don’t know the reason either. In short, we can’t consume this pill to evolve."

He couldn’t do it before, but after he added the regeneration incantation to the World Defying god-becoming Dan, he succeeded. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Is it the same as the World Defying god-becoming Dan that was refined using Flying Dan grain?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, I don’t know why, but I can feel that once I consume this pill, I cannot evolve, because there is a power contained within that pill that I cannot condense using my current cultivation." Jiang Lisi shook his head.

"Alright, I’ll have to refine it myself." The only thing Chen Xiang was sure of was that the effects of the pill in his hand would be very good. As for how good it was, he still had to taste it first before he would know.

Chen Xiang looked at the golden pill in his hand, those pill patterns were extremely beautiful and he was somewhat unwilling to eat it, just when he was about to put it in his mouth part-time, he suddenly thought of something.

"This pill should not be suitable for me to consume." Chen Xiang said. Then, he took a look at the women in the You Yao Mountain Villa, they had actually all stepped into the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

"Go find Xiang’er!" Chen Xiang immediately ran out of the secret room and brought Xiang’er inside.

Although she knew that Chen Xiang was a rascal, deep down in her heart, she was still looking forward to it. Her master, Xiao Xianglin did not seem to object, as Xiao Xianglin had previously said that he would give this pair of maids and sisters to Chen Xiang.

"Xiang’er, eat this pill." Chen Xiang passed the World Defying god-becoming Dan that was refined using Huajing Dan grain s to Xiang’er.

Just as Xiang’er was thinking about this, he received the pill from Chen Xiang.

"After eating it, I might be able to let you step into the Peak of World Defying magic realm." Chen Xiang chuckled, and then pinched Xiang’er’s beautiful and rosy cheeks.

"Really?"

Xiang’er was from the Late period of World Defying magic realm, and she had also eaten Chen Xiang’s medicinal pellet, all the way until her breakthrough. However, she knew that if she wanted to enter the Peak of World Defying magic realm, she would need to eat even more high ranked World Defying god-becoming Dan, so she did not dare believe it.

"Let’s try it out. I’m not sure either. If it doesn’t work, it will at least help you improve greatly." Chen Xiang said.

"En!" Xiang’er nodded, then ate the pill.

Chen Xiang used a Triple time field on her and waited for her outside. The Triple time field could make the time difference between the inside of the domain and outside even larger.

Chen Xiang waited outside for a while before Xiang’er shouted from inside the Time Domain, "Boss Shen, I’ve succeeded, I’ve broken through!"

Chen Xiang immediately withdrew his Time Domain.

"How long have you been refining it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Around twenty days!" Xiang’er was very happy, she did not expect herself to reach the peak of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank so quickly. If not for Chen Xiang’s pill, she would still be at the early or middle stages of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

"Hehe, this is all thanks to your big sister. Her World Defying Dan grain is very powerful." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Big Sister is indeed powerful, but Boss Shen is also very powerful, otherwise he would not have been able to concoct such a pill." Xiang’er smiled sweetly.

"My mouth is so sweet, I really want to kiss it!" Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly.

"Then kiss it!" Xiang’er blushed and said softly.

Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly, just as he thought about it, he suddenly thought of Xiao Xianglin. Although Xiao Xianglin previously said that he would give his servant girl to him, he did not know if it was a joke, so he dispelled the thought and only kissed Xiang’er’s beautiful face.

"Tell Liu’er that when I refine one pill, she will eat it. At that time, she will have the same breakthrough as you." Chen Xiang said.

"Mmm, boss, you’re so nice!" Xiang’er smiled sweetly and walked out of Chen Xiang’s secret room.

Chen Xiang was now certain of the effects of the pill. It allowed a person to progress from Late period of World Defying magic realm to the peak, and he named it the Peak dan.

"I can finally sell the Divine Pill Tattoo Pills." Chen Xiang did not know how much he could sell it for, but he had to first give Yang Genming some, and at the same time let him suggest the selling price.