Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 37:Generous Remuneration

Edited by:CloudGoat

Everyone stared blankly, originally they thought that the stone would just turn purple, but now Chen Xiang’s fists blasted it into smithereens, not even the Strength measuring stone was able to bear his violent power.

Before there were those who turned the strength measuring stone into either blue or purple, and they were already considered leaders of the younger generation.But now Chen Xiang smashed the Strength measuring stone, obviously Chen Xiang’s strength lad already surpassed those people!

Chen Xiang was shocked with his own result, but now since he has broken the Strength measuring stone, he feared that the Yao family would ask for compensation.

"Did........did I pass?I did not intend to smash it, I just wanted to use the strongest power for the test, I did not expect my luck to be this good, and suddenly smash it!"Chen Xiang scratching his head grinned.

Everyone was looking at him with contempt, smashing the stone with luck, only an idiot would believe that bullshit.

"Passed!"The person in-charge thought if this is not considered a pass, then no one will be able to pass.

An additional stamp was added to his sheet, allowing him to participate in the King City martial art tournament.

Chen Xiang let out a deep breath, apparently the Yao family was not going to ask compensation for the Strength measuring stone.

Certainly, this was not Chen Xiang’s entire strength, as he was only using fire and wood attribute Qi, and the other three attribute True Qi still haven’t been used it, if all five attribute True Qi has been fused, it would have been even more powerful. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

He had been practising for many days just to perfect the fusion between fire and wood attribute Qi, complementing one another, and turning into a more powerful True Qi, it was also the one of the main reasons for Chen Xiang to be a difficult opponent among the same level!

Chen Xiang immediately started refining pills just after returning from the registration, even at this age, the pills refined by him were better than many of old alchemists, this is what Chen Luzhong said.

In the past few days he had learnt a lot of alchemy skills and experiences from Su Meiyao, and shared them with Chen Luzhong, Chen Luzhong had also benefited a lot from them, but Chen Luzhong thought that they were Chen Xiang’s own perception, so he admired his nephew more and more.

Ten days passed quickly, in the small courtyard of his, six fist sized golden fruit were shinning.As the sunlight shone on them, a very attractive golden glow was glittering.Near them one could feel the intense spirit Qi emitted by the Metal spirit fruit.

"This is a profound level high-grade spirit fruit ah!I wonder what it’s taste like!"Chen Xiang forcefully swallowed his own saliva, if those old alchemist came to know about his idea, he would be immediately beaten to pulp, eating a Metal spirit fruit was simply throwing it away.

Chen Xiang cautiously picked up six shinning golden Metal spirit fruit, and after placing them inside his storage pouch, left the store in a hurry and arrived at a place nearby Danxiang herbal manor which was completely focused on seeking alchemist to help in alchemy, he had already prepared a notice to affix.

"Chen family Dan king hall, recruiting three alchemists capable of refining mortal level high-grade pills, remuneration-Metal spirit fruit.........."

Above he also wrote his name and address, although he had six Metal spirit fruit, he was going to leave some for his own use, after all this Metal spirit fruit is also very useful in refining Building foundation dan.

Chen Xiang returned to store and patiently waited, he knew many alchemists will soon be attracted by the reward and come here, after-all a Metal spirit fruit is a priceless profound level high-grade spirit fruit, every alchemist desired them, soon he will be able to attract many alchemists.

Chen Xiang did not have to wait for long, someone immediately came and asked for him, to his surprise it was not an alchemist but someone he is already acquainted with, Danxiang Herbal manor lord----Hua Yueyun!

Chen Luzhong was also quite confused, he did not know anything about Chen Xiang using Metal spirit fruit for hiring alchemists, otherwise he would already been jumping around.

Hua Yueyun got down from the horse carriage, and directly rushed into the store, at this moment she did not conceal her face with a veil, seemingly elegant and noble in her snow-white dress, .

Chen Xiang immediately asked after noticing the resentment on her beautiful and elegant face:"Manor lord Hua, what happened?"

"Humph!"

With a low snort, Hua Yueyun asked with a serious face:"Did you really use Metal spirit fruit as remuneration for recruiting alchemists?"

Chen Luzhong surprised for a moment, then quickly took a glance at Chen Xiang.

"What’s the problem?Is it not allowed?"

Watching Chen Xiang nodding his head and spreading his hands as he spoke, Chen Luzhong was stunned and uttered a shriek, immediately after he shouted:"YOU BRAT, YOU ACTUALLY HAVE METAL SPIRIT FRUIT, AND YOU’RE USING IT FOR REMUNERATING ALCHEMISTS, ARE YOU CRAZY?"

One can only come across Metal spirit fruit serendipitously, they are very rare, ordinarily people who have Metal spirit fruit will only use it for themselves, while just selling its peel and the seed.

Cough Cough!

Chen Xiang placed two shinning golden fruit on the table, suddenly bizarre spirit Qi drifts out form them, which even made Chen Luzhong and Hua Yueyun scared!

They didn’t expect for Chen Xiang to have two of them.

"You.....you......you"Chen Luzhong was left speechless.

Hua Yueyun took a deep breath, after all she was from a big sect, and already had seen the world, but it was still inconceivable for her to see Chen Xiang at such a young age, to actually have such a treasure.

Thousand vein fruit, Hell spirit grass, Thousand year beast dan, and now Metal spirit fruit, all of them were very precious and acquired by him.

At this moment, Chen Xiang came up with one more Metal spirit fruit, both of them shuddered once again, Chen Xiang just chuckled and said:"GrandUncle, I know you like to remain hidden, thus I give these three Metal spirit fruit to you for safekeeping, one is for your own use, while the other two for remuneration for recruiting alchemists, at the time when these alchemists come, they will all be reviewed by you."

Hua Yueyun looking at the three shinning golden fruits on the table, nibbled her tender lips, an indescribable complexion visible on her face.In her opinion, Chen Xiang was a rare seedling of alchemy, and truly had a great chance in advancing to the true martial realm, but she just wasn’t able to entice Chen Xiang in joining Danxiang Taoyuan.

Chen Luzhong’s hands were trembling as he carefully received the Metal spirit fruits, after forcefully restraining his excited heart, said:"You brat, where did you get them?"

Chen Xiang randomly said:"Last night, while practising in mountains I came across a hidden place, the whole tree I moved it back."

"Metal spirit tree normally will bear five fruits, it seems you are now quite rich!"Hua Yueyun’s pair of enchanting myriads eyes gently winked at Chen Xiang, indescribably charming.

Chen Xiang tilted his head, avoiding her charming gaze, asked:"Manor lord Hua, what did you come here for?"

"Humph!"

"I wanted to see whether you truly had Metal spirit fruit?But this approach of yours is too high-profile, it will be very troublesome, previously the Yao family didn’t pay an ounce of attention to your Chen family Dan king hall, but as of now they will not allow you to open your shop smoothly as you are now using Metal spirit fruit to draw in alchemists."

"Who dares to stop us, I’ll kill them!"Chen Luzhong roared out in a majestic voice, he just received a Metal spirit fruit, given some time, he will be able to refine it into a pill, and thus breaking through his current bottleneck will be easy as pie.