Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Xiao Xianglin’s two clones were still trying to comprehend the two Legendary mantra, but her original body had become a lot more relaxed, because she had already created some World Defying Dan grain for Chen Xiang.

"Master, help me refine a better pill furnace. Follow the instructions of the Tianchuang furnace and make an identical one." Chen Xiang said. He now had the Tao-creation Divine Crystal, and Xiao Xianglin had mastered various incantations. He would definitely be able to create a very good pill furnace for him.

"No problem, I’ll ask Xiao Ke’er to help me. We’ll finish it very soon." Xiao Xianglin said, she was inside the Time array, she would definitely be fast.

At night, when the shop was closed, Feng Lanyi brought Little White Fox’s clone to wander around the city for an entire day before returning.

Chen Xiang came to Hua Liqing’s room.

"Sister Li Yi, did you get the Zaoyuan purple bamboo that was refined to make Yuanshen Dan?" Before he went to the Tao-creation Ancient Place, he had asked Hua Liqing to think of a way to purchase a Zaoyuan purple bamboo and a few high-grade Tao-creation Divine Medicines.

"There has been some progress. Someone has already promised me that they will get it. They should be able to get it within two days." Hua Liqing chuckled: "Xiang’er told me already, you have concocted a new type of pill, which can allow her to directly step into the Peak of World Defying magic realm, what kind of pill is it?"

"Peak dan! Sister Li Qing, how many Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals do you think we can sell this for? " Chen Xiang said: "Is that a pill?" Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Are you going to sell it?" Could it be that the World Defying Dan grain is not really a Flying Dan grain? " Hua Liqing was pleasantly surprised.

"Yes, it’s the Huajing Dan grain that my master just created." Chen Xiang laughed: "I feel that this can be sold at the price of the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal!"

Before, when Chen Xiang sold a group of high, middle, and low rank World Defying god-becoming Dan to Yang Genming, he only sold five Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals.

"That’s hard to say!" But I think people will buy it no matter how tall it is. " Hua Liqing frowned as he thought about it: "Because not everyone is able to step into the Peak of World Defying magic realm with their innate talent. According to my investigations, there are many elderly people here who are about to run out of talent, and these elderly people definitely have a certain amount of savings, if they are still not at the peak of the Peak of World Defying magic realm, then their lifespan will definitely be exhausted."

"In that case, this group of people is our main target." Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, people of the Late period of World Defying magic realm have a very long lifespan. They must have accumulated a lot of Tao-creation’s sacred crystals or other kinds of wealth." Hua Liqing said: "If it’s big, we can definitely quickly earn a large amount of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals."

The most important thing about the Tao-creation Holy Crystals was that they could store a large amount of energy. The effect was very good when used urgently, for example, he used them very quickly before, but when he put them in the water of the Divine Sense Sea, he could quickly recover.

"I will investigate the details. As long as I can figure out the price that this group of people can bear, then we will be able to set the price accurately." Hua Liqing said, "Then we can go and ask City Lord, he definitely needs a lot of these kinds of pellets."

Little White Fox had played enough today, so he could be considered to have experienced the world outside the Tao-creation Ancient Place. She entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, and played with Long Xueyi inside.

"The pill furnace you wanted is ready." Xiao Xianglin came out from the Time array s and took out a Tianchuang furnace, which was exactly the same as Chen Xiang’s current appearance.

Xiao Xianglin did not know what Chen Xiang was going to do with it either.

Chen Xiang was only worried that he would be too strong in refining the pellets, and that the Tianchuang furnace would be broken, so he asked Xiao Xianglin to refine one for him to use as backup.

"Refining the Peak dan first. This way, I can get familiar with the Huajing Dan grain. Once the materials to make the Yuanshen Dan are in place, refining and refining the Yuanshen Dan will be much easier." Chen Xiang had planned it this way. He felt that the current Peak dan would definitely sell for a decent price.

The time it took to refine a Peak dan was relatively long, and with Little White Fox’s help, Chen Xiang needed a year to refine one pellet.

In one breath, he refined more than ten pills before he was able to extract the Time Formation from the Six Realms mirrors. However, Little White Fox didn’t think much of it, because she liked to stay together with Chen Xiang and listen to his rambling.

Mu Yijing’s death shook all of Seven Mountains Divine Island’s large cities and sects. World Defying Stage Legendary Rank’s death in public was something that had happened before, but it would always result in an intense battle. It was not like this time, where he would be killed instantly.

Wood Mountain Sect did not make any movements at the moment, but they would definitely take their revenge. Even now, Wood Mountain Sect could not say anything, because Mu Yijing had initially admitted that he was going to cause trouble.

Everyone was clear about the rules of the Fighting Glorious City, it was normal to be killed by others if they went to cause trouble, not to mention that Yang Genming was also present.

Chen Xiang came to the City Lord’s Mansion.

"Boss Shen, you really have a plethora of talented people around you." Yang Genming sighed, he looked behind Chen Xiang, and did not see the three women with half-veiled appearance, Chen Xiang had come alone.

Little White Fox and her two clones frightened Yang Genming, because his strength was on par with Mu Yijing. This meant that killing him with three Little White Fox s was as easy as flipping his palm.

"They’re not here. They’re in the shop." Chen Xiang laughed: "City Lord, I have brought a good thing."

Chen Xiang refined eleven Peak dan and gave her one pellet so that she could have a breakthrough and once again verify the effectiveness of the Peak dan. Only then did he come to find Yang Genming.

As a City Lord, Yang Genming’s network in the Fighting Glorious City was very wide, and could help out a lot. He had previously helped Hua Liqing to purchase a lot of high-quality Tao-creation’s Divine Medicines.

"What good stuff?" Yang Genming asked anxiously.

Chen Xiang took out the Peak dan and smiled mysteriously: "City Lord, this is a Peak dan. As long as the Late period of World Defying magic realm is consumed, it can be refined for around twenty days or so, and you would be able to step into the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

Yang Genming inhaled a breath of cold air, nodded his head in shock: "Yes, yes! I didn’t expect Boss Shen to really produce such a pill. It’s definitely going to be worth a lot, and it’s also going to make you more famous. "

"I have ten of these. I prepared them first for City Lord." Chen Xiang laughed, took out ten Peak dan s and gave them to Yang Genming: "As for the price, City Lord, you decide for yourself."

Yang Genming was very clear about the benefits brought by the Peak dan. Firstly, it allowed people to quickly step into the Peak of World Defying magic realm. Although many people often went to the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum to watch the battles, there weren’t many people in the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

If he could quickly let the people from the Late period of World Defying magic realm reach the peak, then in the future, these people would definitely help him earn even more Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals and help him earn the money to buy Peak dan.

"Here!" Yang Genming passed Chen Xiang a Storage bag.

"One hundred Tao-creation Holy Crystals for one pellet?" Chen Xiang saw that there were a thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals inside, and was a little surprised, because Hua Liqing had told him before that most of the Peak of World Defying magic realm s could handle around fifty of them. This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!