Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Yang Genming smiled, "Boss Shen, your pills are definitely worth this price. If you don’t believe me, you can sell them to the public! I just don’t need that much right now, and I’m a bit tight on money, or I’ll buy as much as you have. "

The fact that Yang Genming was able to easily give this price showed that he was very clear on whether this price could be sold for or not.

"You don’t know how much value a Peak of World Defying magic realm can bring! Many of the people who were trapped to death in the Late period of World Defying magic realm possessed Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals. " Yang Genming shook his head and sighed, "Even if they are people that I have nurtured before, there are still many who are unable to step into the Peak of World Defying magic realm. Even if they eat pills, it would take a very long time and the amount of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals they require far surpasses a hundred."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "If that’s the case, then in the future, I’ll sell one hundred Tao-creation Divine Crystals!" When he returned, he would have to discuss it with Hua Liqing.

"City Lord, you go try out this Peak dan first! I’ve only tried it on two people before, and I want to see if it works on most people. " Chen Xiang said: "If it doesn’t work, I will return the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal to you."

"I’m sure it will work." Yang Genming was extremely confident in Chen Xiang. After seeing him out of the City Lord’s Mansion, he hurriedly went to arrange for people to give it a try.

Hua Liqing returned to the shop, and told Hua Liqing about this matter. Hua Liqing didn’t think that Yang Genming would actually use a hundred Tao-creation Divine Crystals to buy one, she had also decided to sell it at one hundred Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

Hua Liqing gave Chen Xiang a few dozen high grade Tao-creation Divine Medicines.

Chen Xiang gave the Tao-creation Divine Medicine to He Fengyuan to choose from, and wanted He Fengyuan to see if there were any that could fuse with the Zaoyuan purple bamboo. He could not just use the Zaoyuan purple bamboo to refine and create the Yuanshen Dan, it would be easy for others to discover, so he needed to add other Tao-creation Divine Medicines.

The Zaoyuan purple bamboo was already in his hands, and was as small as a finger, like a purple crystal. There were nine sections in total, Chen Xiang gave it to the Mei Jing Sisters to grow.

Little White Fox could also help a lot now. She had used the derived and regenerated incantations to quickly grow the medicinal herbs, and her second Supreme Mantra, the Qi Gathering Incantation, was also effective.

He Fengyuan took some time to mix the pill formulas together, and in this period of time, he had refined another ten or so Peak dan s.

When he came out of the Time Formation, Hua Liqing saw that he had arrived at the store. He hurriedly walked over and sent a sound transmission to him, "The City Lord is looking for you, he said that he has Supreme Mantra s for sale. I’m not too sure about the specifics, go and ask him."

Chen Xiang immediately walked out of the shop and went to look for Yang Genming.

"Boss Shen, your Peak dan is truly effective." Yang Genming had already used the Time array to let his subordinates enter the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

"That’s good! City Lord, you said that Supreme Mantra were being sold, what’s the specific situation? " Chen Xiang asked.

"This kind of Supreme Mantra is called the Blood extended spell! As long as I create this incantation, I will be able to quickly absorb energy and condense more powerful blood. " Yang Genming said: "According to the introduction, according to what I know, refining the Divine Pill Tattooed Pills requires a large amount of blood."

"Yes, looks like there will be a lot of people fighting over them." Every time he refined a Divine Pill, he would need to release a large amount of fresh blood. If he allowed Xiao Xianglin to merge the Blood extended spell into the Huajing Dan grain, then during the process of refining, all he needed to do was to provide energy.

"When the time comes, you won’t have enough Tao-creation Divine Crystals, so I can lend it to you." Yang Genming said: "There are still three days until the auction, I think. It will be sold by auction."

"Three days? "Alright!" Chen Xiang only had three days to prepare the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, he felt that it shouldn’t be a problem, at most, he would be tired.

"I can lend you twenty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals!" Yang Genming said: "This is something that I can currently use!"

"Thank you very much." Chen Xiang nodded, then hurriedly returned to the shop, told Hua Liqing about this matter, and then gave her ten Peak dan s.

"I’ll first sell these ten pills, then continue to refine them!"

Chen Xiang felt that if he and Little White Fox were to go all out, refining a hundred Peak dan inside the Time Formation without stopping was not a problem. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After refining three hundred Peak dan in three days, one Tao-creation Holy Crystal would be able to obtain thirty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals. Adding the twenty thousand that Yang Genming had borrowed, Chen Xiang felt that he would be able to obtain the Blood extended spell.

"Boss, how about I sell these ten pieces first and sell one hundred and fifty Tao-creation Divine Crystals? If no one buys it, I will lower the price. " Hua Liqing said: "Right now, none of us are sure of the price of this pill. I think we should go from the top to the bottom."

"That’s fine too!" Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I will go back to concoct pills, I will supply these pills for you guys to sell."

Chen Xiang planned to let Xiao Xianglin integrate the Blood extended spell into the Huajing Dan grain after he obtained it and then refine it into his Yuanshen Dan. Whether or not he could step into World Defying Stage Legendary Rank would depend on the creation of his Yuanshen Dan.

Owner Shen’s store could be said to be the most famous medicine shop in the Fighting Glorious City, so when Hua Liqing announced the Peak dan, it immediately caused a huge commotion, especially those trapped in the Late period of World Defying magic realm. They all rushed over quickly, but before long, the entrance of the shop was packed with people.

"Shopkeeper Hua, quickly tell us the price!"

"There are a lot of people already, so don’t keep us in suspense. Just say whatever you want. We can’t afford it, so we won’t say anything."

"It’s been tens of thousands of years, I have a lot of Tao-creation Divine Crystals, I don’t want to die with these Tao-creation Divine Crystals, so hurry up and tell me the price."

"I only have ten beads with me right now. I’ll use the drawing of lots to sell them to everyone." Seeing how enthusiastic everyone was, Hua Liqing was very happy and smiled: "The current price is one hundred and fifty Tao-creation Holy Crystals. Everyone is clear about the reputation of our shop, if there is no effect, we will double the price and exchange it for the Tao-creation Holy Crystals."

Everyone fell silent and started discussing softly. This kind of pill was not considered expensive and was not considered cheap, but many people felt that it was worth it. To be able to help a person break through a bottleneck and break through a realm, that was the same as being reborn.

"If you wish to purchase them, you can enter the main hall of our store and wait for the lots to be drawn." Hua Liqing said, and then a few old men with dead auras walked over.

Soon after, over a dozen people walked into the shop, with over a hundred people in the end.

Hua Liqing was very satisfied, because only a small number of people could come here. If people from other cities knew, there would definitely be more people coming.

After drawing lots, Hua Liqing quickly sold the ten Peak dan s in her hands for fifteen hundred Tao-creation Holy Crystals. This made her secretly excited, there would be even more Tao-creation Holy Crystals in the future. This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!