Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Chen Xiang found a hidden place to change back to his original appearance, and then returned to the shop.

"Sister Li Qing, for now, I will not refine the Peak dan. You can announce it so that there won’t be anyone waiting here every day." Chen Xiang said, he planned to wait for Xiao Xianglin to create a new Huajing Dan grain.

After Xiao Xianglin ate the crystal core, she quickly grasped the Blood extended spell, so she had already started to improve the Huajing Dan grain s. She did it inside the Time array s, so Chen Xiang did not have to wait for long outside.

Improving the Huajing Dan grain was a piece of cake to Xiao Xianglin, the Incantation Heavenly Master.

"Chen Xiang, when you use the new Huajing Dan grain to refine pills and activate the Pill Rune, you need to put the Tao-creation Holy Crystal in!" Xiao Xianglin said: "The speed at which this Blood extended spell absorbs energy is extremely fast, much faster than the speed of Huajing Dan grain from before. You are not from World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, so you might get sucked dry in an instant."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang said.

"Other than that, I have also improved the Rebirth Incantation and the Derivative Incantation. These two incantations can absorb the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals and release a large amount of power for regeneration to activate the Huajing Dan grain." Xiao Xianglin said: "At that time, you just need to place the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal inside the Tianchuang furnace. At that time, even without Little White Fox, you can refine it yourself."

"That’s great! "It’s good to have a master with the incantation." Chen Xiang laughed. "I’ll try it out right now."

Chen Xiang felt that refining a Peak dan could even be accepted as he would need to consume fifty of the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals per pellet. If he sold the hundred and fifty Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, he would still be able to earn a hundred.

"Just directly use the World Defying god-becoming Dan to inscribe it. This can be very fast." Chen Xiang had done the same thing before. The most difficult part was awakening the Huajing Dan grain, it would take around a year or so.

Chen Xiang placed the World Defying god-becoming Dan into the Tianchuang furnace, and after carving the Huajing Dan grain, the pill pattern immediately lit up, and quickly absorbed the energy.

Chen Xiang had already placed a hundred Tao-creation Sacred Crystals inside the Tianchuang furnace, so he could carefully observe the Tao-creation Sacred Crystals.

"It seems like I have nothing to do with it now!" Chen Xiang suddenly felt relaxed, he did not need to worry about it as the Pill Marking could absorb and awaken its own energy.

"That’s great!" Chen Xiang immediately told Xiao Xianglin this good news as he smiled gleefully. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Chen Xiang immediately took out the other reserve Tianchuang furnace, and placed it into a single, refining it into a Huajing Dan grain. As long as the Huajing Dan grain successfully awakened, it would be a Peak dan.

All Chen Xiang had to do was inscribe the Huajing Dan grain. He only needed to finish this step and wait patiently.

A month later, Chen Xiang could feel that both of the pill furnaces had calmed down, meaning that they had already succeeded. As expected, each of the two pill furnaces had one Peak dan.

"Consumption of thirty Tao-creation Divine Crystals, it’s pretty small!" Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised, because even though he had effortlessly refined two batches of Peak dan, it merely consumed the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal.

Of course, if he was not proficient enough in inscribing Huajing Dan grain, he would not be able to achieve such an effect, and the step of inscribing Huajing Dan grain was extremely important.

"This Blood extended spell is worth it!" Xiao Xianglin laughed: "It seems that I will have to follow Xiao Ke’er and refine a few more pill furnaces for you."

"The pill furnace doesn’t need to be too good, it just needs to be hard enough." Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s best if you can refine a hundred of them. I want to concoct them in batches!"

Chen Xiang originally planned to refine multiple pills simultaneously in one pill furnace, but he decided to give up. This was because it was very easy to reject two pills in one pill furnace, so at that time, he might even waste the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

The three Xiao Xianglin s and three Little White Fox s refining the pill furnace, and they were refining in the Time array and the Six Realms mirrors, this speed was very fast.

guided Little White Fox in refining the pill furnace. As long as some Tao-creation runes were engraved on the furnace, it would increase the furnace’s stability and toughness.

The hundred pill furnaces were completed very quickly, and were exchanged for the Time Formation s Chen Xiang had entered into the Six Realms mirrors. He spent a lot of Tao-creation’s sacred crystals to purchase the Blood extended spell previously, and now he needed to return the price, he owed Yang Genming over twenty thousand Tao-creation’s sacred crystals.

"My speed has increased tenfold, and I don’t even need to look at it myself. It’s just too fast." Chen Xiang was thoroughly experiencing the benefits of World Defying Dan grain.

Chen Xiang poured flames into a hundred pill furnaces, placed the World Defying god-becoming Dan s in separately, then began to inscribe the Huajing Dan grain s one by one, and then placed thirty Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals into each of the furnace. After a month, he would get a hundred Peak dan s.

Even if he refined Huajing Dan grain a hundred times, it would only take a day.

"Damn it, I really can obtain a hundred Peak dan like this in a month?" Chen Xiang couldn’t believe how easy it would be, this was a Pill Tattooed Divine Pill.

If he had more pill furnaces, he could continue to carve Huajing Dan grain.

"Master, I want to learn Doppelgänger mantra." Chen Xiang said.

"I suggest you not to learn until I master the other two Legendary mantra." Xiao Xianglin said: "If the other two Legendary mantra were very useful to you in refining pills, and if you had learned the Legendary mantra, it would be very difficult for you to learn the other Legendary mantra. Don’t you see that I haven’t learned a single one? My clone has been inside the Time Formation for who knows how many years. "

That was what Chen Xiang had planned to do before, but when he saw how powerful Little White Fox was using his three clones, he started to get restless. Now, he could only wait patiently.

"Just wait a little longer and I’ll succeed." Xiao Xianglin said.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang walked out of the Time Formation, but the Time Formation was still running. He made use of the time difference between inside and outside of the Time Formation, and waited outside for a short while before he entered. A month had passed inside the Time Formation.

Yes, in this way, he obtained a hundred Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, which didn’t take too much time, and the time he spent outside was only about four hours.

"Hahaha ..." Chen Xiang looked at the hundred high quality Peak dan s and could not help but laugh. He quickly sold them to Hua Liqing because he had already used up most of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals when he was refining the Peak dan.

Hua Liqing was very surprised, Chen Xiang had actually refined a hundred Tao-creation Holy Crystals that quickly, so much faster than before.

"This is all due to the strength of my master and the Blood extended spell." Chen Xiang smiled at Hua Liqing. I will tell you in detail later, I am lacking the Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

"Right now, more and more people are rushing to the Fighting Glorious City just to buy Peak dan! If we have a lot of people in the future, we will have to consider lowering the price, and this way, a large number of people will come to buy it. " Hua Liqing said: "Boss, if you lower the price, is it acceptable?"

"Of course you can!" Chen Xiang laughed, it was too easy for him to refine this Peak dan, as long as it was not less than fifty Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, he would earn money.

If it was like before, refining one pellet required three Little White Fox s and an entire year’s worth of time, then he would not be able to earn much.