Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Su Meiyao entered the Time Formation and guided her in learning the Huajing Dan grain.

"Little Scoundrel, how did you master the speed of World Defying Dan grain so quickly? Can you lend me some of your talent? " Although she had grasped a bit, it had taken her a lot of time.

"If I can lend it to you, I will." Chen Xiang laughed, "That’s why I’m the only one giving you pointers now. sister Meiyao, you’ll definitely be able to master it very quickly."

Su Meiyao now knew just how powerful Huajing Dan grain were. If she could control it, she could quickly refine Peak dan too, so she could complete the task of refining Peak dan in the future.

Su Meiyao had been refining pills for many years and her talent was also not bad. Under Chen Xiang’s careful guidance, she started to learn even faster. Although it was not as heaven-defying as Chen Xiang’s, Chen Xiang felt that she could definitely master it in a short time.

Being alone with Chen Xiang in the Time Formation, Su Meiyao naturally would not let go of the chance to get intimate with him. They could be considered husband and wife, and once they grew bored from their studies, the two of them would get intimate with each other.

Su Meiyao had finally learned it, and it had taken him several tens of years.

Chen Xiang went out to find Hua Liqing to get the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals. Those hundred Peak dan were all sold out by Hua Liqing quickly, and those fifteen thousand Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals were all obtained just like that.

After that, Chen Xiang did not go by himself, but rather, let Su Meiyao come.

Su Meiyao could condense Huajing Dan grain a hundred times in a day, and Su Meiyao needed three days to do so so so it could be considered to be not slow either.

"What a pity, if only we could have eaten Peak dan and entered the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank." Chen Xiang had eaten a few pills before, but it wasn’t much of a benefit for him, so he gave up.

On He Fengyuan’s side, she had already picked out two types of medicinal ingredients that could fuse with Zaoyuan purple bamboo, which was something that she had spent a lot of effort thinking about.

"The Divine Stainless Grass and the Violet Spirit Fruit, after these two medicinal herbs fuse with the Zaoyuan purple bamboo, it will produce a very huge reaction." He Fengyuan said: "I believe that the refined pills will definitely allow you to quickly step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank."

He Fengyuan was the Alchemy Recipe’s Heavenly Master and the Incantation Heavenly Master. Chen Xiang felt that with the help of the two of them, he would definitely be able to refine even more various kinds of Divine Pills in the future.

He Fengyuan gave these medicinal ingredients to the Mei Jing Sisters to grow. Although this kind of medicinal ingredient was sold, it was definitely not much, and it was better to cultivate it yourself.

Su Meiyao also learned from Chen Xiang, she carved Huajing Dan grain on top of the Time Formation and then came out to play with Long Xueyi, then entered the Time Formation to collect Peak dan s.

Seeing that he could refine so many Peak dan in a moment, Su Meiyao suddenly felt a great sense of accomplishment.

Chen Xiang gave Hua Liqing the hundred Peak dan s she had refined.

Hua Liqing had always been curious, and now, he was going to tell Hua Liqing about the new Huajing Dan grain, as well as the refining process.

When Hua Liqing found out about it, he was pleasantly surprised and excited. This meant that Chen Xiang’s pill refining would be even faster in the future.

"I’m going to the City Lord’s Mansion to take a look." said. Now that Su Meiyao was refining the Peak dan, he did not need to worry about the Peak dan for the time being.

He only needed to wait for the materials to refine Zaoyuan purple bamboo to continue refining new pills.

Just as Chen Xiang was planning to go to the City Lord’s Mansion, Yang Genming sent someone to his shop.

"Boss Shen, City Lord said that an old man surnamed Yan is here." the man said.

Yan Jiu!

Chen Xiang immediately nodded, "I will go over now." He hurried to the City Lord’s Mansion.

"City Lord!" When Chen Xiang saw Yang Genming, he asked in a low voice, "Where is Senior Yan?"

"He’s seriously injured!" Yang Genming said with a grave expression on his face, "His injuries ... "You come with me."

Yang Genming brought Chen Xiang to the underground passage.

"Why did you put him here?" Chen Xiang walked along the pathway, which led to the secret room.

"You’ll know when you get there. I’ll only be at ease if you leave him here." Yang Genming’s face became gloomy.

He brought Chen Xiang deep underground. At the entrance of a secret room, there was actually an old man from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank standing guard there. Chen Xiang could already tell that something big had happened to Yan Jiu.

"Open the door!" Yang Genming said.

After the old man opened the door, he led Chen Xiang in. Furthermore, he and the old man were standing in front of Chen Xiang, with Chen Xiang following behind them.

Upon entering the secret room, Chen Xiang immediately felt a very violent aura. This was an extremely evil force, and at the same time, a strong stench of blood.

Chen Xiang saw Yan Jiu lying on a jade bed, on the jade bed, there was a seal sealing him, and on the upper half of Yan Jiu’s body, there were many ribs, all of them sticking out, they were a deep black, releasing waves after waves of black mist, his eyes were completely black, there were no whites in his eyes, his teeth were red, and blood kept flowing out, it was extremely terrifying.

"Senior Yan!" Chen Xiang frowned, "How did he become like this?"

Yang Genming shook his head: "I don’t know either, when he arrived, he was severely injured, and his body was covered with scars. But he told me to use the strongest seal I have, otherwise, it would be extremely dangerous."

"After I sealed him, he became like this ... "Furthermore, all the injuries on my body have healed. I recovered very quickly." Yang Genming said with a grave expression on his face, "This is the first time I’ve encountered such a thing. You should be able to sense that the power in his body is increasing explosively."

"Yes, his aura has always been growing stronger. What exactly did he encounter?" Chen Xiang asked: "Can he hear anything outside?"

Yan Jiu laid on the jade bed as he struggled in pain. Black Qi kept leaking out of his body, especially now, when the black Qi increased, the white jade bed started to turn black.

"No, I spoke to him, but he couldn’t hear me." Yang Genming shook his head: "Boss Shen, what should I do now?"

"There must be a large amount of Evil Qi inside his body. He just has to force the Evil Qi out of his body." Chen Xiang said. He asked Little White Fox to come out and split into two clones.

When Yang Genming saw the three women again, he was secretly shocked. He did not think that the three women would actually follow Chen Xiang, thinking that they had been hiding inside Chen Xiang’s shop all this time.

"Junior Sister, take a look at this situation?" Chen Xiang said.

Little White Fox nodded, then walked in and observed.

"This is your Junior Sister!" Yang Genming asked curiously.

"Hm!" Those two are her clones. She is actually just one person. " Chen Xiang said.

Yang Genming secretly inhaled, it was actually a clone, and a clone was even so terrifying, he had never heard of a clone having power similar to his own body.

"He has the Paragon’s Demonic Inscription within him!" After Little White Fox finished speaking, he immediately took a few steps back, and Yan Jiu’s body also fiercely trembled at this moment, as a burst of violent black qi exploded out of his body.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)