Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Hearing that, Chen Xiang knew that the Supreme Evil Scripture was an evil being, if not he would not have allowed Yan Jiu to become like this.

"What is the Supreme Evil Scripture?" Yang Genming immediately asked, the evil aura that Yan Jiu had released earlier had scared him witless, although it was evil, it had Legendary gas s with it.

"The things that the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor created back then should have all disappeared." Little White Fox frowned as he looked at the struggling and roaring Yan Jiu, "These are all vague information in my memories."

Little White Fox was originally a demon spirit transformed by Supreme Mantra. In the end, she turned into a beast and took human form.

"Junior Sister, do you have a way to help Senior Yan?" Chen Xiang also didn’t know how Yan Jiu got infected with this sort of thing, and he could only find out after Yan Jiu regained his consciousness.

"Either inside his body or in the Divine Sense Sea, there must be some kind of Supreme Evil Scripture. As long as we get rid of it, it will be easy, but the problem is how to find it." Little White Fox said: "Moreover, we have to hurry up and look for him, if not it will be too late."

Little White Fox released his two clones, and Yang Genming and the old man also came over to help. With the five of them from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, it would not be difficult to stop Yan Jiu.

After Yang Genming undid the seal, he immediately went to search, and very quickly, he found her.

"That thing is on him... It’s too good that it didn’t enter his body. " Little White Fox walked over and removed a black pearl from Yan Jiu’s body.

This black pearl was a crystal core! The crystal core that only existed in Paternoster beast s, Yan Jiu actually had it.

"Junior Sister, be careful!" Chen Xiang was very worried about Little White Fox, because Yan Jiu had been tormented by this thing to such an extent.

"I’m fine!" After Little White Fox finished speaking, he released a strong pressure that poured into the crystal core and destroyed it.

The Evil Qi on Yan Jiu’s body was dissipating, if he did not save Yan Jiu, he would be devoured by the Evil Qi.

"It’s from the Paternoster beast!" Little White Fox said with a grave expression on his face, "In all my years in Tao-creation Ancient Place, I have never come across a Paternoster beast with this kind of evil crystal core."

Yang Genming had never heard of it, but he felt that this matter was definitely not that simple. It might even be related to the seven half evil Tao-creation Divine Lord s, Chen Xiang had told him before, that Yan Jiu was someone from the Fire Mountain School, and had even been chased after by them.

"We’ll know when he wakes up." Yang Genming said: "Let him continue to stay here, we will just wait outside."

Yang Genming was worried that Yan Jiu would make a change, so he continued to seal him.

Chen Xiang and the others walked out of the secret room.

"It seems like he must have met with some accident. He must ask him where that crystal came from. This thing is too scary." When Yang Genming thought back to it, he felt that that crystal core could turn one into an extremely terrifying demon.

"I separated with him in the Tao-creation Ancient Place. Did he encounter danger in there?" Chen Xiang kept feeling that this matter was not that simple.

After a few hours, sounds came from inside the secret room. Yang Genming and the others immediately walked in, with the few World Defying Stage Legendary Rank s walking in front, with Chen Xiang following from behind.

Yan Jiu was lying on the teleportation gate, his face was pale white. Seeing that it was Chen Xiang, he heaved a sigh of relief.

"Little brother, you saved me again." Yan Jiu seemed to know what happened just now.

"Senior, what happened to you?" How did you get that crystal core? " Chen Xiang asked, and then took out a pill for Yan Jiu to eat, causing his expression to improve a lot.

He said that he escaped from the Fire Mountain School and chatted with me quite a bit along the way. After that, he gave me the black crystal core, he said that there was a Supreme Mantra inside and told me to find a quiet place to eat and refine it. Yan Jiu said: "I have it with me, after I entered the Fighting Glorious City, that kind of situation happened to me. I felt that I wasn’t under my control, and that my power was increasing crazily, but that increasing power wasn’t being controlled by me."

"At that time, I only wanted to destroy everything, and then, with extreme restraint, I came to the City Lord’s Mansion and had the City Lord seal me."

Yang Genming wiped his sweat, luckily Yan Jiu had a strong self-control, if not the consequences would be unimaginable.

"It should be fine now." Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know. For the time being, I want to stay in this secret room." Yan Jiu sighed.

Chen Xiang told Yan Jiu about the Tao-creation Divine Lord. After hearing about it, Yan Jiu started to ponder.

"Who is the guy who gave me the crystal core?" Yan Jiu was furious: "He actually wants to harm me in such a way."

"Do you have any leads?" Chen Xiang asked: "Senior, please look carefully, what are the characteristics of this person?"

His appearance would definitely be useless, because he had cheated Yan Jiu, so he must have changed his appearance.

"He has a mask." Yan Jiu said: "When I met him, he was wearing a mask, he said that he was playing around with it, and later on he destroyed that mask as well."

"Draw the mask for me to see." Chen Xiang immediately thought of the masked man whom he sold the Blood extended spell to.

Yan Jiu immediately drew out the mask, seeing the mask, Chen Xiang and Yang Genming looked at each other, Yang Genming had also seen the masked man before.

"The guy who brought out the Blood extended spell also has such a mask. I wonder if it’s the same guy." Yang Genming replied: "He’s still in the city."

"Where is it? I’ll go find him! " Chen Xiang replied: "With junior sister here, nothing will happen."

"At the Tian Lan Hotel." Yang Genming said: "You have to be careful, I’ll keep watch on Old Yan."

Chen Xiang left the City Lord’s Mansion and proceeded towards the Heavenly Tide Hotel alone.

After he arrived at the Tian Lan Hotel, he quickly found out where the masked man’s room was and went upstairs.

When he went upstairs, he released his illusion and flew out, passing through the room to enter.

The masked man sat at a table. No one knew what he was doing, but he did not discover Chen Xiang’s illusion.

"This guy is very mysterious." Chen Xiang came to the door, changed his appearance, and lightly knocked.

"Who?" The masked man’s cold voice was heard.

"A friend, I need to talk to you. May I ask if it’s convenient for you?" Chen Xiang asked, he was not sure if the masked man was the one who tricked Yan Jiu.

The masked man opened the door, and when he saw Chen Xiang, he sneered: "It’s you!"

"What?" Chen Xiang never thought that he would be recognized even after changing his appearance.

"You are the person who bought my Blood extended spell last time." "Don’t think that I’m so easily deceived!" The masked man sneered.

Although it was seen through, Chen Xiang did not feel awkward at all, laughing out loud: "You are truly powerful, to be able to see through me, that’s right, I am the person who bought the Blood extended spell, I have let you down."FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com