Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The masked man opened the door and let Chen Xiang in. He didn’t know that Chen Xiang was the extremely talented Boss Shen, he was only a little curious about him, because a person who could buy Blood extended spell s with around seventy thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals was not a simple person.

"You haven’t reached World Defying Stage Legendary Rank yet, right?" The masked man asked, indicating for Chen Xiang to sit.

"You should be from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank." Chen Xiang laughed, Little White Fox had said it before, this masked man was a Paternoster beast, he had come from the Tao-creation Ancient Place.

"Since you know that I’m from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, you actually dared to come here to find me." The masked man said.

"Why wouldn’t I dare? If you mess around in this city, you definitely won’t be able to escape." Chen Xiang laughed: "I am very curious, where did you get your core?"

"I got it from killing Paternoster beast in Tao-creation Ancient Place." The masked man said calmly.

"Oh? Is that so? " Chen Xiang did not believe it.

"Hmph, believe it or not! What are you looking for me for? " The masked man said, "If there’s nothing else, I’ll send you off."

"I just want to ask you, do you know anything about the Supreme Evil Scripture?" Chen Xiang asked, at the same time, allowed Little White Fox to make preparations, if the mask was going to attack, she would immediately do so.

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, the masked man became silent as he stared at Chen Xiang.

"How do you know about the Supreme Evil Scripture? And you even know that it has something to do with me? " The masked man was quiet for a moment, then asked, he was surprised that Chen Xiang knew about these things. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"A friend of mine was deceived by someone. He carried a supreme evil script crystal with him and then almost turned into an evil demon." Chen Xiang said, "He only recovered after I took the crystal core away. According to his memories, a person gave it to him.

"If you do not take the crystal core away, your friend will not become an evil monster, but a Tao-creation Evil beast!" The masked man said seriously, "You should know in your heart that I’m not the one who lied to your friend."

"Yes, if it was you, I think that Fighting Glorious City would have already been in chaos." Chen Xiang laughed, "But you must be related to that guy."

"That’s right, it is indeed related to that guy. I came to look for him." The masked man said, "He has violated our clan rules. Not only did he escape from the Tao-creation Ancient Place, he even gave such a dangerous thing to a person and caused chaos. I am here to capture him."

"How many crystal cores does he have?" Chen Xiang asked: "If he has a lot, then it must be very dangerous."

"That crystal was from his own body. He would only be able to condense it ten thousand years after he took it off." The masked man said: "If he successfully becomes a Tao-creation Evil beast, then this Tao-creation Evil beast will be under his control."

Yan Jiu was extremely dangerous, and almost became that guy’s slave.

"He hurt my friend. I must find him and kill him." Chen Xiang said.

"I will not let you succeed. I will capture him and bring him back to the clan." The masked man sneered, "Also, you are no match for him. If you find him, only death awaits you."

"Your race is truly dangerous and irresponsible. They actually let this thing escape. If I were to meet them, I would definitely kill them at all costs." Chen Xiang stood up and walked to the door: "You better not let me find him first."

"I’m not worried at all, because you’re very weak! Also, he’s the son of my clan’s Patriarch, and his status is honorable. If you kill him, you’ll be responsible for any consequences. " The masked man mocked.

Chen Xiang walked out of the room, but he did not completely believe the masked man’s words. He walked out of the hotel, and then hid in a nearby area.

"What a strange race, I wonder what kind of race this is, to actually have this kind of guy." Chen Xiang said to Little White Fox: "Junior Sister, in the past in Tao-creation Ancient Place, have you ever met such a clan."

"No, the Tao-creation Ancient Place is very big, there are many places that I have never been to before." Little White Fox said: "Senior Brother, what do you plan to do now? Leave the fight to me, you just have to find that guy. "

Little White Fox was extremely confident in his own strength.

"Junior Sister, you’re so amazing, I am truly ashamed." Chen Xiang laughed.

Senior is the strong one, in such a short amount of time you earned so many Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, I don’t have that kind of ability. " When she was in Tao-creation Ancient Place, she knew how important the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals were. She also needed to look for the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals normally, and she knew that it wasn’t easy to get the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

When Chen Xiang returned to the shop, his illusionary body was still staring at the masked man. He gave two hundred Peak dan pills to Hua Liqing for her to sell and then had Lie Dao go to the City Lord’s Mansion for Yang Genming to arrange the sale.

Chen Xiang was worried that Yan Jiu’s body would be detected by that guy, so he asked Lie Dao to help.

Originally, it was just a group of old guys that made up the majority of the population, but now, there were a lot of middle-aged people, because this allowed them to quickly step onto the Peak of World Defying magic realm, allowing them to advance to World Defying Stage Legendary Rank sooner.

"That guy is moving." Chen Xiang suddenly saw that the masked man had walked out of the room, he had his spirit body follow him.

After the spirit body had caught up, Chen Xiang followed closely behind.

"You have to be careful. Keep your distance, don’t let them find you." Little White Fox said.

"En!" Chen Xiang used Counter Power to make himself invisible, he could hide a lot of Spirit Qi, making it hard for others to discover him.

The masked man walked out of the hotel and got into a car. He then drove on the main road towards the city gate.

"He’s leaving the city." Chen Xiang let the spirit body follow after it, while he kept his distance from the carriage.

The car suddenly stopped on the street and a few masked people walked out. A few masked people got out of the car and got into their cars.

"This guy is backtracking." Chen Xiang sneered. His illusions could distinguish the Qi, so he quickly locked onto the real masked man.

The masked man drove back, heading in the opposite direction.

The masked man no longer had any means of countertracking and immediately used the city gates.

Chen Xiang’s illusion body could fly, so he could quickly catch up.

A day later, Chen Xiang and the masked man arrived at a barren mountain outside the city.

"Big brother, I know you’re inside. You can come out now." the masked man shouted.

Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, the masked man was actually the brother of the man who framed Yan Jiu.

"You’re pretty good! You found me so quickly. " A cold laugh came from inside.

"Come back with me. You are the young master. If your clan members knew that you ran out, your father would be furious." The masked man said. This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!