Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

A wild laughter came from inside the cave, "I was living so comfortably outside, why should I go back with you? With such powerful strength, why would we hide inside the Tao-creation Ancient Place? I came out just to revive our Paternoster Race! "

It was actually some Paternoster Race. Upon hearing this name, Chen Xiang knew that this race must have grasped a lot of incantations! The masked man had previously taken out the Blood extended spell to sell, and the junior family head of the cave had also given the Zhi Zun Xie Wen to Yan Jiu.

"Go back and tell your father that I’m not going back. If you have the ability, let him come out and capture me." The junior family head sneered, "Of course, with him alone, he doesn’t have the ability to catch me!"

"Did you use the Supreme Evil Scripture on others?" The masked man said coldly, "I will definitely tell Father about this when I return."

"How do you know that? Could it be that you have ruined my plans? " The junior family head roared and rushed out of the cave. This junior family head had a feminine appearance, fair skin, and was brimming with an evil aura.

"It was just that someone discovered it early and saved it in time, and then that person recalled your mask and I was found." The masked man said, "It seems that you’ve really cast an evil spell on others!"

"So what? told me to kill him. I just thought it was a pity, so I wanted him to become my beast pet. I never thought that it would actually be destroyed. " The junior family head was furious.

When Little White Fox shattered the crystal with the Supreme Evil Rune on it, the junior family head could already feel it.

"Are you sure you don’t want to go back with me? The fact that you placed a curse on others is very serious. " The masked man said.

"I already said it, it was the Fire Mountain School who sent me to kill that old fellow! It’s not like you don’t know the relationship between our Paternoster Race and their ancestors. I’m just using their trash to make that fellow my pet. " The junior family head sneered, "Answer me honestly. Did you disrupt my plan? You know what? "How long would it take for me to form a crystal core? You clearly know that it’s me, and yet you’re ruining my good fortune."

"I told you, I didn’t destroy it." The masked man was furious. "It’s fine if you don’t go back. I’ll go back by myself."

Just as the masked man was about to leave, the junior family head suddenly took action. He shot out a black light and blew the taxi into a cloud of smoke. The masked man was also sent flying and crashed into a mountain in the distance.

The masked man was the younger brother of the junior family head, but he was actually so ruthless when it came to fighting.

The junior family head immediately gave chase and started another round of vicious attacks on his younger brother. He unleashed countless streaks of black energy, completely destroying that mountain.

The masked man lay on the ground, his body riddled with wounds.

"You are ruining my plans, go to hell!" Just as he was about to attack, Little White Fox suddenly came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa.

The three Little White Fox s surrounded the junior family head and released an invisible pressure wall at the same time, charging straight for the junior family head!

Little White Fox condensed pressure swords out from the walls of the pressure wall, and in the moment of pressure, they pierced through the Young Patriarch’s entire body.

"Who is it!" The junior family head screamed in pain.

"Junior sister, get rid of him." After Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Little White Fox, Little White Fox released the strongest pressure and directly tore this junior patriarch into pieces, turning him into a black blood mist. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Following that, Chen Xiang released flames, burning away the remaining Evil Spirit Force.

"You ... Did you really kill him? " The masked man’s mask fell off. He was a very handsome man. Although his face was not as feminine and evil as the junior family head’s, it was filled with coldness.

"I said I’d kill him." Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "You don’t have to thank me. I did it to kill him, not to save you."

"Hmph, thank you for saving us!" The masked man harrumphed, "I didn’t expect you to be Boss Shen. You really live up to your name."

The masked man did not recognize Chen Xiang, but he recognized three of them. Back then, he had heard how Mu Yijing had died, and Mu Yijing’s strength was much stronger than his and his brother.

After Little White Fox killed the Young Patriarch, he returned to Chen Xiang’s You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Your brother is dead. You’re the junior family head now, right?" Chen Xiang chuckled, and threw a pill to the man, it was condensed from the power of regeneration.

"I don’t want to be the junior family head." After the man ate the pill, the wounds on his body healed by a lot.

"May I have your name please?" Chen Xiang felt that this man was not bad, although he had an ice-cold appearance.

"Zhou Xingzhi."

"Will you tell your father about this when you go back?" Chen Xiang laughed: "I am truly afraid of your Paternoster Race, although I do not know how powerful he is."

"No matter what, my survival is because of you! When I go back to report this, you will definitely be killed, this is an ungrateful deed, I, Zhou Xingzhi will not be able to do it in this period of time. " Zhou Xingzhi coldly snorted, "Don’t think that I, Zhou Xingzhi, am such a despicable person."

"I hope it’s as you said." Chen Xiang laughed: "Do you still have any Supreme Mantra to sell? Sell one to me directly, cheaper. "

"That’s all. I came out this time because I was ordered to capture my big brother, and also to sell the Blood extended spell. The Blood extended spell clan doesn’t need it, so I used it to exchange for the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals." Zhou Xingzhi said.

"Seems like you Paternoster Race know a lot of Tao-creation’s incantations." Chen Xiang laughed: "How about this, you go back and ask if there are any more Supreme Mantra that you don’t want, if there are any more, you can look for me! If you take out the Blood extended spell and auction it, your race will definitely give you a target. How much do you want to buy?

"At least sixty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals! I have already surpassed it, so the rest of the Tao-creation Sacred Crystals will belong to me. Zhou Xingzhi said righteously, afraid that Chen Xiang would point at him.

"Alright, next time, Supreme Mantra, you can come and find me directly. We will discuss a price that both of us are satisfied with, and you don’t need to go and buy it. You gave a lot of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, right?" Chen Xiang laughed: "If you directly look for me, then I won’t need to spend this sum of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals."

"Alright, it’s a deal!" Zhou Xingzhi thought about it, then he got even more benefits and agreed to it.

Chen Xiang felt that this fellow was very interesting.

"Oh right, your brother said that you are related to the Fire Mountain School. What’s going on?" Chen Xiang was very worried that the Fire Mountain School would borrow the power of the Paternoster Race, it was not a good thing.

"It’s a long story, Fire Mountain School is not a good thing anyway, these sects are not good stuff, I hate them, but father and the elders treat them as guests." Zhou Xingzhi was indignant: "We gave them quite a few good Supreme Mantra, but didn’t get anything. Father and the others are really a bunch of pedantic people."