Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Chen Xiang was now certain that this Paternoster Race had many Supreme Mantra, and even quite a few.

"There are also several other sects in the Tao-creation Ancient Place. What is your relationship with them?" Chen Xiang felt that it was strange, "Your Paternoster Race should be very strong, why do you want to curry favor with him? Is your Paternoster Race not as strong as her? "

Zhou Xingzhi was extremely angry at Chen Xiang’s words: "Bullshit, our Paternoster Race is the strongest out of all of us, not to mention the Fire Mountain School, even all of the sects added together are not our match."

This Paternoster Race was actually this strong, and it gave Chen Xiang a fright.

"Then why does your Paternoster Race want to curry favor with the Fire Mountain School? You guys are so powerful, you don’t have to be afraid of them at all. " Chen Xiang sneered: "But now it seems that in order to please them, you have endured it."

Zhou Xingzhi said angrily: "How would I know what Father and the others are thinking? In short, our Paternoster Race is very strong, you are an alchemist, and you even bought our Blood extended spell, how strong should you be? Our Paternoster Race only has control over a hundred Supreme Mantra, and our Fire Mountain School only has a maximum of thirty to forty, so different people have control over them. "

"In our Paternoster Race, there are people who are able to simultaneously grasp hundreds of Supreme Mantra, and there are also quite a few who are able to grasp a few tens of them."

Zhou Xingzhi was very proud of this. He himself knew how powerful the Supreme Mantra was, so he was very sure that their Paternoster Race’s strength was not inferior to his.

Chen Xiang kept having the feeling that something had happened to the Paternoster Race, and they themselves were extremely lacking Tao-creation Holy Crystals. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have taken out the Blood extended spell to sell.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s look of disdain, Zhou Xingzhi was secretly furious, because he felt that Chen Xiang was looking down on his Paternoster Race.

"You don’t need to be angry, I’m not looking down on your Paternoster Race. I just feel that you guys shouldn’t continue to cooperate with a fellow like him, and your brother must have been affected by the Fire Mountain School when he used the Supreme Evil Scripture on others." Chen Xiang said: "You should be clear about how terrifying the Supreme Evil Arts are."

"I hope that you can properly report this to the elders of your clan when you return. Otherwise, you will regret your actions when you are scammed miserably by the Fire Mountain School." Chen Xiang said.

I had already thought that the Fire Mountain School was very unreliable, but there was nothing I could do, my position is too low, those who can speak are all powerful people.

They possessed great power. Thus, regardless of what decision they made, the clansmen would all feel that it was correct. Even if they were dissatisfied, they were only a few. They were simply useless.

"Isn’t your brother some kind of junior family head? Did this mean that he was the future clan leader? Now that he is dead, and your father is the clan leader, perhaps you will be made the junior clan leader. That is your chance. " Chen Xiang laughed: "You were sent out to do things, so you should have been valued by the clan, you shouldn’t have underestimated yourself."

Zhou Xingzhi lowered his head and started to ponder. Although his brother had died, he had never thought that he would become the junior family head.

"I know what to do. When I get back, I’ll try." Zhou Xingzhi said, I will come back to find you as soon as possible.

Chen Xiang smiled, nodded, and said: "Alright, when the time comes, you can go straight to my shop."

Zhou Xingzhi had almost been killed by his own big brother previously, if it wasn’t for Chen Xiang helping him out, he would have died a miserable death. Therefore, he was extremely grateful to Chen Xiang.

Zhou Xingzhi quickly walked away.

"This guy is quite ambitious. Although he always puts on a smug face, he’s still a good person. He knows how to repay favors." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Isn’t it! Selling something for the clan, while making a profit for himself, is very obvious what his intentions are for secretly earning the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals. " Su Meiyao said.

When Chen Xiang returned to the Fighting Glorious City, he had already fully recovered. It was just that he was worried about himself, so he continued to stay in the sealed secret room.

"Senior Yan is fine, I feel a lot more at ease now." Chen Xiang exited the City Lord’s Mansion and returned to the shop. He needed to refine Yuanshen Dan s as soon as possible.

Yuanshen Dan s were pills that could help a person improve on the Peak of World Defying magic realm. Although it was not a guarantee that he would be able to break through, this pill had its own effects.

Chen Xiang returned to the shop and handed a few Peak dan over to Hua Liqing. He also told her that if anyone called Zhou Xingzhi came here, she must keep him here and notify him immediately.

If Zhou Xingzhi were to come, it was very likely that he would bring a Supreme Mantra with him.

The Supreme Mantra were extremely precious, it was a once in a lifetime opportunity for anyone to take them out for auction, and Zhou Xingzhi had already promised Chen Xiang that if the Paternoster Race still had Supreme Mantra s to sell, they would sell them to him.

"I wonder how is Tao-creation Divine Lord is doing now." Chen Xiang wanted to find Tao-creation Divine Lord and ask him about the things related to the Paternoster Race. This Paternoster Race seemed to be extremely mysterious, and his strength seemed to be very strong as well.

Tao-creation Divine Lord and the others must have made sufficient preparations to exit the high wall, and who knew how long they would have to wait, so it was hard for Chen Xiang to enter from the outside. Although he succeeded last time, but it caused Icy Jade Sect to be wary, and it became extremely difficult the second time.

"First, think of a way to enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank." Chen Xiang did not want to be trapped in this realm like the majority of people. The previous Azure Dragon Fighting God might have seemed like a talented individual, but he was willing to become a slave in order to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

If Chen Xiang wanted to breakthrough, he could only refine a divine pill that he had never seen before, to break out of this predicament.

Now that he had the Huajing Dan grain, he was even more confident in himself. He felt that he would definitely succeed, and if he succeeded, he would be able to make the women in the You Yao Mountain Villa go a step further, and at that time, he would be able to do even more things that he couldn’t do in the past.

Mei Jing Sisters and the rest had already grown a lot of Spirit Star Grass and Violet Spirit Fruits, but the Zaoyuan purple bamboo s had long grown a large area of them.

Chen Xiang first burned the Zaoyuan purple bamboo in the secret room to understand its characteristics.

The fire that he was releasing was not very strong, but it was growing stronger bit by bit. This was mainly to understand the limit of how much the Zaoyuan purple bamboo could endure under the fire. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"The Zaoyuan purple bamboo is pretty good. It has been able to endure such a strong flame for a long time and it has not transformed. It seems that I need to continue strengthening the flames."

The flames Chen Xiang had released were already his own limit. Right now, he wanted to let the Red fire dragon release the flames, but his body was unable to withstand it. He could only allow the Red fire dragon to emerge from his body and pour the flames into the Tianchuang furnace. The first thing he did after sending the book was to look at the original content!