Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

After the Red fire dragon poured in a large amount of the legendary dragon fire, the Zaoyuan purple bamboo began to change.

Just like that, Chen Xiang burned continuously for several hours. The Zaoyuan purple bamboo was still the same, even if it was burnt red, there were no other changes, nor could it melt.

"Could it be that my fire isn’t enough?" Chen Xiang was very gloomy.

"You don’t have to be anxious, it’s only been a few hours. The Zaoyuan purple bamboo is a high quality divine medicine from the Tao-creation, how can this kind of medicine be so easy to refine?" He Fengyuan said, "Normally, medicinal herbs that have reached this level of growth are already extremely powerful in and of themselves. Just like humans, they grow after experiencing countless difficulties for so many years."

"Okay, I have to be patient." Chen Xiang understood that the medicinal ingredients that he had currently refined were the hardest ones he had ever refined. He had only used the legendary dragon fire to burn for a few hours only.

Chen Xiang was very patient, letting the Red fire dragon burn like this for more than ten days. What made him puzzled was that the Zaoyuan purple bamboo that was originally red, had actually turned purple again, and was exactly the same as before.

"Great beauty Feng Yuan, what’s going on?" Chen Xiang anxiously asked He Fengyuan.

"I don’t know either, you just continue burning and taking a look. In any case, other people can use Zaoyuan purple bamboo s to refine pills, and you can too." He Fengyuan said.

Maybe my flames are not strong enough. " Chen Xiang thought of Little White Fox.

The fact that Little White Fox was able to gather a large amount of flames and then use a large amount of pressure to instantly press it into an object was extremely frightening.

The Purple icy ape s themselves were very resistant to heat, but they were burnt to death by Little White Fox using this method.

"Junior Sister, I need your help again." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, alright. I’m just idling away. Pill refining with Senior Brother is very interesting." Chen Xiang laughed as he brought her into the Time Formation.

"Is it like before?" Little White Fox asked, previously, he just wanted her to help him condense the pill, so the pressure on her three clones was extremely fast.

"It’s just like burning Purple icy ape. The herbs I encounter are extremely difficult to burn." Chen Xiang laughed: "Last time, how did you burn the Purple icy ape, and now, how are you going to burn this type of medicinal herb, it’s just going to be done inside the furnace."

Little White Fox nodded his head, and said excitedly: "When do we begin?"

"We can start now." The Zaoyuan purple bamboo that Chen Xiang had burned down before still remained, he had to continue burning it.

"Junior Sister, how did you make the flame so strong? It seems like the pressure is not enough. " Chen Xiang said.

"I used Increase spell s, Fusion spell s, and after making the flames stronger, I fused them with my Pressure mantra." Little White Fox laughed, "This was something I did when I had nothing better to do in the past, so the stronger the fire, the better it is."

"So powerful!" When Chen Xiang had previously used the legendary dragon fire to burn, he had not used the Increase spell s.

It wasn’t easy for him to control the legendary dragon fire now. If he were to control the magnified legendary dragon fire now, it would be very difficult for him.

"It’s about to begin." Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, I’m ready." Little White Fox nodded his head, he could not wait any longer.

Little White Fox had previously refined a Peak dan with Chen Xiang, so she was already very familiar with releasing pressure inside the Tianchuang furnace, so Chen Xiang did not need to worry.

Little White Fox began to release pressure, causing the Zaoyuan purple bamboo to be pressured from all directions. The Zaoyuan purple bamboo was lifted up by the pressure and floated.

"Senior brother, it’s your turn." Little White Fox shouted.

"Alright, I’ll be there right away!" Chen Xiang controlled the Red fire dragon and released a flame inside.

Little White Fox very quickly absorbed the flames and used several Tao-creation Incantations, causing the legendary dragon fire to instantly become extremely berserk.

Legend has it that even though the dragon fire was berserk, it was still unable to escape Little White Fox’s pressure barrier. It was firmly imprisoned inside, and was even continuously being squeezed into the Zaoyuan purple bamboo s.

"There’s a reaction, the Zaoyuan purple bamboo is cracking open." Chen Xiang shouted in shock and fright. He continued to release flames, allowing Little White Fox to undergo the next round of refinement.

When Little White Fox saw the Zaoyuan purple bamboo splitting open, he was also very excited and released an even stronger pressure, "Senior Brother, if you come to stronger this time, you can immediately shatter this thing."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang released another wave of extremely violent legendary dragon fire, and rushed into Little White Fox’s pressure barrier like a dragon.

This time, the Zaoyuan purple bamboo could not hold on and instantly shattered under Little White Fox’s intense flames and pressure.

After the pill furnace broke, it shook violently, and Chen Xiang and Little White Fox were extremely shocked, because after the Zaoyuan purple bamboo broke into liquid, it actually formed a pattern in the pill furnace.

"Senior Brother, did you manage to refine a World Defying Dan grain inside?" Little White Fox asked in surprise.

"No, this is not the World Defying Dan grain that I’m familiar with." Chen Xiang also thought that it was unbelievable, he immediately told the truth to He Fengyuan and Xiao Xianglin.

He Fengyuan and Xiao Xianglin immediately came in to check.

After a while, He Fengyuan frowned and said: "This Spirit grain should already be here."

Xiao Xianglin nodded his head: "This is something that Zaoyuan purple bamboo is born with, it should be called a medicine mark!"

"What is the use of this medicine mark?" Chen Xiang had refined pills for many years, but this was the first time he encountered such a situation.

"I don’t know. Just give me the medicinal imprint for now. I’ll go back and study it." Xiao Xianglin said.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang passed the Zaoyuan purple bamboo that had turned into a medicinal pattern to Xiao Xianglin. At this time, the Zaoyuan purple bamboo had already turned into a crystal, a medicinal pattern that appeared after the crystal had solidified.

He Fengyuan said: "When other Alchemist were refining the Zaoyuan purple bamboo, they definitely wouldn’t encounter such a situation. This must be because the two of you working together changed the shape of the Medicine soul and directly transformed it into the most primitive medicinal pattern."

"Then would the other medicinal herbs be in such a situation?" Xiao Xianglin asked.

"I don’t know! I think this should be a different story. " He Fengyuan said, "Xiang Luan, go back first and see what the effects of this medicine mark are. If there’s any major effects, maybe we can use the medicine mark to make the World Defying Dan grain."

After He Fengyuan and Xiao Xianglin leave his Time Formation, Chen Xiang and Little White Fox will go refine new Zaoyuan purple bamboo.

"Junior Sister, we have to do better this time." Chen Xiang laughed: "With junior sister’s help, I’m really much more relaxed."

Little White Fox giggled. Being with Chen Xiang to refine pills, there were always many interesting things that could be found.

This time, Chen Xiang and Little White Fox skillfully smashed the Zaoyuan purple bamboo to pieces. It only took them a day to do so, so it could be considered to be extremely fast.

Once the Zaoyuan purple bamboo was broken, it would immediately form a medicine mark.

Reaching this step, Chen Xiang also found it difficult, he did not know how to continue. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"How should I deal with these medicinal marks?" Chen Xiang scratched his chin as he thought.