Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Master and Disciples Together

Translated By - Ash

Edited By - Fingerfox

19/30th Chapter

Chen Xiang was very furious in his heart. If not for these Elders stopping the group at that time, perhaps Yao Haisheng might not have had his things stolen. It was quite clear that these Elder connived with the robbers of Yao Haisheng, or else why would Yao Haisheng be seriously injured. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang found these Elders unfamiliar he had never seen them before. Looking at their arrogant appearances, Chen Xiang found it even more strange. After all, these Elders were only in the 9th level of True Martial Realm. Much to his surprise, they didn’t even place him and Xiao Chou in their eyes.

Chen Xiang was in the 7th level of the True Martial Realm. If he used all his strength coupled with the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, he had not an ounce of fear facing any 9th level True Martial Realm martial artist!

"I want to know why you didn’t save Yao Haisheng? Not only did you not save him, you also had the gall to block his friends who were going to save him. What were you thinking? As an Elder, you actually watched your own sect’s disciple getting robbed by others, moreover even allowed him to be seriously injured." Chen Xiang clenched his fists. The True Qi in his body secretly started surging. He was furious.

"Because they are the disciples of the Sacred Light Temple. Have you ever heard of the Sacred Light Temple? We absolutely can not offend this kind of powerful influence, that’s why..."

"Bullshit! If it was the Dean, those guys who had beaten Yao Haisheng would have already been annihilated! No matter how strong they are, since they dared to rob my Extreme Martial Sect’s disciple in front of the Extreme Martial Sect, my Extreme Martial Sect should not hesitate to make them pay for this! You four are useless scoundrels who are nothing more than lackeys of that motherfucking Sacred Light Temple. You do not deserve to be a member of the Extreme Martial Sect. You are fucking Elders! I spit!" Chen Xiang angrily cursed.

At this moment, Yun Xiaodao and the group felt very happy; while Xiao Chou was also preparing to fight!

"Let’s go. I’m ashamed to see my Extreme Martial Sect has such cowardly Elders!" Chen Xiang coldly shouted as he continued walking towards the entrance.

At this time Su Meiyao said, "If I remember it correctly, the Sacred Light Temple seems to be one of the powerful influence in the eastern sea. I think their mainland was called Sacred Light Continent. It is ten times bigger than the Chenwu Mainland. Rumour has it that during the previous Great Battle of Three Realms there was an influence who fought zealously to make the Demons and Devils retreat, that’s why it was renamed as Sacred Light Temple. I don’t remember what it used to be called."

"Whatever! They beat my apprentice, I am going to make them pay." Chen Xiang ignored the other stuff and threw it at the back of his mind.

Bai Youyou continued, "Since the Sacred Light Temple guys are here, it is highly likely that they must be behind the isolation of the Extreme Martial Sect. Didn’t your teacher say that it must be the doing of those bastards? The Sacred Light Religion is quite powerful and prosperous in the eastern sea. It is impossible for them to have no ambitions! Perhaps, the Sacred Light Religion had already subjugated the other mainlands. However, it is not so easy to grab the Chenwu Mainland!"

Chen Xiang’s eyebrows interlocked with each other as a frown appeared on his forehead. He knew that there was sure to be a conspiracy, but how could he have known that it was actually the Sacred Light Religion who was behind all of this!

"Chen Xiang, in the younger generation you are indeed very strong, but you should not be too arrogant! You don’t even dare to listen to our orders, but also dared to curse us!" An Elder appeared in front of Chen Xiang.

"Fucking lackey, get the fuck out of my way! No matter how powerful the other’s influence is, you should not watch your own disciples get robbed in front of your own sect. You fucking scoundrel... you even stopped the other guys who were planning to save him. You wanted to let them rob Yao Haisheng! So what, if I have cursed you? From the looks of it, you can not wait to wag your tail in front of the Sacred Light Temple!" Chen Xiang once again started cursing.

"Stop right there!" An Elder angrily shouted as a wilted old arm grabbed towards Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang angrily roared; as his anger erupted, his Slaughter Qi covered the sky and the earth. An azure light flashed, suddenly, in his hand appeared the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade and at lightning speed cut down the extended arm of that old man.

"Xiao Chou, attack, cripple these bastards!" Chen Xiang furiously said. Slaughter Qi soared from his entire body. All the anger he had been suppressing in his head broke out in advance. When he thought of these Elders intentionally letting Yao Haisheng get robbed which led him into getting seriously injured; the anger in his heart erupted like the countless volcano. His anger had reached the utmost limit.

Upon hearing Chen Xiang’s order, the awakened power inside his body also burst out. The Herculean blood inside his body was seething, he could feel Chen Xiang’s anger.

The four Elders hadn’t expected that Chen Xiang would actually be so bold; he even dared to resist them. They didn’t know that Chen Xiang’s teacher was Huang Jintian, or how many Nirvana Realm martial artists he had killed alone, or Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming had to call Chen Xiang as the martial uncle; or else they would also not look down upon Chen Xiang!

Both of Chen Xiang eyes turned blood red as if two groups of blood red flames were burning. The Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade in his hand burst out with an even more violent aura which made the four Elders shudder.

After the Elder’s arm was cut off by Chen Xiang; he first felt an excruciating pain, then he was shocked. He saw Chen Xiang waved that giant blade which was overflowing with tyrannical aura towards him.

Chen Xiang had used an adequate strength; he infused the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade with the five elements Universe True Qi. Using that huge blade body, he ruthlessly slapped that Elder’s cheek.

Half of the Extreme Martial Sect fiercely quaked from the impact when Chen Xiang’s power erupted. After the Elder’s cheek was thrashed by Chen Xiang’s blade with a thunderbolt like momentum, his whole body flew out and crashed into a thick wall far away. Whether he was dead or alive remained unknown!

Xiao Chou also pounced the moment when Chen Xiang waved his blade. Followed by a child like roar as a frightening power erupted from his body like a storm. From the subsequent energy waves emanating from Xiao Chou, the bricks around him were smashed to pieces! His fist heavily punched an Elder’s face.

Immediately after he punched with his pair of fists; in an instant; he had punched out a few dozen times that pounded upon the Elder’s body which gave rise to a crackling like noise. Apparently, his bones had been broken.

After Xiao Chou, had his strength awakened, he had stepped into the 7th level of the True Martial Realm. If a common 9th level True Martial Realm had not made any preparation, he would definitely be thrashed and seriously injured.

In just an instant, Xiao Chou had punched a few dozen times and broke the Elder’s bones; the Elder spew out blood from injuries.

"You...you..."

Another Elder was horrified. They had just returned to the Extreme Martial Sect from their travels in the overseas. As they had lived in the Extreme Martial Sect for a long time, they were made Elders. Because of their old age, they usually could not do anything. Afterwards, they went to the Sacred Light Continent. Because they socialized with the Sacred Light Temple’s disciples for too long, they slowly came to dislike the Extreme Martial Sect. They blamed their inability to break through to the Extreme State on the Extreme Marital Sect.

They thought as they are Elders, the Extreme Martial Sect would not blame them; not to mention, they very much dreaded the Sacred Light Temple, and besides there was the hate they had for the Extreme Martial Sect. That’s why such a scenario of Yao Haisheng getting seriously injured took place!

Chen Xiang and Xiao Chou acted at the same time, and even without any barrier. As a result, they had caused quite a bit of movement. The entire Extreme Martial Sect had been shaken by the burst of power.

In just a few seconds, Chen Xiang and Xiao Chou had thrashed the two Elders. This kind of strength not only made the remaining two Elders feel horrified, even Yun Xiaodao and the group were similarly shocked.

It was not the first time that they had witnessed Chen Xiang ravage some powerful guy, but every time they would similarly feel shocked. Not to mention Xiao Chou was accompanying him. This kind of shocking scene made their hearts shudder.