Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Chen Xiang didn’t know how long it would take to refine it. It had already been so long, but this pellet still released energy. It was originally red, but after it turned purple, it released different energy. The blood energy that had been released by the red blood for two hundred years had caused his body to become very strong. A strong enough fleshly body was one of the necessary requirements to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"What is purple energy?" Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat. He felt his soul getting attacked, purple was used to strengthen the soul ...

It took him another two hundred years to absorb the purple energy, and then it turned white again.

The energy released by the white light poured into his Divine Sense Sea, causing his power to increase by leaps and bounds.

This is to strengthen the Divine Sense Sea!

The white energy also lasted for two hundred years before ending. Chen Xiang felt the three energies in his body suddenly converging together. The power of his physical body, the power of his soul, and the power of his Divine Sense Sea unknowingly merged.

"Legendary gas!" Chen Xiang’s heart trembled. He was extremely familiar with Legendary gas, because his Red fire dragon could release this kind of aura.

Chen Xiang had thought that he would need to consume ten or eight of these pellets, but to think that he would be able to enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank with just one pellet. He himself was shocked, the medicinal ingredients required for the pellet were not of the highest level, it was just that the refining process was extremely difficult, and it took a large amount of Tao-creation Divine Crystals to produce such an effect.

Chen Xiang could control his three powers to instantly fuse and release the Legendary gas, but he had improved greatly in all aspects. This meant that he had already stepped into the early stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"World Defying Dan grain, the power of junior sister’s avatar, all of this is indispensable, I am unable to concoct this pill myself." Chen Xiang felt that Little White Fox had helped her out a lot. She was a World Defying Stage Legendary Rank herself, and using the Pressure mantra, Increase spell and Fusion spell to strengthen the flames of the Red fire dragon was the key.

Then there would be five thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals. If it were any other Alchemist, they wouldn’t be willing to use so many Holy Crystals, because if they failed, it would be a huge loss.

Chen Xiang had stayed in the Time Formation for six hundred years, and six days had passed outside before he managed to refine a thousand Peak dan.

There were quite a few Peak dan that were previously sold, all selling at one hundred and fifty Tao-creation Holy Crystals. Now, Hua Liqing was prepared to lower the price to one hundred Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

"Junior Sister, I’ve broken through!" Chen Xiang smiled at Little White Fox.

"Really?" Little White Fox also did not dare believe that he could step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank just by eating a pill.

"Look!" Chen Xiang directly released the prideful Legendary gas, but after sensing it, Little White Fox still did not dare to believe it.

"Junior Sister, why don’t you give me a name for this pill? You spent a lot of energy to help me refine it." Chen Xiang said.

"Let’s call it Legendary god Dan." Little White Fox thought for a while, then said softly: "What about this name?"

"Un, that’s the name we’ll use. We’ll be busy from now on." Chen Xiang said: "I will go look for Sister Li Qing first and bring over a little more Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals from her."

Chen Xiang gave a thousand Peak dan to Hua Liqing and Hua Liqing gave him ten thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

"Sister Li Qing, do you feel that I’m any different?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"What’s different?" Hua Liqing frowned as he looked at Chen Xiang, then shook his head.

Chen Xiang had hidden his presence before and after that he released a little of the Legendary gas.

"Hehe!" Chen Xiang smiled mysteriously: "I have concocted a type of pill called the Legendary god Dan. If I can make a breakthrough while consuming this pill, so can you! I will try to refine a second pill to confirm the effects of this pill. "

"Alright!" Hua Liqing nodded her head excitedly. If it was possible, it meant that she could also enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"Refining this kind of pellet requires a lot of Tao-creation Sacred Crystals, and it requires five thousand of them." Chen Xiang said: "Li Qing, if you sell this pill, how many Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals do you think you can sell it for?"

"I’m not sure. It would be best if it was used for auction." Hua Liqing said: "With these thousand Peak dan, you should be able to earn a lot of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals. You still have a lot of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals on you, are you not short on any?"

"No need, I’ll go and concoct pills first." Chen Xiang said. He still had about 25,000 pills, which was enough to refine another five pills.

Chen Xiang planned to let Su Meiyao enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank because she was also an alchemist and refined Peak dan faster. Chen Xiang did not know how long she could keep refining the Peak dan.

"If only I could learn Doppelgänger mantra." Chen Xiang sighed, the Doppelgänger mantra was a Legendary mantra, it was much harder to learn than the Supreme Mantra.

The reason why Little White Fox could grasp it so quickly was because she had a certain level of Inherent Skill, but Chen Xiang did not have such a talent. Most likely, he would need to learn it for hundreds of thousands of years to be able to do so.

"Junior Sister, let’s continue." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright!" Little White Fox was very willing, and then he and Chen Xiang refined another Legendary god Dan inside the Time Formation.

With the previous experience, Chen Xiang and Little White Fox successfully refined another Legendary god Dan, and he immediately gave it to Su Meiyao.

"After I stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, I planned to learn Doppelgänger mantra from Xiang Luan." Su Meiyao said, she also knew the importance of Doppelgänger mantra.

"I think you can learn the Pressure mantra first." Chen Xiang said: "This might be easier to grasp. When the time comes, just let her help you concoct the pills. Just go and learn the Doppelgänger mantra directly, it will take you a very long time. " Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Chen Xiang didn’t even dare to try.

"Yes, I’m going to refine this pill." Su Meiyao entered the Time Formation and refined it.

After Chen Xiang came out, many people queued up to purchase Peak dan s. At this time, the price had been lowered by fifty Tao-creation Holy Crystals, and there were even more people who wanted to buy them.

It was so expensive to sell, and there were also so many people buying it. It could be seen that the demand for Peak dan was very high, making many pill shops extremely envious.

However, Chen Xiang was so powerful, the shops did not dare to come and cause trouble, they could only be anxious.

Many of the pill shops had Alchemist s who were able to refine Divine Pills with their own hands, and they were all extremely curious as to how Chen Xiang was able to concoct so many Divine Pills so quickly.

This was mainly because of the Huajing Dan grain, because the Huajing Dan grain could quickly absorb the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal’s energy, and activate the pill pattern! During the process of refining a Divine Pill Tattoo Pill, making the Pill Tattoo Awaken was the most troublesome.

Ever since Mu Yijing was killed by the three Little White Fox s, many people were extremely respectful towards Boss Shen’s shop, to the point that they did not dare to speak loudly in his shop.

But now, there were people shouting outside.

"Big Brother, Big Brother!" Someone was shouting outside. Everyone was sweating because of this guy. It was very dangerous to be shouting in front of Boss Shen’s store.

"It’s Long Xuan!" When Chen Xiang saw Song Longprofound jumping and shouting outside, he was overjoyed and immediately went to bring him in.