Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Song Longprofound’s master was Luo Jiuyang, Luo Jiuyang’s elder brother was Tao-creation Divine Lord, and Tao-creation Divine Lord was a very powerful Alchemist. Chen Xiang had always wanted to enter the Icy Jade Sect’s enchantment to learn from him, and now that Song Longprofound had appeared, Tao-creation Divine Lord must already be inside the Tao-creation Ancient Place.

When everyone saw Chen Xiang bringing Song Longprofound in, they were shocked. This guy was really Chen Xiang’s brother.

Chen Xiang brought Song Longprofound to the backyard.

I heard about the Peak dan you refined long ago. I met a few guys who stepped into the Peak of World Defying magic realm inside the Tao-creation Ancient Place, they all ate Peak dan and broke through, so they have a lot of respect for you. Song Longprofound sighed.

"That’s right!" Chen Xiang laughed, "Long Xuan, how is your master and the rest doing?"

"Senior Master... In other words, the Tao-creation Divine Lord, he has already come to the Tao-creation Ancient Place, and brought several tens of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank’s people with him. Song Longprofound replied: "So that’s why that place doesn’t have anything to do with me anymore."

"What’s the matter with you?" Chen Xiang felt that it was strange.

"If they want to start a war, I naturally have to run further away. That is a battle between World Defying Stage Legendary Rank s, and if I go, I will only be courting death." Song Longprofound sighed: "Besides, I’m not good at fighting anyway."

"Oh right, Long Xuan, your Uncle-Master is from the Tao-creation Divine Lord, so he must have mastered a large number of incantations and pill formulas. Did he teach you anything?" Chen Xiang asked in a low voice.

"I do, he gave me a set of Legendary mantra, and quite a few of them ..." Song Longprofound curled his lips. "But I’m too stupid, I don’t know when I’ll be able to learn those Legendary mantra! The Supreme Mantra did learn two of them. "

"What do you mean by a set of Legendary mantra?" Chen Xiang frowned.

"It’s a combination of several Legendary mantra." Song Longprofound shook his head: "I don’t know what’s going on either, how about I give it to you? That Legendary mantra is too complicated, and it doesn’t seem to be of use to me, it can’t increase my strength."

Chen Xiang called Xiao Xianglin out.

Seeing Xiao Xianglin, Song Longprofound immediately bowed to him. "Hello, Senior!"

Song Longprofound had heard from Luo Jiuyang that Xiao Xianglin’s Incantation Inherent Skill was much stronger than his.

"You’re welcome." Xiao Xianglin chuckled.

Song Longprofound took out that set of Legendary mantra s. There were a total of five of them on a large crystal board.

"What is the use of Legendary mantra?" Xiao Xianglin looked at these Legendary mantra and couldn’t help but take a deep breath, because this Legendary mantra was extremely profound.

"Uncle said that as long as we master these Legendary mantra, we can use this set of Legendary mantra and the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal to refine them into Paternoster soul stone! Paternoster soul stone could use all sorts of incantations to engrave, and after eating the Paternoster soul stone, they would immediately learn the incantations to engrave. That is, if the person who refined the Paternoster soul stone is powerful enough. " Song Longprofound said.

"This is good stuff!" Chen Xiang exclaimed. If Xiao Xianglin had successfully learned it and refined the Paternoster soul stone, he wouldn’t have to work so hard to learn the Legendary mantra.

"It’s good stuff, but I can’t learn it and I’m not interested." Song Longprofound curled his lips and said, "I want to learn things that can make me strong. You helped Senior Master and the others come to Tao-creation Ancient Place, they were very grateful to you, so when I gave it to you, they would not say anything. "

"Long Xuan, since you think it’s useless, then I’ll accept it." Chen Xiang laughed: "I will give you a present in return too?"

"We don’t need any rewards. We’re all on the same side. Why are you being so polite?" Song Longprofound resolutely refused, and wanted to leave Chen Xiang’s shop.

"You really don’t want my gift that can allow you to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank?" Chen Xiang said with a smile.

After Song Longprofound heard this, his body trembled.

"Is this true?" Song Longprofound did not dare believe it.

Chen Xiang slightly released a bit of Legendary gas s: "I just broke through after eating that kind of pill."

"Big brother, you’re too amazing. I want this pill." Song Longprofound was excited.

"Long Xuan, your Uncle-Master should be very powerful. Could it be that he can’t concoct such a pill?" Xiao Xianglin asked curiously: "Your master and your Junior Master Gu Tong are both from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. The reason they were able to make a breakthrough should be because of the Tao-creation Divine Lord, right? Why didn’t he help you break through? "

"Uncle is actually not that strong... He can refine pills, but there are restrictions, and some pills cannot be given to others to consume. As a Tao-creation Divine Lord, he cannot break the rules that he established, and the reason why Master and Senior Master were able to breakthrough is mainly because of him. If I reach that level, he will also help me. " Long Xuan replied, "Upon reaching the Peak of World Defying magic realm, as long as all aspects are adequate, Martial Uncle will be able to help. Many people were helped by him. "Also, he can impart some incantations to make people stronger. This is the only way." Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Previously, Uncle Shi also said the same thing. Tao-creation Divine Lord’s own strength wasn’t too strong, and there were many limitations, but his prestige was actually very strong.

"Big brother, for you to be able to refine such a pill, it is truly heaven-defying. Haha ...." I, Song Longprofound, will soon enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. " Song Longprofound was very excited.

"I need some time to concoct pills." Chen Xiang said: "You can just wait here, I will help you concoct pills first."

After Xiao Xianglin entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, Chen Xiang immediately ran into the secret room. He and Little White Fox entered the Time Formation, but Su Meiyao was still refining the Legendary god Dan.

"Master, do you have any plans?" Now that you suddenly got this set of Legendary mantra, are you still going to learn the two current Legendary mantra? " Chen Xiang asked.

"I will not learn it for now, but I will definitely learn it in the future. The more Legendary mantra learn, the better." Xiao Xianglin laughed: "If I could really refine a Paternoster soul stone, I would have immediately refined those two Legendary mantra into it. I wouldn’t have to work so hard to learn it."

"But there are five Legendary mantra inside, how much time does that take?" Chen Xiang sighed: "You took so long to learn those two before, wouldn’t it be too much of a waste?!"

But you must know, if I were to learn those two Legendary mantra, it would be even more difficult for me to learn these five again. And if I were to learn these five Legendary mantra well, it would be easy for me to learn those two as well. Xiao Xianglin said.

"That’s true!" Chen Xiang said.

"The time is right... You don’t have to worry about this, I already have a plan to refine a super Time array. " Xiao Xianglin said: "This is not difficult for me, I will go refine it now."

Chen Xiang had enough Tao-creation Divine Crystals on hand, which was enough for her to refine. The Time array s that he had previously won from Wood Mountain Sect were all of a lower level, but the consumption was very little.

The super Time array that Xiao Xianglin was refining now would definitely require a large amount of Tao-creation Divine Crystals, and the time difference between the outside and the inside would also be extremely huge. This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!