Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Little White Fox quickly refined a Legendary god Dan and Song Longprofound was still in the shop.

"Long Xuan, finish the refinement. It will take around a thousand years to finish." Chen Xiang said: "Wait a few more days, I’ll lend you a Time array."

"I don’t need you to worry about that, Big Brother. I will think of a way myself!" Thank you, big brother. The next time you see me, I will be World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. " Song Longprofound laughed and then left in a hurry, no one knew where he was heading to.

Xiao Xianglin had already stopped learning the two Legendary mantra s and changed to refining them. It would be easier for her and her two clones to refine them together.

While Su Meiyao was refining the Legendary god Dan, he entered her Time Formation and quickly refined a Legendary god Dan. After he refined one pellet, he would come out and receive the Tao-creation Divine Crystal that he obtained from selling the Peak dan.

A total of fifty thousand Peak dan s were sold out very quickly, adding the twenty thousand that Chen Xiang had, he would have seventy thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals. However, Xiao Xianglin had given her ten thousand Holy Crystals when he was about to use the five thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals to refine the Level Formation Plate. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Sixty thousand Tao-creation Sacred Crystals, is only enough to refine twelve of them." Chen Xiang did not care about the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, because he would be able to earn them very quickly after spending them all.

The twelve Tao-creation Holy Crystals were quickly refined and given to the girls inside the You Yao Mountain Villa to eat, there were only a dozen or so.

"Alright, from now on, you will all fully enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank." laughed. After they step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, Chen Xiang can do even more arrogant things in the future.

Hua Liqing also needed to go into closed door cultivation, so Boss Shen’s shop would be closed for the time being. This made many people who came to buy Peak dan a little disappointed, but Hua Liqing had posted a notice saying that he would open for business as soon as possible.

Chen Xiang still had two Legendary god Dan s in his possession, so he came to the City Lord’s Mansion to look for Yang Genming. Yang Genming had been in the secret underground room for the past few days.

However, when he arrived at the entrance of the secret room, he heard clear laughter coming from inside.

Chen Xiang pushed the door open and entered. He saw Yan Jiu drinking and eating with Yang Genming and Fierce Blade.

"I thought something happened." Chen Xiang was worried for nothing, but after that, he also joined in and started to eat and drink together.

"Chen Xiang, I have already stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, so you sure know how to pick a time to celebrate here." Yan Jiu laughed.

"What?" You broke through! "What’s going on!?" Chen Xiang, on the other hand, did not feel Yan Jiu’s Legendary gas.

"Maybe it’s because of the Supreme Evil Scripture, that thing had let me gather a lot of energy." Yan Jiu didn’t know what was going on with himself, "Anyway, I feel like I’m fine now! These few days, City Lord has been instilling Legendary gas in me to help me breakthrough.

"Senior Yan, City Lord is currently lacking manpower, you can stay here." Chen Xiang said.

"No problem." Yan Jiu readily agreed to it, which made Yang Genming very happy, and immediately toasted to him.

"Boss Shen, let me tell you something ..." Didn’t Fierce Blade owe you the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal? I will give you five thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals, how about you let him stay here? Your junior is so powerful, and the strong blade is not in the shop, you can be at ease now. " Yang Genming laughed.

"Alright, give me the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal." Chen Xiang laughed. He was currently lacking Tao-creation Divine Crystals, so he did not refuse.

Yang Genming did not expect Chen Xiang to promise him so readily, so he immediately gave Chen Xiang five thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

"Lie Dao, you have to follow the City Lord from now on. Look at how generous he is." Chen Xiang patted Lie Dao’s shoulder, and poured Lie Dao a full cup of wine.

"Naturally, City Lord is much better than that Mu Yijing." Lie Dao smiled. Chen Xiang and Yang Genming’s relationship was so close, if there was anything in the future, he would definitely take care of it.

"Did you notice any difference in me?" Chen Xiang smiled mysteriously.

Fierce Blade, Yang Genming and Yan Jiu sized up Chen Xiang seriously, then shook their heads.

"I’ve stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank." Chen Xiang laughed, and then released a trace of the prideful aura.

This caused Yang Genming and the other two to be extremely shocked. They knew very well that Chen Xiang had just reached the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank not long ago, yet now he had stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank again.

"How did you break through?" Yang Genming rushed to ask because he had thought of a possibility.

"This!" Chen Xiang took out a Legendary god Dan. "My newly refined pill, Legendary god Dan!"

Yan Jiu and the other two stared at the Legendary god Dan and sensed the energy coming from it. All of them took a deep breath.

"I knew you could do that." Yang Genming said. He had always thought highly of Chen Xiang, believing that he would one day be able to concoct a pill that would allow people to quickly enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

But now that Chen Xiang had really done it, he was in disbelief!

Fierce Blade could accept it, because he broke through after eating the pill refined by Chen Xiang. He toasted to Chen Xiang.

"City Lord, do you want it? Give me a price, I’ll sell these two to you ... I’ll refine some for auction in the future. " Chen Xiang laughed: "You have to give me a fair price!"

"Fifteen thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals per pellet. For the time being, I only want one pellet." Yang Genming said: "What do you think about this price?"

In fact, the price wasn’t low, because even if someone were to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, they might not be able to earn that much Tao-creation Divine Crystals in a short amount of time! Therefore, most of these pellets were either purchased for their own descendants or given to the core disciples.

Great powers only earned the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals and were able to rely on the power of the entire organisation to annex and destroy the other powers. In this way, they could plunder a large amount of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals.

"Alright, I’ll sell you!" Chen Xiang said.

Yang Genming gave Chen Xiang fifteen thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

"Contact me whenever I auction it. I’ll help you advertise." Yang Genming laughed: "If I auction this Tao-creation Divine Pellet, it will definitely be higher than the price I give you.

"City Lord helped me so much, it’s nothing." Chen Xiang said.

"You can’t put it that way. You’ve helped me a lot." Yang Genming felt that being able to meet Chen Xiang was the smartest decision he made in his life.

"Let’s talk about it in a few days! City Lord, do you have any spies in Tao-creation Ancient Place? Is there any news from inside? " Chen Xiang asked: "In the depths of Tao-creation Ancient Place, there are many forces.

"There are spies, but they didn’t enter any deeper. It’s too dangerous inside." Yang Genming said: "If a huge battle were to break out inside, it might affect the outside world, and once a war starts, the losses would be heavy. Those large powers would come out and recruit people, or use the rest of their power to rule over everyone outside the Tao-creation Ancient Place." This book is from the 17K web page, the first time you look at the original content!