Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When Yang Genming thought about the terrible situation that was occurring inside the Tao-creation Ancient Place, he became deeply worried. The behemoths in the Tao-creation Ancient Place were not something he could move.

"City Lord, have you ever heard of Paternoster Race?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Never heard of it!" Yang Genming shook his head.

Chen Xiang really wanted to know the situation inside the Tao-creation Ancient Place, so he could only wait for news on Song Longprofound. Even though he was already a World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he didn’t want to go in.

"If there’s really a big commotion inside, the scouts I’ve sent outside will definitely be able to detect it and wait to see the news they’ve sent back." Yang Genming said.

"Alright!" After Chen Xiang and the rest finished drinking, they rushed back to the shop, where only Feng Lanyi was guarding.

"Boss, you’re finally back. There’s a weird guy looking for you. I originally told him to wait a bit longer, but when he found out that you weren’t here, he said he would come back in two days." Feng Lanyi said: "This guy is wearing a mask, he should be the guy you asked us to pay attention to before."

"Zhou Xingzhi!" Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I will not go out for the next two days, wait for him here. I will go concoct pills, if he comes, you can call for me."

"Alright!"

Chen Xiang entered the secret room and continued refining Legendary god Dan. He suddenly didn’t want to make this pill public, because it was simply too shocking. It would easily attract the strong Sects from Seven Mountains over, and they especially wanted to cause trouble for him.

He thought about it carefully, and finally decided not to sell the Legendary god Dan for the time being! Now that the situation inside the Tao-creation Ancient Place was so complicated, the Sects from Seven Mountains might want to exaggerate his strength. When he finds out that he has a Legendary god Dan, it would be even harder to mess with him.

Although Tao-creation Divine Lord would help him, he was still worried about Tao-creation Divine Lord’s strength. Tao-creation Divine Lord had to face seven super strong sects.

"Let’s first refine a few before we talk about anything else. In the future, we will definitely be able to use them." and Little White Fox had refined four crystals in one go, and he had also exhausted most of his Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals. Refining Legendary god Dan used up a lot of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, and he couldn’t sell them either for the time being, so he could only make up for it by selling Peak dan s.

Chen Xiang did not have much Tao-creation Divine Crystals left, he could only walk out of the secret room and enter the shop to see Zhou Xingzhi.

"Two days passed so quickly?" Chen Xiang laughed, Zhou Xingzhi said that he would be back in two days, he never expected that he would come back here so quickly.

"I have something important to talk to you about, so I came back and decided to wait for you here." Zhou Xingzhi said.

"Boss, I was going to ask for you, but he said that he wouldn’t disturb you in your concocting pills." Feng Lanyi felt that Zhou Xingzhi was very contradictory. If he had something to discuss with Chen Xiang, he would definitely be very anxious to meet her, but he didn’t allow her to go and find him.

Chen Xiang brought Zhou Xingzhi to a quiet little hall in the backyard.

"You have a Supreme Mantra?" Chen Xiang asked in a low voice.

"Not yet!" Zhou Xingzhi sighed: "You killed my brother, my people are very angry, they came to find trouble with you, and said that they want to capture you and sentence you to death."

"Tell them I killed your brother? Can’t you just hide it? " Chen Xiang said snappily.

"I wanted to hide it, but they used some strange incantations to observe my memories of my brother’s death with my own eyes." Zhou Xingzhi felt extremely helpless.

"How could your memories be so easily read?" Paternoster Race’s methods had also shocked Chen Xiang: "You don’t have any * *?"

"That’s not it. Because this is a very important matter, I have to cooperate with them!" They won’t look at my other memories. " Zhou Xingzhi also felt that this matter was very troublesome.

"Didn’t your father see that your brother was going to kill you?" Chen Xiang said again: "I saved you!"

"Yes, but he said it was different!" Zhou Xingzhi said helplessly: "So, you should hurry up and run now. They might already be on their way, and might even enter the city soon."

"Okay, how many of them are there?" Chen Xiang asked: "How do they plan to deal with me?"

They are both experts in our Paternoster Race. Although they are very young, their strength is stronger than me. Zhou Xingzhi said: "Hurry up and go."

"Un, thank you!" Chen Xiang said before immediately bringing Feng Lanyi to the City Lord’s Mansion.

Chen Xiang told Yang Genming and the others about the Paternoster Race.

"This group of people really aren’t people. It’s clearly that bullsh * t junior family head’s fault. If we kill him, we kill him. To think that they would still have reason to do so." Yan Jiu was extremely furious: "Chen Xiang, what are you afraid of them? With us here, we can immediately kill them all!"

Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "When did I say I was afraid of them? You guys don’t need to do anything, City Lord still has the entire Fighting Glorious City, just let me do it myself. After I made my move, I immediately left, and they couldn’t find me either. "

"Can you really do it yourself?" Yan Jiu was a little worried.

"Trust him." Yang Genming laughed, "Isn’t it just two fellows in the middle stages of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank? He can handle it. "

Yang Genming had seen Little White Fox’s strength, and knew that it was extremely terrifying. He could easily kill Mu Yijing with just his own strength, and even now, he could still remember it vividly. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Lie Dao had also seen it before, so he did not doubt Chen Xiang’s strength.

"I’m only temporarily leaving. To be honest, this Paternoster Race is pretty arrogant. He’s also very close to the Seven Great Sects. I need to take this opportunity to understand their strength." Chen Xiang said: "Right now, they have two core disciples. That would be for the best."

After Chen Xiang bade farewell to Yang Genming and the others, he returned to the inside of the shop, left a wooden tablet there, and carved a few words on it, saying that he was waiting for them at a place outside the city. In addition, he also carved some words of insult onto it.

After Chen Xiang finished all these, he immediately left the city and waited for the Paternoster Race at the agreed place.

"Will they really come?" Little White Fox asked.

"Don’t worry, they will definitely come back. I just don’t know when they will come back!" Chen Xiang smiled: "These fellows from Paternoster Race, are all more or less eccentric people, especially those who rarely come into contact with the outside world, if they saw someone insulting them like that, even if they don’t have legs, they would still use their hands to crawl over."

Chen Xiang was now a World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, adding the power of his Red fire dragon, he was not afraid of him, he felt that the strongest part of the opponent was the runes.

The experts in the Paternoster Race must have grasped a lot of Supreme Mantra, maybe even all of them. This was something that Chen Xiang needed to pay attention to.

The location that Chen Xiang had left on the wooden tablet was rather far from the Fighting Glorious City, so even with their fastest speed, it would still take them a few days to reach there.