Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

And during this period of time, Su Meiyao and the others would be able to finish refining the Legendary god Dan, and step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. At that time, his power would be even stronger, so there would be no need to worry about the two from Paternoster Race. Access:.

Chen Xiang waited underneath a tall mountain for a few days, and indeed, he sensed two extremely tyrannical auras. The people from the Paternoster Race didn’t conceal their own auras in the slightest.

"They really are two young people. They actually got angry that easily." Chen Xiang chuckled, from the aura of endless fury, he could sense that the other party had come with fury.

"If you want us to take action, then just say so." Su Meiyao said.

"It’s enough for Sister You You You You and her master and junior sister." Chen Xiang laughed: "Just do what you need to do inside."

The women in You Yao Mountain Villa had already stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and Xiao Xianglin in particular, was able to release two clones. Furthermore, she was also able to grasp the Pressure mantra, which was about the same as Little White Fox’s strength.

Bai Youyou had mastered the devil arts to an extreme. After entering the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, the devil arts would definitely be even more powerful.

"You are Chen Xiang?" The people from the Paternoster Race had arrived. The two youths had faces full of anger.

"No." Chen Xiang said: "Chen Xiang is waiting for you at the top of the mountain."

Chen Xiang had already changed his appearance, although the two young men had his portrait, they could not recognize him.

After they found out that Chen Xiang was at the top of the mountain, they immediately rushed up. However, when they reached the top of the mountain, they saw a sign and insulted them again. ’)

The two young men from Paternoster Race immediately charged down the mountain.

"Where is Chen Xiang?" The square-faced teenager roared in anger, "If you don’t say it, I’ll tear you apart!"

"I don’t know!" Chen Xiang pretended to be terrified.

"Don’t know?" "Then let me tear off one of your arms first. I don’t think you know?" The young man with a square face was filled with killing intent. He walked over and was about to grab Chen Xiang’s arm.

He clawed at Chen Xiang’s arm with all his might and only realized that he had missed.

"Haha, you two are really idiots." Chen Xiang laughed out loud from afar, the Mouse Man that he had released just now had actually fooled them.

They saw that Chen Xiang’s face was changing. They immediately understood, the person who tricked them to rush up the mountain just now, was Chen Xiang! When they came here, they actually made a scene out of Chen Xiang.

"It seems like we don’t need to bring you back for punishment. We will ’kill’ you here and tear off your ’flesh’ piece by piece." The other skinny young man’s face was filled with ruthlessness, and rushed towards Chen Xiang together with the square-faced young man.

Just as they were about to rush over, they were suddenly pushed back by a strong pressure that came from all directions and surrounded them.

Xiao Xianglin and Little White Fox had been hiding nearby this entire time. Both of them released their clones and used the Pressure mantra and Increase spell together to form several pressure walls surrounding the two young men from the Paternoster Race.

"It’s the Pressure mantra ... This is a very strong Supreme Mantra, we don’t even have one in Paternoster Race. There is also a Legendary mantra. " The square-faced young man’s face was filled with surprise.

"Sister You You, let’s go together!" Chen Xiang shouted.

Bai Youyou immediately came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa to deal with one person and one person respectively with Chen Xiang. They unleashed a wave of Bone-melting magic power from afar and even used a Increase spell to strengthen the Bone-melting magic power, pouring it into Xiao Xianglin and Little White Fox’s Pressure mantra.

Little White Fox and Xiao Xianglin then used the Fusion spell s, allowing the two waves of Bone-melting magic power to merge with their pressure, strengthening the Bone-melting magic power, and entering into the bodies of the two people from Paternoster Race.

This was something that Chen Xiang had long since predicted. He was extremely clear about the Pressure mantra, and when Little White Fox used it previously, he very easily pressed the flame into Mu Yijing’s body.

No matter how strong the bodies of the people from the Paternoster Race were, they would not be stronger than Mu Yijing by much. At most, they would only be able to use more powerful incantations, so Chen Xiang had to make the first move, allowing Little White Fox and Xiao Xianglin to release their clones. This was equivalent to six people using the Pressure mantra at the same time.

"What power is this? My bones are disappearing! " A person cried out in alarm.

"Mine too! He wants to kill us! "

Chen Xiang laughed: "You are here to kill me, why are you so weak? All of you are truly too weak. "

Chen Xiang’s taunts made them even more furious, but they were currently even more afraid, because they did not have the power to retaliate at all. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Sister You You You, we’ll give them to you!" Chen Xiang said. At the same time, Feng Ke’er also came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa with the golden needle.

Xiao Xianglin and Little White Fox withdrew the pressure and stood behind Bai Youyou. This could protect her at any time, and Chen Xiang even used his Six Realms mirrors to seal those two people.

The other party was from the Paternoster Race, so they had to be extremely careful in dealing with him, lest they counterattack and kill them.

Bai Youyou had trained her Soul Absorbing Devil Spell to the extreme, she was going to pull out all of the incantations these two people had.

"Is there?" Xiao Xianglin asked somewhat excitedly.

"Yes!" Bai Youyou nodded, "But they all learn the same thing."

"Can you ’make’ their incantations?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Sure, no problem." When Bai Youyou started to activate the Devouring magic kungfu, the person immediately felt his soul in extreme pain, as if it was being torn apart. He often tore at the bodies of others, thinking that it was the most painful thing to do, but it was only now that he realized that the soul tearing was the most painful.

Bai Youyou completed it very quickly, and then Chen Xiang released his Creation Flame, burning the bodies of the two people.

"It’s enough as long as the fellows from Paternoster Race come a little more." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Although Zhou Xingzhi does not have any Supreme Mantra that he can sell to you, he has brought two fellows with him. This is equivalent to giving you the Supreme Mantra." Xiao Xianglin laughed, following that, Bai Youyou would pass on the Supreme Mantra’s memories to him.

"Unfortunately, it’s not that easy to master! Master, the rest is up to you. " Chen Xiang said. If Xiao Xianglin could really refine Paternoster soul stone, he could easily control Supreme Mantra s.

After returning to the You Yao Mountain Villa, Bai Youyou immediately transmitted the memories she had devoured to Xiao Xianglin.

"My god, four Supreme Mantra, quite a few!" Xiao Xianglin said: "Even I don’t have that much of a grasp."

Being able to use four Supreme Mantra was pretty good.

"Sister You You, do you know where Paternoster Race is? You have devoured their memories, so you should know some secrets about the Tao-creation Ancient Place and the Paternoster Race, right? " Chen Xiang asked.

"The Paternoster Race is a very strange race. Even the young people of the Paternoster Race don’t know where the Paternoster Race came from in the first place. They only know that the Paternoster Race is closely related to the First Tao-creation Ancestor back then." Bai Youyou said.