Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The green ball of light was hit by Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors and flew over, continuously releasing green clouds of light towards Chen Xiang. Even if it was useless, it was still circling around Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang placed the balls of green light into the Six Realms mirrors. No matter what kind of seal was placed on them, they were unable to be sealed, and they were all running around randomly. It was the first time he had encountered something like this.

"Like a shadow!" As Chen Xiang walked down the mountain, he waved his hands towards the green orbs of light. What he did not expect was that there were dozens of green orbs of light hidden within this mountain, and they could not be chased away no matter how hard he tried. It gave him a huge headache, even though it would not harm him at the moment.

He didn’t dare to let Xiao Xianglin out to see what it was. He was worried that she would be engulfed.

"I can’t get out!" Chen Xiang returned to the place he came in and knocked into a barrier. The barrier was very strong and he was definitely unable to break through it.

He continued to wander around this area, searching for a way out. Otherwise, he would be trapped here for the rest of his life.

As he walked, he suddenly felt a trace of an aura.

"It’s the leader’s." Chen Xiang was overjoyed and immediately chased after the trace of Qi. However, at this time, there were dozens of green blobs of light following him from behind. These green blobs of light looked extremely terrifying and strange, especially in the dark forest, as frightening as a demon’s soul.

Chen Xiang followed the aura left behind by the group of leaders in the forest and eventually came to the conclusion. For this leader to leave behind his aura, it was obvious that he was fleeing in a hurry.

Soon, he arrived at the bottom of a mountain. He looked carefully and noticed that although this mountain had been covered well, there was still a trace of that person’s aura left on it.

"It’s really smart of him to hide in the belly of the mountain!" Chen Xiang laughed and immediately took action. Pushing away a few large rocks, he saw a cave.

"As expected of the leader. To be able to win so well, it’s a pity that I found out about him." Chen Xiang immediately rushed in.

The belly of the mountain was very spacious, and there were also a few strong barriers laid out by the leader in a short period of time, using array discs and Supreme Mantra s.

"A very strong Spirit Formation. I’m afraid I cannot enter." While Chen Xiang was trying to think of a way, he discovered that after the dozens of green orbs of light caught up to him, the green light they released could actually make the energy of the barrier gradually weaken.

Not long after, the enchantment became extremely weak and Chen Xiang easily charged in.

After entering the belly of the mountain, Chen Xiang saw the leader. The leader had heard the voices outside and he was extremely terrified, but he believed that his barrier was strong and would not be broken so easily. Then, Chen Xiang came in.

The leader of the Paternoster Race saw that there were dozens of those terrifying green blobs of light behind Chen Xiang, and his face immediately turned ashen. He did not know how Chen Xiang did it, but he wasn’t swallowed by these green blobs of light.

"Leader, it must have been hard for me to find you!" We must take care of each other when we enter such a dangerous place. "By the way, I’m being followed by some annoying things. Can you help me get rid of them?" Chen Xiang laughed.

This leader had already scolded Chen Xiang with all the profanities he had. It was obvious that Chen Xiang’s smile and expression was meant to bring such a terrifying thing to him.

"I will kill you!" The leader roared and was about to charge over, but the moment he released his aura, those green balls of light immediately flew over and surrounded him.

Chen Xiang immediately felt his scalp tingling. The aggressive leader had turned into a pile of bones in the blink of an eye! This was someone at the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he actually died just like that.

"Motherf * cker, I’ve been followed by these things for a long time, it’s really a miracle that I’m still alive!" Until now, Chen Xiang still could not understand why he was fine and not get swallowed by the green blob of light.

He was fine right now, but that did not mean that he would be fine in the future. These green blobs of light were extremely dangerous, and if he suddenly failed to defend against them, he would end up in the same situation as the skeletal leader in front of him.

Chen Xiang arrived at the mouth of the cave, moved the stone over and sealed the cave entrance, and then controlled the few array discs to strengthen the barrier.

"This should be fine." Chen Xiang did not need any glowing stones to light up inside the cave, those fifty or so green glowing balls were already enough to light up the cave, it was just that the kind of green glowing ball made him feel very uncomfortable.

"Are those things still with you?" Xiao Xianglin asked.

"Hm!" Do you believe that the arrogant leader from before died in an instant? " Chen Xiang said as he clicked his tongue, "These things are dangerous after all, I have to get rid of them as soon as possible."

Chen Xiang took out the Tianchuang furnace, and then placed a piece of Tao-creation Divine Crystal inside the Tianchuang furnace.

Just as he had guessed, the green orbs of light were extremely sensitive to energy and immediately swarmed into the Tianchuang furnace s. Chen Xiang immediately closed the lid.

However, these green blobs of light easily escaped from the Tianchuang furnace and shot out. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"What exactly is this thing?" Chen Xiang was extremely depressed. He then threw in a piece of Tao-creation Divine Crystal and released a ball of flame at the same time. He wanted to burn the green ball of light, but to no avail.

Chen Xiang had no other choice. He laid on the ground, looked at the green orbs of light floating above him, and thought about all sorts of ways.

"Elder Brother Shen, that tree has borne fruit." Jiang Sijing said.

The mysterious seed that Chen Xiang had obtained from the three strange mountains in the Blood Mud Plains had grown very quickly after Jiang Sijing and the others had planted it.

"That mysterious seed ..." Chen Xiang suddenly thought of something. The mysterious seed had previously made him unable to move, it was very similar to the energy released by the green ball of light.

"Is it because of this seed that I haven’t been devoured?" Chen Xiang thought to himself, then he asked Jiang Sijing to give him the fruits that he obtained.

Chen Xiang took the fruit into his hands, and the green orb of light floating above suddenly pressed down, then quickly rushed into the green fruit.

"As expected!" This time, Chen Xiang was sure that the green ball of light had a lot to do with the fruit.

What surprised Chen Xiang was that the fruit’s devouring ability seemed to be stronger than the green blob of light, actually devouring the green blob of light.

"Why are those green blobs of light able to contain so much energy?" Chen Xiang suddenly felt that it was strange, because the green ball of light itself did not release any of its Qi.

"Perhaps these green blobs of light are just like the bees, coming out to gather energy and then sending it back to the lair." Qin Shuang said: "It’s just that they don’t have to fly back, how will they be sent back to their lair?"

"Through the earth." Peng profoundfei suddenly said: "Previously, when these green balls of light were chasing you, they would suddenly drill into the ground and then appear in front of you, right?"

"Probably." Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Should I go to the lair to take a look? This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!