Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Long Xueyi said: "Little Scoundrel, if we ate this fruit, what would happen?"

Chen Xiang indeed had this thought, but he didn’t know if there would be any consequences to eating it, so he didn’t eat it immediately. The updates were quick.

"Let me see the readings!" He Fengyuan came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa: "This is a fruit, I might be able to read the memories inside the medicine soul."

"This fruit has been growing in the You Yao Mountain Villa. I’m afraid it doesn’t have any memories." Chen Xiang said.

He Fengyuan tried it again and found nothing. It could only be said that this fruit was very strange.

"Get out and let the fruit swallow a bit more green light!" Feng Lanyi said.

Chen Xiang also felt that this was pretty good. He walked out of the cave and then carefully walked outside to lure out all the green blobs of light that were hidden here.

Just by entering a forest, he was able to draw out dozens of people, and then he would climb another mountain, and dozens more.

In the next few days, he lured out over a thousand green blobs of light. This made him feel terrified. There were actually so many green blobs of light hidden inside, and if he was unable to defend against them, he would die without a doubt.

These thousands of green blobs of light were all absorbed by that fruit!

The originally green fruit suddenly changed. A white mist leaked out and the entire fruit became transparent.

"After eating enough, it evolved?" Chen Xiang looked at the transparent mysterious fruit in his hand.

"It should be edible." Long Xueyi said, she was most interested in eating.

Chen Xiang made a great decision that he would eat this fruit.

"It should be fine, there might be some benefits." Chen Xiang clenched his teeth, and forced himself to bite a few times on this strange fruit, before swallowing it.

Chen Xiang was currently inside the mountain cave. He sat on the ground and waited for the fruit’s power to erupt, but what surprised him was that the fruit did not have any kind of berserk energy. Instead, it was a type of energy that made him feel extremely comfortable.

"Is that it?" Chen Xiang only felt that it was more comfortable, so he didn’t feel anything else.

He continued to wait patiently. Suddenly, a voice rang out in his mind. It sounded like the voice of a child.

"Come back, come back ..."

Chen Xiang immediately opened his eyes: "This is a rare king in the green light ball’s cave? Summoning the green blob of light back? " He wanted to go to the lair to have a look, but he didn’t know how.

However, when he thought of going back, he felt as if his body had easily burrowed into the ground. A strange feeling came over him and he came to a forest filled with green light.

On top of the trees in this forest, there was that kind of green light ball everywhere, and in the middle of the forest, there was a small tree. When Chen Xiang saw the fruit of the small tree in the middle, he was even more sure that it was the tree that he had planted with the mysterious seed.

What surprised Chen Xiang was that, in a flash, the small tree had turned into a bald kid, and the nearby green balls of light all flew over, entering into the child’s body. In that instant, tens of thousands of green lights entered into the child’s body.

"Who are you?" The bald child asked in a tender voice. He looked to be only five or six years old.

At this time, Chen Xiang could feel that the child’s strength was extremely terrifying, being at the same level as the Uncle Shi.

"I... I’m the one who mistook this place for mine. " Chen Xiang said.

"You swallowed a thousand three hundred little green balls." The child snorted. "How did you do it?"

"I have a kind of fruit. If I take that fruit out, your little green ball will enter the fruit, and then I will eat those fruits. After hearing your voice, I don’t know what happened, but I came here." Chen Xiang answered truthfully.

"Seems like you have obtained the seed of the Tao-creation’s Tree." The child said with a face full of jealousy, "How did you get hold of such a thing?"

"The seed of the Tao-creation’s Tree?" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, "This thing sounds very powerful! I think you are made from a small tree, could you also be a Tao-creation’s tree? "

"Of course, there are a total of nine Tao-creation Trees. I am one of them, I am a Oldest Tree, and the others are not just small saplings or small seeds. Some of them have even been destroyed." The child said.

"Is there anything special about this Tao-creation Tree?" Although Chen Xiang ate that fruit, he did not know what use it had.

"I don’t know about your Tao-creation’s Tree. In short, my tree can release little green balls to gather energy." The Oldest Tree said, "Your Tao-creation’s Tree has already borne fruit, so you should also have the ability. Have you tried it?"

"How do I use it? I’ve never tried it! " Chen Xiang also wanted to know what was going on. Although the child in front of him was strong enough to release that kind of terrifying little green ball, he did not have any enmity towards Chen Xiang.

"Didn’t you eat the fruit? That’s how it was used! You should be able to feel the energy after eating the fruit. " Oldest Tree frowned her eyebrows, she was confused.

"My fruit absorbed a lot of your green balls, then became transparent, so I ate it."

Chen Xiang now that he thought about it carefully, the fruit seemed to have the ability to swallow things like the little green ball and store its energy inside.

"And then you can hear me? have you been summoned by me? " The Oldest Tree suddenly shouted, "I understand, the fruits of your Tao-creation Tree are able to contain all kinds of energy. After that, the energy inside the fruits will strengthen, and the fruits will become transparent, indicating that the fruits have reached their limit." Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"You have eaten a lot of my energy balls, so you should be able to grasp their power. Furthermore, there are so many of them, so your power should be very strong." The Oldest Tree said.

"What ability does Little Green Ball have?" Chen Xiang asked: "Is it able to devour?"

"The little green ball can’t swallow the energy of others. They only sensed it and then transferred it to me through the earth." The Oldest Tree replied, "Because you also have a Tao-creation tree, I am unable to absorb your energy."

"The main ability of the little green ball is to penetrate it. Try and see if you can sense the power of the little green ball in your body." The Oldest Tree urged, "Don’t just stand there. Try it quickly."

Chen Xiang immediately closed his eyes to sense, and very quickly, he felt a trace of green energy flowing through his Divine Sense Sea. He did not realize it before, but he immediately urged the green energy flow into his body, and his body suddenly released a green light.

"Through that tree." The Oldest Tree seemed to be very interested and excited as he shouted anxiously.

Chen Xiang immediately walked towards the tree, and easily penetrated through it, which made him extremely happy.