Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Seeing that Chen Xiang succeeded, the Oldest Tree nodded his head in satisfaction. ) -79xs- F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"In the future, you must treat that Tao-creation tree well, and the result should be difficult. Don’t eat too much, if you eat too much, you might be assimilated by the Tao-creation tree, and then you will be turned into a tree." Oldest Tree had his hands on his waist. This big fart kid spoke to Chen Xiang as if he was lecturing a junior, causing Chen Xiang to not know whether to laugh or cry.

"Oldest Tree, is this your territory?" Chen Xiang asked: "I was chased by a group of fellows, and then I entered inside. How do I get out?"

"Who is the person chasing and killing you? "I’ve already devoured quite a few of them, and they’re pretty fat." The Oldest Tree said.

"What’s the Paternoster Race? You definitely don’t know them. "These guys are all very strong. I can’t beat them for the time being, so I can only enter this dangerous place." Chen Xiang sighed.

"Hmph. Who said that I don’t recognize them? I can even recognize these bastards after they turn to dust." Oldest Tree said angrily. It was clear that he had some sort of enmity with Paternoster Race.

Chen Xiang suddenly thought that for such a fellow like the Oldest Tree to be arranged to be here, it was obvious that he was entrusted to be here by the Eighth Patriarch all those years ago, and it was very likely that the Tao-creation Divine Lord was the one who made him stay here.

"Oldest Tree, you are friends with them?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’m not friends with people like them!" Oldest Tree was very angry, "They were the ones who wanted to eat my fruit back then. I didn’t give it to them, then framed me and caused me to nearly burn to death."

"There’s actually such a thing!" Chen Xiang finally understood why when he heard about Paternoster Race, he was extremely furious, "Didn’t Tao-creation Divine Lord want to destroy them back then? Why are they still here? "

"They were created by the Eighth Patriarch ...." There were eight branches in all of the Paternoster Race, but later on, ’mixed’ into the Incantationers created by the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, and other than the Incantationers created by the Tao-creation Divine Lord, the other seven First Tao-creation Ancestor’s Incantationers were all not good people. "After remembering the past, the Oldest Tree was very angry," In the end, they teamed up and ’killed’ all of the casters created by the Tao-creation Divine Lord, and then they framed me. Luckily, the Tao-creation Divine Lord did not believe them. "

"Originally, the Tao-creation Divine Lord was going to destroy them, but they hid a large portion of them. At that time, the Tao-creation Divine Lord was busy preparing a rebirth after destroying the world, so they didn’t pay attention to it."

"Oldest Tree, do you know Uncle Shi?" Chen Xiang asked: "Like you, he’s inside the Eight ancestor contract map! You might not know that the Paternoster Race is just around the corner from your area. "

"I know of the Uncle Shi, he was the one who helped me out at that time! Right now, the situation outside is definitely very bad, that means the other First Tao-creation Ancestor are not good people, luckily they are not able to break through the Eight ancestor contract map. " Oldest Tree sneered: "Paternoster Race’s group of bastards are right next to me. They’re obviously waiting for an opportunity to find me.

Because there was a feud between Chen Xiang and Paternoster Race, Oldest Tree had a better impression of Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang kept talking about what had happened outside to the Oldest Tree.

"What a pity, I can’t even help Tao-creation Divine Lord right now, it’s all this damned Eight ancestor contract map’s fault." Oldest Tree was very vexed.

"Then do I have a way to get out?" Chen Xiang was very worried about this, he did not want to be sealed inside for the rest of his life.

"Of course you can, you’re not me!" After Oldest Tree finished speaking, he turned into a small tree, on it was carved a Eight ancestor contract map, and then he turned back into a child.

"I did restrict the Eight ancestor contract map, so I can’t leave the barrier. Now that you have the penetrating power of the green ball, there is definitely no problem, you can pass through the barrier." The Oldest Tree said: "After you leave, you must deal with those bastards from Paternoster Race."

"Don’t worry about that, they even wanted to capture me earlier and steal the new Supreme Mantra that I have." Chen Xiang laughed.

"I have a lot of good stuff stored here, but I can’t give it to you because of the Eight ancestor contract map’s restrictions. If anyone wants to take those things, I’ll have to fight them to the death." The Oldest Tree said.

"Don’t worry, I don’t want those things. I just want to go out and teach Paternoster Race a lesson." Chen Xiang felt that if he did not get rid of the Paternoster Race, there would be endless troubles in the future, because all the hopes of breaking the Eight ancestor contract map rested with the Paternoster Race.

"Good, then go and try it now." The Oldest Tree said.

Chen Xiang nodded, then was sent out of the place using a mysterious type of spatial energy to the side of the barrier.

"My luck is pretty good! As expected, Tao-creation Divine Lord has a good relationship with many people, and knows so many strange and powerful fellows. " Chen Xiang lamented in his heart. The previous Uncle Shi was transformed from a stone, but the current Oldest Tree was a tree of the Tao-creation.

When Chen Xiang arrived at the edge of the barrier, he immediately used his penetrating power to make his body emit a light green brilliance. After that, he walked towards the barrier but he was not reflected back.

"Did it work?" Chen Xiang quickened his pace and very quickly, he walked out of the terrifying barrier, "Could it be that all of the barriers can be broken like this? This is too unbelievable! "

Chen Xiang faced the mountain in front of him and gave it a try. He quickly started running, his body releasing green light, and then, he penetrated the stone mountain. He did not consume much energy.

After mastering this ability, Chen Xiang was very happy. He then ran wildly through the mountain, not turning even when he saw trees, rocks, or mountains. He released his penetrating power to pierce through them.

Tao-creation Ancient Place was extremely dangerous. Chen Xiang had been very lucky previously, but if he met someone like the Uncle Shi who did not care about face or wanted to fight as long as he met him, he would not be able to relax.

"Paternoster Race is too strong now, and this is their territory!" Chen Xiang leaned against a tree and rested. At the same time, he also formulated a plan to deal with the Paternoster Race.

"If not, Fighting Glorious City ... No, we won’t go back to the Fighting Glorious City, we will directly build a shop outside the Fighting Glorious City, and we will sell pills there. Bai Youyou said.

"I agree. If those fellows from the Paternoster Race come, that would be for the best. If they come with powerful abilities, it won’t be a problem for them to escape unscathed." Hua Li Qing said.

Chen Xiang’s You Yao Mountain Villa’s women had already stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, but they were only at the early stage. Only when Little White Fox and Xiao Xianglin used the Doppelgänger mantra could they compete against the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, so Bai Youyou and Feng Ke’er had to join hands.

If Feng Lanyi, Qin Shuang and Peng profoundfei worked together, they should also be able to ’kill’ a World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. He Fengyuan and Mei Jing Sisters Xiang’er were not very good at fighting, it would be difficult for them to deal with the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"When my super Time array is done refining, I will be able to refine more powerful Tao-creation Divine Weapons." Xiao Xianglin said: "With the help of the God Equipment, our overall strength will increase."