Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang made Xiao Xianglin create a house, the kind that could be put away, and with the specifications of a shop.

To Xiao Xianglin, this was a piece of cake. She quickly finished refining a seven-story tower. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Chen Xiang had already returned to the Fighting Glorious City. He did not go look for Yang Genming, but instead, stayed with him in the city. He sent many Mouse Man s out to find out more news, and found out that there were a lot of people here who needed to buy Peak dan s, so he still had two hundred of them.

Therefore, Su Meiyao did not continue to refine another Peak dan. Refining a single Peak dan would require the energy of fifty Tao-creation’s sacred crystals, so it could only be sold for one hundred Tao-creation’s divine crystals.

"Temporarily use the Peak dan in your hands." Chen Xiang said to Hua Liqing: "There are a lot of people here who need it, but right now, we are in possession of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal."

"Alright, get your Mouse Man to advertise everywhere, we’re going out of the city." Hua Liqing nodded.

Chen Xiang and Hua Liqing arrived outside the Fighting Glorious City, and then released the tower. After the news spread throughout the Mouse Man, many people knew that Chen Xiang’s shop had reopened.

Previously, they had received news that there was a force trying to deal with Chen Xiang in secret. Everyone thought that it was the Wood Mountain Sect because Chen Xiang had a conflict with the Wood Mountain Sect.

The shop rushed open and Hua Liqing managed it. Two hundred Peak dan were quickly sold.

"There are twenty thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals." After Hua Liqing finished selling the Peak dan, he closed the shop’s door and gave the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal to Chen Xiang.

"I still have a Legendary god Dan in my hand, take it to the auction." Chen Xiang said: "We need to accumulate a large amount of Tao-creation Holy Crystals. In the future, we will consume a lot of Tao-creation Holy Crystals."

After Hua Liqing obtained the Legendary god Dan, he had the Mouse Man go and advertise, letting many people know that. At the same time, he also hinted that the price of the Legendary god Dan was not low, and that it was at least fifteen thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

Yang Genming heard about Chen Xiang’s return from the City Lord’s Mansion, but he did not open a shop in the Fighting Glorious City. Instead, he opened a shop outside of the city.

If they were to open a shop outside the city, once someone came to cause trouble, Chen Xiang would not hesitate to kill them all, and would even be able to fight them all, but he could not do it in the Fighting Glorious City, as there were many things he needed to take into consideration.

"We’re finally selling the Legendary god Dan." Yang Genming said: "Lie Dao, go help publicize it."

"Alright!" Fierce Blade immediately took action.

If someone else said that he had a divine pellet that could help him enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, no one would believe them. If it was Boss Shen’s store, many people would believe it without a doubt.

This was because the Peak dan s of Chen Xiang’s past were extremely famous.

Three days later, Chen Xiang asked Little White Fox, Feng Lanyi and Bai Youyou to watch over the auction inside the shop while he went into the Time Formation to refine Legendary god Dan.

Anyone who could afford to buy Legendary god Dan would be able to use them, so they would definitely be able to verify their abilities in a short period of time.

At this time, all the major powers of the Fighting Glorious City had gathered here, and those who were participating in the auction, needed to have at least ten thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals in order to qualify.

The majority of Legendary god Dan were bought for the younger generation to use. Their own descendants were able to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank at such a young age and become their right hand men.

In these three days of time, Chen Xiang had already refined four pieces of Legendary god Dan.

Chen Xiang was not at the auction, but was at the top floor of the tower, controlling a thousand Mouse Man s and a single illusion. If anyone from the Paternoster Race came, he would be able to discover them immediately.

The Legendary god Dan’s name was famous, and had already spread to a few nearby big cities, where many big shots of these big cities all came.

"There shouldn’t be any Incantationers here." At this moment, Chen Xiang was no longer afraid of the people of the Paternoster Race, because he knew that the rankers who had mastered a large number of Supreme Mantra could not be sent out, and the only ones that could be sent out were the Junior Clan Leader or Zhou Xingzhi.

The auction had already begun, Chen Xiang, Little White Fox, Feng Lanyi and Feng Lanyi were in charge of protecting the people outside. Although many of the people participating in the auction were experts at the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, they were customers and could not be helped.

Chen Xiang passed by the Mouse Man, and suddenly saw a familiar person rushing over from afar. Chen Xiang immediately let the Mouse Man pass through.

"Go away, don’t block my way." Zhou Xingzhi saw that there was someone in front and anxiously shouted.

"Brother Zhou, I am Chen Xiang." The Mouse Man chuckled, "Are the people from Paternoster Race coming?"

"You are really Chen Xiang?" Zhou Xingzhi did not sense Chen Xiang’s Qi, but he quickly believed it, "This time, not only the people from our Paternoster Race are here, the Fire Mountain School is also here!"

"Is your Legendary god Dan real?" Zhou Xingzhi still couldn’t believe it.

"Of course it’s true!" The Mouse Man laughed.

"By the way, how did you get out of there? You obviously entered that damned place, and there is the seal of the Eight ancestor contract map, so you won’t be able to get out after entering. " Last time, Zhou Xingzhi had also participated in capturing Chen Xiang, and even met him before, but he did not capture him.

"Luck!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Are the people who came this time strong?"

"Of course they’re strong. Some are in the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank." Zhou Xingzhi suddenly thought of something important, "They will be here soon! I think it’s because of your Legendary god Dan! Your Legendary god Dan was able to allow people to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, but it has been many years since Fire Mountain School has been able to do so. Furthermore, you have a conflict with the Paternoster Race, so they have an excuse to deal with you. "

"I’ll tell you what’s going on with these fellows. You can just deal with me directly. What kind of excuse do you want?" You clearly did many shameless things, but you always have to consider your own face. " Chen Xiang laughed: Thank you for your reminder, Brother Zhou.

"What are you thanking me for!" "Why aren’t you leaving yet?" Zhou Xingzhi said: "They are coming over soon ...."

"They’re already here. I can feel their auras." Chen Xiang laughed: "You should also come and watch the show quickly."

The auction within the tower was extremely intense. Through the Mouse Man that was arranged for Chen Xiang to enter, he found out that he had already obtained three pellets with prices above twenty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

The fourth pill was currently being auctioned.

Yang Genming was also in the auction house, the people he had arranged to be outside sensed that a large group of people had appeared and immediately called out to him, causing Yang Genming to quickly run out of the auction house.

"It’s not Fire Mountain School or Paternoster Race, it’s Wood Mountain Sect!" Chen Xiang felt a familiar aura. It was none other than the outer sect Leader s of the Wood Mountain Sect.

"Did these guys teleport out of the Tao-creation Ancient Place using the Transmission array? It should be a lot of Tao-creation Holy Crystals, looks like they have to at least earn some Tao-creation Holy Crystals to transfer them, if not they would not let this matter rest. " Chen Xiang sighed: "These robbers, they always want me."