Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Because this was an auction, there were initially many people waiting outside for news. The people of Jade Sect and Wood Mountain Sect were killed by Chen Xiang so quickly, they were all trembling in fear.

[] Mianhuatang. The CC was even faster, the website pages were refreshing, and there were not many advertisements. They loved this type of website the most, so you have to give them good reviews.]

If the pressure had hit them just now, the consequences would have been obvious. They were not prepared and did not know what Chen Xiang’s methods were, but they did not expect that Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors was so terrifying that it was impossible to guard against.

Although it could destroy two groups of people, Chen Xiang and the rest were under a lot of pressure.

"What flowers are there?" The old man from the Paternoster Race immediately released a shield of runes around his body, and the rest of the Paternoster Race followed suit.

As for the people from Flame Mountain Sect, they were hiding behind them. The runic barrier was a very powerful type.

Just then, Hua Li Qing opened the door, and a group of people ran out. This group of people were all very strong, and there were a lot of them in the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, but Chen Xiang didn’t expect that there would be two of them at the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, for a total of around twenty people.

"What’s going on? Why are they fighting! "

"I already felt that something was wrong with the atmosphere outside. So Boss Shen is here to stop us from causing trouble!"

"Very strong!" "Is this a result that belongs to Yan Shan Gate?"

"Boss Shen, do you need help?" Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang immediately thought that he was a master of pill concocting, and these people desperately needed pills. He could definitely get this group of people to come and help him.

"Yes, as long as we can eliminate them, I will sell the Legendary god Dan for a good price in the future. You should know about the credibility of I, Chen Xiang." Chen Xiang said: "I already killed two groups of people, so there’s only this group left."

Previously, Chen Xiang was able to ’get’ a ’Peak dan, and later, a’ Legendary god Dan ’, so he was definitely able to’ get ’better’ pills in the future. These two pills were more than enough to prove Chen Xiang’s potential, and since this was a golden leg, everyone here wanted to hug it a little tighter, so no matter who it was that came to cause trouble, they all agreed.

"If I can capture them alive, I’m willing to use a Legendary god Dan to obtain them."

The people from Flame Mountain Sect and Paternoster Race were dumbfounded. They never thought that Chen Xiang had such rallying powers.

In such a situation, the people of Flame Mountain Sect and Paternoster Race retreated immediately. However, Chen Xiang had already said that only by exterminating them would they be able to get a reasonable price and buy the Legendary god Dan.

As a result, the people from Flame Mountain Sect and the Paternoster Race were chased far away by more than twenty World Defying Stage Legendary Rank s. After more than four hours, only one Paternoster Race disciple was captured alive.

The one who captured Paternoster Race was an old lady from World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. She laughed and handed over the half-crippled person to Chen Xiang.

"Everyone, this one will need some time to refine the Legendary god Dan. I wonder if everyone can wait here for a while, I will get Shopkeeper Li Qing to discuss a satisfactory price with everyone." Chen Xiang said.

"No problem, no problem. We will just wait here. You can start concocting pills peacefully." The old lady laughed. Before, she did not manage to snatch the Legendary god Dan, but she managed to capture a Paternoster Race alive, which was equivalent to acquiring a Legendary god Dan worth twenty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals. Thus, even if she gave her all her life, she would still let Chen Xiang safely refine a Legendary god Dan.

Yang Genming shrugged towards Lie Dao and Yan Jiu, but it was not their turn to take action.

"This is the power of a master apothecary." Yang Genming chuckled: "Among that group of people who came to cause trouble, only one is still alive."

had actually killed off all four groups of people who had come to cause trouble, including some who were at the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. This was an incredible thing, if this matter were to spread to the Tao-creation Ancient Place, it would definitely cause a huge stir in the seven major sects and the Paternoster Race s.

Flower Li Qing handed over the five Tao-creation Holy Crystals that the Legendary god Dan had auctioned for him to Chen Xiang. There was a total of one hundred and ten thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals, and he still needed to refine twenty-one Legendary god Dan in order to thank the people who had helped him.

"When the time comes, we will sell them fifteen thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals." Lonesome Flower said, "You’ll earn a lot from this too."

"Alright, go and discuss the price with them, I’ll go concoct pills." Chen Xiang laughed: "We need to recruit a group of thugs. In the future, there will be more and more of these things."

Xiao Xianglin was also much more relieved now. She went back to refine her super Time array but Little White Fox and Bai Youyou were still outside guarding.

Inside the Time Formation, Chen Xiang was accelerating with his pill refining.

Five people bought the Legendary god Dan, and at the same time, they were using the Time array to make their own juniors consume and refine them. Although they knew that Chen Xiang would not lie to them, they still did not believe in the effects of the pill at the bottom of their hearts.

It was hard to imagine that Peak of World Defying magic realm could immediately step into the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank after consuming such a pellet! Especially for these people who had already stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, they had experienced the arduous journey of breaking through, going through countless difficulties, and had taken at least tens of thousands of years to do so.

He just did not want others to think that this type of pill would be easy to refine. At the same time, he also thought that other people might come and cause trouble, and at that time, he would also have these big shots of the powerhouses coming to take care of the people who came to cause trouble. It would be free of charge anyway.

When Chen Xiang came out, there were a few more young World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. Although they had proud looks on their faces, but after Soaring Sky, they were all extremely respectful.

"Hello, Boss Shen!"

"Greetings, Master Shen!"

Those youths and seniors all greeted Chen Xiang, as they had already verified the abilities of the Legendary god Dan.

"Boss, they have already given me the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal. Right now, you only need to give them the Legendary god Dan." Hua Li Qing said.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang laughed and began to distribute the Legendary god Dan s. Twenty of them needed to use the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, and the old lady was giving them to him as a gift.

At this time, everyone was extremely happy, and Chen Xiang had said that they would be able to purchase it at this price in the future.

Previously, in order to refine more than twenty Legendary god Dan s, he had exhausted all of his hundred thousand Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals. However, right now, he was selling them for three hundred thousand Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals.

would have to use it to refine some formation plates or something in the future. In the future, he would also need to use more of the Tao-creation Holy Crystals to refine even better pellets.

There were still a lot of Tao-creation’s sacred crystals in the Tao-creation Ancient Place, especially in the depths, which would be dug out by many in the future.

Bai Youyou had already devoured five Supreme Mantra from the memories of the Incantationer.

"There are four who are the same as the previous ones." Bai Youyou said: "Only one is different. Inside Paternoster Race, many people grasp the same Supreme Mantra."