Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had killed three great sects and a man sent by a clan. Furthermore, these people were all extremely powerful, and had very high positions in their forces. Now that they were all dead, this was a very serious matter.

When the Icy Jade Sect, Wood Mountain Sect and the Leader found out about this, they were enraged. However, they had yet to find an enemy they had been wary of for many years, and that was the Tao-creation Divine Lord!

They had all thought that by sending people to bring Chen Xiang back, they would be able to get the pill formulas from Chen Xiang no matter what means they used. They had felt that the people they sent out were sufficient to deal with him, since they were only at the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

Chen Xiang sold those Legendary god Dan s and obtained a large sum of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, which was enough for him to use for a period of time. In the remaining time, he wouldn’t need to worry about not having enough Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

He claimed that he was from the Super Yuan Dan Alliance and he came here to invite Chen Xiang to participate in the convention organized by the Super Yuan Dan Alliance. He only left an invitation for Hua Liqing to pass it to him.

Chen Xiang took the invitation and went to find Yang Genming.

"Super Yuan Dan Alliance? I have never heard of it in all my years in Seven Mountains Divine Island. " Yang Genming read the contents of the invitation card and said with a frown, "Boss Shen, if you want to go, you must be careful. Who knows who set this up for you."

"Don’t worry about that, no one can fool me." Chen Xiang laughed: "I will go take a look, anyway, I’m on top of the Seven Mountains Divine Island. From the map, I can see that it’s pretty close to here."

"Mm, then you must be careful. The Seven Great Sects must be paying a lot of attention to you right now." Yang Genming reminded him, "If you find anything wrong, you must leave immediately."

Chen Xiang nodded his head and accepted the invitation, following the map and hurrying on his way.

"Boss, that old man said that Super Yuan Dan Alliance is very mysterious. Although there are a lot of Alchemist s that have joined, these Alchemist s have never told anyone else." Hua Liqing said, "I asked him about the main function of the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, but he didn’t tell me. He said that only those who have joined the Super Yuan Dan Alliance can know about this."

"If it works, I’ll definitely join." Chen Xiang said: "If there is a master alchemist from the Seven Mountains Divine Island inside, it would be good, I can learn something from him."

The Super Yuan Dan Alliance was a villa built in a mountain range that was hidden very deeply. Chen Xiang had to travel for several days before arriving here.

Chen Xiang could already see it from afar. After arriving at the main entrance, he did not see anyone, but he saw a crystal, on it were some words engraved, saying that they wanted to show the invitation card.

Chen Xiang took out the invitation card and looked at the water Spar. The door slowly opened, allowing Chen Xiang to rush in by himself.

After entering, Chen Xiang saw a few people there, all of them were elderly men in white robes.

When they saw that someone had entered, they hurriedly walked over with a smile.

"Little brother, look at your invitation card. We are responsible for receiving you." An old man said.

Chen Xiang handed over the invitation.

"Chen Xiang? the one who made the Legendary god Dan? " When the old man saw the name on it, he immediately revealed a look of admiration.

"That’s me!" Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "This Super Yuan Dan Alliance is truly astonishing, I wonder when did you establish it?"

These few elders all knew about the Legendary god Dan, so they were extremely respectful to Chen Xiang.

"Master Shen, this cannot be said for now, because you are not a member of our Super Yuan Dan Alliance. According to the rules, we cannot say it, so please forgive us." The old man said, "You are our esteemed guest. Come, I will bring you to your residence."

Chen Xiang was even more curious about the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, he could only follow the old man to his residence.

The old man was only the Peak of World Defying magic realm, if he ate a Legendary god Dan, he would be able to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"Master Shen, I wonder if you still have any Legendary god Dan left?" the old man asked.

"Not at the moment. Sorry." Indeed, Chen Xiang did not have any Legendary god Dan s with him.

The old man was disappointed, but even if Chen Xiang had a Legendary god Dan, he couldn’t afford it, because the price was at least fifteen thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

Chen Xiang’s residence was in a quiet location in the Villa, in a small house by the river.

"Except for the enchanted area, you can’t enter any other place." The old man said.

"Mm, sorry to trouble you." Chen Xiang politely smiled and said.

After the old man left, Chen Xiang could not sit still, and immediately started walking around. He met many people he did not know, and they did not know him either.

He only knew that these people were all esteemed guests that had been invited, and were not people from the Super Yuan Dan Alliance.

A few days later, Chen Xiang and the hundred over guests were invited to a hall.

There were already more than a hundred people waiting in the hall. Most of them were elderly, some were middle-aged and some were young.

"Welcome, esteemed guests. I am the alliance master of Super Yuan Dan Alliance, Chu Jinfeng." A tall and sturdy white-haired man walked over and laughed heartily.

"Greetings, Alliance Head!" Everyone greeted him.

"Please sit, please sit!" Chu Jinfeng immediately invited everyone to take a seat. There were many seats in the hall, and no one talked much after sitting down.

Most of the people who were invited were Alchemist. Alchemist usually refined pills and had a solitary personality, so only a few people could chat about it.

Chen Xiang also did not interact with other people. He did not have a clear understanding of the Super Yuan Dan Alliance and did not want to be so high-profile.

"Everyone, there are two reasons why you are invited to participate in our conference. The first reason is that we, the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, need new members, and you are all powerful Alchemist!" Chu Jinfeng stood in front and said with a clear voice. "The second reason is that the Seven Mountains Divine Island is facing a huge crisis, and the entire island might even collapse."

Chen Xiang was curious, how did this Chu Jinfeng know about this?

"To be honest, the seven great sects each have seven First Tao-creation Ancestor s, and these seven great ancestors all absorbed the power of the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor before, so right now, they are all half evil and in great danger." When Chu Jinfeng said these words, everyone present let out a burst of surprised exclamations.

"Isn’t Tao-creation Evil Ancestor outside?"

"That’s right! Tao-creation Evil Ancestor just destroyed the Tao-creation Ice Mountain, they should still be doing evil deeds outside, why was they absorbed by the seven ancestors? "

"You might not know this, but the one outside is not the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, but the Tao-creation Divine Lord. This is a long story, you guys have to listen to me patiently." Chu Jinfeng then began to narrate the grudge between the Tao-creation Divine Lord and the seven progenitors. This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!