Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang knew about all of these things, but he was still surprised, who exactly was Chu Jinfeng, to actually know about these things! Chu Jinfeng was the alliance master and founder of the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, and the fact that the Super Yuan Dan Alliance had existed for a long time made Chen Xiang extremely curious.

Reads;.

Chen Xiang did not expect Chu Jinfeng to know about the matters of the Paternoster Race!

"Right now, the Paternoster Race is the key to breaking through the Eight ancestor contract map. Once the Eight ancestor contract map is broken through, the Paternoster Race will be under any restrictions, and running out of the Tao-creation Ancient Place will be our nightmare." Chu Jinfeng said.

Initially, those who were invited did not believe it, but after sensing the powerful Qi that Chu Jinfeng was secretly releasing, they believed it! One must know that there were also late stage World Defying Stage Legendary Rank s who were invited, and even they could feel a strong aura, that was definitely not simple.

"If it’s stronger than the aura of the late stage World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, could it be that he is at the peak of the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank?" Chen Xiang could only feel a hint of indistinct Qi, but he was not too sure. He only knew that this Qi was way stronger than the late stage World Defying Stage Legendary Rank that he had faced before.

Chu Jinfeng continued to speak, "There is a large amount of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals in the Tao-creation Ancient Place. Once the Eight ancestor contract map is broken, all sorts of heavenly and earthly treasures will fall into the hands of the Seven Great Sects and the Paternoster Race. They have obtained a large amount of resources and are much stronger than us, so we can only allow them to slaughter us easily. "

Chen Xiang secretly nodded his head, he did not know what the Tao-creation Divine Lord was doing inside either. The Tao-creation Divine Lord’s strength must be limited, because the Tao-creation Divine Lord was not very strong, and had been sealed for so many years.

"Then what should we do? Are we really going to escape Seven Mountains Divine Island? "

"Is there a world better than the Seven Mountains Divine Island?"

"No, Seven Mountains Divine Island is the best out of all the Tao-creation Place."

Everyone was very worried. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"I said before, the Seven Mountains Divine Island would be destroyed! The Tao-creation Divine Lord is already inside the Tao-creation Ancient Place. He was planning to do his best to destroy the entire Seven Mountains Divine Island and let the geniuses and treasures spread to all over the place. At that time, we would return to the Tao-creation Place and the Seven Mountains Divine Island would no longer exist. Chu Jinfeng sighed: "This is the best way."

Chen Xiang also felt that this method was not bad. Although it was impossible to obtain, it could not be obtained by the Paternoster Race and the Sects from Seven Mountains.

The Seven Mountains Divine Island was about to be exterminated, and Chen Xiang was also sighing endlessly. Fortunately he had earned enough Tao-creation Holy Crystals to allow him to survive this period of time.

"But I want everyone to join the Super Yuan Dan Alliance to gather their power! Once the Seven Mountains Divine Island is destroyed, we can also use it to protect ourselves! The seven major sects and the Paternoster Race s were very strong. An even more terrifying power would also be born! This is because we are all from the Alchemist s and we are all going to be their most important targets. " Chu Jinfeng sighed, "If all of you agree to join our Super Yuan Dan Alliance, we will immediately arrange for all of you to leave the Seven Mountains Divine Island."

"If you join our Super Yuan Dan Alliance, there will be very good treatment for you. We have a lot of ingredients and recipes that we can give to everyone when the time comes! Everyone can also improve our pill formulas and share them later. "

"In addition, we are also preparing to gift you two World Defying Dan grain."

Two World Defying Dan grain s, this made Chen Xiang and the others, who were invited as Alchemist, exclaim in shock. Just this point was enough to make their hearts move.

At this time, many people agreed to join the Super Yuan Dan Alliance and leave.

But Chen Xiang was completely silent.

He knew how powerful the Eight ancestor contract map was, and how difficult it was to break through it. The Seven Great Sects and the Paternoster Race s, however, took many years to succeed, and even the Tao-creation Divine Lord himself was unable to break through them.

The Eight ancestor contract map was also protecting the Seven Mountains Divine Island, but Chu Jinfeng said that the Seven Mountains Divine Island was about to be destroyed, what kind of power could destroy the Seven Mountains Divine Island? Divide the genius of the Tao-creation Ancient Place into different realms?

Other than Chen Xiang, everyone else had already gone to queue up to join the Super Yuan Dan Alliance.

Chu Jinfeng saw that Chen Xiang was deep in thought, and walked over.

"Come with me. There are some things I need to discuss with you alone." Chu Jinfeng smiled.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang followed Chu Jinfeng into a secret room.

"Do you have any doubts now? Why didn’t he join the Super Yuan Dan Alliance? You can refine Legendary god Dan, if you join Super Yuan Dan Alliance, you would definitely be able to become the pillar of our Super Yuan Dan Alliance. " Chu Jinfeng was very suspicious. He also knew how powerful Chen Xiang was, "If it’s me, you don’t have to doubt me. You already know what’s going on inside the Tao-creation Ancient Place."

"Alliance Head Chu, the situation in the Tao-creation Ancient Place that you mentioned is indeed as I know it. I am just very curious about your identity." Chen Xiang said.

"Tao-creation Divine Lord is my master." Chu Jinfeng said: "The main reason he was able to come to Tao-creation Ancient Place was because of your help. Otherwise, it would have been impossible for his plan to be completed."

There were not many people like him who came to the Tao-creation Ancient Place to know about this matter. Since Chu Jinfeng was able to know about it, it must have been the Tao-creation Divine Lord who told him.

"I have already created the Super Yuan Dan Alliance for many years, but I have never seen such an outstanding Alchemist like you." Chu Jinfeng patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, and laughed: "If you do not wish to join Super Yuan Dan Alliance, I will not force you."

"I’m just used to being free." Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s not that I don’t want to, it’s purely related to my personality. If I want to join, that’s fine, but I might not come back here even once a year, if I do, I can contribute a few Legendary god Dan. "

"That’s it." Chu Jinfeng laughed: "Take this, and from now on, you are a member of my Super Yuan Dan Alliance.

Chen Xiang received a plate, looked at it, and kept it.

"Alliance Master, as far as I know, Eight ancestor contract map are very sturdy and won’t be broken that easily." Chen Xiang said: "As long as the Eight ancestor contract map exists, the Seven Mountains Divine Island will not be destroyed, right!"

"Indeed, but ..." As long as my power is strong enough, I can defeat the Eight ancestor contract map. " Chu Jinfeng let out a long sigh, "In the depths of the Seven Mountains Divine Island, there is an extremely terrifying thing hidden. Master made a huge decision, which was why that thing woke up.

"What is it?" Chen Xiang’s brows twitched. Something that could destroy the entire Seven Mountains Divine Island must definitely be very terrifying.

"Killing evil dragon!" When Chu Jinfeng said these four words, he felt fear.

Chen Xiang was startled. He had released the Killing evil dragon before, and it was indeed very scary, causing him to no longer dare to be ’chaotic’. He also did not know whether his own Red fire dragon would become a Killing evil dragon again.