Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

"Where did the Killing evil dragon come from?" Chen Xiang was calm and composed, but in his heart, he was secretly worried, that his Killing evil dragon would awaken. 79xs.

"The ones left behind by the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor! The Tao-creation Evil Ancestor himself was not too strong, but the Killing evil dragon he cultivated is the most terrifying. Back then, the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor mainly consisted of the other seven ancestors, while my master brought people to deal with the Killing evil dragon. Chu Jinfeng said.

The Killing evil dragon was actually hidden under the Seven Mountains Divine Island. Chen Xiang felt his heart palpitating with fear and couldn’t wait to leave the island. This was simply too terrifying.

The Killing evil dragon that the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor s could cultivate could indeed have enough power to destroy the Seven Mountains Divine Island.

"It shouldn’t be good for the Tao-creation Divine Lord to do that. If the Killing evil dragon comes out, it will be a disaster for the entire Tao-creation Place." Chen Xiang said.

"Master said that if the Killing evil dragon wakes up and breaks through, it would itself suffer heavy injuries and would definitely hide away to recover. As for him, as long as we seal it again during this period when he recovers, it would be fine." Chu Jinfeng said: "This is something that master will consider."

"There are a lot of people on this island. What I need to do now is to open the barrier that covers the entire Seven Mountains Divine Island, and let them leave the Seven Mountains Divine Island. If not, the people on this island will definitely die."

Chen Xiang thought of the Oldest Tree and Uncle Shi.

"Alliance Master, there are many friends of the Tao-creation Divine Lord in the that are inside the Eight ancestor contract map. If something like that were to happen, wouldn’t they die?" Chen Xiang was very worried, he felt that Oldest Tree and Uncle Shi were both very good. Read the full text of the latest chapter

"Don’t worry, they will be fine. They are protected by the Eight ancestor contract map’s power, and at most they will only be injured. Then, they will be hit by the energy and be blown away to other places." Chu Jinfeng laughed: "There is no time to lose, I will go and prepare, you should also quickly go and inform your friends here."

"Alright!"

Chen Xiang and the new Alchemist left the Villa immediately to notify their friends.

The World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum within the Fighting Glorious City let out waves and waves of shouts. Due to the appearance of a large number of Peak dan, many experts of the Peak of World Defying magic realm appeared in the city.

When Chen Xiang found out that Yang Genming was in World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, he immediately rushed over to the private box that held Yang Genming.

"Boss Shen, how about the Super Yuan Dan Alliance? Is that true? " Yang Genming anxiously asked as he returned.

Lie Dao and Yan Jiu were also here, Chen Xiang told them what he learned from going to the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, and when they found out that the Seven Mountains Divine Island was about to be finished, they were extremely shocked.

"Is this credible?" Yang Genming was the most depressed, he was now the City Lord of the Fighting Glorious City, if he were to be done for, he would suffer heavy losses.

"Trusted!" Chen Xiang said: "City Lord! If the Seven Mountains Divine Island is not destroyed, your life will be even more miserable in the future. At least right now, the Sects from Seven Mountains does not have enough power to deal with the major powers on the island.

"However, they have obtained a large amount of resources from the Tao-creation Ancient Place. That way, they would have enough strength to dominate the Seven Mountains Divine Island in the future."

Yang Genming nodded and sighed: "That’s right, if the Seven Mountains Divine Island is destroyed, not only would they not get anything, they would also lose a lot of things, and everyone would be the same.

"City Lord, you can build your own Fighting Glorious City on the surface as well." Lie Dao laughed: It won’t be difficult to get us to help you. Although you are currently a City Lord, there are many other forces here ... If you get to the surface and immediately build a Fighting Glorious City, that would be your decision. "

"Yes!" Yang Genming laughed: "It’s a good thing! The other fellows were secretly controlling the Fighting Glorious City, they had always wanted to kick this City Lord out of the system, hehe! "

Yang Genming was a very charismatic person. If he were to go and rebuild his Fighting Glorious City on the surface, as long as he was around, his Fighting Glorious City would flourish just like before.

"I’ll make another trip to Tao-creation Ancient Place." Chen Xiang said: "You can arrange for yourselves."

... ....

The reason why Chen Xiang went to the Tao-creation Ancient Place was mainly to look for the Uncle Shi and Oldest Tree, as well as Zhou Xingzhi.

The first person he found was the Uncle Shi.

"If I really do that, I might be injured." Uncle Shi laughed: "The Killing evil dragon is sealed inside the Seven Mountains Divine Island, I still have a part in this matter."

"Does Oldest Tree have a share too?" Chen Xiang asked. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Mm, don’t be like this, he’s a little brat. He’s very strong." Uncle Shi nodded his head: "I’ve already met him. This guy is very mean at times, but he’s not bad."

"Little guy, don’t worry, I’ll be fine." The Uncle Shi laughed.

"Then senior will take his leave, I will go look for Oldest Tree." Chen Xiang was relieved, the Uncle Shi could be considered his friend.

Chen Xiang arrived near the Paternoster Race once again. After entering the barrier, he immediately used the penetrating force of the green ball to head towards the space where the Oldest Tree was.

When Chen Xiang arrived, he immediately told Oldest Tree about the Killing evil dragon. Oldest Tree’s reaction was the same as Uncle Shi’s, they were not surprised by his actions.

"Oldest Tree, do you think that after the Seven Mountains Divine Island is destroyed, these bunch of fellows from the Paternoster Race will also be able to get out?" Chen Xiang said.

"That’s for sure, but their defense isn’t that good. When the time comes, they will definitely suffer a great loss." Oldest Tree laughed: "I can finally leave this damned Eight ancestor contract map, I never thought that the hand Tao-creation Divine Lord left behind was really useful, he did not waste my time sealing the Killing evil dragon."

Chen Xiang bid farewell to Oldest Tree, and started to wander around the tree spirits outside. Two days later, he finally saw Zhou Xingzhi, and immediately sent him a sound transmission.

"Chen Xiang... Why are you still staying here, you should hurry up and leave the Seven Mountains Divine Island, this place is going to end very soon. " Zhou Xingzhi said.

"You know about this too?" Chen Xiang was secretly surprised.

"Now the entire Seven Mountains Divine Island is dressed up in full dress, how could I not know? Right now, our Paternoster Race is also doing our own defense, but I do not know if we can do it, I am planning to leave the Seven Mountains Divine Island right now, hoping that within the time limit, the Seven Mountains Divine Island will be destroyed, and then, I will not be restricted. " Zhou Xingzhi said.

The Incantation Man could not leave Tao-creation Ancient Place for too long, if it was serious, he would die. If the Seven Mountains Divine Island was destroyed, Zhou Xingzhi would not have to worry.

"What are the reactions of the Seven Great Sects now?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know. Let’s hurry up and go." Zhou Xingzhi anxiously said: "I sneaked out."

Zhou Xingzhi did not continue speaking with Chen Xiang. While the other clan members were not paying attention, he quickly ran, and Chen Xiang followed behind him. They quickly left the Tao-creation Ancient Place.