Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After the Seven Mountains Divine Island was destroyed, it broke into pieces and turned into many specks of light that scattered. Everyone searched for the location of the specks of light, if they were lucky, they might actually be able to find it, it might even be the mountain of the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals. ∞,

Of course Chen Xiang did not go, he only wanted to know the situation.

"Senior Luo, Senior Gu Tong, and Long Xuan ... Uncle Shi, Oldest Tree, I wonder how they are doing. " Chen Xiang didn’t even know how he could find them.

As for Yang Genming, he didn’t need to worry. Yang Genming had left the Seven Mountains Divine Island a long time ago and came to secretly build the Fighting Glorious City. If he had heard of the Fighting Glorious City in the future, he would be able to find Yang Genming. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"The Killing evil dragon must have been taken to some other place. This guy is scary." Chen Xiang himself also had Killing evil dragon, so he was clear on just how dangerous Killing evil dragon were.

Just as he was about to leave the sea, he saw a black shadow falling from the sky.

"What is this? A ball of black air? " Chen Xiang carefully observed until he sensed a familiar aura, only then did he feel shock.

The falling black qi had a strong aura of a Killing evil dragon.

"What exactly is this thing?" It’s not like Killing evil dragon! " Chen Xiang immediately distanced himself from the ball of black air.

The black energy was very large and it released the aura of a Killing evil dragon. Strangely, as it fell, the black energy became smaller and smaller.

"Is this a Killing evil dragon?" Chen Xiang watched the small black aura from afar and didn’t dare to approach.

"This power is too terrifying. It’s better for me to stay away from it." Chen Xiang was about to fly away, but the ball of black aura suddenly flew over, as fast as light, and instantly entered Chen Xiang’s body.

"Crap!" Chen Xiang was shocked, this damned thing actually found him.

After the black aura entered his body, it quickly arrived at his Divine Sense Sea. Soon after, the small Red fire dragon appeared and actually opened its mouth wide, swallowing the black aura that had become extremely small.

"You little thing, hurry up and vomit." Chen Xiang immediately let go of the Red fire dragon and swung it with all his might. He knew that the black substance was related to the Killing evil dragon.

"What’s wrong with this little fellow? Why does it look like Xueyi, that gluttonous dragon, is eating all kinds of random things?" Chen Xiang swung the small Red fire dragon’s tail in all kinds of positions, but nothing flew out. The ball of black energy seemed to have been merged by the Red fire dragon.

"Damn it, we finally got rid of that Killing evil dragon and now we have it." Chen Xiang scolded in his heart, but he could only be sent back into the Divine Sense Sea by the little Red fire dragon.

After the Red fire dragon swallowed the lump of thing, it did not have any other reaction. Chen Xiang was a bit relieved, but he knew the hidden danger of the Killing evil dragon, if he could not control it, the Killing evil dragon would appear and even swallow him.

"There’s no other way. This is the only way." Chen Xiang told Xiao Xianglin about this matter and told him to be prepared. If he was to be devoured by the Killing evil dragon in the future, he would have to tell her to seal him away.

Chen Xiang looked at a Tao-creation Mountain in the distance. That was the Tao-creation’s Wood Mountain, the first Tao-creation Mountain he had gone to. He had wanted to take a look, but who knew that this mountain would suddenly shake and explode!

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang was stunned, the Tao-creation’s mountain was very big, but it instantly exploded and flashed with a burst of strong light before disappearing.

He then looked towards the other Tao-creation Mountain s, and one after another, they exploded and disappeared!

"What the hell! Could it be that once the Seven Mountains Divine Island is destroyed, the Tao-creation Mountain will disappear as well? " Chen Xiang found it hard to understand, there was one less Tao-creation Ice Mountain here, and now all the other Tao-creation Mountain s were destroyed.

At this time, because the Tao-creation Place had lost seven of his Tao-creation Mountain s, he seemed to have become very desolate, as many places were drowned by the ocean.

Chen Xiang had no choice but to ride his Six Realms mirrors and fly towards that direction.

"This change is too fast!" Chen Xiang kept looking at the sign on the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, waiting for news from Chu Jinfeng.

Chu Jinfeng said that she would contact him in the future.

After waiting for two days, the sign finally vibrated. Then, he quickly flew in the direction indicated by the sign.

Chu Jinfeng was on board a boat, but because of the intense tsunami, a large portion of Tao-creation Place was drowned.

"Chief, are you the only one?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The rest of the Super Yuan Dan Alliance have long since been arranged for me. Right now, I’m the only one here, I’ll go look for them in a while." Chu Jinfeng said: "I am here to look for a few very important things. Through this badge, I found out that you were nearby and got you to come over!"

"Chief, where is Tao-creation Divine Lord? "Where is he?" As long as Chen Xiang knew where the Tao-creation Divine Lord was, he would know where Luo Jiuyang and the others were going.

"I don’t know!" Chu Jinfeng shook her head. "After the explosion of the Seven Mountains Divine Island, I lost contact with Master."

"Is there any way to find him?" Chen Xiang was very worried, "What is the situation right now? Is the Seven Great Sects still here? "

"Of course. A portion of them have already left. As for the seven ancestors, I have no idea." Chu Jinfeng said: "Right now, I am more worried about where the Killing evil dragon will go. After the Killing evil dragon wakes up, it took me half my life to break the seal and in the end, it was a success, but my whereabouts are unknown."

Chen Xiang silently swallowed his saliva. The remaining half of the Killing evil dragon’s life was swallowed up by that small sized Red fire dragon. He now knew what the consequences would be.

"It seems like this Tao-creation Place will not be at peace." Chen Xiang sighed.

"Isn’t it! Six Tao-creation Mountain s have been destroyed along with the Seven Mountains Divine Island. " Chu Jinfeng said: "Right now, I am looking for the key that was left behind after the Tao-creation Mountain was destroyed! My master once said, back then there were a total of nine Tao-creation Mountain s, the Tao-creation’s Evil Mountain, the Tao-creation’s Divine Mountain, and the Tao-creation’s Ice Mountain. Finally, the other six Tao-creation Mountain s. "

"Every Tao-creation Mountain has a key. I don’t know what its use is, but my master has grasped two keys, one was his own Tao-creation Divine Mountain, and the other was obtained after the Tao-creation Ice Mountain self-destructed."

"Right now, the location of the key to the Evil Mountain of Tao-creation and the other six Tao-creation Mountain s is unknown."

Chen Xiang secretly took a deep breath. The key to the Tao-creation Mountain, was definitely something extraordinary.

"Is there any clue?" "How big is the key?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The key is as big as a dagger. There is no clue. " Chu Jinfeng looked at the vast ocean and said with an expression as if he had seen a wild dog: "This is a mission given by Master, I don’t know when I’ll be able to complete it."

Finding six daggers in this vast sea was as difficult as finding six needles.

"Alliance Master, you’ll definitely be able to complete it." Chen Xiang laughed dryly and comforted her.