Chu Jinfeng pointed in a direction and said, "If you go there, there will be land."

"Over there?" Chen Xiang looked over, and what he saw was still a sea: "Alliance Master, how did you know?"

"In the Tao-creation Place, there is a high ground in that direction. You’ll know once you go there." Chu Jinfeng laughed bitterly: "I’ll look around for a while longer. In short, I’ll return home regularly."

"Then I’ll take my leave." Chen Xiang didn’t have the heart to fish for the key in this huge ocean. After bidding farewell to Chu Jinfeng, he hurriedly flew away.

After Chen Xiang distanced himself from Chu Jinfeng, he summoned his Red fire dragon and pulled its tail from its head to its head. He pulled it fiercely a few times to see if he could spit out the black air that was related to the Killing evil dragon.

"Looks like there’s no hope. That could very likely be the Killing evil dragon." Chen Xiang was speechless when he saw the Red fire dragon flying over mischievously.

"This little thing, I didn’t treat you unfairly. Why is it like a reincarnated hungry ghost, eating everything you eat?" Chen Xiang was a little angry, and then threw the Red fire dragon into the Divine Sense Sea.

After flying on the sea for a few days, he finally saw land.

"Those guys who were building houses by the sea before are all dumbfounded now, right?" Chen Xiang laughed: "I wonder where the City Lord is being built from, if he was to be washed away, it would be very funny."

Chen Xiang came to the shore and saw that there were a lot of people there. The seven Tao-creation Mountain s of the Tao-creation Place already had a lot of people, and there were also people from other parts of the Tao-creation Place.

After arriving on the surface, Chen Xiang heard many people talking about it. Many people believed that the matter of the Seven Mountains Divine Island exploding was real, which was why they jumped down from the stage in advance, otherwise, they would already be dead.

Many people who came down from Seven Mountains Divine Island were not used to it. The Seven Mountains Divine Island was originally a high and mighty region, and the people who were able to go up were all powerful and of noble status. Now that they came down here, they all felt that they had arrived at a poor place.

"Seven Mountains Divine Island has a large number of Tao-creation Divine Crystals, but all of them are gone now ... It will not be easy to obtain the Tao-creation Holy Crystals in the future. "

After the Seven Mountains Divine Island explodes, many things will fall to the Tao-creation Place. In a few years time, there will definitely be people who will find it, and quite a few of them will be the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

"I hope so, but where should we go?"

Chen Xiang was also thinking about this issue, he had nowhere to go right now. He originally wanted to go to the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, but he felt that the Super Yuan Dan Alliance must have encountered some troubles as well. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

As he was thinking about this question, the Red fire dragon suddenly reacted. Chen Xiang immediately distanced himself from the crowd and took out the Red fire dragon. He saw that the Red fire dragon was flying towards a direction, as if it wanted to guide him to something.

"There’s something over there?" Chen Xiang rode on his Six Realms mirrors and immediately flew over.

In the Tao-creation Place, he could easily fly very high, and could even teleport.

He flew high in the sky with the Red fire dragon and continuously changed directions according to the Red fire dragon’s guidance.

For the next few days, Chen Xiang kept feeling that he was randomly flying. He also didn’t know what Red fire dragon meant by that, but he felt that since this little thing met the ball of black air that the Killing evil dragon turned into, it had become weird. It was very different from before.

In the past, this little thing had always been lifeless and not as lively as it was now.

He did not know where he came to. In short, this place was very primitive and there were no signs of anyone having entered, leaving a dense forest below him. He flew high in the sky and saw a pitch-black lake in the distance.

The lake was circular, and from a distance it looked very, very black.

The Red fire dragon cried out and used its little claws to point at the lake.

When Chen Xiang flew in, he realized that it was not a lake, but rather a black quagmire.

Sensing the Evil Qi, Chen Xiang’s heart jumped, this was an Qi that was very similar to a Killing evil dragon.

"Little thing, are you a Killing evil dragon or not? Why did you bring me here? " Chen Xiang landed on the ground and immediately put the Red fire dragon away. He was worried that the Red fire dragon would not be able to come out from the hole.

Then, he looked at the Red fire dragon inside the Divine Sense Sea. It had been drilling in the water non-stop, indicating for Chen Xiang to drill into the quagmire.

"I’m not that stupid!" Chen Xiang did not go down immediately. Instead, he released his illusion body, telling it to sink to see what exactly was inside.

After the spirit body had gone down, the sense of the Killing evil dragon’s aura became stronger and stronger.

"This could have been a lake, but after falling down something, it turned into a black quagmire." Chen Xiang carefully observed his surroundings and noticed that nearby the black quagmire, there were some trees that were affected and started to turn black. It was obvious that this was something that happened recently.

The quagmire was not very deep, so the illusion quickly detected the source of the Killing evil dragon’s aura. He ordered the illusion to put that thing into the illusion’s storage space, and then used the spatial energy to retrieve the illusion.

He took out the item and cleaned it. It turned out to be a black dagger. However, the sharp blade of the dagger was uneven, like there were some lines on it.

Chen Xiang remembered that Chu Jinfeng had mentioned a key that was as big as a dagger!

"Could this be the key to the Tao-creation’s Evil Mountain?" Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, it was actually the Red fire dragon’s guidance! This made him even more worried.

How did the Red fire dragon know that there was a mysterious key inside the Tao-creation’s Evil Mountain? Was it swallowed by the Killing evil dragon?

"What’s the use of this?" Chen Xiang looked at the Red fire dragon inside the Divine Sense Sea, and then sighed.

Originally, he had planned to let Xiao Xianglin see it, but after thinking about how dangerous it was, he gave up on this idea.

After the Red fire dragon guided Chen Xiang to the dagger-like key, it began to play in the Divine Sense Sea, and no longer cared about this matter.

Chen Xiang rode on top of the Six Realms mirrors, holding a black dagger as he looked at it carefully. He thought about it, made a decision, and decided to test it.

After his blood dripped, the dagger did not respond. It did not work.

"There doesn’t seem to be any danger!" Xiao Xianglin suddenly ran out and looked at the dagger, laughing: "Let me see."

Xiao Xianglin seized the dagger, fiddled with it for a while, and then twisted the handle off the dagger.

"Look, we can remove this place!" Xiao Xianglin said, then looked at the handle, and took out a piece of yellow rolled up paper.

"As expected of Master. He knows so much." Chen Xiang exclaimed: "Quick, open it and see what’s written on it!"

Xiao Xianglin opened it to take a look, and frowned: "Nothing much, it looks like a formation, and mainly used Supreme Mantra s."

Thailand’s most popular female anchorwoman new love video exposure down the male host!