Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The formation formed by the Supreme Mantra was very strong. The Eight ancestor contract map from before had used a large amount of Supreme Mantra to form such a powerful Array.

"There aren’t many Supreme Mantra, only around eight. I wonder what kind of formation it is." Xiao Xianglin frowned: "It’s a strange feeling, there’s Time Formation and spatial array shadows inside, could it be a space-time array?"

"What would a formation like this be used for if it was kept in the key?" Chen Xiang looked at the dagger, and tested it. It was extremely sharp, and could actually cut open the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal easily.

"If it’s a space-time array, maybe it can teleport people to somewhere, or something." Chen Xiang said, "Generally speaking, the ability of the Time and space power to break through the limitations of space more stably is much better than the power of space."

Xiao Xianglin nodded his head: "You better think of a way to find the Tao-creation Divine Lord, and ask him about it will show, he has two keys. The key in our hands is from Tao-creation’s Evil Mountain. We might get into a dangerous place and the best case scenario would be to confirm it with Tao-creation Divine Lord. "

Xiao Xianglin returned to the You Yao Mountain Villa and continued refining his super Time array.

"This dagger is really powerful. What is used to refine it?" Chen Xiang thought about the black stones that Song Longprofound had gotten hold of earlier. What kind of bone stones were they?

Chen Xiang had also forgotten to ask Luo Jiuyang about the mysterious bone fossil.

"I don’t know what kind of place this is either. I’ll go back to my original place and see if I can find Yang Genming." Chen Xiang went to see how the construction of the Fighting Glorious City was progressing.

If he could meet Chu Jinfeng, he would also be able to ask about the bone fossil.

Chen Xiang used more than ten days to return to the shore. This place was extremely lively, he used his illusion to search around to find information, and finally managed to learn something related to the Fighting Glorious City. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

There were many people who came from the Seven Mountains Divine Island here, and they were very familiar with the Fighting Glorious City. When they heard that Yang Genming wanted to rebuild the Fighting Glorious City, they were very happy, at least it would be a familiar place for them, like the Seven Mountains Divine Island’s memories.

Yang Genming had previously constructed a Fighting Glorious City before, but he had been submerged by the ocean. Now that he was at the shore and confirmed that the situation was stable, he brought over many large mountains from other places and piled them together, forming an even larger mountain. Then, he built his Fighting Glorious City on top of them.

After Chen Xiang confirmed the address, he immediately rushed over.

The reason why Yang Genming chose to build a city at such a high altitude was to prevent himself from being drowned by the ocean.

There were a few experts from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank beside Yang Genming. With the help of these experts, he could quickly build a War Radiant Divine Mountain with many of these mountains.

Chen Xiang came to the foot of the mountain and smiled: "The City Lord shouldn’t be constructed for nothing this time, but once it is completed, many people will surge in, and before long, the original splendor of the Fighting Glorious City will reappear."

Just as Chen Xiang was about to go up the mountain, he saw a very arrogant aura from above, and then, a large amount of shattered rocks flew down. When he first arrived here, he had seen a lot of broken rocks falling down. He had not expected them to fall down like this.

"This is the auras of the City Lord and Lie Dao that have been pushed to the limits ... Did they start fighting? Impossible, in this kind of place, other than the old fellows from the Seven Great Sects, there were very few people who were their match. Could it be that they were fighting against each other? There are still people provoking them. " Chen Xiang immediately controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly quickly.

Soon, he arrived at the mountain peak. He saw that many houses had collapsed, and a large wall formed from giant boulders had been destroyed. With a single glance, he could tell that there was a battle going on here.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang landed beside Yan Jiu. Blood trickled down the corner of his mouth and his face was pale white.

"City Lord, come back quickly." Yan Jiu anxiously shouted, calling Yang Genming, Lie Dao and the others back.

Chen Xiang looked into the distance. Yang Genming and the others were facing a few burning men, those burning men were all aggressive, overweeningly arrogant, and looked extremely arrogant.

"Old Yan, what happened?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Someone has suddenly appeared out of nowhere. He is very tyrannical and insisted on taking over our War Radiant Divine Mountain, a mountain that we had spent almost a month to build ... They aren’t weak either. There are so many small and large mountains here, and they could even build one themselves. They actually wanted to take over our mountain.

Yan Jiu said: "They seem to be very strong, I want City Lord and the others to come back first."

"No need, I’ll go take a look."

Chen Xiang immediately ran over, and when he sensed Chen Xiang’s Qi, he became more relaxed.

"I never thought that you guys would actually have helpers, but it looks like they are just trash, little chicks that just entered the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, can’t you call a stronger helper?" A long-faced man sneered when he saw Chen Xiang had arrived.

"You said I’m trash?" Chen Xiang couldn’t help but laugh: "If you have the guts, let me punch you. See if I’m trash or not! I don’t think you dare. You’re just the sharpest and weakest chicken, yet you’re only crowing loudly. "

"You little piece of trash, you’re really arrogant, you actually dare to be impudent in front of me!" After the long-faced man finished speaking, he had already arrived in front of Chen Xiang and used his strength to grab at him. The claw burned with a scorching fire as it went straight for Chen Xiang’s heart.

The other party was in the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, but Chen Xiang was not afraid. The other party was grabbing him, seemingly wanting to pull out his heart, but he looked calm and collected, allowing the Red fire dragon to release the legendary dragon fire and gather its energy.

Rumble rumble rumble!

After the long-faced man grabbed Chen Xiang’s chest, a burst of violent flames splashed out, flickering flames enveloped an area of three hundred meters around Chen Xiang as countless balls of fire flew in the air and fell to the ground.

Chen Xiang had also only taken a few steps back, while the long-faced man was sent flying. What was shocking was that the long-faced man’s arm was actually broken into pieces and connected to his shoulder, and his entire arm had already exploded.

"You used a God Equipment!" While the long-faced man was enraged, Chen Xiang had already appeared behind him. A huge mirror was pressed down fiercely, and the smooth surface of the mirror suddenly flickered with flames, the strong legendary dragon fire accompanied the Six Realms mirrors’s pressure, and a wave of flames surged out, like a dragon’s roar, enveloping the long-faced man.

The Six Realms mirrors was pressed on the ground, the flames became even fiercer, sweeping out like the wind, and when Chen Xiang picked up the Six Realms mirrors, the long-faced man was already gone.

"So it turns out that I’m the only one who calls others trash." Chen Xiang shook his head and sighed as he stood amidst the flames.