Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

There were three other people with the long-faced man. When they saw this scene, they were also stunned; they were clearly aware of the long-faced man’s strength, yet they were pressed down by Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors and turned into ashes.

The legendary dragon fire that Chen Xiang used to release the Red fire dragon had been strengthened by various Legendary mantra and its own six gods had been strengthened by a lot, so with the opponent’s body being so weak, it was impossible for them to withstand the flames of the Red fire dragon.

"The flames of the Red fire dragon seem to be much stronger than before!" What Chen Xiang felt just now, was that Red fire dragon were originally similar to Killing evil dragon, they were able to release a very strong power.

"You ... You actually dared to kill one of our men. " They were all in the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"Why would I not dare? Not only am I not afraid of killing villains like you, I feel good about it! As you can see, that bastard even wanted to kill me, let alone call me trash. " Chen Xiang sneered: "If you don’t want to die, then hurry up and admit your wrongs and give me the appropriate compensation. Otherwise, don’t even think about getting lost."

They would not agree to any of Chen Xiang’s conditions. Moreover, Chen Xiang had killed one of their comrades, yet he looked down on them in such a way. As domineering and unreasonable people, how could they lower their heads?

"Kill him." The middle aged man shouted in anger, just as he was about to attack, a burst of pressure came from all directions. Xiao Xianglin and Little White Fox suddenly came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa, released their clones, and released their Pressure mantra.

Seeing that they did not know how to repent, Chen Xiang released the legendary dragon fire mercilessly and poured it into the pressure domain. He allowed Xiao Xianglin and Little White Fox to strengthen the legendary dragon fire and turned the pressure domain into a dragon fire refining prison, burning the few people inside into ashes.

When Yang Genming saw those few people being killed, he was extremely moved. All of them had been beaten until they were forced to retreat step by step, but when Chen Xiang and the two girls attacked and killed them, he, who was at the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, felt extremely ashamed.

"City Lord, who are they?" Chen Xiang asked: "They aren’t weak at all, but they don’t seem to belong to the Fire Mountain School, are they from there? Is there such a guy in Seven Mountains Divine Island? "

"They claim to be from the Tao-creation Fire Mountain!" Yang Genming said as his brows knitted, "I heard from them that they were Fire-creation Race s who were sealed within the Tao-creation Fire Mountain. "He even said that it was our honor to set our eyes on the mountain we built and that his tone was so great that it could overtake the heavens."

A clan sealed in the Tao-creation Fire Mountain? Chen Xiang was not surprised by this at all, he was only curious as to why it was sealed. He felt that it was very likely that it was the work of the Tao-creation Divine Lord, and judging from the performance of those few people just now, he could tell that these people were not good people.

"It seems like there is something sealed within the seven Tao-creation Mountain s and they have all escaped." Chen Xiang said. The seven Tao-creation Mountain s were extremely huge, and no one knew what was inside.

"I thought the Seven Mountains Divine Island was the strongest, I didn’t think that there would be such a fellow sealed inside." Yang Genming sighed: "Looks like life won’t be so good in the future. We were originally lacking resources here, and now these things come out from the seven Tao-creation Mountain."

"This is not certain. After the seven Tao-creation Mountain s explode, there might be many other Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals that come out." Chen Xiang laughed: "Maintaining such a powerful seal requires a lot of energy. Just like the Eight ancestor contract map in the Tao-creation Ancient Place, it requires a large amount of Tao-creation’s sacred crystals."

"You had better gather a little more allies and tell them that there are a lot of strong people who have been sealed here. Only by joining together can we overcome this obstacle. " Chen Xiang said: "I’ll go ask around to see if there’s anything related to these fellows."

Chen Xiang took the plate, he was going to look for Chu Jinfeng.

Chu Jinfeng was no longer in the ocean. After asking around and finding out the location of the Super Yuan Dan Alliance’s location, he immediately went there.

The location of the Super Yuan Dan Alliance was still within the Villa. There were already a few hundred capable people within the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, and they quickly built a Villa. Furthermore, they even laid several layers of enchantments, which could only be entered by people with brand names.

Their plans to build a Villa were the same as Yang Genming’s; they built it on top of a huge mountain, which they built using many mountains.

Chen Xiang entered the Villa and immediately went to look for Chu Jinfeng.

Previously, when Chu Jinfeng was searching for the key on the sea, he had to temporarily give up because it was too difficult to search for it.

"Chief!" Chen Xiang arrived outside Chu Jinfeng’s study room and knocked on the door softly.

"Chen Xiang? "Come in!" Chu Jinfeng said.

After Chen Xiang entered, he closed the door and smiled: "Have you found the key?"

"How is it possible?" Chu Jinfeng shook his head and laughed bitterly.

"I don’t think the key is in the sea." Chen Xiang said.

"Oh? What do you mean? " Searching for the key was an important mission given to Chu Jinfeng by the Tao-creation Divine Lord, he obviously wanted to complete it quickly.

"I killed a few who claimed to be Fire-creation Race s, but their strengths were very strong, they said that they were previously sealed in Tao-creation Fire Mountain." Chen Xiang said.

When Chu Jinfeng heard it, his reaction was huge, his face was full of shock: "Looks like they aren’t dead yet!"

Chen Xiang knew that Chu Jinfeng understood these things.

"Are they the same as the Paternoster Race? Were they created before and then sealed?" Chen Xiang asked.

"They were not created, but. Back then, it was also a very strong power and was able to grasp a large amount of Tao-creation’s incantations. " Chu Jinfeng said: "And they are an extremely unstable existence, because back then, those First Tao-creation Ancestor s gave them a lot of power. If they were not sealed, with their personalities, it would definitely affect the development of the Myriad Tao."

"Are there any in the seven Tao-creation Mountain s?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes!" However, I do not know if the other races from the Tao-creation Mountain are dead or not. " Chu Jinfeng frowned: "Back then, sealing them was done by the ancestors of the various Tao-creation Mountain s, looks like they left some tricks behind, if you didn’t tell me, I wouldn’t have remembered this matter, it would have been troublesome."

"Tao-creation Divine Lord should also consider such a thing." Chen Xiang said: "Does he not have any other instructions?"

Chu Jinfeng shook his head: "No! In the future, they will be the cause of the chaos in Tao-creation Place, I am very clear on the race they are, otherwise they would not have been sealed back then. "

This was exactly what Chen Xiang was thinking. Right now, he just wanted to quickly find the Tao-creation Divine Lord and ask about the use of the key. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"The key you’re looking for, will it be in their hands?" Chen Xiang said.

"That’s possible! It would be good if I were to be in their hands. At the very least, I know where I would be and it would be much easier to find a needle in a haystack. " Chu Jinfeng laughed: "Now we have clues, it’s all thanks to you!"