Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang could tell that Chu Jinfeng was extremely confident in his own abilities. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be smiling so happily, because he felt that he could take the key away from the other races.

"Chief, do you need me to do something for the Super Yuan Dan Alliance?" Chen Xiang laughed: "I’m still a part of the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, at least I can do something about it!"

"This... You being able to refine Legendary god Dan is the best, I will provide all the materials you need, and I will even give you an additional five thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals. " Chu Jinfeng laughed: "How’s the price?"

Although he was only earning five thousand, Chen Xiang felt that it was not bad. This was because in the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, to be able to obtain World Defying Dan grain s and a few pill formulas was priceless.

"Sure, how many pills do you need now? "I’ll go and refine it now!" Chen Xiang planned to ask the World Defying Dan grain about the pill formulas after refining this batch of Legendary god Dan.

For the time being, we will have 20 pills, so we will need someone to choose their talent. We have to cultivate a new batch of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank s as soon as possible. Chu Jinfeng said. Then, he gave Chen Xiang a hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals, as a payment in advance to Chen Xiang.

"Oh right, what’s the price of the materials you need to refine the Legendary god Dan?" Chu Jinfeng said.

"Five thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals are required." Chen Xiang said: "This is Bighead! My World Defying Dan grain is special, it requires me to absorb the energy of the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal! "

"So it’s like that!" Chu Jinfeng was very surprised with Chen Xiang’s World Defying Dan grain. This sounds good, but it only used up the power of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal, which could reduce the pressure on the Alchemist.

Chu Jinfeng gave Chen Xiang another one hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals as consumption for refining Legendary god Dan.

Chen Xiang immediately felt that Chu Jinfeng was a tycoon who left with two hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals just like that. After all, he was the Tao-creation Divine Lord’s disciple. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"I’ll come find you once I’m done refining." Chen Xiang said.

He immediately headed to his residence in the Villa, and started refining the Legendary god Dan in the secret room. This was not a difficult matter for him.

While he was refining the pellet, Xiao Xianglin finally completed that [Super Time array].

"Master, how powerful are your super Time array?" Chen Xiang anxiously asked, the reason why Xiao Xianglin refined this array disc was to learn that set of Legendary mantra, as long as she mastered that set of Legendary mantra, she would be able to refine a Paternoster soul stone, and at that time, she would be able to let Chen Xiang and the others learn more Supreme Mantra more quickly.

"It has been two hours outside, and it’s been around ten thousand years inside. To change into a hundred thousand years like this in a single day, you must be incredible!" Xiao Xianglin laughed, "It’s just that it consumes a lot of Tao-creation’s sacred crystals."

"Incredible!" How many Tao-creation Holy Crystals are needed? " In the Tao-creation Place’s place, it was extremely difficult to reverse the flow of time. The more time one needed to do so, the more difficult it would be, and it was far from something that could be compared to in those inferior worlds.

"You probably need to consume fifty thousand Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals in two hours!" Xiao Xianglin said.

The corner of Chen Xiang’s mouth twitched. This was simply burning the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal! To obtain six hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals in a single day, that was simply too terrifying!

"Seems like I have to earn more Tao-creation Holy Crystals." Chen Xiang said.

"I plan to try for eight hours first. 40,000 years of time should be enough for me to master that set of Legendary mantra." Xiao Xianglin said: "This Time array is very powerful, after circulating it once, the next time it will circulate will require a period of time, because the twisting time is too long, I have to wait for it to recover, in short, after activating it once, I cannot activate it immediately."

In four hours, he would reach two hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals! Right now, Chen Xiang had at least four hundred thousand Holy Crystals, and he could take half of them out in an instant.

"Yes, Master, you will definitely succeed." Chen Xiang said.

Xiao Xianglin had entered the Super Time array, she went in herself, because she had to release two clones inside, this was the limit that the Time array could bear.

At this moment, Chen Xiang could feel that there was a very violent energy surging inside the You Yao Mountain Villa.

Eight hours later, Xiao Xianglin exited the Profound Sky Continent. Fortunately, when she was learning the Legendary mantra, she was still in a kind of selfless state, so she did not feel too bored or worried about the passage of time.

Chen Xiang had not finished refining those Legendary god Dan.

"Master, how is it?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"Of course it’s a success!" Xiao Xianglin chuckled, "Your master is the Heavenly Incantation Master. If I can’t even learn it with all my time, then no one can succeed."

"That’s great, don’t you think I will be able to obtain Pressure mantra and the Doppelgänger mantra soon?" Chen Xiang was very much looking forward to it.

"Initially, my understanding of the Legendary mantra was wrong, but after I grasped it, I finally understood it!" Xiao Xianglin sighed: "I had thought that after mastering it, all I needed to do was to inscribe the memory of the Legendary mantra into the Paternoster soul stone and let the person eat it."

"Actually, that’s not the case. The person who refined the Paternoster soul stone could only condense the incantation he had mastered."

Although it was different from what he imagined, Chen Xiang felt that it was okay. "As long as you can help me master the Pressure mantra quickly, it’s fine!"

These two incantations had a huge effect on Chen Xiang.

"Refining Paternoster soul stone also requires a lot of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals ..." Xiao Xianglin said: "If it’s the Paternoster soul stone s that are refining Supreme Mantra, then it needs at least fifty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals. However, it requires ten times more to condense Legendary mantra s!"

Chen Xiang was stunned, with so many Tao-creation Holy Crystals, it would not be easy to get hold of. Right now, the only person who could cause him to vomit blood was Chu Jinfeng, who had a large number of Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

"I’ll help you make the Pressure mantra first. This is a Supreme Mantra, it’s only fifty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals." Xiao Xianglin also needed a certain amount of time to refine the Paternoster soul stone.

"Alright, Master. If you want to open the Time array again, how long will it take?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It may take a few years for the internal form to recover." Xiao Xianglin said: "You want to use it?"

"That’s not it, can you throw a super Time array into a normal Time array and speed up its recovery?" Chen Xiang felt that there was no need to wait anymore.

"No, this form of time is extremely mysterious and won’t change because of this." Xiao Xianglin shook his head.

Now that Xiao Xianglin had gone to refine a Paternoster soul stone, she spent two hundred and fifty thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals in one go.

Chen Xiang stayed in the secret room for a few days before he went to look for Chu Jinfeng.

"Alliance Head, the pill is ready!" Chen Xiang passed twenty Legendary god Dan s to Chu Jinfeng.

"It was pretty fast." Chu Jinfeng was not surprised. Alchemist at their level all had Time array s in their hands.

"Alliance Head, do you think that the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals will become rarer in the future?" Chen Xiang asked, he was extremely worried about this matter, if the number of Holy Crystals in the Tao-creation decreased, then it would be difficult for him to obtain more in the future.

"I was worried before, but now it seems that it isn’t so. The six Tao-creation Mountain s that exploded had a large amount of Holy Crystals, and now that they have been scattered all over Tao-creation Place, many people have found them. Many people have become extremely rich." Chu Jinfeng chuckled and said, "Maybe there are more Holy Crystals in the Tao-creation than there were in the Seven Mountains Divine Island before this."