Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Hearing Chu Jinfeng’s words, Chen Xiang became more relaxed, he had consumed a lot of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals now, if he did not have enough Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, it would affect his progress.

"Chen Xiang, you are also a member of our Super Yuan Dan Alliance. Here, take this." Chu Jinfeng passed two crystal boards to Chen Xiang: "There are two relatively easy to use World Defying Dan grain s inside. Take them home and study hard, maybe it will be of great help to you."

Chu Jinfeng also knew that Chen Xiang had mastered a very unique World Defying Dan grain. From the moment he looked at the Legendary god Dan, he knew that the strong effect of the Peak dan and the Legendary god Dan came from that World Defying Dan grain.

Of course Chen Xiang wanted it, he immediately thanked her after receiving it.

"If you need any pill formulas, I’ll give them to you." Chu Jinfeng said: "You have just stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, so you will definitely need pills that are useful at your current stage. This will require a legendary divine medicine and a Legendary god Dan, I don’t have any medicines yet, so I’ll need to wait a while to grow them.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang received the two World Defying Dan grain s and was in a hurry to learn from them. He took his leave, returned to his room, and began learning.

Learning World Defying Dan grain was extremely easy for Chen Xiang. The Huajing Dan grain from before was considered to be rather difficult, but he could easily grasp it. In terms of learning World Defying Dan grain, he had a heaven-defying talent.

"These two World Defying Dan grain are very special!" Chen Xiang looked at the description himself.

Of the two World Defying Dan grain, one of them was called the Mighty Earthshaking Pill Pattern, this kind of pill that had been crafted would have a strong explosive power. The Inscription was mainly used on those berserk herbs. It could easily suppress those herbs. It was not only used on the pills after they had formed, but it would also play a great role during the process of refinement.

If he met with any berserk herbs or energy, he could easily suppress it with this pill pattern! Apart from this, there was another powerful ability. The berserk energy suppressed would become even more berserk.

"Pills made with this pill pattern are not for eating." Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "It should be the pill that will explode ... But this was my forte. "

It was just that he did not have any World Defying Dan grain in this area later on, so he allowed Xiao Xianglin to play around with this kind of World Defying Dan grain if he had free time.

"What kind of berserk medicine should I use?" Chen Xiang was troubled by this: "We’ll talk about it after we’ve seen the second kind of World Defying Dan grain. We’ll then look for the Alliance Master for the medicinal ingredients."

Chu Jinfeng was sure that there were a lot of herbs here, and this was one of the biggest benefits of joining the Super Yuan Dan Alliance.

The second type of World Defying Dan grain is called Twin dan grain! When Chen Xiang saw the name on the description, he felt that it was extremely strange and continued to read.

Twin dan grain’s specialty was to be able to make a refined pill instantly turn into two pills, but it required two times to form a pill pattern and it also required a certain amount of energy.

"This Twin dan grain is not bad ... but it needs to be improved. " Chen Xiang said. When these Pill Marks awaken, they would need to absorb the Alchemist’s energy. This was a huge burden for the Alchemist.

If it was improved, it would only absorb the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal’s energy. If it was refined using a expensive pellet, no matter how much Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals he absorbed, Chen Xiang would not feel pained.

"I wonder what the final result will be for these World Defying Dan grain. I have to get Master to improve them as soon as possible." Chen Xiang wanted to know what kind of Tao-creation Holy Crystal would be used up after the improvement.

When Xiao Xianglin was refining the Paternoster soul stone, he would give the [Vibrating Pill Tattoos] and [Twin dan grain s] to her, and let her finish her work before she started.

Chen Xiang came out of the secret room to look for Chu Jinfeng, but he found out that Chu Jinfeng had already left the Super Yuan Mountain Villa.

"Forget it, wait for him to come back before taking the herbs. We’ll go to Fighting Glorious City first to check on the progress." Chen Xiang left the Super Yuan Dan Alliance and headed towards the Fighting Glorious City.

He didn’t know if the people he killed at Fighting Glorious City would come back again, but if there were many of them, Yang Genming might not be able to hold them off.

... ....

The Fighting Glorious City was still being built at an accelerated pace. Only after this city was built, would it be able to attract more people to come here, and at that time, there would be many experts from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank to come here. This way, the strength of the entire city would be raised, and even if the people from the Fire-creation Race were here to cause trouble, Yang Genming still had a certain amount of confidence.

"The City Lord, when will it be completed?" Chen Xiang went over to the place where Yang Genming was temporarily staying. The surrounding areas were also under construction, Yang Genming had already recruited a few World Defying Stage Legendary Rank s to join the Fighting Glorious City.

Those people from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank knew that the future was uncertain, and before they knew what dangers awaited them, they planned to gather together. This would make them safer.

"There’s still one more month before it can be completed. Fortunately, I knew quite a few people back then, and now they’re all here to help out." Yang Genming laughed.

"What about formations and barriers?" Chen Xiang felt that this was the most important guarantee for a city.

"Previously, the Fighting Glorious City’s enchantment formation was released from the array disc, so I have more than ten array discs." Yang Genming said, "We have enough power to protect the entire War Radiant Divine Mountain."

"That’s good. In the future, I will have a place to visit often." Chen Xiang laughed.

"City Lord, a young man surnamed Song outside said he wants to see you. He said that he and Boss Shen are brothers." An old man suddenly walked over and said. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Chen Xiang knew immediately that the man with the surname Song was Song Longprofound.

"I’ll bring him in. He’s my brother." Chen Xiang said anxiously, he had previously given Song Longprofound a Legendary god Dan, so he was sure that he had broken through.

He was secretly worried about Song Longprofound previously, because Song Longprofound had already left the Tao-creation Divine Lord and the others and was not with them.

When Song Longprofound saw Chen Xiang, he laughed: "Big brother, I knew you were here! Look at me, have I become more powerful? "

"En!" Chen Xiang patted Song Longprofound’s shoulder and laughed.

"Fortunately, I run fast. If I were a bit slower, I might not be able to see Big Brother anymore." When Song Longprofound talked about this matter, his heart still had lingering fear.

"It’s good that you’re fine now." Chen Xiang asked: "Where are your master and seniors? Have you heard anything? "

"My master found me before." Song Longprofound frowned: "After Seven Mountains Divine Island exploded, he said that he wanted to go with Senior Master to a place, and asked if I wanted to go. He said that if I went to that place, it’s very likely that he won’t be able to come back in the future."

"Then I thought about it and gave up." Song Longprofound laughed out loud: "I feel that this place is pretty good. Moreover, I just stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, so I will definitely follow them to an incredible place.

"What is that place?" What are they doing there? " Chen Xiang was curious, why would Tao-creation Divine Lord and the rest want to go to that kind of place.