Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Song Longprofound knew that Chen Xiang would ask, and he shook his head: "I do not know much about this place. Master only told me, that is Martial Uncle’s home! Martial Uncle is going back, and will not be coming back in the future. Furthermore, the other ancestors are also going back. "

Chen Xiang was puzzled, Tao-creation Divine Lord’s home? What kind of place was that?

"I originally wanted to go take a look, but knowing that I might not be able to return in the future, I decided against it. Right now, I’m still more suited to this place." Song Longprofound laughed, "Actually, those ancestors weren’t that strong. They just had a mission to come here to do something. When they were doing these things and had conflicts with each other, after they made a ruckus, they made up.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "With these ancestors not here, this place will become even more chaotic in the future. We have to be prepared to deal with them."

Yang Genming and the others also heard it, which made the pressure on them even greater, especially when they heard about the Fire-creation Race, a clan that had been sealed for many years.

"Then what about the fellows from Paternoster Race? Is there any news of them? " Chen Xiang asked: "Did your master tell you to stay here and watch out for anything else?"

"Yes, he told me to pay attention to the Evil-creation Race ... This is an extremely terrifying clan, and is also the only one in the Nine Creation Race that has not been sealed. " After Song Longprofound finished speaking, he thought for a while, then said: "Oh right, there were also many descendants called God-creation Race, and they were also sealed by the Tao-creation Divine Lord at that time." Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Chen Xiang had never heard of God-creation Race before, he only said that there were clans sealed within the seven Tao-creation Mountain s, but now there were actually Evil-creation Race s and God-creation Race s.

"What do I need to pay attention to in Evil-creation Race?" hurriedly asked. Back then, the other eight Nine Creation Race s had all been sealed, and only one Evil-creation Race had not.

"He only said that he would rather face the Paternoster Race than the Evil-creation Race itself! Also, he said that there was a grudge between Evil-creation Race and himself. Paternoster Race is not dead, and they have already left the Tao-creation Ancient Place, so they are a very strong force. " Song Longprofound said: "Then it will be the seven great sects that are struggling to survive. Their strength cannot be ignored either."

Yang Genming laughed bitterly: "These days are really not easy!" Previously in the Tao-creation Ancient Place, there were seven major sects that were secretly suppressing them, big shots of various sizes.

Now that the Seven Mountains Divine Island was destroyed, the various powers that were sealed previously all escaped.

"The main reason why Seven Mountains Divine Island was killed was to get rid of those rich resources. This way, if no one was able to get it, then there wouldn’t be a situation where there would be any tyrants in the area. After that, so many powerful forces would definitely fight with each other." Yan Jiu said: "This could be the Tao-creation Divine Lord’s goal. As for what will happen in the future, he doesn’t care."

Chen Xiang placed his hand on Song Longprofound’s shoulder and asked: "Long Xuan, then what are your plans? Do you want to stay in the Fighting Glorious City? "

"I will come often! Right now the Tao-creation Place is very interesting, I have to go around and gain more experience, it is also a type of experience for me. " Song Longprofound laughed, he could not sit still.

"Alright, let’s meet again in the future. If you have any interesting news, tell it to me." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Definitely. Everyone, farewell." Song Longprofound cupped his fist and smiled to everyone, then left the Fighting Glorious City.

After Song Longprofound left, Yang Genming suddenly felt a lot of pressure, but he could only wait until later. If the Fighting Glorious City wanted to rise up again, it would definitely be difficult.

Just as Song Longprofound left, another fellow who claimed to be Chen Xiang’s friend came over. Furthermore, he refused to reveal his name, and appeared to be acting extremely strange.

Chen Xiang guessed that it was Zhou Xingzhi and he was very happy that Zhou Xingzhi was still alive.

"Old Zhou, you’re not dead yet!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"What is it? Do you really want me to die? " Zhou Xingzhi snorted, looked around and said: "This is a new Fighting Glorious City, not bad!"

Zhou Xingzhi was not like Song Longprofound, he did not like to run around, so Chen Xiang could tell that he wanted to stay at this place.

"Mm, do you want to join in and build it together?" Chen Xiang laughed, "This is City Lord."

"Hello, City Lord!" Zhou Xingzhi said.

Yang Genming did not know Zhou Xingzhi’s identity, but he felt that he was Chen Xiang’s friend, so there shouldn’t be a problem. Previously, Yan Jiu was just like this, but now, Yan Jiu was very familiar with him.

"Brother, you’re quite strong!" Yang Genming laughed, Zhou Xingzhi was also from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and his strength was not weak.

"You’re too kind." Zhou Xingzhi laughed stiffly, it could be seen that he was not good at conversing with others, especially when conversing with them.

"Brother Zhou, you will definitely not be mistreated within the Fighting Glorious City. And since you are Chen Xiang’s friend, I will definitely treat you as a friend." Yang Genming said.

"City Lord, you can put me at ease now." Zhou Xingzhi nodded his head, he had nowhere to go, so he decided to stay here for the time being.

"Old Zhou, I’m telling you, this city will attract a lot of trouble in the future!" Chen Xiang said.

"Hmph, do you think I’m someone who’s afraid of things?" Zhou Xingzhi sneered.

"That’s good!"

Chen Xiang knew that Zhou Xingzhi was pretty good at fighting. After all he was from Paternoster Race and there weren’t any restrictions now. Using all sorts of Supreme Mantra would also make him strong.

"City Lord, I’ll take him for a walk." Chen Xiang said, he wanted to talk about something with Zhou Xingzhi.

After Zhou Xingzhi followed Chen Xiang far away, he said in a low voice: "The Paternoster Race has survived quite a lot, it’s just that those powerful old fellows have paid a heavy price."

"This is not good!" Chen Xiang said: "Those old fellows should be able to recover soon."

"Yes!" Zhou Xingzhi said: "It’s a good thing that the Tao-creation Place has so many forces. At that time, I wonder if the Paternoster Race will make a move against the Fighting Glorious City. In any case, I won’t back down. "

Chen Xiang was also a little worried about this, so he planned to let Chu Jinfeng spare some of his energy to deal with the Paternoster Race first.

"Chen Xiang, you better be careful, your Legendary god Dan have already spread far and wide, all the major powers need to increase their strength, and using Legendary god Dan is the fastest." Zhou Xingzhi warned.

Chen Xiang himself was clear of this point.

Zhou Xingzhi chose a place to stay himself and built his own residence. Chen Xiang returned to the Super Yuan Dan Alliance to check if Chu Jinfeng had returned.

Chu Jinfeng did not come back, but a very powerful old man stopped him. Behind the old man were two young men.

The old man was in the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank and the two young men were in the early stage.

"What’s the matter?" Seeing the other party’s overbearing attitude, Chen Xiang knew that something bad was going to happen.

"I am Lin Yu, the elder of Super Yuan Dan Alliance. When the chief is not here, I will be in charge of everything." Lin Yu coldly said: "You are a member of the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, right now the Super Yuan Dan Alliance needs to quickly develop, I hope you can contribute the Legendary god Dan’s pill formulas and the World Defying Dan grain’s ingredients."