Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang felt that it was funny.

"I’m sorry, I can’t do it!" Chen Xiang shook his head and smiled, "When I joined the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, I didn’t say that I needed to contribute any pill formulas and World Defying Dan grain s."

"It’s different from the past, you should know about the situation in Tao-creation Place now." Lin Yu loudly said: "Since you have joined the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, you should think about it and not be so selfish. You should contribute the Legendary god Dan’s pill formulas to the benefit of the Dan Alliance."

"The Legendary god Dan was created by me, and not by the Super Yuan Dan Alliance. I have the right to do whatever I create. " Chen Xiang was very angry.

One of the young men behind Lin Yu sneered: "You think you can create such an unparalleled pill recipe for Legendary god Dan? "Ridiculous. You clearly got it by chance, yet you claim it to be yours. Truly shameless."

"You guys are the shameless ones! I really never thought that there would be people like you in Super Yuan Dan Alliance. If I knew earlier, I wouldn’t have joined Super Yuan Dan Alliance. " Chen Xiang was enraged, he looked at the young man: "Being together with trash like you, really makes me lose face!"

Only Chu Jinfeng went on a long journey, only then did Lin Yu join up with many Alchemist to demand the Legendary god Dan’s pill formulas.

"Farewell!" Chen Xiang cupped his hands together, and turned to leave. Since Chu Jinfeng was not here, there was no need for him to stay.

Just as he was about to leave, the young man hurried over and grabbed Chen Xiang’s arm. He then said with all his might, "Don’t even think about leaving behind the Legendary god Dan’s pill formula!"

Chen Xiang was furious. He turned around and slapped the young man ruthlessly with his palm. Using the power of the Red fire dragon, he sent the young man flying and smashed a tall building.

"You ... You attacked from inside the Super Yuan Dan Alliance! " Lin Yu’s expression was cold as he shouted, "Quick, stop him! Don’t let him leave!"

All of you who want to make a move, stand up and let me clearly remember your appearances and auras. I want to see just who it is that colluded with Lin Yu. Chen Xiang swept his eyes across the group of people.

This group of Alchemist were originally part of the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, but there were also those who joined together with Chen Xiang, especially the group that joined together with Chen Xiang. They were very tactful and silent, as they were clearly aware of Chen Xiang’s strength.

Aside from that, they also admired Chen Xiang a lot as he was, after all, able to create Legendary god Dan s and he was also in the same Super Yuan Dan Alliance as them.

"Good, now it’s just the two of you!" Seeing that only Lin Yu and the young lad behind him stood out, Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "I made my move at Super Yuan Dan Alliance, so what, why don’t you guys stop me?"

Because of Chu Jinfeng, Chen Xiang did not continue any further. He once again turned around and was about to leave, when the entire Lin Yu immediately flew up, and fiercely struck Chen Xiang in the back.

That palm was extremely sinister, as though it wanted to kill Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang did not turn around, and after the palm had touched his back, a mirror suddenly appeared.

The Six Realms mirrors appeared, and Lin Yu’s palm slammed into it, sending it flying. The backlash from his palm just now ignited Lin Yu’s entire body into a raging fire.

"You overestimate yourself!" Chen Xiang laughed disdainfully, then walked forward. The moment he walked out of the door, he suddenly sensed a strong aura attacking him from behind.

This aura was as strong as Chu Jinfeng’s, he guessed that it was aimed at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"Leave behind the Legendary god Dan’s pill formulas and your World Defying Dan grain, or don’t even think about leaving." A voice thundered behind him, shaking Chen Xiang’s vital energy and blood until he almost vomited.

Chen Xiang was not to be outdone, he used all of his strength to resist the incoming pressure, and then used the power of the You Yao Mountain Villa’s women to open a passage in time.

"Just you wait!" Chen Xiang roared at the old man behind him, who was rushing over, then disappeared.

When the old man saw Chen Xiang escaping, he cursed and then immediately rushed to save Lin Yu ... However, it was too late. Lin Yu had already been burnt to death by his own flames.

In everyone’s eyes, no one spoke a word.

"You group of fools, why didn’t you stop Chen Xiang? As long as we stop him, we can obtain the Legendary god Dan’s recipe! " The old man looked at the group of Alchemist and roared.

Forcefully asking others for their pill formulas and World Defying Dan grain s was a huge taboo!

The Alchemist here all had good innate skills. If they were to create pill formulas and World Defying Dan grain s as strong as the Legendary god Dan s in the future, wouldn’t they be forced to hand them over?

Therefore, they would not do such a thing. They only hoped that Chu Jinfeng would return quickly, or else they would leave Super Yuan Dan Alliance.

After Chen Xiang ran away, he cursed: "Everything is fine in Super Yuan Dan Alliance, why would there be such a fellow."

Su Meiyao said: "Isn’t this guy just greedy? He even thought that everyone was like him, and wanted to join hands with the entire Super Yuan Dan Alliance to kill you, and seize your Legendary god Dan’s pill formulas! This guy could have it anywhere. "

"I will remember this debt!" Chen Xiang hated those who wanted to rob him the most.

"The Pressure mantra’s Paternoster soul stone has been refined." Xiao Xianglin came out from the Time array and laughed: "When you master this incantation, your power will increase even more." Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

When Chen Xiang received the Paternoster soul stone from Xiao Xianglin, it looked like it had a crystal core.

"Just eat it!" Chen Xiang swallowed it whole and closed his eyes, waiting for the Pressure mantra to appear in his mind. Both Little White Fox and Xiao Xianglin had mastered the incantation and he had already seen its power before.

The Legendary mantra s required five hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals, but he did not have that many. Therefore, Xiao Xianglin now began to help him improve the mighty shock pill imprints and the Twin dan grain s.

After Chen Xiang ate the Paternoster soul stone, he quickly grasped the Pressure mantra. He locked onto a huge rock, and with a thought, a pressure wall was released from all directions, instantly pressing that huge rock into a small square brick. This square brick was extremely heavy in his hand, and after it was squeezed, it became extremely sturdy.

"The Pressure mantra is so awesome!" Chen Xiang chuckled, then formed a circular deep pit on the ground. He was also familiarizing himself with the Pressure mantra.

He was only waiting for the Doppelgänger mantra now. This was a Legendary mantra, so for this kind of Paternoster soul stone to be refined, it would require a lot of Tao-creation Divine Crystals. Therefore, Chen Xiang had to work even harder to earn the Tao-creation Divine Crystals now.

Just as Chen Xiang wanted to go to the Fighting Glorious City, he found a weak aura transmitted over. He immediately used his penetrating power to penetrate a large boulder to hide, and at the same time released his spirit body to check out what was inside.

"If these fellows are not from the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, then who are they?" Chen Xiang felt that the auras of these people were not like those of the Alchemist s, and was very suspicious.