Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Before this, Chen Xiang had seen many members who were not Alchemist s, but they were very few. Within Super Yuan Dan Alliance, there were quite a few Alchemist with powerful strengths, so they didn’t need anyone to protect them, not to mention the fact that the Villa was protected by a very strong barrier.

"They must have come from that villa to come here." Chen Xiang was very sure, because the location of Super Yuan Dan Alliance’s Villa was very hidden away from the crowd.

Someone who could appear here was most likely related to the Super Yuan Dan Alliance.

"They are all in the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, for a total of four people." Chen Xiang said to Little White Fox: "Junior sister, I will need you to come out later."

Chen Xiang suspected that it was the old man from Super Yuan Dan Alliance who sent them to deal with him.

"Alright!" Little White Fox was already prepared to fight.

Chen Xiang released a few of his Mouse Man s and created some commotion inside. He wanted to spread the people out, he did not plan to kill all four of them, and only wanted to capture one alive.

"They’re obviously after me. I leaked a bit of my aura earlier, so they found me based on that aura. Now, they’ve come here but haven’t found me." Chen Xiang thought.

Very soon, the Mouse Man made a commotion, and after these few people heard it, they all spread out to search.

After the other three left, Chen Xiang immediately took action.

Little White Fox quickly came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, released his two clones, and worked with Chen Xiang to release four strong waves of pressure at the same time. The grey-clothed man who was flanking from all directions.

When Chen Xiang and Little White Fox attacked, they did not show any mercy at all, but used their strongest strengths to attack. In just an instant, they had heavily injured the grey-clothed man.

"It’s done, let’s go!" Chen Xiang immediately put the grey-clothed man into the Six Realms mirrors, and Little White Fox quickly entered the You Yao Mountain Villa.

The other three gray-clothed men could feel the strong auras being released, and by the time they had caught up, Chen Xiang was already long gone.

Chen Xiang passed the severely injured and unconscious gray clothed man over to Bai Youyou.

The gray clothed man was frantically being pressured by a few pressures, the Bones all over his body had been shattered, he could no longer be considered as a human being, but his soul was still there, Bai Youyou could easily search for memories inside.

Bai Youyou had just started, and immediately stopped, his face becoming gloomy.

"That was close!" Bai Youyou still had some lingering fear in his heart as he said, "This guy’s soul has a very strange kind of protection. When I was searching through his memories, I almost suffered a backlash."

"Sister You You You, you’re not hurt, right?" Chen Xiang was very worried.

"No!" Bai Youyou let out a long sigh, and said: "Even though it was only for a short moment, I managed to find some things from him! This guy is from God-creation Race. "

"God-creation Race? This is a clan that is related to the Tao-creation Divine Lord. The Tao-creation Divine Lord’s bloodline should be flowing in their veins! "

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then continued: "The creator of the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, Chu Jinfeng, is the disciple of the Tao-creation Divine Lord. Maybe he has some sort of relationship with the God-creation Race. "

"Looks like someone is colluding with the God-creation Race in the Super Yuan Dan Alliance." Qin Shuang said: "It’s such a pity, Grandfather left with Tao-creation Divine Lord, otherwise, they might have taken care of him."

"Looks like the legendary Nine Creation Race has gradually surfaced. Their competition between each other is extremely intense, if they were to obtain the Legendary god Dan, then it would indeed be able to increase their strength by a large amount." Chen Xiang sneered: "I won’t let them succeed."

Chen Xiang’s Legendary god Dan were also related to the Huajing Dan grain, and these were all very precious, he would definitely not give them to those who forced him.

"The Tao-creation Divine Lord has already returned to his homeland, which means that he will no longer care about the things here. Thus, when we make a move against that God-creation Race, we do not need to worry about anything." Long Xueyi said.

"Of course, these guys are secretly plotting against me. Just you wait." When Chen Xiang thought about this, he immediately became furious. If he did not run quickly, he would have already fallen into the hands of the God-creation Race.

He was now even more disgusted with God-creation Race.

"I wonder how I can find Chu Jinfeng." Hua Liqing said: "This Alliance Master Chu Jinfeng is not bad."

"Not bad indeed. I’m starting to worry about him now." Chen Xiang felt that since someone was already planted in the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, the God-creation Race would definitely want to control the Super Yuan Dan Alliance for his own use, and Chu Jinfeng was definitely the biggest obstacle.

"I hope he’s okay!"

Chen Xiang rode on his Six Realms mirrors and flew in the sky. He wanted to go find Chu Jinfeng since he had a sign in his hands that was the only thing that could communicate with him.

"He’s definitely going to look for the Fire-creation Race now." Qin Shuang said: "When you told him about the Nine Creation Race before, he thought that there might be a key hidden inside, so he went to find it."

The Fire-creation Race should be very close to the Fighting Glorious City, so Chen Xiang immediately headed towards the vicinity of the Fighting Glorious City, and circled in the air.

After the last time he annihilated the people of Fire-creation Race, the Fire-creation Race actually did not send anyone to retaliate. It was unknown if it was because he was worried that the Fighting Glorious City’s defenses were too strong that he did not dare to come.

Chen Xiang went to find Yang Genming.

"City Lord, have there been any suspicious people coming here recently? I’m looking for the fellow from Fire-creation Race. " Chen Xiang said.

"The scouts I’ve arranged to stay nearby have reported that one or two people with a very strong flame aura will appear and quickly disappear." Yang Genming said: "I suspect that these guys are the Fire-creation Race’s spies."

"That’s a possibility!" Chen Xiang nodded: "I’ll take a look around!"

Chen Xiang released a large number of Heaven devouring rat and started swimming under the War Radiant Divine Mountain, searching for a suitable person.

If it was Yang Genming who sent out the spies, Chen Xiang would recognize the clothes they were wearing, so he would not make a mistake in recognizing them. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

After searching for a long time, Chen Xiang finally found someone else.

"It’s just me alone, the aura of the flames on my body are so thick, it’s very likely that this is a fellow from the Fire-creation Race. They have often come here to investigate, and I don’t know why, but they definitely have ill intentions." Chen Xiang thought in his heart, and then rushed to the spy.

This spy who looked like a Fire-creation Race was a short and thin man wearing a set of strange clothes. This clothes could quickly change color, and could also hide a large portion of one’s Qi, so when it changed color, it could make people fuse with their surroundings, making them hard to see with their eyes.

He very quickly discovered the Heaven devouring rat lying on the tree, and then threw out a small flying knife to kill it. The flying knife’s speed was very fast, causing Chen Xiang to not have enough time to control the Heaven devouring rat to avoid it.

"He was killed. This guy is really vigilant. He won’t even let a mouse go." Chen Xiang was still on the road, but the other party was very cautious, and was not the type of person who would fight. If he felt that something was amiss, he would definitely run away at the first moment, so he could not alert the other party.