Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang’s illusion passed, the other party did not discover it.

"His cultivation is only at the early stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank." After Chen Xiang used his [Phantom Body], he could clearly sense the opponent’s strength.

After all, he was just a scout, and he didn’t need to be that strong. As long as he could conceal himself well, run fast, and have sharp eyes, he would be fine.

Using his Counter Power and his penetrating abilities, Chen Xiang had already snuck up a large tree behind the short man.

However, just as he was about to escape, Chen Xiang suddenly released a burst of pressure, condensing it into a palm, and pressing the man onto the ground.

Chen Xiang immediately took out his Six Realms mirrors and released a seal, sealing the man inside.

"Who are you?" Chen Xiang walked over, using the sword to point at him, he asked coldly.

The short, thin man did not say a word. He looked very stubborn.

"I’d like to see how stubborn you are." Chen Xiang threw him into the Six Realms mirrors and then displayed all kinds of torture methods to the short man.

When the short man saw the torture, he was sure that if he did not cooperate, all the torture would be used on him.

Right now, Chen Xiang didn’t dare let Bai Youyou devour the other party’s memories. This man might also have something to protect his soul, so it would be very easy for him to devour the other party’s memories.

"What do you want to ask?" The short man spoke.

"Who sent you?" "What is his purpose?" Chen Xiang said.

"I am from Fire-creation Race, if you are from Fighting Glorious City, you should be familiar with me! A few of our people were killed by you earlier, and as for the goal, you should be able to guess it yourself. We wanted to take over your Fighting Glorious City, so we had to first clearly investigate your strengths. " The short man said coldly.

Fire-creation Race had never sent anyone to the Fighting Glorious City. It turns out that it was because he had been humiliated before, so this time, he had to clearly investigate the Fighting Glorious City’s strength.

"Your Fire-creation Race is not stupid!" Chen Xiang sneered: "The Fighting Glorious City was originally built by us with great effort, do you usually want to take it?"

"With our strength, we have great power to force you to submit." The short man said.

"Is that so? If you guys are really that strong, why didn’t you attack directly and send you to stealthily touch and do nothing? " Chen Xiang laughed out loud: "Your Fire-creation Race is indeed strong, but after fighting with your Fighting Glorious City, no matter if you win or lose, you will still receive heavy injuries! "When the time comes, the other races might just swallow you all up."

The short man was extremely intelligent, so he did not doubt Chen Xiang’s words. The reason the Fire-creation Race had delayed his attack was indeed because they were worried about this.

"Where is the Fire-creation Race?" Chen Xiang wanted to go near the Fire-creation Race and see if he could find Chu Jinfeng. He needed to quickly tell him about the terrible things that had happened in the Super Yuan Dan Alliance.

"What is it? Do you want to attack the Fire-creation Race? " The short man sneered: "With just you?"

"Cut the crap, hurry up and say it." Chen Xiang coldly snorted.

The short man was also afraid of Chen Xiang’s torture methods, so he could only honestly tell Chen Xiang the location of the Fire-creation Race.

When the Fire-creation Race was sealed within the Tao-creation Fire Mountain, they came out after the Tao-creation Fire Mountain exploded.

When Chen Xiang arrived outside the mountain range, he took out that tablet to see if he could send a message to Chu Jinfeng, allowing him to sense that he was in the vicinity.

He did not plan to enter the deep mountains. The Fire-creation Race was an extremely powerful force with a certain background, and the inside was the territory of the Fire-creation Race. Furthermore, the Fire-creation Race had been on guard against the other eight Creation Race s.

After waiting for a long time, Chen Xiang suddenly sensed a trace of Chu Jinfeng’s Qi.

Chu Jinfeng came.

"Chief!" Chen Xiang was very happy to see Chu Jinfeng.

"Chen Xiang, do you have something important to say? We can actually find our way here! " Chu Jinfeng was more surprised.

"This is very important!" Chen Xiang told Chu Jinfeng everything that happened with Lin Yu, as well as that old man.

After Chu Jinfeng heard this, he began to curse angrily, "These old idiots, I never thought they would actually do such a thing!"

"Alliance Master, could there be someone above you in the Super Yuan Dan Alliance?" Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, they are the descendants of Master, they are very strong, but they rarely ask about the affairs of the Super Yuan Dan Alliance! I really didn’t think they would do something like this. I’m sorry. "

Chu Jinfeng felt extremely guilty, because when Chen Xiang encountered this kind of thing in the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, he was not in the Super Yuan Dan Alliance.

"It’s fine, I’m not hurt at all." Chen Xiang laughed: "When I saw them being so arrogant, I thought that they had killed you!" Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"The God-creation Race must have contacted them and given them some conditions, which is why they are acting like this! But no matter what, you must not go back to the Super Yuan Dan Alliance. Chu Jinfeng’s heart was currently heavy. A perfectly fine Super Yuan Dan Alliance had been ’messed up’ by these few old fellows.

"Chief, when are you going back?" Chen Xiang asked.

"They will definitely not do anything to Dan Alliance’s Alchemist, otherwise they will definitely leave the Super Yuan Dan Alliance. From your previous description, those Alchemist’s all extremely disgusted with him." Chu Jinfeng said: "This time, I must ’get’ the key from the Fire-creation Race. With the key, I will be even stronger. It’s much easier to deal with the old men. "

"What’s the use of a key?" Chen Xiang asked, Xiao Xianglin had ’obtained’ a Array from the key in the Tao-creation’s Evil Mountain, now she was refining an array disc based on the Array.

"Master told me before, the biggest use of the key is to restrain the Creation Race." Chu Jinfeng said: "For example, Fire-creation Race is extremely afraid of the power contained within the key! In addition, the power contained in the key will also cause great harm to other races. "

"Isn’t the key to the Tao-creation’s Divine Mountain in Tao-creation Divine Lord’s hands? This is the best weapon to deal with God-creation Race! Chen Xiang said.

"That’s right, but we don’t have the key to the Tao-creation’s Divine Mountain, so we can only use the Tao-creation Fire Mountain’s. It might very well be in the hands of the Fire-creation Race." Chu Jinfeng said: "As long as we get one, dealing with them will be much easier."

Among the nine Tao-creation Mountain s, the keys to the Tao-creation’s Mountain of Ice and the Tao-creation’s Mountain of Myriad Gods were all in the hands of the Tao-creation Divine Lord, while Chen Xiang had obtained the key to the Tao-creation’s Evil Mountain.

In other words, the Ice Creation Race, Evil-creation Race and God-creation Race do not have the key. Compared to the other six races, they are the weakest because the other six races can use the key to deal with them.

"So there’s actually such a way to play it." Chen Xiang was secretly happy, he felt that the Evil Mountain Key in his hands could have a huge impact on the Fire-creation Race, he planned to use the short guy to try it.

"Chen Xiang, quickly leave this place! God-creation Race will come out to patrol from time to time. " Chu Jinfeng said.