Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not delay any longer. After he left in a hurry, he entered the Six Realms mirrors s room and took out the dagger-like key. Fiction). More recent chapter access:.

The short man’s black dagger was immediately thrown out with a face full of shock.

"What are you doing? I’ve told you everything you asked me to do. " The short man only sensed the aura on the dagger before a look of fear appeared on his face.

Now that Chen Xiang had verified his words, everyone in Nine Creation Race was afraid of these keys.

"You’re afraid of that!" Chen Xiang said.

"Where did you get it?" The short man was extremely shocked.

"Does your clan also have a dagger like that?" Chen Xiang asked.

The skinny man nodded his head, but he knew that the key in his clan’s hand was a fiery red color, representing the nature of fire, and the black color that Chen Xiang was holding, was obviously from the Evil Mountain.

If there were any in the Fire-creation Race, Chen Xiang would be at ease. At least Chu Jinfeng would not do it for nothing.

"How much do you know about this thing?" Chen Xiang asked again, maybe the man knew more about keys than Chu Jinfeng.

"This is called a Chuangyuan key! There are nine in total, and in the past, each of the nine First Tao-creation Ancestor s had one pellet. As for how they obtained it, I do not know, in short, just how the keys were able to restrain each other, and how they were able to cause great harm to each other. "

The short skinny man was afraid that Chen Xiang would use this key on him, because it came from the Tao-creation’s Evil Mountain, so he told him everything in detail.

"The nine First Tao-creation Ancestor s were on guard against each other, they were worried that the other party would use the key to ’kill’ them. In the end, they spread the news and sealed the key, and at that time, our Nine Creation Race was also very powerful, and this was not something the nine ancestors were willing to do. That’s why they sealed us and the Chuangyuan key inside the Tao-creation Mountain!"

"Actually, they wanted to kill us but in the end, they didn’t. As for why I don’t know, they have already gone back! Let us dominate the Tao-creation Place. "

Chen Xiang did not know where the nine ancestors had come from, but they had been fighting against each other for many years.

"Did the God-creation Race get sealed too?" Chen Xiang asked, "There is no such thing as the Tao-creation’s Divine Mountain or Evil Mountain."

"Most of the God-creation Race s have been sealed! The God-creation Race is sealed within the divine island, and the whereabouts of the Evil-creation Race is unknown. " The short man said: "The key in your hand is the Chuangxie key."

Of course Chen Xiang knew, that it was the Red fire dragon that guided him to look for the key to the Killing evil dragon ...

"Besides dealing with Nine Creation Race, what other abilities does this key have?" Chen Xiang had discovered a mysterious Array from the key.

"I only know this much. If I knew more, I would have definitely told you already." The short and skinny man Xiang put the key away and heaved a sigh of relief.

Chen Xiang asked Xiao Xianglin how the situation with the Array was progressing. Xiao Xianglin said that he still needed a period of time.

Following that, Chen Xiang asked the short man a lot of questions, especially regarding the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals. The short man said that after the Tao-creation Mountain and the Seven Mountains Divine Island exploded, there would only be more and more Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals here.

This allowed Chen Xiang to be completely at ease. With the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal, he would be able to learn even more Supreme Mantra and Legendary mantra.

Chen Xiang returned to Fighting Glorious City, Yang Genming returned, and told Chen Xiang some good news.

"Hehe, I just heard the news, someone has already discovered the huge Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal Mine." Yang Genming laughed: "I don’t lack Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals anymore."

"Is that place far from here?" Chen Xiang was also very happy. He was in a hurry to ’make’ several hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals so Xiao Xianglin could refine the Doppelgänger mantra into the Paternoster soul stone for him to eat.

"It’s a little far, but there’s already a fight over there. Maybe there will be other Creation Race joining in, so the situation will be a little messy." Yang Genming said: "As long as the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals don’t decrease like before, we can earn a little."

"Okay, I’ll go." Chen Xiang said.

Yang Genming gave him a location, and Chen Xiang immediately used teleportation to move there.

The mine was huge, and as he approached, he could feel waves of energy coming from there. The earth was shaking, and there was already a fight going on over there.

"This place is’ chaotic ’indeed! I wonder what kind of power is fighting over it. " Chen Xiang quietly went closer, those large powers all had methods to look into the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal mine, so they could look into it at the same time. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

If there were many strong warriors, they could obtain the mines through battle and protect them. Otherwise, if they discovered that their strength was weaker than others, they would only be robbed.

When Chen Xiang approached and felt the auras, he was overwhelmed with shock. It was all people with frightening strength fighting.

A large group of people were also present in the distance at this moment ...

"There’s definitely more than one mine, let’s just give it to them." An old man said, making them feel as if they had the ability to fight.

"It’s good to find a smaller mine. If we don’t get discovered, we will be able to get rich quietly. A huge mine like this is destined to be part of a big force."

"Originally, I wanted to get close to the mine to dig a small area, but now it’s okay. There are many people from both sides, and there are also other great forces eyeing us like tigers eyeing their prey. Approaching would be seeking death."

The people from the small powers could only be anxious.

Chen Xiang was the same as them, they could only watch from afar, waiting for the results.

"I wonder what kind of forces are fighting over this!" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"The Thunder Mountain Sect and the Earth Profound Sect are both part of the Seven Great Sects." One of them said, "It’s still that super strong guy who’s hiding in the Tao-creation Ancient Place."

Chen Xiang had also heard that the Seven Great Sects’ people were comparable to the Nine Creation Race s.

"Yan Shan Gate has also arrived!" Someone suddenly shouted.

A hot aura spread over and enveloped the huge mountain. The Yan Mountain Gate actually directly seized the mountain, causing the two fighting factions to become furious. They immediately joined hands to deal with the Yan Mountain Gate.

He released a scorching barrier, covering the huge mountain and a large area nearby. The other two ’sects’ would find it difficult to break through the barrier, and the barrier would also release power to push them back.

"Flame Mountain Gate has obtained a large number of incantations from the Paternoster Race! Their strength is definitely not something that the other sects can compare to. " Chen Xiang thought, the extremely strong barrier that was released by Yan Shan’s Gate must have been directly absorbing the energy from that huge mine, in order to release such a strong power.

Now, the result was out. This Yan Shan Gate, which had suddenly appeared out of nowhere, had occupied the mine!

Since the other forces could not break into the mine, they could only give up. They were well aware of the secret movements of the Flame Mountain Sect and the Paternoster Race, and could only search for other mines.