Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Now, they were much stronger than the other sects. Chen Xiang finally understood why Zhou Xingzhi gave up all hope on Paternoster Race, because Paternoster Race had already been hollowed out by the Fire Mountain School for many years.

Today, although the Paternoster Race had been released, able to successfully shake off the Tao-creation Ancient Place, and was no longer threatened by the Fire Mountain School, their strength had already been greatly affected, and it was difficult to return to their former peak.

On the other hand, Fire Mountain School’s power grew day by day after he received the Paternoster Race’s curse, so even though the Paternoster Race hated the Fire Mountain School, there was no hope for revenge.

"Fire Mountain School will be the first to obtain the biggest mine, the other sects will definitely rush to find the mines to increase their strength, only then will they not be left behind by Fire Mountain School."

Chen Xiang was very clear that after this event, the various great sects and Nine Creation Race s would compete. Although they won’t fight, they will definitely improve themselves and display their power to deter the other forces, preventing them from being attacked.

"The two pill patterns have been modified." Xiao Xianglin said: "Do you want to use it to concoct pills?"

"Let’s try out the Twin dan grain first." Chen Xiang wanted to use Twin dan grain s to refine Legendary god Dan s, to see if he could refine two of them in one go.

He Fengyuan said: "If you were to use a Twin dan grain to refine it, wouldn’t it mean that you would have to start using pill patterns from the start? "How did you manage to get two kinds of pill imprints in the end? Will that be a problem?"

"No problem!" For Alchemist with power, they can refine multiple World Defying Dan grain on a single pill at the same time. " Chen Xiang laughed: "And this Twin dan grain was created to coexist with other pill patterns, so it will not reject other pill patterns."

Chen Xiang found a quiet cave and went inside to try the Twin dan grain.

After the Twin dan grain was improved, it could absorb the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal itself to awaken the Pill Pattern.

"The Twin dan grain is different from the other pill patterns, this requires me to engrave it in the previous stage."

Chen Xiang had already smelted the medicine and turned them into Medicine crystal. After he finished refining the derivation method and the Crash method, he then engraved the Twin dan grain into the Medicine crystal. After he finished refining, he began to compress the Medicine crystal.

This was slightly different from what he had expected, as he was only refining it based on his senses.

"Alright, I can only give it a try. Based on my experience, there shouldn’t be any problems." Chen Xiang’s steps were already a little messy.

After that, he carved Huajing Dan grain and entered the pellet. Only this way would he be able to guarantee that the Twin dan grain would have an effect.

After being inscribed, one would need to awaken their Pill Patterns, and at that time, they would need to use a large amount of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals.

"It’s just that I don’t know how many Tao-creation Divine Crystals are needed. If I need a lot of them, then these Pill Marks would be meaningless." Chen Xiang only used five thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals to refine a Legendary god Dan, if the amount of Tao-creation Holy Crystals he absorbed exceeded ten thousand, then it would not be worth it.

Chen Xiang placed ten thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals into the furnace in one go, allowing the two patterns inside to be absorbed. At the same time, he patiently observed the changes in the furnace.

was pleasantly surprised by the change in the furnace because the Twin dan grain had reacted. It quickly absorbed the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal and at the same time released a strange energy, nurturing a vortex beside it.

Chen Xiang guessed that the cyclone should be the other Legendary god Dan.

"This will take quite a bit of time. I think I’ll go out and look around before coming in." Chen Xiang left the Time Formation and went outside, heading towards the huge mine from before.

It had only been two to three days, yet a huge city had been built here. The name of the city was Yan Mountain and Heavenly City, and it was the peak of the mountain with the largest amount of mines.

The Fire Mountain School from before had already been destroyed in the Seven Mountains Divine Island, and the current Fire Mountain School did not have a good place to stay, so they chose to build it here.

"This is indeed a great place, around us are the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal Mines, and this is the biggest mine they will definitely not dig." Feng Ke’er said: "Because their city’s enchantment array needs to absorb the energy of this mine to protect itself."

"They might not even know how to dig nearby mines! In any case, after the seven Tao-creation Mountain s exploded, there would be a large amount of Tao-creation Holy Crystals. They chose to build a city here, so this place wouldn’t be riddled with holes. " Chen Xiang looked at the group of people in the distance and said: "Right now, the most important thing for them is to use the fame of their Fire Mountain School s to gather more power and at the same time, search for other mines."

The fact that the Fire Mountain School had taken over a large part of the mine meant that they were very rich, so it would be very easy for them to recruit disciples.

"This city is still very competitive." Chen Xiang sighed: "I just don’t know if Fighting Glorious City can get up."

At that time, he did not expect that so many powerful sects and Nine Creation Race s would appear. He thought that he could easily be as prosperous as the Fighting Glorious City s before him.

"You should be able to help him! However, it will also bring you quite a bit of trouble. " He Fengyuan said: "Just the pills you refined are enough to attract many people to the Fighting Glorious City, and at the same time, attract a pack of wolves."

This was also what troubled Chen Xiang the most, so he didn’t want to make any moves inside the Fighting Glorious City at the moment, in case he dragged the entire Fighting Glorious City down.

The hidden God-creation Race in the Super Yuan Dan Alliance was able to obtain his Legendary god Dan’s medicinal formula, as well as the previous Sects from Seven Mountains and the current Paternoster Race. They were all searching for his whereabouts.

Every time Chen Xiang returned to the Fighting Glorious City, he would always keep a low profile.

"Chen Xiang, if you don’t send me back, Fire-creation Race will definitely take action." He was sent as a spy, it had been a few days since Chen Xiang caught him. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"If I don’t bring you back, what will happen to the Fire-creation Race?" Chen Xiang was currently in a secret room inside the Six Realms mirrors, smiling as he looked at the man.

"They will definitely attack the Fighting Glorious City." The short man had a serious expression on his face.

"I admit that they do have that kind of strength, but it won’t be easy for them to take down Fighting Glorious City. Fighting Glorious City has already built a barrier." Chen Xiang laughed: "Are you trying to scare me?"

"Most of the fellows in Fire-creation Race are like the ones you killed." The short man said, "So they can do anything."

"I can let you go back! But you have to sign a Master-servant Contract with me. " Chen Xiang said: "This Master-servant Contract won’t have much of a binding force on you. You are usually free, as long as you don’t betray me! Nothing you know about me can be told. "

Chen Xiang had the Evil Mountain key, if Fire-creation Race knew about it, he would definitely be targeted by him. This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!