Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang would wait for Chu Jinfeng to succeed.

If Chu Jinfeng succeeded, the Fire-creation Race would have no key, and her strength would be weakened slightly, at that time, the Fire-creation Race would have even less confidence to attack the Fighting Glorious City.

It had to be known that right now, Fire-creation Race had to rely on the key to deal with the other Creation Race, so even if they were both injured, they were not afraid of the other Creation Race attacking them.

"Alright, I promise you!" The short skinny man said: "I, Xia Changdong am willing to sign the Master-servant Contract with you."

Xia Changdong didn’t have any other choice now. Chen Xiang wasn’t afraid of him at all, he could torture him to death at any time. He had already fallen into Chen Xiang’s hands, and whether he lived or died wasn’t something he could decide. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

If he signed the Master-servant Contract with Chen Xiang, then he would at least still be alive. As long as he didn’t make any mistakes in the future, he wouldn’t be tortured.

After Chen Xiang and Xia Changdong signed the contract with the Master-servant Contract, they released Xia Changdong.

"We’d better meet once in a while. Maybe I need you to do something." Chen Xiang said.

"No problem!" Xia Changdong nodded his head, then gave Chen Xiang a rock: "As long as you go near Fire-creation Race, I will know that you have come. You just need to wait for a little while, I will appear."

"Alright!"

Xia Changdong left. Chen Xiang also returned to the cave where he concocted pills before. Then, he took a look at the pill furnace inside the Time Formation.

"Done!" Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "The amount of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals consumed is less than what I imagined. This Twin dan grain is truly mystical! This pill pattern was given to me by Chu Jinfeng, who is Tao-creation Divine Lord’s disciple ... Maybe this pill pattern was created by the Tao-creation Divine Lord. "

When Chen Xiang refined the two Legendary god Dan, he only used up eight thousand Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals. Furthermore, he used one less portion of the as well.

"It’s a pity, I still can’t sell the Legendary god Dan." Chen Xiang sighed, because he didn’t have any place to sell them. He didn’t even have a place to go to a decent city.

For example, the Fighting Glorious City was about to be completed. There were already a lot of people inside, so he couldn’t appear there. Then there was Yan Shan Tian City, which was the territory of the Fire Mountain School. If he were to sell the Legendary god Dan there, he would definitely be caught.

"Now we can only wait for chief." Chen Xiang really hoped that Chu Jinfeng could return to the Super Yuan Dan Alliance quickly and punish those God-creation Race s. Those God-creation Race s controlled the entire Super Yuan Dan Alliance, and if this continued, the Super Yuan Dan Alliance might even be disbanded.

The only thing Chen Xiang could do now was to continue refining the pill.

Just as he was about to release the Six Realms mirrors, it suddenly trembled.

"What’s going on? Is it broken? " Chen Xiang was inside the cave, completely shocked by the trembling Six Realms mirrors.

"Master, something’s wrong. The Six Realms mirrors is shaking by itself, I don’t know the reason." He anxiously called out to Xiao Xianglin. Xiao Xianglin was an equipment forger, he would definitely know about the situation.

After Xiao Xianglin came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, he carefully looked at the trembling Six Realms mirrors and said with a frown: "The Six Realms mirrors is currently absorbing the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal that you had placed inside."

Chen Xiang had always kept a few thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals inside the Six Realms mirrors. Sometimes, he would need to use the Six Realms mirrors’s killing array or something like that, and the Six Realms mirrors would need to absorb the Tao-creation Holy Crystals to release its power.

"The rate at which you absorb the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals is extremely fast. I think it won’t be long before you finish absorbing all your Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals." Xiao Xianglin said: "You have to continue putting the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals inside."

"Why? I only have a few tens of thousands of Tao-creation Holy Crystals on me, so I need to save some time. " Chen Xiang anxiously asked: "What happened to the Six Realms mirrors?"

"I just found out that the reason the Six Realms mirrors had such a reaction was mainly because of the relatively simple Transmission array inside." Xiao Xianglin said: "That Transmission array is hidden within your Six Realms mirrors, you probably don’t usually use it much, right?"

"There are too many formations inside. I have no idea." Chen Xiang said: "What’s the purpose of the Transmission array absorbing all those Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals?"

"Of course it’s to be opened! The person who set up the Transmission array left a special method inside, allowing him to be able to control the Six Realms mirrors from the other Transmission array. " Xiao Xianglin said: "You told me before that your Six Realms mirrors had been refined by someone for you, those people should have a good relationship with you!"

There were a lot of people who had helped Chen Xiang refine Six Realms mirrors before, including his master, friends, and then Xue Xianxian and the others.

Xue Xianxian and the others had used it to study the Six Realms mirrors before, it might have been because they left some sort of mechanism inside.

Chen Xiang gave a lot of Tao-creation Divine Crystals to Xiao Xianglin, asking her to help him activate the Transmission array to see what would happen.

Xiao Xianglin was also very curious, just who was controlling the Six Realms mirrors from afar? The person who made such a formation in the depths of the Six Realms mirrors was a very skilled person.

"This Transmission array is not created using the Tao-creation’s Incantation, but it can traverse so many layers of space from very far away ... This is really shocking. " Xiao Xianglin said, "It seems that this is not only because of the Transmission array. It is very likely that the people there have already grasped very strong spatial energy, which is why they are able to make this tiny connection."

After the Six Realms mirrors absorbed the close to ten thousand Tao-creation Sacred Crystals, the mirror suddenly flashed and a few faces appeared. They were Xue Xianxian, Liu Meng’er, Dongfang Xinyue and the other girls.

When Xue Xianxian and the others saw a beauty like Xiao Xianglin together, they scoffed. They were already used to it.

"It’s you guys!" Don’t misunderstand, she’s my master ... " Chen Xiang giggled: "Her name is Xiao Xianglin ...."

After that, Chen Xiang introduced Xiao Xianglin to the woman who appeared in the mirror. Xiao Xianglin had long known that Chen Xiang was a romantic person, she had only secretly despised him, she did not expect that the wives of Chen Xiang were really not lazy, they actually managed to contact Chen Xiang from such a far away world.

Su Meiyao and the others also came out of You Yao Mountain Villa to greet them.

"Chen Xiang, we have a rough understanding of the things over there." Xue Xianxian laughed: "Do you feel very surprised?"

"Of course, how did you know?" Chen Xiang immediately asked: "How exactly did you contact me?"

"This is the help of Uncle Shi!" Liu Meng’er chuckled: "Uncle Shi is a good person, after finding out about your matter, he came to find us, I never expected Tao-creation Place to be like this."

The Uncle Shi was also above the Seven Mountains Divine Island at the time. After the Seven Mountains Divine Island exploded, he tore apart the space and actually went to the World Defying Stage Soul River.

"Where’s the Uncle Shi?" Chen Xiang asked: "I have something to ask him!"

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!