Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Dongfang Xinyue said: "Uncle Shi gave us some things, and then he left. He said he wanted us to send him to Tao-creation Place."

Chen Xiang also didn’t know when the Uncle Shi would arrive, as this was a very long road.

"Chen Xiang, we want to go too!" Xue Xianxian said: "Uncle Shi has told me about the situation over there, you must be in great need of help right now! After we get there, we can help you. "

"This... What is your current cultivation level? Without the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, don’t come. The situation here is chaotic. " Chen Xiang said: "I was thinking of a way to go back earlier, master is also researching the Transmission array."

"Ah, World Defying Stage Legendary Rank... This is indeed a little far! " Xue Xianxian sighed: "We are also just Late period of World Defying magic realm!"

"This is going to happen very soon. How did you guys manage to level up?" Do you have enough resources? " Chen Xiang was very shocked about this, because the World Defying Stage Soul River didn’t have that much energy to allow them to break through.

"That won’t be difficult for us! Of course, most of the credit goes to Sister Feng and the others. They used the’s Madness soul s and rivers to refine pills, but were able to refine many pills. Furthermore, we even passed through the World Defying Stage Soul River to find a large number of Tao-creation’s Holy stone and divine medicines. "

Liu Meng’er laughed tenderly: "Don’t always think that without you, we would be out of date. We are strong now, and in the few floors of World Defying Stage Soul River, we can be said to be the strongest."

The World Defying Stage Soul River already possessed a lot of energy to begin with. Although it was dangerous, if he could get rid of those dangers, he could indeed obtain an increase in energy. The energy in the World Defying Stage Soul River below came mainly from the Tao-creation Place.

"Alright, I’ll think of a way to have you all come here ..." Right, have you guys learned the Tao-creation’s Incantation? " Chen Xiang asked: "Uncle Shi should have told you guys before right!"

"I knew it a long time ago!" Xu Youqing said: "Aren’t there a lot of Tao-creation’s incantations within your Six Realms mirrors .... We’ve met before, and you also have a master here who can guide us. "

"That’s good." Chen Xiang laughed: "You guys are really amazing, you are my beautiful girls alright."

The few women immediately rolled their eyes at Chen Xiang. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"The Uncle Shi gave us some Supreme Mantra s, which is a little difficult to learn, but we can quickly master them. We can use the time incantations to reverse the flow of time." Xue Xianxian said: "We were only able to contact you through the guidance of the Space mantra and the Uncle Shi."

Xiao Xianglin anxiously said: "I will give you a few incantations right now, I made these space and time incantations, when the time comes, use these incantations to create an array disc, I will also be refining an array disc here, if successful, I can think it through."

"Sure, sure!" Xue Xianxian shouted in pleasant surprise.

Then, Xiao Xianglin quickly engraved a large amount of incantations on the surface of the Six Realms mirrors’s mirror. There was even a portion of the incantations, which Xiao Xianglin had comprehended when he had gone through the mysterious passage with Chen Xiang last time.

Xue Xianxian and the others had a lot of people, and their minds were linked. Each of them recorded a part of it, and at the same time, they had some crystals to save the image.

"This is a little difficult!" Liu Meng’er said, "Sister Xiang, this was all done by you alone. How amazing!"

"Un, it is indeed a little difficult... Let me explain the difficulties. " After that, through the Six Realms mirrors, Xiao Xianglin explained to them while Chen Xiang was in charge of adding the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals.

From this distance, the energy consumption was enormous.

"Brother, once we finish refining this formation plate, we will be able to see you again very soon. We’ve missed you so much." Dongfang Jing said sweetly.

"Mm, I missed you too, Jingjing!" Chen Xiang laughed.

Xue Xianxian and the others also needed to consume a large amount of energy, so they had stopped, in case the consumption of energy was too great.

"The following usage is thirty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals, but it’s worth it." Chen Xiang laughed. He was still very happy to see the woman he loved.

Xiao Xianglin rolled her eyes at him, then entered the You Yao Mountain Villa. She had things to do next, even if it meant refining an array disc, it would still require a large amount of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

If their formation plates were good enough, then the pressure on Xue Xianxian and the others wouldn’t be that big, and they would be able to be more stable.

Xiao Xianglin said that he would need at least a hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals in order to refine a relatively stable Transmission array Plate.

The way Chen Xiang earned the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals was to sell medicinal pellets, but he needed a good environment in order to do so. He did not have the conditions to do so right now.

Chen Xiang once again arrived near the Fire-creation Race, took out the stone that Xia Changdong had given him, and patiently waited there.

Xia Changdong arrived very quickly.

"Master, what are your orders?" Xia Changdong didn’t think that Chen Xiang would come to find him so quickly.

"Can you do it now?" Chen Xiang asked: "I do need your help with something."

"Yes, please!" Xia Changdong said.

"I have a type of pill that I need to sell, at least fifteen thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals. It’s called the Legendary god Dan." Chen Xiang said: "It’s not convenient for me to sell it now, it’s mainly because I’m being closely watched by a few sects. Take a look and see if there’s any way for me to sell this pellet."

When Xia Changdong returned to the Fire-creation Race, he had secretly inquired about Chen Xiang’s matters. Previously, he did not know much about Chen Xiang, but after he made some inquiries in the Fire-creation Race, he was extremely shocked about Chen Xiang’s achievements.

Chen Xiang was currently the number one target of the Fire-creation Race, precisely because he could refine Legendary god Dan.

"Wood-creation Race may need to buy it! Amongst the Nine Creation Race s, even though the Wood-creation Race is also a little treacherous, they can be considered to be relatively gentle. They don’t have too much hatred towards the other Creation Race s and are able to maintain a good relationship with them. Xia Changdong said: "Previously, they had come to Fire-creation Race once, and it was I who was in charge of bringing them to Fire-creation Race, and at that time, they had also invited us to Wood-creation Race."

Chen Xiang understood what Xia Changdong meant. Xia Changdong wanted Chen Xiang and the people from Wood-creation Race to give it a try.

"Can you help me contact the people of Wood-creation Race? It’s enough to be at the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, I don’t need to fight those that are too strong, I can’t win against them. " Chen Xiang said.

"Sure, take this piece of wood! As long as you go to the hidden area of the Wood-creation Race, there will be people looking for you. Xia Changdong passed Chen Xiang a piece of wood.

"Good, this time it’s all thanks to me!" Chen Xiang patted Xia Changdong’s shoulders and chuckled: "I will definitely not treat you unfairly in the future!"

"Thank you, master!" Xia Changdong was the quick-witted type, if not he would not be set up as a spy, he was only lacking in talent and would not be able to level up, if not his future would be bright.

Xia Changdong possessed the Evil Mountain Key, which was a terrifying thing. Xia Changdong was very clear about how terrifying this thing was to the Nine Creation Race, so he did not want to go against Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took the wooden block Xia Changdong gave him and immediately headed to Wood-creation Race.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!