Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Xia Changdong was already Chen Xiang’s servant and he wouldn’t betray Chen Xiang even if he signed the agreement with the Master-servant Contract. That was why Chen Xiang trusted him and dared to come into contact with the people of the Wood-creation Race.

Chen Xiang took the mysterious piece of wood and quickly headed to Wood-creation Race’s territory.

"The speed of the Wood-creation Race is also fast, to build a city here so quickly, it seems like the Creation Race need to absorb people to increase their strength, I wonder what happened to them after they were sealed within the mountain, they all desire to strengthen their own power." Chen Xiang came to a city called Sky Wood City.

After the Seven Mountains Divine Island was destroyed, the Tao-creation Place experienced a huge change and many people were displaced. After Sky Wood City was built, people around Sky Wood City rushed over and entered Sky Wood City.

"This Wood-creation Race should be the type that keeps a low profile. I have not even heard of a city that has been built for a long time." Chen Xiang had previously learned from Xia Changdong that the Wood-creation Race had never had any conflicts with other races over the years.

And because of this, the Wood-creation Race secretly developed a very strong power, just that he did not know how strong they were.

"This Wood-creation Race is really secretly making a fortune!" After Chen Xiang entered the Sky Wood City, he took out the small piece of wood and saw that it was glowing slightly.

Chen Xiang immediately headed towards a tavern to wait. He did not know who the person who came would be, nor did he need to be a important person in the Wood-creation Race. As long as he could purchase his Legendary god Dan.

There were a lot of people in Sky Wood City, the people that were originally scattered around the city were all gathered in Sky Wood City, some of them with good talent were recruited by the Wood-creation Race.

Chen Xiang could hear a lot of shocking news when he was in the tavern, one of them was that Wood-creation Race had actually found a few huge ores, and these mines were not smaller than those that Fire Mountain School had snatched, who knew how he had found them in the Wood-creation Race.

"Seems like this Wood-creation Race is very rich. When the time comes, I have to raise the price a bit." Chen Xiang thought in his heart. The small piece of wood in his hand was getting brighter and brighter, which meant that the person was getting closer and closer to him.

Chen Xiang did not know if Xia Changdong was reliable or not, but with things having turned out this way, he could only give it a try.

The person who came in was a slightly plump man with a fat head and big ears, and a face full of smiles. The moment he came in, he looked in Chen Xiang’s direction and walked over.

"You were called over by Brother Xia?" You are not someone from the Fire-creation Race! " The man smiled and said, "But I trust Brother Xia. The people he recommends definitely aren’t bad!"

"This one is Shen Fei, may I know what your name is?" Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "I won’t let you down, as long as you can pay me the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal."

"I’m Fatty Zhang, everyone here calls me that." Fatty Zhang chuckled.

"You don’t look too fat!" Chen Xiang smiled and poured some tea for Fatty Zhang, and said: I wonder how many Holy Crystals do you have in your hands?

"Judging from Brother Shen’s tone, I think there is something extraordinary! You don’t have to worry about the Tao-creation Sacred Crystals, even though I, Fatty Zhang, am not one of those people with a very high position in the Wood-creation Race, I am definitely not poor. " Fatty Zhang laughed, "Take out the goods and let me see what they are. I actually hope to see some things that I cannot afford to buy. Being able to broaden my horizons is also a pretty good thing."

Chen Xiang took out the two Legendary god Dan s.

"Dan?" "What pill is this!?" Fatty Zhang immediately asked, he was a knowledgeable person, being able to discern that the two pills were of good quality, and he could also see precious World Defying Dan grain carved into them.

"Legendary god Dan! I wonder if Brother Fatty has heard of it? " Chen Xiang looked around and said.

Fatty Zhang took a deep breath and said, "Let’s talk somewhere else!"

Fatty Zhang asked for a secret room in the inn. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"You should be Chen Xiang, right?!" Fatty Zhang laughed: "I never thought that Xia Changdong would actually recommend you. I really didn’t misjudge you back then!"

"Brother Fatty, since you know me, then I don’t need to introduce this Legendary god Dan anymore!" Chen Xiang laughed.

Fatty Zhang, as a person who specialized in handling business, was extremely sensitive to many things. He had known about Chen Xiang’s situation since a long time ago, and also knew that Chen Xiang’s current situation was being targeted by the Seven Great Sects. The other Creation Race s also had their intentions on Chen Xiang.

The current Chen Xiang simply did not have any place to sell Legendary god Dan, other than secretly looking for buyers using a lot of things. However, this was extremely troublesome, as a Alchemist, he did not have that much energy to do this sort of thing.

"Of course I know. Legendary god Dan exist like legends." Fatty Zhang looked at the two beautiful Legendary god Dan s and said: "Brother Shen, then name a price, I’ll see if I can accept it!"

"Twenty-five thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals!" Chen Xiang said.

"As far as I know, Brother Shen once sold it for 15,000 pills." Fatty Zhang said.

"Things were different then!" Chen Xiang let out a long sigh, "After such a situation occurs in the Seven Mountains Divine Island, cultivating medicinal herbs would be even more difficult."

"Twenty thousand!" Fatty Zhang said.

Chen Xiang had already planned to sell one pellet of the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals previously, so the price of twenty thousand was already considered to be not bad.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded and agreed.

Fatty Zhang very decisively bought two of Chen Xiang’s Legendary god Dan.

"Brother Shen, if you have successfully refined it, you can look for me." Fatty Zhang laughed: "I’m not like the other Creation Race, so you can relax."

Fatty Zhang was in the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he could be considered strong. Chen Xiang could sense from the trade just now that this Fatty Zhang was definitely a good person and was easy to negotiate with.

It was just that he did not know his position in the Wood-creation Race.

"Good!" I will be refining pills in this city! Oh right, Brother Fatty, do you want to sell your pills or eat them yourself? " Chen Xiang asked: "Will you report this matter to the higher ups?"

"A Legendary god Dan is hard to find, of course I want to keep it for my people to eat! I won’t report it for now. " Fatty Zhang did not inform the clan higher ups about this matter. It was clear that he was worried that the higher ups would take notice of Chen Xiang and force Chen Xiang to hand over the pill formulas.

Fatty Zhang knew about Chen Xiang’s situation and knew that Chen Xiang would definitely not yield, so this was simply a thankless task. He might as well work together with Chen Xiang.

"Brother Shen, then I’ll be waiting for your good news." Fatty Zhang smiled happily and then left the tavern in a happy mood.

Originally, Fatty Zhang had planned to arrange a place for Chen Xiang to refine pills.

After Fatty Zhang left the tavern, Chen Xiang changed his appearance, went to another tavern to get a secret room, and then started refining pills. This was the territory of the Wood-creation Race, he had to be vigilant.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!