Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Fatty Zhang thought about many things on the way here, he planned to temporarily hide the fact that he had Legendary god Dan s. As of now, this kind of good stuff was extremely rare, even with the Tao-creation Holy Crystals it was hard to buy, because only Chen Xiang knew how to refine them. Access:.

Chen Xiang needed to earn the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals and let Xiao Xianglin refine the formation plates so that he could meet Xue Xianxian and the others as soon as possible. With their help, he wouldn’t feel so powerless anymore.

"Currently, refining the Legendary god Dan has saved me quite a bit of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, moreover, it can be sold at such a high price. I truly never would have imagined this." Chen Xiang laughed, "Looks like there are more Holy Crystals in the Tao-creation Place than when I was in the Seven Mountains Divine Island."

"Although that fatty is sincere in cooperating with you, it’s hard to say for the other Wood-creation Race s. Once those Wood-creation Race s find out, it would be hard to avoid, just like other forces, wanting to snatch the pill formulas and World Defying Dan grain from your hands." Su Meiyao said: "You must be vigilant."

"Got it, I’m on guard against this right now." Chen Xiang also knew that his cooperation with Fatty Zhang could not last long. This was only because his strength was too weak, if he revealed himself and got targeted by those big powers, he could only hide.

Chen Xiang used all of the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals to refine ten pieces of Legendary god Dan in one go.

"It has only been half a day, refining the Legendary god Dan is not difficult at all for me." Chen Xiang said: "I can definitely refine a large amount in a short period of time, but I don’t have anywhere to sell."

He was looking for business opportunities and wanted to see if he could sell the Peak dan s. Su Meiyao and he had refined many Peak dan s and this Peak dan could sell at least one hundred Tao-creation Divine Crystals, although it was not as fast as the Tao-creation Divine Crystals that the Legendary god Dan had earned, it was still a very easy pill to sell.

"sister Meiyao, how many Peak dan s do you have there?" Chen Xiang asked: "This Peak dan should have a market here, many people can find a lot of Tao-creation Holy Crystals, the Peak dan will definitely sell it for more than in the Seven Mountains Divine Island."

Chen Xiang had wandered around Wood City for a whole day and learned that there were a lot of scattered Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals that had fallen near Sky Wood City. As long as one wasn’t too lazy, one could find a lot of them.

There was a lot of energy inside the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal, but this energy was far less useful than elixirs. Powerful elixirs could let a person directly break through a level, so many people used the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal to buy elixirs.

"In the past few days, I must have refined more than 3000 pills!" Su Meiyao said, she was using the Time array to refine the Peak dan, that was just like playing around.

"Over three thousand, that’s a lot!" Chen Xiang calculated, if one pellet could really be sold for two hundred Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, then this would amount to six hundred thousand Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

It was also because Su Meiyao was short of Holy Crystals that he stopped refining the Peak dan, and he also needed to use the Tao-creation Holy Crystals to awaken the World Defying Dan grain.

"I’ll go find Fatty Zhang now." Chen Xiang took out the small piece of wood and went to the inn from last time to contact Fatty Zhang.

Fatty Zhang came over quickly, the moment he came, he brought Chen Xiang to his room.

"Brother Shen, your speed is really fast. It seems your Time array is very strong." Fatty Zhang chuckled.

"Brother Fatty, do you want the Peak dan?" Chen Xiang asked: "The kind that can let people step into the Peak of World Defying magic realm after eating them." Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Yes!" How much are you selling it for? " Fatty Zhang immediately shouted, he was very clear on the importance of Peak dan here.

In the past, the Tao-creation Place did not have as many resources as the Seven Mountains Divine Island, but now that a large amount of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals had appeared, many people gave a small amount, Peak dan s were very useful to this group of people, they would definitely buy a lot.

"I have three thousand, two hundred Tao-creation Holy Crystals for one." Chen Xiang said.

"Hiss ..." Fatty Zhang took a deep breath. Three thousand crystals in one go?

"I saved this before." Chen Xiang laughed: "Do you want it? If you were to sell it here, you would earn a lot. "

"Doesn’t this mean that you’ve been exposed?" Fatty Zhang said, "If I sell these pills, others will definitely know that you’re in contact with me."

Fatty Zhang was in a difficult position, Chen Xiang could also think of this kind of situation.

"You are worried about your Wood-creation Race? Are you worried that they will attack me? " Chen Xiang asked.

Fatty Zhang nodded: "To tell you the truth, if my family knew, I think they would probably have ulterior motives, unlike me!"

"How about this, I will think of a way to have a secret relationship with you in the future, that should be fine!" As for the Wood-creation Race, you can settle the matter yourself. In short, we will not meet again for our future interactions with each other, and will use a very secretive method. " Chen Xiang said: "Or you could do it once every long time, that way it can be avoided."

"Alright! I’ll take your Peak dan. Do you still have more Legendary god Dan? " Fatty Zhang gritted his teeth and agreed.

"Yes, ten reads!" Chen Xiang did not have much Tao-creation Divine Crystals left, if he sold this batch, it would be enough for him to use for a while.

"A total of eight hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals!" Fatty Zhang said as he placed the Tao-creation Divine Crystal inside a Storage bag and handed it over to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took it and counted it, then nodded his head in satisfaction.

If Fatty Zhang switched hands, he would at least be able to earn twenty three hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals. Chen Xiang himself did not know why he would have so many Tao-creation Holy Crystals in his hands to buy his pill.

"See you later!" After Chen Xiang received the eight hundred thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals, he was also satisfied. He did not leave Sky Wood City immediately as he wanted to see the reaction of the Wood-creation Race.

On the second day, Fatty Zhang started selling his Peak dan s openly, as expected, because he had a certain level of reputation here, he quickly sold a lot. He actually sold them for three hundred Tao-creation Divine Crystals, and increased the price by a hundred Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

Chen Xiang had thought that he would only be adding fifty Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

The twelve Legendary god Dan in his hands were equivalent to twelve World Defying Stage Legendary Rank s in value, they were incomparably precious, he was not willing to sell them, and he did not plan to let others know that he would leave them for his own use. Although Chen Xiang had secretly ’handed’ them over to him, he was worried that he would not have the chance to ’exchange’ them ’with Chen Xiang in the future.

After a few days, all of the Peak dan in Fatty Zhang’s hands were sold, causing Chen Xiang to sigh in his heart. If he were to sell them, someone would come and create trouble at his door in less than half a day.

Chen Xiang released his illusion and entered Fatty Zhang’s shop, arriving at his room.

"Brother Fatty, is there anyone from Wood-creation Race looking for you?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Someone’s coming. They asked me to bring the people they arranged for me to capture you and force you to hand over the pill formula the next time I see you." Fatty Zhang was also very loyal, telling this kind of thing to Chen Xiang directly.

"It seems that in the future, it will be even more difficult to get into contact with him." Chen Xiang laughed bitterly.

"Yeah, but it doesn’t matter. There will definitely be a chance." Fatty Zhang himself also made a small profit, "Those old fellows in the clan are really something. He thinks that he can get the pill formula just by capturing you. How laughable!" "If I were in his place, even if I were to die, I wouldn’t hand over the pill formula."

...

Thailand’s most popular female anchorwoman new love video exposure down the male host!