Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had enough Tao-creation Divine Crystals in his hands, he would think of a way to do it after he used them all up. Right now, he felt that it was time to level up his cultivation, otherwise, he would not be able to fight against those old fellows from the Nine Creation Race and the Seven Great Sects.

"Master, how about you refine a Doppelgänger mantra Soul Stone for me first. How about it?" Chen Xiang said. He already had eight hundred thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals in his possession. Refining a Legendary mantra’s soul stone would require five hundred thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

"No problem!" Xiao Xianglin entered the Time array and he quickly completed it.

If Chen Xiang could have two more clones, his speed of refining pills and his overall strength would have increased by a lot.

"Junior sister, when you clone yourself, would you find more Divine Sense Sea?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious. He had the Red fire dragon, he didn’t know if he could have two more.

"Yes!" Little White Fox said: "Senior Brother, don’t you have a little dragon? If you control the Doppelgänger mantra, Xiao Long can also split two of them. "

"So powerful!" Chen Xiang was secretly pleased. Just thinking about the strength of three Red fire dragon was enough to frighten him.

Xiao Xianglin stayed in the Time array for half a day before she came out. This meant that she had refined five hundred thousand Tao-creation Sacred Crystals.

The small pearl in Chen Xiang’s palm was the Legendary mantra Soul Stone. It was refined using five hundred thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals and he excitedly popped it into his mouth and ate it.

After eating it, he quickly mastered Doppelgänger mantra. He quickly ’created’ two clones in accordance to what Little White Fox had taught him before.

Those two clones were very special. Other than the fact that the You Yao Mountain Villa was not inside, everything else was similar to his original body. Chen Xiang was able to clearly see that each of the two clones had a Red fire dragon s, but these two Red fire dragon s were not as lively as his original body. Mianhuatang. [cc] is even faster, the website page is refreshing, there are few advertisements, this is my favorite website, I must give it a good review.]

"As expected of the Legendary mantra, just how powerful!" Chen Xiang could easily control the two clones as if it was as easy as controlling his own hands and feet.

There was no problem in using it to refine pills.

"These five hundred thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals are worth it." Chen Xiang laughed, I need to earn a little more Tao-creation Holy Crystals, so that sister You You You and the others can learn it.

Xiao Xianglin was refining the Transmission array Plate, this might be able to teleport Xue Xianxian and the others over.

Chen Xiang headed towards the Fire-creation Race. He took out the Super Yuan Dan Alliance’s order badge, but did not sense Chu Jinfeng’s presence.

"Could it be that Alliance Master has succeeded?" Chen Xiang was also not sure if the Fire-creation Race was very strong or not. The Flame Mountain Key was very important to the Fire-creation Race, he was sure that it would protect him well.

Chen Xiang took out a rock and summoned Xia Changdong.

When Xia Changdong wasn’t going out to be a scout, he would always be patrolling in the forest. Thus, when he felt Chen Xiang’s summons, he immediately came to see the Immortal.

"Master!"

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "Did something big happen in your Fire-creation Race?!"

Xia Changdong was shocked, but he did not say a word, as his expression was strange.

Chen Xiang could immediately guess that Xia Changdong must have made a blood oath or something like that and could not reveal this matter. In that case, it was very possible that Chu Jinfeng had obtained the key to the Fire-creation Race.

It was hard to deal with the other Creation Race, so they did not allow this matter to leak out.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "I know, you can’t tell me!"

Xia Changdong only nodded slightly. The moment he said it, he would be breaking his own blood oath.

"When I was in Sky Wood City, I cooperated very happily with Brother Fatty. However, in the end, I was targeted by the Wood-creation Race and it was difficult for me to work with Brother Fatty in the future." Chen Xiang sighed.

"After all, Master’s alchemy skills are peerless. In the eyes of all the major powers, you are nothing but a piece of meat. Everyone wants to eat you." Xia Changdong said.

"You continue to stay in the Fire-creation Race. Be careful not to expose the relationship between you and me. I might not come here often in the future." Chen Xiang patted Xia Changdong’s shoulder, then gave him some Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

"En!"

Chen Xiang left the Fire-creation Race and headed towards the villa where the Super Yuan Dan Alliance was. If Chu Jinfeng succeeded, he would definitely return here the first thing.

Super Yuan Mountain Villa, it was quiet, Chen Xiang took out his order badge and lit it up, he knew Chu Jinfeng was here.

"Did the chief take care of the people inside?" Chen Xiang could only wait outside for Chu Jinfeng to come out.

He waited for a very long time, and even after two whole days, Chu Jinfeng still did not come out to look for him.

This was not a good thing!

Chu Jinfeng was not weak, he should not be trapped.

There was nothing Chen Xiang could do, he could only let the illusion enter to search for Chu Jinfeng.

Very quickly, his spirit body appeared in the plaza inside Super Yuan Mountain Villa.

Chu Jinfeng was trapped within a barrier within the plaza, and outside Chu Jinfeng, there were a few other elders, one of whom was the one who tried to capture him last time.

"Chu Jinfeng, you have truly shocked us all. You actually managed to get the Chuanghuo key from the Fire-creation Race’s hands." An old man grinned fiendishly, "What a pity, this will belong to us. When the clan leader arrives, the key will be ours."

"Master, you really are something!" Back then, he should have been ruthless and sealed you all. Yet, he arranged for you all to come to me and cause trouble. " Chu Jinfeng sat on the ground, feeling very helpless.

Chen Xiang was secretly happy in his heart. Chu Jinfeng had already succeeded and obtained the Chuanghuo key, but he just did not expect that he would be tricked by the few elders and be trapped.

"We have to rescue him." Chen Xiang began to think of a plan.

The Super Yuan Mountain Villa was protected by a strong barrier, but he could use his penetrating power to easily enter. The problem was that the moment he got near the plaza, he would definitely be discovered.

"We should be able to lure these few old fellows away." Chen Xiang had to hurry up, otherwise, if the patriarch of God-creation Race came here, he would have no chance of survival. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Chen Xiang quickly thought of an idea, even though it was a bit risky.

He released an avatar, and when he was far away, he controlled the avatar to release the Red fire dragon, allowing it to release its strongest dragon aura.

Very quickly, the few old fellows could sense the aura of the Red fire dragon.

"A very strong dragon!" An old man shouted in shock, "It’s a little far from here, we should be in a reverse stage when we go to the dragon. Once we grow up, maybe we can be comparable to Killing evil dragon."

In the retrograde phase, the beasts were the smallest. Due to their small size, they were considered to be the best animals to subdue.

"We have to move quickly so that the others won’t get their hands on it. We’ll go together." A fat old man said.

"Where’s Chu Jinfeng? "No need?"

"No need. Our barrier is so strong that he won’t be able to break through it. Even if someone wants to save us, it will take quite a bit of time. When the time comes, we will definitely be alerted. We’ll just have to rush back."

Just like this, the five elders immediately left Super Yuan Mountain Villa. Chen Xiang never thought that the Red fire dragon s would be so enticing towards this group of people.