Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Shumilou. Co M. Shumilou. com Co

Chu Jinfeng was sealed inside the barrier, he did not feel the Red fire dragon’s Qi, if not he would have been shocked. Now that he saw the elders rushing over to the dragon, he could tell that the dragon was not simple.

Chen Xiang saw that after the few elders left, they had immediately used their penetrating power to directly penetrate the barrier around Super Yuan Mountain Manor. Then, they carefully and quickly headed towards the plaza.

After nearing Chu Jinfeng, Chen Xiang released a clone, allowing the clone to use its piercing ability to enter the barrier that was trapping Chu Jinfeng.

"Chen Xiang?" Chu Jinfeng sensed the weak Qi undulations from the barrier, and then he sensed Chen Xiang’s Qi. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Chief, I’ve come to save you." Chen Xiang’s clone released its piercing ability, covering Chu Jinfeng and bringing him out of the enchantment.

"Chen Xiang, it’s really you!" Chu Jinfeng was pleasantly surprised, if no one came to rescue him, he would be in trouble when the God-creation Race’s Patriarch and the rest arrived.

"It’s me!" Alliance Chief, why were you so careless and got caught by them? " Chen Xiang immediately controlled the clone in the distance and let it disappear. At the same time, he brought Chu Jinfeng away from the Super Yuan Dan Alliance.

After Chen Xiang entered the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, all of them were quiet and no one noticed him. When they first left together, it was the same.

"I never thought that they would become so strong, and that they had already planned to deal with me, Chu Jinfeng, as he sighed," This Super Yuan Dan Alliance can be considered to be finished. "

Chu Jinfeng had already followed Chen Xiang far away from Super Yuan Dan Alliance. The few elders who were searching for the Red fire dragon could not find it, so when they returned to Super Yuan Dan Alliance and did not see Chu Jinfeng, they were extremely furious.

Chen Xiang and Chu Jinfeng were hiding in a cave deep in the mountains.

"Alliance Master, your rallying power is still there! Many Alchemist in the Super Yuan Dan Alliance must be very unsatisfied with those fellows. You should be able to think of a way to gather this group of Alchemist. " Chen Xiang said, "Then I will rebuild the Super Yuan Dan Alliance. It will be fine as long as there are no such fellows in the Super Yuan Dan Alliance."

"I also have the same idea. Let me try it out!" I really have to thank you this time. " Chu Jinfeng was extremely grateful to Chen Xiang. If not for Chen Xiang saving him, he might have been killed by the Tao-creation Divine Lord.

"Chief, didn’t you get the Chuanghuo key? This should be able to deal with the few old fellows in God-creation Race. " Chen Xiang said: "You can’t beat them now?"

"The Chuanghuo key has been sealed by the Fire-creation Race for many years. I have just obtained it and have yet to awaken this key." Chu Jinfeng sighed: "Otherwise, those few old fellows wouldn’t even be my match."

The key was about to awaken as well!

Chen Xiang felt that the Chuangxie key he obtained had awoken. Right now, Xiao Xianglin was simply too busy, otherwise, she would have been able to create the mysterious space-time array formation and see the secrets within.

"Oh right, the pill formulas that I gave you previously have all been prepared." Chu Jinfeng laughed, "This is called the Tai Yuan Legend Pellet! Although it’s a little difficult to refine, it shouldn’t be too difficult for you. "

Chu Jinfeng gave Chen Xiang ten sets of ingredients and placed them in a small wooden chest.

"Alliance Master, you have to rebuild the Super Yuan Dan Alliance as soon as possible! Otherwise, they will fall behind the other forces. The Seven Great Sects and the Nine Creation Race will definitely be rapidly developing their own forces right now. " Chen Xiang said.

"Don’t worry, I will definitely rebuild the Super Yuan Dan Alliance. If the God-creation Race treats me like this, I will definitely teach them a lesson." Chu Jinfeng said: "Wait for my news, if I am able to successfully rebuild the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, at that time I will be named Super Yuan Dan City, and you can directly come to this city to find me."

"Chief, where are those guys? Since you were saved by me, they would definitely be furious. If they had any news about you, they would definitely look for you for trouble. " Chen Xiang was a little worried.

"Don’t worry, by then, the Chuanghuo key in my hands will already be awake. An Xin won’t be able to do anything to me." Chu Jinfeng patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders to reassure him.

After Chu Jinfeng and Chen Xiang parted ways, he didn’t know where to go. In short, his heart was filled with anger, if the people of God-creation Race treat him like this, he would definitely take revenge.

After Chen Xiang obtained the medicinal formula for the Tai Yuan Legend Pellet, he began to carefully study it.

"Even without World Defying Dan grain, direct refinement would have a pretty good effect." Chen Xiang said: "From the description, the difficulty of the refining is rather high, even if a Alchemist like Chu Jinfeng were to refine it, it would take at least a hundred years!"

Legend rank divine pellets were all refined using legendary medicine, Chen Xiang did not know whether or not adding Huajing Dan grain s would raise their quality.

"If we use Huajing Dan grain s to refine it, it might require a lot of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals." Chen Xiang had just earned eight hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals before, but he had already spent about seventy to eighty percent of it now.

The faster the profit, the faster the expenditure. Chen Xiang felt that he would never be able to spend enough Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

Chen Xiang could only continue to refine Peak dan with Su Meiyao. Peak dan s were easier to refine, and the consumption of Tao-creation Holy Crystals was not too much. Furthermore, Chen Xiang now had three clones, so refining them was even faster.

"If I refine so many Peak dan, it might be difficult to sell." Su Meiyao said: "The pills you are concocting right now are not easy to sell."

Many of the big cities in the Tao-creation Place were drowned, and the big cities that were just built were now controlled by the Nine Creation Race s or the Seven Great Sects. The only Fighting Glorious City that he was familiar with was one that he could not go to.

So he really hoped that Chu Jinfeng could quickly build a city so that he could sell the pills. Otherwise, it would be extremely difficult to obtain the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

"No problem, let’s first refine it first." Chen Xiang said: "If I use the Twin dan grain to refine, I should be able to save up a lot of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals."

Chen Xiang immediately went to try and see if he could refine two Peak dan out of seventy Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

Afterwards, he and Su Meiyao refined five hundred pills in one go.

"Alright, there aren’t many Tao-creation Sacred Crystals left. When Master refines the array discs, he will need to add a few Tao-creation Sacred Crystals from time to time, but it’s not enough for him to add on now."

The thing that troubled Chen Xiang the most was how to sell these five hundred Peak dan.

The city of Icy Jade Sect was already built, so Chen Xiang immediately came to the inside of the city. The city had its own style, the buildings were all made of white ice, but they were not very cold, just a little cold.

Chen Xiang was now in the Icy Jade Sect’s city. What surprised him was that Fatty Zhang had previously sold a large number of Peak dan and even knew about this city.

"Icy Jade Sect had my intentions before. If I were to be exposed here, they would definitely capture me at the first possible moment." Just as he was at his wit’s end, Chen Xiang suddenly heard that Fatty Zhang was in the city.

He immediately headed towards Fatty Zhang’s shop. The reason Fatty Zhang was there was obviously to escape Wood-creation Race’s watch.