Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Fatty Zhang is really smart. The first thing he does is rush to this newly established city." Chen Xiang arrived outside Fatty Zhang’s shop but did not enter.

Before, when Fatty Zhang came into contact with Chen Xiang, he would definitely be watched closely by the Wood-creation Race, so he had to be extremely careful.

This city was constructed by the Icy Jade Sect, so the people of the Wood-creation Race had to restrain themselves a little. They didn’t dare send a lot of people here.

Chen Xiang secretly admired Fatty Zhang’s courage. The reason Fatty Zhang did this, was obviously to distance himself from the Wood-creation Race, so that it would be convenient for Chen Xiang to find him.

Fatty Zhang’s shop had more than ten floors. At night, one of the floors had a window. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Chen Xiang, who had been wandering around the whole time, immediately released his spirit body and entered the room, and indeed, he saw Fatty Zhang.

"Brother Fatty!" Chen Xiang immediately transmitted his voice to Fatty Zhang through his [Phantom Body].

"Brother Shen, you’re really fast!" Fatty Zhang laughed, "I came to this city just to conveniently trade with you. Although there are a lot of fellows from the Wood-creation Race here, there aren’t many that are good at it."

"I refined five hundred Peak dan at the same price as before." Chen Xiang said: "Put the Storage bag with the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal on the table."

"Alright, one hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals!" Fatty Zhang took out a Storage bag and placed it on the table.

After that, the Storage bag slightly moved. If one did not observe carefully, it would be impossible to notice that the Storage bag was moving.

"Alright, the Storage bag is inside." Chen Xiang said.

Fatty Zhang counted the items and smiled in satisfaction. He did not know how Chen Xiang did it, but it was enough as long as the transaction was successful.

"You suddenly have Peak dan to sell, won’t Wood-creation Race suspect you?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course not. I said that I concocted it myself, they wouldn’t want to steal my pill formula right?" Just like the other forces, the internal strife within the Wood-creation Race is extremely intense. " Fatty Zhang laughed.

Chen Xiang received a hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals, and after bidding farewell to Fatty Zhang, he hurriedly returned to continue refining the pellets.

Although he was confident that he could sell the Peak dan, Chen Xiang was still worried for Fatty Zhang. To go against the Wood-creation Race in public like this was not a good thing, not to mention that Fatty Zhang’s strength was not very strong, he was only a businessman.

"One hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals is simply not enough!" Chen Xiang gave Xiao Xianglin 50,000 points to refine the array disc. For the remaining 50,000 points, he was going to refine the Legendary god Dan.

If things really did not work out, he would have to dig up the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal mine. However, the source of the ore was not stable, and it would take some time, so he would have to depend on his luck to find the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal.

Chen Xiang gave Jiang Sijing and the others the medicinal ingredients for the Tai Yuan Mythical Pellet. Cultivating this medicinal ingredient would also require a large amount of Tao-creation Divine Crystals as fertilizer in order to grow it quickly.

A few days later, Chen Xiang brought ten Legendary god Dan s to find Fatty Zhang, but when he arrived at the Ice Jade City, he found out that Fatty Zhang’s shop was closed. After asking around, he found out that Fatty Zhang was captured by the people from the Wood-creation Race.

"This Fatty Zhang is really ..." "Don’t be too careful." Chen Xiang sighed helplessly, Fatty Zhang could be considered to have died.

Chen Xiang currently did not have any ways to sell Legendary god Dan. Last time, he had planned to borrow some from Chu Jinfeng, but after thinking about it, if Chu Jinfeng wanted to rebuild the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, he knew that he would need a lot of Tao-creation Holy Crystals, so he did not ask for it.

"Are we really going to mine?" Chen Xiang began to ask where the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal Mine could be found so that he could dig it up and pass through this difficult stage.

It was a secret that he did not know where the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal Mine was, but he did know that there was a Super Yuan Dan City under construction that was recruiting people to help with the construction of the city. At the same time, he was also recruiting people to join the Super Yuan Dan City as he started renting out the shops inside.

If a city wanted to attract people, it had to show off its strength first.

The Super Yuan Dan Alliance used a very simple and crude method to show their strength. At the gate of the city that had just been built, there were two old men from God-creation Race who were heavily injured.

These two old men were both in the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank! Because he was a traitor to the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, he was punished. This caused a lot of people to discuss about him in many cities.

Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief. He could also be considered to have experienced Chu Jinfeng’s methods.

After Chu Jinfeng’s Chuanghuo key woke up, he was no longer afraid of the people from God-creation Race.

Chen Xiang immediately headed towards the Super Yuan Dan City, and saw Chu Jinfeng from afar.

Chu Jinfeng was right at the entrance of the Super Yuan Dan City, and there were two old men covered in injuries.

"Chu Jinfeng, you are fighting against the entire God-creation Race." An old man said angrily.

"It was you who fought against me first! You asked for it, and I’m not afraid of your God-creation Race right now. Come if you have the guts, let’s see who’s stronger. " Chu Jinfeng had already understood the power of the Chuanghuo key. Although it was mainly used to deal with the Fire-creation Race, it still had a lot of power to intimidate and intimidate the God-creation Race.

The reason why Chu Jinfeng did this was to demonstrate his might and tell everyone in Tao-creation Place that he had the power to challenge the God-creation Race, and the God-creation Race didn’t dare to do anything to him.

In Nine Creation Race, if one did not have that kind of key, then they would be suppressed by others. As a result, up until now, Evil-creation Race still did not openly appear, and had only made a low-key city.

The God-creation Race did not dare to appear, so they wanted to control the Super Yuan Dan Alliance. However, they did not expect Chu Jinfeng to get the Chuanghuo key and defeat the five strong elders who were hiding in the Super Yuan Dan Alliance.

"Chief!" Chen Xiang walked over, laughing as he shouted: "Where are the other three?"

"Those three were too weak. They couldn’t even fight; they died in an instant." Chu Jinfeng was also very happy to see Chen Xiang, she was his benefactor.

The two old men on top were furious when they saw Chen Xiang. They suspected that Chen Xiang was the only one who saved Chu Jinfeng, as he was the only one who had such a method.

"The city is about to be built. Pick a good place for yourself, as much as you want!" Chu Jinfeng patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder: "Half of Super Yuan Dan City is yours."

Chen Xiang naturally would not refuse, and then, he would enter the Super Yuan Dan City to let Hua Liqing come out and choose a place.

The construction of the Super Yuan Dan City was very big, ten times bigger than other so-called big cities. It could be seen how ambitious Chu Jinfeng was, as he was also planning to rob people from other cities.

In the end, Hua Liqing chose a place near the city wall. There were a few small hills here, allowing her to build a large villa, because the place she chose was very big, it was better to be far away from the center of the city. Otherwise, she would feel sorry occupying a large area in the center of the city.

Hua Liqing had already begun instructing people to build shops and villas, and it wouldn’t take too much Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!