Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was going to gather the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals and he was still guarding outside the city. He had to wait for the people from the God-creation Race to come.

These two old men were both at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. To God-creation Race, they had started out as very strong people, so he definitely would not give up just like that.

Chen Xiang went to find Chu Jinfeng and wanted to ask him a few things, but he felt over a dozen powerful auras coming from outside the city.

"Is this the power of the God-creation Race?" Chen Xiang was currently in the city and he was already extremely shocked. When the aura attacked, the entire Super Yuan Dan City seemed as if it could be destroyed at any time by this pressure.

The people who were building the city were all trembling. They were intimidated by this extremely powerful aura, and fear filled their hearts.

Chen Xiang anxiously arrived at the city wall, only to see ten elders dressed in gold robes standing in front of Chu Jinfeng. These were definitely the patriarchs and powerful elders of the God-creation Race.

"Chu Jinfeng, I never thought that you would actually have a key!" When he spoke to Chu Jinfeng, it was as if he was talking to an old friend, and his expression did not express any hostility.

"If I didn’t get the key, I’m afraid I would have been eaten to the bone by now." Chu Jinfeng also laughed out loud. "I say, you have been sealed for so long, yet you have not improved at all! Master was too soft-hearted back then. He should have killed you. "

"Chu Jinfeng, you don’t have any descendants. You naturally don’t understand why your master is so lenient." The patriarch of the God-creation Race laughed: "I have indeed underestimated your ability. This time I lost, and you also killed three of the people I sent out. You should be clear that if we were to fight here, your city would definitely not be able to survive. "

"You should also be clear that if they were to fight, we would only suffer losses on both sides ... I just need a bit more time, and if you guys get injured, your God-creation Race will definitely be swallowed alive by the other Nine Creation Race. " Chu Jinfeng said while beaming: "If it doesn’t work, I can give it a try. At most, I’ll lose a city and I’ll just heal up from my injuries, and you guys won’t even have a chance to recover."

The patriarch of the God-creation Race did not speak anymore because what Chu Jinfeng said was true.

If Chu Jinfeng did not have the key, then these ten elders, just two of them would be able to take down Chu Jinfeng. But now, they were extremely fearful of Chu Jinfeng, as this was the power of the mysterious key.

"Then what do you need to do before you release him?" The face of the patriarch of the God-creation Race turned extremely gloomy.

"I want ten Tao-creation’s divine beads!" Chu Jinfeng said: "If you don’t give it to me, I will kill these two old fellows on the spot for you to see."

The divine pearl of the Tao-creation? Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, he had never heard of this thing before, it must be very precious, you could tell from the ugly expressions of the ten elders.

"I will say it dozens of times!" Chu Jinfeng had already started shouting.

"Alright, we’ll give it to you!" The Patriarch of the God-creation Race clenched his teeth and threw a Storage bag to Chu Jinfeng.

Chu Jinfeng received it, and took out ten very small golden pearls from inside. After that, he nodded with satisfaction and smiled, "Looks like all of you have produced quite a few Tao-creation’s divine pearls over these years!"

Chu Jinfeng also kept his promise and released the two old men.

"I will definitely settle this debt with you." The old man from the God-creation Race said angrily.

"You are always welcome to settle accounts with me." Chu Jinfeng laughed complacently. The bodies of the people from the God-creation Race released a burst of golden light, and then, it gradually disappeared.

Chen Xiang immediately ran down the stairs.

"Alliance Master, what is the Tao-creation’s Divine Bead? "Is it precious?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"Of course it’s precious, only someone from the Nine Creation Race would dare to take it out, and the Tao-creation’s God Orbs are the best, and it requires the people from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank to condense one. It would take a hundred thousand years for the entire Tao-creation Place to condense one." Chu Jinfeng took out one pellet and gave it to Chen Xiang: "This is for you."

A hundred thousand years of Tao-creation Place time, meant that he could not enter the Time array s, and needed a true hundred thousand years of time! and it was something that could only be condensed by the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank s.

"What’s the use?" Chen Xiang asked: Can you eat?

"You can eat it too, but the energy released by the Tao-creation’s God Orb is relatively slower, so you can’t get the energy inside quickly even if you eat it! The main purpose of the Tao-creation’s Divine Bead was to be used as the energy source for the great formation’s barrier. I didn’t manage to find a large scale Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal Mine, so I had to use the Tao-creation’s Divine Bead. The nine of my Tao-creation’s Divine Beads would be able to sustain the operation of the large formation in this city for ten thousand years. "

Chu Jinfeng’s words had scared Chen Xiang a lot of him. The energy contained in the Tao-creation’s Divine Bead was scary to the extreme.

"Alliance Master, I want to sell some Legendary god Dan." Chen Xiang said.

"I’m a bit short on cash right now!" Chu Jinfeng said somewhat embarrassedly: "Wait for a while longer ... "Maybe you can sell it yourself. With me here, no one will dare to touch you."

Chen Xiang handed the task over to Hua Liqing and Feng Lanyi, Feng Lanyi was in charge of spreading the news, while Hua Liqing was in charge of auctioning.

Although the Super Yuan Dan City was not completely constructed, with Chu Jinfeng here, he could provide sufficient security. Selling Legendary god Dan here, would also let many people know that, among the Tao-creation Place, only the Super Yuan Dan City had Legendary god Dan for sale.

Chen Xiang gave the Tao-creation’s Divine Bead to Xiao Xianglin.

"Master, is this thing very useful?" Chen Xiang asked. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"It’s very big!" "The downside is that the release of energy is relatively slow, but this is the best thing about it as an energy source. Once I finish refining the Transmission array Disk, I won’t need a large amount of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, I can just use this Tao-creation’s Divine Pearl."

In order to teleport the people from the World Defying Stage Soul River, the Transmission array Plate would need to consume a lot of energy. It would need a lot of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, but with the Tao-creation’s Divine Bead, there was no need.

After Chen Xiang waited for a few days, Hua Liqing took out over three hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals and gave them to him. These were all obtained by auctioning Legendary god Dan s, and with over thirty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals, they were sold at a price that was much more expensive than when he was in Seven Mountains Divine Island.

"Now, it’s enough for me to refine the Tai Yuan Legend Pill." Chen Xiang had to hurry up and make himself stronger, if not, even if he had the Chuangxie key, without sufficient strength, it would be difficult for him to deal with the Rankers in Nine Creation Race.

The medicinal ingredients of the Legendary Primordial Pill were very special. They were three red fruits that looked like cherries. Although they looked very similar, they were not of the same species.

He Fengyuan told Chen Xiang that these three fruits looked the same, but the fruit trees that bore fruit were completely different, and the characteristics of the three fruits were also different.

"Feng Yuan, do you want to add something inside?" Chen Xiang asked.

"If there are many legendary medicines for me to choose, I can give it a try." He Fengyuan had already carefully looked at these three types of fruits before, and discovered that the combination of these three types of fruits had a huge reaction, and could be considered a very good pill formula.

"I’ll go ask the Alliance Head!" Chen Xiang wanted to refine the best pill.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!