Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Chu Jinfeng was the alliance master of the Super Yuan Dan Alliance, he definitely had some legendary medicine in his possession, Chen Xiang wouldn’t take them all, he just wanted to borrow them and see.

Chu Jinfeng commanded the construction of the Super Yuan Dan Alliance’s Villa within the Super Yuan Dan City.

"Chief, how many legendary medicines do you have?" Chen Xiang finally found Chu Jinfeng, as this Super Yuan Dan City was not small, he was running all over the place.

"Not much, only about ten." Chu Jinfeng said: "You want?"

"Lend it to me!" I’ll return it to you later. " Chen Xiang said: "I’m more curious about the legendary medicine, so I want to learn more about it."

Chu Jinfeng immediately took out the legendary divine medicine in his hands and gave it to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang placed the legendary divine medicine inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, allowing He Fengyuan to check it out.

"Chen Xiang, I just received the notice, a few more Creation Race will be coming over." Chu Jinfeng’s expression became serious.

"What are they doing here? Could it be that they are going to fight against the Super Yuan Dan Alliance together? " Chen Xiang was startled, if it was really like that, then it would be difficult for the Super Yuan Dan City to be successfully completed.

"I’m not sure, but even so, they won’t be able to defeat me that easily." Chu Jinfeng said: "The Chuanghuo key in my hands are very deterring. If they were to come and deal with me, they will definitely suffer a huge loss."

"Then why did they come?" Chen Xiang was more worried, if the Super Yuan Dan City was destroyed, then it would be difficult for him to find a place to sell pills in the future.

"You’ll know when they come! You don’t have to worry. Although these fellows are usually very domineering, they are all bullies. " Chu Jinfeng said: "However, for this period of time, you should leave this place temporarily. Once they come, I will confirm what exactly happened before you return."

Chen Xiang nodded, and then went to look for Hua Liqing.

Hua Liqing was supervising the construction of the shop and the villa, so after Chen Xiang found her, he immediately brought her and left the Super Yuan Dan City.

He Fengyuan quickly found a type of medicinal ingredient that could fuse with the three red fruits within the Time array. Soon after, she immediately grew that kind of medicinal ingredient together with Jiang Sijing and the others.

Chen Xiang was hiding outside Super Yuan Dan City. When he was bored, he suddenly felt that the stone Xia Changdong gave him was glowing. Under normal circumstances, if Xia Changdong got close, the stone would light up.

He immediately took out that rock and controlled it to send out a signal for Xia Changdong to come and find him.

Very quickly, Xia Changdong arrived.

"Master, you are really here!" When Xia Changdong saw Chen Xiang, he was not surprised at all.

"Zhang Dong, why are you here?" Chen Xiang was surprised.

"I was sent here to look into the situation." Xia Changdong said. He knew that Chen Xiang had a good relationship with him from the start, and now that Chu Jinfeng had constructed the Super Yuan Dan City here, it was not strange for Chen Xiang to appear here.

"Oh right, what’s the situation with your Fire-creation Race? You should be aware of what happened to the God-creation Race already. " asked. God-creation Race being threatened by Chu Jinfeng was a huge matter.

Even if God-creation Race didn’t want to say it, he would be secretly spread the news by Chu Jinfeng, because Chu Jinfeng wanted others to know how strong he was.

"I know! Now, Super Yuan Dan City is very powerful. " Xia Changdong even knew that Chu Jinfeng stole their Fire-creation Race’s Chuanghuo key, causing the higher ups in God-creation Race to jump up and down in anger, but they could not do anything about it.

Fire-creation Race was unable to take back the Chuanghuo key from Chu Jinfeng’s hands, even if they killed Chu Jinfeng, they would not be able to take it back, and might even fight with Chu Jinfeng until both of their sides were injured.

"Did the Fire-creation Race send you here to inquire about the enemy’s Super Yuan Dan Alliance?" Chen Xiang laughed, he was very clear about the Fire-creation Race’s current situation.

"No!" The clan wanted me to pay attention to the movements in the Super Yuan Dan City during this period of time and see if there were any other movements, such as the arrival of other Creation Race s. " Xia Changdong said: "The clan has heard of this news, a few Creation Race s will be coming over later."

"Don’t these Creation Race include you?" Chen Xiang had thought that the Fire-creation Race would be one of them. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Xia Changdong shook his head: "We don’t know the purpose of those Creation Race s coming to the Super Yuan Dan City now."

"Then what do you think the purpose of those Creation Race s are?" Chen Xiang suddenly felt that the few Creation Race s did not have any malicious intentions, otherwise, they would definitely come too.

"Peace talk." Xia Changdong said: "I think that’s the only possibility! Furthermore, there is one more Super Yuan Dan City and it’s so powerful, that’s why those few Creation Race s came here to negotiate peace. I hope that when they are fighting with others, the Super Yuan Dan City will not interfere. "

"The goal is to make the Super Yuan Dan City neutral towards the battles in the Tao-creation Place." Chen Xiang said.

"Yes!" At the same time, I feel that there is a possibility that those Creation Race s might be able to give us some benefits. " Xia Changdong said: "Of course, this is just my guess."

Chen Xiang felt that his guess was very reliable, but he did not return to the Super Yuan Dan City yet.

"Changdong, have you investigated the other Creation Race s’ movements recently?" Chen Xiang asked: "The other Creation Race s just now seem to be relatively low-key, especially those who possess Chuangyuan key."

"There seems to be a secret hidden in that mysterious key." Xia Changdong said: "Those Creation Race with the keys, they might be secretly planning something."

Xia Changdong must have heard of something from the Fire-creation Race, it was just that he could not say it out loud, so he said it like that.

Chen Xiang and Xia Changdong chatted with each other for a while, before finally decided to let him investigate the situation.

In the evening, Chen Xiang who was outside the Super Yuan Dan City could sense a few powerful auras pressing down from the skies, he immediately looked up to the sky above Super Yuan Dan City, only to see four elderly men in robes appearing in the sky, soaring through the clouds, looking extremely imposing.

"Is it the patriarch of the Creation Race? As expected, they were all very strong! Their strengths are all above the Alliance Master, but the Alliance Master has Chuanghuo key, so there is no need to be afraid of them. " Chen Xiang was also very nervous, he was worried that a huge battle would break out inside the Super Yuan Dan City.

He patiently waited outside. Four hours later, the patriarchs of the Creation Race s had all left, but there were no conflicts inside the Super Yuan Dan City. Everything seemed to be very calm.

"Is everything alright?" Chen Xiang took out an order badge and looked at it, this was Chu Jinfeng’s signal for him to go back.

Chen Xiang immediately returned to the Super Yuan Dan City, only to see Chu Jinfeng relaxed.

"Chief, what are they doing here?" Chen Xiang asked quickly.

"Even if they came to build a good relationship with me, none of them would dare to make an enemy out of me now." Chu Jinfeng laughed and said: "Also, those fellows from the Thunder-creation Race broke their Chuanglei key’s secret, saying that they can create some kind of great door for the Initial Thunder-creation Realm, and that they would invite me to take a look inside."