Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Previously, Xiao Xianglin had obtained a piece of paper from the Chuangxie key. Inside it was a space-time array, so he now had no doubt that the Thunder-creation Race could create something big. More recent chapter access:.

However, he was still a bit worried.

"Alliance Head, could this be a trap? Maybe these guys are plotting to deal with you." Chen Xiang said.

"I’m not afraid of that, let’s talk first!" They said that the inside of the Initial Thunder-creation Realm might be a very ancient place, it might be the home of the ancestors that was abandoned back then. " Chu Jinfeng laughed: "Don’t be afraid of them, if they were to play around, they would not sign the blood contract with me, so this time is definitely true."

"The blood contract has been signed! "That’s good!" Chen Xiang was also relieved.

"At that time, if the situation permits, I will bring you there," Chu Jinfeng said.

"Mm, we’ll talk about it when the time comes."

The small stone that Xia Changdong gave Chen Xiang suddenly lit up again. It was Xia Changdong who had something to tell him, so he immediately found an excuse to leave the city.

After arriving outside the city, Chen Xiang and Xia Changdong secretly met.

"Changdong, have you found any news?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes." Xia Changdong said, "Thunder-creation Race has already cracked the secret inside the key. The secret inside can guide them to the abandoned house left behind by the Creation Clan."

"How do you know that?" Chen Xiang felt that it was strange, Xia Changdong was just wandering around outside and yet he knew about these things.

"There are also spies from the Thunder-creation Race outside. I heard it from them." Xia Changdong said.

"One thing is true!" Chen Xiang nodded his head, then asked: "Do you know anything about that abandoned place?"

"I only know that the First Tao-creation Ancestor back then, was a clan of Creator. Their self-blame was to create Myriad Tao Era World everywhere, at various times ... They are a race, and we are the descendants of that race.

"Advertisement" Xia Changdong said: "The ancestor and the others left earlier, because their mission was already completed."

"The reason they couldn’t bear to leave and engage in all kinds of battles was mainly because this Myriad Tao era that they created was the most perfect and best one. All of them wanted to lead it, while their boss’s Tao-creation Divine Lord wouldn’t allow it, and only fought in the end."

Chen Xiang was very clear about what they were only fighting for, but he never thought that it would be because of this reason.

"There’s a lot of good stuff in the abandoned house." Chen Xiang said: "After all, he used to live in the past with such a group of mysterious and powerful fellows."

"Yes!" Therefore, there would definitely be a lot of people going there when the time comes! I will go investigate more. If there is anything that I can discover, I will come back here to find Master. " Xia Changdong said.

Chen Xiang also wanted to go to the Initial Thunder-creation Realm but he was worried that it would be more dangerous there.

"Let’s forget about it for now. We’ll talk about it when the time comes. My top priority right now is to refine the Tai Yuan Legend Pill." Chen Xiang thought, and hurriedly returned to the Super Yuan Dan City, returning the ingredients back to Chu Jinfeng.

"Chen Xiang, you’re going to start refining the Tai Yuan Myth Pill?" Chu Jinfeng asked.

"Yes, when I refine it, the effects of using my own World Defying Dan grain would be very different." Chen Xiang laughed: "Alliance Master, when the time comes, you will not be ridiculed."

"Why would I laugh at you? You’re so powerful when refining Legendary god Dan, I already want to acknowledge you as my master. " Chu Jinfeng laughed: "Go ahead and concoct pills, I’m really looking forward to it."

Chen Xiang went into the secret room, entered the Time array, and started refining the pills.

"Right now, I can release two clones, and at the same time, I can even use the Pressure mantra. I should be able to solve many problems by myself."

Chen Xiang could refine pills now without relying on anyone else.

"I just started refining, so I don’t need the Twin dan grain for now." As usual, Chen Xiang placed the ingredients into the furnace.

The ingredients were hard to burn, and this was how the pill formula described it.

But Chen Xiang was not afraid, because he had the Pressure mantra.

"Bring out the two clones. It won’t be a waste of your energy anyway, there’s no need to use them." Chen Xiang released two clones and then released the legendary dragon fire together with the clone. At the same time, he also released the Pressure mantra. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

He wanted to be like Little White Fox, fusing the two ingredients together, and then pressing them into the ingredients to quickly burn the ingredients. Little White Fox had also helped him burn the ingredients before.

"So fast!" After Chen Xiang gave it his best try, he had quickly smelted the medicinal ingredients. It had only been a month, and this had exceeded his expectations.

"Seems like it went smoothly. What’s next is the derivation technique!"

Using the Fusion spell, Chen Xiang allowed the balls of ’medicine’ crystals to fuse together, and then used the derivation method, producing nine balls of ’medicine’ crystals that were half the size of each other, and then fiercely clashed against the largest ’medicine’ crystals.

Because Chen Xiang had grasped Pressure mantra, and also had the help of two clones, he dared to go against them with extreme boldness.

Boom! The sound of the collision caused Chen Xiang to feel very excited.

Although the impact created a lot of noise, the pill furnace remained relatively stable and only trembled slightly. This allowed Chen Xiang to experience the power of Doppelgänger mantra s and Pressure mantra s, and allowed him to have a great use in pill refining.

"The collision went very smoothly." Then, together with his doppelgänger, he released a strong pressure. The large amount of shattered crystals that rammed into the furnace gathered together, and at the same time, released a strong legendary dragon fire, causing the countless crystals of various sizes to soften and fuse together.

The countless large and small crystals within the pill furnace were like a vast sea of consciousness but they were all suppressed by the pressure walls Chen Xiang released from all directions, turning them into a blazing sun that radiated red light.

"Second Derived Collision!" Before this, Chen Xiang had only used the first stage, because he did not have enough strength to restrain the intense energy that was erupting, so he did not dare to try the second stage.

Now he dared!

Even after he had collided with the second layer, Chen Xiang still didn’t feel too pressured. He was still able to complete the third layer, and after grasping the Pressure mantra and the Doppelgänger mantra, his improvement was extremely huge.

After the third round of attacks ended, Chen Xiang felt a lot of pressure, but he still continued with the fourth round of attacks.

After completing the fourth stage, his forehead was drenched in sweat.

"This is my limit." Chen Xiang finally stopped and stopped his attacks. He started to use the power of the Pressure mantra to condense that scorching sun-like medicinal crystal.

The process of condensation was very slow, because the quality of the crystal was very scary. It was equivalent to pressing a trillion stones into a small ball, and now it had to continue compressing the ball into a small pill.

"This is probably the time that’s needed the most." Chen Xiang closed his eyes and patiently released the pressure to compress it. This would be a long process.