Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Chen Xiang was concocting pills inside the Time array, and in the blink of an eye, 50 years had passed. Read the full text of the latest chapter - 79-

After condensing the pellet, he had even succeeded in inscribing the Huajing Dan grain, causing the pellet to become even more frightening.

After Chen Xiang finished refining the pill, she immediately ate it.

This pill did not disappoint him. He had only just eaten it when he felt the effects of this pill.

Because there was a lot of energy contained within, he needed a very long time to refine it. Just like the Legendary god Dan from before, refining it would require a thousand years.

Right now, Chen Xiang had used three thousand years to refine this pellet. He could feel that her cultivation had increased by a large amount, if he ate a few more, she would be able to step into the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

More than thirty days had passed since he came out of the Time array.

The speed at which the Super Yuan Dan City was being built was originally very fast, but now that it had been completely completed, it became extremely lively.

The moment Chen Xiang came out, she immediately understood from Hua Li, that it was because the Super Yuan Dan City and the other four Creation Race s had a good relationship with each other that the four Creation Race s were connected to each other, and that was why there were so many people attracted to him all of a sudden.

"That’s good!" Chen Xiang was currently in his villa, so ’Flower’ Li Qing also had pills for sale. They were all Peak dan s that Su Meiyao had refined.

The Peak dan could be sold for three hundred Tao-creation Divine Crystals, and Su Meiyao could refine a hundred of them every day. So in this month, she had sold a total of three thousand, and earned eight hundred thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

Peak dan s were only for sale for the time being, and many people had already stepped into the Peak of World Defying magic realm, so the demand for this type of pill was small. However, Chen Xiang felt that she would be able to make a profit from this kind of pill for a short period of time. There are almost all of them. They are much more stable than the average station and can be updated much faster. There are no advertisements in the entire text.]

Xiao Xianglin had already refined quite a few Pressure mantra Soul Stones, and he gave one to Su Meiyao because she wanted to help her with the pill refining. Then, she refined the Doppelgänger mantra Soul Stone for Su Meiyao.

At this time, Chen Xiang was also indulging in her fantasies, letting Xiao Xianglin refine the World Defying Dan grain into a Paternoster soul stone to test her control.

If it was possible, the other Alchemist would not have to spend so much time on this.

"Master, how is the refinement for that Transmission array Plate progressing?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’ve already finished refining it!" "Now, we just have to wait for them to finish. If they can’t, we can’t communicate with each other." Xiao Xianglin used five hundred thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals to refine a Doppelgänger mantra Soul Stone for Su Meiyao.

After Su Meiyao ate it, she would immediately have two clones.

"Hehe, I can refine Legendary god Dan too in the future." Su Meiyao was able to refine it previously, she only needed Little White Fox’s help, but now that she could complete it herself, the pressure on Chen Xiang also lessened.

Xiao Xianglin was currently refining the World Defying Dan grain spirit stone while Chen Xiang was at the side refining the World Defying Dan grain and going in. He had to try the Twin dan grain first because Su Meiyao did not know how to refine the World Defying Dan grain now.

"The amount of Tao-creation Holy Crystals used is pretty high. It requires a hundred thousand." Xiao Xianglin said.

"It’s worth it!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Actually, this is not much. Once we control the World Defying Dan grain, then the speed of refining pills, tsk tsk!"

Xiao Xianglin nodded, and with her and Chen Xiang’s cooperation, they quickly completed a Twin dan grain Soul Stone.

"sister Meiyao, if you really succeed, you won’t need to study the World Defying Dan grain that gives you a headache anymore in the future." Chen Xiang handed the soul stone over to Su Meiyao, and laughed.

"It will definitely succeed." Su Meiyao laughed, he took it and ate it, and a moment later, she revealed a charming smile.

"It’s a success!"

Previously, Xiao Xianglin had refined a lot of things, and used up a lot of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals. The amount of money she earned previously was still only a little, but these things were used for profit, for their pills, they would need to use up a lot of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, and it wouldn’t be possible if they didn’t have a large amount of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

Xiao Xianglin and Little White Fox were both very busy, because they were responsible for setting up the great formation and enchantment around Boss Shen Zhui. Although Qin Shuang and Peng Xuan were not very smart, they could still help a little.

Inside the Time array, Chen Xiang had refined another two Tai Yuan Legend Pills, and this time she used the Twin dan grain.

"It’s finally stable now. Awakening the Huajing Dan grain will require fifty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals." Chen Xiang said: "I don’t know if it’s worth it."

"This pill should be called Tai Yuan Legend Pill." Chen Xiang said, because the pill formula itself was given by Chu Jinfeng, he did not need to change his name.

"To refine two pills with fifty thousand gold coins is still worth it!" The early stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank is considered very strong here, and is also the group with the most people in the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. Su Meiyao said: "At that time, the price will be one hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals, and refining it inside the Time array, by using the Twin dan grain, we will be able to refine four pellets in a hundred years, and that would be four hundred thousand. After deducting the cost of refining, we can also earn another three hundred thousand."

Chen Xiang consumed these two Tai Yuan Legend Pills and entered a long process of refinement. This instantly took two months of time, because Su Meiyao had grasped the Doppelgänger mantra and Twin dan grain, so with her refining, he did not need to worry about the store not selling any pills, she could rest assured and go into closed door cultivation for a long period of time.

"I’ll be able to breakthrough after eating three pills, while the others can only eat two." Chen Xiang secretly operated the Legendary gas, and the released Legendary gas congealed into a crystal shape.

A Legendary gas condensing a crystal was something that could only be done by a middle stage Legendary gas.

After Chen Xiang came out of his meditation, she thought that she could fix the array formation on Xue Xianxian’s side, but there was nothing to be done. Chen Xiang could only continue to wait, if she could link it with the Hundred Blossom Village, then she would have the female alchemists inside all control the World Defying Dan grain ...

When he thought about it, Chen Xiang felt excited. At that time, he would be able to hide a powerful force behind him, and once someone attacked him, he would be able to counterattack with lightning speed.

"The Peak dan have already reduced their price." Hua Li Qing replied: "Otherwise, it will be hard to sell. We will only get fifty Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, and we will still be able to earn two hundred more."

In the past two months, just with Su Meiyao refining the pellet, she earned over a million Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

There were indeed a lot of Holy Crystals in Tao-creation Place, Chen Xiang felt that he would be able to earn even more in the future.

"After you sell the Peak dan in your hands, close the door for a period of time." Chen Xiang laughed: "At that time, when there are people who need Peak dan s, they will have more Tao-creation Holy Crystals before selling them."

However, they could not do anything about it, and even they were purchasing Peak dan s, so they could only regret in their hearts about why they did not go all out to capture Chen Xiang at that time. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"sister Meiyao, you continue to refine Legendary god Dan s. Have Sister Li Qing auction one from time to time, keep the price high!" Chen Xiang said: "I want to refine a Legendary Primordial Pill so that you all can enter the middle stages of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank first. I want to make some preparations to enter the Initial Thunder-creation Realm."