Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The amount of time it would take for Chen Xiang to refine a Legend Pellet of Primal Chaos, as the Time Formation could help him shorten it quite a bit, but the main reason was that the time it would take to refine a pellet was very long, and it would need around three thousand years to refine one pellet.

After a while, Chen Xiang had already refined enough Tai Yuan Legend Pills, and he had also spent most of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals. Fortunately, Hua Liqing had sold another batch of pills, so he had been able to earn a lot. He fed them to Bai Youyou and the others one after another.

"Master, is there any reaction from the Transmission array?" Chen Xiang asked again, he had already asked him a few times.

Xue Xianxian and the others were all proficient in smithing and setting up arrays, and they also had Time Formation s and such. It would not take them that long, so he felt that there must be a problem with it.

"No!" It’s been a long time. " Xiao Xianglin was also puzzled. "Let’s wait a little longer, there’s nothing we can do right now."

Chen Xiang could only continue to wait.

Chu Jinfeng was currently managing the Super Yuan Mountain Villa, and there was a large group of Alchemist s gathered here. There were all sorts of rich and varied pills, and although they weren’t as powerful as the ones Chen Xiang had refined, they were still not bad, and were something that most people could afford.

"Alliance Master, what’s the situation in Initial Thunder-creation Realm?" Chen Xiang asked. There lived a group of people who were related to the Tao-creation Divine Lord in the past. They were extremely mysterious.

"They say it will take some time, until they open a door." Chu Jinfeng laughed: "I can’t rush such things! Hehe, I also found this from the Chuanghuo key!

Chu Jinfeng took out a piece of paper and gave it to Chen Xiang.

There was a Array above, which was different from the one he had inside the Chuangxie key. Right now, he was sure that there was such a thing in the key.

"I’m guessing that Thunder-creation Race found it from inside." Chu Jinfeng laughed: "When I have time, I will refine an array disc based on this. At that time, I might even be able to open a door."

"Alliance Master, maybe the nine keys will merge together to create an array disc. After that, the door will open and lead to other places." Chen Xiang said.

"I would like to give it a try, but unfortunately, I will never get that chance because I am unable to gather all nine keys." Chu Jinfeng sighed, two of them were in Tao-creation Divine Lord’s hands, and it was very likely that Tao-creation Divine Lord would never return.

As for the other keys, it would be difficult to obtain them.

"Alliance master, I’ll go to Fighting Glorious City to take a look, and then return after a while." Chen Xiang hadn’t went to Fighting Glorious City for a while.

Because the relationship between the Fighting Glorious City’s City Lord and Chen Xiang was not bad, there was also a Transmission array between the Fighting Glorious City and the Super Yuan Dan City.

When they were at the top of Seven Mountains Divine Island, there were many people who liked to soak in the Fighting Glorious City, mainly for the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum. Now, most of these people had returned, and the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum had become very lively as well.

When Chen Xiang came to the City Lord’s Mansion, he saw that Yang Genming was there and did not go to the arena.

"City Lord, what’s wrong?" Chen Xiang asked: "Did something happen?"

"I told Old Yan to investigate the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal Mine, but... But he has a problem. " Yang Genming said: "I really need to go and take care of it, I won’t be able to call you out during this time."

"What is it? Let me go! " Chen Xiang said. Yan Jiu and him could be considered good friends, they had saved each other’s lives before.

"Alright then!"

After that, Yang Genming explained everything to Chen Xiang in detail.

Yan Jiu had gone out to look for the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal mine, and he had even looked into it, but suddenly there was no news, and before Yan Jiu lost contact with him, he had already told him the location of the holy crystal mine.

"Looks like Old Yan’s situation isn’t looking good right now, or else he would have definitely sent a message back." Chen Xiang also felt that the matter was extremely serious, "I will rush over to take a look now."

Chen Xiang had already stepped into the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and had two clones. As long as they weren’t people at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he would be able to deal with them.

"Alright, you have to be careful. Maybe there will be an ambush." Yang Genming warned.

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and immediately headed towards the location of the mine that Yan Jiu had discovered.

Yan Jiu was quite familiar with the Tao-creation Place, he had traveled there before, so he was responsible for the investigation. This was because there were many Holy Crystal mines in the Tao-creation Place, if he could find one, the Fighting Glorious City would also have some other income.

"This place is quite far from here." Chen Xiang continuously used spatial teleportation, and after half a day, he finally arrived at a mountain forest filled with blue mist. He entered this huge mountain shrouded in strange blue mist, and released two clones and three illusory bodies.

His doppelganger could also unleash illusions, which would allow him to search even further.

"This blue fog is everywhere inside. I can’t see far away, I can only sense it through the illusions." Chen Xiang only knew the shape of the mountain and he needed to see it to know the location of the vein.

Two or three days later, he finally found a mountain that looked like a giant wolf lying on the ground.

"Just how did Old Yan find the place in the middle?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious and immediately headed over.

He did not retrieve the clones and illusions, but rather allowed them to roam the vicinity, looking around to see if he could find anyone else.

When Chen Xiang got closer, he took out the Communication jade Symbol paper. This was the Communication jade Symbol paper that Yan Jiu had given him.

"Old Yan, Old Yan, I am Chen Xiang!" Chen Xiang used the Communication jade Symbol paper to send a message to Yan Jiu, but there was no response. This could be due to Yan Jiu being unconscious. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Chen Xiang was able to sense where Yan Jiu was from the direction of the Communication jade Symbol paper, which meant that Yan Jiu was not sealed.

After a while, Chen Xiang arrived at a mountain. Using subtle senses, he arrived at a place close to the mountain peak.

There were more than ten people inside the cave, one of them was in the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, the other three were in the early stages of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and the rest were all Peak of World Defying magic realm.

"Yan Jiu, the man whom our Fire Mountain School had wanted to kill for a long time, has now joined the Fighting Glorious City. I never thought that he would be able to enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank." The leading old man sneered: "But in the end, he still ended up in our hands. He still has some ability, to be able to discover a Tao-creation’s sacred crystal mine."

"Captain!" He’s only unconscious right now. If he wakes up, would it be possible for him to expel the poison himself? " one of them asked.

"It can be, but it will take time. In short, he is now at our mercy." The old man laughed heartily: "We are really lucky, right after we found the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal mine, we met this guy, and then followed behind him, finding another, much bigger than the one we had."

Chen Xiang never thought that in this bizarre blue fog, he would actually see two Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal lode. He secretly laughed in his heart, this meant that his luck was not bad.