Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not need Little White Fox to sell it, he just needed her to watch over him from the outside. If there were any fish that escaped from the net, he would ’hand’ it over to her. Read the full text of the latest chapter - 79-

"Senior brother, these fellows are all members of Flame Mountain Sect!" When Little White Fox was in Tao-creation Ancient Place, there were many people who avoided the doors of Flame Mountain City, so she was very familiar with the auras of this group of people.

"Yes, let’s see how senior will deal with them!" Chen Xiang laughed and then quietly entered with his two clones.

After entering, the group of people continued their conversation with great pride. They thought that they had accomplished a great deed and were just thinking about what rewards they would receive.

As they were talking and laughing, they suddenly felt a few waves of pressure coming from all directions. The most frightening thing was that this wave of pressure carried a scorching aura.

Chen Xiang was already very familiar with the skill of Chen Xiang being able to easily fuse the flames and the pressure together.

"Yan Jiu is gone." Someone suddenly shouted in shock, they did not know when, but they had been lying in the corner the whole time, and Yan Jiu had disappeared.

Chen Xiang had used the power of space to quietly move it away, so no one noticed.

"Who is it!" Until now, the old man leading the group was still very confident, because he felt that since he was at the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, it was difficult for him to be a match for someone in there.

"My name is Chen Xiang, and I’m just a nobody." Chen Xiang withdrew his Invisibility Spell and revealed himself.

If it was anyone else who did not know about Chen Xiang, that would not be strange, but Yan Shan and the others all knew very well who Chen Xiang was. Back then, when Chen Xiang was in the Seven Mountains Divine Island, he had killed many strong late stage World Defying Stage Legendary Rank s from the four forces.

"Don’t worry everyone, just be careful not to attack his mirror! The reason why he was so terrifying was because the mirror could reflect back so much power! His cultivation is usually only at the early stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, but I am at the middle stage, so he is not our match. "It’s even faster, the website pages are fresh and the advertisements are few. He likes this type of website the most, I must give him good reviews!" The old man didn’t know where he got his confidence from, but he said proudly, "The one who dies in the end will definitely be him."

After he said this, everyone else let out a sigh of relief. This was because the old man’s words were filled with confidence.

"So powerful, you scared me to death." Chen Xiang laughed and then increased the pressure, allowing the pressure to quickly pass. The Peak of World Defying magic realm s closest to the pressure just touched the scorching pressure and instantly turned into mist, scaring the others so much that their faces turned pale, and their faces filled with fear.

"You ... What are you doing? Our Flame Mountain Sect was founded by the First Tao-creation Ancestor. It would be treason for you to kill the members of our Flame Mountain Sect. " The old man secretly used his strength, but he had no way to break through the pressure walls that came from all directions.

"The Seven Great Sects? I’ve killed a lot of your people and have already committed great treason, but I am still alive and well! " Chen Xiang laughed, "On the other hand, you guys are always so lucky to meet me."

Chen Xiang had already walked over, his fist condensed a strong pressure, bringing along the legendary dragon fire, it fiercely smashed into the chest of the old man. The old man was originally pressured by the pressure from all sides to the point where he was unable to move, but now, with Chen Xiang’s fist, he immediately spat out a large mouthful of blood.

"Tell me honestly, where is the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystal mine that you discovered?" Chen Xiang said in a gentle tone, "Otherwise, I would just kill you with my fists like this."

Before the old man could reply, the other Peak of World Defying magic realm that was afraid of death immediately informed Chen Xiang in detail.

"Chen Xiang, don’t you hope to take over the two Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal lode. We have already sent a message back, the Yan Mountain Sect already knows about this, they are sending people here to mine." The old man sneered. Although he was injured, he still said in a loud voice, "You’d better let me go. At that time, I might be able to say a few good words for you."

Chen Xiang ruthlessly slapped him, "Old fellow, I have never been afraid of the Yan Mountain Sect! Oh right, you must know where the Paternoster Race is! Paternoster Race and I still have an old debt that we haven’t settled yet. "

When they were in the Seven Mountains Divine Island, the Paternoster Race had come to find trouble with him time and time again, even forcing him to hand over the Legendary god Dan s’ pill formulas, and even wanted to seize Little White Fox’s Pressure mantra.

The old man had a stubborn mouth, but the others were all afraid of death, so they immediately told Chen Xiang where Paternoster Race was, making the old man so angry that he was about to die.

"Alright, you can all go die now." Chen Xiang released his pressure flame to its strongest and instantly turned the group of people into ashes.

Yan Jiu had already woken up.

"I really didn’t expect that I would be poisoned by this group of fellows." Yan Jiu berated himself for being too careless. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"They also found another Tao-creation’s sacred crystal mine here." Chen Xiang said, "Furthermore, the Yan Mountain Sect will be coming to mine soon."

"This is not a good thing. Our Fighting Glorious City is simply unable to contend against their Flame Mountain Sect." Yan Jiu sighed helplessly.

"I have a plan!" How about this, you guys go find the Super Yuan Dan City and work together with them to mine the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal mine, what about that? "

"Alright, we will also give you a share when the time comes. The other mine belongs to you." Yan Jiu immediately nodded his head: "We need to hurry back. We need to quickly take care of this matter."

Chen Xiang teleported outside the Fighting Glorious City with Yan Jiu so that Yan Jiu could look for Yang Genming, who was representing the Fighting Glorious City, and talk to Chu Jinfeng.

Chen Xiang had other things to do, if not he would definitely talk about it.

Earlier, Xiao Xianglin had told him that there was a reaction from the array disc, but the reaction was very strange, and told him to find some time to take a look.

After Chen Xiang arrived at a secret and safe place, he took out the Transmission array Plate. This plate could lead to the Hundred Blossom Village, and was able to teleport Xue Xianxian and the others there.

Xiao Xianglin came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa and said, "It’s exactly this kind of reaction, which kept emitting and trembling."

Chen Xiang looked at the array in his hand that was shaking non-stop, and felt that it was very strange. He placed it on the ground, and said: "Master, let your Transmission array plate become a little bigger."

After Xiao Xianglin enlarged the Transmission array Plate, it was the same.

"Could it be that there isn’t enough energy?" Chen Xiang didn’t know why, "Maybe the Transmission array Plate wasn’t good enough?"

"The energy source is the Tao-creation’s divine pearl, there definitely won’t be a problem! If there was an error in the refinement of the Transmission array Plate, it would be impossible to ’stimulate’ the entire Transmission array Plate. But right now, I have already succeeded in doing so. " Xiao Xianglin said as he furrowed his brows, "Normally, this kind of situation occurs because the two Transmission array Disks have been obstructed greatly and are unable to communicate with each other completely. They can only resonate with each other."

"Is there a way to increase energy and break through the obstacles? Master, you should have considered this when you were refining the formation plate. " Chen Xiang said: "Previously, they were able to contact me through the Six Realms mirrors, and it was clear that they relied on my Six Realms mirrors’s energy to break through the obstruction."

"This requires me to activate the power inside the Tao-creation’s Divine Bead, but it will cause the consumption to be quite large, so it might be useless to me in the future." Xiao Xianglin said.

"Un, I don’t care about this anymore. I want to be able to contact them!" Chen Xiang made a decision.