Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Xiao Xianglin did not delay the matter and immediately went to do it. Even faster, the pages of the website were refreshing, and there were few advertisements. He liked this type of website the most, so he must give it a good review.]

Not long later, Xiao Xianglin released the powerful energy from the Tao-creation’s God Orb and poured it into the Transmission array plate.

At the same time, it allowed Chen Xiang to feel a strong wave of Time and space power being released. This Transmission array Plate was originally made using a lot of Tao-creation Divine Crystals, it could pierce through many worlds and connect with the Transmission array, making it extremely strong.

Now that he had absorbed so much energy, the Transmission array’s penetrating power was even stronger.

The space above the Transmission array disk quickly fluctuated. This was a sign that a spatial tunnel was about to be opened, but after continuing for a period of time, it was always like this, unable to completely open a spatial tunnel.

"Chen Xiang, are you over there?" Suddenly, Liu Meng’er’s voice came out.

"Elder Sister Meng’er, it’s me!" Chen Xiang anxiously shouted: "What happened? Why is it so bad! "

"Chen Xiang, something big happened over here." Xue Xianxian’s voice sounded. "Right now, we are also not clear about what is happening, all I know is that the World Defying Stage Soul River has already been devoured and assimilated into another world, and is not a world with the same system as you."

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang was confused as he looked at Xiao Xianglin.

"Could it be that the place you are at has been swallowed up by another world?" The Tao-creation Incantation is different from the incantations you all are familiar with in this world? " Xiao Xianglin asked anxiously.

"That’s about it! This happened more than a month ago, when we were still unable to finish refining this formation plate. Dongfang Xinyue sighed lightly: "I don’t know what happened either, but all of a sudden I felt a strong wave of Time and space power enveloping us, and we sensed that we were enveloped by another space."

"The reason why I’m still unable to open the space channel is because the laws of these two spaces are different!" Xiao Xianglin said: "Unless I know of the Space mantra in your space, just a few more improvements and I’ll be successful."

"We need to ’figure out’ what is going on. You can contact us after a while." Liu Meng’er said, and then they stopped.

Xiao Xianglin took out a white pearl from the Transmission array Plate, and with a light pinch, it turned into dust.

"It broke?" Chen Xiang said in shock, he knew that the Tao-creation’s Divine Bead would be damaged, but the damage was too severe.

"Just now, I exhausted the energy of the Tao-creation’s divine pearl." Xiao Xianglin sighed: "This is troublesome, the world they live in, has actually been swallowed!"

Chen Xiang also didn’t understand, and said: "I have to quickly ’get’ another Tao-creation Divine Bead, or else I won’t be able to contact them! You can’t ask the Alliance Master for it, all of his Tao-creation’s divine beads will definitely be used to arrange a formation to protect the Super Yuan Dan Alliance. "

After Chen Xiang thought about it carefully, he went to look for Chu Jinfeng.

Chu Jinfeng had already agreed with Yang Genming that they would mine the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal mine in the Blue Mist Forest together. Chu Jinfeng wasn’t afraid of the Flame Mountain Sect at all.

"Chief, I have something to ask you!" After Chen Xiang saw Chu Jinfeng, he directly asked: "The Tao-creation Place we are in ought to be the strongest place above Myriad Tao! You should know that above Myriad Tao, there is a place called World Defying Stage Soul River! Now, the first floor of World Defying Stage Soul River has been devoured. "

Chu Jinfeng was the disciple of the Tao-creation Divine Lord, so he might understand this phenomenon.

After Chu Jinfeng heard this, he immediately took a deep breath. "How did you know about this?"

Chen Xiang told Chu Jinfeng about the process of him communicating with Xue Xianxian and the others.

"If this is true, it means that... which means that the people above Myriad Tao are slowly merging into other spaces. " Chu Jinfeng said: "Back then, Master said that the era of Myriad Tao that they created could be considered to be pretty good. They need to maintain it for a while!"

"But now, they have left. Could it be that they already knew that the era of the Myriad Tao they created would be devoured?" Chen Xiang quickly said: "Is this a good thing for us?"

"This is not a good thing!" Chu Jinfeng said, "In the Myriad Tao Era World, the energy released by our Tao-creation Place will flow to other worlds, large and small, to allow the other worlds to nurture all life, and for all life to release energy, this energy will flow back to the Tao-creation Place.

"And now, all of the energy released by the Tao-creation Place to different realms has been completely devoured. Without any refluence, the Tao-creation Place will be faced with destruction."

When Chen Xiang heard this, he also felt that this was not a good thing.

"Then maybe the Tao-creation Place would also be swallowed." Chen Xiang said: "When the time comes, we can continue the cycle!"

"No, Tao-creation Place and the rest of the world are separate! At that time, Tao-creation Place will definitely be isolated, and at that time, he will be in danger. " Chu Jinfeng walked back and forth a few steps. "Master must have known about this, so he gave up here? What was going on? Could it be that other realms are devouring the Myriad Tao’s era? "

"Why don’t we go to another world now?" Chen Xiang said: "If that happens, I will also be swallowed, and then nothing will happen."

"If it doesn’t work, the path back will definitely be sealed!" Chu Jinfeng looked up at the sky: "I understand now ... This was extermination! this is trying to destroy the Tao-creation Place. "

Chen Xiang thought about the matter of the Tao-creation Ancient Place earlier. The reason he had "created" the Eight ancestor contract map Seal was so that he could preserve the genius of the Tao-creation Place and store their energy. Afterwards, he would destroy the entire Tao-creation Place and the various realms and start over from scratch. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Now that the energy of the Seven Mountains Divine Island had been released to all realms and all realms had been engulfed, on the Tao-creation Place, although there were Nine Creation Race and the Seven Great Sects, everyone was the same. They were trapped on top of the Tao-creation Place and even though there were a lot of Tao-creation’s sacred crystals that could be dug out, in the end everyone would have no way of retreating and followed the Tao-creation Place to its destruction.

"Could this be for the sake of destroying the seven major sects and the Nine Creation Race s in one go? There must be something that can make them completely give up on the Tao-creation Place, even me ... " Chu Jinfeng was very helpless because his master did not tell him about this matter.

"Was the main reason why the Tao-creation Divine Lord and the rest wanted to eliminate the influence of the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes!" At that time, the evil power of Tao-creation Evil Ancestor could not be suppressed ... However, in the end, the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor was successfully suppressed. It was just that the other seven ancestor were infected with the Evil Spirit Qi of the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor and were in a half evil state. Furthermore, the Killing evil dragon had also broken the seal. " Chu Jinfeng said: "The Killing evil dragon might still be in the Tao-creation Place, their target is the Killing evil dragon!"

was very clear that the Killing evil dragon had already been eaten by the Red fire dragon, so he felt that there must be another reason.

"It seems that our final resort will be the Chuangyuan key." Chu Jinfeng took out the Chuanghuo key. "The Initial Thunder-creation Realm from before is an independent world. It might be able to help us avoid the calamity brought about by the destruction of the Tao-creation Place."