Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The great doors of the Initial Thunder-creation Realm had not yet been opened, and they had not yet entered inside. No one knew what was going on inside.

"Chief, do you think the seven major sects and Nine Creation Race s know about this?" Chen Xiang felt that the destruction was drawing closer and closer. There must have been some kind of sign before this.

"I don’t know about them." Chu Jinfeng frowned: "I will go and ask those few Creation Race s who are talking about peace with me, they might know something, if not, I will tell them, and see what they have in mind."

Chu Jinfeng took this matter very seriously, he immediately left Super Yuan Dan City and went to the cities of the Creation Race to look for their Patriarch.

Chen Xiang had originally planned to give this villa to Xue Xianxian and the others, but now that he had encountered this kind of thing, he realized that there was no one present at this place.

It was swallowed up by an entire world.

"Don’t worry, we can contact them now, so we’ll definitely have a way to meet them." Xiao Xianglin said, as he comforted Chen Xiang.

"Okay, now I have to wait for news from the chief." Chen Xiang was currently sitting atop a very tall building in the Villa, looking at the entire Villa.

Chu Jinfeng only went for two hours before returning. After returning, he directly rushed over to Chen Xiang’s side, extremely full.

"Chen Xiang!" Chu Jinfeng immediately flew to the top of the tower, landing beside Chen Xiang, his expression was stern.

"Chief, what’s wrong?" Seeing Chu Jinfeng’s expression, Chen Xiang knew that nothing good would happen.

"There’s something you must tell me honestly." Chu Jinfeng pressed both hands on Chen Xiang’s shoulders, his expression becoming heavy.

"I will answer truthfully." Chen Xiang realized that this was a serious matter, if not Chu Jinfeng would not have such an expression.

"Have you heard of the Dragon Controlling Palace s, Dragon-Elephant School s, Mortal Life Sect, Tao-creation School s and other sects?" Chu Jinfeng asked.

Of course Chen Xiang had heard of it, he had once entered the Dragon-Elephant School, and Xiao Xianglin was even a disciple of the Dragon-Elephant School.

As for the Dragon Controlling Palace, when he was at the fifth floor, he had a conflict with the people of the Dragon Controlling Palace.

These few sects and Dragon Controlling Palace s were all in Tao-creation Place. After Chen Xiang went to Tao-creation Mountain, he never went back there, nor did he receive any news from there. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Now that there was such a huge change in the Tao-creation Place, all of the sects like the Dragon-Elephant School had gathered here.

Chen Xiang could tell from Chu Jinfeng’s serious expression that he knew he would always be a Killing evil dragon! He had previously exposed his own Killing evil dragon, and thus was targeted by the Dragon Controlling Palace and other sects.

"I’ve heard of it." Chen Xiang nodded.

"Then is the fact that you possess a Killing evil dragon true as well?" Chu Jinfeng took a deep breath and asked.

"No!" Chen Xiang shook his head: "I originally did have a Killing evil dragon, but the Killing evil dragon had already been suppressed by me. It is now a very strong dragon, and it has nothing to do with Killing evil dragon at all."

"Alliance Master, do you remember the last time I saved you, those few old fellows from God-creation Race were attracted away by a dragon? I let that dragon out. "

In order to convince Chu Jinfeng, Chen Xiang had no choice but to release the Red fire dragon.

"A divine beast from the apocalyptic era!" Chu Jinfeng looked at the beautiful little Red fire dragon and exclaimed: "This dragon is indeed comparable to a Killing evil dragon!"

"If I had a Killing evil dragon, I would have been devoured by it long ago! I have clashed with Dragon-Elephant School and other forces, they had previously wanted to force my Killing evil dragon out. When I get very angry, I might lose control, and the Killing evil dragon will appear. " Chen Xiang said: "They almost succeeded last time, luckily I was able to stabilize them at the last moment."

Chu Jinfeng patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders and said: "I believe you! It’s just that those fellows might not believe that those Creation Race s told me of this! Now, everyone knows just how terrifying Killing evil dragon are. This matter will spread throughout the entire Tao-creation Place before long. "

"I know!" Chen Xiang knew that he could not hide this matter, and would reveal it sooner or later, so he replied calmly, "I will leave the Super Yuan Dan City, and wait for the great entrance to the Initial Thunder-creation Realm to open."

If he continued to stay here, it would definitely cause a huge commotion. At this stage of the game, he did not want any sort of chaos. The most important thing was to find a way to escape from this calamity.

"That’s fine too! Anyway, you have already earned a lot of Tao-creation Divine Crystals in this period of time, which is enough for you to use for a while. " Chu Jinfeng also felt that this matter was very troublesome to deal with.

Killing evil dragon s were a nightmare to the seven major sects and the Nine Creation Race.

"Alliance Master, why would the Killing evil dragon appear on me?" Chen Xiang had never been able to understand why.

"There are many complex reasons for this. It will require many coincidences to form, but for you to be able to make the Killing evil dragon transform right now is a good thing. " Chu Jinfeng smiled slightly: "That reverse little dragon of yours will grow up and will be able to possess the same terrifying power as the Killing evil dragon, but it won’t be as evil and ferocious as the Killing evil dragon."

"Maybe this is just two sides of the coin! You should have always been cultivating that Divine Dragon before, and that Divine Dragon itself is of the same type as the Killing evil dragon, but one positive and one evil, becoming Killing evil dragon. It’s all because you have no way of controlling the evil thoughts in your heart, so with a thought from you, you turned them into Killing evil dragon. "

At that time, Su Meiyao and Long Xueyi had already felt that the Red fire dragon was scary, but Chen Xiang himself did not. This was because he had already been assimilated by the Red fire dragon’s evil side, and he had gradually improved on it later on.

"Chief, did you go and talk to the patriarchs of those Creation Race s about the annihilation of the world?" Chen Xiang asked.

"He said it, they’ve already detected it!" They said, the world opened by the Chuangyuan key, was the last path of retreat! At the moment, they can only open the Initial Thunder-creation Realm’s door and prepare to go in. " Chu Jinfeng said: "In order to increase the stability of that huge door, they will need my Chuanghuo key."

"If that’s the case, they definitely won’t let me in." Chen Xiang sighed, the Nine Creation Race and the seven big party Killing evil dragon were extremely afraid, and they were extremely jealous of Chen Xiang’s Heaven Defying Pill Art, because they could not obtain it, so they would definitely be willing to join hands to fight against Chen Xiang.

"Yes!" Don’t worry, I’ll explain everything to them. " Chu Jinfeng assured Chen Xiang, but Chen Xiang did not have any hope.

"They must have thought that the destructive power was directed at me." Chen Xiang sighed: "Alliance head, forget it, let me settle this matter myself, farewell!"

After Chen Xiang left the Super Yuan Dan City, he was worried that if he did not leave now, there might be people who would come and find trouble with him.

"I also have a Chuangyuan key!" Chen Xiang took out the Chuangxie key s. He had already told Xiao Xianglin to refine the space-time array disc.