Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang left the Super Yuan Dan Alliance and headed towards the Fighting Glorious City. He changed his appearance and hid within the Fighting Glorious City. Read the full text of the latest chapter. The updates were quick.

Since the Fighting Glorious City was connected to the Super Yuan Dan City, he didn’t go and find Yang Genming when he received the latest news. If others were to find out that he and Yang Genming had been very close during this period, then it would implicate the entire Fighting Glorious City.

Chen Xiang’s current strength was insufficient to fight against those sects and Creation Race s who were at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

In only two days, the news of Chen Xiang possessing a Killing evil dragon had spread throughout all the newly built big cities in Tao-creation Place.

The Killing evil dragon was the most evil incarnation of the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, so everyone had it. The Tao-creation Evil Ancestor represented destruction and disaster, but today, another person had actually cultivated the Killing evil dragon out of nowhere.

Yan Jiu had long known about this, it was just that he had never mentioned it before, it was because Chen Xiang possessed the Killing evil dragon, but he knew very well what kind of person Chen Xiang was.

Zhou Xingzhi sighed: "I never thought that Chen Xiang was actually such a terrifying guy. I had underestimated him. But speaking of which, even though he had Killing evil dragon s, he did not seem to have let them out. "

"If he lets it out, he won’t be him anymore! The Killing evil dragon was accidentally created by him, so he had to be extremely careful, and be vigilant at all times to not be engulfed by the Killing evil dragon. " Yan Jiu said: "He should have already left the Super Yuan Dan City, with his personality, he will definitely not implicate Alliance Master Chu."

"We know very well how Boss Shen’s people are." Yang Genming sighed: "I hope he can avoid this time, although he can suppress the Killing evil dragon, but the seven major sects and the Nine Creation Race s will definitely take action against him in order to prevent future troubles."

Chen Xiang arrived at the Flame Mountain Sky City, the most important city in the entire Flame Mountain Sect.

At this time, Yan Shan and his sect were already stirred up by their stupidity and desire to go and suppress Chen Xiang. Their enmity with Chen Xiang was not small either, the most important thing was still to take a fancy to Chen Xiang’s medicinal formula.

Just when they had finished preparing and were about to head to Super Yuan Dan City, Chen Xiang arrived at the top of the Yan Mountain and Heavenly City.

"What’s the use of these guys going to the Super Yuan Dan City? I have already left the Super Yuan Dan City, could it be that they have a way to get their Alliance Master to hand me over? " Chen Xiang used a transformation technique to turn into a normal looking man and strolled around the city.

Sky City was constructed on top of a huge Tao-creation Divine Crystal mine. Chen Xiang used three illusions to explore the area below, but he didn’t find any strong individuals.

"This mine should be enough for me to activate the Transmission array."

After Chen Xiang finished inspecting the mine, he immediately went to the top and bottom of the mine, and then used his penetrating power to easily penetrate into the mine.

It was rare to see mines like this one with Tao-creation Divine Crystals inside. After Chen Xiang entered, he felt the aura emitted by a large number of Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

"The experts guarding this city have all gone to the Super Yuan Dan City. This is just right for me." Chen Xiang took out the Transmission array Plate, and then, working together with Xiao Xianglin, they had the Transmission array madly absorb the energy of the mine.

This Transmission array could connect to Xue Xianxian and the others. After the Transmission array trembled for a while, Chen Xiang heard Liu Meng’er’s voice.

"Chen Xiang, we can now confirm that we have already merged into another world of our own." Liu Meng’er said: "We have already understood that the time and space here are different, but there are still similarities."

"This is a good thing!" Xiao Xianglin said in surprise.

"Hm!" How’s it going over there? Do you ’figure out’ what’s going on? " Liu Meng’er asked.

"Almost done!" Chen Xiang told Liu Meng’er about the annihilation of the world.

After Liu Meng’er found out about this, he was also very worried.

"Elder Sister Meng’er, I have resolved this issue, there is no need for you to be anxious." Chen Xiang laughed, then gave it a try, to be able to inscribe Legendary mantra s and other World Defying Dan grain s, and then teleport over using the Transmission array.

Xiao Xianglin had even brought out two Huajing Dan grain spirit stones, but were unable to teleport over now. "Master! We have to teleport the materials and the spirit stone over. " Chen Xiang said: "As long as we can teleport these over, with their abilities, they will definitely be able to grasp them well."

"I do have a way, but I can’t guarantee success and I’ve lost quite a bit." Xiao Xianglin said: "If it’s not ’good’, this Time array will be crippled! Of course, the most important thing is that it will consume a lot of energy. "

"Isn’t this a mine?" Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, it might absorb all the energy in this mine!" Xiao Xianglin nodded: "Are you sure you want to try?"

Of course Chen Xiang wanted to try. He gave Xiao Xianglin a look.

"Alright!" Xiao Xianglin took a deep breath, and then, controlled the Transmission array plate to frantically devour the energy of the mine.

On top of the array disc laid a Storage bag, inside it was the thing that Chen Xiang wanted to teleport over.

"The spatial and temporal channels opened might be very unstable, and the teleportation device might disappear in the wrong time and space." Xiao Xianglin said.

"I’m fine!" Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin stabilized the array disc together, and asked: "Master, do you think it’s possible for me to teleport there?"

"Of course not! However, your own energy is very strong. After entering the space-time tunnel, the tunnel will have to endure a lot of energy, but right now, it’s impossible to open a stable channel. If you try to force yourself to open it, you will be torn apart by space-time. " Xiao Xianglin immediately said.

The Transmission array Plate that was shaking crazily burst out with a blinding light. The Storage bag above suddenly disappeared while it was shaking.

"We see the Storage bag." Xue Xianxian anxiously said.

"Okay, we may need some time next time to contact you." Chen Xiang saw that there were many cracks on the Transmission array plate, and quickly said: "You all better learn the incantations! "I’ll hand it over to Sister Feng and the others."

After saying that, the Transmission array plate shattered with a "boom". Previously, the formation plate had crazily devoured the energy of the mountain and used a powerful force to open a unstable small pathway in order to send the Storage bag over.

The people on the roof felt it was strange. The reason was that the aura of the Tao-creation Holy Crystal was becoming weaker and weaker, and the enchantments and formations covering the Sky City of Flame Mountain had also lost their effectiveness.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin anxiously left, this alarmed Yan Mountain City, and before long, they would come to check.

"Just like that, the energy from a mine was absorbed." Chen Xiang looked at the formation plate in his hand and said, "Master, it seems that as long as I have enough energy and a formation plate that is strong enough, I can open a stable passage."

Xiao Xianglin nodded his head: "The passage is unstable, the most important thing is that the array disc is not strong enough, and the instant injection of energy is not strong enough! "The ideal situation is that the array discs of Meng’er and the others can also absorb a great deal of energy at the same time."