Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The method that Chen Xiang had mentioned earlier was not the best method to teleport. Xiao Xianglin could only refine a new Transmission array Plate, and when he contacted Liu Meng’er and the others again, he would ask them if they had comprehended the Time and Space Laws there. As long as they could comprehend the Time Incantation and the Space mantra, teleporting would not be difficult. Newer, clearer, less advertising, like this site, you have to be good] -79xs--

This incident in the Sky City of Flame Mountain City made the upper echelons of the city extremely depressed. This was because it was clear that someone had suddenly absorbed the energy of the entire mine. Usually, only extremely powerful formation plates would have this kind of devouring ability.

Originally, the Heavenly City of Flame Mountain was very attractive. Furthermore, the members of the Flame Mountain Sect were very proud of themselves for being able to build a city in such a huge mine. However, it was gone now.

In the mines below the Sky City of Flame Mountain, there were only a very small amount of Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

Chen Xiang originally had enmity with Flame Mountain Sect, so he did this kind of thing very happily.

"How do I activate the entire array disc?" is it like opening the Transmission array plate? " Chen Xiang looked at the black array disc in his hands. This was something Xiao Xianglin had refined using the Array in the key.

"I need energy, and I need to insert it into the groove at the center of the formation plate." Xiao Xianglin said: "The source of the energy was originally the best one among the Tao-creation’s divine beads. Then the Array would have ten spots to place in the Tao-creation’s divine beads.

They just needed to find an extremely large Tao-creation Divine Crystal mine, and then use the power of the hand washing mine to activate the array disc.

Back then, when Chu Jinfeng asked the God-creation Race for it, it was already extremely difficult. At that time, they already gave Chu Jinfeng quite a bit of it, but it was even more difficult to get it now.

At this time, Chen Xiang thought of a person, and immediately left to find Xia Changdong.

Xia Changdong was in the Fire Heaven City of the Fire-creation Race. When Chen Xiang came here, he used the stone to summon him over.

As a spy, Xia Changdong had the best information, he had long known that Chen Xiang had Killing evil dragon s, and at that time, he was not surprised, because he had seen Chen Xiang’s Chuangxie key s before. Before, he was still curious why Chen Xiang had Chuangxie key s, but now, he finally understood, himself had Killing evil dragon s!

"Zhang Dong, you should already know about my situation! This is very bad for me. " Chen Xiang said: "This caused me to not be able to enter the Initial Thunder-creation Realm."

"Master, you have the Chuangxie key. With your strength, you should be able to open the Initial Evil-creation Realm!" Xia Changdong said.

"I do want to, but I’m too lacking in energy right now. Do you know how to ’get’ the Tao-creation’s Divine Bead?" Chen Xiang needed ten Tao-creation’s Divine Beads, "Your Fire-creation Race’s Fire Beads are also fine!"

"Even in our Fire-creation Race s, there are only a dozen or so fire pearls left." Xia Changdong was shocked in his heart, and said: "It’s not good to ’make’ this kind of bead, it would take a very long time to condense it."

"Master, you want these beads, is it to open the Initial Evil-creation Realm?" Xia Changdong asked. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Chen Xiang nodded, "It requires a lot of energy!"

Xia Changdong suspected that it was very possible that the mines beneath the Sky City of Yan Mountain were actually destroyed by Chen Xiang.

"Master, relying on your own strength to open the great ’door’ of the Initial Evil-creation Realm is extremely difficult! I think you can go and find Evil-creation Race. " Xia Changdong said: "The people from the Evil-creation Race also built a city, and they were extremely low-key, but we were still able to find out about it."

"Alright, I’ll go to Evil-creation Race to take a look." Chen Xiang had Chuangxie key, so he was not afraid of the people from Evil-creation Race.

Xia Changdong told Chen Xiang the location. The city was relatively large, but in order to keep a low profile, they did not set up Transmission array s with other large cities. Chen Xiang could only walk over there.

"Is this Evil-creation Race really that scary? If it’s really scary, why would he keep such a low profile? " The Evil-creation Race was also one of the Nine Creation Race s, they were very afraid of the Killing evil dragon, so they had said before that they would suppress Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang came to this city called Zang Ming City. There were quite a lot of people inside, and their appearances were not bad as a whole, with no signs of "evil".

The city was constructed by the Evil-creation Race, so the City Lord here must be someone from the Evil-creation Race as well.

The City Lord’s Mansion had all kinds of enchantments on it, but Chen Xiang easily penetrated through it with his penetrating abilities, and then aimlessly wandered around the City Lord’s Mansion. After more than an hour, he finally saw the City Lord.

City Lord was a short and fat middle-aged man with a big beard. He wore a set of black clothes and walked lazily in a flower garden, bathing in the sun.

"Hello, City Lord!" When Chen Xiang appeared, he used the Chuangxie key to press it against the City Lord’s waist, and that wave of evil energy immediately seeped in, causing the City Lord to tremble all over.

"You ... Who are you? Why would there be a sacred object of the clan? " The City Lord trembled as he asked.

"I want to see your Patriarch!" Chen Xiang said: "I have something important to talk to him about. Is he here?"

City Lord mustered his courage and turned around. Seeing a face that he had seen in a portrait, his lips trembled: "Shen ... Chen Xiang! "

"Stop talking nonsense. Quickly, bring me to see your chief." Chen Xiang sneered.

The City Lord was even more afraid of Chen Xiang now that he had cultivated a Killing evil dragon.

"I... I’ll take you there. " City Lord immediately brought Chen Xiang to a secret room, where there was a Transmission array.

After the Transmission array opened, Chen Xiang came to a forest. The forest was filled with huge trees, on top of these big trees there were some doors, and people from the Evil-creation Race actually lived inside the big trees, making him doubt whether this was the Wood-creation Race.

Chen Xiang’s Chuangxie key had a special kind of Qi, so the moment he came here, anyone who had the Evil Bloodline could immediately feel it, and they all came out from the big tree’s’ cave ’mansion.

Very quickly, thousands of Evil-creation Race people appeared, none of them dared to get close to Chen Xiang, as they were all filled with fear of the dagger in his hand.

A hunchbacked old man walked out with a black dragon walking stick.

The dragon on the dragon cane was exactly the same as the Killing evil dragon, and it also had a trace of Qi. This hunchbacked old man had a very scary eye, and it was not his own, but something else’s eye, very much like a dragon’s eye, which was emitting a red glow.

"You’re the Patriarch?" Chen Xiang asked. With the Chuangxie key in his hands, he did not feel any fear towards the hunchbacked old man who had a higher cultivation than him.

"As expected, only the Killing evil dragon knows where the Chuangxie key is. The hunchbacked old man was the only one who didn’t show any fear, but his tone was very gentle.

"Please forgive my rudeness, but I really have no better way to meet you in this manner." Chen Xiang had taken care of the City Lord, and the City Lord immediately ran to the side, frightened to the point that he was covered in cold sweat.

"That’s understandable! It seems like you have something important to discuss with me, so please follow me. " The hunchbacked old man laughed heartily, then, using the black dragon cane, he unhurriedly led Chen Xiang towards the largest tree.