Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

He didn’t know why, but throughout the journey, he had kept staring at the black dragon cane of the hunchbacked old man. He kept feeling that this black dragon cane was very familiar to him.

The old man brought Chen Xiang into the hole on the tree.

After entering, it was very quiet, giving people a very comfortable feeling. Chen Xiang sat on a wooden chair, looking at the hunchbacked old man.

"How should I address you?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Just call me Old Evil." Old Evil smiled slightly, then poured a cup of something black for Chen Xiang. He didn’t know what it was, but Chen Xiang still drank it all, unexpectedly delicious.

"Old Evil, I have the Chuangxie key in my possession. I obtained a Array from it and used it to refine an array disc." Chen Xiang said: "If I’m not mistaken, that formation plate should be able to open up Initial Evil-creation Realm s."

"You really managed to refine that array disc? Can I see it? " The Old Evil found this somewhat inconceivable, because in his impression, that kind of array disc was extremely difficult to refine, because one had to master a lot of incantations.

Chen Xiang took out the array disc and showed it to the Old Evil.

Old Evil only saw it and he was sure that it was real.

"I can indeed open the Initial Evil-creation Realm, but you have to be clear that it requires a very large amount of energy." Old Evil shook his head. "I need at least ten Tao-creation’s divine beads!"

"I don’t have the Tao-creation’s Divine Orb ... But in your Evil-creation Race, do you have any Evil Orbs of the Tao-creation? " Chen Xiang asked, this was the reason why he came here.

"Of course we have the Evil Orbs of the Tao-creation, it’s just that the energy of the Evil Orbs are not comparable to the Tao-creation’s God Orbs." The Old Evil sighed: "This is also the reason why the God-creation Race is stronger than us. Right now, our two races do not have Chuangyuan key s, so we are definitely being suppressed by them."

"But you seem to be on good terms with each other." Chen Xiang had previously heard that the Evil-creation Race and other Creation Race would come together to deal with him.

"That’s only on the surface. We were forced to do it." Old Evil was very helpless, "You must have come here to find us because of an energy source!"

"Looks like I came here for nothing!" I feel like even if you guys have an energy source, you won’t give it to me! " Chen Xiang laughed bitterly, this energy source was indeed an extremely difficult problem to deal with.

"If we had, we’d help you." Old Evil laughed: "Why aren’t we helping you? You have cultivated a Killing evil dragon, and possess a Chuangxie key. In a sense, you are equivalent to a Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, but your cultivation is just a little low. "

was secretly shocked, possessing Killing evil dragon was really the standard for becoming a Tao-creation Evil Ancestor!

"This... I have indeed released the Killing evil dragon once before, but after it was suppressed by me, it no longer exists. " Chen Xiang felt that he needed to clarify this matter with the Old Evil, he did not want to be seen as a fellow like the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Even so, you once possessed a Killing evil dragon ... Although it was suppressed by you, it could very possibly become another powerful existence! As long as you don’t die, the Killing evil dragon’s power will be on your body. " The Old Evil laughed.

What he said was right, the Killing evil dragon had already become a Red fire dragon and that terrifying power was still there.

"No matter what, you guys don’t have any energy source. I can only think of another way." Chen Xiang spread out his hands and self-deprecatingly laughed, "Your Tao-creation Place will be destroyed very soon. Your Evil-creation Race will definitely be able to enter the Initial Thunder-creation Realm at that time. You don’t have to worry about that."

"Not really!" Old Evil got up, his face was stern: "Opening the door to enter Initial Thunder-creation Realm is not easy, the other eight Creation Race have teamed up, naturally it will not be a problem! We had previously said that we would join them, and we would go together to suppress you. They had also agreed to allow us to enter the Initial Thunder-creation Realm! But only ten of us are allowed in. "

There were so many people in the Evil-creation Race, and only ten of them had entered. This meant that the others would perish alongside the Tao-creation Place.

"That’s easy. Why don’t you just take the rest of the people with you into a storage divine tool?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"No, they can detect it. They are not stupid!" The Old Evil said, "The reason they are restricting us is because they are worried that our Evil-creation Race will gradually grow stronger after entering the Initial Thunder-creation Realm and suppress us in the end."

Chen Xiang found it somewhat funny and said: "Right now, you’re not even comparable to God-creation Race who doesn’t have Chuangyuan key, and they’re actually afraid of you? These are all excuses! "

"That’s not true, because the people of our Evil-creation Race are extremely likely to produce Killing evil dragon s. After all, we have the bloodline of the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor." Old Evil laughed: "This is why they are so worried about us. Furthermore, I’m guessing that when I enter the Initial Thunder-creation Realm, they will definitely think of a way to kill us all."

Chen Xiang understood, the Old Evil also wanted to use Chen Xiang to enter the Initial Evil-creation Realm, that was the place that belonged to them.

"But you guys have no way of helping me get the energy source." Chen Xiang looked at the array disc in his hands. If there was an energy source, it could be activated right now, and they would be safe inside.

"There’s only one way now, and that is to get enough energy to activate the array disc and enter the Initial Evil-creation Realm." The Old Evil said: "Firstly, we will give you ten Tao-creation’s Evil Beads, and you will need to collect a large amount of Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals in the later stages. Through alchemy or refining, you will refine the energy of the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals into the Evil Pearl, and transform the Evil Pearl into the Tao-creation’s Divine Pearl."

"How many Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals do I need?" Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat. There was still a way to go about it, but the difficulty was in collecting the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

"A single Evil Spirit Orb of the Tao-creation would probably need ten million Tao-creation Holy Crystals to refine." Old Evil took a deep breath, "This is the difficulty."

Ten Thousand Tao-creation Crystals! Chen Xiang could not help but be taken aback.

"The huge mine underneath the Sky City of Yan Mountain only has a little more than ten million Tao-creation Holy Crystals. It’s not easy to find ten of these huge mines." Chen Xiang said as he furrowed his brows, "This is equivalent to finding one hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals!"

Even if he sold pills, it wouldn’t be that easy. He had no way to sell pills right now, and the Evil-creation Race wouldn’t help him sell them either, if not his existence would be exposed.

"When the nine ancestors created this era of the Myriad Tao, they brought something from their homeland called the Tao-creation’s Crystal Mother. All of the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals were birthed from this Tao-creation’s Crystal Mother." The Old Evil continued, "And now, the Tao-creation’s crystal mother has not been taken away. The crystal mother who has been maturing this whole time also feels that the Tao-creation Place is about to find a way out, to escape from this place."

"Tao-creation crystal mother? She can create a large amount of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals for me? " This was the first time Chen Xiang had heard of this.