Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

"That’s not it, she can bring you to find the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal. Right now, the various races and the seven major sects are all searching for the Tao-creation’s Crystal Mother, and we also have some clues!" Tao-creation’s Crystal Mother is afraid of our Evil-creation Race, so if we want to get her, there’s no hope at all.

Old Evil took out a fist-sized black crystal and handed it over to Chen Xiang. "When you hold this thing, you can sense where the Tao-creation’s crystal mother is! This was something that Tao-creation Evil Ancestor left behind back then.

Chen Xiang took the black crystal and asked, "What are the characteristics of the Tao-creation’s crystal mother? How can I catch it? Is she strong? "

Old Evil thought for a bit, then shook his head: "I don’t know the specifics either. In short, I’m not very strong, otherwise I wouldn’t have gone around everywhere! But you still have to be careful, this is after all, the Tao-creation’s crystal mother, so her power must be quite a bit. "

Without delay, Chen Xiang immediately took action. Holding the black crystal, he felt a vague feeling, this feeling let him know the location of the Tao-creation’s crystal mother.

Chen Xiang followed in this direction and rode on his Six Realms mirrors.

Before he left, the Old Evil had warned him that there were a lot of people searching for the Tao-creation’s crystal mother, so he had to be careful.

The Tao-creation’s crystal mother was previously asleep, but now that she had woken up, the various clans and the seven major sects were able to sense the existence of the crystal mother through a piece of crystal and they all went to search for her.

"This Tao-creation crystal mother is really pitiful," Chen Xiang said as he teleported into space. He needed to find the crystal mother quickly so that no one else could beat him to it.

After Chen Xiang continuously teleported for half a day, he finally had a clearer feeling. It was just that in front of him was an extremely strange place filled with withered trees.

"This area is dangerous." Bai Youyou came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, and stared at the withering woods in front of him.

"What’s the danger?" Chen Xiang, on the other hand, did not feel anything.

"Poison!" In front of us, there seems to be a type of poison that causes everything to turn like this. " Bai Youyou said in a solemn voice, "If you really want to go in, you must be prepared to defend against the poison."

"No problem, I will use Space to isolate them!" Furthermore, my own anti-virus abilities are also very good. " Chen Xiang was already considered half a poison master, his body previously still possessed the body of a impenetrable. After that, as his cultivation grew stronger and stronger, his resistance to poisons continued to increase as well.

Even so, he still took appropriate measures to prevent the poison. He rode on the Six Realms mirrors, and let the Six Realms mirrors release a layer of barrier to protect him from poison. At the same time, he also released a spatial barrier to protect himself from the poison.

After Chen Xiang went in, he released a Heaven devouring rat. The Heaven devouring rat turned into a pile of bones in a flash, causing his heart to become tranquil.

"This Tao-creation crystal mother really knows how to hide." Chen Xiang was sure that the Tao-creation crystal mother had intelligence, otherwise she would not have come to this place.

"Little crystal mother, come out quickly!" Through the black crystal, his feelings for the Tao-creation’s crystal mother became clearer and clearer, as if they were right beside him.

He released 3 bodies, floating high in the sky, sweeping past everything below.

"Are they hiding on the ground?" Chen Xiang felt that he was in the vicinity, but he saw nothing. Only a lot of withered and rotten trees.

He let out a phantom body and dived into the ground, but suddenly he saw a withered tree branch suddenly burst open, and a golden shadow jumped out. He let out a phantom body enter the ground, but suddenly he saw a withered tree trunk suddenly burst apart, and a golden shadow jumped out.

BOOM!

Suddenly, a bolt of lightning struck the tree trunk where the shadow had jumped.

Chen Xiang raised his head and looked high into the sky as he silently cursed in his heart. Only someone from the Thunder-creation Race would have such a terrifying lightning power, causing a huge crater to appear on the ground like a dried up lake.

"They came so fast! If not for them, I would never have thought of secretly capturing the Tao-creation’s crystal mother. " Chen Xiang cursed in his heart, and could only chase after the fleeing Tao-creation’s crystal mother at full speed.

What surprised him was that this Tao-creation crystal mother was very powerful, she could actually feel the violent thunder and lightning that was about to strike her. He did not realize that he had almost been struck, but luckily he had used his Invisibility Spell and was not discovered from the sky.

"The methods of this group of fellows are really cruel, to be able to unleash such a terrifying power from the first strike." As Chen Xiang executed his spatial teleportation, he paid attention to the high altitude. Right now, he was very worried that he would be struck by the Thunder-creation Race above.

"They also knew that this area was scary, so they flew high up into the sky. After sensing the location of the Tao-creation’s crystal mother, they released a strong attack in order to force the crystal mother out of this area." Bai Youyou said.

The person up there must be powerful, he must be at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and there were other people accompanying him.

The Tao-creation’s Crystal Mother was such an important object, it was only natural for experts to step in.

As Chen Xiang chased after her, the Tao-creation’s crystal mother did not notice him. This made him feel more at ease.

Half a day later, the Tao-creation’s Crystal Mother suddenly stopped and hid. When Chen Xiang came here, he felt that the Tao-creation’s Crystal Mother was deep underground.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM! Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Another extremely terrifying Thunder power descended from the sky, causing a large amount of black soil to fly out from the ground.

"Bastard, I nearly hacked him to death." Chen Xiang cursed in his heart. Right now, the wave of air was blowing his Six Realms mirrors to the point that it was shaking it violently.

The Tao-creation Crystal Mother started to fly again. Chen Xiang could sense it, so he could only give chase immediately.

Ahead of them was a verdant mountain forest. That was a relatively safe place outside of the poison zone.

Chen Xiang chased the Tao-creation’s crystal mother into the forest. He felt that he was probably the person closest to the Tao-creation’s crystal mother.

Just as he entered the forest, Chen Xiang heard a complacent laugh.

"I got it, I got it, hahahaha ... ..." was captured by our God-creation Race. " That person laughed loudly, "We caught the Tao-creation’s crystal mother!"

Chen Xiang felt it was strange when he heard this voice, because he felt a familiar Qi. It was the Qi that was unique to the disciples of the Dragon Controlling Palace and the Dragon-Elephant School.

"A few old fellows from the God-creation Race have appeared." Chen Xiang was shocked, and then, using all his strength, he teleported to the front.

He saw that there was a very huge net covering a radius of a thousand miles. After the Tao-creation’s crystal mother went in, she was caught.

Chen Xiang saw the Tao-creation’s crystal mother. He had initially thought that she was a rock, but he never thought that she was actually a beautiful woman.

liked beauties the most. He immediately released his two clones and rushed towards the net, using his penetrating power to instantly penetrate it.