Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang focused on using three ways to control the two clones to grab the Tao-creation’s crystal mother while he himself rushed towards the few Dragon Controlling Palace’s and Dragon-Elephant School’s people. These people did not have any cultivation bases of the two World Defying Stage Legendary Rank’s, but there was an old man at their side who was in the middle stages of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

Chen Xiang was also in the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. Using the legendary dragon fire and the Pressure mantra, he released it the instant he rushed over, smashing it into the old man’s body with his palm.

The old man was blown into the air and then exploded into a ball of fire and died.

"Who is it!" A person from the Dragon Controlling Palace shouted in shock.

"Uncle Shen!" Chen Xiang laughed, upon hearing that, the faces of the people of Dragon Controlling Palace and the people of Dragon-Elephant School turned ashen, and then felt a scorching pressure pressing down on them.

"You bastards. To be able to meet me, you are truly unlucky." Chen Xiang laughed coldly. Under the pressure of the dragon fire and the legendary pressure, these people instantly became ashes.

At the same time, lightning flashed and thunder rumbled in the sky. Waves of a powerful aura attacked from all directions.

Chen Xiang’s two clones had already captured the Tao-creation’s crystal mother and used their strongest powers to lock her inside. Then, they used their penetrating abilities to exit through the net and into Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors s.

BOOM!

Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors was struck by a few lightning bolts and the protective shield he released was instantly shattered. Chen Xiang also felt pain all over his body, he had been hit.

"This bunch of people are really scary!" Chen Xiang was injured, and he immediately teleported a distance away.

"Xiao Ke’er, Master, use your multiple dimensions to seal that Tao-creation’s crystal mother. They’re chasing us!" After Chen Xiang teleported, he could sense a wave of spatial undulation approaching him from all directions, and it was from all directions.

Now, he could clearly feel that the Tao-creation’s crystal mother was being chased everywhere. It really wasn’t easy for her to hide until now.

Feng Ke’er and Xiao Xianglin entered the Six Realms mirrors and immediately took out an array disc to begin the multiple space-time seals.

After Chen Xiang teleported for a period of time, he finally could no longer feel that someone was chasing after him.

"Fortunately, the injury wasn’t too severe." Chen Xiang entered the Six Realms mirrors s to take a look at the Tao-creation’s crystal mother.

Tao-creation’s Crystal Mother was dressed in luxurious golden clothes, the clothes on her clothes were sparkling and translucent. She had a rather tall figure and a charming and beautiful face, which made her grind her teeth and glare at Chen Xiang.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" I saved you! " Chen Xiang laughed.

"Humph, you are merely snatching me away from those fellows. You are still capturing me. Why else would you seal me?" The Tao-creation’s crystal mother was very spicy, her tone full of hostility.

"The reason why I sealed you is so that you won’t be detected by those fellows." Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Before, I was chased by them for a period of time, that kind of feeling really doesn’t feel good, and it’s hard for you to escape for so long."

Speaking of this matter, the Tao-creation crystal mother became even more furious and flew into a rage, "You bunch of bastards! Originally, I was sleeping well, but suddenly I felt that my energy was weakening. The reason why I woke up was only to escape from this damned place, but I was chased by you. Have you considered how I feel? "

Tao-creation’s crystal mother kicked the barrier while cursing. Chen Xiang had not seen such a spicy woman for a long time.

"Hurry up and release this old lady!" "I am made of stone, so don’t even think about falling for me. Do you think it would be interesting to climb over a stone?" The Tao-creation’s crystal mother suddenly realised that the person holding her back was a man, and his eyes were evil.

"Of course there’s no meaning to the last stone!" Chen Xiang laughed, "But you have now become a human, and have a human body. Even a female human being might not be as feminine as you! "

"You ... Do you even want to climb rocks? This is truly something that is worse than an animal! " Tao-creation’s crystal mother was stunned and scolded loudly, "You bastard, if you dare to go against this old lady, do you believe that I won’t break that lousy thing of yours!?"

Hearing that, Chen Xiang felt a chill in some place, and laughed: "Alright, alright, I have women on me, and I don’t lack you ... ... How about we make a deal? "

"I do not sell myself. I am a mother of Tao-creation Crystals, with the Tao-creation Crystals, I do not need to sell myself." The Tao-creation crystal mother bared her teeth at Chen Xiang. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Chen Xiang really didn’t know what was going on with the Tao-creation crystal mother, she was actually so sensitive in this regard, making him very speechless.

"Let me ask you, if I release you, you will still be hunted down by those people, and most of those people are ugly and old." Chen Xiang said in a smug voice, "You should have also seen them before! None of them will be as handsome as me! "

The Tao-creation’s crystal mother thought about it carefully and humphed, "You are indeed more pleasing to the eye than them! But I still feel like you’re not a good person. " If Chen Xiang released her, she would still inevitably be pursued.

"I’m not a good person, but at least I didn’t want to fuck you." Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"Hmph, I don’t believe you." The Tao-creation’s Crystal Mother was starting to believe something, because she had just seen Xiao Xianglin and Feng Ke’er. She thought that Xiao Xianglin was Chen Xiang’s wife and Feng Ke’er was Chen Xiang’s daughter.

"Believe it or not, that’s your problem. Let me get down to business." Chen Xiang said with a serious expression on his face, "If you help me find the approximately one hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals, I’ll let you go ... If you are willing, you can also leave Tao-creation Place with me. "

"One hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals? "You are asking me for it, hmph." The Tao-creation crystal mother said in disdain, causing the corner of Chen Xiang’s mouth to twitch.

Hundreds of millions of Tao-creation Holy Crystals were nothing in her eyes!

"My request is very simple! I want to leave this damned Tao-creation Place alive. When those nine old fogeys brought me here, they did not care about me, and then beat me to death, and even wanted me to destroy the world. I hate these bastards, and if I see them again, I will definitely scold them to death. " The more Tao-creation’s crystal mother spoke, the angrier she got.

The Tao-creation’s Crystal Mu mentioned about the nine First Tao-creation Ancestor s, causing Chen Xiang to be secretly shocked in his heart. This Tao-creation’s Crystal Mother was truly a mysterious existence.

"I have explained in advance that I want to go to the Initial Evil-creation Realm. Have you heard of this place before?" Chen Xiang asked, he felt that the Tao-creation’s crystal mother must know about this matter.

"Initial Evil-creation Realm? You have Chuangxie key! " The Tao-creation crystal mother suddenly asked in surprise.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang took out the Chuangxie key s: "Now we are lacking in energy, we need a large amount of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals."

"I don’t know about the Initial Evil-creation Realm, but it will be safer than here! I heard that those guys are going to the Initial Thunder-creation Realm? Aren’t you the same as them? " Tao-creation’s crystal mother asked.

"Of course not! If you and I are in front of them, and they can only catch one person, they will definitely arrest me and not even look at you. " Chen Xiang laughed.

"I don’t believe that a brat like you is more valuable than this old lady." The Tao-creation crystal mother stared at Chen Xiang and snorted.