Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

According to Jing Yun’er’s words, as long as the Tao-creation Place did not have enough energy to sustain it, it would gradually disintegrate. The energy that gathered in the Tao-creation Place’s spatial energy, the power of time, and the laws of all sorts of energy would gradually disappear.

This kind of method to destroy the world was not berserk, it was just equivalent to summing up the Tao-creation Place’s energy source, making it so that the Tao-creation Place was completely burnt out and died in the end.

As the Tao-creation’s crystal mother, Jing Yun’er was the first to notice this matter, so she immediately thought of running, and was then exposed, and was discovered by the Creation Race.

"Big Sister Yun, don’t you have the Tao-creation Divine Crystals?" Chen Xiang felt that it would not be easy to find one. If Jing Yun’er had one, he could just take it out.

"Why do I have to store this trash?" Jing Yun’er’s words made Chen Xiang not know what to say.

She had refined the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal herself, and the energy she had absorbed came from all over the Tao-creation Place, it had been flowing endlessly before. It could sustain her life, so she did not need the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal at all.

If it wasn’t for the fact that she needed to use this power of crystallization to protect her life, she could have helped Chen Xiang refine the Tao-creation’s Divine Bead.

When Chen Xiang got close to the huge mine, he suddenly heard a bone chilling roar.

"What is this?" Chen Xiang stopped his flight. He wouldn’t go over until he found out what was over there.

"You’ll know when you get there. What’s there to be afraid of? You can run away like that." Jing Yun’er said.

Chen Xiang released his spirit body after he went into stealth. The spirit body scouted ahead while his main body followed right behind him. The mine in front of him was extremely huge, many times bigger than the one in Yan Shan Tian City.

"If such a large mine was not discovered by humans, there would most likely be something hiding here, such as a beast or spirit body ..." Anyway, after absorbing the energy from the mines for many years, these guys will become very strong. " Jing Yun’er said: "Take a look first, there are some that are very weak." Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Chen Xiang quickly saw it with his spirit body. There was a large purple bat with a bat body, a tiger head, and it was extremely ugly. When it opened its mouth to roar, it looked even more ferocious and scary.

"This thing doesn’t look weak." Chen Xiang was thinking about whether he could avoid this item, but he thought that Xiao Xianglin would need to refine the Tao-creation’s Divine Bead inside for a period of time, so in order to ensure its safety, he had to kill this guy.

"Not good, he found me!" Chen Xiang did not know how the purple bat found him either. Furthermore, it flapped its wings at him, releasing balls of purple mist, which looked extremely poisonous.

At first, it was just a mist, but suddenly it became countless rays of light and pierced over, like a purple light net that was enveloping Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword, releasing two clones and attacked from three directions. With one teleportation, he dodged the net.

Three streams of fire pressure were simultaneously released by Chen Xiang, rushing towards the gigantic bat in the sky. The invisible pressure pushed the huge net filled with purple mist back.

After the purple bat was hit by the three streams of pressure from the legendary dragon fire, it let out a roar and its body exploded. A blinding, purple light shot out from the center of the pressure.

"Dead?" Chen Xiang didn’t dare to be sure, because he could feel the aura of that large purple bat even now.

Suddenly, that ball of purple energy quickly gathered over, and from all directions. Chen Xiang’s three clones had a total of nine balls of purple light that were in the four directions.

"What the hell is going on?" Chen Xiang anxiously controlled his clone to attack the purple balls of light, using the power of the legendary dragon fire and Pressure mantra to break through.

These three energies rushed towards the three blobs of light. To his surprise, the blob of light suddenly flashed and a purple bat appeared!

The other balls of light also exploded. There were a total of nine large purple bats that were larger and stronger than the previous bats. They looked like they were clones.

BOOM!

The purple bat that appeared. For some reason, it actually released a strong pressure as it charged towards Chen Xiang.

The nine gigantic bats released a strong pressure at the same time, as if they were all released by the Pressure mantra. This made Chen Xiang very surprised, as this purple bat had actually imitated his strength.

Chen Xiang controlled the three clones to immediately avoid the attack!

"They are imitating my ability." Chen Xiang was fearful, but when the bats saw his astonished expression, they all started to laugh complacently.

"Humph!" "You can imitate my ability, but can you imitate this?" Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and Heavenly magic sword, then used the Time and space power to teleport behind a purple bat.

The Time and space power was not so easy to imitate. Chen Xiang appeared behind a purple bat, quickly waved his sword, and after a few hundred slashes, he cut the purple bat into many pieces. Then, he controlled the Six Realms mirrors to absorb it into a seal.

The other two clones were also fighting against the purple bat, fighting against the minority who were having a hard time, while Chen Xiang was facing off against four. His Six Realms mirrors had a strong rebound capability, the purple bat released a very strong pressure attack, which was reflected back by the Six Realms mirrors and shattered him.

Using the collaboration of the Six Realms mirrors, Chen Xiang quickly defeated the four purple bats and sealed them inside the Six Realms mirrors. He discovered that the purple bat was hard to kill, so he could only temporarily seal them.

Now that he only had four purple bats left, he combined with his two clones and quickly captured them.

"They’ve fused together. I need to strengthen the seal." Xiao Xianglin said, and at the same time, Little White Fox came to help.

Chen Xiang had previously used fire to burn these bats, but when he burned, the purple bat could turn the flame purple, and then absorb the fire.

If it was in the past, Chen Xiang could easily burn his enemy to ashes using the Pressure mantra and Legend Dragon Flame, but this purple bat was different. It would explode into a cloud of purple light mist and then merge into a new group.

"The era of the Myriad Tao is like this, with all sorts of things. Even the ancestors who created the era of the Myriad Tao couldn’t imagine this." Jing Yun’er said: "They felt that the Myriad Tao Era World they created was the best, but it’s a pity that they lost control of it in the end, because too many variables have appeared here, and there are many existences that surpassed them in terms of strength."

Inside the Six Realms mirrors, Chen Xiang looked at the sealed purple bat. This guy was extremely hard to kill, and even Chen Xiang was extremely envious of this ability.

"Big sister Yun, did the First Tao-creation Ancestor give up their Myriad Tao Era World because of the Killing evil dragon?" Chen Xiang was very concerned about this.