Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Just as the Chuangxie key stabbed in, the old man screamed in pain, his body slowly melting into black liquid. Access:.

The two old men at the side, were all frightened, they never thought that the Chuangxie key would be in Chen Xiang’s hands.

"The Chuangxie key is in your hands!" An old man cried out. They thought that since Chen Xiang possessed the Killing evil dragon, it was natural for him to be able to find it.

They believed that Chen Xiang had already grasped a part of the Killing evil dragon’s power!

"Of course, you’re all very afraid of this!" Chen Xiang laughed heartily, and then he stabbed the two of them, causing them to die from the pain.

Chen Xiang had now truly experienced the destructive power these Chuangyuan key had towards Creation Race. With just a single thrust, they were able to eliminate the opponent. He felt that even if it was a person at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, they would not be able to survive a single stab from him.

After exterminating the two of them, Chen Xiang immediately headed towards the huge mine to retrieve the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal and refine it into the Tao-creation’s divine bead.

"Senior Brother, the Initial Thunder-creation Realm is open. At that time, should we try to sneak in?" She was protecting Xiao Xianglin with Chen Xiang outside.

"Chen Xiang, when the Initial Thunder-creation Realm opens, the Thunder-creation Race will definitely invite a lot of people in, because they are not sure about the situation inside, and they will not take sole ownership of this matter, and they are also worried that there might be a stronger force or something inside, so they will open it up to even more people." Bai Youyou’s intention was the same as Little White Fox’s. He wanted Chen Xiang to sneak in from the Initial Thunder-creation Realm.

"When the time comes, I will go to the Initial Evil-creation Realm first. We can’t give up on our path here, this is our other path. Chen Xiang said: "Right now, no one knows what’s going on inside."

"In particular, you’d better go and discuss it with Evil-creation Race. You will always have Chuangyuan key, and when you train in them, the people of Evil-creation Race will take care of your own people." Bai Youyou said: "It would be best if I could ’mix in’ within the Evil-creation Race s, and then enter the Initial Thunder-creation Realm s! If the situation inside Initial Thunder-creation Realm is different, we can quietly open the Initial Evil-creation Realm and enter it. "

Xiao Xianglin had already used two days to refine the Tao-creation’s Divine Bead.

Chen Xiang returned to the Evil-creation Race to look for him.

"Many things have happened in this period of time!" Old Evil was relatively happy that he returned, as if he had been waiting for Chen Xiang for a long time.

"What’s the matter?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The Initial Thunder-creation Realm has opened, but the cost to enter is only fifty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals." The Old Evil said with a wry smile: "Even we need to give fifty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystal Thunder-creation Race s." Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The Thunder-creation Race actually dared to do such a thing, they could not help but earn a lot.

"Doesn’t that mean many people in Tao-creation Place are dead for sure?" Chen Xiang said.

"That’s not it, they only need people at the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank or above to give them to them so that everyone else can enter ... Other than that, we, the Creation Race and the seven major sects, need fifty thousand. " Old Evil sneered: "Most likely, the reason they let so many people in was to let them investigate the situation inside first."

"Old Evil, when the time comes, should I also go through the big doors of Initial Thunder-creation Realm?" Chen Xiang said: "If I stay with them, it might be a lot safer, even though I have already gathered all of the Tao-creation’s divine beads."

"You can try, but you’d better be careful!" Old Evil did not force Chen Xiang.

"Okay, I will go now. If not, I will come back and then go to Initial Evil-creation Realm." Chen Xiang said.

After Chen Xiang left the Evil-creation Race, he headed towards the main entrance of the Initial Thunder-creation Realm.

"Fifty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals, it’s not a lot to say, but it’s also quite a lot to say!" Chen Xiang secretly observed and was about to register, when he suddenly heard Chu Jinfeng’s voice.

"Chen Xiang, hold on!"

He did not know where Chu Jinfeng was.

"Chief, what’s wrong?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"You want to use fifty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals to enter the Initial Thunder-creation Realm?" Chu Jinfeng asked hastily.

"Yes!" Where is Chen Xiang.

"They know you’re here!" Chu Jinfeng said: "They used a secret method, as long as the Killing evil dragon approached them, they would be able to sense it. The Killing evil dragon has already changed into another form, but they can still sense it. "

"But they didn’t do anything!" Chen Xiang was alerted of his surroundings.

"Yes, because they hoped that you could enter the Initial Thunder-creation Realm so that they could catch you." Chu Jinfeng said: "Other than Evil-creation Race, the other Creation Race s and the Seven Great Sects are all waiting for you here! You have a Chuangxie key, so I believe that you will definitely be able to head to Initial Evil-creation Realm through that Chuangxie key. "

When Chu Jinfeng had obtained the Chuanghuo key, he had already sensed the Chuangxie key on Chen Xiang’s body. At that time, he had guessed that Chen Xiang had also discovered the secret within the Chuangxie key.

The big gate of the Initial Thunder-creation Realm was a white light screen, many people went in! Chen Xiang dispelled his thought, that this road was not doable, behind that door, there were many people waiting for him.

"Good!" Chief, we’ll meet again in the future. Help me bid farewell to my friend. "

Chen Xiang clenched his teeth, then returned to the Evil-creation Race.

Old Evil returned and laughed: "That place is equivalent to Thunder-creation Race’s territory, even if you can enter, you will definitely not be at ease."

"Not only will I not be at ease, I will also be ’killed’ by them." Chen Xiang sighed, then took out the formation plate. "Old Evil, did your family members divulge this information to the public?

"My Evil-creation Race’s people keep our mouths shut! They’re going to die before they say it. I keep it a secret. " The Old Evil said.

"That’s good. Now I have to open this array disc!" Chen Xiang took out the Chuangxie key. In the middle of the array disc, there was a place where the Chuangxie key would be inserted.

"Once it’s open, I’ll let our people in first. You can be at ease." The Old Evil said.

The inside of the tree that the Old Evil was on was huge, like a huge hall. It was enough for Chen Xiang to open a ’door’ here.

Xiao Xianglin also came out from You Yao Mountain Villa to help Chen Xiang open the array disc.

After everything was prepared, Chen Xiang inserted the Chuangxie key into the hole in the array disc, but there was no movement from the array disc.

"Master, what’s going on?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

Xiao Xianglin also frowned, then shook his head. "There is absolutely no problem with this array disc, and there are enough Tao-creation’s divine beads, there can’t be no reaction!"

Old Evil’s eyes flashed, and said: "I know! Now that the Initial Thunder-creation Realm is open, those that cannot be opened at the same time will have to wait for them to close. "

"So that’s how it is. Let’s wait a bit longer then." Xiao Xianglin heaved a sigh of relief, she was worried that doing so much would cause all her efforts to go down the drain.