Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Xiao Xianglin received a few Time and Space Incantations from Xue Xianxian and the others, these came from the Most Ancient Era. With just a glance, she was able to see many things.

"The spacetime incantations in the era of the Myriad Tao evolved from the spacetime incantations of the Most Ancient Era, so there are many similarities! When compared to Most Ancient Era’s era, the spacetime incantations are much simpler and more streamlined, and much more outstanding. " Xiao Xianglin said: "No wonder the Tao-creation Divine Lord felt that this era is the best created by them."

"In the end, they gave up! I wonder if the Tao-creation Incantation we learned can still be used in the Most Ancient Era. " Chen Xiang curled his lips. He had previously helped Tao-creation Divine Lord, but before Tao-creation Divine Lord left, she didn’t even let him know.

Xiao Xianglin had long since known about her grievances towards the Tao-creation Divine Lord, so she said: "I guess the Tao-creation Divine Lord already knew that you had a Red fire dragon, and he probably sensed that you had cultivated a Killing evil dragon, so he didn’t bring you along."

"That’s a possibility!" Chen Xiang sighed: "But my Red fire dragon are under my control now, what are they afraid of?"

"Look around at this Initial Evil-creation Realm. I have to go refine it." Xiao Xianglin was also not clear as to what kind of existence this Initial Evil-creation Realm was, so she had to quickly master the Time and Space Incantation and improve the Transmission array. She had to leave the Initial Evil-creation Realm and reunite with Xue Xianxian and the others as soon as possible.

"Alright!"

Chen Xiang originally had a few things she wanted to ask Jing Yun’er, but who knew that the moment she arrived here, she would run wildly in excitement?

The people of the Evil-creation Race were very hardworking, they soon built many houses, there were no such huge trees here, they could not live inside the cave like before, they could only take materials and use some stones to build houses.

"Old Evil, I will take a walk around to see this Initial Evil-creation Realm." Chen Xiang replied, "I’ll be back soon."

"Mm, you better be careful. Our current location is safe, so we don’t know where else we are." The Old Evil replied, "According to my memories, I only know that the Initial Evil-creation Realm was abandoned by the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor’s race. I am not clear about the situation in the other Creation Regions."

After Chen Xiang greeted the Old Evil, he headed towards the boundless wasteland in the distance.

After running for a few days, Chen Xiang still did not find anything.

There were a lot of stones on the ground. Although there were blue skies and white clouds in the sky, this place still gave off a strange feeling. A chilly wind was blowing everywhere, and in addition, this place was shrouded in an evil aura.

Chen Xiang was really worried that he would gain some kind of evil power from it after staying here for a long time, so he had to leave quickly.

"During this period of time, I am unable to absorb any of the Evil Qi here. It would be best if I do not let the Red fire dragon come into contact with it, just in case." Chen Xiang even told Feng Ke’er to temporarily seal the Red fire dragon in multiple space-time seals, preventing it from contact with the outside world.

Ten days later, Chen Xiang finally saw a lot of mountains, which made him excited, because from afar, he could see dense trees on the mountains.

"Finally, there’s a decent place."

Chen Xiang immediately rushed over. Just as he was about to cross that stretch of green mountain, he was suddenly stopped by something, and then was bounced back.

"There is a barrier!" After Chen Xiang was sent flying, he was shocked in his heart. To think that there would be such a powerful barrier here, it was truly unexpected. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

and Feng Ke’er immediately came out to check if there was anything special about it.

"It’s very strange!" Feng Ke’er frowned: "This is not a barrier!"

"It’s not a barrier?" Chen Xiang looked towards Xiao Xianglin, only to see Xiao Xianglin nodding his head.

Xiao Xianglin touched the invisible barrier in front of him and said, "There should be a time space barrier here! On that side, is another world, completely different from the Initial Evil-creation Realm. "

"What world would it be? Is there any way to get there? " Chen Xiang asked. If he could go over, then he would not have to stay in this lifeless Initial Evil-creation Realm.

"I don’t have any ideas right now! It would take a long time to find a way to break through this barrier... If you really want to go over, there’s another reason, which is to use a lot of power to break this barrier! " Xiao Xianglin punched towards the transparent time space barrier.

The strong pressure charged over and produced a muffled sound. The time and space barrier rippled like water.

"Even if you use a very strong power to break it open, the time and space barriers will quickly heal. This is far from the power of a barrier." Xiao Xianglin exclaimed: "You can go back to Old Evil and have him bring a few powerful people over for a try."

"Good!" I’ll go back now. " Chen Xiang could not wait any longer.

After Xiao Xianglin and Feng Ke’er entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, Chen Xiang immediately rushed back to the main group of Evil-creation Race. He could use the Flying mantra and the Time Space Incantation here, but it would consume a lot of energy and would be obstructed a lot, so he did not use it, but rather made the Six Realms mirrors roll on the ground.

Before, he had already ran very far, which was why he had encountered that time and space barrier. It could be seen that this Initial Evil-creation Realm was not very big, he had just reached the border.

It would take him at least ten days to get back, which made him very anxious.

The Six Realms mirrors was like a wheel, rolling on the ground for more than ten days, when Chen Xiang suddenly saw wave after wave of strange auras coming from afar.

"It’s not the aura of the Evil-creation Race, what’s going on?" Chen Xiang was shocked. He immediately came out of the Six Realms mirrors and used an Invisibility Spell, releasing three illusions to investigate.

Very quickly, he discovered that what was in front of him was a wasteland, and the corpses of many Evil-creation Race people!

"Many people have died. Who were they?" Chen Xiang was extremely shocked, and immediately told Xiao Xianglin and the others about it.

"Is there anything else here?" Bai Youyou was very suspicious, "Can you tell anything from their injuries?"

"Carefully sense if there are any other auras. If there are still living people, then ask them." Qin Shuang said.

"There are no living people. The corpses I saw were all intact." Chen Xiang frowned. Previously, this group of people had happily come over from the Tao-creation Place with him, but now they were all dead. This made him feel an indescribable surge of anger in his heart.

"Could it be Jing Yun’er?" Chen Xiang immediately suspected this Tao-creation crystal mother.

"It can’t be her, her strength is limited! She could not handle Evil-creation Race! Other than Evil-creation Race, there are a few other strong ones. " Xiao Xianglin said.

Chen Xiang’s spirit body suddenly saw a place in the distance that was burning with black flames. The spirit body immediately went over, and saw Old Evil lying there, on the verge of death.