Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang immediately rushed over, and let Xiao Xianglin out, as he tried to think of a way to extinguish the black flames, because even he was unable to approach them.

"Little White Fox, faint!" Xiao Xianglin let Little White Fox and Bai Youyou come out. "Let’s join forces and release the Pressure mantra and the doppelgänger to suppress the black flames."

Chen Xiang and the others nodded and released their clones. They exerted their powers together and the strong pressure charged over like a huge wave, washing away that weird black flame.

Old Evil was already burnt to the point where his lower body was no longer there. When Chen Xiang went over, he discovered that there were many Chuangyuan key s stabbed into his body!

There was only one possibility for so many Chuangyuan key to appear here, and that was that the people from the other Creation Race had come.

"Old Evil, how are you?" Chen Xiang immediately pulled out the six Chuangxie key s.

Amongst the six Chuangyuan key s, there were fire, lightning, wood, water, earth and gold!

"The Chuanghuo key is here too!" Chen Xiang had doubts in his heart, because the Chuanghuo key was in Chu Jinfeng’s hands!

Chen Xiang immediately channeled the vast power of life and regeneration into Old Evil’s body.

"I’m hopeless!" Old Evil was extremely weak at the moment, and could die at any moment. "It’s already pretty good that I can still survive after being pierced by so many Chuangyuan key!"

"Is Chu Jinfeng here too?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, the one with the Chuanghuo key is the patriarch of the Fire-creation Race." The Old Evil coughed twice, his body releasing balls of black Qi: "They felt that coming here would make the Chuangyuan key useless, and had even discovered me, so they agreed to send the Chuangyuan key into my body, and set up a seal formation to destroy these Chuangyuan key."

Chen Xiang looked at the six sets of Chuangyuan key in his hands, and then, tightly gripped them, as his voice carried a trace of grief and indignation: "Old Evil, I will help you take revenge. Although you are a Evil-creation Race, you are better than those guys.

"This Evil dragon array is for you!" Old Evil took out his black dragon cane and chuckled: "I have lived until now, and have no regrets now. It’s just that my clansmen ... There are many young children among them, and I want to help me exterminate all of these Creation Race. "

"Evil dragon array is not an ordinary thing. This is me ... The Killing evil dragon I cultivated was sealed inside and refined into a Divine Equipment ... "You should use it well..."

After the Old Evil finished speaking, his body instantly turned into black smoke and disappeared. Chen Xiang held the Evil dragon array tightly and immediately felt a monstrous killing intent surging out.

"Give me some peace!"

Chen Xiang could feel that the Killing evil dragon sealed inside the Evil dragon array was enraged, because its master was dead!

After Chen Xiang shouted, the Killing evil dragon inside quietened down.

"Looks like Old Evil has completely tamed the Killing evil dragon, but he’s still worried that he won’t be able to control the Killing evil dragon, so he has been sealed inside." Chen Xiang released the legendary dragon fire, burning these ruins to ashes.

"If Old Evil were to release the Killing evil dragon, it might be able to save everything." Feng Ke’er sighed.

"No, there’s no saving him."

This voice belonged to Jing Yun’er, and she had actually returned.

"Big Sister Yun!" Chen Xiang shouted in shock.

"If Old Evil released the Killing evil dragon, it would definitely be injured by those Chuangyuan key, and in the end, the Killing evil dragon would be under the control of those fellows. Old Evil is very clear on all this, so he did not release the Killing evil dragon even after dying." Jing Yun’er said.

"Big Sister Yun, where did you go?" Xiao Xianglin asked.

"I was just walking around. There is a passage over there that leads to the Initial Thunder-creation Realm." Jing Yun’er said: "I went over there, and met them. They seemed to know that there is a Initial Evil-creation Realm here, so they quickly rushed over, and even though they found me, they did not chase after me, and it seems like they think that I am useless here." Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"I will avenge the Old Evil." Chen Xiang took out the Chuangxie key. Currently, he had seven Chuangyuan key s in his hands, adding the two in Tao-creation Divine Lord’s hands, he would be able to gather nine.

"The Chuangyuan key definitely has other uses, it’s just that we haven’t found them yet. You must keep them well! Those fellows are really funny, they actually threw away the Chuangyuan key just like that. " Jing Yun’er sneered.

"They thought that since Old Evil had Chuangxie key in his possession, they decided to leave them here without worry. It’s because they have been on guard against each other for many years, mainly because of the Chuangyuan key." Chen Xiang said: "I just think that it’s strange, why would the Alliance Master give the Chuanghuo key to them?"

Xiao Xianglin said: "If I don’t give it to him, Chu Jinfeng will definitely be dealt with by these Creation Race’s combined forces, so he had no choice but to give it to me! For those Creation Race that have come here, in order to eliminate the greatest threat to them, they would definitely go all out. "

"But they didn’t expect that the Chuangxie key was in your hands, and that you had also come to Initial Evil-creation Realm." Jing Yun’er laughed.

Chu Jinfeng knew that Chen Xiang had also come, so he was very relieved to hand over the Chuanghuo key. He should also know that it would be easier for the Creation Race s to destroy the Chuangyuan key as well.

"Big Sister Yun, are you going to the Initial Thunder-creation Realm?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, I’ll stay here!" When I go over there, those fellows will feel me. Although they feel that I am useless now, they will always be staring at me. I simply cannot calm my heart down and cultivate. " Jing Yun’er said: "I will train here, I want to try and see if I can cultivate Killing evil dragon."

"Cultivate Killing evil dragon? This is too dangerous! " Chen Xiang said.

"What’s the danger? Didn’t you manage to cultivate it?" If Old Evil can also cultivate it, I will definitely be fine! "I am the senior of those fellows, but I am being chased by them everywhere. I do not have any power at all, and to become stronger, this is the only way."

Jing Yun’er pinched Chen Xiang’s face, and laughed out loud: "You little brat, if you don’t have the ability to kill that group of fellows, you wouldn’t be discouraged.

"Big Sister Yun, have you heard of Most Ancient Era?" Xiao Xianglin’s words immediately caused the laughing Jing Yun’er’s face to darken.

"How do you know this place?" Jing Yun’er asked anxiously.

Xiao Xianglin told Jing Yun’er everything in a simple manner.

"Dammit, that’s my hometown! I want to go back!" "Those nine ancestors were all part of Most Ancient Era. They tricked me in the beginning and threw me in the Tao-creation Place for so many years without caring about anything. If the Tao-creation Place is going to be destroyed, then take me as well.

"Big Sister Yun, we definitely won’t leave you behind. We’re not heartless and heartless people." Xiao Xianglin laughed.