Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Xiao Xianglin was also very happy at the moment, because this would allow her to understand more about the Most Ancient Era.

"Big Sister Yun, do you have the Most Ancient Era’s space-time incantation? I have a bit of it in my hand, but it’s incomplete. " Xiao Xianglin said.

"Of course! Jing Yun’er immediately gave Xiao Xianglin a lot of Most Ancient Era’s incantations, of which there were many time and space incantations, making him even more happy.

"Alright, when you come to find me, my sudden change will definitely shock you." Jing Yun’er laughed and pinched Feng Ke’er’s cute little face.

Chen Xiang and the others bid farewell to Jing Yun’er, and began their journey towards the Initial Thunder-creation Realm.

"Great! With the incantation Big Sister Yun gave me, I should be able to refine a stable Transmission array Plate." said. It was very easy for her to learn the Most Ancient Era Incantation. She had mastered the Tao-creation Incantation herself, it was similar to the ancient incantations.

Chen Xiang spent more than ten days before finally arriving at the passageway that Jing Yun’er had described.

There was also a time and space barrier here, but this time and space barrier had a very large white hole in it. As long as they passed through this white hole, they would be able to get to the Initial Thunder-creation Realm in front of them, who was covered with green mountains.

"So Initial Evil-creation Realm and Initial Thunder-creation Realm are next to each other."

Chen Xiang passed through the white light hole and arrived at the Initial Thunder-creation Realm. This place was not as lifeless as the Initial Evil-creation Realm, it was full of life and vitality, and was an extremely good world.

"Chen Xiang, you’d better use the multiple space-time seal formation to seal the Red fire dragon, the Evil dragon array and those other Chuangyuan key." Xiao Xianglin said: "They might be able to sense you through these things."

It was difficult to sense him from a distance, but it was hard to say if he could sense him at a close distance. After all, he had so many sensitive things on his body, especially those Chuangyuan key s.

Those patriarchs might even have special connections to their own clan’s Chuangyuan key.

Chen Xiang immediately had Xiao Xianglin seal all the Chuangyuan key, along with the Red fire dragon and the Evil dragon array.

Thinking about Old Evil’s and Evil-creation Race’s deaths, Chen Xiang’s heart inexplicably became heavy.

"Back then, Tao-creation Evil Ancestor was also killed when we teamed up like this!" Chen Xiang sighed: "I don’t know about the people from Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, but the impression Old Evil and Evil-creation Race gave me was very good."

"Indeed! The other fellows from the Creation Race s give me a very evil feeling, especially that God-creation Race. " Qin Shuang said.

"This is indeed strange, although Evil-creation Race carries the word Evil, and is covered in Evil Qi, Old Evil gives off a very righteous feeling, especially right before he died." Bai Youyou said. She had been in contact with the demon’s power for a long time, so she knew what it was like.

"It seems that the death of the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor must have been a secret." Chen Xiang said: "It’s a pity that those who know about this will definitely not say it!"

Chen Xiang thought of the Uncle Shi and the Oldest Tree. The world they resided in should not be swallowed by the Most Ancient Era, so they could be together with him.

Chen Xiang released his illusion body and floated in the air to take a look.

The first thing the people from Tao-creation Place did when they moved to this place was to build a city or something. It was a large city, and since they had moved here together, it would definitely be more crowded.

Chen Xiang searched for a few days until he found a weak aura. This aura was left behind when the group of patriarchs from the Creation Race s left for the Initial Evil-creation Realm.

At the edge of this sea, there was a huge city.

"They’ve been here for a very long time. It’s enough for them to build such a huge city." Chen Xiang looked at the city and released his spirit body to the door, realising that it was extremely tight.

"It looks like they have registered everyone who entered the Initial Thunder-creation Realm. If they want to enter, they need to verify their identity."

This way, Chen Xiang would not be able to enter the gate openly.

He wandered around outside the city for a while. The enchantment in the city was very strong. If he used his penetrating power, he would be able to enter. However, he would trigger the enchantment and cause a lot of noise.

Just as Chen Xiang was at a loss for what to do, he suddenly saw a rock in his spatial storage that was connected to Xia Changdong light up.

"Could this city be built by the Fire-creation Race? Xia Changdong is inside? " Chen Xiang rejoiced in his heart, and then, he waited for Xia Changdong’s arrival.

An hour later, Xia Changdong finally arrived.

"Master!" When Xia Changdong saw Chen Xiang, he was not surprised at all, because he knew that Chen Xiang had Chuangxie key. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Zhang Dong, is that city the Fire-creation Race’s?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"It’s from the Wood-creation Race." Xia Changdong said: "I was sent to do some work here."

"Where is the Super Yuan Dan Alliance?" Chen Xiang anxiously wanted to find Chu Jinfeng.

"The Super Yuan Dan Alliance no longer exists. The various clans and seven major sects no longer allow the Super Yuan Dan Alliance to exist. They divide up the Alchemist among themselves." Xia Changdong said: "Chu Jinfeng’s whereabouts are also unknown, all we know is that he previously exchanged the Chuanghuo key with our Fire-creation Race."

"What is used in this transaction? Is it the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes!" Inside Initial Thunder-creation Realm, there were also many Tao-creation’s sacred crystals! These Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal Mines can only be owned by various families and the seven major sects, whoever discovers them first will own it. " Xia Changdong said: "This place has already been ruled by the various races and seven major sects."

"Is the patriarch of the Wood-creation Race in the city?" Chen Xiang looked at the huge city in the distance.

"No, they have another place!"

Xia Changdong didn’t know why Chen Xiang was looking for the Wood-creation Race either, but he still told Chen Xiang the location of the Wood-creation Race. Other than that, there was also the hiding spot of the God-creation Race, which was located deep inside the mountains.

In a situation where there were no Chuangyuan key, God-creation Race s, Fire-creation Race s and Thunder-creation Race s were all relatively strong. Chen Xiang would not find them first, so he had to go to Wood-creation Race s first to check them out.

Chen Xiang bade farewell to Xia Changdong, and then headed towards Wood-creation Race’s territory. He found out from Xia Changdong that the Wood-creation Race possessed a large amount of Legend rank medicine, so it became his first target.

"They don’t have Chuangyuan key s, but I have seven!" Chen Xiang felt that if he stabbed these seven keys into the Patriarch’s body, he might die like the Old Evil.

The Wood-creation Race knew how to choose a place. When Chen Xiang heard this, he felt that it was not bad and it was quite far from the other big cities. It should be because he did not want others to find it.

"The environment in Initial Thunder-creation Realm is so good, we must have already nurtured some kind of beast." Chen Xiang thought, he only hoped that he would meet those fierce beasts.

Being unable to find Chu Jinfeng after arriving here made Chen Xiang feel somewhat disappointed. If he could find Chu Jinfeng, then it would be of no small help to him.