Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang still did not know how to deal with the Wood-creation Race. He first planned to take a look at the environment of the Wood-creation Race, then make other plans. His main goal was to eliminate the patriarch of the Wood-creation Race as well as some of the elders with formidable strength within the clan.

As long as these Creation Race’s experts were killed, these Creation Race would not have enough strength to stand at a high position. They would definitely be defeated by other rising forces in the future.

On the way to the Wood-creation Race, Chen Xiang thought about many things. Six Realms mirrors s rolled at a very fast speed, so Chen Xiang didn’t have time to look at the scenery outside.

If not for the Six Realms mirrors being affected by the energy wave that suddenly attacked them from afar, Chen Xiang would not have known that there was a big movement in the distance.

"Someone is fighting! "A very strong guy." Chen Xiang immediately came out from the Six Realms mirrors and released his [Body Fusion]. Just from the aura alone, he could determine that the cultivation levels of the people who were fighting before him were all above the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

After the illusion flew past, it saw that there was a huge pit on the ground over there that had just been punched out. And in this pit was a mass of black fog that was currently churning.

Roar!

A roar sounded out and the black fog dissipated. The lower half of the fog was formed by a tiger while the upper half of the fog was formed by a human. The black fog was filled with an evil aura.

"Could this thing be one of the beasts in the Initial Thunder-creation Realm?" Chen Xiang was shocked, he carefully observed it through his illusory body.

Tigerman was battling with an old man. He was dressed in a green robe, and in the distance, there were a few old men dressed like that. Chen Xiang could tell that these people were Wood-creation Race’s people.

"You fellow from the Wood-creation Race! From the looks of it, he’s still quite strong. " Chen Xiang thought, for the time being, he did not know the identity of these Wood-creation Race people, but in terms of strength, they were definitely stronger than the rest.

When the old man in green saw the Tigerman flying towards him, he waved his sleeve and released a green light mist. The light mist flew out and turned into a green mist dragon, wrapping around the ferocious Tigerman.

Tigerman’s speed was originally very fast, but the green fog that the old man suddenly released seemed to have a very strong blocking force that stopped Tigerman and also wrapped Tigerman up.

"He’s just a mere Evil beast. He doesn’t pose any threat." The old man in green robe sneered and took out a huge hammer. He then smashed it down on Tigerman, who was surrounded by green mist.

The black sledgehammer struck down, producing a burst of green lightning. The violent Thunder power entered the Tigerman’s body, and then exploded the Tigerman’s body.

BOOM!

The tiger-man’s body exploded along with the Thunder power that had entered his body. A violent storm instantly appeared, bringing along a surge of thunder and lightning energy, along with a strong destructive force, and in an instant, hundreds of mountains were flattened.

"These Wood-creation Race fellows, how could their destructive power be so terrifying?" Chen Xiang was also shocked, this was the first time he saw Wood-creation Race’s men fight with his own eyes.

Tigerman was killed.

"Third Elder, your cultivation has advanced again." Another old man laughed.

"What? Compared to you, chief, I am nothing." The Third Elder smiled humbly.

"Third Bro, you’re too modest." One of the oldest old men said. From his tone, he should be the Great Elder.

"Alright, alright, we have to hurry up and travel. Fire-creation Race and the others are waiting for us! They have discovered Chu Jinfeng’s whereabouts. We need to hurry and regroup with them and capture Chu Jinfeng as soon as possible. " The Wood-creation Race leader said.

After that, the four elders hurriedly ran away and left.

Chen Xiang was stunned, the Wood-creation Race was actually going to cooperate with the Fire-creation Race to take Chu Jinfeng down!

Chen Xiang didn’t understand. Didn’t Chu Jinfeng hand over the Chuanghuo key? Logically speaking, they should have already made peace.

Chen Xiang could only follow along, he had originally come to look for the Wood-creation Race, but did not expect to find any clues about Chu Jinfeng, which made him a little surprised, he was now worried if the Fire-creation Race took Chu Jinfeng down.

"The chief is very strong, he won’t be taken down that easily." Chen Xiang told himself not to worry so much.

"It’s hard to say, but wasn’t he captured by a few old things from the God-creation Race last time?" Bai Youyou said: "But last time, it also gave him experience, and allowed him to react more easily this time."

Chen Xiang kept his distance from the four Wood-creation Race people in front of him, this was to prevent them from noticing him. In order to be a little closer, he released his spirit body to follow behind them, and could even eavesdrop on their conversation.

Chen Xiang followed them for a few days, after which they finally stopped to rest after running for a few days.

"If I didn’t use Six Realms mirrors to follow them, I wouldn’t even be able to take it. These old fellows’ speed is really scary." Chen Xiang could finally stop to catch his breath.

Through the illusions, he heard a few Wood-creation Race’s people talking. They hadn’t said a word for a few days, and were extremely vigilant while running.

"Why are these people from Fire-creation Race running further and further away!" The patriarch of the Wood-creation Race said as he took out a disk and looked at the dots on it.

"Could it be that Chu Jinfeng found out that the people from Fire-creation Race were following him, so he is running too?" An old man said.

"It’s extremely possible that this Chu Jinfeng is very smart! Moreover, he is not a pure-blooded human. There is a certain amount of beast blood in his body, and for him to be able to so readily hand over the Chuanghuo key, it means that he has a way out. Perhaps, he is very familiar with this Initial Thunder-creation Realm. "

"We have to continue to catch up! Those idiots from the Fire-creation Race cannot handle them. "

"Yes, we need to quickly kill Chu Jinfeng, if not the group of Alchemist who followed him back then would not hand over the pill formulas. The Super Yuan Dan Alliance s were all restricted by the blood contract."

The Alchemist got the World Defying Dan grain and a lot of pill formulas from Chu Jinfeng, and these pill formulas and pill patterns were what the various families wanted. It was just that the Alchemist’s people all had the Blood Contract, and wouldn’t hand over the pill formulas and pill patterns no matter what.

This way, the clans wouldn’t be able to completely control the Alchemist s.

The few old men from Wood-creation Race continued on their way.

Chen Xiang followed them and heard their conversation, he was even more shocked, Chu Jinfeng actually had such an history, he was truly the disciple of the Tao-creation Divine Lord.

"Alliance Master, don’t let anything happen to you!" Chen Xiang had to find Chu Jinfeng quickly and give him the Chuangyuan key. This way, Chu Jinfeng would not need to be afraid of this group.

The Initial Thunder-creation Realm was very big, much bigger than the Initial Evil-creation Realm. Furthermore, it contained an extremely dense amount of energy, and this energy came from somewhere above. Such a good world was actually abandoned here, and Chen Xiang found it hard to believe.

In the blink of an eye, more than ten days had passed. The people of the Wood-creation Race only rested once, and all of them rested for a short while. Chen Xiang followed them to a very hot region, which was filled with desert.