Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang could sense a very minute yet very familiar energy from the scorching aura.

"Time Space Divide!" Chen Xiang looked forward, and then, through the illusory body suspended in midair, he looked carefully, and discovered that in front of the desert, there was a very inconspicuous passage, a slightly twisted time and space gate.

There was a time space barrier, which meant that they were at the edge of Initial Thunder-creation Realm.

"To think that we’ve chased them all the way here. If we’re going over here, we’re going to enter the Origin Creation Fire Domain!" The patriarch of the Wood-creation Race said with a frown, "Chu Jinfeng went to the Essence Creation Fire Domain! Amongst the many Creation Regions, only the Initial Thunder-creation Realm and the Initial Thunder-creation Realm are good, but the Initial God-creation Realm is the homeland of our ancestors, so we cannot go there. "

"I wonder how is it going in the Creation Elemental Fire Domain?"

"Nothing, it’s most likely the same as the Initial Evil-creation Realm, it’s just that it’s hot, let’s go in!" We are at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, we will not die. "

As he spoke, these people entered the Space and Time Gate and the domain of elemental fire.

Chen Xiang was surprised in his heart. After waiting for a little while, he also entered the Domain of Creation Fire and quickly caught up with the people from Wood-creation Race.

"What the hell is Chief doing!?" Chen Xiang learned even more things from the patriarch of the Wood-creation Race. Amongst so many of the Creation Region, only the Initial Thunder-creation Realm and the Initial Thunder-creation Realm were good, the rest were already dead.

However, the Evil Realm was dead and gloomy, and here, not only was it dead and heavy, it was also very hot and hot. Streams of hot steam rose from the ground, and from time to time, waves of hot steam would surge forth, causing people to feel uncomfortable from the heat.

Wood-creation Race and the rest did not think much of it, but they had slowed down a lot. Maybe it was because they were unfamiliar with the place, so they needed to be on high alert.

Chen Xiang originally thought that the inside of the Blood Yuan Fire Domain would be as lifeless as the Initial Evil-creation Realm, but after following the few elders for a few days, he saw a large, verdant mountain. From afar, he saw at least tens of thousands of piles of mountains.

Seeing these mountains, Chen Xiang’s body couldn’t help but shiver, because the forms of these mountains were already layered with these structures, reminding him of the Tao-creation Ancient Place.

Tao-creation Ancient Place above Seven Mountains Divine Island were exactly like this!

When Little White Fox saw it in the You Yao Mountain Villa, he felt that it was very familiar.

"The Tao-creation Ancient Place might have been created based on this." Little White Fox said.

When the few Wood-creation Race’s people arrived and saw the numerous giant mountains, they were shocked as well. This was because this was different from what they had imagined, and these giant mountains that seemed to be full of life seemed out of place when compared to the Spirit Creation Fire Domain.

"They’re inside, and they’ve stopped." The patriarch of the Wood-creation Race took out a disk and said with a frown, "Let’s go in!"

Chen Xiang followed behind them and entered the forest as well. As they travelled, they went over mountain ridges and slowed down even further, so no one knew what was inside.

After entering the mountain for a few days, he began to rest. However, when he was resting, Chen Xiang suddenly heard a few roars from beasts, and then he felt the ground trembling.

"Monsters!" Chen Xiang was shocked as he looked into the distance.

At this time in the evening, the sun was shining down on a mountain side, illuminating the entire area. Smoke and dust were billowing, and stone was flying everywhere. The sounds of people running and trampling along were accompanied by a great earthquake.

Upon closer inspection, it was clear that there were many black beasts surging over the mountains. At this moment, they were like a flood that was pouring down from the mountains. Their roars reverberated throughout the mountains, causing people’s souls to tremble.

There were a lot of huge beasts, but when Chen Xiang looked carefully at the beasts floating in the air, he realized that they were all huge black boars the size of elephants.

What was terrifying was that there was a sharp horn on its forehead. This horn was like a light golden crystal, with one glance, one could tell that it was an extremely high quality Tao-creation Holy Crystal. This was equivalent to a very powerful Tao-creation Divine Weapon.

"Are they here for us?" Chen Xiang immediately used his penetrating power to hide deep underground and observed the situation above through the illusions.

The few elders of the Wood-creation Race were also frightened, they never thought that they would meet with such a situation.

"Hide on the ground." The patriarch of the Wood-creation Race used some unknown ability and drilled his way down to the ground. The other elders did the same.

Not long after, the gigantic crystal horned boar arrived, they were not here for Chen Xiang and the other few Wood-creation Race people, as though they wanted to escape from this mountain.

After four hours, it finally quieted down. Originally, the surrounding mountains had many evergreen ancient trees, but now, they were all pushed down by the wild boars and collapsed.

Chen Xiang felt that only by finding Chu Jinfeng would he know what was going on.

The few people from the Wood-creation Race did not know either. Their faces were filled with bewilderment and shock, because they did not expect that there would be so many ferocious beasts hidden in this kind of place.

After two days, Chen Xiang’s order badge suddenly lit up, meaning that Chu Jinfeng was close by.

"The alliance master’s command medallion is truly not simple. We were able to sense it when we arrived here." Chen Xiang rejoiced in his heart. He had the same reaction as Xia Changdong’s stone from before, so he guessed that all of these things came from the Domain of Creation.

After the order badge reacted, Chen Xiang did not need to follow the people from Wood-creation Race, he could go look for Chu Jinfeng by himself.

The direction that Chu Jinfeng was heading in was different from the direction that Wood-creation Race and the others were heading in.

Chen Xiang immediately made a decision and went to Chu Jinfeng’s place. Just like before, his body continued to fly forward like before.

After entering this mysterious mountain for a few days, they were considered safe. The group of wild boars they encountered before were quite scary.

Chen Xiang followed the order badge and searched for two days, before finally getting close to where Chu Jinfeng was. The order badge also had a lot of movements.

"It’s the chief!" Through the illusion, Chen Xiang saw Chu Jinfeng sitting on an array disc.

That formation plate was extremely ancient, as if it had been here for a long time. Chu Jinfeng sat on it with his eyes closed, meditating, and no one knew what he was doing.

Chen Xiang carefully observed his surroundings.

Around Chu Jinfeng, there were many huge beast bones stuck into the ground. These beast bones were sparkling and translucent, like the Holy Crystals of the Tao-creation, and they were even releasing waves of energy.

Chu Jinfeng seemed to be conducting some kind of ancient ceremony.

"Chief!" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission over through his illusory body. He did not get closer, nor did he understand the situation around him. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Chu Jinfeng heard Chen Xiang’s sound transmission and his brows only slightly trembled. He then replied, "Chen Xiang, why did you come here!" He couldn’t understand why Chen Xiang would always have a way to find him.

"Originally, I wanted to go get the Wood-creation Race, but on the way, I met the patriarchs of the Wood-creation Race. They said that they wanted to cooperate with the Fire-creation Race to take you down, and the Fire-creation Race had always been following you. Chen Xiang said.