Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

When Chu Jinfeng found out about this, his brows knitted together slightly. He did not seem to have expected that the people from the Fire-creation Race were following him.

"Alliance Head, what are you doing here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"This is my birthplace. I am here for the return ceremony." Chu Jinfeng said: "Are the Wood-creation Race and their people in the vicinity?"

"No, the people from Wood-creation Race thought that the Fire-creation Race had found you, so they followed the information from the Fire-creation Race. When I followed them here, I suddenly sensed that you were here, so I came to look for you." Chen Xiang never thought that Chu Jinfeng would actually have such a background.

"It’s good that they didn’t come here. After I finish this ceremony, I’ll go deal with them." Chu Jinfeng also let out a sigh of relief, "Chen Xiang, wait a little longer."

"Alliance Head, I met a large group of wild boars when I was coming here earlier ..." After Chen Xiang described the wild boars’s appearance to Chu Jinfeng, he asked: "What are the wild boars doing?"

"Chen Xiang, you are probably very curious about this mountain range! When you came in, you should have felt that it looked very similar to the Tao-creation Ancient Place. " Chu Jinfeng laughed: "This mountain range is actually the gathering place of an unknown race, which is my race, called Beast-creation Race!"

Beast-creation Race!

Chen Xiang suddenly realized something. He had thought it was weird before, that in the era of Myriad Tao, there were many different types of beasts, but not a single one of them were related to beasts.

"The existence of the Beast-creation Race is very strange. It’s different from the other Creation Race, and there aren’t any Chuangyuan key either." Chu Jinfeng continued to speak, "Beast-creation Race has always been hiding within the Domain of Creation Fire, and now that the Domain of Creation Fire is gone, this place has also become Beast-creation Race’s territory. Furthermore, in the near future, Beast-creation Race will even head to the Initial Thunder-creation Realm."

"Is the Beast-creation Race the strongest?" Chen Xiang thought of dragons, phoenixes and such divine beasts. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"It should be so. Because of this, there is a huge restriction that we can only stay in the Creation Region forever, and then, the Tao-creation Divine Lord will bring all kinds of creation beast souls to the Myriad Tao to reproduce in the era of the Myriad Tao." Chu Jinfeng sighed: "And I am a special existence that was born and bred in both Fire-creation Race and Beast-creation Race. When Tao-creation Divine Lord took a fancy to me, he immediately accepted me as his disciple.

"Alliance Master, Old Evil is dead. The entire Evil-creation Race is exterminated." Chen Xiang’s voice sounded a little dejected.

"This is the fate that a Evil-creation Race should have!" Chu Jinfeng let out a long sigh, he seemed to have some other understanding towards this clan.

"I keep having the feeling that the Evil-creation Race is not as evil as the rumors." Chen Xiang said: "And from what I know, Tao-creation Divine Lord and the others went to Most Ancient Era."

"Yes, they went to the Most Ancient Era and took everything." Chu Jinfeng’s tone was extremely melancholy, because the Tao-creation Divine Lord had also given up on him.

"Chen Xiang, the matters of the Evil-creation Race are very complicated, I don’t know how to explain it, and I don’t know much about the Evil-creation Race either." Chu Jinfeng brought up this matter, his tone heavy. "You must have experienced many things yourself, since you have enough experience to judge what’s right and wrong."

"Yes."

Chen Xiang did not know why Chu Jinfeng said all these, but he suddenly felt that it might involve the Tao-creation Divine Lord, and that the Tao-creation Divine Lord had done him a favor, so he did not want to say these things.

"I want to avenge the Old Evil." Chen Xiang said: "Their Chuangyuan key are all in my hands!"

"Chen Xiang, you are the luckiest person alive! Old Evil’s Evil dragon array should also be in your hands, and only you can suppress their Evil dragon array. " Chu Jinfeng laughed: "Take care of those seven Chuangyuan key s properly. If you collect the other two, you might be able to reach an unprecedented level! This is because even the Tao-creation Divine Lord did not possess this many Chuangyuan key at the same time. "

Chu Jinfeng knew a lot of things, he even knew about the Evil dragon array.

Chen Xiang also did not know how to use the Evil dragon array, because there was a Killing evil dragon inside. It looked relatively docile, but it was sealed inside the Evil dragon array, who knew what would happen if he let it out.

"Alliance Master, the patriarchs of Fire-creation Race and Wood-creation Race are here. There are a few strong ones beside them! I want to kill them. " Chen Xiang felt that this was a very good opportunity. Chu Jinfeng would definitely be able to help him.

"I’ll help you!" Chu Jinfeng said.

Suddenly, the gigantic beast bones around Chu Jinfeng started to flicker with different colours.

"It’s going to be a success!" Chu Jinfeng bellowed, he opened his eyes, and suddenly many red scales appeared all over his body.

Seeing those fiery-red scales, Chen Xiang felt that they were extremely familiar, those were the scales of the Fire unicorn.

Chu Jinfeng bellowed, and flames erupted from his body, followed by the roar of a Qilin. The surrounding area was covered by a sea of fire.

It was a good thing that Chen Xiang was quite a distance away from Chu Jinfeng, otherwise he would definitely have been burned to death.

"The chief has the blood of the Fire unicorn!" Chen Xiang really did not expect that Chu Jinfeng would suddenly turn into a gigantic and mighty Fire unicorn.

Chu Jinfeng completed the ceremony, he turned back into his human form, and then sucked the flames around him back.

Chen Xiang immediately ran over.

"Alliance Head, you’re really amazing!" Chen Xiang exclaimed and laughed.

"That reverse born little dragon of yours is powerful! That was formed from the fusion of Six beasts. " Chu Jinfeng shook his head and laughed: "This is an extremely rare sight. That Six beasts, is the strongest batch of our Beast-creation Race."

When Chu Jinfeng last saw it, he had already noticed it.

Chen Xiang only smiled slightly and did not say much. Red fire dragon was indeed his strongest power.

"Do you want to go to Most Ancient Era?" Chu Jinfeng said: "Most Ancient Era is not a good place, I have to tell you this first."

"Why? Isn’t that even older than the Myriad Tao? " Chen Xiang asked.

"If the Most Ancient Era was really good, then those First Tao-creation Ancestor would not have started the era. It’s just that in the end, the era lost control and they had no choice but to let the Most Ancient Era swallow the era." Chu Jinfeng said: "I’m not sure about the specifics of the Most Ancient Era, I know that it is definitely not a good place to go."

"Even so, I still have to go. There are people closest to me there." Chen Xiang sighed.

"You don’t have to worry, with your ability, you will definitely be able to defeat everything in that place." Chu Jinfeng put his hands on Chen Xiang’s shoulders and laughed: "Let’s go, I’ll go kill the ones from Fire-creation Race and that one from Wood-creation Race first!"

"Chief, this is for you!" Chen Xiang took out the Chuanghuo key and the Wood Creation Key.

"They are just a bunch of idiots. I never thought that the Chuangyuan key would end up in your hands." Chu Jinfeng looked at the two daggers and smiled: "With two items, dealing with them is simply too easy."

Chu Jinfeng quickly found the location of the Wood-creation Race and its people. He immediately rushed over, with Chen Xiang following behind him using his illusion.