Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Fire-creation Race and her group had already reunited. "..."

"The reason why Chu Jinfeng was lost to us was mainly because we encountered a strong savage beast on the way." The Fire-creation Race Elder was furious, "I wonder what kind of place is this to have such a powerful savage beast!"

Wood-creation Race looked ugly, they had come all the way here, for nothing!

"Don’t worry, Chu Jinfeng is definitely still inside. We can definitely find him." The Fire-creation Race Elder also felt very apologetic, his eyes dodging the light.

"Let’s just go back!" "This damned place is huge, and there are even so many powerful savage beasts hidden here. If we continue to linger here, it will be extremely dangerous." When the Wood-creation Race was on his way here, he encountered a horde of terrifying wild boar beasts.

"No!" He had to find Chu Jinfeng! As long as we capture this guy, we will be able to completely control those Alchemist s and maybe even force out some information from Chu Jinfeng’s mouth. " He felt that it would not be easy to come all the way here, and he had to leave empty-handed.

"Then, how do you think we should find Chu Jinfeng faster? This guy is very familiar with this place, so the terrain here is very advantageous for him. " Although the Wood-creation Race only encountered a beast tide, he still revered this place.

The Fire-creation Race Elder was very unwilling, "Then you guys can go back. We’ll stay here."

"Hmph, as you wish." After the Wood-creation Race leader finished speaking, he was about to bring his people and leave, but at this time, Chu Jinfeng flew over.

Seeing Chu Jinfeng suddenly fly up, Chen Xiang was secretly surprised, Flying mantra would not work in this place, and the reason why Chu Jinfeng could fly up here, was probably because he had recovered the power of the Fire unicorn.

When Chu Jinfeng suddenly appeared, the patriarchs of the two Creation Race s below immediately sensed Chu Jinfeng’s Qi.

All the way here, they had been running on the ground and were unable to fly. On the other hand, Chu Jinfeng was able to use some unknown ability.

"Seeing how pitiful your search for me is, I won’t hide it anymore." After Chu Jinfeng flew over, he laughed heartily: "What business do you have with me? Could it be to control those Alchemist s? I promised you that I would dissolve Super Yuan Dan Alliance and that Alchemist would be taken over by you. You are all truly greedy! "

Amongst so many Creation Race, only the Wood-creation Race and the Wood-creation Race came all the way here.

"Chu Jinfeng, we are very clear about what kind of trash you are! Hurry up and tell us, what the hell is this place? " When the Fire-creation Race saw Chu Jinfeng, he was extremely furious.

The main reason the Fire-creation Race came to this place was to seek revenge, because back then, Chu Jinfeng had infiltrated their Fire-creation Race and stole their Chuanghuo key, causing him to lose all face.

"What is this place?" "How could you not know that the ancestors really did not see you as people and did not tell you?" Chu Jinfeng mocked.

"Chu Jinfeng, didn’t Tao-creation Divine Lord abandon you by not taking you away? "How are you any better than we are?" The head of the Wood-creation Race sneered. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chu Jinfeng seemed to have been stabbed in his sore spot, and was silent for a while, but he still said while grinning: "Didn’t you guys want to know what kind of place this is? I’ll tell you. This is the territory of our Beast-creation Race! "

Beast-creation Race!

Hearing these three words, the Wood-creation Race Elder and the Wood-creation Race Elder trembled, their faces filled with fear!

"Impossible, the Beast-creation Race was killed a long time ago! You beasts, what virtue do you have to be on equal footing with us? You beasts were originally created by us. " The Wood-creation Race leader did not dare believe it.

"But we do exist! "Whatever, since you’ve traveled thousands of miles to come here, I will not treat you unfairly. I will send you all on your way."

As soon as Chu Jinfeng finished speaking, heat waves immediately surged in the air with overflowing power. The two Fire Qilin claws condensed from the two flames ruthlessly pressed down, as if they were two giant mountains!

Rumble rumble rumble!

In the blink of an eye, the two Qilin claws had already landed on the ground, creating a violent fire wave. The people of Wood-creation Race and Fire-creation Race were all submerged within it.

Chen Xiang watched this from his illusions and was shocked. The flames Chu Jinfeng had released just now seemed to be much stronger than his legendary dragon fire!

"Is it because he is at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank?" Chen Xiang did not know whether Chu Jinfeng’s cultivation had increased or not after he found his bloodline.

He did not know when Chu Jinfeng had suddenly disappeared, but he could sense that his presence was in the sea of fire below him.

Crash! *

The sea of fire suddenly roared, and a large wave of fire was torn apart. Waves of violent sparks burst out from the middle of the sea of fire, shooting in all directions, like a huge fireball, crazily smashing in all directions.

In the middle of the sea of flames, an intense battle had already broken out, and flames were constantly erupting below. Chen Xiang could only sense the situation below through his Qi.

Earlier, only the presence of the Wood-creation Race Elder and the Wood-creation Race Elder remained. The few people they had brought with them had all lost their presence;

"This Chu Jinfeng is actually so powerful now!" Chen Xiang still remembered the last time Chu Jinfeng was sealed in the Super Yuan Mountain Villa, he was in a very sorry state.

And now, even if he did not pass the Chuangyuan key s, he was still able to fight multiple Creation Race Rankers. This must be related to the Qilin bloodline that he had just obtained.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

A wave of air suddenly exploded out from the middle of the sea of fire, blowing it in all directions. The center of the sea of fire was completely burnt out.

Chen Xiang could finally see the situation below him clearly. He saw that the Elder and the Fire-creation Race Elder’s chests had been stabbed into with Chuangyuan key.

After being pierced by the Chuangyuan key, their bodies released a black Qi. The energy released by the Chuangyuan key entered their bodies, causing them to feel intense pain.

"Chuanghuo key... How did you get the Wood Creation Key? "

The Fire-creation Race and his face were filled with shock, because they had clearly sealed it away from the Old Evil, so no one should have been able to find that place!

But Chu Jinfeng had come!

"Chen Xiang!" Chu Jinfeng shouted: "Come here!"

Chen Xiang will go over immediately!

When the Wood-creation Race and the Fire-creation Race heard Chu Jinfeng calling Chen Xiang, they suddenly realized what had happened!

Chen Xiang had a Killing evil dragon, which meant that Chen Xiang had possibly found a Chuangxie key, and after that, he had worked with the Evil-creation Race to come to the Initial Evil-creation Realm!

"You have come for revenge!" Chu Jinfeng sighed.

Chen Xiang took out the Evil dragon array!

Seeing the Evil dragon array, the Wood-creation Race Elder and the Wood-creation Race Elder felt even more hopeless.

"Old Evil! I’ll send these two people to see you right now! " Chen Xiang’s face was expressionless as he used the Evil dragon array to stab into their respective Divine Sense Sea s.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

The two clan leaders howled in pain before turning into black mist and dissipating.