Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Chu Jinfeng returned the two Chuangyuan key back to Chen Xiang. The Chuangyuan key did not have much use to him, and was not something he could control! Especially the Chuangxie key!

The conditions to own Chuangxie key was extremely harsh, and required one to cultivate and produce Killing evil dragon. This was also the reason why Tao-creation Divine Lord was unable to gather all of the Chuangyuan key. Please search for ()! Fastest novel [how good] -. 79xs.

"Thank you for your help, Alliance Head!" Chen Xiang said.

"It’s nothing!" Chu Jinfeng laughed: "There are still a few left, you can handle it yourself!"

"No problem!" Of course, Chen Xiang wanted to get rid of those guys quickly, but he needed to strengthen himself first.

"Alliance Head, do you have any pill formulas here?" Something that can allow me to level up quickly in World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. " This was also one of the reasons Chen Xiang came to Chu Jinfeng.

"The Tai Yuan Legend Pill is the best pill formula in my possession!" Chu Jinfeng said: "The advancement of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank is extremely difficult. It’s already good enough for you to be able to step into the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank in such a short period of time."

"Chen Xiang, you should know that in many cases, there are no pills that can help a person cultivate and break through quickly ... At least it was like this before, only until your Peak dan appeared did this situation be broken! I believe that you will definitely be able to create a pill that can advance quickly in the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. "

Chen Xiang nodded his head, in fact, the Tai Yuan Legend Pellet that he modified was already very good, it was just that when refining it, he would need more Tao-creation Holy Crystals, it would cost tens of thousands of, and the refining time was also quite long.

"Chief, will you go out again in the future?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It can’t be!" I have to stay here for a period of time. This is the rule of my clan. " Chu Jinfeng shook his head: "Maybe Beast-creation Race will go to Most Ancient Era in the future!"

"I will go too!" Chen Xiang laughed. Read the full text of the latest chapter

"Hm!" "Then take care."

"Chief, goodbye!"

After Chen Xiang and Chu Jinfeng parted ways, they quickly left the place.

The fight between Chu Jinfeng and the two clan leaders just now had created a huge commotion. It would be safer for to leave as soon as possible.

After a long journey, Chen Xiang finally returned to the city outside the Wood-creation Race, where he was waiting for Xia Changdong.

The patriarchs of the Fire-creation Race and the Wood-creation Race had died, it was a huge matter here. It was just that Chen Xiang was unable to enter the city, so he did not know the exact details of the situation.

After waiting for a few days, it was finally Xia Changdong.

"Master, something big has happened to Fire-creation Race and Wood-creation Race." Xia Changdong said. He could guess something, but he never thought that it would happen so quickly.

"Does anyone know?" Chen Xiang asked in a low voice.

"All the big cities already know." Xia Changdong nodded.

Chen Xiang just nodded.

"Master, after you left earlier, I found out from the people in Thunder-creation Race and some of the people in the God-creation Race that they found a mysterious passage. I heard from them that this passage leads to the Most Ancient Era." Xia Changdong said: "I just don’t know if it’s true or not! They also said that only the progenitor’s bloodline could pass through this passageway. "

There were many mysteries within the domain. For example, why were Initial Thunder-creation Realm still here, while the others were still in a lifeless state. Also, where was the mysterious Initial God-creation Realm?

"Continue to pay more attention to the news of this technique." Chen Xiang said.

For the time being, he would not head to the Most Ancient Era. He had to avenge the Old Evil and then leave.

"Master, if you want to enter the city, I have a way to ’get’ your identity card." Xia Changdong said: "But Master, you may have to use your own methods."

"Tell me what solution you have!" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"As long as you have enough Tao-creation Divine Crystals, you can buy it! The price is around twenty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals. " Xia Changdong said: "If Master is willing to pay this sum of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, I can arrange for you to meet a person."

Twenty thousand Tao-creation Sacred Crystals was merely a small sum to Chen Xiang, so he was naturally very willing.

"Alright, immediately arrange it."

As long as he had an identity plate, he would be able to enter various big cities. This was rather convenient for Chen Xiang, as entering the city would allow him to obtain more information.

Xia Changdong had also changed his appearance. As long as he sealed the Red fire dragon and those Chuangyuan key, they would not be seen through.

The person who sold the identity badge was an old man. Chen Xiang haggled with him, and in the end, used thirty thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals to buy two identity plates, because he might have to change his identity in the future.

After that, Chen Xiang could happily enter the city of Wood-creation Race.

Although the patriarch of the Wood-creation Race was killed, the Wood-creation Race was still able to operate very well. This was because there were people who had been eyeing the patriarch and the few elders for a long time, and now that they were all dead, there would be people who would immediately replace them.

Those who had the ability to sit in those seats were naturally all extremely powerful, and no one was unconvinced of their strength.

In order to avoid suspicion, Xia Changdong would not meet Chen Xiang often after entering the city.

"I need to eat some Tai Yuan Legend Pills. I should be able to enter the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank." Chen Xiang felt that as long as he stepped into the late stage of the Legend Realm, he would be able to fight against the clan leaders at the peak of the Legend Realm.

Right now, Su Meiyao and the others had already passed the middle stage through the Tai Yuan Mythical Pellet.

Xiao Xianglin was currently modifying a new array disc and was able to teleport to the Most Ancient Era!

Although the city was bustling, everyone seemed to be worried. From time to time, there would be various rumors that the Initial Thunder-creation Realm was a very dangerous place.

Later, as time passed, everyone laughed off these rumors.

Chen Xiang had been in closed door cultivation for many years, and even after consuming fifty Tai Yuan Legend Pellets, he did not make a breakthrough. Fortunately, there was progress in his cultivation, he just did not expect to need to consume so many Tai Yuan Legendary Pellets, he probably still needed to eat another fifty or so.

Xiao Xianglin had already finished refining the Transmission array Plate, but Chen Xiang was not in a hurry to test it, because now was not the time to go to Most Ancient Era.

Just as he was about to go out for a breath of fresh air, there was a new rumor on the street that a large group of strong wild boar beasts had destroyed a city.

No one believed that it was true!

However, Chen Xiang believed that because he had seen those wild boars before, it was a few years ago!

"Maybe there is more than just this herd of wild boars. Could it be that there is some power controlling the wild boars to come here?" As Chen Xiang thought this, he immediately went to contact Xia Changdong.

He and Xia Changdong met in a small tavern. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"The wild boar herd is real." Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, I have confirmed, those wild boars are all very strong, they are all in the middle to late stage of World Defying Stage Divine Rank, or even at the peak." Xia Changdong said: "If it’s a small city, it’s impossible to defend against it. For a big city like this, there shouldn’t be a need to worry."

"Chang-Dong, what happened to the passage?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The passage to the Most Ancient Era? I investigated for a few years and confirmed that it was real. This is in the hands of the Thunder-creation Race, I found out from the disciples of the Thunder-creation Race that someone from the Most Ancient Era has come, and I don’t know what to talk about with him. " Xia Changdong was very curious about this.