Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

was very surprised that someone from Most Ancient Era could come, but he didn’t know if it was possible. He felt that there must be a limit to the passage. The people from the Most Ancient Era would not allow people from there to enter so easily. Fastest Fiction (Advertisement) - 79xs.

Chen Xiang wanted Xia Changdong to continue to pay attention to the passage. It would be best if he could find out what the people from the Most Ancient Era were doing.

"I need to continue my closed door cultivation." When Chen Xiang returned, he had to continue refining pills and eat. On the other hand, Xiao Xianglin had been learning the two Legendary mantra s for a long time!

It was mainly because she had learned the set of Legendary mantra s used to refine Paternoster soul stone, making it even more difficult to learn later on.

Chen Xiang entered the secret room. He did not know how long had passed, but just as he felt that he was about to break through, he was suddenly awoken by a loud noise. When he opened his eyes, a big sized man barged in and immediately caught him.

"What are you guys doing?" Chen Xiang asked coldly. Just now, Bai Youyou had told him that he had isolated himself for nearly five years.

"You don’t know? The monster hordes are crazily attacking the city, we have to send our soldiers out to kill the monster horde, you are too carefree hiding in the secret room. " The big man sneered.

The invasion of the beasts had actually forced the city into such a passive position.

Chen Xiang had already guessed that the herd coming for him was very scary.

The two people who came to capture Chen Xiang weren’t strong, they were just from the Late period of World Defying magic realm.

"Who do you think you are?" Chen Xiang bellowed and released the Legendary gas, scaring the two middle aged men to the point that they were trembling all over.

"Uncle, I’m sorry!"

A large man quickly knelt down.

"Who told you to arrest him?" I am cultivating in seclusion! " Chen Xiang said coldly with both his hands behind his back. There are almost all of them. They are much more stable than the average station and can be updated much faster. There are no advertisements in the entire text.] He felt that he would be able to achieve a breakthrough with just a few more pills, but he was disrupted by these fellows.

"We were sent by the Wood-creation Race!" A large man said with a trembling voice.

"You are disciples of the Wood-creation Race? It doesn’t look like it! " Chen Xiang did not sense any aura from their bodies.

"We are from a different clan from the Wood-creation Race. We only followed orders, we did not know that you were training here." Who would have thought that the people of the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank would be hiding in this middle class inn to train.

"I’ve been in closed-door training for years. What’s going on outside?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Right now, all the large cities have been attacked by the beasts, and only three cities have not been destroyed, namely the Wood-creation Race and the God-creation Race." The man said.

Chen Xiang had to admit that with so many races, even the Beast-creation Race was the strongest, able to destroy the city that quickly.

"Then wouldn’t a lot of people have died?" Chen Xiang said in shock. The Seven Great Sects had already built cities, but they were actually unable to defend it.

"Not really... Those hordes of beasts didn’t know what had happened. They had just destroyed the city, and didn’t kill anyone everywhere. If they are stopped, they will definitely be killed. " The big man said: "There are many beasts outside, Wood-creation Race wants us to capture them and fight with them."

"It’s impossible to win! Why did Wood-creation Race do this? " Chen Xiang asked.

"We don’t know either! In short, many people could not take it anymore, and they all ran out of the city. As long as there was a city or a group of beasts gathering together, they would be killed. Those beasts are too terrifying. "

Chen Xiang immediately jumped down from the window and headed towards the city wall. He saw that outside the thick and big city wall, there was an endless sea of beasts, all of them were gigantic black wolves.

The teeth of the black wolf were all crystal clear, they were all sharp teeth condensed from the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal!

The wolf pack advanced forward one after another, continuously charging into the array, like wave after wave of waves, waves after waves of attacks.

Chen Xiang stood on top of the city walls. Outside, there was basically some open space, and it was being covered by huge wolves that were like cows. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"What is the purpose of these beasts?" Is it just to destroy the city? " Suddenly, someone from Chen Xiang’s side was thrown down to the ground by the Wood-creation Race.

But strangely, as long as these people did not attack the wolves, the wolves would not attack them. They could escape through the wolves, and if they attacked the wolves, they would immediately be torn to shreds.

Chen Xiang had already taken out Xia Changdong’s stone just now and called him over. Xia Changdong would be in this city all year round.

"Master!" When Xia Changdong came to Chen Xiang’s back, the countless wolves outside felt a sense of despair as well.

"The cities of the Fire-creation Race were breached?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, it was broken by a group of tiger beasts." Xia Changdong sighed: "The Fire-creation Race is already in a mess!"

"Isn’t there a strong expert at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank?" Chen Xiang asked: "How was it broken?"

"The beast kings in the wolves are at this level, they can’t even beat them. After the Fire-creation Race was unable to defend the city and fled, the villas hidden deep in the mountains were also destroyed." The group of people that Xia Changdong had thrown down said: "Master, let’s leave this city! Once you get down, you can escape without even fighting! They all went to the city of Thunder-creation Race, and only that city has not been attacked. "

"Alright, let’s go to that city." Chen Xiang nodded at Xia Changdong: "Jump down!"

After Chen Xiang and Xia Changdong jumped down, they pushed their way through the giant wolves one by one. They wanted to pass through the wolves, but the wolves didn’t attack them.

"Why is the Thunder-creation Race not surrounded by a horde of beasts?" Chen Xiang felt that this matter was not simple.

"This is also strange for many people, because there were a few hordes of beasts that passed by that city, but no one attacked them." Xia Changdong said: "Thunder-creation Race is starting the bidding right now, we need a large amount of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals to enter the city, we should go first, there are a lot of people gathering outside the city walls."

Chen Xiang felt that the Thunder-creation Race must have grasped something, and was also the first person who opened the Initial Thunder-creation Realm.

"How is the passage to Most Ancient Era?" Chen Xiang asked.

Because of the herd of beasts, it was difficult for me to gather any information. I only knew that the Thunder-creation Race took in a portion of the people from the Creation Race, but they only wanted the strongest batch, and didn’t want anything else. Xia Changdong said: "And people like me are people who have been abandoned! At this time, the dozens of strong experts of the Fire-creation Race were all in the city of the Thunder-creation Race. "

Chen Xiang and Xia Changdong ran frantically for half a day before they finally arrived at the city. Outside the city walls, there were many people building houses, so this place was temporarily safe.

On the way there, Chen Xiang and his group met many lonely wild beasts. Those wild beasts had the same characteristics, their teeth and claws were all condensed from the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals. These wild beasts would take the initiative to attack them, but were all killed by Chen Xiang in an instant.