Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

This city that was built by the Thunder-creation Race did not have any beasts that would approach it. This made people feel that it was strange, as though the city was protected by some mysterious power, causing the beasts to not dare to approach it.

"Long Winter, there are quite a few people gathered outside this city. Some people seem to have been here for a long time." Chen Xiang could see that someone was building a house here, so these people must be planning to stay for a long time.

"These people are not good at living in the wild and do not want to live in that kind of life. Now that it has become a small city, as long as they can still live here, they will not run around." Xia Changdong said: "Master, do you want to go in? As long as you do not reveal your original identity, with your strength, they will definitely let you in. "

"I’m not going in for now." Chen Xiang looked at the high walls, and it looked like a huge cage. He did not know why he had such a feeling.

There were over a million people outside the Thunder City. After all, after the other cities had been destroyed, those who did not want to wander around had all come here.

Before, someone had shouted, "The beasts are coming!" It scared many people into running away. Later on, it was just a prank by one person, but that person got beaten up by everyone. Nothing like this ever happened again.

After Chen Xiang and Xia Changdong walked around the city, they found out that the city of Wood-creation Race had collapsed. The pack of wolves had broken through the city walls and entered the city.

"The Wood-creation Race can’t hold on any longer. It seems like the higher ups of their clan have long been inside the Thunder City." Xia Changdong said: "Just what power does Thunder-creation Race and the rest have that they can not be attacked by a horde of beasts!"

Chen Xiang believed that these beasts must be related to the Beast-creation Race. The reason why this city was not attacked was because of some agreement between the Thunder-creation Race and himself.

"The Thunder-creation Race has a passage that leads to the Most Ancient Era. This is already mysterious enough, and now, I can avoid being attacked by wild beasts." Chen Xiang said in a low voice: "We can see that there is definitely a mysterious and powerful force backing Thunder-creation Race."

"Master, are you trying to find a way to enter?" Xia Changdong said that Chen Xiang had said before that he would enter.

"NO!" I did think of that before, but now I don’t, because I feel there’s something wrong with it. " Chen Xiang shook his head, he had only felt that way after coming here.

He didn’t know why, but when he sensed the aura that was being released from the city, he felt a sense of disgust. At the same time, this feeling of disgust made him feel very uncomfortable, so the moment he came here, he gave up on the idea of going in.

Chen Xiang was deep in his thoughts, thinking about the matters of the Thunder-creation Race, when he suddenly heard someone shouting "The beasts are coming".

Chen Xiang and Xia Changdong immediately looked towards the distance, and saw a pitch black beast running towards them.

The savage beast wasn’t small, and it looked extremely bizarre as well. It looked like a gigantic snake, but it had numerous legs similar to a centipede. Furthermore, its legs resembled dragon claws. He was covered in black armor, and his head looked like a centipede.

"This should be a centipede with a bit of the bloodline of a dragon in its body. That’s why it became like this." Chen Xiang said: "Seems like this savage beast is not in a herd. These lone savage beasts are all very aggressive."

Chen Xiang and Xia Changdong encountered this kind of beast on their way here.

"Master, the aura of this savage beast is very strong. Look at the Legendary gas that he spat out, it seems that it is about to condense. This is a savage beast that is close to the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank." Xia Changdong’s voice carried a trace of fear.

Many people had already escaped. From afar, they could sense how fearsome this savage beast was.

The Centipede Dragon soon arrived. Chen Xiang originally wanted to leave, but he found that the Centipede Dragon’s ferocious head was biting towards a child who was a few years old.

As long as he encountered something like this, he wouldn’t stand idly by and watch.

Chen Xiang had already flown over. Eating Heavenly magic sword s, using Legendary gas s, he condensed a layer of ice on the surface of the Heavenly magic sword and then chopped at the centipede dragon.

The centipede dragon was not an ordinary dragon either. Sensing that there was danger, it immediately dodged. However, Chen Xiang still slashed open its claws.

Xia Changdong was right behind Chen Xiang just now. He quickly took the child away and returned it to his parents’ side. Then, he watched from afar, powerless to interfere in this kind of battle.

After a few claws were chopped off by Chen Xiang, the centipede dragon spurted out a mouthful of black blood.

Chen Xiang immediately sent a sound transmission to Xia Changdong, telling him to stay far away from this place, because the centipede dragon’s poison was not weak.

"The poison of this beast is quite simple." The Centipede Dragon ferociously swung its tail at him. That tail was extremely sharp, and it flew towards Chen Xiang ruthlessly, and it even released a black aura that carried a poison.

"Idiot, did you send it for me to chop?" Chen Xiang immediately merged the Six Realms mirrors into the Heavenly magic sword, and then released his own Legendary gas to its limits. After completing all of these in an instant, he ruthlessly slashed at the black, disgusting tail that was swung at him.

With a whoosh, that tail was cut off like tofu by Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword. Black blood gushed out like a gushing spring and the black evil aura spread out, enveloping Chen Xiang within.

Although Chen Xiang was shrouded by the black poison aura, he did not have the poison aura, so his resistance to it was still very strong.

After the centipede dragon’s tail was chopped off, it began to writhe crazily on the ground in pain. The furious Centipede Dragon pounced towards Chen Xiang and tried to use its huge mouth to tear Chen Xiang apart.

Many of the people who saw it from the distance were terrified, thinking that Chen Xiang was done for, since Chen Xiang was previously enveloped by the poison mist.

Chen Xiang was not poisoned, although the centipede dragon’s pounce was fast, it was dodged by Chen Xiang.

Swish! Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

After Chen Xiang dodged to the side, his sword landed on the centipede dragon’s neck and was cut off by its head. Then, he thrusted out his sword several times and easily sliced the centipede dragon into eight pieces.

Chen Xiang took out a black crystal from the centipede dragon’s body. He felt that this should be the poison sac of the centipede dragon, and it could be considered a rather useful thing.

"Beautiful!" A handsome blue-robed man on top of the city wall clapped his hands and jumped down.

Chen Xiang’s battle just now was witnessed by many people, especially those who were watching from above the city walls. Those people all came from famous families, and they seemed to know that a centipede dragon was coming, which made Chen Xiang feel weird.

"Big brother, you’re so awesome. Thank you for saving me." The little boy from before ran over and said.

"There’s no need to be courteous. You must become stronger in the future and behead demons and exterminate devils." Chen Xiang smiled and patted the little boy’s head.

The blue clothed man laughed disdainfully, "This kind of small fry will at most become an old fry. How strong can it become?"