Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang frowned. Even though the blue-clothed man had been very appreciative of him earlier, his words were extremely arrogant, causing one to feel disgusted with him. Towards such a person, Chen Xiang basically did not want to bother with him. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang merely looked at the blue-clothed man, then turned and left.

"Wait!" The blue clothed man shouted, his tone carrying a trace of coldness, as if he was angry because Chen Xiang was so indifferent to him.

"What is it?" Chen Xiang asked. He secretly tried to sense the aura of the blue clothed man and actually discovered that he was at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

He was suspecting whether this person was someone from the Creation Race!

"I think you are also a World Defying Stage Legendary Rank Cultivator! I welcome you to Thunder City. " The blue-clothed man said, "But after you enter, you must be my subordinate."

"Oh!"

Chen Xiang very casually replied. He wanted to go, and be someone’s subordinate? Chen Xiang would not do such a foolish thing, from the man’s tone, it could be seen how much work it would take to be his subordinate.

"How dare you!" A middle-aged man also jumped down from the city wall and shouted angrily at Chen Xiang, "Master only wants you to be his subordinate.

"I’m not in the habit of being someone else’s subordinate." Chen Xiang replied, "I don’t want to enter the Thunder City either."

Chen Xiang responded indifferently. But just as he was about to leave, he was stopped by the middle-aged man.

"If you don’t want to do it, then so be it. Today, no matter what, you will become my master’s subordinate." The middle aged man was extremely arrogant, clenching his fists, as though he wanted to fight a big fight with Chen Xiang.

The blue clothed man’s expression became gloomy, because no one had ever dared to refuse him like this, or to disregard him like this before.

The man on the wall whispered, "What the hell is going on with this guy? Young Master Fang is a disciple of the Thunder-creation Sacred Race, and Thunder-creation Sacred Race is from there, his strength is unfathomable. Before long, they will bring the Thunder-creation Race here to the Most Ancient Era, and they will become Young Master Fang’s subordinates.

"That’s right! Even if this guy doesn’t know who Young Master Fang is, he should at least know his strength! Despite being so young, you’re already so powerful. Even the clan leaders of various clans felt admiration for you. "

"This kid is in trouble, he’s going to suffer a lot."

Chen Xiang heard their conversation and was surprised in his heart. This Young Master Fang actually came from such a background, and he came from some Thunder-creation Sacred Race!

The Thunder-creation Sacred Race must be related to the Thunder-creation Race, otherwise he would not be cared for so much.

"Brat, I’ll give you another chance!" He had addressed Master Fang as Master, and was obviously a servant.

"Give me ten more chances, and I’ll still be the same. I won’t be someone else’s subordinate." Chen Xiang’s attitude was firm. Just as he finished speaking, the middle aged man threw a palm attack over.

The middle-aged man was also very strong. The moment he waved his hand, the ground began to shake violently. Thunder and lightning flashed from his palm, and when he pressed his palm down, it was as if thunder and lightning were crashing down from the heavens.

Such a powerful person could actually be a servant! Everyone was shocked. From this, it could be seen that Young Master Fang was much stronger!

The instant the middle-aged man struck out, Chen Xiang was also slightly shocked. Against such a ferocious attack, he did not show any signs of weakness. He immediately split up and hid his two clones inside the Divine Sense Sea, then had the two clones emit a powerful pressure afterwards.

The pressure formed by the Pressure mantra was very strong as well. It was like an invisible wave was rushing towards his face, causing the huge palm of lightning that was pressing down to fly backwards.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The pressure pushed the big middle-aged man back more than ten steps before it suddenly exploded, causing the large middle-aged man to spit out a mouthful of blood.

The crowd was even more shocked. Chen Xiang had actually beaten up such a powerful person to the point of spitting blood, and no one noticed what had happened just now!

The strong pressure released by Chen Xiang seemed to be soundless and hard to detect.

Young Master Fang was watching from behind. When he felt the pressure, his pupils constricted and a look of shock appeared on his face. He saw with his own eyes that the middle-aged servant had been injured, and was even more astonished.

"Hmph, you’ve injured my servant, the consequences will be very serious." Young Master Fang finally made his move, he instantly appeared behind Chen Xiang and swatted down at Chen Xiang with his palm at an extremely fast speed that Chen Xiang had no time to block.

Young Master Fang’s palm seemed to have no aura, it was not as shocking as the middle-aged servant’s palm, but the speed of the palm was extremely fast. When it struck Chen Xiang’s back, a loud "boom" sound was heard, the electric light exploded and Chen Xiang was sent flying right back, colliding against the barrier on the city wall.

The impact caused the entire city to tremble, and Chen Xiang’s body was drenched in blood, his skin torn apart!

Young Master Fang’s palm strike had left everyone dumbfounded and almost suffocated from fear!

This was the peak of the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank! Chen Xiang had experienced it now, being able to heavily injure him with just one palm.

In a flash, Master Fang appeared beside the little boy Chen Xiang had just saved. He grabbed the little boy and said with a cold smile, "I’ll give you three months to recuperate from your injuries, then come back here and respectfully follow me ... If you do not come, that is fine too. I will hang this little demon’s corpse above the city gate! "

Chen Xiang struggled to get up from the ground. His eyes were bloodshot, but his gaze was extremely calm and emotionless. The Red fire dragon, on the other hand, was trembling slightly.

"I’ll be back in three months." Chen Xiang clenched his fists and coldly said. Then, he quickly ran away, distancing himself from Thunder City in an instant.

Young Master Fang brought the little boy and jumped onto the city wall. Everyone was only discussing and waiting for Chen Xiang to come back after three months.

Xia Changdong originally wanted to follow them, but he still felt that it would be better if he stayed behind.

Chen Xiang was heavily injured, although Young Master Fang’s palm was very strong, he was not afraid, he felt that if he were to use it on a late stage World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he would not need to be afraid of that Young Master Fang.

"I almost made my move just now!" Chen Xiang hid inside a cave far away from Thunder City.

"You should be very clear that even if you use all your strength, you still won’t be a match for that guy." Xiao Xianglin said.

"So I restrained myself!" Chen Xiang said: "There are still many powerful people on the walls, even if I let my Red fire dragon out and defeat Young Master Fang, it will still be difficult for me to escape, I will definitely be surrounded and attacked by them, I don’t need to use my Time and space power here."

You are about to step into the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. Is three months enough time? " Xiao Xianglin said.

"Enough!" Chen Xiang was very sure.