Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had almost broken through before, he only needed to heal his injuries quickly, and then start to refine the Primordial Legendary Pill. He would be able to breakthrough after taking a few more pills.

Soon, three months had passed, and there were more and more people outside the city. Even though they had been attacked by a few powerful savage beasts, they had all been taken care of by them in the end.

Chen Xiang had suspected before that those beasts that attacked them from time to time might have been obtained by Young Master Fang. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be watching them like they were watching a show.

This world was very cruel. In the face of absolute power, life was very lowly! Chen Xiang had already seen through it, but he would definitely not stand by and do nothing when something like this happened.

What’s more, it even involved him!

The little boy was taken away to threaten him, and Young Master Fang was even trying to force him to be a servant! Threatening him, forcing him, these were all things that he hated the most, yet Master Fang had done these two things to him at the same time.

... ....

After Chen Xiang made a breakthrough, he quietly arrived at the outskirts of the Thunder City and found Xia Changdong.

Xia Changdong had been waiting for Chen Xiang here for a long time, he was still worried that Chen Xiang would not return.

Everyone felt that if Chen Xiang came back, he must have come back to save the little boy. If he didn’t come back, no one would blame him.

And the biggest reason Chen Xiang came back was not only to save the little boy, but also to punish Young Master Fang for the dignity he had trampled on and for looking down on the people.

"Master, I’ve heard quite a lot about Young Master Fang." Master, I’ve heard quite a lot about Young Master Fang. Xia Changdong said: "They seem to have the ability to control the herd!"

"Tell me what you found out." Chen Xiang said, he already knew what kind of Thunder-creation Sacred Race Young Master Fang was.

"Young Master Fang has taken control of this city!" He came here from the Most Ancient Era for an important mission, which was to search for the Chuangyuan key. " Xia Changdong said in a low voice: "But those Chuangyuan key were all thrown away by the patriarchs of the various families. In order to not mutually threaten them, they abandoned the seal on the Chuangyuan key." Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Chen Xiang was very clear about this matter, because the Chuangyuan key that the patriarch threw away were all with him, he got them from the Old Evil.

"Now, all the different clans have gone to the Initial Evil-creation Realm to look for the Chuangyuan key ... The only way they can go to Most Ancient Era is to find a Chuangyuan key. "

From what Xia Changdong heard, he understood why Miracle Thunder City accepted dozens of experts from the various Creation Race s. It was to let them search for Chuangyuan key.

Chen Xiang snickered in his heart. The old fellows of the Creation Race would never be able to find the Chuangyuan key on him, so they wouldn’t have any clues either.

Chen Xiang wanted to save the little boy early so that he could get rid of Young Master Fang.

"The battle with Young Master Fang will be a bitter battle." Xiao Xianglin said: "Do you have enough confidence to defeat him?"

"If I do not care about his strength, I will borrow the power of the Red fire dragon. If the Red fire dragon is not powerful enough, I can only use the Chuangyuan key. Chen Xiang said.

"That’s good." Xiao Xianglin said.

It was day. Chen Xiang wanted to show himself, but a shadow appeared far away and many people started shouting out loud, "The savage beasts are here! The savage beasts are here!

A flying savage beast was a terrifying sight to behold. This was because they had never known that there would be a flying savage beast here.

There were already many people on the city walls. They were the ones who came to watch the bloody battles earlier. They had already sensed the aura of a savage beast from the city.

The object flying over was shrouded by a mass of black gas. His appearance could not be seen clearly, but his aura was extremely terrifying.

Many people were panicking, but Chen Xiang was still apprehensive, because that aura was very similar to the Killing evil dragon’s, yet not at all like that of a Killing evil dragon.

"What could it be?" Chen Xiang frowned as he looked at the flying object.

There were three Killing evil dragon. He could cultivate one of them himself, and it had already turned into a Red fire dragon. One of them was when the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor was cultivated and sealed on the Seven Mountains Divine Island. After the Seven Mountains Divine Island exploded, the injured Killing evil dragon was swallowed by the Red fire dragon, and the other one was from the Old Evil. These three Killing evil dragon were all with him.

Other than him, was very curious about the other people who had managed to cultivate Killing evil dragon.

Master Fang and the others stood on the city wall, staring at the mass of black Qi with serious expressions.

Suddenly, the black gas exploded and a whistling sound rang out. A huge black bird flapped its wings and glided over.

Chen Xiang was very familiar with the shape of this giant bird. It was only black, and was filled with Evil Qi. Other than that, the Evil Phoenix’s entire body was sparkling, its surface seemed to be covered with a layer of black crystal.

Chen Xiang looked carefully and discovered that on the Phoenix’s back, there was a beautiful woman. Her face was gloomy and angry as she looked at the city.

"Big Sister Yun!" Chen Xiang immediately understood.

Jing Yun’er this Tao-creation crystal mother did not cultivate a Killing evil dragon inside the Initial Evil-creation Realm, but she did cultivate a killing evil phoenix.

The killing aura of the Evil Phoenix seemed to be as powerful as that of the Killing evil dragon, causing one to feel a wave of despair surging through one’s heart.

"You bastards, disturb my cultivation in Initial Evil-creation Realm!" Jing Yun’er shouted angrily, the killing evil phoenix roared angrily, its wings flapping, releasing a black evil flame, it rushed towards the people on the city wall.

The City of Thunder was protected by a very strong barrier. Although Jing Yun’er’s flames were very strong, they were unable to break through the barrier in a short period of time.

"Who are you?" Young Master Fang didn’t seem worried at all.

"When your ancestor sees your mother, he has to call you ’aunt’! How could a little turtle like you casually ask about my identity? " Jing Yun’er scolded angrily: "Hurry up and come out, hiding inside the barrier is nothing."

Young Master Fang was scolded, he was furious, but he could not flare up because he did not dare to do anything to Jing Yun’er. If he came out, he would be dead for sure.

Jing Yun’er was someone at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and now that she had cultivated and killed the Evil Phoenix, her strength had increased by leaps and bounds. It was difficult to find opponents at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and to deal with her, one could only rely on the combined forces of multiple experts.

"Big sister Yun, I’m Chen Xiang. The little turtle that was talking to you just now is my enemy. You should withdraw first, I want to settle this with him." Chen Xiang anxiously transmitted to Jing Yun’er.

"Alright!" Jing Yun’er was extremely polite to Chen Xiang and immediately agreed, but she still scolded him loudly before leaving.

Chen Xiang originally wanted to make it in advance, but when Jing Yun’er came, he made everyone feel anxious, and he waited for two days before he appeared.

"I’m here, what about the little boy? I’ll let you go! " Chen Xiang stood at the bottom of the city gate and shouted.