Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Young Master Fang was on top of the city wall, and he had not seen Jing Yun’er for the past two days, so he was more at ease.

Young Master Fang grabbed the little boy and jumped down from the city wall, then threw the little boy back to Chen Xiang.

The little boy’s parents had arrived long ago. After Chen Xiang handed the little boy to the couple, he asked them to quickly leave the place.

"Don’t worry, you definitely won’t regret being my subordinate." Young Master Fang smiled, seemingly very pleased with himself, because he felt that he had conquered a very good person.

"I didn’t say I was going to be your subordinate." Chen Xiang said indifferently.

The people on the city wall were stunned. It was already this far, yet they still dared to be so bold!

Who didn’t know of Young Master Fang’s strength? Furthermore, Chen Xiang had personally experienced it before, and still rejected Young Master Fang’s offer.

"Are you sure?" Young Master Fang was infuriated, and his voice was grim. He felt as if he had been tricked.

"Who do you think you are? I will be your subordinate? Even if you were my subordinate, I still wouldn’t necessarily think much of you! " Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "The black phoenix that came here two days ago was much stronger than you. At that time, you were so scared that you didn’t dare to come out.

Chen Xiang was confident in his own strength, so he was not afraid of Young Master Fang.

"Since that’s the case, I won’t give you another chance this time!" You don’t have to worry about being killed by me, I definitely wouldn’t kill someone like you. It would be too easy for you to die just like that. " Just as he said that, Young Master Fang had already flashed behind Chen Xiang, and just like last time, he sent a palm strike towards Chen Xiang.

The power of this palm strike was just as strong as the previous one, so Chen Xiang could sense this power even more clearly now. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Last time, because Young Master Fang’s speed had been too fast, Fang Xingjian had been unable to react in time. This time around, not only had he been prepared, but his cultivation had also increased by a level, and his powers had also increased significantly.

Young Master Fang was as fast as ever this time. His palm strike was terrifying.

Bang!

Young Master Fang smacked Chen Xiang’s back with his palm and pushed hard at the same time, but this time, he did not send Chen Xiang flying as easily as last time. Instead, he felt an extremely berserk pressure rushing back towards him, pushing the lightning which he sent flying back into his arms.

Although he could not see it, the pressure that Chen Xiang instantly released was extremely strong. It was released and fused with his other two clones, sending Young Master Fang flying backwards.

Young Master Fang was shocked. It had only been three months, but Chen Xiang’s strength had increased by so much!

"I do not know who you are, but if you threaten me, you will be punished by me." Chen Xiang’s face was cold, this time it was his turn to attack. When he rushed over, he released a pressure domain that enveloped Young Master Fang.

The pressure field was gradually shrinking, as it could make the battle range smaller so that Chen Xiang could unleash stronger attacks.

"So that’s how it is. You were previously at the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, but now that you have reached the late stage, it’s no wonder you have the confidence to resist me ... Haha, you are only at the late stage, while I am at the peak! You are still nothing in my eyes. " Although the pressure was very strong, he was not afraid at all.

The people on the city wall also burst into laughter.

"I thought that he would be able to defeat Young Master Fang by stepping into the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"Young Master Fang is from the Thunder-creation Sacred Race, and even the clan leader of the Thunder-creation Race is not his opponent! But this boy actually thinks that he has such strength. This is truly wishful thinking. "

"Young Master Fang, this kind of idiot will only embarrass you by being your subordinate. Kill him."

Young Master Fang’s face was full of mockery as he looked at Chen Xiang, "You overestimating yourself.

"I just refused to be your subordinate, and you hurt me and took an innocent child to threaten me! Even if I die, I will never be a subordinate of an animal like you! "Also, a self-righteous person like you usually doesn’t live very long." Chen Xiang sneered, facing everyone’s ridicule, he pretended to not hear anything.

"Forget it, let me tell you again, within the Most Ancient Era, the Creation Race is still a very powerful force, and I am the son of the Battle God of Saints. Even though I am in the Most Ancient Era, many reputable people still have to treat me with respect, but you actually dare to be rude to me! If it was in Most Ancient Era, there would definitely be a large group of people fighting to help me teach you a lesson. "

Young Master Fang was also furious. Someone was actually scolding him as an animal.

"There must be something wrong with their brains! They must be a bunch of poor, pathetic weaklings, to be so courteous to a brute like you. " Chen Xiang laughed loudly.

The people on the city wall were furious because they felt that they had been scolded as well. They shouted out loud and told Young Master Fang to kill Chen Xiang.

Young Master Fang really wanted Chen Xiang to be his subordinate, because when he hit Chen Xiang with that palm just now, he felt the pressure that was emitted from Chen Xiang’s body and knew that the power would be comparable to the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

But Chen Xiang repeatedly called him an animal, this made him unable to endure it.

Young Master Fang’s hands were flashing with lightning, and although no aura was released from the condensed power, it was enough to cause the earth to tremble violently.

Chen Xiang summoned his Heavenly magic sword!

During these three months, the Heavenly magic sword had been refined by Xiao Xianglin. Xiao Xianglin used a special and ingenious method to fuse those Chuangyuan key and Heavenly magic sword together!

Chen Xiang initially did not plan to use it, because he was a little worried that he would expose the Chuangyuan key’s Qi. But now that Young Master Fang had suddenly erupted with such a terrifying power, he fearfully decided to use the Chuangyuan key!

"Let me show you the true strength of a peak World Defying Stage Legendary Rank!" Young Master Fang shouted as he struck towards Chen Xiang with his palm. After a flash of electric light, it turned into a spear and pierced towards Chen Xiang, ripping apart the surrounding space.

The pressure domain released by Chen Xiang crumbled immediately after the longspear lasted for a while!

"So powerful!" After the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, Legendary gas can be released and can transform into all kinds of shapes, weapons, or beasts.

The ground beneath Chen Xiang’s feet shook even more violently, and many cracks appeared instantly.

When the long spear pierced towards him, Chen Xiang decisively waved his sword to slash at it.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

When Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword struck the spear, a burst of violent lightning and thunder was released, but it was actually broken by Chen Xiang!

Young Master Fang was shocked. He was very confident in his own power, it was at the peak of the Legendary gas, after releasing it, it would transform into an extremely powerful Divine Weapon. Not only was it sharp, it was also strong as well.

In the end, Young Master Fang possesses the Creation Race’s bloodline, so the power he releases will be suppressed by the Chuangyuan key!