Without giving Young Master Fang time to think, Chen Xiang stepped forward mysteriously and instantly arrived beside Young Master Fang. The sword of the Heavenly magic sword shot out like a rainbow, striking towards Young Master Fang.

"Humph!" Young Master Fang’s face hardened. He actually used his hand to grab it, but his palm suddenly turned into a dragon claw. The Legendary gas on the claw was very thick, it should be a claw made from releasing Legendary gas.

At the peak of the legendary realm, one would be able to transform into various forms after using Legendary gas.

Young Master Fang directly grabbed at Chen Xiang’s sword that was slashing rapidly and ruthlessly towards him. He had used this move before to grab onto many Divine Soldiers and break them in half!

But this time, he did not succeed. Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword was extremely sharp, and directly slashed at Master Fang’s palm. A large portion of his shoulder had also been cut by Chen Xiang.

"You ..." Young Master Fang’s face was filled with fear. When the Heavenly magic sword had chopped at his palm earlier, he could already feel the strength of the Chuangyuan key.

The Chuangyuan key could deal fatal damage to Creation Race like them. He immediately understood that the long spear he had just released would be easily broken by Chen Xiang!

After Young Master Fang realized the Chuangyuan key’s power, the first thing he did was to ask for help.

Chen Xiang did not even give him a chance, he opened his mouth and roared, using the power of the sound wave Incantation, the sound waves produced were extremely strong, a sharp voice rushed into everyone’s ears, they were unable to hear what Young Master Fang was saying.

As Chen Xiang continued to shout, he slashed out with his sword. Through the sword Qi released by the Heavenly magic sword, he could break through Young Master Fang’s defenses.

Within a few moves, Young Master Fang’s body was covered with numerous sword scars.

"Do you still want me to be your servant? Dream on! " Chen Xiang roared, he released a wave of Bone-melting magic power from his Heavenly magic sword and struck Young Master Fang’s chest, causing him to fly out. At the same time, he was also dissolving the bones in Young Master Fang’s body.

The spectators on the city wall had already realized that something was wrong. Some people jumped down from the city wall one after another.

Then, just as they jumped down, Chen Xiang released a lot of pressure and rushed towards Young Master Fang’s body that did not have Bones!

Everyone watched on helplessly as Young Master Fang was crushed to pieces, turning into a ball of fire that scattered in all directions.

The powerful Young Master Fang had been killed just like that!

From afar, Xia Changdong saw what was happening, and his body couldn’t help but shiver. This Young Master Fang was sent here on an important mission by the Thunder-creation Sacred Race, but he was actually killed.

"Beautiful!" Jing Yun’er suddenly flew over from afar, and started to giggle: "Let me train with this group of trash!"

Jing Yun’er’s appearance caused the group of people who had jumped down to be struck by fear once again. Young Master Fang being killed by Chen Xiang made them feel afraid.

And now, a female devil had suddenly appeared!

It would be impossible for them to return to the car, and only Young Master Fang could control the formation plate.

After Jing Yun’er appeared, the feathers formed from black crystals on her Evil Phoenix Slaughterer’s body fell off one after another, like countless black daggers, she flew down at a very fast speed. In just a short moment, these countless short dagger-like feathers pierced through the bodies of the group of people dozens of times, slicing them into pieces.

Even Chen Xiang felt his scalp go numb! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This group of Creation Race who were always watching the show from the city wall were all powerful and of noble status, but now, they had become a pile of mud! In the face of great power, their former nobility was nothing but a joke.

Young Master Fang was dead, as was a large group of experts from the Creation Race.

When the patriarchs of the various Creation Race in the Thunder Creation City heard about this, they all rushed over.

"Tao-creation’s Crystal Mother... I never thought that you would actually train to become a killing Evil beast! " When he heard the news that Young Master Fang had been killed, he was terrified, because the Thunder-creation Sacred Race would definitely not let him off.

"If I don’t cultivate it, I won’t be able to deal with you turtle eggs! Ha ha, now that I’m strong, come if you have the guts! " Jing Yun’er laughed, his laugh was filled with evil.

"Are the Chuangyuan key in your hands?" Previously, when they went to Initial Evil-creation Realm, they did indeed sense that it was the Tao-creation’s crystal mother.

However, when they returned to the Initial Evil-creation Realm to search for Chuangyuan key, when they discovered that the Chuangyuan key had disappeared, they immediately thought of the Tao-creation’s crystal mother.

The Chuangyuan key were very harmful to the Creation Race, if Jing Yun’er went to the Most Ancient Era, it would be a disaster, because in the Most Ancient Era, there are too many people with the bloodline of the Creation Race!

"It is in my hands, but don’t worry, I won’t use it against you. It’s too boring!" Jing Yun’er laughed loudly, then unleashed a murderous cry from the Evil Phoenix, which released countless feathers and crazily attacked the patriarchs of the Creation Race s like a torrent of rain.

After Jing Yun’er had cultivated to kill the Evil Phoenix, the power she borrowed to kill the Evil Phoenix became extremely terrifying. Furthermore, the powers she used were all related to the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal.

For example, right now, she could condense huge black crystals out of thin air and smash towards those patriarchs of the Creation Race s.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

The black crystal fell to the ground and exploded!

A patriarch of the Creation Race s was blown towards Chen Xiang’s side. This was the patriarch of the Gold Creation Clan, without saying a word, Chen Xiang smashed him into eight pieces with a wave of his Heavenly magic sword.

The moment that the Creative Gold Clan’s Patriarch was about to die, he knew that the Chuangyuan key was not in Jing Yun’er’s hands, but in the hands of this unfamiliar man. At the same time, he felt the pain brought about by the seven Chuangyuan key.

Forget about the patriarchs of the Creation Race, even if the ancestors of the Tao-creation Divine Lord were here, they might not be able to take Jing Yun’er down.

Of course, the majority of them were killed by Chen Xiang using his Heavenly magic sword after being injured. It was the same for them;

"These weak chickens." Jing Yun’er let out a charming snort, jumped down from the Evil Killing Phoenix, and stepped on the half body of the God-creation Race Elder.

Chen Xiang walked over and exclaimed, "Big sister Yun, you’re too scary!"

The City of Thunder was protected by a barrier, so it did not receive much damage. However, the outside of the city was full of potholes, and there were many unfathomable, deep fissures.

"You all ... You all know each other! " Even now, the God-creation Race did not recognise Chen Xiang, but he knew that Chen Xiang was the person who killed Young Master Fang.

"En!" Chen Xiang replied as he stabbed his sword into the God-creation Race’s chest, causing him to feel the might of seven Chuangyuan key s.

The look on the God-creation Race’s face before he died was the same as everyone else’s. They couldn’t understand why the person in front of them had seven Chuangyuan key!