So many years had passed, and Chen Xiang and the others had finally met again.

"I thought I’d never see you again, little scoundrel." Xue Xianxian giggled as he threw himself into Chen Xiang’s embrace and tightly hugged with him.

Long Xueyi and Su Meiyao also came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa, hugging each other.

In the Most Ancient Era, all sorts of incantations were different. For example, the Flying mantra, Time Incantation and the Space mantra, they all could no longer be used. The Legendary mantra and the Supreme Mantra, on the other hand, were not a problem.

In the period of time that followed, Chen Xiang naturally made love with the girls. After all, they had separated for far too long.

The Hundreds of Flowers Village was still the same as before, the women inside were all improving quickly. This was mainly because Feng Yujie and the others were in the process of refining pills, in the future, Chen Xiang would have to teach them how to refine the Tai Yuan Legendary Pellets as well as master a few World Defying Dan grain.

Chen Xiang came to Lv Qilian’s room. Lv Qilian had something important to discuss with him.

Every time Chen Xiang saw Lv Qilian, he would always feel a sense of awe. That kind of unparalleled temperament was something that Chen Xiang admired the most.

"Sister Qilian, what’s the matter?!" When Chen Xiang arrived, he saw two women who looked like, one was Little Lizhi and the other was Xiao Baifeng. Both of them had the same personality.

"You’ve been so carefree these past few days, so I haven’t told you about this yet." Lv Qilian looked at Little Lizhi, and said softly: "Tell him what you found out!"

When Chen Xiang came to the Most Ancient Era, he truly did not ask about the things that had happened here. There were many beautiful women that he loved here, and after being separated for such a long time, he would definitely be happy here.

"I know a bit about the Most Ancient Era as well." said to Little Lizhi with a smile. He hadn’t seen Little Lizhi for the past few days, so he was actually by Lv Qilian’s side.

"It’s not a matter of the Most Ancient Era s, but rather something that is relatively related to you." Little Lizhi saw Chen Xiang’s passionate look in his eyes and snorted softly, "After the era of Myriad Tao, where we are at was swallowed, news about you spread. You have done so many great things in the past, so you naturally caught their attention."

"There’s really nothing we can do about it!" Chen Xiang sighed: "Who asked me to be so awesome!"

"Later on, there were eight ancestors who came back. They knew about you from the Tao-creation Place ... And among them is Qin Shuang’s grandfather, Luo Jiuyang, whom did he come back with? " Xiao Baifeng said.

"I know that. I’m more worried about him." Chen Xiang frowned, "He’s Xiao Shuangshuang’s relative after all!"

"He’s dead!" Little Lizhi said in a heavy voice.

Chen Xiang was startled, but luckily Qin Shuang was not in the You Yao Mountain Villa, so when he came to the Hundreds of Flowers Village, all the girls inside came out to play.

"Senior Luo has actually died!" Chen Xiang let out a long sigh: "I don’t know if I should tell Xiao Shuangshuang or not!"

Suddenly, a little white kitten flew in from outside the window. Yue Er, the little kitten, had come.

"Yue Er, why have you come?" Chen Xiang said.

"I’m a spy right now." Yue’er stopped on Chen Xiang’s shoulder. "Tell this matter to Xiao Shuangshuang, let me tell her."

"How did Senior Luo die?" Who killed him? " Yue’er, Little Lizhi and the others were able to investigate this matter, and it couldn’t be considered as an easy task for them.

"We only know that he died inside the Initial God-creation Realm. We don’t know about the rest yet." Xiao Baifeng said.

"And Senior Gu Tong! He’s with Senior Luo! " Chen Xiang immediately asked: "Have you guys found out anything about him?"

"He’s on the wanted list now. His whereabouts are unknown." Little Lizhi said: "Even though you have attracted their attention, they felt that you will die in the Myriad Tao era."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Then I understand, I will keep a low profile! Sister Feng and the others are already learning how to refine the Tai Yuan Legend Pills.

"In order to keep the matter of your return a secret, we did not inform the Heavenly Dragon City about our contact with you." Lv Qilian said: "The matter of you returning, will definitely not spread out to the Hundreds of Flowers Village."

Most of the women in the Hundreds of Flowers Village did not go out, while a few went out to investigate.

"That’s good too!" Chen Xiang felt that this was not bad, he knew that his old friends were doing well anyway.

The Most Ancient Era was different, so he had to be very careful.

Before, Thunder-creation Race had contacted him, so he definitely knew that the Thunder-creation Sacred Race had Killing evil dragon s. If they knew that he was here, they would definitely search for him with all their might.

"The Initial God-creation Realm is very mysterious. We didn’t manage to find where the Initial God-creation Realm was. We only know that the various great Creation Clans are inside." Yue Er said.

Little Lizhi added: "The Initial God-creation Realm is not an independent space, it should be inside the Most Ancient Era, similar to a city or something like that. The spatial structure of the Most Ancient Era is very special, if it is connected to each other, it would require a lot of energy to use up.

Previously, Chen Xiang knew how much energy was consumed when he was teleported here from the Initial Thunder-creation Realm.

"What I need to do now is to investigate the location of the Initial God-creation Realm. Only then can I find out how Senior Luo died." Chen Xiang was extremely respectful to Luo Jiuyang, he had to investigate this matter thoroughly.

"Do you want me to follow you?" Yue Er said. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"No need for now, I’ll go with Master and Junior Sister!" Chen Xiang said.

Xiao Xianglin and Little White Fox had been familiarizing themselves with the Hundreds of Flowers Village for the past few days, so Xiao Xianglin finally understood how many women Chen Xiang, her disciple, had.

Xiao Xianglin was teaching Xue Xianxian and the others how to forge Incantations at the Time array s. At this time, Little White Fox was playing crazily at the Hundreds of Flowers Village with Long Xueyi and some other girls who liked to play with each other.

Seeing that, Chen Xiang immediately went to find Xiao Xianglin. He felt that it would be better to have Little White Fox stay in the Hundreds of Flowers Village, as he was not weak either.

After saying that, Chen Xiang brought Xiao Xianglin, He Fengyuan and Feng Ke’er and left the Hundreds of Flowers Village. Xiang’er and Yu’er, the two maids, also followed along.

"I never thought that Senior Luo and Senior Gu Tong would encounter such a thing after coming here." After Xiao Xianglin found out about this, he also felt very sad.

"Yes!" If they had not followed Tao-creation Divine Lord back then, this might not have happened. "

Chen Xiang had already left the Hundreds of Flowers Village.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!