Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Little Lizhi and the others had already told them where to go to find out more information. There were no city walls surrounding the Most Ancient Era.

The cities here were all formed by mountains of various sizes. Their names were Mountain City!

Chen Xiang came to the mountain city that was closest to the Hundreds of Flowers Village. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"The mountains here are not made of stone and earth!" Coming here, and seeing it with his own eyes, only then did Chen Xiang realize that the mountain surface looked as if it was made of solid steel.

Some of them were even constructed using Tao-creation Holy stone s. Each mountain was extremely sturdy, and with one look, one could tell that it was difficult to destroy it.

"No wonder there aren’t any walls in here. The defenses of these mountains are already very strong." After Chen Xiang entered Rong Mountain City, he noticed that there were a lot of houses, but these houses were very low class in the eyes of many people.

Chen Xiang entered a mountain that was three thousand meters tall, and the surface of the mountain seemed to be made of gold. From afar, it looked dazzling and golden, which was why Chen Xiang entered.

"This mountain is just a hotel. It can also be used for lodging." Chen Xiang asked about the price and felt that it was very expensive, because living for a day would cost 10 Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

Even if there were so many Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals in the Initial Thunder-creation Realm, it would not be so outrageously expensive.

"Big Sister Yun came from here, there should be a lot of Tao-creation crystal mica, what kind of existence are these? Is it controlled by the organisations, or is it an independent existence? " Chen Xiang had never asked Jing Yun’er before.

He did not stay in the gold mountain. Instead, he went to some residential buildings and found an inn.

From the outside, this inn looked pretty good.

"Manager, I want to stay in the inn." Chen Xiang came to the counter and shouted.

"One Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal in ten days. At least ten days. " The manager said.

One Tao-creation Holy Crystal could stay here for ten days, which was much cheaper than those hotels that were like mountains.

"It’s really cheap." Chen Xiang laughed.

"If you’re not worried about being affected by the outbreak of the war, this price is quite good."

From the shopkeeper’s words, Chen Xiang immediately understood that the reason the mountains were built so firmly was to prevent a huge battle from breaking out and being destroyed.

After Chen Xiang settled in, he thought back to what Little Lizhi and her told him. If he wanted to investigate more, it would be best if he could join those Creation Race s and become their outer force.

If your performance is outstanding, you will be reused in the future. Then you will know more.

Little Lizhi and the others had already investigated thoroughly. Amongst the eight Creation Race here, the Ice Creation Clan could be considered to be one of the looser ones, unlike the other Creation Race who needed to sign a blood oath.

After staying here for two days, Chen Xiang had finally managed to get into a conversation with an outer disciple of the Ice-creation Sacred Race.

This inn was very cheap, but the accommodations were not bad at all, so the people staying here weren’t poor at all. There were also some people who didn’t want to stay in those giant mountain buildings.

For example, the outer sect disciple of the Ice-creation Sacred Race that Chen Xiang met was that kind of person. This outer sect disciple was at the early stages of the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

This person’s name was Li Weicheng, and he had the appearance of a middle-aged man. His square face made him look very loyal and honest.

As for Chen Xiang, after he changed his appearance, he was a young man with average looks. He revealed a trace of a Legendary gas and looked like he was in the early stages of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"Brother Li, whether or not I can enter the Ice-creation Sacred Race is up to you." Chen Xiang laughed and toasted Li Weicheng.

Li Weicheng was also very straightforward. When he met a World Defying Stage Legendary Rank like Chen Xiang in a poor inn, it was equivalent to meeting his best friend.

"If you are a World Defying Stage Divine Rank, I can’t guarantee it! But you are from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, so I am very sure that you can smoothly become one of the disciples of our Ice-creation Sacred Race. Even though you are only an outer disciple, as long as you work hard, you will definitely be recognized and recognized in the future. " Li Weicheng also gave a cup of wine to Chen Xiang.

"There’s a branch of the Ice-creation Sacred Race here. I’ll take you there right now." Li Weicheng smiled and said, "The clan has always encouraged us to introduce some outstanding talents."

"Brother Li, I’m a fire cultivator, I wonder if this is appropriate or not?" Chen Xiang revealed a face full of worry.

"I’m fine!" Where did all these people who were cultivating the power of the frost qi come from? As long as you want to join the Ice-creation Sacred Race, no matter what kind of power you cultivate, you have to do it. " Li Wei Cheng patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder: "Let’s go!"

Li Wei Cheng came from another city. Due to a few reasons, he did not go to the Ice-creation Sacred Race’s huge mountain to stay there, but came here. He said that it was mainly because he liked this kind of environment.

"That ice mountain is the branch of the Ice-creation Sacred Race." "Very easy to recognize!" Li Weicheng laughed.

Chen Xiang had already seen it before, the Fire-creation Sacred Race’s was a scorching hot volcano.

Li Weicheng brought Chen Xiang to a large hole in the ice mountain. After they were stopped by someone, Li Weicheng took out his identity card and told the guards to recommend the person to join the Ice-creation Sacred Race. Then, they immediately let him and Chen Xiang in.

"There are many people from the Ice-creation Sacred Race living here." Li Weicheng said, "Every giant mountain here has multiple caves. Going in from each cave will be different. Some caves can enter the shop, some can lead to higher places, and there are even hotels."

The Ice-creation Sacred Race’s huge mountain was relatively large, so it was filled with businesses. This allowed the Ice-creation Sacred Race to earn a lot of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals.

The process of entering the Ice-creation Sacred Race was very simple. First, one had to swear a blood oath that they had never joined any Creation Race, and as long as they passed through this, they would consider it a success.

Of course, this was only for people of the Legend rank. If this was World Defying Stage Divine Rank, then there would be a lot of tests needed.

He smoothly became an outer disciple of the Ice-creation Sacred Race, and the person in charge of the branch had also seen Chen Xiang, because Chen Xiang was from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he received preferential treatment from the very beginning.

"Each branch will have something to do, more or less. If they do it well, they will be rewarded." Li Weicheng said, "This time, I’ve got a job. If I complete it, I might be able to become an Advanced student."

The elder from the Rong Mountain City branch nodded his head and smiled, "Youngster, you don’t need to be too hasty with your success, you don’t want to do something so difficult from the very beginning."

The branch elders were more courteous to Chen Xiang, because he himself was only in the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank and he himself was also an outer disciple.

"Then what’s the easiest thing to do recently?" Chen Xiang laughed: "I’ll start from the easiest!"

"The easiest thing to do in a price comparison is to go inside the Raging Flames Mountain and search for the Flame Tao-creation holy crystal." The old man said: "The Fire-creation Sacred Race is also looking for us, and this area is ours. We cannot let them succeed." This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!