Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystal of Raging Flames? This was the first time Chen Xiang had heard of this.

"Chief Steward, is there any use for the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It has a lot of uses! If this thing was used to concoct pills... It can allow the flames to contain more energy, and if it is used to refine weapons, it can increase one’s speed even more, and can also improve the quality of Divine Weapons. " The Head Supervisor laughed, "Of course, it can also be refined into a very dangerous thing. If this kind of thing were to explode, then it wouldn’t be a joke."

"So powerful!" Chen Xiang was secretly moved: "I’ll go take a look!"

"Okay, I will tell you some clues. If you find it, then tell me first, I will bring them to take over that place. If the people from the Fire-creation Sacred Race arrive later, they won’t be able to say anything." The manager immediately told Chen Xiang some clues.

Li Wei Cheng also wanted to busy himself with his stuff and bid his farewells to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang immediately headed towards the Raging Flames Mountain Range.

The Raging Flames Mountain Range was very hot, and the peak of a large mountain was burning with flames. Almost every mountain here was burning, and in the night, these huge mountains were like huge torches.

After Chen Xiang arrived at the Raging Flames Mountain Range, he released his two clones and three illusions to search for the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

"This item is really hard to find!" Chen Xiang had been in the mountain for a good half a day already, but he still hadn’t found anything.

From time to time, however, he would see giant ships flying through the sky, carrying people with them.

The teleportation in the Most Ancient Era consumed a lot of energy, and only those large powers could use teleportation. Most people could use these kinds of huge ships to travel in the air.

Those huge ships were refined using a large number of Flying mantra s, so they could fly at a very fast speed.

"Xianxian and the others said that the Flying mantra is controlled very strictly here! Fortunately, Big Sister Yun had already let me learn Flying mantra, I will change your Six Realms mirrors. " Xiao Xianglin said: "You can ride a Six Realms mirrors."

After Chen Xiang came to the Most Ancient Era, he had Xiao Xianglin separate the Heavenly magic sword and those Chuangyuan key, and seal them. Even the Evil dragon array and the Red fire dragon were sealed with multiple spatial and temporal seals.

"It seems that very few people here possess a flying-type divine tool!" Chen Xiang said: "If we were to sell this here, it might be very popular."

"It’s mainly because the Most Ancient Era’s Flying mantra is too complicated! No wonder it was able to improve so much after entering the Myriad Tao era. " Xiao Xianglin laughed tenderly: "Even though it’s complicated, it’s not difficult for me." Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Master, you are the Heavenly Incantation Master, of course it will not be difficult for you." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Those wives of yours are also very powerful. Their comprehension abilities in learning incantations are very high. They are almost as good as me." Xiao Xianglin scoffed, "You are so much more amorous than I thought you were. Previously, when Xueyi said that I didn’t really believe him."

Chen Xiang laughed: "Who asked me to be so powerful!"

Xiao Xianglin remembered that Chen Xiang had secretly kissed her before, and it was something he had kept in his heart.

The three illusions could fly, and that was because of the illusions and incantations. The Supreme Mantra and the Legendary mantra here did not seem to be affected by it, so they could be used normally.

"The Legendary mantra and the Supreme Mantra might have passed down from here." Xiao Xianglin said: "Because there are many shadows of ancient incantations within the Supreme Mantra and the Legendary mantra."

It was fortunate that Xiao Xianglin was able to refine Paternoster soul stone. If not, Chen Xiang and the others would not have been able to learn Doppelgänger mantra s so quickly.

"Continuing like this isn’t a solution, I have to find a way." Chen Xiang came to the top of a tall mountain. This mountain was one of the few mountains that did not burn.

"Don’t you have a lot of Heaven devouring rat?" Feng Ke’er said.

"Let’s go out and take a look." He Fengyuan said.

Chen Xiang had just recalled that after he had released dozens of Heaven devouring rat, he discovered that all of them had been burnt to death by the flames.

"Heaven devouring rat are too weak." Chen Xiang sighed, although Heaven devouring rat s increased along with his strength, their strength was limited. He simply did not have enough strength to resist the flames here.

"Beauty Feng Yuan, don’t you communicate with plants? Maybe there are some tree spirits or something. " Chen Xiang anxiously said: "Go and ask the old tree spirits here, they might be able to find out something."

He Fengyuan was able to communicate with the Medicine soul, which was equivalent to being able to communicate with the souls of all plants.

When He Fengyuan came out of You Yao Mountain Villa, he found some weeds and trees on the mountain and started to communicate.

After a long time, He Fengyuan shook his head.

"No, these plants haven’t reached that level yet. The reason why these plants are able to survive here is only because they have evolved and mutated along with the environment here. If they can cultivate their souls out of it, then they’re probably good herbs." He Fengyuan said.

"Alright, I’ll go look for the ingredients now." Chen Xiang said.

Searching for medicinal herbs was much easier than aimlessly looking for mines.

After Chen Xiang searched for a few days, he finally found a little red flower that was hidden on a cliff. Originally, he planned to let the illusion take it off, because he was worried that it would destroy the soul inside the little red flower.

Xiao Xianglin had refined Six Realms mirrors for several days, but he had still not succeeded. The main reason was that the Six Realms mirrors was simply too strong, so if he wanted to make changes to it, he would need a very long time.

He Fengyuan reaped the rewards after a short while.

"What do you know?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"There is indeed a vein of the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystal of Raging Flames here." He Fengyuan said with a face full of pleasant surprise, "That’s why Blazing Mountain was born."

"Are we going to take all of this Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal?" Chen Xiang was extremely excited.

"I’m afraid not. It’s too big. We can’t take it away. We’ll just take away most of it." He Fengyuan said: "That Little Red Flower has already told me where the mine is located at."

He Fengyuan took off the little red flower. She had already communicated with the little red flower previously and moved it to a better environment. Inside Chen Xiang’s You Yao Mountain Villa was a large treasury of medicinal ingredients.

Chen Xiang immediately went along the path that He Fengyuan pointed out, and arrived at a small mountain very quickly.

"There are many short mountains here. Although none of these hills are on fire, there are many crystal mines below here." He Fengyuan said.

It would be easy for Chen Xiang to go down, he just needed to use his penetrating power. He immediately penetrated deep into the ground and quickly found many crystals that were like red-hot iron.

"These are the Holy Crystals of the Tao-creation!" Chen Xiang took as many as he saw and kept them frantically.