Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang obtained the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal, he immediately went to study it.

"Master, is the usage of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal really that great?" From the tone of the old man earlier, Chen Xiang could tell that it was something very precious.

"It is indeed very useful. The fire energy contained within is very special!" Xiao Xianglin just burned a little bit of it, and quickly discovered the beauty of it.

"I’m not sure about the benefits of refining pills!" However, refining will bring about great benefits. " Xiao Xianglin said somewhat excitedly: "Because after these Tao-creation Sacred Crystals are burnt, the energy will be refined into the divine weapon along with the flames! If it is used with ordinary Tao-creation Holy Crystals, the effect would be even better. "

Chen Xiang had collected quite a bit, and it was enough for him to refine artifacts in the future. After that, he remembered the location and immediately returned to the ice mountain at the Ice-creation Sacred Race in Rong Mountain City. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Did you find anything in the Blazing Mountain?" Of course, he did not hold much hope, because many people had already gone there to investigate for a long time. Although they could find one or two pieces of the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal from time to time, no one had ever been able to find a mine there.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang said mysteriously: "I’ve already found the mine!"

The old man thought that Chen Xiang was joking, but when he saw Chen Xiang take out a large piece of the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystal, he was stupefied.

"This... Where is this place? The old man took a deep breath, and anxiously pulled Chen Xiang.

"Head Supervisor, you have to be a bit more careful. Don’t spread this out for now." Chen Xiang said in a low voice.

The old man hurriedly nodded, then called for a few trusted disciples to follow Chen Xiang to the Raging Flames Mountain Range.

After Chen Xiang brought them to the Raging Flames Mountain Range, he deliberately wandered around there for a few days before bringing them to the location of the spirit vein.

After the old man and the few others dug downwards for a long time, they saw a large amount of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals. He was very excited, and took out a communication artifact, sending messages to the higher ups of the Ice-creation Sacred Race, telling them to take over. He was worried that he was not strong enough to handle the situation.

Chen Xiang, the old man and the others waited for the people from Ice-creation Sacred Race to come.

A few days later, the people from the Ice-creation Sacred Race arrived. One was middle-aged, and the other two were youths.

"Shi Kunlin, you have done a great deed this time." The middle-aged man in the lead chuckled. At this time, they were also very happy, because this vein was relatively large.

"This was mainly found by Little Brother Shen Fei! He has just joined our Ice-creation Sacred Race and he has already rendered a great merit! " Shi Kunlin did not dare snatch Chen Xiang’s contribution.

The middle-aged man nodded, then took out a golden jade tablet and gave it to Chen Xiang: "Take this golden jade tablet to the ice mountain in Holy Snow City. Someone will receive you."

Ice-creation Sacred Race was rather kind, and was pretty good to his disciples. After Chen Xiang received the gold jade tablet, he immediately thanked him.

"I was just lucky!" A young man behind that middle-aged man snorted, seeming to be a bit jealous.

"He was given this treatment just because he was lucky?" Another young man said in jealousy.

"Shut up!" The middle-aged man shouted angrily, "If he finds the vein, he can immediately inform us that this is a great achievement. If it was anyone else, they might have taken it all for themselves or sold it to another faction as a condition!"

Chen Xiang himself had taken a lot of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, and he couldn’t take that much either. If he were to leave it here, the Fire-creation Sacred Race might find out in the future and occupy this place, then he wouldn’t be able to get anything anymore.

The middle-aged man’s attitude towards Chen Xiang was very good, which allowed Chen Xiang to have a good impression of the higher ups of Ice-creation Sacred Race, but he could also tell that the Ice-creation Sacred Race was definitely one of the weaker ones, if not the higher ups would not have such an attitude.

"I’ll inform someone to mine it now." Just as the middle-aged man finished speaking, a scorching aura gushed down from the sky. Raising his head, he saw many flaming meteors of all sizes falling down.

"It’s the Fire-creation Sacred Race! These bastards actually dared to attack us!" The middle-aged man’s face changed drastically as he hastily shouted, "Prepare for battle!"

"Elder, this is Fire-creation Sacred Race’s Sacred Fire Meteor, let’s go!" They have people at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank on their side. " A young man was trembling in fear as he said.

"Useless thing!" The middle-aged man was infuriated. He punched towards the sky, and a wave of cold air suddenly shot out and rushed into the sky, freezing all of the burning meteors.

"Explode for me!" The middle-aged man sneered. The frozen meteorites suddenly shattered and turned into ice crystals, floating in the air. This caused a wave of sparkling snow to fall from the sky.

Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, this middle-aged man was at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank! Furthermore, even though the flames could melt the ice, he was still able to freeze those meteorites using ice. This showed just how powerful his Icy cold power was.

"You piece of trash from the Fire-creation Sacred Race, get the f * ck out here." The middle-aged man roared.

"Han Zifan, keep your mouth shut!" You are above our mines! " The people from Fire-creation Sacred Race appeared. An old man brought three middle-aged men.

"Cao Huokun, you fart, this Raging Flames Mountain Range has always been our Ice-creation Sacred Race’s territory! When we came to this mine, we didn’t even see your shadows. You obviously followed us here. " Han Zifan said angrily.

"This is your territory! But we discovered the vein before you did! We sensed that someone was invading this place, so we attacked. It was your fault first. " Cao Huokun sneered.

A young man said in a low voice, "Clan Elder, this is all Shen Fei’s fault. This mine was already taken over by someone a long time ago ..."

Han Zifan flew into a rage and slapped the young man hard in the face: "Shut up!"

Chen Xiang stood out and said: "Cao Huokun, when did you discover the mines?"

"Yesterday!" Cao Huokun immediately replied.

"Do you have proof that you discovered it yesterday?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"You ... "Then what proof do you have that we didn’t discover it first?" Cao Huokun looked coldly at Chen Xiang.

"I arrived here ten days ago, and when I used my secret technique, I entered into the depths to dig out a portion of the’s Sacred Crystals, and it was right under your feet! If you don’t believe me, just dig downwards and see the marks I left behind. " Chen Xiang said.

"I don’t believe it!" Cao Huokun immediately dug downwards. They dug a very large hole, and when they reached the bottom, sure enough, there were many empty spaces, and there were even Chen Xiang’s footprints.

Han Zifan laughed: "Cao Huokun, you all have seen it, our people have already come here to investigate!" If not, the Fire-creation Sacred Race would definitely act shamelessly. In the end, they might even have to work together to create a disturbance, or else the Fire-creation Sacred Race would have to work it out with them.