Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chen Xiang could tell that the Ice-creation Sacred Race was a little afraid of him with just a glance. That youngster had been so timid when facing the Fire-creation Sacred Race just now.

At this time, Fire-creation Sacred Race was also doing things in a very domineering manner, and it was obvious that he would always take advantage of Ice-creation Sacred Race.

"Hmph, this must be some trick of yours." Cao Huokun refused to admit that the enemy discovered it first.

"Please leave the vein we found." Han Zifan coldly said, "Otherwise, don’t blame me for being rude!"

"If you’re not being courteous, then you’re not. I want to see if you have the capability to be impolite to us," Cao Huokun’s fists were brimming with fire, his aura was extremely imposing, and it was obvious that he wanted to use a barbaric method to fight for the vein.

"Han Zifan, let me deal with him. The three of you go deal with those trash." Cao Huokun said to the people behind him, and then punched towards Han Zifan, immediately starting an intense battle with him.

They quickly left the mines, they did not want to fight here, they were afraid that the Flame Tao-creation holy crystal would be destroyed.

"Shen Fei, it’s all your fault. Look at what you’ve done." a young man said angrily, his hand trembling as he held his sword.

The three middle aged men from Fire-creation Sacred Race mocked with faces full of ridicule, "The youngsters from Ice-creation Sacred Race are getting more and more useless."

"On the other hand, that outer sect disciple called Shen Fei seems to have guts! I’ll deal with these two guys, then you guys go deal with the old man and Shen Fei. "

Shi Kun Lin anxiously came to Chen Xiang’s side and said: "Shen Fei, all of you go first, I will stop them!"

They were both in the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, with the same cultivation level as Shi Kun Lin, and the two youths who came with Han Zifan were only in the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, far from the middle-aged men’s strength. Those three middle-aged men were in the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank!

"All of you retreat!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he raised his hand and waved it, releasing an invisible pressure wall that pushed forward, and the two middle aged men who were rushing over immediately crashed into the pressure wall.

"Bam!"

After the two middle aged men were sent flying by the pressure wall, Chen Xiang released another formless pressure mountain, suppressing the two middle-aged men. At the same time, he flew over and arrived beside the middle-aged man who was extremely arrogant just now.

Legendary gas could condense into tiny grains, which could only be released during the middle stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank!

The sword qi of the Heavenly magic sword surged, releasing a fierce flame, directly cleaving apart the middle-aged man’s body, which had been split into two halves and was still emitting intense flames, which then burned to ashes!

The two middle-aged men who were pressed to the ground were shocked!

They were disciples who possessed the pure blood of the Fire-creation Sacred Race and possessed an incredibly prestigious identity, but now, someone dared to kill them!

Shi Kunlin and the two young men from the Ice-creation Sacred Race were also stunned. They knew very well that the consequences of killing a descendant of one of these bloodlines were extremely serious.

"Shen Fei..." Just as a youth shouted Chen Xiang’s name, Chen Xiang released an even stronger pressure and fused into the flames, pressing the other two middle-aged men into ashes.

"What is it?" Chen Xiang asked as if nothing had happened.

Shi Kun Lin and the others were shocked, especially the two young men, they did not dare underestimate Chen Xiang anymore. To be able to kill three late stage legendary realm warriors in such a short time, that was truly a terrifying strength!

"This is it!" A young man was sitting on the ground, looking depressed and worried.

In the distance, Cao Huokun’s Qi suddenly increased in strength and was rushing over. In a few moments, Cao Huokun was rushing over, with a face full of anger.

"Where are they?" Cao Huokun roared, his forehead was filled with veins, his entire body releasing flames.

"If they want to kill us, we have no other choice but to do so." Chen Xiang looked to be in a difficult position.

Han Zifan had also rushed back, he never thought that the three middle-aged men would actually be killed. He knew from a glance that it was Chen Xiang’s work, and he himself clearly knew what the two young men he brought were, along with the fact that although Shi Kun Lin was at the late stage of the legendary realm, his power was also extremely limited.

"None of you will survive!" Cao Huokun shouted loudly.

Chen Xiang had already made his preparations long ago to release two clones in the Divine Sense Sea, then give him enough pressure to form a pressure cage that held Cao Huokun inside.

Just as Cao Huokun wanted to release a strong flame to kill Chen Xiang, he found himself surrounded by an extremely strong pressure.

"Elder Han!" Chen Xiang shouted.

Han Zifan immediately understood, and poured an extremely strong Icy cold power into the invisible wall.

Chen Xiang immediately merged the pressure together with the Icy cold power and then pressed it into Cao Huokun’s body. The frantic Cao Huokun was slowly frozen up just like that.

In a few moments, Cao Huokun was turned into an ice sculpture by the Icy cold power. Following Chen Xiang’s increasing pressure, the Cao Huokun who turned into an ice sculpture instantly shattered and became ice powder.

Cao Huokun was also dead!

Han Zifan himself was shocked, because he knew very well that with his own strength, it would not be easy for him to kill Cao Huokun. But after that pressure had fused together, he had quickly sealed Cao Huokun in ice.

"Elder Han, you killed this. It has nothing to do with me." Chen Xiang laughed.

Seeing Chen Xiang laughing, the two young men became even more speechless in their hearts.

"This matter absolutely cannot be spread out!" Han Zifan said: "Fire-creation Sacred Race will soon know about this!"

After that, Han Zifan immediately forced the two young men to swear a blood oath, not revealing anything about today, while Chen Xiang and Shi Kunlin did so on their own accord.

"Leave the things here to me!" Shen Fei, hurry up and go to Holy Snow City. " He could already tell that Chen Xiang was not an ordinary person, and was far from something the two trash he brought with him could compare to.

Chen Xiang nodded, and after bidding farewell to Shi Kun Lin, he immediately headed towards the Holy Snow City.

... .... Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Sneaking into these Creation Race s to learn more about the matters of them was precisely Chen Xiang’s goal, and he had already arrived at Holy Snow City.

Holy Snow City was filled with ice mountains, the biggest of them being an important mountain of the Ice-creation Sacred Race.

After Chen Xiang came here, he revealed the gold jade tablet that Han Zifan had given him. The guards at the door immediately became respectful towards him, as if it was extremely difficult for him to obtain the gold jade tablet.

This huge ice mountain was not white, but silver white. Unlike the other ice mountain, Chen Xiang felt a sense of warmth after entering the ice mountain.

At this moment, he was following behind an old man who said that he would bring him to see the head steward.

"Young man, please be a bit more polite when you see the Head Supervisor! He is one of the ten great lords of our Ice-creation Sacred Race. " The old man said in a low voice.

"Lord?" Is this the strongest person in the Ice-creation Sacred Race? " Chen Xiang asked.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!