Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The old man who brought Chen Xiang nodded his head: "One of the Strongest ... Originally, the strongest was the clan emperor, but the clan emperor has been missing for many years! "

seemed to understand why the morale of the Ice-creation Sacred Race was so low.

Chen Xiang followed the old man and understood what was going on.

Not long after, he followed the old man into a large hall. Above the hall sat a tall and sturdy, handsome middle-aged man. He wore white armor and emitted waves of oppressive cold air. The cold air was accompanied by a strong killing intent.

Although this middle-aged man exuded an ice-cold killing intent, his deep eyes revealed a hint of gentleness. A smile hung on his face, causing people to not be afraid of him.

Chen Xiang was very sure that this middle-aged man was one of the Ten Lords of Ice-creation Sacred Race, Han Yixian.

"It’s the gold jade card that Han Zifan gave you, right?" Han Yixian received the gold jade tablet from the old man.

"Yes sir!" Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I am Shen Fei, greetings to the Lord!"

"Alright, you’ll be a disciple of Holy Snow City in the future. We don’t have any rules here. You just need to remember, don’t betray Holy Snow City." Han Yixian returned the gold jade medallion to Chen Xiang and said, "For you to be able to find that vein would be of great help to our Holy Snow City, it is only right that you get the gold jade medallion."

"Other than that, there are still five hundred thousand Tao-creation Sacred Crystals here as your reward!" Han Yixian tossed a Storage bag over to Chen Xiang.

To have five hundred thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals in a moment, Chen Xiang never thought that this Lord would be so generous.

"Thank you, Lord." Chen Xiang immediately thanked him.

"Shen Fei, can you tell me, what is your cultivation level?" Han Yixian was very curious, because he could not see Chen Xiang’s true cultivation level. Although he had already sensed Chen Xiang’s Spirit Qi, he was not sure.

"Late stage!" Chen Xiang answered truthfully.

"That’s right!" Han Yixian was secretly shocked, he suddenly felt that the young man in front of him was very mysterious, but he did not ask too much.

"Shen Fei, if you are not busy, I have something that I need you to do." Han Yixian said, "Furthermore, it will be somewhat dangerous!"

"I am not busy, Lord, speak." Chen Xiang said.

"You might not be too familiar with our Ice-creation Sacred Race, so I’ll explain the details to you right now." Han Yixian gestured for Chen Xiang to sit.

After Chen Xiang sat down, Han Yixian slowly said, "After the disappearance of the Emperor, our Ice-creation Sacred Race split into ten different lords, and became a pile of scattered sand. This is mainly because no one is convinced with us, so we all set up our own mountains!"

This was what Chen Xiang had already known before, he nodded his head: "I’ve already heard from Elder Liu just now."

"After our Ice-creation Sacred Race split up, it can be said that the glory of that day had long since disappeared, and now, our Ice-creation Sacred Race is already dead in name!" Han Yixian spoke of this matter in a helpless manner: "This caused our Ice-creation Sacred Race to be bullied and humiliated by others!"

Chen Xiang saw that the people from the Fire-creation Sacred Race were very arrogant, he could tell at that time.

Han Yixian continued, "And in three months, the grandson of the Thunder-creation Sacred Race’s royal family will marry my daughter ... This is also a matter of helplessness! "

Chen Xiang’s heart jumped, and he continued to listen.

"I will help you make the arrangements to head to the Divine Thunder Holy City to find a way to rescue my daughter." Han Yixian said: "My daughter is not weak either, she is at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank!"

"I’m only at the late stage!" Chen Xiang said as he furrowed his eyebrows. He was very surprised in his heart, this Han Yixian was the peak herself, and her daughter was also the peak.

"I know! She needs help now, and I can’t find any good people. The main reason is that the people sent over cannot be too strong, if they are people at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, they will definitely be suspicious. " Han Yixian said: "And since you know how to conceal your presence and are not a descendant of the bloodline of our Ice-creation Sacred Race, they definitely won’t have any suspicions."

"I will arrange for you to go! At that time, I will say that you are the son of a good friend of mine who has died. In order to give you a decent job, I will arrange for you to be my follower. "

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded his head. Being able to sneak into the Thunder-creation Sacred Race was a very good opportunity, so he was naturally very willing.

"This is for you. This is my silver jade dagger. It’s my token." Han Yixian handed over a dagger to Chen Xiang.

When Chen Xiang saw the dagger, he was extremely shocked, because the dagger was exactly the same as the Chuangyuan key s! Nine Chuangyuan key s, he had seven! Amongst them, he was missing the Ice key s.

And these two keys were both in Tao-creation Divine Lord’s hands! How could this Han Yixian have it?

"This dagger has a very good effect against Thunder-creation Sacred Race’s bloodline disciples. Unless it is absolutely necessary, you must not take it out." Han Yixian said: "This is also my reward for you. In the future, you don’t need to return it to me, and you definitely can’t say that it was I who gave it to you! If someone finds out that you have this dagger, you can say that you got it by accident. "

Chen Xiang was sure that the dagger was the Ice key, and it was very likely that the Tao-creation Divine Lord had given it to him, but Han Yixian had given the Ice key to him, as if a heavy burden had been lifted off his shoulders.

With the Ice key in Han Yixian’s hands, it was like a burden!

"You must remember my words." Han Yixian warned again.

"I’ll remember it!" Chen Xiang really did not expect him to obtain the Ice key so quickly.

Why did the Tao-creation Divine Lord give the Ice key to Han Yixian? What about the Chuangshen key?

"After you see my daughter, show her this dagger. She will believe you." Han Yixian said: "She was also forced into the Thunder-creation Sacred Race at the time, so I need to make it up to her."

Chen Xiang felt that since Han Yixian gave him the Ice key, he must save his daughter. He was glad that he did not monopolize the vein, otherwise he would have missed out on the Ice key.

Following that, Han Yixian arranged for people to send Chen Xiang to Divine Thunder Holy City, and his daughter was currently inside!

... ....

"Master, that’s a Ice key, you gave it to him just like that?" Elder Liu said with a pained expression.

"Elder Liu, don’t you know that the other clans don’t have Chuangyuan key s? If this gets out, I will definitely die. Most Ancient Era will also think of a wave of blood rain because of the Ice key. " Han Yixian said, "Even the Tao-creation Divine Lord wouldn’t dare to keep it, let alone me! His whereabouts are unknown, and his fate is unknown. It is very possible that it is because of the Chuangshen key in his possession, which is the most powerful thing in the world. "

"Is that young Shen Fei going to be alright?" Elder Liu said. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Although I do not know what his purpose for coming to our Ice-creation Sacred Race is, but I trust him and I hope that he can save the girl if the Ice key is given to him. " Han Yixian said.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!