Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang obtained the Ice key, he was unable to suppress the excitement in his heart. This was because he was getting closer and closer to gathering all the Chuangyuan key.

He sat on a large flying ship and headed towards Divine Thunder Holy City.

"With my strength, saving Lord Han Yixian’s daughter shouldn’t be difficult. I can only go there and talk." Chen Xiang had followed a middle aged man onto the boat, so he did not know much about him from the middle aged man, who was just in charge of bringing him to Divine Thunder Holy City.

All he knew was that Han Yixian’s daughter was called Han Xiaoying and her cultivation was at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"This Han Xiaoying is definitely extraordinary, if not he would not be taken seriously by the descendants of the Thunder-creation Sacred Race’s royal family! It seems that Han Yixian must have been coerced to do so, or perhaps there was a time at the end of the month that he was able to marry his daughter off. " Chen Xiang thought.

After the large ship flew in the air for seven or eight days, it finally landed on a large lake in Divine Thunder Holy City.

"Shen Fei, after you get to Divine Thunder Mountain Villa, you must be careful not to offend people everywhere. Just follow the young miss and listen to her orders. He seemed to not know that Chen Xiang had been arranged by Han Yixian to save Han Xiaoying.

"Yes, I will remember." Chen Xiang replied honestly.

After half an hour, Chen Xiang and the middle-aged man arrived at the entrance of the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa.

The middle-aged man did not go in with Chen Xiang. He only passed Han Yixian’s letter to an old butler in the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa and had him bring Chen Xiang in.

The cultivation level that Chen Xiang had displayed was only at the early stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. Although this cultivation level was not bad, it was normal for him to be a follower. After all, Han Xiaoying was a person at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, so having this type of follower was not a big deal.

In the letter, Han Yixian said very clearly that Shen Fei was the descendant of a good friend of his who had passed away. In order to find a good job, he had come to find him.

On the way, Chen Xiang was also asked many questions by the old butler.

The Divine Thunder Mountain Villa was very big, there were a total of five areas. The north, south, east and west regions were all around, and the middle area was the most tightly guarded area, so they could not casually enter.

"You can only follow Miss Han Xiaoying and can’t run around. If you make trouble here, then Miss Han Xiaoying won’t be able to protect you! Lady Han Xiaoying is currently living in the east side, so it would be best for you to obediently stay in the east side! If anything happens, Miss Han Xiaoying will give you the order badge to enter and exit the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa. " The old butler said sternly.

"Yes sir!" Chen Xiang could only give such an answer. This Divine Thunder Mountain Villa was truly very strict, especially the enchantments that were used to protect the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa.

When Chen Xiang had taken a look at the Central Region earlier, there were even more barriers and formations in this area. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Could it be that the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa is an important place to the Thunder-creation Sacred Race? Thunder-creation Sacred Race’s old lair shouldn’t be here right! " Chen Xiang thought, he had already followed the old man to the east region and entered a large courtyard house.

"Miss Han Xiaoying, the follower that your father recommended is here. Teach him the rules here!" the old butler shouted.

In a forest not far away, a pink figure suddenly floated over, bringing along a gust of fragrant wind, a graceful figure gently landed in front of Chen Xiang and the old butler.

The woman had a clear and beautiful appearance, her eyes were lively and her cheeks were pink. She had a seventy percent smile, and three parts of her face were gloomy. She had two small dimples, making her look gentle and lovely.

Chen Xiang only looked at Han Xiaoying a few times before he slowly lowered his head. This was what a follower should do, he would not reveal himself. Fortunately, he had seen many beauties before, so he did not lose his composure when he saw Han Xiaoying. This made the old butler secretly nod in satisfaction.

"Butler, sorry to trouble you!" Take care! " Han Xiaoying’s voice was bright as he smiled.

The old steward nodded and left the house.

After the old housekeeper left, Han Xiaoying opened the letter her father gave her, which was the introduction letter.

Chen Xiang didn’t say much as he followed behind Han Xiaoying. In his heart, he had a very good impression of Han Xiaoying.

After Han Xiaoying brought Chen Xiang into the hall, he smiled: "Shen Fei, is my father still well? Has he made enemies with anyone recently? "

"When I saw the Lord, he looked very good ... I don’t know about anything else, please forgive me Miss. " Chen Xiang said. Han Xiaoying didn’t seem to know that he was sent by Han Yixian to save her.

"Sigh, I’m worried about my father. He’s not in a good situation right now." Han Xiaoying sighed, his expression full of worry.

"Miss, can we talk privately?" Chen Xiang had just released three illusions and scanned the surrounding area a few times, but did not find any spies, which was why he said that.

Han Xiaoying’s beautiful eyes turned; she knew that Chen Xiang had other times to tell her. She nodded slightly, then brought Chen Xiang to her room.

Although she was already in the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa, she was not married to the emperor’s descendant, so she still lived alone in this place.

"Shen Fei, you can say it now!" Han Xiaoying said.

Chen Xiang took out his Ice key.

Han Xiaoying was startled when he saw the Ice key.

"Why is it in your hands? Is something wrong with my father? " Han Xiaoying seemed to know that this dagger was extremely important, otherwise, he wouldn’t have thought that something happened to her father.

"To be honest, I just joined the Ice-creation Sacred Race not long ago, I belong to a branch of the Lord. Because I found a Flaming Tao-creation Holy Crystal, I can get attention from the Lord! He said that he would give me this dagger, and that he would let me carry out an important mission, which is to get you out of here before your wedding. " Chen Xiang said.

Han Xiaoying also only took a look at the Ice key before returning it to Chen Xiang. She knew that her father definitely had a lot of trust in Chen Xiang, otherwise he would definitely not have given the Ice key to Chen Xiang.

"My father has always been very accurate in his judgement. When he arranged for you to come here, do you really have the confidence to take me away?" Han Xiaoying sighed lightly, "Divine Thunder Mountain Villa is surrounded by barriers everywhere, and there are patrols inside and outside the barrier, making it difficult to escape."

"Miss Han!" What will happen to your father if I save you? Will the Thunder-creation Sacred Race harm him? " Chen Xiang asked: "I’m not sure about your father’s current situation, but it definitely isn’t too good."

"Father must have made the best decision for you to come and save me!" Han Xiaoying’s eyes flashed, thinking of something: If you really succeeded, he would definitely be happy, furthermore, he has already grasped the Flame Tao-creation holy crystal, so this will be the opportunity for him to gather the entire Ice-creation Sacred Race!

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!