Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang thought about it carefully and immediately understood what Han Xiaoying was saying.

Han Yixian had obtained a lot of Flame Tao-creation holy crystal, so he couldn’t defend himself at all. However, if he gave a portion to the other Ice-creation Sacred Race s, and also agreed on the conditions to protect and mine the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, then the ten of them would be able to temporarily join forces.

As long as the Ice-creation Sacred Race gathered together, even if there was no clan emperor, it would still be a power that couldn’t be underestimated. At least, it wouldn’t be oppressed by the other Creation Race.

The reason Han Yixian gave the Ice key to Chen Xiang was also to thank him for finding the mine! As long as he obtained the mines and gathered the Ice-creation Sacred Race s, even if he did not have any Ice key s, he could still go against the other Creation Race s.

In this way, even if Han Xiaoying managed to escape Thunder-creation Sacred Race, Thunder-creation Sacred Race couldn’t say anything.

"Miss Han ..."

"Call me Xiaoying, you’re not really here as a follower." Han Xiaoying smiled beautifully.

"Xiaoying, why did you marry the grandson of the Thunder-creation Sacred Race’s emperor?" Chen Xiang was curious about this question the entire way.

"The main reason why the descendants of the imperial clan want to marry me is because of my Ice Creation Sacred Body." Han Xiaoying sat on the side of the bed and faintly sighed: "As long as he can obtain my body, then he can obtain two kinds of Creation Race’s bloodline ... At the same time, it will also allow him to borrow the power of my Ice Creation Sacred Body, allowing him to cultivate it. "

"What is the use of the Body? With the blood of two Creation Race s, you can become very strong? " Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"The blood of the Ice Creation Saint Body possesses a special kind of power, it can refine a divine weapon, this kind of divine weapon can suppress all Creation Race s!" Han Xiaoying looked at the Ice key in Chen Xiang’s hands. "The dagger in your hand is made from the blood of the Ice Creation Holy Body."

"The Creation Saint Body is extremely rare, even the emperors of various clans do not have it! I was found out by the Thunder-creation Sacred Race’s royal family to be the Ice Creation Sacred Body, so he forcefully dragged me here! Thunder-creation Sacred Race also gave my father some benefits as compensation. "

Chen Xiang had not known about the origins of the Chuangyuan key before, but it had been refined using the blood of the Holy Body!

"And this is something that the other Creation Race s do not know about, only my father and a few other people in the clan already know of it. If the other Creation Race knew that the Creation Saint Body had appeared and were unable to obtain it, they would destroy it together."

"Xiaoying, you are a Ice Creation Saint Body, then doesn’t that mean that your strength can restrain all of the Creation Race s? You are already at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, you don’t have to be afraid of them. " Chen Xiang was very suspicious of this, if he was Han Xiaoying, he would definitely kill all the people in Thunder-creation Sacred Race.

"My sacred body has just awakened ... So it’s useless. I can’t undo the seal myself. " Han Xiaoying shook his head in frustration: "I cannot commit suicide now, otherwise, they would have killed my father. But I am not afraid now, my father will definitely be able to gather the entire Ice-creation Sacred Race." Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When Xiao Xianglin heard that there was a seal in Han Xiaoying’s body, she was extremely interested. She also wanted to take some of Han Xiaoying’s Blood of the Creation Saint Body to refine, that would restrain all the Creation Race s.

This way, Chen Xiang could directly use this kind of Divine Weapon against the people from the Creation Race, as using Chuangyuan key would make it easier for him to be discovered.

"Shen Fei, are you really sure that you can take me out? If I can’t, I’ll have to kill myself. I definitely won’t let my body be tainted. " Han Xiaoying had placed all his hopes on Chen Xiang, she felt that Chen Xiang must have had some extraordinary methods to be able to find the mine, if not her father would not have placed so much hope on Chen Xiang.

"Of course! Xiaoying, can I leave the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa now? If it’s possible, I’ll put you inside my Divine Sense Sea and bring you out. This will be much easier. " Chen Xiang laughed.

"No way!" They will surely think of that, and it won’t work. " Han Xiaoying shook his head: "Think of another way!"

Chen Xiang had several methods, but it was not easy.

For example, he could use the Transmission array to teleport Han Xiaoying to the Hundreds of Flowers Village.

However, he was worried that the Transmission array would leave behind spatial and temporal fluctuations, allowing experts to probe to the location of the teleportation gate.

The other method was to use the Oldest Tree’s inheritance and run out of the enchantment through it. Since they did not try, he did not know if it would work.

The other one was more complicated and required him to coordinate with a clone. He did not plan on using it, and it would be easier for accidents to occur if he did not need to rush for it.

"Tonight, I’ll go investigate." Chen Xiang said: "I’ll have to invite my master to take a look."

"Your master? It might be a little difficult, but arranging for you to enter here alone is Thunder-creation Sacred Race’s bottom line. " Just as Han Xiaoying finished speaking, he saw a petite but very beautiful woman appearing.

"Xiaoying, this is my master! She is a master of refining and setting up formations, an expert in the art of incantations. " Chen Xiang laughed.

"Hello!" Han Xiaoying immediately bowed to greet him.

"You’re welcome!" Xiao Xianglin smiled slightly: "Can I see the seal in your body first?"

"Of course you can!" Han Xiaoying nodded.

Xiao Xianglin used his hand to lightly press onto Han Xiaoying’s chest to let her relax, then he checked the condition of her body.

"This seal uses Legendary mantra!" Xiao Xianglin frowned: "This is not easy to remove! It might take a long time! Looks like someone specially created this seal to seal the Holy Body. "

"No problem, I can wait." Han Xiaoying secretly admired Xiao Xianglin. With one look, he could tell that she had used a Legendary mantra, but she didn’t even know what had happened to the seal.

"Master, take a look at this barrier." Chen Xiang said: "Take a look at it first and determine my plan for tonight."

Xiao Fuya closed her eyes and released her spiritual sense to sense the situation.

"It’s better if I do the sealing!" Feng Ke’er came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa and smiled coquettishly.

"What a cute girl." When Han Xiaoying saw Feng Ke’er, he was slightly shocked. With a chuckle, he touched Feng Ke’er’s face.

"She is Feng Ke’er, sealed into an elf." Chen Xiang pinched Feng Ke’er’s pill: "Don’t just look at her like a little brat, she can be considered an old demon."

Feng Ke’er rolled her eyes at him, then smiled sweetly at Han Xiaoying: "Big Sister Xiaoying, you’re really pretty!"

"You’re beautiful too." Han Xiaoying’s smiling face was like a flower, squatting down and conversing with Feng Ke’er.

"I’m going to take a look at the seals here first. I must get Sister Xiaoying out of this damn place quickly." Feng Ke’er said sweetly.

"Thank you!" Han Xiaoying was currently very happy, the previous melancholy having been swept away.

Chen Xiang only released three bodies that scouted the surroundings. Once someone came over, he would immediately sense them.

An hour later, both Xiao Xianglin and Feng Ke’er reaped their rewards.

"The barriers are all very strong, they are all made with Legendary mantra s and Supreme Mantra s." Xiao Xianglin said.

"The enchantments in the central region are the most powerful ones, there are at least three kinds of Legendary mantra!" Feng Ke’er exclaimed in shock, "And the barrier in the east region is mainly composed of Supreme Mantra."

The first thing he did after sending the book was to look at the original content!