Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was hiding in another city, it was a very small city, the main reason he was here was to find out more about the Divine Thunder Holy City. Even though he had been here for a few days, he only knew that the Divine Thunder Holy City was sealed and he was not allowed to enter or leave.

Xiao Xianglin was still helping Han Xiaoying to remove the seal in her body. To Xiao Xianglin, being able to come into contact with this kind of profound seal was a very rare opportunity, because it could help her increase her own experience in breaking the seal. There were also some things she could comprehend from the seal, especially this kind of seal made with Legendary mantra, which was equivalent to a challenge in her eyes.

For the next few days outside, the Time array had been inside for hundreds of years, but the seal could not be broken.

"Master, how’s the progress?" Chen Xiang asked, her main body was still outside, she had only let her clone in.

"Very slow, this kind of seal isn’t that easy to remove." Xiao Xianglin said: "Pay attention to the movements of the Thunder-creation Sacred Race first. Although you have retreated completely, you can’t say what methods they might have to find you!"

The reason why Xiao Xianglin was so worried was mainly because she had seen the enigmatic and unfathomable seals and barriers of the Thunder-creation Sacred Race.

In the Creation Race here, the use of various incantations had already reached the pinnacle.

"There isn’t any news at all. The main thing is that the Divine Thunder Holy City is sealed off and can’t be entered or left. Furthermore, there are also many large formations covering the area, so it’s impossible for information from within to leak out." Chen Xiang said.

Even if he used the Communication jade Symbol paper now, he wouldn’t be able to send a message out of the city. From this, it could be seen how much power the Thunder-creation Sacred Race had used in this matter.

"Then we can only wait and see!" Xiao Xianglin said: "It’s best if you don’t go back to Hundreds of Flowers Village during this period of time! If they really have a way to find you and you are still in Hundreds of Flowers Village, it will be very troublesome. "

"Un, I understand!" I’ll go ask around about the Ice-creation Sacred Race now! Xiaoying is related to the Ice-creation Sacred Race, maybe the Thunder-creation Sacred Race will send someone over to the Ice-creation Sacred Race. " Chen Xiang said.

Chen Xiang immediately headed to another big city, it was Fire-creation Sacred Race’s city.

As soon as he entered the city, he saw some bounty announcements. The main thing was the bounty clues.

When Chen Xiang had killed a World Defying Stage Legendary Rank at the peak of the mountain, this had caused a huge uproar in the Fire-creation Sacred Race. They had to find out who exactly killed their people. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Chen Xiang had asked around the city for most of the day and heard quite a few things about the Ice-creation Sacred Race. Right now, the people in the city still did not know what was happening in the Divine Thunder Holy City.

They only knew that the Divine Thunder Holy City was completely sealed off, and this must have happened because of something major.

You have to understand that in a super big city like Divine Thunder Holy City, there was a large force inside, and now that they were sealed inside, it could cause a lot of conflict. However, the Divine Thunder Holy City still did it, and it could be seen from this just how big the trouble was.

"The Ice-creation Sacred Race has started to gather!" Chen Xiang said, "Just like what Xiaoying said, Han Yixian used the Flame Tao-creation holy crystal veins he found to temporarily unify the split Ice-creation Sacred Race. After all, this is a large amount of resources, and it is beneficial to those lords in the Ice-creation Sacred Race.

"Now it’s all up to Xiaoying! If Xiaoying broke through the seal, with the power of her Immortal Creation Sacred Body, it would definitely be very powerful. "

Chen Xiang would continue to stay in the city. He knew that many spies were gathering outside the Divine Thunder Holy City, and as long as there was any movement inside the Divine Thunder Holy City, they would be able to immediately return here.

After more than ten days, Chen Xiang received a piece of shocking news, which shocked everyone in the city.

"The people from the God-creation Race have appeared. The Divine Thunder Holy City will also temporarily open the seal for the people from the God-creation Race to enter."

"Just as the seal was opened, a shocking piece of news came from inside! In the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa, the Emperor’s grandson was killed! "

When Chen Xiang heard this news, he had a bad premonition and immediately left the city.

"What are the fellows from God-creation Race doing?" Chen Xiang heard from many people that the God-creation Race seemed to be very mysterious, because here, the other Creation Clan clans all had their own cities and already controlled many of the Tao-creation’s holy crystal mines.

Only the God-creation Race did not.

However, the strength of the God-creation Race was extremely terrifying, and the other Creation Race members were very afraid of the God-creation Race.

The Tao-creation Divine Lord is the God-creation Race’s!

If Chen Xiang wanted to find out news of Luo Jiuyang’s death, he would have to contact the people from God-creation Race first.

"Master, how is the progress of the seal on Xiaoying’s body?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s almost done. It should be done in two days!" Xiao Xianglin said: "I’m so tired!"

In another two days, the Time array will take more than two hundred years!

"Master, you’ve worked hard!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"That’s nothing. It’s just that my doppelganger is a little tired." Xiao Xianglin chuckled: "Right, you’d better leave the big cities now!"

On one hand, it was because after Han Xiaoying’s seal was broken, there was no movement. On the other hand, the God-creation Race had gone to the Divine Thunder Holy City, so it was very possible that he found some clues, because he had previously used Ice key to kill people.

Chen Xiang rode on his Six Realms mirrors and continuously flew for two days. He did not know where he came from, but there were mountains everywhere.

"I’ve finally succeeded!" Xiao Xianglin felt as if a heavy burden had been lifted, and she had finally released Han Xiaoying from her seal.

Han Xiaoying was also very happy when he was in You Yao Mountain Villa, and he continuously thanked Xiao Xianglin.

"Big Sister Xianglei, you are from Refiner ... How about I give you some of my blood? Han Xiaoying said.

Han Xiaoying’s cultivation was much higher than Xiao Xianglin’s, but she still called Xiao Xianglin big sister. It was mainly because Xiao Xianglin was more capable, and was able to help her break the seal.

"Xiaoying, would the blood you released affect you?" Xiao Xianglin was more worried about this, so she did not ask for it before.

"It’s nothing, just a little bit of blood!" Han Xiaoying laughed: "I’ll give you a bit more, in the future, maybe Chen Xiang will need even more."

Han Xiaoying already knew Chen Xiang’s real name, she just didn’t know anything else about Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin had thought that the blood Han Xiaoying had released would look like liquid. This was also normal blood, but the blood Han Xiaoying had forced out of his finger was actually silvery-white in color.

"Xiaoying, is this your blood?" This was the first time Xiao Xianglin had seen this kind of blood.

"Mm, it’s been like this ever since my Ice Creation Sacred Body awakened! My blood is like ice, isn’t it? " Han Xiaoying smiled sweetly, "The first time I saw it, I was also shocked by my own blood!"