Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Han Xiaoying let out a lot of ice crystal like blood, and her face turned pale white. Luckily, the Mei Jing Sisters and the others were here, they gave Han Xiaoying a large amount of regeneration ability to help her recover quickly.

In the end, Han Xiaoying managed to release more than a thousand kilograms of this ice crystal blood.

"Xiaoying, where are you going next?" Xiao Xianglin asked, she naturally did not need to worry about Han Xiaoying.

Because Han Xiaoying was the Creation Sacred Body, her strength was enough to restrain all the Creation Race.

"I have to go somewhere... "For the time being, I don’t know where that place is either!" Han Xiaoying’s eyes were filled with confusion. "I’ll have to wait until I get there first before I know the specifics."

"Is this related to your Creation Saint Body?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes!" Ever since I found out that I had the Absolute Soul Holy Body, I always felt like I wanted to go somewhere, "Han Xiaoying said.

"Xiaoying, can I ask you something?" Chen Xiang wanted to ask if Han Xiaoying knew anything about the God-creation Race.

"Go ahead! I will tell you what I can answer! I know you are not an ordinary person, you must have a purpose in joining the Ice-creation Sacred Race. " Han Xiaoying mischievously smiled.

"I have a friend who is dead! His death has something to do with the Tao-creation Divine Lord. " Chen Xiang said: "I want to find out how he died."

"Is your friend called Luo Jiuyang?" Han Xiaoying asked with some surprise.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin were both stunned for a moment, then nodded.

"How do you know?" Xiao Xianglin asked.

"At that time, it was a huge issue, even we, the Genesis Clan, knew about it." Han Xiaoying sighed: "The white dagger in your hand, was given to my father by Tao-creation Divine Lord!"

"Daggers are called Chuangyuan key s, there are a total of nine of them! When he was brought by the nine Creator Gods to create a new era, he lost seven of them there! Tao-creation Divine Lord brought two back, one of them to my father, and the other to Luo Jiuyang. " Han Xiaoying said.

The Tao-creation Divine Lord actually gave the Chuangshen key to Luo Jiuyang!

The Chuangshen key should be the most precious out of the nine keys, but the Tao-creation Divine Lord actually gave it to Luo Jiuyang.

"Did Luo Jiuyang die because of this Chuangyuan key?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Tao-creation Divine Lord disappeared after he gave Luo Jiuyang the key, and Luo Jiuyang was besieged and attacked by all four of them ... But the Chuangshen key did not fall into the hands of the God-creation Race, into the hands of a youngster named Gu Tong. This Gu Tong and Luo Jiuyang are both his foster brothers, and Gu Tong is currently missing. " Han Xiaoying said: "That’s all I know."

"But the God-creation Race did not order for Gu Tong!" Chen Xiang said.

"There’s no use in bounty hunting, it would let even more people know that Gu Tong has the Chuangshen key! Chuangshen key s are extremely important to God-creation Race, and are equivalent to God-creation Race’s lifeline. " Han Xiaoying sighed: "My father also once grasped a Ice key, this is our Ice-creation Sacred Race’s lifeline, but he doesn’t dare to take it!"

Ice key could not only restrain the Ice-creation Sacred Race, he could also restrain the other Creation Race s. If the news of Han Yixian possessing a Ice key were to spread, he would definitely be killed.

"Xiaoying, God-creation Race is also very mysterious here!" Chen Xiang frowned: "They went to Divine Thunder Holy City earlier, I wonder what they are going to do now."

"Someone from the God-creation Race went to the Divine Thunder Holy City?" Han Xiaoying was extremely surprised with this matter.

"What does that mean?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"I don’t know! In short, the God-creation Race has many mysterious techniques, and the number of various incantations you have mastered is also the greatest. " Han Xiaoying said: "Anyway, it’s better if you stay away from Divine Thunder Mountain Villa during this time."

"Do you know where God-creation Race’s old nest is?" Chen Xiang wanted to investigate who it was that killed Luo Jiuyang, but he didn’t know either. He wanted to find out who it was.

"I don’t know for now, but maybe I’ll find out in the future!" After Han Xiaoying finished speaking, he opened his palm and condensed a silver white pearl.

"Chen Xiang, take good care of this pearl! If I find anything else when I get there, I’ll send you to find me. "

Han Xiaoying had already come out of You Yao Mountain Villa, and handed the pearl over to Chen Xiang.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded.

"Can I see your real face?" Han Xiaoying chuckled. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Of course you can!" Chen Xiang smiled and changed back to his original appearance.

"So beautiful!" Han Xiaoying even touched Chen Xiang’s face.

"Take care of yourself!" Chen Xiang blushed and giggled.

Han Xiaoying nodded, then turned into a streak of silver light and flew far away with a flash.

"Master, when you have the time, refine my Six Realms mirrors and Heavenly magic sword for a while." Chen Xiang laughed: "Use Xiaoying’s blood to refine it."

"Alright, I’ll have my clone refine it now!" Refining the Six Realms mirrors would require a bit more blood, which would be even more lethal for the Creation Race. " Xiao Xianglin laughed.

Chen Xiang did not run around, but stayed far away from the Divine Thunder Holy City.

Ten days later, he arrived at a small city that was very far away from the Divine Thunder Holy City. From here, he could also hear some things about the Divine Thunder Holy City.

Chen Xiang was the clearest about what was happening in the Divine Thunder Holy City, so there was nothing much to inquire about. What he needed to know was what the God-creation Race was doing in the Divine Thunder Holy City and what his purpose for going there was.

Now, even in this small city, they only knew that the descendant of the royal family, Lin Tianshuo, was killed, and the whereabouts of Lin Tianshuo’s fiancee was unknown.

Before that, Han Yixian had sent a follower to the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa.

Everyone was sure that it was that follower who killed Lin Tianshuo and ran off with Lin Tianshuo’s fiancee, Han Xiaoying.

In this period of time, Han Xiaoying’s father, Han Yixian, actually unified the entire Ice-creation Sacred Race.

As for the mine that Han Yixian was controlling, that was already known to all. Therefore, right now, Thunder-creation Sacred Race did not dare to make a move against Ice-creation Sacred Race, otherwise he would fight with them and both of them would suffer losses.

Today, many people were also curious why Han Xiaoying would be taken away by the Thunder-creation Sacred Race to force a marriage. For this reason, the grandson of the Thunder-creation Sacred Race’s royal father had even lost his life.

... ....

Han Yixian was walking back and forth in his room. He was feeling very depressed, he told Chen Xiang to go and save Han Xiaoying, but Chen Xiang had already succeeded, and his speed was extremely fast. This was something he had never expected. What was even more unexpected was that Chen Xiang actually killed Lin Tianshuo.

Han Yixian was very clear that Chen Xiang must have used that Ice key to kill Lin Tianshuo.

"Lord, Thunder-creation Sacred Race definitely knows something! God-creation Race already went to the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa, if Shen Fei really used a Ice key to kill Lin Tianshuo, there would be remnants of his aura. " An old man said.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!