Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Han Yixian frowned, he was worried about this matter. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Yes, they will definitely know that Shen Fei has the Ice key in his hands." Han Yixian said: "They could also guess that I had given the Ice key to Shen Fei, so in the end, they would only chase after Shen Fei."

"They haven’t come looking for trouble with me yet, they probably know that I had already sent the Ice key out! I did not use the Ice key to deal with them, so they must thank me in their hearts, otherwise, I would be able to turn Most Ancient Era upside down. " Han Yixian scoffed, "If I wasn’t looking at the bigger picture, I would definitely have fought with them."

As one of the higher-ups of the Ice-creation Sacred Race, with his immense power, Han Yixian naturally had to take responsibility for protecting the Ice-creation Sacred Race.

"I have already discussed this with the Earth Saints and the Gold Saints. They have agreed to buy our Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystal, so I will give them a suitable price. This way, they will support us in the dark." Han Yixian said.

"But... But there is a God-creation Race over there! Furthermore, the Thunder-creation Sacred Race might join hands with the other Creation Race s to deal with us. " The old man was very worried.

"Alright, go and spread the news that the Thunder-creation Sacred Race used a barbaric method to steal my daughter. That is to say, they have taken a fancy to my daughter’s Ice Creation Saint Body." Han Yixian said: "As long as you spread this news out, the other Creation Race s will have one more thing to worry about."

The reason why Thunder-creation Sacred Race took a fancy to Han Xiaoying’s Creation Sacred Body and seized it was extremely obvious.

As long as one controlled the people who possessed the Ice Creation Saint Body and obtained a large amount of blood to refine divine weapons, they would be able to restrain all of the Creation Race.

In the next few days, this news spread throughout the large cities. Originally, many people did not know about the matter of the Creation Saint Body, but this rumor also detailed the matter of the Creation Saint Body.

Today, many people believed that it was true. Otherwise, they would not be able to understand why the Thunder-creation Sacred Race would suddenly attack and occupy a woman. With his illustrious status in the Thunder-creation Sacred Race, what kind of woman didn’t exist?

When Chen Xiang heard about this, he immediately guessed that this was something that Han Yixian had released. The reason was so he could tell the other Creator Clan that the Thunder-creation Sacred Race had set their eyes on them.

"This Han Yixian has covered up the news for a long time. He did not release him before because he was afraid that Xiaoying would be robbed and killed by the other Creation Race s, or else the Thunder-creation Sacred Race would kill Han Xiaoying in order to not make an enemy out of the other Creator Clans." Chen Xiang said.

"If the other clan members knew that Xiaoying was in the hands of the Thunder-creation Sacred Race and that they couldn’t get their hands on him, they would still force the Thunder-creation Sacred Race to kill Xiaoying! This is also the reason why Han Yixian didn’t dare to leak this information before. " Xiao Xianglin said: "But right now, Xiaoying has already escaped, so he is not worried."

While Chen Xiang was in the small city, he had always been thinking of a way to find out about the God-creation Race, but he did not make any progress.

Late one night, when he was resting, he suddenly felt the Ice key violently tremble. Moreover, it was constantly releasing its aura.

The Ice key was sealed with multiple dimensions, but its Qi could still be stolen.

"Master, what’s going on?" Chen Xiang was panicking.

"Run! Leave this city!" Xiao Xianglin said: "The reason the Ice key made such a commotion, is definitely because of those Creation Race s."

Chen Xiang quickly ran out of the city and rode on his Six Realms mirrors.

At this time, Xiao Xianglin was also dealing with the Ice key, but no matter what, the’s Qi was constantly being released.

"Xiaoying said before that the God-creation Race had many methods ... Maybe this is the doing of the God-creation Race. " Chen Xiang scolded in a low voice: "This bunch of bastards, just what method did they use to make the Chuangyuan key move like this? I wonder if the other Chuangyuan key would also do the same."

He looked at the other Chuangyuan key, those Chuangyuan key were actually sealed very quietly.

"What should I do now? You can only run away like this? " Chen Xiang’s head was in a mess. If he stopped, someone would definitely chase after him.

In the next few days, the Ice key would constantly release auras. Although the auras were weak, it was true that the auras were unique to the Chuangyuan key, and the people of the God-creation Race would definitely be able to track them.

Just like that, Chen Xiang rode his Six Realms mirrors at its fastest speed, he didn’t dare to stop.

After more than ten days, the Ice key finally quieted down and did not have that kind of activity from before.

Chen Xiang was relieved, and he slowed down his pace.

He had been running around these past few days, so it was unknown if he had been chasing him.

After slowing down his speed, two days later, he suddenly sensed a weak aura. After all, there was someone chasing after him. There was only one aura!

"He’s here!" Chen Xiang immediately increased his speed, but suddenly he heard a sound transmission to him.

"Is it Chen Xiang? I am Gu Tong! "

Hearing that, Chen Xiang immediately stopped, he wanted to look for Gu Tong too, but now, he realised that Gu Tong had found him.

Gu Tong was flying in the air, his speed was not slow either. From his Qi, one could tell that he was at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and his breakthrough was fast.

"Senior Gu, how did you find me?" Chen Xiang looked at the young man in front of him and was pleasantly surprised. Gu Tong was still the same as before, looking like a teenager.

"Are the Ice key in your hands?" Gu Tong said in a serious tone, "I found them based on this."

Chen Xiang hurriedly nodded.

"When news of Divine Thunder Mountain Villa spread, I knew that there was a follower named Shen Fei, I guessed that it was you." Gu Tong sighed: "This really does seem like your way of doing things!"

"Senior Gu, I have too many things to tell you." Chen Xiang said.

"Me too! The Ice key is in your hands, have there been any changes during this period of time? " Gu Tong asked quickly.

"Yes, yes, yes!" Chen Xiang was having a headache about this matter, "It’s been two days already."

"If you use the Ice key to kill the people of Creation Race, then the Ice key will be in a state of awakening. As long as you use the blood from the Ice-creation Sacred Race’s people to do it, the Ice key will go insane and the Ice key will be able to release its aura so that it can be easily tracked." Gu Tong said.

"This is the work of the God-creation Race?" Chen Xiang could guess that someone must be up to no good.

"Yes!" That person is already dead, so they need to capture another person. Moreover, they need to capture someone from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and that person is not easy to capture, so it will take a period of time. " Gu Tong said: "I’ll bring you to a place, seal the Ice key first."

Gu Tong must have experienced a lot, if not he wouldn’t have known so much.

"Un, hurry!" Chen Xiang had been scared these past few days.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!