Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Hey, set the automatic subscription status for this book ~

Gu Tong was also worried that some strong enemy would come to find Chen Xiang, so he anxiously brought Chen Xiang to that place to seal the Ice key. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Senior Gu, the Ice key was given to Han Yixian by the Tao-creation Divine Lord, why didn’t he give it to you back then?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Tao-creation Divine Lord had originally thought that giving the Ice key to Han Yixian would allow him to perform an act and unite Ice-creation Sacred Race. It’s just that she didn’t expect that Han Yixian’s daughter would actually be taken away, which resulted in Han Yixian continuing to endure patiently." Gu Tong said: "If Tao-creation Divine Lord knew that Han Yixian’s daughter was the Ice Creation Sacred Body, he might have had another plan in mind."

Gu Tong used a flying discs to fly with Chen Xiang high up in the sky. Although the speed was not fast, the flying discs would occasionally travel through space and time, this way they wouldn’t leave auras behind along the way.

"What about the Tao-creation Divine Lord? Where is he? He is so powerful, and he must be very powerful to be able to use two Chuangyuan key. " Chen Xiang said: "Why did he send the Chuangyuan key out? You gave one to Senior Luo, and even caused her death! "

Chen Xiang had a lot of complaints about this.

"Chen Xiang, this is very complicated! You may not know this, but Tao-creation Divine Lord is already dead! He had secretly sent the two Chuangyuan key out before his death. In the Most Ancient Era, if one does not have Chuangyuan key, then they are invincible. " Gu Tong sighed. When he mentioned Luo Jiuyang’s death, his heart was heavy.

Luo Jiuyang had been with him for so many years, he would not be around if he said he wasn’t.

Tao-creation Divine Lord was also dead! Chen Xiang went silent, he did not know what the Tao-creation Divine Lord was doing, to pay such a heavy price for two keys!

"Why didn’t he just send the Chuangshen key out?" Chen Xiang replied: "If I give it to God-creation Race, wouldn’t there be nothing else?"

"Chen Xiang, there is a reason why Tao-creation Divine Lord refused to give his Chuangyuan key to Tao-creation Divine Lord even after he dies! No Chuangyuan key can ever fall into the hands of the God-creation Race. "

Gu Tong let out a long sigh, "God-creation Race is the strongest of the Creation Race, but they were also restrained by the Chuangyuan key, which is why they didn’t act rashly for so many years. Their current strength is very strong, but they still have the power to restrain them. It’s precisely because they don’t have any Chuangyuan key in their hands, that’s why the other Creation Race can deal with them by joining hands. "

"If they have a set of Chuangyuan key in their hands, then all the other Creation Race s will be wiped out by them!"

< >

"And then? It doesn’t seem to affect us at all! " Chen Xiang said.

"Do you really think that it is natural for Most Ancient Era to imagine such a thing? Among them, the black hand is the God-creation Race! " Gu Tong said: "The God-creation Race controls the Most Ancient Era to devour the era of the Myriad Tao. This way, the Most Ancient Era’s overall energy will be even greater."

"I even thought that Tao-creation Divine Lord had given up on the Myriad Tao era ... Back then, we almost died in Tao-creation Place. " Chen Xiang frowned: "Then what is God-creation Race’s final goal?"

"The ultimate goal of the God-creation Race is extremely terrifying! But they were unable to complete it themselves, which was why they secretly joined up with the Thunder-creation Sacred Race. " Gu Tong said, "They want to obtain the Chuangyuan key, then eliminate the other Creation Race. Finally, they will set up a super large formation to gather all of the Most Ancient Era’s energy and let them absorb it, allowing them to break through to an even stronger realm."

"The power you have in the Most Ancient Era includes also includes you and me ... We are all energy, and they have already set up that super array. Once we open this super array, everything inside the Most Ancient Era will be absorbed by that array, especially for those like us who have a lot of energy in our bodies, we will slowly be swallowed by that array. "

When Chen Xiang heard these words, he could not help but shudder: "Have they already started?"

"Of course not! The moment they start, the other Creation Clans would immediately realize that Most Ancient Era was originally created by the Creation Race, so they are very sensitive to the flow of energy within the Most Ancient Era. Gu Tong said: "And this is exactly what the God-creation Race are afraid of, so they want to eliminate the other Creation Race s."

"They can totally join all the Creation Race s!" Chen Xiang said: "Didn’t they join hands with the Thunder-creation Sacred Race?"

"No, because in their eyes, the other Creation Race s are just a huge wave of energy. If we lack this energy, they won’t be worried enough, but there are a lot of people between Thunder-creation Sacred Race and the God-creation Race. If we lose the energy of the other Creation Race, it won’t be enough for them to share." Gu Tong shook his head: "Now do you understand why Chuangyuan key are so precious?!"

"Doesn’t that mean that Yuan Yanying is even more precious?" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, "Thunder-creation Sacred Race did not tell God-creation Race that Yuan Yanying is the Ice Creation Sacred Body!"

"Yes, Thunder-creation Sacred Race wants to monopolize the energy of the entire Most Ancient Era." Gu Tong sneered.

"God-creation Race should be very angry by now. He will be tricked by Thunder-creation Sacred Race, and luckily you saved Yuan Yan ... Right, where’s Yuan Yanying? We have to protect her well! "

"This... She said she was going somewhere, and then she left on her own, and we didn’t have to worry about her, she was so much better than we were. " Chen Xiang said.

"I don’t know much about the Ice Creation Saint Body. Big brother only mentioned it occasionally." Gu Tong recalled and said: "He said that at that time, the ancestors of the great Creation Race s were all Primordial Sacred Body, and then for some reason, went extinct, and the Chuangyuan key were all refined by them.

"Later on, when it came to Big Brother’s generation, they took the Chuangyuan key and went to start the era of Myriad Tao. On one hand, it was to prevent the Creation Race from killing you to death with the Chuangyuan key, and on the other hand, when they were there to start the era of Myriad Tao, they were also wary of each other." Gu Tong said. [Pen, i] [- Pavilion]. com

"Then did Tao-creation Divine Lord say anything about gathering all the Chuangyuan key together? Chen Xiang asked, he was only short of that Chuangshen key.

"He’s also very curious, but he will never get the chance to do so. Right now, the other seven Chuangyuan key are all in the Tao-creation Place, so they might have already disappeared forever." Gu Tong asked, "What happened to Tao-creation Place in the end? How did you escape! "

"This..." Chen Xiang told Gu Tong about the Initial Thunder-creation Realm, but he didn’t say anything about him obtaining those Chuangyuan key.

"This Thunder-creation Sacred Race sure has a lot of tricks up his sleeves!" Gu Tong sighed.

Although the Thunder-creation Sacred Race had sent people to the Initial Thunder-creation Realm, that person was killed by Chen Xiang. That person was very arrogant back then, and the City of Thunder was taken down by Chen Xiang as well.

Chen Xiang guessed that the Thunder-creation Sacred Race was hiding something from the God-creation Race and had gone to the Initial Thunder-creation Realm to search for the Chuangyuan key.

"Senior Gu, where is your Chuangshen key sealed? "Don’t you have it with you?" Chen Xiang asked, if he did not bring it with him, he would never feel at ease.