Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Gu Tong was going to bring Chen Xiang to a place to seal Ice key.

"You can take it with you, but I can’t! Chuangshen key s are not so easy to control. If I carry them with me for too long, it will be easy for me to be affected and then fall into a lost state. I don’t even know what will happen to me. " Gu Tong said: "Your Ice key should be fine, it isn’t as scary as the Chuangshen key."

Gu Tong flew for many days with Chen Xiang before finally arriving in a desolate dead end. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

From high up in the sky, Chen Xiang could see a long black line on the ground in the distance.

Gu Tong brought Chen Xiang into the deep crevice, where there was a cave.

"Big brother brought us here before." Gu Tong brought Chen Xiang into the cave.

Chen Xiang saw a table in the cave. On the table, there was a very small formation plate and in the middle of the formation plate, there was a groove.

"Put your Ice key on it!" Gu Tong said.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang immediately took out the Ice key. The moment he put it on the ground, the Ice key began to tremble and then release a wave of aura.

"Crap!" Gu Tong’s expression changed, "How did they capture a legendary Ice-creation Sacred Race so quickly?"

"Isn’t it fine to just take this formation plate away?" Chen Xiang said.

"No, I can’t take it with me! Big Brother used a secret technique to absorb energy from below and used it to seal Chuangyuan key. It would be impossible to leave this place. " Gu Tong said: "You stay here and watch, I’ll go up to block them."

"How long would that take?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’ll take at least twenty hours." Gu Tong said: "I’m just afraid that they will use the super space-time array to teleport over."

Gu Tong had already ran up the stairs, he was extremely anxious inside the cave, he wanted to try and see if he could use the Time Domain to cover the array disc and increase his speed, but he did not succeed.

"I really shouldn’t have used the Ice key to kill that bastard." Chen Xiang secretly regretted it, they had left a clue, if not they would not have been traced.

"Even if you use other Chuangyuan key, you will be discovered!" Xiao Xianglin said: "Don’t blame yourself, if you didn’t use the Chuangyuan key, you wouldn’t have been able to quickly kill that Lin Tianshuo."

Chen Xiang could only walk around the cave anxiously, waiting for the seal to succeed.

After nine hours, Chen Xiang felt like he had lived for a thousand years.

"Soon, soon!" Chen Xiang was even more anxious. Once the seal was completed, he would be able to carry the Ice key far away.

Just as Chen Xiang was worrying about this, a rumbling sound came from above.

"Not good, they’re here!" Chen Xiang immediately released a magic body.

After the phantom body ascended, the scene that greeted him startled him. He saw that high up in the sky, there was a large black mass of people, there were at least 100,000 of them.

"These are all people from the Thunder-creation Sacred Race s. There’s actually so many of them, and they’re so powerful as well." Chen Xiang understood, even if they had Chuangyuan key s, they were not invincible.

What he saw through the illusions were the mighty powers of the Thunder-creation Sacred Race and the God-creation Race!

And Gu Tong only had him!

"This is bad!" Chen Xiang looked at Gu Tong who stood alone on that vast and empty land, and didn’t know what to do.

In his anxiety, Chen Xiang released two clones and two Red fire dragon s, waiting for the right time to run out.

Seeing that it was Gu Tong, an old man from God-creation Race said in shock: "Gu Tong, it’s you again! This is great, you won’t be able to escape. "

"Hmph, I don’t plan on running anymore. If you have the guts, then kill me!" Gu Tong laughed loudly, "And you will never be able to find the Chuangshen key! At most, you can only restrain your Ice-creation Sacred Race s. Although you can restrain other Creation Race s, their power is not strong enough. "

Chuangshen key are the strongest!

"Completed!" Chen Xiang saw that the light on the array disc had disappeared, and was overjoyed. He immediately took down the Ice key.

"Senior Gu, the seal has been completed." Chen Xiang told Gu Tong through his [Phantom Shadow].

"That’s great, hurry up and escape." Gu Tong replied, "Don’t worry about me."

"How can that be?" Chen Xiang would definitely not leave her alone.

"The Ice key has stopped moving!" They were currently floating high up in the sky, and upon knowing about this, they immediately sent people to surround Gu Tong.

"Arrest Gu Tong first!" An old man shouted, "Let’s go down and take a look!"

"Chen Xiang, there is an array inside the cave. Remember, you can find it for me to help you find the Chuangshen key." Gu Tong sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang immediately saw the cave and let Xiao Xianglin out.

"I have." Xiao Xianglin released two clones and memorized the array diagrams together.

"Senior Gu, please wait. I’ll go save you right now." Chen Xiang had already thought of a way, which was to have a clone lure away a portion of the people, then find a chance to take Gu Tong away.

Then, just as he finished speaking, the redness on Gu Tong’s body suddenly swelled up!

"Senior Gu, what are you doing?" Chen Xiang anxiously shouted.

BOOM!

Gu Tong’s body suddenly exploded out, causing an explosion of fire. The people who were rushing over all died, there were more than 10 thousand of them.

"Senior Gu!" Chen Xiang gritted his teeth as he used his penetrating power to get far away from this place. At this moment, the ground was constantly collapsing and the cracks in the mountain were already covered with shattered rocks.

Gu Tong self-detonated to death!

Chen Xiang’s heart was heavy. He felt that Luo Jiuyang probably died like this back then, in order to protect the Chuangshen key from falling into the hands of the God-creation Race!

"God-creation Race, I, Chen Xiang, am not finished with you." Chen Xiang was secretly resentful in his heart.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Chen Xiang who was deep underground suddenly felt the ground shake.

Someone was attacking this piece of land!

"Turn the surrounding area into purgatory." The old man from the God-creation Race shouted.

Rumble rumble rumble!

Tens of thousands of people split up in midair and crazily attacked this land of death. They knew that there was someone else hiding in the crevice, which was why they attacked so crazily in order to not let the people who were hiding in this place survive.

Chen Xiang was very deep underground and quickly sprinted forward. Fortunately, his penetrating power was strong enough so it wouldn’t be affected by the collapse of the earth.

Chen Xiang ran wildly underground for a few days before he finally escaped from the shaking place.

"Is it safe?" Chen Xiang did not come to the surface, but continued to move deeper, further away from that land of death.

More than a month had passed, and Chen Xiang had arrived at the surface of the mountain forest. It was extremely quiet, which made him feel a lot more at ease.

Even though it had been over a month, when he thought back to how Gu Tong had self-destructed in front of his eyes, he felt an unbearable pain in his heart.

"Now we can be sure that Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong died just like that." Xiao Xianglin said: "I will try to use that Array to guess the location of the Chuangshen key."