Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang sighed, even the Tao-creation Divine Lord died because of the Chuangshen key, he did not know how terrifying the Chuangshen key was, he did not know why, but he was suddenly afraid of the Chuangshen key.

After resting for a while, he began to search for the city.

After searching for a few days, he arrived at a small city. He then inquired about the nearby big cities from the small city.

"This city should be the strongest other than the Creation Race." After Chen Xiang entered this city, he discovered that it was much larger than the Thunder-creation Sacred Race and the barrier around the city was very strong as well.

Most Ancient Era had existed for many years. Other than those Creation Race s, there were also some very powerful existences among them. They would also establish their own power to fight against the Creation Race and not be bullied by the other Creation Race s.

"Divine Power City, I hope I can stay here for a while." Chen Xiang didn’t have anywhere else to go, and he didn’t want to return to the Hundreds of Flowers Village either.

As a large city, the Divine Power City was very well-received. Everyone here knew about the affairs of the Thunder-creation Sacred Race and the Profound Creation Saint Body.

The Thunder-creation Sacred Race had secretly developed his own strength and hidden it from the God-creation Race. He had not been taught a lesson by the God-creation Race, which made Chen Xiang puzzled.

"I’m safe for the time being, let’s not bother about these trivial matters." What Chen Xiang needed the most right now was to raise his own strength.

He had been asking around the Divine Power City about various types of medicinal pellets, but he did not manage to find any that could allow a late stage World Defying Stage Legendary Rank to step into the peak.

"Do I really need time to do this?" Chen Xiang was not a patient person.

"If there really isn’t any, we can directly find the medicinal materials to create the pill formula." He Fengyuan said: "Anyway, we have World Defying Dan grain, and a genius Alchemist like you."

"This will definitely require a very high level of Tao-creation divine medicine. At the very least, it will be a top grade Tao-creation divine medicine." Chen Xiang said: "This will take quite a bit of time to collect."

"Be patient. There will be an answer." He Fengyuan said.

A few days later, Chen Xiang’s clone suddenly heard a piece of good news. There was a guy called the Herb God in Divine Power City, who was recruiting for the Alchemist, who knew what he was planning to do.

The reason why he had the title of ’Herb God’ was mainly because this fellow had a very mysterious method of harvesting medicinal herbs. He was able to find many high grade medicinal herbs and even grow them.

The Medicine God himself was very strong, he was at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and his relationship with many of the Alchemist s were not bad. He was also the richest person within the Divine Power City, and also the strongest person.

What the crowd couldn’t understand was that the Medicine God had never openly recruited Alchemist, not to mention that he had many strong Alchemist friends. If he needed the Alchemist, the stronger Alchemist s would also recommend the other alchemist grandmasters to join him.

The biggest advantage of the Medicine God was that he had mastered a large amount of high grade herbs. This was extremely attractive to the Alchemist and he himself did not know how to refine pills.

"The Medicine God recruited the Alchemist to refine a mysterious pill. Although someone was able to refine this pill, its quality is far from what he wanted." Chen Xiang thought: "If I can refine it, the Medicine God will definitely reward me heavily, saying that I can choose five types of precious divine medicines."

This was a rare opportunity, of course Chen Xiang would give it a try.

He immediately went to the Medicine God’s store, which was a very large villa. The moment he came to the door and said that he was a Alchemist, someone would immediately bring him in.

Chen Xiang was brought to a Dan Hall to wait.

When night fell, the Medicine God finally came. He was a thin, tall old man who was in high spirits as he smiled at Alchemist in the great hall.

"Everyone, you really give me some face, I just started recruiting and already have so many Alchemist." The Medicine God laughed. It was said that the Medicine God was someone with the same surname, and his name was the Medicine God ...

"Medicine God, just tell me what pill you want to concoct." An old man laughed, "I was in seclusion, but after knowing that you had a mysterious pill that was hard to refine, I immediately ran over."

"Don’t be anxious. The medicinal ingredients required for a mysterious pill like me are extremely precious. Therefore, I must first see if everyone has the ability to refine them in order to avoid wasting the medicinal ingredients." The Medicine God laughed and then waved his hand, instructing someone to bring up a few baskets.

The contents of the basket were like gray stones.

"This is called the Huishen fruit. I will not talk about its specific uses first, what you need to do is to first know the uses of this fruit, and then refine it into a pill." The Medicine God smiled. "Each person has three. You only have three chances."

Chen Xiang looked around. There were more than two hundred Alchemist s here, some of them were in the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. To Alchemist, this realm could be considered to be very high.

There were also some who were at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and could be said to have gathered many outstanding Alchemist s.

When Chen Xiang obtained the three Huishen fruit, he also felt that it was strange. When he held them in his hands, they felt like they were made of stone.

If it wasn’t for the fact that the Medicine God said it was a fruit, everyone would have thought that it was some kind of refining material!

Therefore, at this moment, many people were feeling strange. They all thought that this was a blacksmith’s ore...

Chen Xiang quietly placed a fruit inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, letting He Fengyuan have a look.

"This is the medicinal herb, I’m sure of it." After He Fengyuan received it, he could immediately confirm it. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"For what purpose?" Chen Xiang asked: "If it really is a medicinal ingredient, then I do not have any problem in refining pills!"

Chen Xiang had already taken out his pill furnace and started refining. There was no time limit, but refining this kind of high level medicine definitely required a lot of time, so many people would take out their Time array s, and they would spend many days inside the Time array refining. This way, the Medicine God wouldn’t have to wait for a long time.

"This is not a high-grade fruit!" He Fengyuan saw that Chen Xiang was about to take out the Time array, and anxiously said: "You will not need too much time, you will have to wait, I need to understand more before I can tell you the specifics."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang did not immediately start refining like the other Alchemist s. He took a glance at the Medicine God and saw a smile on his lips, but there was a trace of disappointment in his eyes.

Now that there were no results, the Medicine God was disappointed!

Chen Xiang felt that the Herb God must have already seen through them. The people here did not see the grade of the fruit and all went into the Time array to refine them.

Forget about high-level herbs, he did not even need to use Time array!

Very quickly, there were people who came out from the Time array. From their expressions of disappointment, they knew that they had all failed.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!