Chen Xiang was secretly glad he had He Fengyuan’s reminder, if he had tried blindly, he would have definitely failed. The Medicine God was not an ordinary person. He had spent a great deal of effort to gather all these Alchemist here, so the test he had given would definitely not be completed so easily.

"Feng Yuan, how is it now?" Chen Xiang asked, at the same time, there were already people who had failed and came out from the Time Formation, after they failed, they would only leave the middle area and go to the side.

They wanted to see if there was anyone who would be able to successfully refine it.

Right now, only Chen Xiang had not started. There was no time limit, so there was no problem no matter how much more he waited.

"It’s about time. This fruit looks very strong, but it can’t be burned with fire ..." Furthermore, when these fruits come into contact with flames, they will produce a strange reaction and instantly burn up. If you cannot quickly prevent the medicinal herbs from burning up, then the Huishen fruit will be burnt away very quickly. "

Through her special ability, He Fengyuan understood the characteristics of Huishen fruit.

"For what purpose?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Its specific use... It looked grey and indistinct, but this kind of fruit had a very good effect. It could rapidly grow the bones and flesh ... It can even strengthen the flesh and bones. " He Fengyuan said: "Go refine one first and take a look."

Chen Xiang took out his pill furnace, and after placing the Huishen fruit in it, he released a weaker flame to burn.

"What’s going on with this kid?" Doesn’t he use Time array s? The Huishen fruit did not look like a low level medicinal ingredient. It would take a lot of time for him to refine it directly. " Someone said.

At this time, many people were paying attention to Chen Xiang’s side, because he was the only one who had not started refining and did not use his Time array.

"In any case, he will fail in the end, and I did not fail very long after starting. These types of medicinal ingredients are truly strange. They can only be tried three times and it will be difficult to successfully refine them before the pills are produced."

"That’s right! The first time was because the flames that I released were too strong and burned away all of the medicinal ingredients in one go. "

A few Alchemist s were also discussing the unique part of the Huishen fruit in low voices.

The Medicine God was extremely interested in Chen Xiang, because Chen Xiang did not use Time array to refine it. This meant that Chen Xiang had already discovered that this was a low level medicinal ingredient. Furthermore, Chen Xiang had to observe for a while before he started to refine it.

After Chen Xiang released the flame to burn the Huishen fruit, he quickly felt the Huishen fruit burning up on itself, and its burning speed was extremely fast, so he quickly thought of a way to save it. It was as if he put away the flame inside the pill furnace, and then used his consciousness to separate the flame above the Huishen fruit.

"This is bad!" Chen Xiang was shocked, because the Huishen fruit’s flames had already burned into the interior. By the time he discovered it, he was already a step too slow.

"It’s just as Feng Yuan said!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, opened the pill furnace, and continued to place the second one.

When the crowd saw that he had failed, they also secretly laughed, because they all had this kind of experience.

"It looks like I can only use fire and water to refine it!" This was a method used in the Heavenly Alchemy, it could release flames in the water to refine medicinal ingredients.

Huishen fruit would spontaneously combust, and the flames they produced after spontaneous combustion were very special as well. The speed of combustion was very fast, and would even quickly burn internally, causing the entire Huishen fruit to become crippled if it wasn’t careful. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang condensed some water out and placed it inside the furnace. The water that he had was not ordinary water, it had been condensed from Legendary gas.

At the moment, the Huishen fruit was already immersed in the water inside the pill furnace. Chen Xiang released the flame and poured it into the water to start burning the Huishen fruit.

After the Huishen fruit was burnt by the flames, it did not spontaneously combust. This meant that the situation with the spontaneous combustion had been effectively controlled.

"I’ve finally passed this stage." Chen Xiang sighed, then continued to refine the Huishen fruit.

The Huishen fruit’s outer appearance was grey, but after being refined, it had turned into a silvery white crystalline color.

"Chen Xiang, this kind of Huishen fruit does not need to refine into a pill, it would be better to refine the medicinal powder." He Fengyuan suddenly said: "This is a type of external medicine."

"Alright!" Although he did not need to condense the pills, Chen Xiang still used a derivation method to make the quality higher. Finally, he used pressure to grind the crystals into powder.

This was indeed not some high grade medicinal herb, and Chen Xiang had refined it in more than two hours.

After opening the pill furnace, he poured out some sparkling powder. When everyone saw this, although they were surprised, they did not think much of it.

"This guy still failed. He just turned the medicinal herb into white ashes."

"He seems to have been going on for a long time. What is he doing? "Looks like no one will be able to succeed today!"

When these people scoffed at the silvery white crystal powder refined by Chen Xiang, they saw that the Medicine God had immediately walked up to them with an excited expression.

"Do you know what effect this medicine has?" The Medicine God asked in pleasant surprise.

"External treatment." Chen Xiang laughed.

"This is called Brilliant Powder. Not only can it treat all kinds of serious wounds, it can also be used for information on burns and poison injuries. Refining powder for external use is the most suitable." The Medicine God nodded immediately, then patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder and said with a smile: "Little brother, you should be considered very young. What’s your name?"

"Just call me Ah Sen." Chen Xiang laughed faintly.

"Alright, Ah Sen, come with me!" The Medicine God anxiously brought Chen Xiang and left the great hall. It was only then that Chen Xiang realised that he was the only one who was still concocting pills.

The surrounding people were all stunned. What they thought was impossible, was someone had actually done it, and the few people who had mocked and ridiculed Chen Xiang earlier, had flushed red all over.

... ....

The Medicine God brought Chen Xiang into a small hall and laughed: "Ah Sen, how do you know about the effects of this kind of medicinal ingredient?"

"I tried a little. I can feel it from that energy."

The Medicine God nodded his head: "This is the power of a powerful Pill God!"

"Medicine God, you seem to be troubled by some difficult problem? You have a pill that you can’t refine? " Chen Xiang asked, as long as he could concoct those pills for the Medicine God, he would be able to obtain the best quality of Tao-creation’s Divine Medicinal Herbs from the Medicine God, which was what he needed the most right now.

"Yes!" I need to concoct a kind of medicinal powder similar to the Brilliant Powder for external use. " The Medicine God nodded. "I cannot reveal the specific person I am helping to treat."

"This is your private matter. All I need to do is refine what you need." Chen Xiang said with a smile: "When can we start?"

"I can give you the medicinal herbs right now ..." "There are ten sets of ingredients in total. You just need to refine a box of medicinal powder and give it to me." The Medicine God gave Chen Xiang a Storage bag. Inside were ten sets of medicinal ingredients and a small box.