Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

The small box was not big, and did not need much medicinal powder. Chen Xiang estimated that he would only need to use two sets of ingredients. Please search for ()! Fastest novel [how good] -79-

"I know of a few alchemy gods. Although they can refine it, their quality can’t meet my requirements. This type of medicinal powder has very high requirements for quality. As long as it is just a little bit less, it won’t have any effect." The Medicine God said, "The Brilliant Powder that I just made is of excellent quality, so I think you might succeed."

"I will do my best!" Chen Xiang nodded.

"The name of this pill is Rebirth powder, it can rebirth a person ... ... It can cure both internal and external injuries, it can cure all kinds of strange poisons, and it can let a person’s body be reborn, even if it is rotten to the core, as long as you can ’touch’ this kind of Rebirth powder, you can recover back to your original state, it is extremely strange, it is a very perfect healing pill, but it is very difficult to refine.

The Medicine God said: "If you are unable to succeed in these ten portions, I will continue to provide you with the ingredients. If you are able to successfully refine the Rebirth powder and give it to me, as for the rewards, you can rest assured that I will not treat you unfairly."

"I believe in medicine." Chen Xiang laughed: "Please provide the ’Medicine God’ a quiet place for me to refine pills."

The Medicine God brought Chen Xiang to the tallest place in the villa. It was called the Medicine Divine Pagoda, and at the top of the pagoda was a very comfortable, bright and quiet pill refining room.

"This place is really comfortable." The place Chen Xiang was at was very spacious, and he was the only one there.

Chen Xiang took out those medicinal ingredients. There were three types of fruits in a dish, and their surface were about the same as Huishen fruit s. However, the depths of their eyes were different.

"The fruits are the same as the Huishen fruit before, it’s just that the quality is a bit higher." "Chen Xiang said, this way, he would not have to pass He Fengyuan.

There was no need for Chen Xiang to use his own Time array here, because the floor he was on had Time array s built into it.

"The person the Medicine God needs to save is very important to him, and he’s also very strong." He Fengyuan said.

"How do you know he’s strong?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Who is the ’Medicine God’? Did he not have all sorts of healing pills? But only this kind of Rebirth powder is required, and the requirements for quality are also very high. " He Fengyuan said, "From this, it can be seen that the person he saved is a very strong person, and only the most powerful of people would be able to survive after receiving such heavy injuries."

"Although I’m curious about what kind of person he is, this is, after all, his private matter." Chen Xiang laughed: "Right now, I just need to refine the Rebirth powder."

Chen Xiang felt that refining the Rebirth powder s should not be too difficult. Even the Medicine God had said before that even the Pill Gods he knew could refine it, but the quality was still a little lacking. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Chen Xiang was best at refining high quality pills.

"This’ Medicine God ’is a reliable person. He can be strong." He Fengyuan said: "Try your best to refine the highest quality for him."

"That’s exactly what I was thinking." Chen Xiang placed a portion of ingredients into the pill furnace, using the Water Fire Refinement technique.

Right now, he was officially refining high level pellets, so he would even be refining incantations or World Defying Dan grain s in the future.

Refining the medicine was a very smooth process, just like refining the Huishen fruit. As long as he suppressed the spontaneous combustion of the fruits with water, it would be fine. The only difference was that it would take a very long time to refine them.

Right now, the refined ingredients were all condensed into a huge ball of crystals by him. He started to use his derivation to charge at them, going through them thrice, which was about his limit. Furthermore, he released his clone to use the Pressure mantra.

"Let’s start refining the World Defying Dan grain and go in." The World Defying Dan grain that Chen Xiang refined was a Huajing Dan grain. If the quality of the ingredients used was of a very high quality, then the amount of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals required to awaken the pill imprint was also very high.

"This should at least cost a hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals!"

Chen Xiang placed five hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals into the furnace at once. This was what Han Yixian had given him before.

"I still need a long time. I’m going out for a stroll!" Chen Xiang walked out of the pill refining room and went outside.

After exiting the alchemy room, he saw Yao Shen sitting in a hall.

"Ah Sen, are you done refining?" Yao Shen asked anxiously, he was actually waiting for Chen Xiang here.

"This... "Not yet, but it’s about time. I came out to get some fresh air." Chen Xiang said.

"You’ll run out when you’re halfway through refining?" The Medicine God laughed: "Ah Sen, your pill refining skills are truly bizarre!"

"The stage of Awakening of Pill Marks... It will take time, you should know that. " Chen Xiang laughed, "After the awakening of the Pill Mark, I will then refine it into a powder and that would be great."

"Your World Defying Dan grain can awaken by itself?" Yao Shen asked in surprise.

"Mn, awaken by absorbing the power of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal on its own." Chen Xiang said.

"Impressive! Since you have such a profound pill technique, you shouldn’t be a nobody!] I have been in the Most Ancient Era for many years, what kind of Pill God do I not know? However, none of them seem to have your alchemy skills. " The Medicine God exclaimed.

"I’m a bit more low-key, so I don’t want to be too famous." Chen Xiang laughed.

The Medicine God also understood Chen Xiang’s intention now, so he did not pursue the matter.

"Since Ah Sen is so ’confident’, then I am relieved. I will go and take care of some matters first, you will definitely not disappoint me." The medicine god said.

"Alright!"

The Medicine God left in a hurry. There were indeed many things that needed to be taken care of.

Chen Xiang sat outside for a while, drank some tea, and then returned to the pill refining room.

"It’s done! "Faster than I thought." Chen Xiang used up two hundred thousand of the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, which was one hundred thousand more than what he had expected.

But Chen Xiang felt that it was still not enough, so he had to release two of his clones to refine it. He had to compress it even smaller, so the quality would be even higher.

After that, he grinded the crystal ball into powder, which was just enough to fit a box. It took him a few months, but he was inside the Time Formation, so not much time had passed outside.

After the pill refining was successful, Chen Xiang immediately left the pill refining room and went to find the medicine god.

When the Medicine God heard that Chen Xiang had come to find him, he hurriedly put down the matter at hand and met with Chen Xiang in a small hall.

"Medicine God, how about you? If you can’t do it, then I can only continue to work hard." Chen Xiang said.

The moment the medicine god took the box, he found that the powder inside was golden and had a dense smell coming out of it. He could not help but take a deep breath, this quality had already far surpassed his own standards.

"Enough, enough." The Medicine God was shocked, his heart was also excited: "Ah Sen, you’re really powerful!"

Chen Xiang only smiled slightly.

"Let’s go, I’ll bring you to my secret medicine room first and let you choose five top quality Tao-creation Divine Medicines." The medicine god was very happy, immediately bringing Chen Xiang to the medicine room.