Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang’s heart was also secretly excited, this medicine room of the Divine Medicine God must definitely be filled with treasures. Please search for ()! Fastest Novels (Advertisements) -79-

There were more than thirty kinds of top quality Tao-creation Divine Medicines, which was already considered very rare. Top quality Tao-creation Divine Medicines were rarely seen, but himself was able to collect more than thirty of them!

"Ah Sen, this is a rare opportunity, do you want it?" The Medicine God laughed.

Chen Xiang allowed He Fengyuan to merge with his soul inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, so it was equivalent to He Fengyuan entering his body.

He Fengyuan needed to find five of these thirty ingredients that were the best matched and would greatly improve late stage World Defying Stage Legendary Rank s.

"I may need some time." Chen Xiang said.

"It’s fine, there’s the Time Formation in here, it can’t stop me from doing anything." "Now, I can let go of all other matters," said Yao Shen with a smile.

The Rebirth powder seemed to be very important to the Medicine God, but he did not know who he was going to use it to save.

He Fengyuan had to choose from a long time, and spent an entire ten months before he could pick out all five ingredients. He did not feel that it was much, because he understood that Chen Xiang was extremely sensitive to the energy of medicinal ingredients and would definitely choose something that he was satisfied with.

"Alright, thank you god." Chen Xiang laughed.

"I want to thank you." The Medicine God laughed out loud: "No need to be polite. If you have any problems in the future, you can come here to find me. You are my VIP."

"I’ll be a frequent guest here even if I’m empty." Chen Xiang was also satisfied.

After the Medicine God sent Chen Xiang out of the Medicine God Villa, he himself was also in a hurry to bring the Rebirth powder to save the person.

"Feng Yuan, are those five ingredients enough?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It should be enough. I don’t know where I can find a better one now." He Fengyuan said. She had already ’handed’ the ingredients over to the Mei Jing Sisters and the others, so they could use the Time array s to plant the seed.

Chen Xiang strolled around the city, because there was an Alchemy God Villa here, there were many Alchemist in the city as well as various medicinal ingredients. He bought a lot of medicinal ingredients, and even if he didn’t use them, he would still buy them, mainly for the sake of collecting and enriching his medicinal ingredients.

Chen Xiang was in a medicine shop when he suddenly heard someone speak from outside: "Ice-creation Sacred Race’s Han Yixian is here, could it be to look for an alliance with the Medicine God?"

"Han Yixian has a large amount of Flaming Tao-creation Divine Crystals, which is extremely beneficial for refining pills."

"Right now, Thunder-creation Sacred Race and God-creation Race are eyeing Ice-creation Sacred Race covetously, so the pressure on Han Yixian is not small. Fortunately, he sold a large portion of the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals at a low price to other Creation Race in exchange for an alliance."

Chen Xiang had also thought about going to find Han Yixian, but he was worried that he would be ambushed if he couldn’t find him, so he didn’t go.

Now that Han Yixian had come, this was also good news to him.

He walked out of the shop and quickly found out where Han Yixian was. There was also an ice mountain there, and Han Yixian stayed at that place.

Chen Xiang snuck in during the night.

There were so many enchantments on Divine Thunder Mountain Villa that were unable to trap him, let alone this ice mountain. After entering, he used his illusory body to quickly find Han Yixian.

"Lord!" Chen Xiang did not immediately meet Han Yixian. He was worried that something might have happened and it would be safer this way.

Han Yixian was resting when he heard Chen Xiang’s sound transmission.

"Shen Fei! Where’s Xiaoying? Is she with you? " Han Yixian was very concerned about his daughter.

"She’s not with me. She’s amazing! After I broke the seal on her sacred body, she said that she wanted to go to a place by herself, and then she left. " Chen Xiang replied, "She also doesn’t want me to follow her."

"Well, she should be fine." Han Yixian was a lot more at ease knowing that Han Xiaoying had fallen behind.

"Lord, what are you doing here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I have something else to do! You have to hide well during this period of time, I know your situation. " Han Yixian said: "I didn’t expect you to rescue Xiaoying so quickly. So many things happened afterwards."

Han Yixian was being chased by the Thunder-creation Sacred Race s, Han Yixian was also aware of this.

"When Xiaoying returns, she will definitely become very strong." Chen Xiang laughed: "At that time, your Ice-creation Sacred Race will no longer have to be so afraid of your God-creation Race and Thunder-creation Sacred Race."

"Let’s hope so! Shen Fei, what are you doing here? I might be able to help you! " Han Yixian said, he was extremely ’agitated’ by Chen Xiang.

"Originally, there were some matters. Now that it has been resolved, I will help Yao Shen refine the pills that he needs. After that, I will get the ingredients that I need." Chen Xiang said.

"You’re actually a Alchemist! Wait, do you think the pellet you refined for the God of Medicine is called the Rebirth powder? " Han Yixian asked in shock.

"How do you know?" Chen Xiang immediately thought that the guy the Medicine God wanted to save was related to Han Yixian.

"This... The person that the Medicine God used Rebirth powder to save, is the clan emperor! " Han Yixian sighed: "This guy, it’s really surprising, he can actually refine Rebirth powder."

The person whom the medicine god saved, was the clan emperor of the Ice-creation Sacred Race!

Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, no wonder He Fengyuan said that the person who he wanted to save must be a strong Ranker.

The Ice-creation Sacred Race’s emperor had been missing for many years and still hadn’t returned. He should be injured now, and seriously.

Chen Xiang had already been troubled by the matters of the Creation Race, so he decided to put this matter at an end for now.

"Who injured him?" Chen Xiang asked.

"From the injuries on his body, we will be less injured by the four different powers. Thunder-creation Sacred Race and God-creation Race will be participating as well." Han Yixian sighed.

Chen Xiang guessed that this Ice-creation Race Emperor must know something that caused her to be besieged like this. There were a lot of useless things these Creation Race s had to deal with. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Lord, when you see the Medicine God, do not expose me. He does not know that I am Shen Fei." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright!" Han Yixian had already known that Chen Xiang was not an ordinary fellow, but he had not expected that Chen Xiang’s true identity was actually a Pill God!

After Chen Xiang bid farewell to Han Yixian, he left the Divine Power City. Since the Ice-creation Race Emperor was here, it was very possible that he had recovered after using the Rebirth powder.

Xiao Xianglin was researching the Array that Gu Tong had left behind, and the Chuangshen key was hidden inside.

"The Chuangshen key might be hiding the Initial God-creation Realm’s secret!" Chen Xiang thought that the Chuangxie key he had obtained previously had the Transmission array that led to the Initial Evil-creation Realm.

"It’s very possible that no one has ever been to the Initial God-creation Realm!" Feng Ke’er replied: "Initial God-creation Realm is definitely a different place."

"We can only find out after we obtain the Chuangshen key." Chen Xiang had to be very careful, the thing that Gu Tong and Luo Jiuyang were desperately protecting would probably be taken away by someone after it reached his hands.