Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Fortunately, Xiao Xianglin had a clone, so he was able to busy with a few things at the same time. Right now, the most important thing for her to do was to help Chen Xiang refine the Six Realms mirrors and add the Heavenly magic sword’s blood into the blood. This would have a very strong effect on the Creation Race.

Mei Jing Sisters and the others had already grown a portion of medicinal ingredients, and Chen Xiang immediately threw them into the process of refining pills.

"Five top-grade Tao-creation Divine Medicines, this is not easy to refine!" Chen Xiang had already understood from He Fengyuan that the characteristics of these medicinal ingredients required a very strong flame in order to refine.

"Although my current flame is fine, it’s definitely not strong enough. It will take a lot of time, and it will also affect the quality. If I don’t master it well, it will cause instability."

Chen Xiang secretly calculated as he looked at the flames he had released.

"Get the Red fire dragon out!" could only do this because the flames of the Red fire dragon were stronger and more stable. Other than that, he had to place the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystal inside.

The Flame God’s Crystal was originally useful in refining pills and could enhance the flame and quality, which was why the Fire God’s Crystal was so important.

Xiao Xianglin had also confirmed that the divine weapons refined from the Fire Holy Crystals were much stronger.

"The Fire Holy Crystal should be able to help a lot. I’ll give it a try!" Chen Xiang did not use the Fire Holy Crystal before when he was refining the Rebirth powder.

This time, he definitely had to see how effective it was. He had quite a few Flaming Holy Crystals in his hands, and they would be wasted if he didn’t put them there.

Chen Xiang placed the Fire Holy Crystal into the pill furnace, then released the legendary dragon fire inside, using the legendary dragon fire to ignite the Fire Holy Crystal.

If the flames weren’t strong enough, it would be impossible for them to ignite the Flaming Crystal.

"These Sacred Flaming Crystals are truly strange." Chen Xiang looked at the burning golden flames inside the pill furnace and couldn’t help but exclaim in his heart. The flames produced by the Sacred Fire Crystal were very fierce, but they were extremely bizarre, as if there was a very gentle kind of power that would have a very good effect when burning medicinal ingredients.

"Although the flames are not bad, it’s impossible to refine those medicinal ingredients like this." Chen Xiang put all five of the top grade Tao-creation’s divine medicines into the furnace.

After that, he would release the legendary dragon fire to strengthen himself. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"If we let it burn very slowly like this, the quality of the Medicine crystal that will be created will definitely be greatly reduced. We’ll need an even stronger flame to burn it."

The legendary dragon fire that Chen Xiang released, combined with the flames of the Sacred Fire Crystal’s spontaneous combustion, was still not enough. The heat resistance of these medicinal ingredients surpassed many of the materials used to refine. It was precisely because of this that the resulting pill had such a strong effect.

Chen Xiang had no choice but to use the Pressure mantra, releasing a very strong pressure to squeeze the flames from many sides, slowly pressing the flames in the pill furnace into the medicinal ingredients.

"The effect is much better!" When Chen Xiang sensed that the flames had entered the medicinal ingredients, he secretly heaved a sigh of relief. Previously, he was a little worried that this method would damage the medicinal ingredients.

Even if the Mei Jing Sisters and the others were to grow and reproduce, they would need a lot of time to get their hands on a set. Therefore, he had to be careful in refining so as to not fail and waste the ingredients.

The next step was the long process of refining the herbs. He needed to use fire to burn the herbs and release the energy within the herbs. During the process of releasing the energy, he would refine and refine the herbs in order to condense the energy into crystals.

At this moment, there were many tiny crystal particles floating within the pill furnace. This was the form of the ingredients after they had been refined.

Chen Xiang spent an entire thirty years of time to refine it.

"It’s a good thing we have Time array. Otherwise, it would take too long to concoct such high-level medicinal ingredients." Chen Xiang had previously seen many Alchemist s carrying a Time array with them when they were refining various pills. Most of them would use Time array to save time.

Only the Time array would not worry about wasting too much time, and would not be in too much of a hurry, as it would allow the Alchemist to calm down and refine pills.

After refining the medicinal ingredients, Chen Xiang would then enter a more difficult stage, which was the process of derivation and refinement of the medicinal ingredients.

"I hope that I can succeed!" This was the stage that Chen Xiang was most afraid of when refining high level medicinal ingredients, because when colliding with one, it would emit a very strong power, and if he did not control it well, he would fail.

Now that he had two doppelgangers and the power of the doppelganger was not weak, he would be more at ease.

After the clone was released, Chen Xiang started to use his derivative technique, which was then followed by a collision!

The pill furnace shook violently, and the charge was successful!

Chen Xiang was more worried about the pill furnace. Although it had been refined by Xiao Xianglin many times, Chen Xiang was still worried that it would explode during the process of refining.

"One time is enough!" Chen Xiang could no longer afford to clash with it, it was not only the pill furnace that could not take it, it was also possible that he himself could not withstand the impact.

Chen Xiang could only use a derivation method to allow the largest Medicine crystal to spawn a few smaller ones before condensing the pellet.

The reason the quality of the pills he concocted was so high was because of the derived Crash method.

"It’s much more convenient to have Pressure mantra!" The pressure released by Chen Xiang’s copper drum clone could quickly condense pills.

And lastly, he had to inscribe the World Defying Dan grain, which wasn’t arduous, it just used up the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals.

"There are only three hundred thousand Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, I don’t know if it’s enough." Chen Xiang looked at the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals in the furnace and sighed: "I need to go out and get more Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals."

Chen Xiang previously had quite a few Holy Crystals of the Tao-creation, but they were all used to refine the Tao-creation’s divine beads.

Chen Xiang placed the pill furnace inside the Time array, then left the cave and headed towards Divine Power City.

Even though he had used nearly a hundred years to concoct pills, he had always been inside the Time array, so it had only been a day or so outside.

Chen Xiang went into the Divine Power City and ran directly towards there.

When the Medicine God heard that Chen Xiang had come to find him, he immediately received Chen Xiang.

"Ah Sen, you came really fast. Did something happen to you in terms of pill refining?" He had already given Ice-creation Race Emperor a set of Rebirth powder s, so he would still need some time before he could fully recover.

"I did encounter some difficulties. I am currently lacking the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals." Chen Xiang laughed: "I have a pill formula and I hope to sell it to the Medicine God. The Medicine God will definitely give me a good price."

"Oh? "What pill formula?" The Medicine God was also looking forward to it.

"It’s called the Peak dan. After the Late period of World Defying magic realm is consumed, you will be able to immediately step into the Peak of World Defying magic realm." Chen Xiang said: "The Peak dan s are names that I have chosen myself. If you really buy the pill formulas, you can change your name."

"Good!" Make a batch for me to see! If the effects of this pill are really like this, then I will definitely give you a good price. " The Medicine God was secretly surprised, he actually has this kind of pill. If the pill formula were in his hands, he would definitely be able to make a huge profit.

Chen Xiang immediately refined it. The Peak dan needed the World Defying Dan grain, so of course Chen Xiang would not give the Huajing Dan grain out.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!