Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Flying Dan grain was relatively easy to learn, and Chen Xiang felt that it wouldn’t be difficult to master the Pill God here.

Chen Xiang finished refining the pellet very quickly, and he smiled: "I will sell you the World Defying Dan grain as well, because if this pellet didn’t have the World Defying Dan grain’s match, it simply wouldn’t have the effect of making a reservation."

"If you even have World Defying Dan grain, then I have to pay a higher price." The Medicine God received the Peak dan from Chen Xiang. After he looked at it carefully, he ate it.

After a while, he nodded, "Although I don’t understand the specific effects, but from my experience, this effect is definitely not wrong!"

"Sell one hundred million Tao-creation Divine Crystals to me along with the World Defying Dan grain. Are you willing?" The Medicine God said.

Of course Chen Xiang was willing. A hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals was a huge sum to him, enough for him to use for a very long time.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang passed the pill formulas, Flying Dan grain s, and related medicinal ingredients to the Medicine God.

The Medicine God was also very satisfied as he said with a smile: "These are one hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals!"

Chen Xiang was also unsure, he believed in the Medicine God.

"Ah Sen, you must be a very powerful being, you shouldn’t be hiding your name like this." The Medicine God said.

"That’s because I have too many enemies. I had no choice but to do this." Chen Xiang laughed bitterly: "In the future, you might know what kind of enemies I have."

After Chen Xiang obtained the one hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals, he hurriedly left the Medicine God Mountain Villa. Previously, he had felt a trace of Han Yixian’s aura from inside, but Han Yixian was already inside the Medicine God Mountain Villa.

The Peak dan was already of no use to Chen Xiang, but after the Medicine God bought them, he could use his enormous resources and the Alchemist s under him to concoct these pills in large quantities.

Right now, Chen Xiang did not have the energy to manage this sort of thing. The first thing he needed to do was to let his cultivation reach its peak before doing anything else.

Returning to the cave, Chen Xiang immediately went inside the Time array to check on the situation inside the pill furnace.

"The consumption of the Tao-creation’s sacred crystals is indeed shocking!" Previously, when Chen Xiang was refining the Rebirth powder, he was shocked by the consumption of the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal.

And now, the five top quality Tao-creation Divine Medicines he had refined consumed even faster and faster than before. More than seventy to eighty percent of the three hundred thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals had already been used up.

Even though he had consumed so many Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, the Huajing Dan grain still hadn’t awakened. It was still a long way away from doing so.

"Good, good, good!" Chen Xiang was also secretly excited, the more Holy Crystals the World Defying Dan grain used to awaken it, the more powerful the pills would be.

The pill formulas that He Fengyuan had created were all helpful for raising the cultivation level of the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, they could be used in various aspects. Looking at the situation with the consumption of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, the effects of the pill would definitely not be disappointing.

Chen Xiang poured a million Tao-creation Holy Crystals into it in one breath, then left the Time array and waited outside. He would occasionally enter the Time array to check the situation. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Chen Xiang, I have refined your Six Realms mirrors." Xiao Xianglin came out of You Yao Mountain Villa and handed the Six Realms mirrors over to Chen Xiang.

"Master, you said that I used this Six Realms mirrors to kill the people from the Creation Race. Can they track me like they did with the Ice key?" Chen Xiang was very worried about this. If it was possible, it would bring him a lot of trouble.

"It should be possible!" Because this was refined using the blood from the Ice Creation Sacred Body, it is equivalent to a Ice key. " Xiao Xianglin said: "You don’t have to worry too much. By then, you will have already stepped into the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, so naturally you won’t be afraid of those fellows."

"That’s true!" Chen Xiang laughed as he looked left and right at the Six Realms mirrors.

"The Six Realms mirrors does not seem to have changed from the outside ... However, a large amount of Holy Blood ice crystals were refined into the materials as a whole. " Xiao Xianglin said: "That is to say, the energy released by the Six Realms mirrors is able to restrain those Creation Race s. For example, killing formations and so on, they all carry this kind of restraining energy."

"The Heavenly magic sword is the same!" Xiao Xianglin handed the Heavenly magic sword over to Chen Xiang.

"The rest is up to that pellet. If we succeed, we’ll soon step into the peak of the legendary realm." Chen Xiang said.

Xiao Xianglin was also really looking forward to the effects of that pellet.

"I have other things to do first." Xiao Xianglin said.

Chen Xiang made another trip into the Time array s to check on the consumption rate of the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals. At this time, he had already used up more than half of the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals.

After a little more than half a day, after Chen Xiang entered the Time array, he discovered that all of the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals had been used up.

"Success!" has consumed more than a million Tao-creation Sacred Crystals. " Chen Xiang exclaimed.

These Tao-creation Sacred Crystals were a lot to Chen Xiang, if not for the Tao-creation Crystal Mother, he would not have been able to obtain so much, unless he sold it for a very long time.

"What’s left is the effects!" After Chen Xiang ate the pellet, he started to refine it inside the Time array.

What shocked him was that the energy released by this pellet was extremely terrifying. It almost bursted his body and then crazily seeped into every part of his body. His Divine Sense Sea was already filled with this kind of power.

You Yao Mountain Villa was currently enveloped by a blue energy.

"This won’t do. If this goes on, I will explode." Chen Xiang immediately released two clones and two Red fire dragon s. At this moment, three Red fire dragon s madly devoured the blue energy in his body.

"If you really want to eat this kind of pellet, you must use a special method to slowly release your energy. Otherwise, the consequences would be extremely serious," Chen Xiang was almost unable to control himself just now.

If it was the energy absorbed by the avatar, all of it would be transferred to the original body. However, a large portion of the energy would temporarily remain inside the avatar’s body and would be slowly absorbed by the original body later on.

Chen Xiang used two clones, the rate of absorption was also very fast, but it also took around two thousand years. That was right!

"Not yet. I need to eat a few more pills before I can break through."

Chen Xiang came out of the Time array and took a few sets of medicinal herbs from the Mei Jing Sisters. He was going to use the Twin dan grain to refine them together, and make two pellets at a time.

After reaching the stage to awaken the Inscription, Chen Xiang placed it into the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal. Then, he left the cave and headed towards the Divine Power City.

"Feng Yuan, give that pill a name." Chen Xiang said.

"Legend rank Heavenly Pill!" He Fengyuan said.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, after he entered the Divine Power City, a very powerful pill had immediately appeared in the Medicine God Mountain Villa, allowing people to quickly reach the peak of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, it was called the Peak Apothecary Pellet of the Arrogant God Realm.

"Change your name!" Chen Xiang had also needed more than twenty days time to cultivate and he wanted to see how the Ice-creation Race Emperor was recovering.