Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang headed towards the direction where the Ice-creation Sacred Race was building the huge ice mountain. As he was on the way, he suddenly sensed a very strong barrier fluctuating out of nowhere.

"The entire city is on full alert!" Suddenly, someone shouted. He could hear the sound of a bell ringing in the distance.

"Why should the entire city be on guard?" Just as Chen Xiang asked this, a large group of people appeared in the sky above.

This group of people were flying over on clouds, they looked extremely aggressive. When Chen Xiang saw them, he knew that they were either the God-creation Race or the Thunder-creation Sacred Race.

"It’s them. What are they doing here?" Chen Xiang’s heart jumped, he had been surrounded by these guys before.

At this moment, the voice of the Medicine God could be heard.

"Thunder-creation Sacred Race, why have all of you come here? You have blocked the sunlight from shining on Divine Power City." The voice of the Medicine God was ice-cold, and contained a hint of anger.

Chen Xiang also saw that the group of people were right above the Medicine God Mountain Villa.

"Nothing, we’re just here to see an old friend! "Medicine God, you seem to be living quite well now. It seems that even us Creation Race can’t compare to you." An old man from the Thunder-creation Sacred Race said in a strange tone.

After Medicine God Mountain Villa bought Chen Xiang’s pill formulas, they successfully refined a Peak dan and fought on a large scale. This truly made many powers jealous, especially those Creation Race, because they were the first ones to appear in the Most Ancient Era and had been surpassed by ordinary humans.

"Old friend? When am I going to be old friends with you? Don’t think that just because you’re Thunder-creation Sacred Race you can overlook yourself. I have never treated you all as my friends. " The Medicine God laughed, his laughter filled with ridicule.

Chen Xiang was sure that the Thunder-creation Sacred Race was here for the Ice-creation Race Emperor. He was secretly surprised in his heart. So the energy of the Medicine God was this strong, it was actually able to fight against the Thunder-creation Sacred Race.

The Medicine God knew a lot of Alchemy Gods, and many people could not afford to offend them, so even if the Thunder-creation Sacred Race wanted to offend them, he had to think carefully about it.

"Medicine God, don’t play dumb. He is with you. We can sense his aura." The person from the Thunder-creation Sacred Race said angrily.

"Who are you talking about? Ice-creation Race Emperor? He is indeed healing at my place. A while ago, his luck was bad and he was bitten by a group of vicious dogs. Fortunately, I have some pretty good healing pills, so he has pretty much recovered. " The Medicine God laughed, "He is not your old friend. What kind of old friend is a dog that bit him?"

Many people were frightened when they heard the Medicine God’s words. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Ice-creation Race Emperor, who had been missing for so many years, was actually recuperating inside the Medicine God Mountain Villa. From the Medicine God’s words, it could be seen that Ice-creation Race Emperor was heavily injured from being surrounded by many people, and had yet to recover completely.

Chen Xiang could also see from this that the relationship between the Medicine God and the Ice-creation Race Emperor was not ordinary.

"Ice-creation Race Emperor has always been thought to be dead. It looks like he is still alive."

"So he was saved by Pill God!"

"The one who injured Ice-creation Race Emperor should be him, right?"

Just now, the Medicine God scolded Thunder-creation Sacred Race as a vicious dog. It could be seen that the Medicine God was not afraid of the Thunder-creation Sacred Race at all.

"Good!" Pill God, you can do it, but you have the guts to do it, I want to see how long you guys can do it for. " The old man from Thunder-creation Sacred Race said.

"Hmph, forcing another person’s daughter to marry into your Thunder-creation Sacred Race, that’s what you call brave! However, you guys were also tricked by someone even more daring. A certain dog was killed by someone, hahaha... This is great news. " The Medicine God was referring to Lin Tianshuo, the one who was killed by Chen Xiang.

"Just you wait, us Thunder-creation Sacred Race will not let this go." The people of Thunder-creation Sacred Race were very angry, but at this moment, they also seemed to have concerns about the Medicine God.

The people of Thunder-creation Sacred Race left just like that.

Divine Power City recovered once again, and the enchantment was withdrawn.

Chen Xiang walked on the streets and headed towards the Medicine God Mountain Villa, while at the same time, the entire city was in an uproar.

How did the emperor of the Ice-creation Sacred Race clash with the Thunder-creation Sacred Race? Many people were very curious about this.

Chen Xiang arrived in front of the big doors of the Medicine God Mountain Villa. He took out the plate the Medicine God gave him, and he could easily enter the Medicine God Mountain Villa.

The moment he learned that Chen Xiang had arrived, he immediately came to receive him. This was mainly because the quality of the Rebirth powder that Chen Xiang had refined was a great deal higher than that of the other Pill Gods.

"Ah Sen, you heard it too ... To be honest, Rebirth powder was used to heal the Ice-creation Race Emperor. " The Medicine God could no longer hide the truth from Chen Xiang. "Ice-creation Race Emperor recovered very quickly, it’s all thanks to you."

"It’s nothing, it’s good as long as I can save him!" Chen Xiang laughed: "I never thought that the Medicine God was really domineering, to be able to scold this bunch of bastards from the Thunder-creation Sacred Race so bitterly!"

"That’s true. After all, I am still an adult and have a strong foundation. The Thunder-creation Sacred Race only dared to chase after me and clamor, bullying the weak while fearing the strong. If they really meet a powerful fellow, they can’t do anything in the end." The Medicine God laughed: "If they were to really attack me, both of us would definitely suffer losses. They cannot bear this kind of loss, it will cause them to be even worse off than the current Ice-creation Sacred Race."

"Thunder-creation Sacred Race and God-creation Race seem to be allied together!" Chen Xiang said: "The last time something happened to Thunder-creation Sacred Race, he rushed over as soon as possible."

After all, the Thunder-creation Sacred Race was hiding the truth from the God-creation Race to make the final decision! He wants to secretly take over the Ice Creation Holy Body and then secretly develop it. Once it develops, he will definitely get rid of the God-creation Race. " The Medicine God took a sip of tea and laughed: "Fortunately Han Xiaoying managed to escape in the end, otherwise, the consequences would have been unimaginable."

"God-creation Race is definitely blaming Thunder-creation Sacred Race right now for not telling them about this." Chen Xiang laughed.

"If Thunder-creation Sacred Race were to tell others about Han Xiaoying, he would definitely take Han Xiaoying’s life as his own and kick him away. When he becomes stronger in the future, he will sweep away all the other great Creation Race." The Medicine God pursed his lips: "That’s what these Creation Race are thinking. Although they are both Creation Race s and look good on the surface, they can’t tolerate each other in the dark. They wish that you would die."

"Ah Sen, have you made any progress in refining pills with those five medicinal ingredients?" The Medicine God asked.

"Not yet!" Chen Xiang shook his head. Actually he had made good progress, it was just that he did not achieve what he had expected.

However, he felt that if he consumed the pellet at the early and middle stages of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he would definitely be able to smoothly break through a realm.

"Tell me what the result is. I’m very curious." In fact, he had also been stuck at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank for a long time, and this seemed to be his final destination.

To reach this realm, one had to rely on divine weapons, various powerful pills, and the people under one’s command.

"Of course." Chen Xiang nodded. He originally only came to Divine Power City to take a walk, but came here later on when the Thunder-creation Sacred Race came by.