Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang reckoned that the World Defying Dan grain inside the Time array was about to awaken, so he bid farewell to the Medicine God and quickly left the Medicine God Mountain Villa.

After walking out of the Divine Power City and entering a large mountain, Chen Xiang suddenly felt a strong aura attack.

"I’ve been ambushed!" Chen Xiang thought about it, from the Qi he sensed that the person was from Creation Race.

He felt the aura and was about to escape, but he found himself trapped in a domain. Soon, his surroundings gradually darkened.

"Crap, I was sealed in something." Chen Xiang was extremely shocked, to have this kind of power, they were all extremely strong, and there must be a lot of people around.

"Got it!" Haha, the Alchemist in there isn’t that great, they are really weak. " An old man laughed.

"I heard that it was this guy who concocted that kind of pill to help the Ice-creation Race Emperor recover."

"According to the news that was sent back by the spy we sent to Medicine God Mountain Villa, there should be no mistake."

Chen Xiang had understood that there was a spy in the Medicine God Mountain Villa, so when he came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, he was followed. Until he left the Divine Power City, this group of Thunder-creation Sacred Race people started to attack him.

"It’s all my fault for being too careless." Chen Xiang originally thought that he would be fine after hiding Chen Xiang’s identity, he did not expect that Thunder-creation Sacred Race’s methods would be so despicable, and would go capture the Alchemist s inside.

"Take him back to the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa first, we’ll talk about it later. When the time comes, we can use this guy to talk to him and see if he handed over the Ice-creation Race Emperor. "

Chen Xiang was sealed in something, and it was pitch black around him. He looked at the pill furnace inside the Time array, and saw that the two Legendary Pellets had already been refined.

"These damn bastards, they actually dare to capture me." Chen Xiang cursed inwardly. The consequences of offending him were extremely severe.

After an unknown amount of time, Chen Xiang suddenly felt a blinding light in front of him. He was released, but there were strong seals all around him, and there were even a few peak World Defying Stage Legendary Rank s, all of them wearing masks.

"Are you from the Thunder-creation Sacred Race? What’s the point of wearing a mask? Do you also know how shameless you are to do such a thing? " Chen Xiang sneered.

"You, you have to understand your current situation." A masked man sneered.

"Of course I know that if I fall into the hands of despicable people like you, I’m sure my situation won’t be too good." Chen Xiang snorted.

"If you cooperate with us obediently, you’ll be able to avoid physical pain."

"First of all, you have to tell us what medicinal pill you are concocting, whether you have the medicinal ingredients or the pill formula. You have to tell us everything."

"No comment." Chen Xiang said: "I have signed a blood contract with the Medicine God and if I say it out loud, I will definitely die. It’s best if you don’t force me."

"If that’s really the case, we can only use you to find the Medicine God." The masked man laughed, "Now we need to wait a while, until Ice-creation Race Emperor comes out, before we take you to find them! I want to see if the Ice-creation Race Emperor will see you as her real savior. "

"You bastards, take off your masks. Let me see how ugly you are and how convenient it is for me to remember my enemies ..." Oh no, my enemy is the Thunder-creation Sacred Race, I can just annihilate the entire Thunder-creation Sacred Race. " Chen Xiang said coldly with anger burning in his heart. He hated being captured and threatened the most.

Pow!

An invisible palm pierced through the seal and struck Chen Xiang on the face, causing a burst of thunder to explode. Chen Xiang’s face was completely red and swollen, as a heart-wrenching pain caused him to let out a low growl. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Whatever, you’re a good Alchemist. You must have grasped quite a few good pill formulas, so hand it over honestly." A violent wave of Thunder power entered the seal.

Chen Xiang’s entire body was in pain from being struck by this power, causing him to roll around inside.

"I will never give it to you!" Chen Xiang clenched his teeth and roared: "All of you, just you wait, if you have the guts, kill me now, or else I will kill all of you Divine Thunder Mountain Villa dogs and chickens."

"Hahaha ..." A masked man sneered, "With just you? What ability do you have to deal with us? Rest assured, if not for the fact that you could use it to threaten the Medicine God and the Ice-creation Race Emperor, you would have definitely not lived to this day ... "

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!

The masked men surrounded Chen Xiang, continuously unleashing Thunder power on him, causing his skin to be ripped apart.

"Enough, let him rest first. Once he recovers, if he doesn’t hand over the pill formula soon, I’ll continue torturing him." A masked man said coldly, "Let’s go!"

The surroundings suddenly became dark, Chen Xiang was once again placed into an object, all four sides were filled with a strong sealing power, Chen Xiang tried to use his penetrating power, but to no avail.

"Sijing, beautiful, give me the power of rebirth, I want to heal my injuries!" Chen Xiang’s heart was filled with fury, but he needed to calm down now, and take the two Legendary Pellets after healing his wounds.

Jiang Sijing and Jiang Simei were also aware of Chen Xiang’s current situation. They and the other girls’ hearts ached as they released a strong power of rebirth to help Chen Xiang heal his injuries.

Chen Xiang already could not remember who was the one that dealt with him the last time, he only remembered that person dying miserably later on.

Chen Xiang spent a period of time inside the Time array to recover from his injuries, and then consumed two Extreme Heaven Pill.

That group of people thought that he would still need a lot of time to recover from his injuries, so he wouldn’t return for a while. Chen Xiang also needed to hurry up to refine the two Extreme Heaven Pills.

"I wonder how many more pills I’ll need to break through. I might not have enough time." Chen Xiang could only rely on refining the legendary Heaven level Pellet quickly. If he couldn’t break through, then he would have to make other plans.

Chen Xiang had already been locked in that seal for a month, and this month, he had been refining the Legendary Pellets inside the Time array. He had used all of his strength, refining the pills at his fastest speed, and now, he had completely refined the medicinal powers of the two pellets.

"What a dense Legendary gas, it can condense liquid!" Chen Xiang felt a dense Legendary gas floating around him, it was as if he was soaking in water condensed by the Legendary gas.

And in the water, his thoughts, the Legendary gas suddenly condensed into a fire dragon, just like a real dragon! With a thought, he formed another sharp sword.

"I’ve broken through!" Chen Xiang suddenly woke up, and looked at the sword by his side, which was condensed out by the Legendary gas.

Reaching the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he only needed a thought to turn Legendary gas into a myriad of things. However, the prerequisite is that the Legendary gas itself must be strong enough, and his own comprehension of Myriad Tao must be deep in order to quickly condense all kinds of things.

Generally speaking, people who had just stepped into the peak of the legendary realm would not be able to get their Legendary gas to transform that easily.