Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang looked at the Divine Sense Sea and discovered that the Red fire dragon that was small before had grown a lot larger, which meant that the Red fire dragon’s power had also increased by a lot.

"I’ve finally broken through!" Three Celestial Elixir Pills are said to be able to help you break through, the effect is pretty good. " Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief. This way, if Thunder-creation Sacred Race and the other fellows came to torture him again, he would have nothing to be afraid of.

Chen Xiang came out of the Time array and laid on the ground, waiting for the people from the Thunder-creation Sacred Race to arrive.

A few days later, the masked men from Thunder-creation Sacred Race finally arrived. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"This kid recovers quite quickly."

"He’s only at the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. Could he have relied on pills to recover so much?"

"It must be, he definitely has that kind of medicinal pill in his hands that will help Ice-creation Race Emperor recover."

"This time, I must definitely make him hand it over."

The masked seniors were all secretly excited, because they were very clear about the Ice-creation Race Emperor’s injuries. If they could get this pill, then there was nothing to be afraid of even if they received serious injuries in the future.

"Hey, kid, wake up." An old man released a Thunder power from the sky and struck Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang used his powerful Legendary gas to hide within his muscles. Even if the strong Thunder power were to attack him, he would not feel pain.

"No reaction? Did this kid commit suicide? " The other masked old man unleashed another, which released a hong sound and landed on Chen Xiang’s body.

The strike from the Thunder power caused Chen Xiang’s body to roll on the ground, but he still had his eyes closed, lying there like a dead dog.

"Is he really dead?" A masked man panicked, if Chen Xiang really died, all their plans for the past month would be for naught.

"Quickly open the spirit formation. Let’s go in and take a look."

Several masked men had joined forces to open the barrier!

Right at the moment they entered the barrier, Chen Xiang suddenly jumped up, and from his body flew two shadows, which were the two clones he released.

Chen Xiang and his two clones surrounded the five masked men from three sides, then released a Pressure Wall and used the power of three Red fire dragon s.

After Chen Xiang stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, the Red fire dragon had grown in size, and the Legendary gas in his body was even more powerful than Chen Xiang. Now that he had fused with Chen Xiang’s Legendary gas, the released pressure wall felt like a strong seal, preventing the five masked elders from moving at all.

"How did you become stronger?" This was the power of someone at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank ... Doppelgänger mantra, this is a Legendary mantra. " An old man exclaimed.

"Thanks to all of you, I have to become stronger. Only then can I torture you all and destroy the entire Thunder-creation Sacred Race." Chen Xiang’s voice was filled with killing intent, causing the five masked elders to tremble.

"Don’t worry, I won’t just get rid of you guys. Since you guys like to torture people so much, I presume you guys also like to be tortured!" Chen Xiang laughed and then released the legendary dragon fire.

Legend has it that the dragon fire used its immense pressure to press into the bodies of the five elders and enter their Divine Sense Sea s. At this moment, their souls and bodies were being burned by the raging flames, causing them to continuously scream in pain.

"How is it? Do I have enough strength to destroy the entire Thunder-creation Sacred Race? " Chen Xiang’s smile made the five elders even more terrified, but they couldn’t say anything, and could only scream in pain.

Being sealed within Chen Xiang’s pressure domain and being burned by the legendary dragon fire, they finally felt what it meant to be a living hell. This kind of pain made them wish they could die immediately, but their lives were completely in Chen Xiang’s hands.

After Chen Xiang burned it for a moment, he sneered: "All of you, honestly tell me, what are the good stuff in Thunder-creation Sacred Race?

After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he released more flames and burned them for a moment before allowing them to answer.

The five masked men hated Chen Xiang, but they were regretting it. They should have thought about it long ago, that if he was able to concoct pills that even other Pill Gods couldn’t, then he was definitely not weak.

Previously, they were very sure that Chen Xiang was only at the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. However, it had only been a month and Chen Xiang had already broken through. They had lived for so long, what kind of powerful flames had they not seen before?

But Chen Xiang’s legendary dragon fire was the strongest they had seen so far.

"Hurry up and tell me what kind of good stuff is hidden in Divine Thunder Mountain Villa." Chen Xiang’s eyes burned with fire, scaring this group of old men whose faces were full of fear.

"In the middle of Divine Thunder Mountain Villa is the sacred object of our Thunder-creation Sacred Race. It is a box, but ... This is the most precious thing to us in Thunder-creation Sacred Race. Although we cannot open the box, this box has provided all the energy to the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa over the years. " An old man said with a trembling voice.

"Do other Creation Race have such a thing too?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know." The old man shook his head and said, "Don’t kill us ... We just tortured you. If you kill us, the entire Divine Thunder Mountain Villa will know. "

"It’s fine, I’m not afraid!" Chen Xiang had a smile on his face as he called out the Heavenly magic sword, and then fiercely thrusted his sword at the few elders.

Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword was created using the Holy Blood Ice Crystal, just like the Ice key, which could restrain the Creation Race. Furthermore, after the Creation Race was injured by this power, he would die in pain.

"This... How could you have such a thing?! "

"It’s the power of ice ..."

"Could it be that this sword is made from the blood of the Ice Creation Holy Body?"

They suddenly thought that this person in front of them might be the person who saved Yuan Yanyin.

"I’ve said it before, I won’t let you die so easily." Chen Xiang laughed as he absorbed the black aura into the Six Realms mirrors so that they would not be discovered by the Thunder-creation Sacred Race. Like last time, they would be traced by Thunder-creation Sacred Race.

The five elders died from the pain, turning into black mist.

After they are killed, the life orb will also shatter and Divine Thunder Mountain Villa will immediately discover it!

Chen Xiang quickly cleaned up the place and dove into the ground. He headed towards the middle of the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa to find that box!

There were so many array seals in Divine Thunder Mountain Villa, it required a lot of energy, and all of these energy was provided by a box that could not be opened. It was clear how powerful the things inside were.

"I don’t know if that guy is lying to me. Let’s go take a look first." Chen Xiang had already stepped into the peak of the legendary realm, so he wouldn’t be as afraid of the strong warriors in Divine Thunder Mountain Villa.