Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang got rid of the five elders, the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa started to shake. The commotion was no smaller than the one caused by Lin Tianshuo, and practically the entire Divine Thunder Holy City could feel it.

The five World Defying Stage Legendary Rank’s peak rankers! This was a very strong power to the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa. When the strong powers were fighting, they were competing with the experts at the peak of the legendary realm, but now there were only five of them!

Previously, when Lin Tianshuo was killed, it wasn’t much, and was not enough to shake the foundations of the Thunder-creation Sacred Race. But it was different now.

The Thunder-creation Race Emperor roared, he had already arrived at the stone room where Chen Xiang was imprisoned, there were only remnants of Qi left in there.

... ....

The entire Divine Thunder Mountain Villa had been dispatched to search for traces of this place, and their city had been sealed as well.

But Chen Xiang very easily arrived at the place where the box was located.

"This place really has a strong box!" When Chen Xiang felt the energy released by the box, he was extremely shocked. The energy stored in the box far exceeded what he had imagined.

"This box has provided many years of energy for the various enchantments of the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa. After losing so much energy over the years, there’s still so much energy."

Previously, when Chen Xiang had used his penetrating power to enter the deep ground, he had already sensed the energy coming from below. That was why he was able to find the box following the direction of the energy being released.

The box was in a stone room, and there was no seal here. If there was a seal, the energy inside the box could also be absorbed.

Xiao Xianglin anxiously came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"This box isn’t too big!" Xiao Xianglin said. The chest was pitch black, both hands holding onto it, in the middle of an array formation. That was why Chen Xiang asked her to come out and take it.

"Master, can you take it down?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course you can. At this time, many sealing barriers are absorbing the energy of this box!" Now that we have sealed the city, the Divine Thunder Holy City’s formation barrier should be able to absorb the energy of the boxes. " Xiao Xianglin said, she had already walked over and carefully investigated.

It was because so many formation enchantments were absorbing energy that Chen Xiang could quickly sense where the box was.

"We have to leave as soon as we take the box." Xiao Xianglin said as he frowned.

"I know, take away the box, those guys will definitely find out." Chen Xiang laughed: Let’s take the box!

"No!" Once you cut off the connection between the boxes and the enchantments arrays, those enchantments would immediately collapse. And at this time, all sorts of enchantments contained a great deal of energy. It’s extremely likely that a very strong wave of chaotic energy will erupt. " Xiao Xianglin said seriously: "So you must leave this place as soon as possible!"

"Alright!" Chen Xiang also became serious at this time.

"Hurry up!" Xiao Xianglin took the chest away without hesitation and immediately entered the You Yao Mountain Villa.

In that moment, Chen Xiang felt the surroundings violently shake, he immediately used his penetrating power and quickly left the place. Just as he left, the stone room also instantly collapsed.

Rumble rumble rumble!

Many of Divine Thunder Mountain Villa’s enchantment formations were affected, and most of them immediately lost their effectiveness. Although only a few exploded due to insanity, they still gave rise to a very strong destructive force. In the blink of an eye, the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa was swept up by the air currents from the enchantments.

Chen Xiang pierced deep into the ground, and the movement below him was also extremely violent. Rumbling sounds never stopped, and the ground undulated up and down, forming many depressions in the entire Divine Thunder Holy City.

There weren’t many buildings in the city, and most of them were formed from giant mountains. At this moment, many of the giant mountains had already cracked.

After the great sealing formation enveloping the Divine Thunder Holy City was affected, it released waves of lightning that furiously struck down on Divine Thunder Holy City Fang. At this moment, everyone was shouting and fleeing from the Divine Thunder Holy City, no one knew what was happening, as they were actually destroying such a powerful and ancient city. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Divine Thunder Mountain Villa was the one who suffered the most, with heavy casualties. Only Thunder-creation Race Emperor and a few seniors were not injured, while the others were either dead or injured. To Thunder-creation Sacred Race, this was a disaster of complete annihilation.

... ....

"Clan Emperor, that chest was taken away!" An old man

"Who did it!" The Thunder-creation Race Emperor roared in anger, his angry voice shaking the entire area for thousands of miles, even the cities far away could hear it. The angry Thunder-creation Race Emperor, caused the heaven and earth to burst out with thunderous rage, causing the destroyed Divine Thunder Mountain Villa to become even more terrifying.

"It’s a Alchemist called Ah Sen ..." The old man was naturally clear of "Ah Sen’s" plan. He had told Thunder-creation Race Emperor about this matter, which made the Thunder-creation Race Emperor even angrier, because such a disaster had actually been brought back by themselves.

Of course, as a Thunder-creation Race Emperor, he had to get revenge.

"We will go to the Divine Power City to find the Herb God!" Thunder-creation Race Emperor was infuriated to the extreme, he had to vent his anger today.

... ....

In Divine Power City, the Herb God was drinking tea with an old lady dressed in white, and their faces were filled with seriousness.

"If not for Ah Sen, my Ice-creation Race Emperor would probably still be a living dead man." The white-clothed old woman sighed, "Now that Ah Sen has been captured by the bastards of the Thunder-creation Sacred Race, they have made us prepare. They must want to use this to threaten us.

This white robed old lady was actually Ice-creation Race Emperor!

"It’s all my fault, there’s actually a traitor in Medicine God Mountain Villa. If this matter had not been leaked, Ah Sen would not have been targeted." The Medicine God blamed himself.

The masked elders had already sent someone to inform the Medicine God that Ah Sen was being captured and that they should prepare themselves.

Just as the Pill God and Ice-creation Race Emperor were at a loss for words, Han Yixian suddenly rushed in.

"Ah Xian! What’s so tense? " Ice-creation Race Emperor asked anxiously.

"Divine Thunder Mountain Villa was destroyed, with heavy casualties! And this ... This was all because of Ah Sen, the Thunder-creation Race Emperor was already on the way here! It was Ah Sen who destroyed the entire Divine Thunder Holy City, the one who suffered the most. It is said that more than half of the people in the Thunder-creation Sacred Race died. " Han Yixian said with a face full of shock, "This is news that has been transmitted from many sources, it shouldn’t be wrong!"

Han Yixian still found it a little hard to believe! And only he knew, that Ah Sen was Shen Fei, the person who went to the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa to save his daughter.

"Are you sure this is true?" The Medicine God suddenly stood up and asked.

After Ice-creation Race Emperor heard it, he stood up and looked at Han Yixian. To them, this was too shocking!

The Creation Race here had been established for so many years, but they had never encountered such a disaster. Furthermore, there was a large number of enchantments and formations inside the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa which were extremely sturdy, and yet they had been destroyed by someone.

Han Yixian nodded, "It’s true! Thunder-creation Race Emperor would be here soon, they must be looking for Ah Sen. "

"Hmph, this group of bastards, it was they who took Ah Sen away first ... They were met with Ah Sen’s retaliation, and they still came to find us? We were still thinking about how to save Ah Sen just now. " The Medicine God snorted, but in his heart, he was secretly pleased. He admired Ah Sen to be able to turn Divine Thunder Mountain Villa upside down.