Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang received the mysterious chest, he excitedly ran far away from the Divine Thunder Holy City. He couldn’t wait to open the chest.

"Master, what could be inside the box?" Chen Xiang was not far from the Divine Thunder Holy City yet, so he couldn’t open it immediately either. Otherwise, he would be detected by the Thunder-creation Race Emperor.

"I don’t know either, but it’s something very powerful! Without being absorbed by the formation, the energy in the box will not be released. " Xiao Xianglin now carefully looked at the chest: "When you reach a safe place, I will remove the seal on the Chuangyuan key." Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Opening the chest required Chuanglei key, all of them were sealed.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang increased his speed. He rode his Six Realms mirrors and continuously flew for ten days and ten nights, and arrived at an unknown place. In short, there was no one else here, it was a lush forest.

"I’ve taken out the Chuanglei key." Xiao Xianglin said: "You can do it!"

Chen Xiang let go of the box and placed the Chuanglei key in his hands. Then, he inserted it into a hole and started to spin the dagger-like blue Chuanglei key.

Ka-cha! *

"It’s open!" Chen Xiang was very excited, he immediately opened the lid of the box, and saw a black stone the size of a watermelon.

"What is this?" Chen Xiang was extremely surprised. He picked it up and carefully examined it, frowning because he could not feel any energy at the moment.

Xiao Xianglin said: "It should be this thing’s ceaselessly releasing the dead energy!"

"But I can’t feel any energy from it!" Chen Xiang handed the black stone over to Xiao Xianglin.

Xiao Xianglin took it and looked. She too, could not feel any energy from the stone, and when she was at the bottom of Divine Thunder Mountain Villa, the box had released a lot of energy.

"Did it absorb all the energy?" Chen Xiang was a little worried. If that was the case, then he had worried for nothing.

"No!" It might require some special incantation to absorb the energy from it, or it might be through some other means! " Xiao Xianglin said: "The formation barriers inside the Creation Divine Thunder Mountain Villa all have Legendary mantra inside."

"Anyway, this is a good thing! After you go to the box, Divine Thunder Mountain Villa ... Even the entire Divine Thunder Holy City has turned into ruins. "

"I’ll ask the others when I get the chance. It’s a good item anyway, so I’ll keep it first." Chen Xiang chuckled: "The Divine Thunder Mountain Villa is destroyed, who told these fellows to be so vicious, to actually capture me, and want to torture me to death. Now, do they know if they regret it?"

... ....

Divine Thunder Mountain Villa was indeed regretful, but at the same time, he was furious. Thunder-creation Race Emperor had already come to Medicine God Mountain Villa, and was confronting both Ice-creation Race Emperor and the Medicine God.

They were quarrelling when they suddenly sensed something was amiss!

"It’s the Chuanglei key! The Chuanglei key has appeared! " Thunder-creation Race Emperor shouted in alarm and immediately looked in the direction that Chen Xiang was in.

Ice-creation Race Emperor also frowned: "Why would the Chuanglei key appear here?"

"Old granny, you better not have any ideas about us Chuanglei key! Haha, it was you who gave the Ice key to an unknown brat, now do you realize your wrongs! " The Thunder-creation Race Emperor laughed loudly. At this time, he didn’t have time to argue with Ice-creation Race Emperor and the others as he immediately soared into the sky and flew in the direction of Chen Xiang.

"Let’s catch up!" Ice-creation Race Emperor’s face was full of seriousness, because once Thunder-creation Race Emperor obtains the Chuanglei key, even God-creation Race might not be able to suppress them.

"Little Ice, you can feel it. The other Clans will definitely be able to do the same! It will not be that easy for Thunder-creation Race Emperor to obtain the Chuanglei key. " The Medicine God said, "Let’s catch up and take a look first."

Han Yixian also followed along, while he was still in the midst of Chen Xiang exterminating Divine Thunder Mountain Villa.

... ....

Inside the forest, Chen Xiang held onto the black circular stone and carefully probed it with his divine sense, wanting to discover the secret within.

"Master, this stone is really strange. It doesn’t weigh anything at all!" Chen Xiang said: "But it is extremely sturdy!"

Xiao Xianglin nodded his head, and then took out a basin of water. He placed the black stone orb into the water, and the black stone orb actually floated up.

"It really doesn’t weigh much." Xiao Xianglin frowned: "I just tested using an extremely strong flame power to not let this thing heat up."

"What an amazing thing." Chen Xiang released the legendary dragon fire and poured it inside. A short while passed and the black stone orb did not turn hot.

"How exactly do I get the energy inside? We do not have the Legendary mantra that the Thunder-creation Sacred Race s control. " Xiao Xianglin lowered his head and thought: "There must be a way, I need to study it carefully!"

Suddenly, the illusion released by Chen Xiang sensed a powerful Qi coming from afar.

"It’s the aura of the clan emperor. Several clan emperors, did they sense it?" Chen Xiang said, then immediately brought the chest and the black stone orb into the You Yao Mountain Villa, and sealed the Chuanglei key.

Just as Chen Xiang sensed the Qi of the Goblin Emperor, a ripple of energy suddenly appeared in the air, the Goblin Emperor threw out the array discs one by one, forming a barrier in the air, enveloping the entire ground.

Chen Xiang wanted to pierce through the ground, but a few meters was blocked by many enchantments.

"Dammit, how could these guys’ formation plates be so powerful!" Chen Xiang was unable to penetrate it at all. Right now, he could only conceal his presence and use the Counter Power to hide.

After the enchantments appeared, a large amount of fire also fell. In just a few moments, the forest was burned into flat ground. Inside the enchantment, there was only a bare piece of land.

That group of royal emperors floated in mid air, searching the area below.

"Medicine God, what background does this Ah Sen have? He stole the Spirit Stone from the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa, and he has the Chuanglei key as well. He opened the box and took the Spirit Stone out. " The words of the Thunder-creation Race Emperor caused the other clans Emperors to feel shocked.

All the clans knew about Thunder-creation Sacred Race’s chest, but it was opened by someone!

"So the one who owns the Chuanglei key and the one who destroyed the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa is actually the same person, and is even a Pill God that the Herb God knows. If my guess is correct, this should also be the person who refined the healing pellet for the Ice-creation Race Emperor." He is the Wood-creation Race Emperor.

The Medicine God and Ice-creation Race Emperor both never thought that this Ah Sen would actually be such a powerful fellow, to have a Chuanglei key at his disposal!

Han Yixian secretly swallowed saliva at this time. He knew that Ah Sen was Shen Fei, and Shen Fei had the Ice key in his hands, and now there were two of them. How powerful was Ah Sen!

"No matter what, the Chuanglei key is mine. Why did you guys follow me over?" The Thunder-creation Race Emperor said angrily: "Hurry up and put away your enchantments. I do not need your help."