Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

There were Chuanglei key s here, as well as the mysterious and powerful Source Spirit Stone. The Thunder-creation Race Emperor and the others were very angry because after the Clansmen felt the Chuanglei key, they all ran over.

Chen Xiang didn’t know why, but he took out the Chuanglei key and went in to attract so many people. When he had the Ice key before, he didn’t have this kind of situation. Moreover, his Chuanglei key had never killed anyone from the Creation Race here before.

"Could it be that it was because I opened the box that the Chuanglei key’s Qi leaked out?" Chen Xiang could only guess, that he was hiding underground using his penetrating abilities.

"Thunder-creation Race Emperor! None of us have a Chuangyuan key now, if you had one, I’m afraid it would be inappropriate. " The Fire-creation Race Emperor laughed coldly: "You better take care of what we feel!"

The other clan emperors also nodded their heads. If the Thunder-creation Race Emperor obtained the Chuanglei key, it would be a huge threat to the other Creation Race since the Thunder-creation Sacred Race had been in the dark all along trying to get rid of the other Creation Race. This was what they had done to Han Xiaoying previously.

The God-creation Race Emperor had brought a few clan elders with him here. At this moment, they did not say anything unnecessary, but carefully searched the area below.

Chen Xiang had already been scanned a few times by the God-creation Race Emperor’s consciousness, and the pressure in his heart right now was not small, because the consciousness of the God-creation Race Emperor just stopped on his body for a short while, as if it could sense his presence there.

"Humph!" With a light snort, the God-creation Race Emperor waved his hand and released a ball of golden light, blasting towards the place where Chen Xiang was hiding.

Chen Xiang had no choice but to move to dodge, but he was still locked onto by the God-creation Race Emperor, and the balls of golden light continued to explode outwards.

"Stop, this is my Thunder-creation Sacred Race’s problem!" He was already very unsatisfied with the God-creation Race, and now that the God-creation Race Emperor had made a move, it was clear that he wanted to snatch the Chuanglei key away.

Chen Xiang was no longer hiding it, and immediately ran out from the ground to reveal himself.

The Thunder-creation Race Emperor had already rushed down, and arrived in front of Chen Xiang. At this time, the God-creation Race Emperor also did not make his move, if not they would have to fight.

The Medicine God and Ice-creation Race Emperor both saw Chen Xiang but Chen Xiang was still using his appearance.

"Bastard, you are the one who destroyed our Divine Thunder Mountain Villa, causing us heavy casualties." The Thunder-creation Race Emperor shouted in anger.

"You guys found this yourselves! Let me ask you, why did you old fellows capture me inside the Divine Thunder Mountain Villa and torture me, causing me to suffer, forcing me to hand over the pill formulas that I possess! If not for my sudden breakthrough to the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, I’m afraid that all of you would have already used this breakthrough to threaten the Medicine God. "

Chen Xiang said angrily: "After I break through, I will naturally take revenge, this is perfectly justified, if not for you capturing me first, how could my Divine Thunder Mountain Villa have been destroyed, is this not what you were looking for?"

"Thunder-creation Race Emperor, you really are malicious! This was originally your fault. You should feel lucky that you’re still alive. " The Medicine God sneered.

"I am not aware of this!" I only found out later, and the five people who caught you were killed by you, yet you took away our Divine Thunder Mountain Villa’s sacred object? Also, you have our Thunder-creation Sacred Race’s Chuanglei key in your possession. If you exchange them all to me, we will write off our relationship. " Thunder-creation Race Emperor said in a stern voice: "Otherwise, only death awaits you. I will torture you to death."

Chen Xiang secretly resented being threatened by the Thunder-creation Race Emperor!

He stealthily looked at the other clan emperors, who all tensed up. If the Thunder-creation Race Emperor obtained the Chuanglei key, there would definitely be a good show to watch.

"I want the thing in the box, the Chuanglei key is useless to me right now, I can return it to you, what do you think?" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he did not wait for the Thunder-creation Race Emperor’s reply and directly threw the Chuanglei key over.

"Alright!" Thunder-creation Race Emperor immediately agreed when he received it.

The moment the Thunder-creation Race Emperor received the Chuanglei key, other than the Ice-creation Race Emperor, all the other royal families started to release their auras, and the ground started to tremble violently.

"Haha ..." I got the Chuanglei key, you guys come at me, I’m not afraid of you! " The Thunder-creation Race Emperor held the Chuanglei key in his hand and released his Legendary gas.

A few clan emperors were just about to make a move, Chen Xiang immediately rushed forward, raised his Heavenly magic sword, and slashed towards Thunder-creation Race Emperor.

"Hmph, you think you can kill me? "Scram!" Seeing Chen Xiang’s sword cutting down, his face was filled with disdain, he wanted to use his hand to break Chen Xiang’s sword.

When Thunder-creation Race Emperor’s arm struck towards Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword, it was actually directly chopped off by the Heavenly magic sword.

After the Heavenly magic sword cut off the Thunder-creation Race Emperor’s arm, it took the opportunity and continued to slash down, chopping at the Thunder-creation Race Emperor’s body, splitting him into two.

Chen Xiang retracted his sword and quickly slashed out, instantly dismembering Thunder-creation Race Emperor and then retracting the Chuanglei key!

"It’s not so easy to get my things!" Chen Xiang held onto the Heavenly magic sword tightly, his gaze was gloomy and cold as he looked at the few clan emperors who were about to attack.

Only the Chuangyuan key could have such power to restrain the Creation Race, and the longsword in Chen Xiang’s hand also had such power, which meant that it was refined using the blood of the Creation Saint Body.

"Medicine God, Ice-creation Race Emperor!" Chen Xiang used the fastest speed possible to give the Chuanglei key to the Herb God and the Ice key to the Ice-creation Race Emperor.

Just as everyone had guessed, this Ah Sen was Shen Fei, the person who saved Han Xiaoying, so the Divine Weapon in his hands was made from Han Xiaoying’s blood, and could restrain Creation Race!

The Ice-creation Race Emperor and Medicine God already had Chuangyuan key in their hands. Adding the Heavenly magic sword in Chen Xiang’s hands, all of these restrained the Creation Race. The other clan emperors originally wanted to attack Chen Xiang, but they had no choice but to secretly retract their powers.

Especially those Creation Race who were cooperating with the Ice-creation Sacred Race!

The Medicine God and Ice-creation Race Emperor held onto the Chuangyuan key tightly and immediately came to Chen Xiang’s side. They did not expect that Chen Xiang would actually give the precious Chuangyuan key to them so directly.

"Let’s go!" The God-creation Race Emperor said angrily as he fled with great speed, unwilling to give up.

Then there was the Fire-creation Race Emperor. They also ran very fast, but the Fire-creation Sacred Race and the Ice-creation Sacred Race were currently irreconcilable.

"For all these years, you and our Ice-creation Sacred Race have had a lot of grudges, but now that your relationship with us is stable, you all don’t have to worry about me making a move." Ice-creation Race Emperor said coldly: "I hope you guys can be more tactful from now on!" ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

The few elders of Thunder-creation Sacred Race also wanted to escape, but they were stopped by Chen Xiang using his Six Realms mirrors.