Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

After Chen Xiang entered the Medicine God Mountain Villa, he headed towards the Herb God Mountain at the center. The Medicine God and the Ice-creation Race Emperor were both there. Ice-creation Race Emperor had not completely recovered from the injuries on her body, and it would take some time for her to recover.

Although Ice-creation Race Emperor was injured, she was still very strong. When Chen Xiang arrived outside of the Herb God Mountain, he could feel the strong aura Ice-creation Race Emperor released when she was operating her cultivation.

Chen Xiang entered from a cave and arrived at the cave’s entrance inside.

"Senior Bing, you’ve recovered quite well. You should be able to recover completely after a while!" Chen Xiang laughed: Do you still need Rebirth powder?

"I’ve almost recovered from my body’s injuries. It’s just that I wasn’t able to get an effective cure for my injuries for many years, so I left some behind. I’ll need a long period of time to recuperate." Ice-creation Race Emperor smiled benevolently.

Ice-creation Race Emperor had already sent people to use the Sacred Blood Ice Crystal to refine Divine Weapons, and once the Divine Weapons were refined, she would be more at ease. At least, she wouldn’t have to worry about being bullied by other Creation Race’s people anymore.

The entire Ice-creation Sacred Race was already unified and she, the Ice-creation Race Emperor, had already returned. Her prestige was enough for the divided Ice-creation Sacred Race to gather together.

"Senior Bing, how much do you know about Tao-creation Divine Lord?" Chen Xiang felt that these emperors must know of the Tao-creation Divine Lord, as they were already part of the ancestors.

"He’s an old friend!" The Ice-creation Race Emperor seemed to know that the Tao-creation Divine Lord had passed away. She let out a long sigh: "His strength isn’t the strongest, but he has concocted pills and arranged formations. He is extremely proficient in all kinds of incantations! Afterwards, he brought the ancestors of various races to open up a new world ... I just did not expect the various races to become so strong and ambitious, especially God-creation Race and the others. In order to break through their limits, they had the entire Most Ancient Era in their sights. "

"How was the Tao-creation Divine Lord born? Amongst the Most Ancient Era, he was the earliest human? " Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know. In short, it’s all because of him that this Most Ancient Era was able to be perfected. Even though I’m a Ice-creation Race Emperor, I don’t really understand the things that happened before. Of course, the Most Ancient Era was very desolate back then, with nothing at all. "

"What about the Chuangyuan key? I heard that when the nine Chuangyuan key gather together, what would happen? "

This was what Chen Xiang wanted to know the most, because he had already gathered nine Chuangyuan key.

"The nine Chuangyuan key s were all refined using the blood of the person with the body of the Creation Saint." The Ice-creation Race Emperor thought back to the past, "At that time, I was still very young, and all of us nine Creation Race had the Immortal Execution Archipelago, and those who possess the Immortal Creation Sacred Body should have all become the clan emperors. But later on, for some reason, those people who had the Immortal Creation Sacred Body all disappeared."

"I only found out later that all those people were killed! I still don’t understand who killed him! Furthermore, the nine Chuangyuan key s were also created at that time. I only know that it has the effect of restraining themselves and also the method of returning to the Natal Creation Region.

"What is the purpose of all nine keys coming together? "I don’t know, but there’s a legend!"

Chen Xiang was also extremely doubtful in his heart: "Other than you Creation Race, are there other forces? Oh right, have you heard of Beast-creation Race? "

When Ice-creation Race Emperor mentioned the Domain of Creation, Chen Xiang immediately thought of the Beast-creation Race that was sealed inside the Domain of Creation, which was the clan Chu Jinfeng belonged to!

"Beast-creation Race?" Ice-creation Race Emperor’s pupils immediately contracted as his face revealed a terrified expression. "Where did you hear that?"

"This... Didn’t I come from the Creation Domain? It seems like there is a Beast-creation Race in the Creation Elemental Fire Domain. They were sealed but the seal has already been broken. " Chen Xiang said.

"This is not good!" Ice-creation Race Emperor’s face turned serious.

"Why?" Chen Xiang felt that Chu Jinfeng was a good person and had treated him well, so he felt that the Beast-creation Race as a whole should be a good place.

However, he also thought back to how the Beast-creation Race had released all kinds of beasts that destroyed cities. This made him extremely worried, because the Beast-creation Race was a terrifying force, especially those powerful beasts, they were not restricted by the Chuangyuan key.

"It’s a long story... In short, the Beast-creation Race was a hidden danger, they were sealed by the Tao-creation Divine Lord back then! "Back then, our clans were all in the Genuine Domain, and because of the situation inside, the power of the Genesis Realm gradually drained away. Only later on did we find out that it was the Beast-creation Race who had planned this in secret, and then we created the Most Ancient Era to rebuild a world suitable for us to live in."

"When we left the Genuine Domain, the Tao-creation Divine Lord sealed the Beast-creation Race inside!"

Chen Xiang frowned, he was secretly worried about the city inside the Initial Thunder-creation Realm, since it had many friends.

"How terrifying is the Beast-creation Race?" Chen Xiang asked.

"They are born with a terrifying devouring ability. They can speed up the power of heaven and earth and become stronger! At first, the Beast-creation Race was good, but after they created all kinds of beasts to enrich the world, they mutated and the beasts they created all had problems! Those beasts eat everything, and they also have the power of the Tao-creation’s crystal mother. They can condense the energy into the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal, and use it to strengthen their own bodies. "

Chen Xiang had previously seen that group of beasts in the Beast-creation Race.

"The Tao-creation’s crystal mother is of the same race?" asked. He had previously heard from Jing Yun’er that there were some Tao-creation crystal mothers in the Most Ancient Era.

They are a race, and can be considered a type of Elf. There are very few of them, and they are unable to reproduce. There are only so many in total, and the Most Ancient Era can grow and supply them with energy. The Ice-creation Race Emperor said.

Chen Xiang didn’t know how to find Jing Yun’er now either. After Jing Yun’er cultivated in Initial Evil-creation Realm for a period of time, he had become extremely evil. Fortunately, he still recognized him, and their relationship wasn’t bad.

"Looks like the Beast-creation Race is extremely dangerous. They might even come here ... From what I know, the people that the Thunder-creation Sacred Race sent to the Initial Thunder-creation Realm before were able to cooperate with the fellow from the Beast-creation Race. " Chen Xiang said.

"This is trouble!" Ice-creation Race Emperor took a deep breath, "If it’s really like this, then it may not be long before Beast-creation Race comes here. They should already know how to get here. I’m most worried about the God-creation Race allying with them and helping them to get here! " Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This was not a good thing. God-creation Race had always wanted to devour the entire Most Ancient Era, and now with Beast-creation Race added on, it would make people shiver.

"I have to enter the Time array to recuperate, Beast-creation Race will be our powerful enemy in the future." After the Ice-creation Race Emperor finished speaking, he hurriedly entered the secret room.