Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The Six Realms mirrors was flying in the air, while Chen Xiang and Jing Yun’er were inside, looking forward to something. Advertisements), most recent chapter access:.

"Big Sister Yun, Ice-creation Race Emperor said that Beast-creation Race is a hidden danger!" Chen Xiang said, then told Jing Yun’er about Ice-creation Race Emperor’s worry.

Jing Yun’er was the crystal mother of Tao-creation, and he had heard a lot of things from Tao-creation Divine Lord.

"Beast-creation Race was originally a member of the Creation Race and was part of the top ten Creation Race. However, none of their holy bodies appeared, meaning that they would not be restrained, and because they are very strong themselves, coupled with their cultivation going berserk later on, they were sealed by the Nine Creation Race." Jing Yun’er said: "Now, they are definitely going to return to the Most Ancient Era, and take back everything they think they deserve."

"Looks like the Most Ancient Era isn’t too peaceful either." Chen Xiang sighed.

"The battles in the Most Ancient Era have never stopped. Otherwise, the Tao-creation Divine Lord and the others would not have thought to start the era of the Myriad Tao." Jing Yun’er scolded in a low voice: "It’s been so hard on you, mother. You’ve worked so hard for so many years in the Myriad Tao, but in the end, all of it was all for naught."

"Big Sister Yun, you have quite a number of sisters that are Tao-creation’s crystal mother, right? Can you sense the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal from here? " Chen Xiang laughed.

"I can only sense the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal that I have created ... So just give up. " Jing Yun’er poured a plate of cold water on Chen Xiang: "There are a lot of Tao-creation’s Crystal Mothers here, but I don’t want to see them anymore. We are not on the same road now."

Jing Yun’er had already trained to kill the Evil Phoenix, she was no longer the Tao-creation’s crystal mother!

"Yun-jie, what exactly is there in that place?" Chen Xiang did not know how long he would take to fly, but he had told her that he was at a very far distance.

"It’s a very mysterious place. I’ve never been there before! It was said that this place was the base of the Most Ancient Era.

"Jing Yun’er said," The nine’s refining materials were also taken out from that place.

Seeing how Jing Yun’er spoke so mysteriously, Chen Xiang became curious.

After the Six Realms mirrors flew for more than a month, Chen Xiang suddenly discovered that a rock had lit up.

"What is this?" Jing Yun’er looked at the flashing stone.

"A friend of mine is asking me to come over. It seems like the direction I’m flying towards is over there." Chen Xiang said in shock, "My friend’s name is Han Xiaoying, she has the Ice Creation Sacred Body!"

"So that’s how it is! Ice Creation Holy Body, back then those bodies were all related to that place, so she should have already found that place. " Jing Yun’er said in shock: "But that place is quite dangerous, it would be hard for her to enter by herself."

The place Han Xiaoying was going to, was unexpectedly the place Jing Yun’er wanted to bring Chen Xiang to.

After more than ten days, Chen Xiang landed on top of a tall mountain. That glowing rock was the one that guided Chen Xiang here.

"This place is very close to the origin." Jing Yun’er said: "That girl should be inside this mountain!"

"Chen Xiang!" Han Xiaoying’s soft shout came over, she came out from behind a rock, and when she saw Jing Yun’er, she asked: "Who is this big sister?"

"Big Sister Yun, she’s my friend!" Chen Xiang said.

"Hello, Big Sister Yun!" Han Xiaoying was very polite, she was a gentle girl in the first place.

"Hello, Xiaoying!" Jing Yun’er also laughed, then asked. "Xiaoying, were you summoned here by some kind of power?"

"Yeah, it’s over there, but I don’t dare to go near it. There seems to be something powerful over there." Han Xiaoying nodded.

"Fortunately, you didn’t go, otherwise it would have been very dangerous." Jing Yun’er said: "Even if it’s the three of us right now, we should probably be more careful."

"How about you guys enter my Divine Sense Sea World and I will ’sneak in’ by myself?" Chen Xiang said.

"No, those guys are very strong. Don’t you dare get in there, you have to beat them up." Jing Yun’er said: "Let’s go, we will head over now. With the strength of the three of us, even if we can’t beat them, we can still run away."

Jing Yun’er said that she needed to walk over there on foot, and she was walking at the very front while Chen Xiang and Han Xiaoying were following behind her.

They were walking in a forest. Originally, the sun was bright and bright, but suddenly, the forest turned dark, as if everything had lost its color.

Jing Yun’er immediately stopped and quickly went to Chen Xiang and Han Xiaoying’s side.

Chen Xiang and Han Xiaoying also became vigilant.

"Tao-creation’s Crystal Mother Nature’s Sacred Body, there’s another ... "Normal humans?" A voice seemed to come from all directions, enveloping Chen Xiang and the rest.

"Hurry up and come out, let me see what kind of person you are." Jing Yun’er said coldly.

A gust of wind blew past, and a youth dressed in black appeared in front of Chen Xiang and the others. He had a thin and handsome face, and a pair of bright eyes flashed with a playful glint.

"I thought it was something, but it turned out to be a black tiger!" Jing Yun’er snorted in disdain.

"I’m not an ordinary tiger!" The black-robed youth was even looked down upon by Jing Yun’er after his identity was revealed, which made him very unhappy in his heart.

"That’s still a tiger!" Jing Yun’er sneered: What? If you don’t become your Black Tiger now, do you want to be a dog blocking the road? "

"From the looks of it, you should understand the situation here!" The black-robed youth’s expression turned cold, because Jing Yun’er’s words made him very angry.

"Of course I know that if you want to go to the Origin of the Gods, you have to kill a blocking dog like yourself." Jing Yun’er was not afraid of the black-robed youth in front of him at all.

"It’s good that you know this! I don’t need to kill you two women, you can stay by my side to accompany me, but I will definitely kill this man! When I see you guys together with him, I really hate him. " The black-clothed youth said.

Jing Yun’er laughed heartily: "You must be jealous of him! You seem to despise him. But I really like a kid like him! "

Chen Xiang was completely speechless, while Han Xiaoying also felt that it was strange.

"Don’t be arrogant, as the Tao-creation’s crystal mother, your power is limited! Even though she is an Ice Creation Saint Body, she was only able to restrain the Creation Race, this human ... " The youth in black shook his head. "I don’t think much of this human."

"Chen Xiang, this black tiger doesn’t take you seriously! Are you going to tell him if you’re the same or not, or should I? " Jing Yun’er said.

"Yun-jie, just let me deal with this kitten. I won’t trouble you." Chen Xiang stepped forward, looked at the black-robed youth, and said: "You are Killing Evil Tiger! You still have some ability! "

Chen Xiang was extremely familiar with the aura of beasts, and when Jing Yun’er said Black Tiger, he thought so.