Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The black-clothed youth was slightly surprised. He did not expect that the human in front of him would be able to see through his identity. He had met many powerful humans here, but had never been able to see through his true form. As Jing Yun’er was the Tao-creation’s crystal mother, he was not surprised that he could see it. This made him wonder how Chen Xiang had come out of it.

"Since you know that I am the Killing Evil Tiger, then you still have to fight with me. It can be seen that you are an extremely arrogant person, and a fool that isn’t afraid of death at all." Killing Evil Tiger laughed as he pulled out his black sheath sword.

The Killing Evil Tiger was very confident in his own strength. It was mainly because he was the Killing Evil Tiger and had been guarding this place for many years, meeting with many powerful humans that he had killed. As a result, whenever he saw a human, he would habitually look down on them.

"I feel like you are talking about yourself, because in my eyes, you are also an arrogant fool. However, you are very afraid of death." Chen Xiang smiled slightly, he looked at Killing Evil Tiger’s black sword, and summoned his own Heavenly magic sword.

Jing Yun’er and Han Xiaoying had already retreated to the back.

Chen Xiang was very clear that they were currently in the Killing Evil Tiger’s Domain, which was why their surroundings had turned into a dim black and white.

"Even if you kneel and beg for mercy now, I won’t let you go. You’re not a woman after all, hahaha ..." Killing Evil Tiger’s laughter was extremely evil. He looked at Han Xiaoying and Jing Yun’er who had retreated far away and licked his lips. His eyes were filled with fire ...

Just as the Killing Evil Tiger was looking at Han Xiaoying and the rest, Chen Xiang had already flashed past them, and instantly stabbed them with thousands of swords.

When Killing Evil Tiger sensed Chen Xiang approaching, he couldn’t help but release a protective layer of Qi to protect himself, but he was still struck by the sword Qi that continuously exploded out.

"Retreat!" Killing Evil Tiger waved his sword to block, the speed of his sword was not slower than Chen Xiang, with a few swipes, it created a rain of swords, the evil Sword Qi turning into many black tigers, they continuously attacked Chen Xiang and forced him to retreat.

"Evil Tiger Sword Formation!"

At the same time the Killing Evil Tiger brandished her sword, the surrounding black tigers appeared and surrounded Chen Xiang, pouncing madly at him. These were all powerful evil Sword Qi, if they were to be pierced, the consequences would be severe.

Chen Xiang had no choice but to release two clones inside the Divine Sense Sea World, and then borrow the strength of two clones to unleash Pressure mantra.

A wave of pressure was released by Chen Xiang, pressing down on the bodies of the fierce tigers, causing them to fly slower, after that Chen Xiang waved his sword and stabbed them all in, breaking the Sword Qi barrier.

Following that, the pressure also enveloped Killing Evil Tiger, causing him to feel heavy. By the time the pressure was over, he had already flashed away, and released the Six Realms mirrors at Killing Evil Tiger’s side.

The Six Realms mirrors flew over, and ruthlessly smashed onto the waist of Killing Evil Tiger who was about to stab towards it. The Six Realms mirrors’s spinning speed was very fast, when it hit Killing Evil Tiger’s waist, it cut him in half.

To Chen Xiang’s surprise, after Killing Evil Tiger’s body was split into two, it suddenly erupted with a burst of black energy.

At this moment, Killing Evil Tiger’s face was filled with anger. He did not expect that he would be beaten into such a sorry state by a human.

"It’s that guy again. It looks like he’s going to get killed soon. He’ll turn into a ball of black gas and revive." Chen Xiang had already encountered this kind of thing several times before, and it was extremely annoying.

Killing Evil Tiger bellowed, his arms turned into thick tiger arms, he looked like a half man, half a tiger, the killing intent around his body became even stronger, and when it was released, it was accompanied by a very violent aura, causing people’s hearts to tremble.

"Roar!"

As the Killing Evil Tiger roared, he transformed into a black ray of light and charged towards Chen Xiang!

In that instant, Chen Xiang felt his chest go cold, locked on by an ice-cold killing intent, as if the sword in Killing Evil Tiger’s hands had already pierced through.

The sword in Killing Evil Tiger’s hand was indeed aimed towards Chen Xiang’s heart, but he was blocked by the Six Realms mirrors that suddenly appeared, causing Chen Xiang to fly out from the impact.

"This fellow is quite capable!" Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, he landed stably on the ground and only felt his chest throbbing painfully. Although the Six Realms mirrors was able to block it, the force still entered his body, causing him to almost vomit blood.

Killing Evil Tiger was also sent flying by the power of the six gods. The sword in his hand did not shatter, which showed that it was an extremely powerful divine weapon.

Seeing the Killing Evil Tiger rush towards him again, Chen Xiang immediately released his strongest pressure, forming a wall of pressure, locking down the Killing Evil Tiger in an instant.

"You must die this time!" Chen Xiang removed the seal on the Red fire dragon, and it roared continuously inside Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea, which was burning with red fire.

Chen Xiang revolved the flame, and released it. It was strengthened through various incantations, and then he gathered it on top of the Heavenly magic sword. He flew up, and pierced into the Killing Evil Tiger’s neck with his sword.

With a hualala sound, the scarlet flame overflowed from the Heavenly magic sword and poured into Killing Evil Tiger’s body.

Feeling the power coming towards him, Killing Evil Tiger’s face was filled with fear. He could feel the power coming from the Red fire dragon. This was a power that far exceeded that of the Killing evil dragon s!

Killing Evil Tiger’s body instantly swelled up, and then a crack appeared on his body as flames overflowed from the crack and bursted out of his body! RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Killing Evil Tiger exploded into pieces, turning into white smoke and disappeared!

The domain that enveloped Chen Xiang and the others also gradually dissipated, and the surrounding trees regained their original color.

"Brat, you’ve been wasting time. If elder sister were to make a move, that fellow would have already been killed." Jing Yun’er scoffed, "Let’s hurry up and go!"

"Sorry, Big Sister Yun." Chen Xiang laughed, he was more satisfied with his own battle.

"Chen Xiang, does it hurt?" Han Xiaoying walked over and gently rubbed Chen Xiang’s chest with her jade hands. She had just seen Chen Xiang being shaken to the point where she almost vomited blood.

"It doesn’t hurt anymore!" Chen Xiang’s old face reddened, and he laughed dryly: "Let’s go!"

Chen Xiang and Han Xiaoying continued to follow behind Jing Yun’er. Chen Xiang was originally quite happy, but he very quickly stopped laughing, because he felt a very oppressive killing intent enveloping the sky, making it hard for him to breathe.

"Yun-jie, did I anger someone when I killed that tiger just now?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"I don’t know. Anyway, there is a certain level of danger when we enter this place." Jing Yun’er’s expression was also solemn, as he walked and stopped.

It was clear that there was someone powerful up ahead, but there was no other way. If they wanted to go to the Origin Lands, they would have to face someone as terrifying as this.

"Why are there so many powerful people blocking our way?" Chen Xiang was suspicious, the killing intent that was enveloping the sky seemed to be more powerful than the Killing Evil Tiger.