Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

This end point was different from what Chen Xiang and the others imagined. There was actually such a person here, could it be that they want to let him go?

"This is the Land of Origin! The source of all evils! " The middle-aged man laughed at himself, "Are you all disappointed? There’s nothing good for you here. If you need it, you can get a taste of it from my body.

"What is your background?" Jing Yun’er frowned.

At this moment, not only crows could be seen, but a black lion came running over and tore off a piece of meat from the man’s thigh. The man also frowned slightly; after the lion had eaten that piece of meat, the man’s thigh was completely healed as the lion bit off another piece of meat.

This middle aged man was actually using his own flesh and blood to feed all kinds of Evil beast!

After the black lion had eaten its fill, another pack of wolves came up and gnawed on the middle-aged man’s body, causing him to regrow his flesh and allow the wolves to gnaw on him. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Han Xiaoying could not bear to watch any longer, so he stood right behind Chen Xiang.

"I’m the best thing." The middle-aged man who was being bitten by the wolf pack laughed loudly.

Chen Xiang could not help but admire this middle aged man’s power of regeneration. It was simply heaven defying, to be able to grow so fast.

"What an evil person!" Jing Yun’er snorted: "We have nine Chuangyuan key s, we should be here to do something right?"

"The nine Chuangyuan key s can release me, but you can’t do it. Didn’t you see that? If you let me go, they will definitely stop you, and I will be their food. " The middle-aged man said.

Chen Xiang and the others were already watching the pack with their red eyes. The pack of wolves were also growling softly, as if warning them not to come over.

"What would happen if I let you go?" Chen Xiang asked: "Could it be that the reason we gathered all nine Chuangyuan key was to release you here?"

"I am also a Creation Saint Body ... She’s like that little girl, but she’s the Body of Ice Creation, and I’m the Body of Evil Creation. Also, I am a beast myself, I am a First Beast-creation Ancestor! "

Evil Creation, and a Holy Body? It sounded very contradictory, moreover this middle aged man was a First Beast-creation Ancestor, so he should be acquainted with him.

"Seems like I can’t let you go, you were actually sealed here by the Tao-creation Divine Lord!" Chen Xiang said. Beast-creation Race was viewed as a threat, and this First Beast-creation Ancestor had some sort of Evil Creation Saint Body.

"Is Tao-creation Divine Lord dead? This guy is so much better than me, he can die a happy death! Sigh, it’s all my fault that I have an indestructible body. As you can see, I won’t die at all. " The middle-aged man felt extremely helpless. With a lifeless look on his face, he really did look like he wanted to die.

"Chen Xiang, this fellow is very strange! Evil Creation Holy Body was the most terrifying existence, the killing power of Evil beast was very strong, it was mainly because they had awakened a trace of the Evil Creation Holy Body’s power ... I feel that the existence of those divine beasts most likely has something to do with this First Beast-creation Ancestor. " Jing Yun’er pondered for a moment, then said.

"The nine keys should have been made by the Tao-creation Divine Lord and the rest. They can restrain each other, and then release the First Beast-creation Ancestor? And why is that! " Chen Xiang also didn’t understand at this time.

Logically speaking, the First Beast-creation Ancestor was extremely dangerous. Now that they were tied up here, they should not have the chance to be saved, but nine Chuangyuan key could.

"Hey, what will happen if I save you? Why did the Tao-creation Divine Lord leave behind such a path? " Jing Yun’er said.

"Looks like your relationship with Tao-creation Divine Lord is not bad, but he is already dead, right? "I think the other ancestors are dead as well. I’m the only one left now." Then, he looked at the leopard that was biting his calf.

They were not very strong themselves, but the development of the Most Ancient Era was very fast. After they came back, the Creation Race here was worried that they would be able to regain control of the country, so they were all killed.

"You should be the strongest one!" Chen Xiang said.

"That’s true. After all, I have an eternal body ... If you save me, I might teach you this secret technique. " First Beast-creation Ancestor said, "This should be the greatest benefit."

"The Chuangyuan key was created by working with many ancestors mainly to help me remove the seal! They said that if one day all the other ancestors were to die, and if I was lucky and someone gathered all nine keys or the Body Creation Saint Body was to be reborn, I would not want to be unsealed. "

"And it wasn’t Tao-creation Divine Lord and the rest who sealed me back then, they didn’t have such power! Of course, it’s not easy for you to rescue me. "

"Those fellows that sealed me lost a large group of vicious beasts here. They have gnawed on my body for many years and are extremely powerful. They are not people that you can deal with!"

The altar was like a small mountain, and inside, there were many dark Evil beast.

"Compared to the old man outside, how is the strength of this group of beasts?" Jing Yun’er asked, she was already prepared to go all out.

"Are you talking about Ah Qian?!" He’s still out there? "Ai, it’s been so many years but he’s still here guarding me. He’s my servant." First Beast-creation Ancestor laughed out loud: "He is not weak, but the beasts here are even more terrifying. They have gnawed on my flesh and blood for many years, and their bodies have become as strong as mine."

"You are also from Creation Race! These beasts should also have your blood in them, they should be afraid of Chuangyuan key s, and Chuangyuan key s will restrain them! " Han Xiaoying said.

"No, no, no. I am from Beast-creation Race, and Beast-creation Race cannot control me, even though I have the Evil Creation Holy Body." The First Beast-creation Ancestor said.

The Chuangyuan key did not have the key to create beasts!

"If you want to restrain me, if you want to kill this group of vicious beasts, the best would be a Beast Creation Saint Body!" First Beast-creation Ancestor sighed, "What a pity, a person with the Beast Creation Saint Body died the moment he was born. There wasn’t even blood!"

"Then... Then why is it that my Ice Creation Sacred Blood is able to restrain the other Creation Race s? " Han Xiaoying asked again, "It’s alright if you don’t have the Beast Creation Holy Body! As long as the other races are able to restrain it! "

"Back then, when the nine clan’s divine body blood was merged together, and when your nine clan’s divine body was used as a blood sacrifice, a curse was placed on your Creation Race, which was why your nine Creation Race s were suppressed." First Beast-creation Ancestor laughed: "This is the reason why we can’t be restrained."

"Chen Xiang, use your strongest strength to kill off all the monsters in the group. Save this guy first, Tao-creation Divine Lord must have his reasons for making such an arrangement." Jing Yun’er said.

Although the evil beasts could not be killed, they could be sealed.

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors s, this was a good sealing item, if he could truly learn the First Beast-creation Ancestor’s immortal body, it would not be a bad thing.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!