Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang, Jing Yun’er and the others had already felt that the black-robed old man outside was very strong, but the young man in front of them was even stronger.

dt

[Almost all of them are there. They are much faster and more stable than normal stations. There are no ads in the entire text.] Access:.

"Thankfully I came early. If I had been any slower, it might have been too late!" When I sensed that those Evil beast were killed, I immediately rushed over. I never thought that there would actually be people who could gather nine of them. " The man Xiang, had eyes full of contempt, without a trace of Chen Xiang, he was standing right beside First Beast-creation Ancestor. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Then, he stepped on First Beast-creation Ancestor’s face and laughed contemptuously: "You dog, you always cause me trouble! If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t even be in this crappy place right now! If you weren’t so stubborn, I would have killed you long ago.

The golden robed man flew behind him and waved his fan, releasing a golden Qi wave that struck Chen Xiang in the blink of an eye. Chen Xiang cried out in pain, his chest was severely injured by the wave of Qi, and blood continued to flow profusely.

"Big Sister Yun, quickly take Xiaoying and leave!" Chen Xiang clenched his teeth, and sent a sound transmission to Jing Yun’er: "Use all means, hurry up and bring her away!"

Jing Yun’er immediately followed his instructions. She also knew that the man in golden clothes was not someone she could deal with.

"You have to be careful, this guy is very evil!" Jing Yun’er said anxiously, she knew that Chen Xiang was powerful, and would not die so easily in here.

The golden robed man, Yun’er, wanted to bring Han Xiaoying away, but with a sneer, she waved her fan and released another wave of Qi, but this time, it was blocked by the pressure released by Chen Xiang. Fiction]

"You’re courting death!" The golden robed man’s attack was blocked by Chen Xiang and he was extremely furious. He shouted loudly and arrived in front of Chen Xiang and gently waved his fan, releasing a burst of berserk force that shook Chen Xiang to the point of him spitting out a mouthful of blood. His body was pierced through by the berserk force and almost exploded.

"Bastard!" Chen Xiang cursed in his heart as two clones suddenly appeared and pounced towards the golden-robed man, tightly surrounding him.

"Do you think you can deal with me like this? "Foolish fellow." Originally, he thought that when Chen Xiang attacked, he would have to rely on his own strength to counterattack.

The moment Chen Xiang ran, he clenched his teeth, and controlled the two clones, including the Red fire dragon s inside, to self-detonate!

With a loud boom, the ground instantly crumbled, and countless rocks were pushed in all directions by the explosive force, the violent red flames spread everywhere, and in the blink of an eye, the entire sky was filled with a sea of fire, the fierce flames, accompanied by a large amount of rocks, were like raging waves, roaring violently.

The altar’s circumference of a million miles was instantly destroyed!

The explosion of the two Red fire dragon and two men at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank was extremely terrifying. Chen Xiang and the others were also engulfed by the explosion of the shock wave.

Chen Xiang did not know what kind of background this fellow who suddenly appeared had, his power was truly terrifying. Just a casual strike was enough to heavily injure him, if he was unwilling to self-destruct, he would definitely not be able to escape.

After who knows how long had passed, Chen Xiang woke up in a daze. He was the old servant of the First Beast-creation Ancestor, Chen Xiang and the others had met him before.

"Senior ... Are you a woman? " Chen Xiang asked weakly.

"No!" The old man shook his head, "You really dare to go all out. But, it’s not bad that you can escape this calamity." Previously, the only one who could survive in that guy’s hands was my master, and now you have one more person. "

First Beast-creation Ancestor was the master of this black clad old man, and this black clad old man was also very strong.

Chen Xiang only hoped that Jing Yun’er and his sister would be fine. After all, they could be considered his friends.

"Sorry to ruin your place." Chen Xiang laughed bitterly, the entire altar was destroyed, and the elder’s resting place was also among them.

"It doesn’t matter!" The old man calmly said, "Rest well!"

Around Chen Xiang, he was in a simple stone room.

"Chen Xiang, your clone is destroyed. Are you affected by it?" Xiao Xianglin finally woke up and anxiously asked.

"It has a huge impact! After my two clones were destroyed, all the memories I had regarding the Doppelgänger mantra disappeared from my mind! " Chen Xiang sighed: "Master, refine another Doppelgänger mantra Soul Stone for me!"

"Alright!" Xiao Xianglin heaved a sigh of relief. She had only lost the memories of the Doppelgänger mantra.

Chen Xiang still had a lot of Tao-creation Holy Crystals, which was enough for him to refine more Paternoster soul stone.

Chen Xiang took out the Time array. It had been a few days since he last came out after recuperating from his injuries in there for a few hundred years.

"May I know how to address you, senior?" After Chen Xiang walked out of the stone room, he was outside.

"Master called me Ah Ying!" The old man held a stone in his hand.

"Many thanks to Senior Ying for saving us!" Chen Xiang said.

"I only saved you because I felt that you had hope of saving my master. No need to thank me." Ah Ying said coldly.

"Senior Ying, do you know the background of that fellow who suddenly appeared? His strength was truly terrifying! has he already surpassed the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank? " Chen Xiang asked.

"The World Defying Stage Legendary Rank is hard to cross, of course he isn’t." Ah Ying said.

"Then why is he so powerful?" Chen Xiang himself was also at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and he had his clones and Pressure mantra. Facing the golden-robed man, he was almost killed instantly.

"That’s because he cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source!" Ah Ying said: "The World Defying Stage Divine Source is able to combine the powers together and then forcefully spit them out, the resulting energy is extremely terrifying, just like the energy after the medicinal pellet is compressed."

"Is it easy to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source?" Chen Xiang asked quickly.

"It’s not easy. To date, I’ve only felt a little hair on my skin." Ah Ying shook his head.

He had felt a bit of hair on his skin, but he now had a lot of power.

"So that means, if I didn’t cultivate that whatever World Defying Stage Divine Source, I wouldn’t be a match for that guy at all?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"It is indeed so. However, your explosion earlier has already injured him. He is now looking for you everywhere." Deep inside, Ah Ying had a lot of admiration for Chen Xiang. He felt that if he was killed by Chen Xiang’s two clones using his own strength, he would not be able to survive.

"Where did this bastard come from?" Chen Xiang clenched his teeth, someone who suddenly teleported in was actually so powerful.

"From Initial God-creation Realm!"

The auntie’s words caused Chen Xiang to be shocked, this fellow actually came from the Initial God-creation Realm!

"He can’t stay here for too long. He can only stay here for ten days at most." Ah Ying said: "If he doesn’t leave after ten days, he will be torn apart by the Most Ancient Era. This is a type of natural power that the Tao-creation Divine Lord created to restrain this guy."