Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Beast-creation Race had also developed a very strong power over the years, and they had also absorbed a lot of the power of the Essence Creation Domain, so their power must be very strong right now. Please search for ()! [cc] is even faster, the website page is refreshing, there are few advertisements, this is my favorite website, I must give it a good review.]

Chen Xiang was currently standing on top of a Six Realms mirrors, looking down at a city that had turned into ruins. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"The wild beasts of the Beast-creation Race are scary. This city is a medium-sized city." Chen Xiang revealed a shocked expression, he was secretly worried in his heart. In the Initial Thunder-creation Realm’s Thunder City, there was his friend there, he did not know what was happening in that city either.

Chen Xiang stopped for a moment, then immediately hurried back, returning back to Medicine God Mountain Villa.

When he came to the Divine Power City, he discovered that the enchantment of the Divine Power City was much stronger. It was obvious that his defense had increased as well, but the door was still open.

When Chen Xiang arrived at the Medicine God Mountain Villa, the Medicine God received the news and immediately came to welcome him, bringing him into the tall Herb God Mountain.

"Medicine God, Beast-creation Race is here!" Chen Xiang’s expression became serious.

The Medicine God nodded and said with a sigh: "A lot more will happen. Little Ice has already gone back to prepare! This Beast-creation Race is not easy to deal with, they will not be restrained! At present, we do not know much about the Beast-creation Race nor do we know how many powerful fellows there are among them. "

The most worrisome thing were the strong World Defying beast in the Beast-creation Race, which were the scariest.

Chen Xiang previously knew Chu Jinfeng, so he was a strong Qilin. Now, he didn’t know how Chu Jinfeng was doing, if Chu Jinfeng also came to the Most Ancient Era and found him, he would be able to understand the matters of the Beast-creation Race.

"On my way here, I saw a lot of cities that were destroyed by the beasts. Those beasts were now targeting the smaller cities." Chen Xiang said: "Only one or two medium-sized cities have been destroyed, I just wonder what their goal is right now!"

"They want to destroy the small city and cause panic!" The Medicine God frowned, because he had also received a lot of information. "This could also be a demonstration by the Beast-creation Race, telling the world that their Beast-creation Race is very strong, and that it might make it easier for them to recruit people to join them in the future."

"It’s very likely that the Beast-creation Race will join forces with the God-creation Race and the Fire-creation Sacred Race!" This was what Chen Xiang was most worried about: "If this goes on, the other Creation Race might join them too!"

When the Ice-creation Race Emperor had the divine weapon to restrain the other Creation Race, it caused the other Creation Race to be on their guard. Although the Ice-creation Sacred Race didn’t have any intentions towards them, they had no choice but to be worried.

Now that the Beast-creation Race had arrived and was not being restrained, it was very possible that the other Creation Race s would join them to fight the Ice-creation Sacred Race in order to not be affected.

"At the moment, we do not know about the situation in Beast-creation Race. The other Creation Race s will not act rashly." The Medicine God was also a little worried. From now on, the Ice Holy Clan would most likely be united to fight back.

"Medicine God, how about this! Now that Creation Race has a good relationship with him, everyone is worried that the divine weapons in his hands will be able to restrain them. Chen Xiang said.

"That’s right, as long as we remove this contradiction, they might still stand with us. After all, they already know about the schemes of the God-creation Race and the Thunder-creation Sacred Race." The God-creation Race and the Thunder-creation Sacred Race had previously thought about how to absorb the Most Ancient Era’s energy, and even the other Creation Race s were only energy in their eyes.

This matter had always been on the heart of the other Creation Race!

"Just give them some Sacred Blood Ice Crystals." Chen Xiang said: "That way, everyone will be able to balance!"

"That’s a good idea. I’ll discuss it with Little Ice later." The Medicine God nodded.

Ice-creation Race Emperor was also having a headache because of the arrival of the Beast-creation Race. She gathered the warriors of her clan to discuss about this matter and decided to go against the Beast-creation Race.

She also felt that it was the best solution at the moment. After that, Chen Xiang gave her some of the Sacred Blood Ice Crystals, telling her to give them to the other clan emperors in order to rope in the other Creation Race s. This would guard against God-creation Race and Fire-creation Sacred Race.

Just now the scouts reported that they have already found out where the Beast-creation Race’s base camp is. It’s in the Tianlang Mountains, and there are always a group of beasts coming out from time to time, but they don’t know the specifics, because it’s very dangerous to enter there. There are many flying beastmen searching outside the mountains, and they will easily find out. The Medicine God said as he held a note.

"Sky Split Mountain Range? "I’ll go now," Chen Xiang’s eyes flashed, and quickly left Divine Power City.

Chen Xiang was going to investigate the Beast-creation Race. If the Beast-creation Race truly joined hands with the God-creation Race, then it was extremely likely that they would continue their God-creation Race’s plan to devour the Most Ancient Era.

The Hundreds of Flowers Village was currently on top of the Most Ancient Era, so Chen Xiang would definitely not allow them to disrupt the stability of the Most Ancient Era.

Chen Xiang rode on his Six Realms mirrors and flew for a few days, and finally reached the Heaven Desolate Mountain Ranges. He was only able to get to the Heaven Desolate Mountain Ranges, but he noticed that there was a large flock of flying birds in the sky looking around.

Chen Xiang took out the order badge that Chu Jinfeng gave him and passed it on to Chu Jinfeng. If Chu Jinfeng was nearby, the order badge could light up.

Chen Xiang originally only wanted to try, but he did not think that the order badge would actually light up, Chu Jinfeng was nearby!

As long as Chu Jinfeng received the signal, he would immediately rush over. At this time, Chen Xiang was patiently waiting for him on the spot.

After half a day, Chen Xiang suddenly sensed a weak yet familiar Qi, it was Chu Jinfeng.

"Chief!" Chen Xiang shouted in surprise.

"We finally meet!" Chu Jinfeng laughed, patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders, and then brought him away from this place. This was not the place where they talked about the past.

Only after Chu Jinfeng brought Chen Xiang far away from the Sky Split Mountain Range did they stop to chat with Chen Xiang.

"Alliance Master, what is Beast-creation Race’s purpose in coming here? As soon as we arrived here, we destroyed quite a few small cities and killed quite a few people! " Chen Xiang said.

"Sigh!" Beast-creation Race’s current situation is very strange, even I am unable to explain it clearly. " Chu Jinfeng’s face was also filled with confusion. "When I followed them here, I had thought that they were here to assimilate into the Most Ancient Era. I never thought that not long after they arrived, they would start a massacre."

"Are you doing well in the Initial Thunder-creation Realm’s Thunder City?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s still alright. Now, only the Thunder City is there!" Chu Jinfeng nodded: "Chen Xiang, do you know the situation in Most Ancient Era? I have yet to inquire about the matters of the Most Ancient Era, you have been here for a period of time, you should have a good grasp of a lot of important matters, right?

This book was the first one to be published. The first thing that came out was the content!