Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had indeed grasped many important things. He now began to talk about the situation of the various great Creation Race s here, and then focus on the matter of him annihilating the Thunder-creation Sacred Race. There was also the plot of the God-creation Race s to swallow the Most Ancient Era.

"Master, sigh!" When Chu Jinfeng heard that Tao-creation Divine Lord was dead, he was extremely excited and clenched his fists.

Tao-creation Divine Lord’s death had a great deal to do with her.

"Previously, there were people from the God-creation Race who came over to talk to our clan empress. According to what you said, the Beast-creation Race may have already allied with the God-creation Race." Chu Jinfeng frowned: "God-creation Race is so despicable, to think that our clan empress would actually join hands with them."

"Maybe the God-creation Race has told your clan empress about that plan, and your clan empress plans to get involved as well." Chen Xiang said with a stern expression, "Alliance head, I will definitely not allow anyone to destroy Most Ancient Era. On one hand, Most Ancient Era was created by the Tao-creation Divine Lord back then, and on the other hand, if the Most Ancient Era were to be destroyed, we would have nowhere else to go!"

"I know. I will think of a way to deal with this matter. If the emperor insists on acting on his own, I will use my method to fight him." Chu Jinfeng had just told him that the Beast-creation Race’s actions after arriving here were extremely strange, and had already made him suspicious of everything. But hearing Chen Xiang’s words, he completely understood what the Beast-creation Race would do here in the future.

"Chief, do you know about the First Beast-creation Ancestor?" Chen Xiang asked.

Chu Jinfeng shook his head: "I had asked Master before, but Master had not let go. He was never willing to talk about the First Beast-creation Ancestor!"

The reason the Tao-creation Divine Lord didn’t tell him was because he was worried that he would go find the First Beast-creation Ancestor. That place was extremely dangerous, and if Chu Jinfeng were to go now, it might even be in great danger.

After that, Chen Xiang told Chu Jinfeng about the First Tao-creation Ancestor, causing Chu Jinfeng to be pleasantly surprised, because he had always thought that the First Beast-creation Ancestor had died.

"I must meet him when I have the chance!" Chu Jinfeng said.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I will be returning to Medicine God Mountain Villa first, if there is any news, we will meet again!"

Chu Jinfeng warned Chen Xiang, telling him not to casually enter the Sky Split Mountain Range, because there were many strong beasts inside.

... ....

Chen Xiang flew for a few days and returned to the Medicine God Mountain Villa. However, when he arrived at the Medicine God Mountain Villa, he heard many people talking about what happened in the past ten days.

Chen Xiang immediately headed towards a hall. When he arrived, he saw that the person seated at the head of the hall was not Pill God but a long and old man dressed in a white robe.

The Medicine God could only stand by his side with an extremely ugly expression.

When the Medicine God saw Chen Xiang, he immediately sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, "Chen Xiang, hurry up and leave this place. This guy is extremely evil, I’ve been tricked by him!"

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang anxiously asked, at this time, the old man only glanced at him casually.

Chen Xiang astonishedly discovered that the old man in front of him had a very powerful Qi, but he had hidden it extremely well and did not release much of it, but he was still able to detect it. This Qi was the World Defying Stage Divine Source! He had sensed it from Ah Ying’s body earlier!

"This guy concocts pills very hard, the ten odd famous Pill Gods in our Medicine God Mountain Villa have all lost to him." The Medicine God replied, "As long as you lose to him, you have to follow him for ten thousand years. You absolutely must not gamble with him."

"Who is this kid?" The old man with a long beard laughed and asked, because he noticed that the eyes of the Medicine God when he looked at Chen Xiang, seemed to be sending a sound transmission to him.

"He is..."

"I am a Alchemist!" Chen Xiang said as he walked over. He was using his own appearance and his real name to fight against this old man with a long beard.

The main reason was that the long-bearded old man was a very strong Alchemist, and he had even managed to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source. Chen Xiang felt that he had to obtain something from the long-bearded old man no matter what. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Oh? Pretty young! What pill can you forge? Do you want to compete with me? " The bearded elder looked interested, but there was also a trace of contempt in his eyes.

Because he saw that Chen Xiang was very young, different from the old Pill Gods in the Medicine God Mountain Villa.

"There aren’t many pills that I can refine!" Chen Xiang said: "I am friends with the Medicine God, he has already told me about the matter here! I wonder how senior intends to compete with this kid? Senior does not seem to be an evil person, I believe you can compete fairly with me! "

"My rules are very simple! "Whatever pill you concoct, I will follow you to concoct and whatever pill I concoct, you will also have to follow me to concoct. I will concoct the medicinal ingredients and pill formula myself, but I do not need your pill formula, I only need to consume one of yours to concoct them."

The old man with a long beard left his chair and walked down as he smiled: "I am the one who concocts a pill. You follow me and concoct one. If anyone is unable to forge the other party’s pills, they will lose! "

"It doesn’t seem fair to you!" Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "I will refine your pills, you will provide me the pill formulas and ingredients, but do you only need the ingredients to refine my pills?"

"Yes!" However, there is one condition. First, you must refine a cauldron with me! " The old man chuckled. "If you can’t refine it, you will lose!"

Alchemist had always been a proud and aloof person. Other people had already given him the pill formulas and ingredients, but he felt that he would definitely be able to make it.

"Also, the pills we refine will not use World Defying Dan grain." The old man added.

"I think the rules should be changed!" Chen Xiang thought about it and said.

"How?" This was the first time the old man had heard someone ask him to change the rules. He had used this rule to win a lot of people over the years.

"I might not be able to concoct your pills, but you might not be able to. If we can’t concoct the pills of the other party, we’ll be able to tie the knot and then continue comparing the other pills, how about that?" Chen Xiang said.

"You look very confident!" The old man laughed, "Alright, alright, let’s change things as you say. If you lose, then you will be my follower for ten thousand years and I will listen to you. If you lose, then you will also be my follower for ten thousand years."

The Medicine God had sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang just now in order to remind him not to agree. Who would have thought that Chen Xiang would actually want to compete with this bearded old man himself?

"Alright, it’s a deal!" Chen Xiang nodded in agreement.

"Hold on, there is one more thing. The pills that we refine need to be refined within five hours!" Therefore, most of these pills are low-grade. This test of skill can be made by concocting one pill three times in total! The old man chuckled, "Of course, if you can refine high level pellets this fast, it is also possible!"