Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was very confident in his pill techniques. This kind of competition was a test of his pill techniques, and at this moment, he had already asked He Fengyuan to pick out the medicinal ingredients from the You Yao Mountain Villa.

He wanted He Fengyuan to concoct a suitable pill formula for him to use in his pill refining skills. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Senior’s strength is extraordinary, you must not be a nobody, right? "May I know how to address you?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Hu Jingyuan!" The bearded old man had already taken out a blue jade pill furnace and laughed: "I will refine a batch of mine and then you will refine a batch of yours. After that, we can exchange them to refine the pill that the other party had just concocted!"

"Alright, please enter first!" Chen Xiang said.

Hu Jingyuan took out a blanket and sat on it as he started to refine his pills.

The Medicine God and the others were watching from the side. A lot of the Alchemy Gods had lost just now.

"It’s the same pill as before!" The Medicine God said.

"Little brother, you have to be careful later ..." The pill god was one of Hu Jingyuan’s followers now, they couldn’t talk about the details of the pill refining anymore, they were worried that Hu Jingyuan would get angry.

"Aren’t you going to start?" Hu Jingyuan asked.

He Fengyuan still hadn’t prepared the pill formulas yet, so of course Chen Xiang couldn’t start.

"It’s fine. You refine it first. Let me take a look." Chen Xiang laughed.

There were more than ten Pill Gods here, as well as dozens of other Alchemist. They felt that Chen Xiang was being too confident! Of course, they did not know Chen Xiang’s identity now.

"Young man, you are too conceited. This is not good!" They all thought that Chen Xiang would lose, and would be like him, and become Hu Jingyuan’s follower.

The Medicine God was still very confident in Chen Xiang and said, "Everyone might not know this, but this little brother is the Pill God who created the peak of the prideful god realm pill. He has a certain level of strength!"

Everyone present was immediately shocked, and even Hu Jingyuan revealed a surprised expression!

The Proud God Peak Pill was precisely the Peak dan. After Chen Xiang sold this pill formula to the Medicine God, the Medicine God changed his name and became very popular. It could be said to be the most sold pill in the history of the Medicine God!

Everyone in the Alchemist knew about the power of the Proud God’s Pill, but very few knew who created it. Now that they knew about this seemingly young brat in front of them, they were all shocked. No wonder he was so confident!

Hu Jingyuan laughed: "This is truly disrespectful, so it turns out that your esteemed self is a pill god with extraordinary strength, it’s truly interesting!"

Hu Jingyuan was not worried at all. It seemed that dueling with the strong Pill God was a very passionate thing to him, and he was also full of confidence in himself.

Chen Xiang felt that this Hu Jingyuan definitely had a huge background, it was just that no one had heard of him before, so he had to win against Hu Jingyuan and ask him how he cultivated World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi.

Two hours later, He Fengyuan had already concocted a pill formula. She had been refining pills with Chen Xiang often and thus, she had a very good understanding of Chen Xiang’s pill techniques.

Chen Xiang had also started to refine his pills, but when the crowd saw the herbs he took out, they all nearly vomited blood.

Although they were all low levelled medicinal herbs, every single one of them could be used as main medicinal herbs. They felt that in order to defeat Hu Jingyuan, Chen Xiang was really putting in too much effort!

The pill could only be refined three times. If the pill could not be refined three times, then it was a loss. However, it was extremely difficult to concoct a combination of fifty or so medicinal herbs. One might not be able to successfully concoct it after three times.

"You really have the leisure to create such a pill formula. I wonder just how effective it is?" Refining pills wasn’t something that could be done just with a large amount of herbs. What was important was the energy generated from the reaction between the ingredients! For some pills, as long as a single medicinal ingredient is refined, it would produce an intense reaction. Its energy is more than ten times greater than that of the medicinal herb itself! "

"There are also some pills that have a violent reaction after fusing two or three types of medicinal herbs. The energy produced by them is a hundred times greater than that of the medicinal herbs themselves." Hu Jingyuan laughed: "Medicinal ingredients and medicinal ingredients have their own counteractions, and can cancel each other out. Even though you have a lot of medicinal ingredients, the pills you refine might not necessarily be good!"

"I know that!" Chen Xiang had already put all the ingredients in the pill furnace. He also realized that the ingredients He Fengyuan had picked out were of the water attribute and the fire attribute.

"Right, Senior Hu, do I have any requirements for the quality of the pills I refine?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Without the requirements, it’s already quite difficult to refine it." Even though he had a relaxed expression, at the moment, he felt quite a bit of pressure in his heart, mainly because of the basket of medicinal ingredients that Chen Xiang had just taken out.

He Fengyuan told Chen Xiang that the pills he had refined would be mainly used to heal injuries and would be able to quickly heal fire injuries. There were some strong flames that could burn a person’s muscles to the point that it would be difficult to recover.

This kind of injury was mostly caused by carelessness on the part of beasts that used extreme fire, or by fighting. To many people, this kind of injury was only a shadow.

The process of Chen Xiang’s refinement was rather easy as well. After all, the refinement of water and fire could completely refine all the medicinal ingredients in an instant. All he needed to do was perform the fusion and refine the medicinal energy.

In order to be of better quality and have stronger effects, he had even gone through a derivation collision. Finally, he had used pressure to condense the pill. Because this was a low-grade pill, the refining process wasn’t too difficult.

Very quickly, five hours had passed. Hu Jingyuan and Chen Xiang had finished refining the pill.

"This is the Jade Marks Pill that I refined!" Chen Xiang took out a white pill from the furnace, which shocked everyone. Chen Xiang really refined a pill.

He then started to talk about the effects of this pill, and everyone nodded in agreement. The uses of this pill were quite high.

Hu Jingyuan said: "I want to verify your pill ... I will have a person in the early stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank come here to try out a pill like yours! "

Hu Jingyuan released a clone that looked exactly like him. This clone came out from his cultivation and didn’t use the Doppelgänger mantra like Chen Xiang did.

This clone of his was indeed only at the early stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank. He used flames to burn the clone a little more, leaving behind a fire wound that would be difficult to heal, and then let the clone take the pellet.

Because the clone ate it, Hu Jingyuan was very clear about the reaction of the pill after it entered the body.

After consuming the pill, the clone quickly recovered from the additional fire wounds on his body. Even Hu Jingyuan was exclaiming in his eyes, the pill was indeed more practical.

"Alright, here comes my pill!" This is called the Hard Body Pill, as long as it is an early stage World Defying Stage Divine Rank or middle stage pill, after consuming my pill, my body will become very strong, and I will be able to increase my defense. " Hu Jingyuan handed over a black pellet to Chen Xiang.