Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang released a Mouse Man, and these Mouse Man s were equivalent to his clones, but they were very weak. Not long after, Mouse Man’s body suddenly became as sturdy as a rock, but her movements were not affected at all.

If one took a pill like this before the battle, their body would become stronger and their injuries would be reduced during the battle. This was also a pretty good divine pill.

Chen Xiang gave Hu Jingyuan a total of three sets of ingredients needed to concoct the Jade Marks Pill. Each bottle had more than 50 types of medicinal ingredients, which gave Hu Jingyuan a headache.

And the hard body pills Hu Jingyuan had refined just now were only three types of medicinal herbs. He had given the medicinal ingredients to Chen Xiang and even provided the details of the refining process to Chen Xiang, so this could be considered a complete pill formula. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang did not need to provide him with the refining process, this was what Hu Jingyuan had said before.

"Although the challenge is quite difficult, it is only now that we can face it!" Hu Jingyuan gave a casual smile before he started to sort the medicinal ingredients. He was able to quickly distinguish the attributes of more than fifty medicinal ingredients, and then, he categorized them.

Meanwhile, Chen Xiang had already started refining.

Although Hu Jingyuan’s Hard-Body Pellet was of the lower tier, there were many other Pill Gods who were unable to concoct it previously.

"This guy’s alchemy skills are extremely high, I can’t let my guard down." Chen Xiang looked at Hu Jingyuan and realised that Hu Jingyuan had placed the fire-attribute medicinal ingredients into the furnace to refine them. He had to refine them in batches.

If Hu Jingyuan really managed to refine it, then the following fusion stage would be much more difficult.

"These medicinal ingredients are all very sturdy. No wonder your body is so tough after eating them." Chen Xiang put the three types of fruits into the furnace and secretly used his power to suppress them, making it hard for him to transform.

For Hu Jingyuan to be able to control the World Defying Stage Divine Source’s Qi, the flames he released must be very strong as well.

Chen Xiang guessed that the refining difficulty should be at this stage.

Two hours had passed, and Chen Xiang frowned, because he had used many different refining methods to try the three fruits, but they had not melted.

"Do I really have to use pressure to refine it together with the legendary dragon fire?" Chen Xiang only missed this method by a little. He was worried that this method would be too berserk and cause the ingredients to be damaged.

Now that there was no other way and there was a time limit, he had no choice but to try it out.

Through his clone, he released an even stronger pressure and legendary dragon fire, pressing it into the medicinal herbs and fiercely burning them.

In just a short moment, a crack had appeared on the surface of the three fruits!

"This is bad!" Chen Xiang was anxious, but it was already too late. The three fruits had already been broken, and the energy stored inside had flowed out, fusing into the flames.

Now, the only thing left of the Tianchuang furnace was blazing fire. The herbs had already turned into energy, strengthening the flames.

"At least this will work." Chen Xiang secretly heaved a sigh of relief, following this, he just needed to be careful, and the situation wouldn’t occur anymore.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s failure, everyone felt that it was all within their expectations. Especially the Pill God who failed here just now, they were already very familiar with this situation.

Chen Xiang put in the second batch of medicinal ingredients. This time, he controlled the pressure and the legendary dragon flames well, and after that he increased them bit by bit, each time with a slight tremble. This way, he could avoid damaging the medicinal ingredients in an instant.

"There’s movement!" After Chen Xiang saw that the medicinal ingredients were vaporized by the burning, he immediately controlled the flames to become much weaker. After that, he observed carefully and slowly increased the fire pressure to burn them again.

Just like this, Chen Xiang gradually familiarized himself with the flames and pressure this type of medicinal ingredient could withstand, and then very smoothly burned the medicinal ingredient into a Medicine crystal.

"I’ve finally succeeded!" Although Chen Xiang had only progressed to this stage, he still felt it was extremely relaxed. As long as he continued to maintain this pace, he would be able to concoct the Hard Body Pill.

It had already been six hours, and Hu Jingyuan also felt that it was unexpected. This was because Chen Xiang was actually able to be this stable while refining the second furnace.

Chen Xiang secretly admired Hu Jingyuan as well. Even after six hours, he still had not failed a single time.

The pills refined by Hu Jingyuan required over fifty medicinal ingredients, and it was his first time refining such a smooth process. Everyone was extremely shocked, and looking at Hu Jingyuan’s expression, he seemed to be half done.

Chen Xiang was the clearest about the process of refining the Jade Marks Pill, it was not easy, and at this moment, he gained a new understanding of Hu Jingyuan’s strength.

When it was about to end, Hu Jingyuan announced that he had successfully refined a pill and opened his pill furnace.

He really did concoct the Jade Marks Pill, it was just that the quality did not seem to be as high as the one Chen Xiang had concocted previously.

Chen Xiang finished the refinement a bit later than Hu Jingyuan, he opened his pill furnace, and also refined a hard body pill.

Everyone was equally puzzled and felt that it was strange. The hard body pills refined by Chen Xiang were actually of a higher quality than the ones refined by Hu Jingyuan!

Those Pill Gods were extremely impressed by Chen Xiang’s control of quality, even Hu Jingyuan himself revealed an admiring expression. He also realised that the Jade Marks Pill that he had refined was far inferior to Chen Xiang’s pill from before. If he had to request for quality, he would definitely lose this round.

"We are even!" Chen Xiang said.

Although Chen Xiang said that, Hu Jingyuan secretly felt guilty, because he knew that he was slightly inferior to her in this competition. This was mainly because of the quality of the pills, but he suddenly felt that this was his greatest weakness.

"Then let’s continue! Just like before! " Hu Jingyuan smiled slightly: "You are indeed powerful. Today, no matter what, we must decide who is stronger!"

Those Pill God previously thought that Chen Xiang did not have any chances of winning, but now they had a whole new level of respect for him!

What gave Hu Jingyuan an even more headache this time was that Chen Xiang actually took out over a hundred medicinal herbs. Seeing those medicinal herbs, Hu Jingyuan’s back was already covered in cold sweat.

The Jade Marked Pill that required more than 50 types of medicinal ingredients was not a problem for him. However, this 100 over was hard to say, as he was not 100% confident.

These medicinal ingredients were all picked out by He Fengyuan in the You Yao Mountain Villa just now. The difficulty of refining them wasn’t difficult for Chen Xiang, but for the other Alchemist s, it was extremely difficult.

"This time is different from the last time. Among the herbs, the difficulty is in fusing 10 of them. The rest of the ingredients are all supplementary and won’t cause too much trouble." He Fengyuan said. She had already told Chen Xiang the characteristics of the medicinal herbs.

When Chen Xiang started refining, he was very surprised with the pill formulas that He Fengyuan had made. She had actually been able to pick out so many medicinal ingredients.