Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Five hours later, Chen Xiang and Hu Jingyuan managed to refine a batch of pills.

What Hu Jingyuan had refined was a pill shining with a red light. It seemed as if there was blood flowing inside it.

"This pill is the Blood Transformation Pill!" Hu Jingyuan spoke of his pill with a face full of pride, "The Blood Transformation Pill is used to cure poisons! After a person dies from poison, the poison will spread into their bloodstream. After consuming the Blood Transformation Pill, they will be able to dissolve the entire blood poison and not only will it not harm the blood in their body, it will also breed fresh blood. " ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Since it’s an antidote pill, then I’ll just eat it myself. There’s no need for me to try using my avatar." Chen Xiang took it and ate it, feeling the power of the Blood Transformation pill.

After Chen Xiang consumed the Blood Transformation Pill, he closed his eyes.

The energy of the Perception Pill was helpful in determining the quality of the medicinal herbs.

"Where is the pill you refined?" At this moment, his heart felt extremely heavy, because he did not know whether or not he could refine Chen Xiang’s pellet.

He only hoped that Chen Xiang would also not be able to refine the Blood Transformation Pill, and he had already used nine or nine types of medicinal ingredients to refine the Blood Transformation Pill.

"This pill of mine is called Divine Eye Pill!" Chen Xiang laughed: "If in battle, my eyes were pierced or dug out, as long as you eat my God’s Eye Pill, you can refine and grow a pair of eyes, and my eyes are even more beautiful than before! When met with strong light, will not be stinging. "In addition, it can also improve your eyesight, allowing you to see further and more clearly."

This pill may not have a wide range of uses, but it had a unique effect.

Hu Jingyuan nodded his head, this time he was also going to use one of his clones to test his pill, only to see him release a clone whose eyes had been dug out.

"My clone’s eyes have been damaged for many years. Even if they were to grow back, they wouldn’t be as good as they were before." Hu Jingyuan said: "This is just nice for testing your pills."

Chen Xiang gave the God’s Eye Pill to Hu Jingyuan.

Hu Jingyuan let the doppelgänger eat it, and very quickly, the two eye sockets of the doppelgänger emitted a faint golden light as well.

"Not bad indeed!" Hu Jingyuan exclaimed.

The next step was to exchange ingredients and refine the pill from before.

After Chen Xiang received the ingredients for the Blood Transformation Pill, he was secretly surprised. The ingredients for this Blood Transformation Pill were all rather strange, he did not know if he could successfully refine it.

Chen Xiang already knew about the refining process from Hu Jingyuan, which was of great help to him.

"These medicinal herbs are actually roots!" Chen Xiang looked at those strange looking roots. Although it was only a very short length, every piece of the roots were different.

Chen Xiang placed all these roots inside the Tianchuang furnace, and just like before, he used pressure and the legendary dragon fire to refine them. He realized that this kind of medicinal ingredient was also very difficult to refine, so he used this method from the start and didn’t try any other refining methods.

Before long, he encountered a problem. He had never thought that the roots could absorb the energy within the flames and grow at a faster rate.

The eight tree roots were growing very quickly, and they couldn’t stop them no matter what. Once they released the flames to burn, the tree roots would grow incessantly.

If the fire was stronger, it would grow faster.

"This is really strange!" Chen Xiang immediately told He Fengyuan about this situation.

"There must be a large amount of regeneration power contained within. I suggest that you control the regeneration power inside the medicinal plant and separate it from the medicinal plant." He Fengyuan said. She could be said to be the person who had the most understanding of medicinal herbs. Even the Medicine God was inferior to her.

Chen Xiang immediately did as he was told. First, he went to feel the power of regeneration inside the roots of the tree, which was not easy to discover. It took him a long time to lock onto it.

"These medicinal materials definitely have phoenix blood!" Chen Xiang secretly suspected, because the phoenix had this kind of characteristic.

Chen Xiang will refine it after separating the power of rebirth inside. As expected, the roots did not continue growing.

On the other side, Hu Jingyuan didn’t have time to look at Chen Xiang’s situation, because he was too busy to listen.

Chen Xiang was currently progressing very smoothly, since after the medicinal herbs grew, they had gained a lot of energy, but it was nothing to Chen Xiang, as it could even greatly increase the quality of the medicinal herbs.

Everyone knew that the pills refined by the two parties this time round would be extremely difficult. They could tell from Chen Xiang and Hu Jingyuan’s expressions.

"I have to figure out where this Hu Jingyuan came from. This kind of powerful guy definitely did not appear out of nowhere, at least those roots are not ordinary things. Although they are considered low level medicinal herbs, these types of medicinal herbs do not grow naturally."

According to Chen Xiang’s description, she could understand the situation very clearly. At the same time, she also found out that there were some gray fruits that could be used to concoct the Hard Body Pill.

"Not growing naturally? Isn’t that what Sijing and Beauty did? "" Chen Xiang laughed: "There’s nothing to be surprised about!"

"What I mean is that these medicinal plants are not made like this by nature, but are made by someone. Perhaps they are formed by some sort of method or technique." He Fengyuan said: "This is more similar to Beautiful and the others’ methods of fusing the medicinal herbs."

"Do they also know how to merge medicinal ingredients?" Chen Xiang asked.

"This isn’t the fusion of medicinal herbs, but rather the creation of a medicinal herb. I just don’t know how they managed to do it!" I can clearly feel that this medicinal herb is not something that can be found naturally. " He Fengyuan was extremely sensitive to the aura of medicinal herbs and he believed what she had said.

"Let’s defeat him first. As long as I can defeat him, he will become my follower for the next ten thousand years." Chen Xiang said: "From this guy’s expression, he shouldn’t be someone who acts shamelessly."

Chen Xiang could tell that Hu Jingyuan was someone who really liked to compete in pill refining, and he had never met an opponent before, only, he had met Chen Xiang this time.

Hu Jingyuan’s heart was extremely heavy, because he knew that it was extremely likely for him to lose.

The five hours had ended, and Hu Jingyuan had failed once. Even though he had persevered to the very end, he had not succeeded.

"There isn’t enough time!" Hu Jingyuan sighed, he felt that if he had enough time, he would definitely be able to refine it, and the previous failure had wasted a lot of his time.

"I’ve refined it!" Chen Xiang smiled and took out a Blood Dissolving Pill from the furnace.

Hu Jingyuan understood the Blood Transformation Pill very well, so when he smelled the pill’s fragrance, he was sure that it was a newly concocted Blood Transformation Pill, and the quality was even better than what he had concocted.

"I’ve lost!" Hu Jingyuan sat on the ground with a dull expression.