Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang passed the Blood Transformation Pill to Hu Jingyuan.

"The Blood Transformation Pill you refined is of good quality!" Hu Jingyuan looked at the Blood Transformation Pill for a long time before finally speaking in a daze.

The other Pill Gods were secretly happy in their hearts. When they lost to Hu Jingyuan previously, they were also in the same mood.

"You are my master now, I, Hu Jingyuan, will do as I say." After Hu Jingyuan accepted the truth, he stood up, and it was as if he suddenly became spirited again, no longer in his bald and useless state just now.

"Well, now you have to listen to me." Chen Xiang laughed: "In the future, they will no longer be your followers. Give them back their freedom!"

Chen Xiang pointed to the Pill Gods.

Hu Jingyuan nodded his head, he felt that the Pill God would be useless as his follower. This caused the other Pill Gods to continuously thank Chen Xiang. At this moment, Chen Xiang was even more important to them in their hearts, and none of them dared to call themselves a Pill God anymore.

After greeting the Medicine God, Chen Xiang brought Hu Jingyuan to his residence in Medicine God Mountain Villa.

... ....

"Master, can you guide me to refine the Divine Eye Pill?" Hu Jingyuan asked when he saw that he had come to a quiet place.

"Of course you can!" After that, Chen Xiang told Hu Jingyuan about the characteristics of the medicinal herbs in the God’s Eye Pill one by one, as well as detailing the main points that he needed them to do.

After Hu Jingyuan finished listening, he suddenly realized what was going on and immediately thanked him.

"Old Hu, I can vaguely feel that you have cultivated World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi, your cultivation is considered very strong here, and yet you can still abide by your words, it is truly admirable." Chen Xiang said.

"Even this can be discovered by you. Awesome!" Hu Jingyuan was slightly shocked, and said: "Actually I feel that as a Alchemist, you still have to have the basic character, that way you can concoct a good pill! To Alchemist, being kind is extremely important. Even though I am getting ahead of myself, I can’t do something that goes against my conscience. "

Chen Xiang nodded with a smile, "Since you can think like this, you can definitely ascend to greater heights in the Pill Dao in the future!"

Hu Jingyuan chuckled: "Master, your master must be very powerful!"

"My masters are quite a few! There are some strong ones, but not many of them concoct pills. " Chen Xiang laughed, "I am curious about your background, your medicinal ingredients are all very strange."

Hu Jingyuan said: "That, I have directly created all of the medicinal herbs, using the power of humans to create them! "As long as you look more carefully, you will be able to see how strange the medicinal herbs are."

"Old Hu, how did you manage to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi?" Chen Xiang was confused: "If you had taught me, then you wouldn’t have to be my follower."

"Well... "It’s more difficult!" Hu Jingyuan frowned: "Being able to cultivate it is also due to luck!"

"Can you tell me a little?" Chen Xiang asked quickly.

"The place I come from is very special. It is a place where everyone understands how to refine pills! There are a lot of Alchemist like me there, so the powerful Alchemist over there isn’t too precious. What’s more valuable is the creator of the alchemist, they can create all kinds of medicinal herbs! "

"Is this a race?" Chen Xiang was surprised, there was actually such an existence.

"You can say that! I am also a member of the Innate Medicine Clan, but I do not have talent for Innate Medicine. " Hu Jingyuan sat down and sighed: "So, on my side, a Alchemist like me can only be a subordinate of an Inheritor. I was just lucky enough to get the medicinal ingredients rewarded by the creator of the medicine, so I carefully refined that medicinal ingredient into a pill, then condensed the World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi. "

"After I successfully condense the Divine Origin Qi, I’ll leave that place."

That kind of medicinal herb could actually be condensed by a person.

"There’s actually such a Creation Race!" Chen Xiang was very interested in the medicinal ingredients that Hu Jingyuan had mentioned just now.

"It’s not that easy to get that medicinal herb." Hu Jingyuan said: "After I left my hometown, I found out that the medicinal ingredients outside were so scarce, so I admired all of you for being able to cultivate to the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank in an environment like this where there are so few medicinal ingredients."

"In your hometown, are there many people who can cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi?" Chen Xiang wanted to go there and see.

"Not much, but it’s better than yours. You guys would definitely have fewer people here who can cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi." Hu Jingyuan said.

"Can you take me to that place?" Chen Xiang laughed: "This shouldn’t be a big deal! After you left your hometown and experienced the outside world, it’s time for you to return. " Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"However, I was brimming with confidence the moment I came out. Yet, I was defeated by you." Hu Jingyuan laughed bitterly.

Chen Xiang patted Hu Jingyuan’s shoulder, and laughed: "As long as you bring me to your hometown, I won’t mention anything about you losing to me! And then you’ll be free. "

"Alright!" Hu Jingyuan felt that following Chen Xiang for a period of time was not bad, at least he could learn a few things.

Beast-creation Race was currently so powerful, and had teamed up with God-creation Race to form a very powerful force. If they were to succeed, they would definitely engulf the entire Most Ancient Era.

The only way to stop Beast-creation Race and the rest was to become stronger!

Chen Xiang told Hu Jingyuan to wait for him in the Medicine God Mountain Villa for a period of time. He wanted to go to the Sky Split Mountain Range and find Chu Jinfeng to understand the situation there, but after he went there, he did not see Chu Jinfeng.

"Could it be that the chief is no longer in the Skysplit Mountains?" Chen Xiang waited for a few more days, but there were no movements on the order badge, so he could only return to Medicine God Mountain Villa.

There were many strong beasts hidden in the sky above the mountain range, and he dared not enter unless he could cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi.

Returning to the Medicine God Mountain Villa, Chen Xiang talked about matters regarding the Beast-creation Race with the Medicine God and the Ice-creation Race Emperor, then left the Divine Power City with Hu Jingyuan.

"Master, that Peak Ascendant pill is really not bad, we don’t even have such a pill in our place." Hu Jingyuan took out a small boat and flew high up in the sky with Chen Xiang on it. There was a Proud God Peak Pellet in his hand.

"Originally called the Peak dan. I didn’t give the recipe to the Medicine God." Chen Xiang said.

"The most difficult part should be the World Defying Dan grain inside right?" Hu Jingyuan seemed to be extremely interested in this kind of pellet.

"No, the World Defying Dan grain inside is not some sort of profound pill pattern." Chen Xiang laughed: "If you want to learn, I can sell it to you!"

"Alright, when I bring you back to my hometown, I’ll buy your pill formula." Hu Jingyuan naturally wanted to learn more about the better pills. The pills that he had refined with Chen Xiang previously, were all pills that Chen Xiang had purposely concocted in order to win against him. There were a lot of medicinal ingredients required to refine those pills, and making them was extremely difficult, not something that could be easily sold.

"How far is it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It will take me about two months to fly. It’s not too far!" Hu Jingyuan said.

Hu Jingyuan’s speed of flight was not any slower than Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors, as even this required him to fly for two months. It could be seen that his hometown was in a very distant place, far away from the flourishing region of the Most Ancient Era.

Thailand’s most popular female anchorwoman new love video exposure down the male host!