Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, Hu Jingyuan was also in a hurry to bring Chen Xiang to his hometown. This way, he would be able to buy Chen Xiang’s Peak dan s’ pill formulas.

"Old Hu, your pill refining skills are not bad. How’s your battle skills?" Chen Xiang asked with a smile, giving Hu Jingyuan a bad premonition.

"Master, are you telling me to bully someone?" Hu Jingyuan laughed dryly.

"No, I just want to be safe on the road." Chen Xiang laughed, "Don’t worry, I am a very obedient person. I won’t casually cause trouble."

Even Chen Xiang himself didn’t believe that he was someone obedient, but Hu Jingyuan didn’t know about what happened to Chen Xiang, so he believed it to be true and nodded his head in relief.

Although I’m not specialized in combat, I’m still quite good at it. After all, those who come out to mess around, as well as those who have to be tough enough, will inevitably meet some people who seek their own deaths. Hu Jingyuan rubbed his fist, "Master, don’t worry, we will definitely be very safe on our journey."

"That’s good!" Chen Xiang lied on the chair and looked at the scenery below him through the window. The little boat was flying very high and steady and its speed was very fast, so Chen Xiang felt that it should not be ambushed at this height.

After the small boat flew for three days, it suddenly swayed. Chen Xiang who was originally resting with his eyes closed, was woken up by the slight movement.

This small boat was protected by a very strong barrier. For it to be able to cause such a weak tremor, it meant that there was quite a bit of movement outside.

"Old Hu, what’s going on outside?" Chen Xiang could only see from the window. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"There are some lusty guys attacking from below!" Hu Jingyuan’s face was also filled with anger. "Let’s go down and see who exactly is this blind fellow. Even though we flew so high, we didn’t offend them."

Chen Xiang had originally wanted to let him quickly fly away, but it was already too late. Hu Jingyuan controlled the small boat to quickly descend to the ground, and then, he rushed out of the small boat.

Chen Xiang also followed Hu Jingyuan out, and saw five middle-aged men.

Chen Xiang recognized the clothing of two of the middle aged men. They were two from the God-creation Race s, the peak of the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"You attacked our boat?" Hu Jingyuan shouted in anger.

"Hand over the Chuangshen key!" A middle-aged man from the God-creation Race snorted: "Hurry up or I’ll kill you all!"

Chen Xiang finally understood that his Chuangshen key was not sealed, so the God-creation Race sensed it.

"Old Hu, this is my business!" Chen Xiang walked forward and said to Hu Jingyuan in a low voice: "You can just watch from the back. If I can’t beat him, it won’t be too late for you to make a move."

Hu Jingyuan nodded.

"The Chuangshen key is with me!" Chen Xiang took out the Chuangshen key, his eyes filled with killing intent: "You bastards, you must have participated in the assassination attempt on Senior Gu Tong!"

"Gu Tong? So it turns out that your Chuangshen key was obtained from Gu Tong. No wonder we couldn’t find anything at your place! " The middle-aged man from the God-creation Race laughed loudly. "That good-for-nothing Gu Tong, who doesn’t have much ability of his own, yet wants to stubbornly defend the Chuangshen key without letting go, he is courting death!"

Who the hell are you? What exactly is his relationship with Gu Tong, and why are there Chuangshen key s? "

Chen Xiang paid attention to the other three middle-aged men, who were not from God-creation Race, but they were very strong, and were not weaker than the two elders from God-creation Race.

"Who am I? I am your Grandpa Shen! " Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "You are all from the God-creation Race. Could it be that you are no longer afraid of Chuangyuan key?"

"Hahaha... You must be Shen Fei? I never thought that you would have so many Chuangyuan key in your hands. Perhaps you have already gathered all nine of them,. The middle-aged man from the God-creation Race laughed loudly.

The other middle-aged man continued to sneer: "We are no longer afraid of the Chuangshen key anymore, you should surrender now, hand over all the Chuangyuan key and we can let you live!"

This caused Chen Xiang to be secretly shocked in his heart. Then, he looked at the other three middle-aged men, and suddenly thought in his heart, that these three middle-aged men were definitely from the Beast-creation Race.

He guessed that it was extremely possible that the people of the God-creation Race, with the help of the Beast-creation Race, would no longer fear the restraint of the Chuangshen key!

If weakness was really like that, then God-creation Race would be even more difficult to deal with in the future!

Chen Xiang immediately kept the Chuangshen key.

"Don’t worry, I won’t give you the Chuangshen key even if I die! If you kill me, the Chuangshen key will disappear with me. " Chen Xiang was not afraid of the people in front of him, if he could not defeat them, there would be Hu Jingyuan behind them.

Hu Jingyuan was not weak, after all, he was able to produce World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi which far exceeded the level of the people in front of him.

"I don’t need to worry about that. As long as I capture you, I have a hundred ways to torture you. I’ll have you obediently hand over those Chuangyuan key s."

As the middle-aged man spoke, he had already arrived in front of Chen Xiang, his fist carrying the force of a spatial crack as he charged towards Chen Xiang’s nose. The ground shook violently, and the wind created by his fist created a violent thunderstorm.

"With your little strength, you still dare to be so arrogant in front of me!" Chen Xiang also channeled his strength, and struck towards the incoming fist. The Bone-melting magic power, accompanied by a burst of pressure, surged out from the fist and poured into the opponent’s fist, instantly burning away the bone in that fist.

Very quickly, it melted all the bones in the opponent’s body. After that, Chen Xiang jumped over and crazily stepped on it, stomped on it until it split the mountain. The middle-aged man’s body was trampled to the point that not even his bones were left.

Chen Xiang used the power of two clones. As long as it wasn’t the power of those Legend rank pinnacle experts who had cultivated World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi, he was not afraid in the slightest. That middle-aged man from before was a Legend rank pinnacle expert with decent strength.

"Don’t think that I always rely on the Chuangshen key to deal with you! Trash like you, I can easily kill you all. " When Chen Xiang’s voice came out, for some reason, a Red fire dragon suddenly appeared. It was not small, and wrapped around another middle aged man whose face was filled with shock.

After the Red fire dragon had wrapped itself around the middle-aged man, it let out a low growl and the flame shot out explosively, turning the middle age man into ashes!

"This is ..." The middle-aged man from the Beast-creation Race had already seen how powerful Chen Xiang’s Red fire dragon was. Their faces were not filled with fear, but with shock and greed.

What Chen Xiang did not expect was that when one of the middle aged men released his aura, it was actually Divine Qi. He immediately rushed towards Chen Xiang’s Red fire dragon with a chain in his hand.

"Old Hu!" Chen Xiang anxiously shouted.

After Hu Jingyuan saw Chen Xiang’s Red fire dragon, he was also surprised, because the Red fire dragon’s aura was too terrifying. After hearing Chen Xiang’s shout, he immediately rushed over to stop the middle-aged man.