Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

When Hu Jingyuan came out, he immediately took out his pill furnace and the middle aged man punched it, releasing a "weng" sound. The middle-aged man was immediately enraged, and after he roared loudly, scales appeared on his body, his hands transforming into dragon claws. He was actually a person with a Dragon Blood vein.

Seeing the formation, Hu Jingyuan was startled, and immediately retreated a few steps.

At the same time, Chen Xiang had already attacked the middle-aged men from the other two Beast-creation Race s.

These two middle aged men did not have any Divine Origin Qi, so Chen Xiang did not feel much pressure from them. He could use Six Realms mirrors s, two clones and the Red fire dragon to easily kill these two middle aged men.

When the middle-aged Beast-creation Race who had become a Draconian saw his two companions die, he was extremely furious. They had originally thought that they could easily take down Chen Xiang while cultivating Divine Qi, who knew that Chen Xiang and the others had one too, and it was not weak either.

Chen Xiang used the Red fire dragon to disturb the middle aged man, coordinating with Hu Jingyuan.

This made Hu Jingyuan feel much more relaxed.

"What do you two against one count?" The middle-aged man shouted angrily: "Our Beast-creation Race is extremely powerful. You used such a despicable method to defeat me, you will all die a horrible death!"

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Hu Jingyuan’s pill furnace fiercely smashed into the middle aged man’s head, causing him to bleed profusely, causing the middle-aged man to become even more furious.

Bang! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors also smashed over ruthlessly, striking many of the dragon scales on the middle-aged man’s body off.

Under Chen Xiang and Hu Jingyuan’s continuous attacks with their pill furnaces and Six Realms mirrors, the middle-aged man was already covered with wounds, and before long, he fell to the ground with heavy injuries.

"Give this fellow to me, I want to use it to forge pills!" Hu Jingyuan laughed.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang spread out his hands: "This guy is really a treasure in your eyes!"

Hu Jingyuan had already cultivated the Divine Origin Qi, and the reason he used the middle-aged man’s body to refine pills, was also to increase his own Divine Origin Qi.

This was actually not very useful to Chen Xiang.

"You two bastards!" The middle-aged man was furious, but he could only curse.

Hu Jingyuan was not one bit afraid of the Beast-creation Race, he laughed and threw the middle-aged man into the pill furnace, then took out the small boat and walked with Chen Xiang to continue their journey.

"Old Hu, I didn’t expect you to be so good at fighting!" Chen Xiang laughed, just now, what Hu Jingyuan faced was not a person who simply cultivated deity’s origin energy, but a guy who could turn into a human dragon.

"If it wasn’t for master’s help, I might not have been able to get away with it that easily." Hu Jingyuan seemed to be very happy at the moment. The flesh of the Draconian was a good ingredient for him to refine pills.

"Old Hu, do you know anything about those Creation Race s?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I know a little, they are the people who created this Most Ancient Era. Because this Most Ancient Era was created by them, no matter how strong they are, they cannot surpass the peak of power. They are already restricted by the world that they created." Hu Jingyuan said: "It’s hard for them to surpass us, but it’s even harder for us."

Hearing that, Chen Xiang’s eyes flashed, and said: "Old Hu, there is a place called Initial God-creation Realm, and there are many people here who have cultivated up to the World Defying Stage Divine Source! This guy is very strong, you know? "

"To be able to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source, that is indeed very scary. In my hometown, those who can cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source are very scary people." Hu Jingyuan frowned: "Maybe I’m ignorant and ignorant, I do not know about the Initial God-creation Realm, but it is possible that people in my hometown know about it, I will think of a way to ask about it after I return."

Chen Xiang also understood the Initial God-creation Realm, and knew that there was a group of strong people hidden there. They had cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, and the God-creation Race Emperor did not have any strength to fight back against them. The last time Chen Xiang encountered such a guy, he was almost killed as well.

Almost two months had passed, and Hu Jingyuan was extremely excited while on the ship.

"We’re almost there!" Hu Jingyuan shouted, "I have already left my hometown for almost ten years, I wonder how much of a change I will experience!"

"Your hometown must have a name, right?" Chen Xiang looked down from afar and did not see anything.

"This place is called Medicine-creation Divine Continent!" Hu Jingyuan said proudly.

"Why can’t I see anything? It’s just a mountain." Chen Xiang looked again carefully, but he still could not see anything.

"That’s because there’s a Spirit Formation up ahead. Of course I can’t see it." Hu Jingyuan laughed out loud: "Only the people from the Medicine-creation Divine Continent know how to pass through this barrier. If it’s someone else, they would need a bit of effort."

Sure enough, Hu Jingyuan’s small boat soon touched a barrier. He took out a rock, and the rock released a red light that enveloped the small boat, allowing it to fly past the barrier.

After passing through the barrier, Chen Xiang was immediately shocked. He saw a large expanse of buildings in the distance, as far as the eye could see, with a few rivers of various sizes crisscrossing in the middle.

The most shocking thing was that he saw nine very large trees.

In the area in front of them, there were quite a few towering mountains, but those huge trees were much taller than the tall mountains.

"There are a lot of people here!" Chen Xiang exclaimed.

"That’s right!" Hu Jingyuan laughed: "This is much more prosperous than your cities."

"En!" Chen Xiang looked at those giant trees and asked, "What are those giant trees?"

"It’s a giant tree... The people in the trees were all from the Medicinal Clan. They used their own power to keep these trees growing! Then, they released energy to nourish the Medicine-creation Divine Continent. These trees looked similar in size, but upon closer inspection, one could tell that these trees were of different heights.

"If one’s tree is the highest, then their overall strength will be a bit stronger."

Chen Xiang carefully observed and still could not determine the height of the giant tree, because it was difficult for him to see the top of the tree.

"Alright, in Medicine-creation Divine Continent, there are no urgent matters that require us to fly." Hu Jingyuan immediately controlled the small boat to descend.

The small boat landed on a river and then quickly entered the bustling area. Now, Chen Xiang finally understood why Hu Jingyuan’s flying-type Divine Equipment was a small boat.

There were many small boats here, all of them were about the same size as Hu Jingyuan, and the larger ones were all for fishing.

After entering the bustling area, Hu Jingyuan brought Chen Xiang ashore.

"I’ve been gone for more than ten years, so there shouldn’t be too much of a change. Let’s find a place to stay first." Hu Jingyuan said as he brought Chen Xiang and ran towards an inn.

After entering the tavern, Hu Jingyuan asked some questions. The shopkeeper’s reply also assured Hu Jingyuan that nothing big had happened here.

Hu Jingyuan and Chen Xiang stayed in a small house in the backyard of the inn.

Thailand’s most popular female anchorwoman new love video exposure down the male host!