Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was eating the dishes and snacks gifted by the tavern.

"Fortunately, nothing big happened!" Hu Jingyuan heaved a sigh of relief. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"What will happen? Your place looks very stable. " After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he sighed: "It’s different outside. You don’t know that God-creation Race has joined forces with the Beast-creation Race, and is going to devour the entire Most Ancient Era. Then, they will absorb the energy of the Most Ancient Era, and break through their bottleneck."

When Hu Jingyuan heard it, he could not help but laugh: "They are too naive! Even if they were able to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source, it would still be difficult for them to break through after devouring a few more Most Ancient Era! "

Chen Xiang was shocked, and immediately asked: "Old Hu, that shouldn’t be possible right? Most Ancient Era has a lot of energy! "

Hu Jingyuan shook his head: "How strong were the people who created the Most Ancient Era back then? Not very strong, they can’t even cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source! "

"That is not right, because in the Most Ancient Era, there is still someone who can cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source." Chen Xiang said: "The energy contained in the Most Ancient Era is very strong!"

"You are wrong, although there is a lot of energy hidden in the Most Ancient Era, there is a lot of energy that does not exist in the Most Ancient Era itself." Hu Jingyuan said: "If there is a lot of energy in the Most Ancient Era, then the ancestors who created the Most Ancient Era could absorb this energy and help themselves become stronger."

"The reason why his < > book doesn’t become very strong is because they are unable to absorb energy that doesn’t belong to the Most Ancient Era! So, even if some fellows engulfed the entire Most Ancient Era, they would not succeed. "

Chen Xiang was very doubtful as he frowned: "Most of the energy in the Most Ancient Era does not belong to the Most Ancient Era, what does that mean?"

"That’s right... Many of the energies in the Most Ancient Era were created when things grew. These energies all possess a consciousness, so they do not belong to the Most Ancient Era. " Hu Jingyuan laughed: "You and I are both a type of energy. Do you think you belong to the ancestors who created the Most Ancient Era? Even if they engulf Most Ancient Era, they can only destroy the entire Most Ancient Era. The energy in our bodies is not controlled by them. "

"Even if they have very strong power and can devour the energy in our bodies, we can control all of it. If we can control it to dissipate, they will not be able to get it."

After Chen Xiang finished listening, he nodded slightly, but he was still very worried. "Those fellows’ plans, will still disrupt the Most Ancient Era!"

Chen Xiang had already experienced the destruction of too many worlds before, so he did not want to experience it again. Most Ancient Era was a painstaking effort on his part, and Gu Tong and Luo Jiuyang had sacrificed themselves to protect the Most Ancient Era.

"Don’t worry, our Medicine-creation Divine Continent won’t let them succeed." Hu Jingyuan was not worried at all.

"Now that you’ve brought me here, according to our previous agreement, we aren’t in a master-servant relationship anymore." Since he was able to come to this place, he believed that he would definitely be able to find a way to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source.

"Um ..." "Little Shen, name a price and sell me the Peak dan’s pill formula," Hu Jingyuan kept thinking about this matter.

"I do not lack the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals right now." Chen Xiang said. After he sold it to the Medicine God last time, he had quite a few Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

"Then what do you want? This kind of pill formula is extremely valuable, why don’t you tell me about it! See if I can fulfill your request. " Hu Jingyuan also knew that Chen Xiang did not lack Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals.

"I want to learn some good Supreme Mantra or Legendary mantra, do you have them?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I do have a Supreme Mantra, but it’s not too good!" Hu Jingyuan revealed a difficult expression, he shook his head: "Legendary mantra are also very precious, I have only grasped one myself, and am unable to pass it down to you in a short period of time."

"I have Legendary mantra too, but it’s too hard to learn." Chen Xiang sighed: "Especially studying the second and third techniques, I simply do not know how to master them."

"So that’s how it is!" Hu Jingyuan laughed: "In our place, there is a type of pill called Spirit Communication Pill. The use of this pill is extremely wonderful, it can allow people to quickly grasp Legendary mantra s."

"There’s actually such a pill!" Chen Xiang was very surprised: "How do I buy it?"

"I can buy two for you. They are quite expensive and quite rare! But I can get it. " Hu Jingyuan said.

"The sooner the better!" Xiao Xianglin had two Legendary god Dan s that she found hard to control right now. If she could get ahold of these two pellets, she would be able to learn them and when the time came, she could refine another Paternoster soul stone which would allow him to master the pellets quickly.

Hu Jingyuan told Chen Xiang to stay here and wait for him to return. He said that he would go and inquire about some things.

Chen Xiang also did not run around randomly. In the future, he would have time to stroll around here.

"Looks like there are all kinds of weird pills in Medicine-creation Divine Continent." Chen Xiang rejoiced in his heart, "To me, this is the sacred ground of the Alchemist."

"If that’s really the case, then my clone won’t be learning the Legendary mantra. It’s too difficult to learn." Xiao Xianglin said, "Sometimes I feel like I’m about to master it, but later on, I feel like I still need to continue to learn."

The Most Ancient Era had existed for much longer than the Myriad Tao, so there were even more pills and herbs here.

"Perhaps there were people who were troubled by the difficulty of learning the Legend rank curse, which is why the Legend rank pill appeared." Chen Xiang laughed, even a Heavenly Incantation like Xiao Xianglin had difficulty controlling a large number of Legendary mantra, let alone others.

At night, Hu Jingyuan returned.

"Old Hu, what news are you looking for?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I want to know where my master is." Hu Jingyuan said: "My master was able to refine a Legend rank pill. He is not in this area, he is at the Purple fire tree s area, in the area where the huge tree glistened with a purple light."

There were nine regions in the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, and each tree was responsible for containing one region.

"We’re at the Blue Fire God Tree. We’ll need to walk for two days to get there. Let’s go now." Hu Jingyuan said.

Hu Jingyuan actually had a very strong master, no wonder he was able to cultivate deity’s origin energy.

"My master has many disciples, but I am only one of them. My performance is not bad, so he treats me pretty well." Hu Jingyuan had already left the inn and arrived at a small river, then boarded the boat and headed towards the Purple fire tree.

"Old Hu, is your master from the Innate Medicine Clan?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, he can create his own medicine and forge pills!" "He can both create medicine and refine pills, so he’s quite famous." When Hu Jingyuan talked about his master, his face was full of respect.