Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

It would take two days to get to the Purple fire tree s. Chen Xiang could see the Purple fire tree s in the distance, but he did not expect it to take that long. The novel at the apex of the horizon.

It was because the water path here was winding, from a small river to a large river, and then from a large river to a small river. Sometimes, he would even encounter crowded situations.

"Can’t we go ashore and walk?" Chen Xiang looked at the small boats everywhere and felt helpless. If he flew over directly, it would probably only be half a day.

"It’s the same when you’re ashore. If you encounter a crowded area, you’ll be walking very slowly." Hu Jingyuan was extremely familiar with this place, and laughed bitterly: "There are a lot of people here in Medicine-creation Divine Continent, that’s why it’s so crowded, but we cannot fly casually here, only patrolling people can fly here."

The crowded river had been cleared and the boat could once again move smoothly.

"This water seems to contain a lot of energy!" Chen Xiang fished around with his hands.

"Of course, the Medicine-creation Divine Continent’s water source is connected to nine huge divine trees." Hu Jingyuan said, "A lot of the energy released by the Divine Tree permeated into the water." Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The Medicine-creation Divine Continent seemed to be a peaceful area, but it was too crowded. When he and Hu Jingyuan had entered earlier, he had seen from the sky that this place was filled with densely packed houses.

"You should be patient. We’re already here!" Hu Jingyuan laughed, he controlled the small boat very leisurely.

Chen Xiang just wanted to quickly eat those legendary Spirit Communication Pills, so that he could learn more about those Legendary mantra. He was extremely impatient, he had always been very curious about those two Legendary mantra.

Xiao Xianglin had learned for such a long time, yet he still did not master those Legendary mantra s, which made him even more anxious.

More than two days had passed, Hu Jingyuan controlled the small boat and sailed to the bottom of the Purple fire tree.

From underneath the incomparably huge Purple fire tree, Chen Xiang was simply unable to see its top. When he raised his head to look, he saw that it was blocked by the densely packed and criss-crossing gigantic leaves.

"Your master is really amazing, being able to live within the divine tree." Chen Xiang said.

"That’s right!" Hu Jingyuan looked forward to it, and said to the giant tree: "Only when I receive an invitation can I live on it. I don’t have the qualifications to live on it anymore anyway!"

Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "Then, can we go in?"

After Hu Jingyuan brought Chen Xiang ashore, he smiled and said: "It’s hard to say, but of course we can’t enter. I can only wait patiently beside the big tree."

Chen Xiang looked at Hu Jingyuan with disdain. He had thought that Hu Jingyuan would bring him in.

"You’re much worse than I thought." Chen Xiang said.

"I can be considered very powerful. Although I can’t enter the Purple fire tree, I can freely enter and exit my master’s medicine shop outside." Seeing that Chen Xiang was looking down on him, Hu Jingyuan immediately shouted out: "Let’s go, I’ll bring you to my master’s shop. He will come here every so often, we’ll go there to wait for him."

Chen Xiang could only follow Hu Jingyuan to the shop, he felt that if he wanted to obtain the Legendary Pills, it would take a long time, he had thought that Hu Jingyuan would bring him to the Legendary Pills immediately.

Hu Jingyuan led Chen Xiang through the streets and alleys, and finally reached a ten story tall tower. This tower was relatively large, and its location was not bad either.

"Manager, when will my master come?" The moment Hu Jingyuan walked in, the shopkeeper ran out excitedly and greeted Hu Jingyuan immediately.

Hu Jingyuan looked at Chen Xiang as if to say: "Did you see that, all of the shopkeepers here are bowing to me!"

Chen Xiang only smiled slightly.

"He’ll probably be here in two or three days, because there’s a guest waiting for him." The shopkeeper bent his waist slightly. Seeing him being so respectful to Hu Jingyuan, he knew that Hu Jingyuan had some status.

"What important guest?" to actually be able to get Master to come personally! " Hu Jingyuan was actually very curious.

"It’s from the Golden fire tree." The shopkeeper said softly: "Because of some reasons, he cannot enter the Purple fire tree, so he can only wait here."

"Take me to see this esteemed guest." Hu Jingyuan laughed: "Just state my identity directly!"

"Alright!" Then, he brought Chen Xiang and Hu Jingyuan upstairs. In the end, he arrived at the seventh floor.

Chen Xiang and Hu Jingyuan were in the same hall, and met the esteemed guest. It was a tall and skinny old man with an extremely good temperament, who had a friendly smile on his face as he received Hu Jingyuan with a smile.

Behind this tall and skinny old man, there was a young man with a pale face who looked extremely weak. He forced out a smile and greeted Chen Xiang.

"I never thought that it would actually be the Golden fire tree’s old man, Yu Weizhou." Hu Jingyuan said respectfully, "When you first killed that group of wasps, it was to prevent the Golden fire tree from suffering a calamity. Even though I was still young, I already have a lot of respect for senior."

"It’s all the past!" Yu Weizhou laughed awkwardly: "Your master also helped me back then. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have had the confidence to help you all."

Chen Xiang didn’t understand much about these things and could only listen on the side. He could see that this Yu Weizhou should be someone important, but from the tone of his voice just now, he should be in a rather dire situation.

"Master Yu, this is?" Hu Jingyuan looked at the weak youth and asked.

"This is my grandson, Yu Lirong ... Sigh, because of sparring with others, he was heavily injured, and his illness was severe, he was unable to recover even after many years. I have looked for many Alchemist s, but none of them have any good methods! " Yu Weizhou said.

"Why didn’t you come find my master earlier?" Hu Jingyuan laughed: "My master will definitely have a way!"

"I went to look for your master at the first possible moment! Back then, if it wasn’t for your master, this grandson of mine would have died long ago. "He refined a type of pill, and can finally stabilize his injuries." Yu Weizhou said.

Now it seemed that Yu Lirong had suffered from his old injuries again, or perhaps because of some reason, his injuries had worsened.

Chen Xiang also felt that it was strange. Someone like Yu Weizhou, with such powerful strength, actually had an injury that he could not cure. Even Hu Jingyuan’s extremely strong master had not completely healed him.

"Then how can I recover? This kind of injury is too weird! " Hu Jingyuan had already walked to Yu Lirong’s side, and was carefully observing him.

Suddenly, a handsome youth with a face full of arrogance walked in. He arched his eyebrows and said with a sneer, "Hu Jingyuan, don’t make a fool of yourself here, don’t embarrass Master!"