Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing this youth, Hu Jingyuan was immediately angered, and said coldly: "Meng Tianhao, don’t think that just because you obtained the qualifications to enter the Purple fire tree that you are able to look down on others, in terms of strength, I am stronger than you!"

Meng Tianhao and Hu Jingyuan were senior and junior brothers, but Meng Tianhao looked so young, and Hu Jingyuan looked so old.

Meng Tianhao laughed, "So what? "You are just lucky enough to have cultivated the Divine Origin Qi. But in terms of alchemy, you are far inferior to me!"

Chen Xiang snickered in his heart, the fact that his junior and junior brothers were bickering here had already caused their sect to lose face.

"I say ... "Sigh!" Yu Weizhou sighed helplessly, he was already annoyed enough.

"Senior, I’ve let you down." Hu Jingyuan anxiously said: "I was only concerned about your grandson’s condition, that’s why I asked, who knew that this guy would be so arrogant, and even dare to speak so rudely to me."

Yu Weizhou nodded his head: "Thank you for your concern, let’s wait for your master!"

When Meng Tianhao saw Chen Xiang, his eyes were filled with disdain: "Who is this guy? You have the right to sit here! Hu Jingyuan, is this the guy you brought back from outside Medicine-creation Divine Continent? Don’t you know that the majority of the people outside the Medicine-creation Divine Continent are weak? They actually brought him to Master’s shop! "

"He’s my friend, so what? Don’t you often bring your friends here? " Hu Jingyuan was instantly enraged.

"Hmph. My friends are all well-known people. How can they be like the trash you brought back and the chairs he made? I even find them dirty." Meng Tianhao’s eyes were full of hostility and ridicule, staring at Chen Xiang.

"Only when trash looks at things do I feel like trash." Chen Xiang indifferently said without waiting for Hu Jingyuan to scold him.

"Oh, you actually said that again!?" If you really came from outside Medicine-creation Divine Continent, then I am not wrong, the people outside are all trash! If you don’t believe me, ask old senior Yu Weizhou. " Meng Tianhao sneered.

"That may not be the case. The world is big, and there are many strange things about it. The Medicine-creation Divine Continent is so vast, and not only are there strong warriors in there." Yu Weizhou chuckled and then said to Chen Xiang: "Outside, it should still be the era of those eight Creation Race s. It’s been a long time since I’ve been out."

"No, Thunder-creation Sacred Race is finished." Chen Xiang laughed, and that was what he had done: "Moreover, there is an additional Beast-creation Race!"

Yu Weizhou was shocked, his brows knitted: "Beast-creation Race is actually here, this is truly incredible, Beast-creation Race is truly powerful!"

The strong people inside actually knew of the existence of the Beast-creation Race.

At this time, Meng Tianhao said to Chen Xiang: "This shop belongs to my master, you should leave! You are from outside Medicine-creation Divine Continent, we don’t trust you! "

Chen Xiang stood up and said with a cold face, "I am currently speaking with Elder Yu, why are you interrupting? Did you know that just based on your words and actions, you’re already very annoying! With such a highly respected expert like Elder Yu here, even if we have any deep grudges or grudges, we shouldn’t have any conflicts here. You don’t even understand the basic principles of how we conduct ourselves. "

Yu Weizhou nodded slightly. He did not have a good impression of Meng Tianhao, even though he had seen him twice before.

Meng Tianhao’s expression was ugly to the extreme, which made him even more furious. He said coldly: "You actually dare to speak to me in such a way! Then you should scram even more! If I say you are trash, then you are trash. If you still don’t admit it, all the fellows outside Medicine-creation Divine Continent are trash, quickly scram. Otherwise, don’t blame me for being impolite. "

Hu Jingyuan said angrily: "Meng Tianhao, Chen Xiang is someone who can defeat me in pill refining, don’t look down on me! Chen Xiang’s pill refining skills are definitely not inferior to yours. You, who are in charge of observing the world, should go and have a look at the outside world. "

Meng Tianhao laughed loudly: "You actually lost to such a fellow, and you still have the nerve to say it! You truly are a shameless person, the Alchemist inside the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, actually lost to trash outside! "

"Fine, you’ve always thought I was trash, but do you dare to spar with me?" Chen Xiang said in a cold voice. Towards this kind of person who spoke in such a manner, he definitely had to teach him a lesson.

"Why would I not dare to compete? Say, if I lose to you, I’ll kowtow to you. " Meng Tianhao sneered: "If you lose, why don’t you kowtow to me too?"

"Kowtow means nothing to me! How about we bet the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals? Fifty million Tao-creation Holy Crystals, do you dare to bet? " Chen Xiang said: "Anyways, senior Yu is bored here, how about we let him witness?"

The first thing he said was fifty million Tao-creation Holy Crystals, even Yu Weizhou was shocked!

Meng Tianhao was even more shocked, how could he have fifty million Tao-creation Holy Crystals? Although he could refine pellets, he would need many divine medicines and a lot of time to refine one pellet. Although he could sell a lot of Tao-creation Holy Crystals, he could not concoct even fifty million.

Chen Xiang obtained the Tao-creation Divine Crystals from selling the pill formulas, which were accumulated by the Medicine God for many years. Therefore, this amount of Tao-creation Divine Crystals was very high even in the Medicine-creation Divine Continent.

"Don’t scare me, you don’t even have that many!" Meng Tianhao shouted in anger.

Chen Xiang took out a Storage bag and coldly laughed: "If you don’t believe me, you can look for yourself!"

"There really are fifty million Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals inside." Yu Weizhou scanned the place with his consciousness, and exclaimed. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Meng Tianhao was speechless. Someone who could take out fifty million Tao-creation Holy Crystals so casually was definitely not some ordinary guy. At least, he wouldn’t be able to take it out.

"Haha, Meng Tianhao, you don’t even have that many Tao-creation Holy Crystals, you don’t dare to gamble!" Hu Jingyuan laughed.

"That’s right, I do not have that many Tao-creation Divine Crystals! However, this does not prove that my level is weaker than him. I can at most take out ten million Tao-creation Divine Crystals, that is all I have left. " Meng Tianhao said as he grinded his teeth. He believed that for people like Chen Xiang who came from outside the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, their pill refining level was not as good as his.

He had beaten Hu Jingyuan before, so he could always mock Hu Jingyuan, even though it was a long, long time ago that Hu Jingyuan had lost to him.

But this made him feel that he was stronger than Hu Jingyuan!

Hu Jingyuan was actually very strong, otherwise he would not be able to cultivate the Divine Origin Qi! This made Meng Tianhao jealous. Although he could enter the Purple fire tree s, he wished that he could cultivate the Deity’s Origin Qi.

"I’ll bet ten million. I’ll decide the rules." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, you decide on the rules! If this rule is unfair, I believe that even Master Yu will be able to see through it. " Meng Tianhao knew that Yu Weizhou was a very righteous person, so he was not worried that Chen Xiang would act shamelessly.

"However, I must first take a look at your Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals." Chen Xiang said with a look of despise.

Meng Tianhao was furious in his heart, as he clenched his teeth and took out a Storage bag, but there were only nine million Tao-creation Divine Crystals inside. "I was wrong, it was only nine million!"

"It doesn’t matter!" Chen Xiang felt that as long as Yue Yang lost, he would be bankrupt.