Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Creating Opportunity

Translated by - Ash, Edited by - Beansprout

5/6th chapter of this week.

That Chen Xiang could even escape didn’t even cross Gu Dongchen’s mind because it was absolutely impossible! That was why he especially selected the elite disciples in the sect in order to let them learn the Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise.

The experts of other three sea domains brought their proud disciples for the very same intentions!

"Seniors, Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise is very abstruse. Although I had memorized it, my comprehension of it is still nothing but superficial! If everybody wants to understand its abstruse principles, you must first know the backdrop of how Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise was created and some of its stories. This is to let everyone realize what they are lacking, realize the greatness of its creation as well as know how insignificant we are! This is what my teacher told me. And according to him, this is one of the most important parts of the entire exercise!" Chen Xiang said with a solemn look pasted on his face. It seemed, that it truly had happened.

"But of course, we are very happy to learn the stories of Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise! After all, some martial exercises need a certain level of understanding. Maybe these stories will let us gain a deeper level of understanding." Lan Hai nodded his head and said. Other experts too nodded their heads in agreement one by one.

Chen Xiang was secretly having a great laugh. He suddenly found it cool to fool these hypocritical guys. In the future, he could even use it to have a great laugh.

"Senior really knows his stuff, truly worthy of experts whom my teacher often mentioned about. This junior completely admires you!" Chen Xiang cupped his hand to salute Lan Hai as he said with a complete look of admiration on his face. This caused Lan Hai to secretly feel proud.

Chen Xiang’s gaze swept through every expert around him. Using this opportunity, he even took a peek at Liu Menger and the girls. Then seriously said, "Has everyone heard of the Imperial Dragon Family?"

"I have heard of Ancient Dragon Family, as for Imperial Dragon Family...I’ve never heard of them." Lan Hai shook his head, others too shook their head in unison.

In his heart, Chen Xiang secretly felt elated. Long Xueyi, this smelly dragon would often brag about the Imperial Dragon Family. If he narrated the story of Imperial Dragon Family, he could go on for at least 10-15 days easily.

"Everybody please focus, The Imperial Dragon Family is akin to emperor-like existences in the Dragon Family. The Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise was created by a dragon of the Imperial Dragon Family! And the well-known countless Dragon Martial Techniques were all created by these very members of Imperial Dragon Family! The so-called Dragonslayers Divine Martial Techniques does not only grant humans the power to slay dragons, but using the same techniques, a dragon can also slay a dragon! That’s why these techniques are extremely terrifying. People who knew me, all know that many of the martial techniques I use are related to dragons. This is the most terrifying about the Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise!"

Although Chen Xiang was amusing them, it lured everyone’s attention.

"Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise is very powerful. It is a divine level technique amongst the Dragon Martial Techniques! And it is ranked ninth in the Imperial Dragon Family’s Dragon Martial Techniques. There are eight other stronger techniques above it which are said to have fallen into Mortal World!"

The crowd of martial artists burst into exclamations. The Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise was just ranked ninth!

Next, Chen Xiang began talking nonsense, from left and right he pulled out some stories, fabricated some of the nonsense, and with Long Xueyi help, accordingly added a little bit. The way he spoke seemed to make everyone immerse in his stories. As if they themselves were the protagonists, as if they were in the world of Imperial Dragon.

Like this, three days had passed in the blink of an eye. Chen Xiang excitedly said, "The most crucial point of cultivating the Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise is the state of mind! You need to be like a dragon who has an aura of looking down upon the whole world. Although all seniors here are the strongest experts in the Mortal World, after you arrive at Heavenly Realm, your strengths can not even be compared with a claw of the dragon. Facing the imposing manner of a dragon, everyone will feel like an ant."

"But, after cultivating the Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise, we can slay dragons!"

Chen Xiang’s nonsense went on straight for three day and three nights, yet he still had not arrived at the main point. Although some people were getting impatient, they still listened to him with rapt attention. Because Chen Xiang had repeatedly mentioned that these stories were very important, they must definitely remember! All because when they are going to cultivate the Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise, they could get some enlightenment from these stories.

Watching Chen Xiang conning these people, Long Xueyi could not stop laughing. She also continuously kept imparting Chen Xiang with new ideas. Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were also trying to find ways.

"Alright, seniors, you have to first assimilate what I have said till now. Afterward, I will begin imparting the chanting formula. Everybody has to remember the chanting formula well! If you forget even one word when you are cultivating, it could very easily lead to Qigong Deviation and you might even die!" A solemn look appeared on Chen Xiang’s face. Although these people could not cultivate the Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise, they needed to draw reference and create some martial techniques from it. That’s why there was no room for carelessness.

Chen Xiang rested for a moment as he discussed with the two girls inside the ring, "Is there a plan? Smelly dragon, tell me what you have discovered, what about the surroundings!"

"There is a very small hole enough for a bird to get under a table. This hole is very deep and I don’t know where it will lead! All the stone tables and chairs are protected by a strange power, so it is very difficult to break them and also difficult to probe! My divine sense is unable to enter the depths of the hole!" Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised. The Heroes Mountain was the venue of Heroes Assembly, so of course, it had to be marvelous. Perhaps, a hundred thousand years ago, this place was carefully built by the strongest of experts. And after repulsing the Demons and Devils, they might have come here to celebrate!

"According to Zhenzhen, her parents are nearby. If you open the profound beast bag, her parents will be able to sense the aura of Little White Tiger. Her parents are very strong. Perhaps, they will have a conflict with these people, this might very well be the opportunity we are looking for!" Bai Youyou said.

"At that time, you can cast the "Misty Sky" from the Black Tortoise Divine Exercise and envelope this whole area in dense mist. Afterward, you can transform into a bird and quickly drill your way into that hole which is located under the table!" Su Meiyao said.

Currently, Chen Xiang was left with no choice. He quietly opened the profound beast bag, so that the aura of Little White Tiger quietly overflowed outside. From Bai Zhenzhen, he came to learn that her father and mother were both extremely powerful. They had at least crossed the eighth Nirvana Tribulation. They could be considered as peak martial artists in Mortal World. Mankind definitely could not dare to arbitrarily start a feud with these kinds of demon beasts.

After the profound beast bag was opened, Chen Xiang began imparting the chanting formula, word by word, very slowly. This time he was speaking the true formula, however, he was very slow. In any case, the chanting formula of Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise was very long, even if he imparted it at a normal speed, it would take a very long time. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

These Nirvana Realm martial artists turned extremely excited just by listening to a few words of the chanting formula, because they all knew its abstrusity. They thought that by coming here to the Chenwu Mainland, their harvest was pretty huge. They felt they could create powerful martial techniques from the Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise which would be handed down to the later generations by generations; making them famous throughout the ages!

Everyone remained very quiet as they aptly listened to the chanting formula read by Chen Xiang. Liu Menger and the others had a pretty good understanding of Chen Xiang’s character; they always felt that something was bound to happen. They all knew that Chen Xiang is not someone who would so easily surrender!

Just like this, half a day has already passed, yet Chen Xiang had only spoken fifty words of chanting formula. Furthermore, he repeated it three times under the pretense that others might not remember!

Chen Xiang would not truly impart the Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise. If someone with sinister intentions created some deadly martial technique due to it, it would bring scourge upon the common people. In particular, the devil path martial artists. And if it fell into the hands of Demon and Devil Domain, the consequences would be disastrous.

Suddenly, two overlapping tiger roars floated over from far away which was followed by a gust of wind filled with an aura of slaughter. Surprisingly, it pierced through the barrier, and awakened many people who were immersed in remembering the few words of the chanting formula!

Chen Xiang’s heart started pounding madly. He knew that his opportunity has arrived. He was currently a little tensed because everywhere around him were Nirvana Realm martial artists. If he fails this time, these guys will take care of him more strictly. At that time, it would be difficult to find any opportunity to escape.