Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Yu Weizhou still had two more days to wait, it was boring anyway, and seeing these juniors fighting, he felt that it was very interesting, and his grandson, Yu Lirong, was also very interested.

"Then quickly tell me how to compete!" Meng Tianhao could not wait any longer.

"You and I should know by now. The reason why Elder Yu came here is to cure his grandson Yu Lirong’s strange injury." Chen Xiang said.

"That’s right, only my master has the ability to suppress this kind of injury." Meng Tianhao said.

"Mn, then let’s see who can heal Yu Lirong’s injuries and restore him to his peak." Chen Xiang said: "Whoever can do it, wins!"

Meng Tianhao laughed: "Are you joking? Even my master could only barely suppress his injuries, and you said that the content of our competition is a complete recovery? This is impossible, you better stop messing around. If you don’t have any standards, don’t mess around with others! You can only win against people like Hu Jingyuan. "

"Your failure to cure is your problem! If I can cure it, then even if I win, if I can’t, it means I lose, and you can get ten million Tao-creation Holy Crystals! " Chen Xiang continued: "What do you think?"

"Since you want to give my Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals for free, then I can’t do anything about it. If you really can treat it, then you won’t only be earning my Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals." Meng Tianhao laughed sarcastically: "Of course, you must be crazy to be able to think of the contents of such a competition."

Yu Weizhou and Yu Lirong, the grandfather and grandson were both stunned. They did not expect that the content of Chen Xiang’s competition, was actually related to them.

"Alright, I’ll start now!" Chen Xiang came over to Yu Lirong’s side. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"This... Little brother, my grandson’s injuries are not easy to treat, they can only be suppressed. " Yu Weizhou shook his head and sighed.

"The main reason for his injury was because his own strength was insufficient to suppress it. I had secretly observed earlier that there would occasionally be some strange strength aura on his body. This aura is from an external force, not his own." Chen Xiang said.

"That’s right!" Yu Weizhou’s eyes lit up, he did not expect Chen Xiang to be able to discover it even in such a state.

"Brother Yu should be a Peak of World Defying magic realm!" Chen Xiang said.

"If he wasn’t troubled by that strange injury, he would have long since stepped into the legendary realm and reached the peak of the world. It was all due to this strange injury that he was delayed for so many years." Yu Weizhou let out a long sigh, "Even now, it would be difficult for him to break through."

"I have a pill here called the Legendary god Dan. As long as you eat it, you can enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank." Chen Xiang took out a Legendary god Dan and continued: "This will take me about two to three thousand years to refine. As long as I refine it, I can make a breakthrough."

"Bullshit!" Which pill could allow one to step into World Defying Stage Legendary Rank with just one pill? They all need to eat at least ten or twenty pills. " Meng Tianhao taunted: "Master Yu, don’t let this guy’s pills scam you."

Hu Jingyuan, however, believed that it was true, because Chen Xiang had the Peak dan!

Yu Weizhou received Chen Xiang’s pellet and looked at it: "There is nothing wrong with this pellet. It contains a very powerful energy within, and most importantly, this World Defying Dan grain ... It’s very strange, the true power of this pill should be released by this World Defying Dan grain, I think it’s worth a try! "

Yu Weizhou had already taken out a Time array.

"Li Rong, refine this well. This is a ten thousand year old Time array, refine it and it will be fine." As Yu Weizhou spoke, he placed the ten Tao-creation’s Divine Beads into the array disc, and let Yu Lirong bring the array disc into the room.

A Time array opened by the Tao-creation’s Divine Bead, and one that was ten thousand years old at that. In other words, it was a super Time array that had existed for ten thousand years in the outside world.

"Is old man Yu the one who created the medicine?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It can only be considered half..." My main focus will be on the battle and I will specifically deal with some of the venomous insect Poisonous beast that invade the divine tree. " Yu Weizhou said.

"This Medicine-creation Divine Continent is truly a very prosperous and strange world." Chen Xiang laughed.

"You haven’t!" Meng Tianhao was very unhappy, because he could see that Yu Weizhou was very courteous to him.

"I’ve seen too many worlds." What Chen Xiang said was the truth. Although Yu Weizhou might be stronger than him, his experience was not as abundant as his. He had experienced many profound worlds, experienced many different things, and many different worlds.

Hu Jingyuan stood at the side without saying a word. He was only walking around, and he was really looking forward to the moment Yu Lirong came out. If Chen Xiang’s Legendary god Dan could really help him break through, then that would be too shocking.

"I had once thought of letting Li Rong eat more pills to get to World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, but after eating so many, it was still hard to reach." Yu Weizhou sighed: "But others can easily break through."

"The pills you ate should be at intervals, right? In Brother Yu’s case, you need to break through the bottleneck in one go. " Chen Xiang also understood some of those pellets, which was what Hu Jingyuan had said before. So after taking one pellet, and after eating another at intervals, depending on the circumstances of different people, once they had consumed enough pellets, they could step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

Although he had guaranteed that he would be able to break through the legendary realm, in Chen Xiang’s eyes, he was still far behind.

... ....

"It’s already been four hours, and it’s already been three to four thousand years since the last time the Time array was here." Meng Tianhao waited at the side, his heart burning with anxiety. If he really succeeded, he would lose miserably.

"You are an outsider. If you were to cheat ..." Just as Meng Tianhao said that, the door opened.

Yu Lirong who had walked out looked completely different from the sickly him from before. Chen Xiang knew that he had recovered with just a glance, and this was completely within Chen Xiang’s expectations. The reason why he took so long was probably because Yu Lirong was already suffering from strange injuries, hence the speed at which he was refining it was much slower.

Yu Weizhou also did not dare believe it, and excitedly walked over and carefully checked Yu Lirong’s situation.

"Grandfather, I have already stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. I have used my own strength to heal all the strange injuries in my body." Yu Lirong’s voice was straightforward, and he laughed.

"Thank you Brother Shen for saving us." Yu Lirong walked over and bowed to Chen Xiang.

"You’re welcome. I’m glad my pills are useful to you." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Little brother, I really don’t know how to thank you!" Yu Weizhou had already bowed and thanked Chen Xiang with tears streaming down his face. Because for so many years, he had been running all over the place for his grandson, causing him to feel extremely depressed.

"There’s no need to be so grateful. In any case, this is just a small matter for me." Chen Xiang immediately held Yu Weizhou up.

Hu Jingyuan was pleasantly surprised, if Chen Xiang’s Legendary god Dan was exposed, it would definitely shine here.

Meng Tianhao looked at Yu Weizhou, whose face was filled with gratitude and tears. His expression was unsightly to the extreme, and an indescribable rage surged up in his heart. He was feeling jealous, envious, and at the same time, felt dejected and indignant because of the nine million Tao-creation s he had lost.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!