Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, Meng Tianhao had no choice but to give the Tao-creation Divine Crystal to Chen Xiang. He took out the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal with a heartache, cursing Chen Xiang in his heart. < Previous Chapter | Next Chapter >

Chen Xiang was very happy to get his hands on the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, his face was full of smiles, which made Meng Tianhao even more angry.

Yu Weizhou had to thank Chen Xiang no matter what. He thought for a bit, then took out two stones and gave it to Chen Xiang.

"This is just a small token of my appreciation!" Yu Weizhou said, and handed the stone over to Chen Xiang.

Hu Jingyuan saw that the two gray stones were shrouded by a layer of faint white light and shouted in shock, "These are Explosive Divine Stones!"

"That’s right, this is the most precious thing I have on me. If it wasn’t for little brother’s divine pill, I don’t know when I would be able to recover my strength." Yu Weizhou shone the two stones into Chen Xiang’s hands.

"Brother Shen, after being refined into a Divine Weapon, if you are hit by a fierce attack, a very strong power will explode and shock the opponent. It will be very helpful in battle." It was all thanks to Chen Xiang that he was able to recover. Naturally, he was also extremely grateful to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang accepted the two Explosive Divine Stones and also expressed his gratitude to Yu Weizhou.

"Master Yu, do you have any Spirit Communication Pills?" Chen Xiang needs this kind of pill now, although grandfather knows how to refine it, he might not have it on hand. " Hu Jingyuan asked quickly.

"Of course!" Yu Weizhou immediately took out a pill and gave it to Chen Xiang: "I only have one here!"

"Thank you, but this pill must be very precious, I will use the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals to buy it." Chen Xiang said.

"Just keep it, don’t be polite with me." Yu Weizhou laughed.

Chen Xiang could only accept it.

He didn’t know when Meng Tianhao left either, but no matter what, neither Chen Xiang nor Hu Jingyuan noticed him.

"Master Yu, then do you still want to wait for my master?" Hu Jingyuan laughed, Yu Weizhou definitely had many matters to attend to, after all these years, Yu Lirong had held him up for too long.

"I’m not waiting anymore. He must be very busy too. I’m going to bring him back!" Say hello to him for me. " Yu Weizhou said, then bid farewell to Chen Xiang, and left with him.

After Hu Jingyuan saw that Yu Weizhou had left, he smiled: "Chen Xiang, in the future, go to the Golden fire tree s. If there is anything you need, go find him.

"My dan can help others, and I’m content." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Chen Xiang, your pill formula is too amazing!" Hu Jingyuan was extremely respectful, of course he wanted to learn and refine the Legendary god Dan, but he knew that was impossible.

On the other hand, the Peak dan’s pill formula was possible.

"Old Hu, then how many Holy Crystals of the Tao-creation would the Spirit Communication Pellet be worth? You brought me here just like this, are you sure your master will give it to me? " Chen Xiang was extremely curious, he felt that the Spirit Communication Pill was definitely very precious.

"It’s quite expensive, it’s worth tens of millions of Tao-creation Holy Crystals!" Hu Jingyuan said: "If you are willing to use the medicinal formula to exchange with my master, he will definitely give you two pellets." Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The price of the Peak dan s’ pill formulas were also about the same. Even if he sold them in the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, it would not affect the people in there.

"You guys have so many Creation Gods, can’t they create pills that can allow people to quickly enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank?" Chen Xiang suddenly felt that those drug creators did not seem to be that powerful.

You are a powerful Alchemist, you should know very well that even if I gave you a huge pile of medicinal herbs, you still wouldn’t be able to make a good combination. "Su Yun said in a low voice. Hu Jingyuan said: "The pharmacists here are only able to create single, very strong medicinal herbs. If you want to concoct a pill formula, the Alchemist will have to do it himself. "

Chen Xiang had a deep understanding of pill formulas. If not for He Fengyuan’s perception of medicinal ingredients, he would not know how to obtain a pill formula.

"I still lack a Legendary Elixir." Chen Xiang said: "If I were to directly exchange that pill formula with your master, wouldn’t that be a huge loss?"

"Don’t worry, my master will give you other compensation." Hu Jingyuan laughed: "My master is a very good person, you must not have a bad impression of him because of him."

"How about this, I want two Spirit Channeling Pills. It’s not a bad thing to have one of these." Chen Xiang thought about it and said.

Hu Jingyuan sat down, curled his lips and said: "That bastard Meng Tianhao ran off just like that, I still want to scold him a few times."

"He must hate me." Chen Xiang laughed.

"He asked for it." Hu Jingyuan thought about how Meng Tianhao suffered, and couldn’t help but laugh out loud: "Actually my pill refining skills are not inferior to this guy at all. The last time he defeated me was all because of the methods he used, what achievements do you think a fellow with such a weak character like him would have?"

"That’s true!" Chen Xiang nodded, with his personality, it was difficult for him to achieve anything. Hu Jingyuan was a good person.

Chen Xiang was waiting here for that powerful Master of his, Hu Jingyuan’s, for him. It would take another two days for him to arrive.

After waiting for a long time, suddenly a blue robed old man appeared. He looked very friendly, but when he saw Hu Jingyuan and Chen Xiang, he smiled.

"Xiao Hu, you have such a strong friend, why didn’t you introduce him to me? "You should have taken him to my place. What was he waiting for?" The blue-robed elder laughed.

"Uncle!" How did you know about Chen Xiang? " Hu Jingyuan chuckled: "Aren’t I worried that I will disturb you?"

His name was Ke Yunxing, and he was a founding alchemist and a Alchemist. Although he was Hu Jingyuan’s Senior Master, his reputation was far inferior to Hu Jingyuan’s master.

"What are you talking about? "Come, come and sit at my place." Ke Yunxing laughed.

Hu Jingyuan didn’t want to go, but there was no other way. He was forcefully pulled away by Ke Yunxing, who was also dragged over.

"I just met Yu Weizhou on the road. He was the one who told me about it. said. At this time, he had already brought Chen Xiang and to another tall tower, which was also a medicine store.

Chen Xiang and Hu Jingyuan were invited to a very luxurious living room.

"Little brother, your Legendary god Dan is really amazing, I wonder where you got your pill formulas from?" Ke Yunxing asked with a smile, as he poured some tea for Chen Xiang.

"An expert gave it to me." Chen Xiang casually said. Generally speaking, when someone asked for a pill formula, they would mostly want it. Chen Xiang’s actions were also hinting to Ke Yunxing that he would not give out the Legendary god Dan’s pill formula.