Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang brought the tea to his mouth, he smelled that something was wrong and his expression changed. He immediately looked at Hu Jingyuan and saw that he had finished drinking the cup of tea.

Ke Yunxing came over to Hu Jingyuan’s side and smiled: "Xiao Hu, how’s my tea?"

"Martial Uncle, your tea is naturally very good. Your tea is much more famous than your medicinal herbs." Hu Jingyuan laughed.

Chen Xiang frowned and immediately sent a sound transmission to Hu Jingyuan: "Old Hu, your Senior Master’s tea is strange, don’t drink the second cup."

When Hu Jingyuan, who was originally laughing, heard the sound transmission from Chen Xiang, his face suddenly changed. He immediately channeled his Divine Origin Qi to resist the warm current that was entering his body.

"Impressive! To be able to discover it so quickly! " Ke Yunxing said, as he fiercely pressed his palm on Hu Jingyuan’s chest, releasing a burst of force, causing Hu Jingyuan’s blood to spurt out all over the place.

Chen Xiang suddenly jumped up from the chair, this Ke Yunxing actually attacked Hu Jingyuan!

Ke Yunxing was Hu Jingyuan’s Senior Master, but to be able to hate his hands so much, Chen Xiang immediately thought that this Ke Yunxing wanted his Legendary god Dan to be single-handedly inverted.

After Hu Jingyuan was poisoned by the tea, he was then ruthlessly smacked. At this moment, he no longer had the strength to retaliate.

"You can’t run away, this is my territory!" Ke Yunxing leisurely said with a smile.

When Hu Jingyuan cultivated the Divine Origin Qi, Ke Yunxing was still a little afraid, but now that he was seriously injured by Hu’er’s poison, he didn’t have to worry about anything at all. If he wanted to deal with Chen Xiang himself, it would be as easy as flipping his palm.

The Divine Origin Qi that was being released from Ke Yunxing’s body was much stronger than Hu Jingyuan’s. Although he had not cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, he was not someone that Chen Xiang could take care of.

Hu Jingyuan slumped onto the chair, with a face full of anger: "Ke Yunxing, I didn’t think you were this kind of guy! Chen Xiang saved Yu Lirong before. If something happens, Yu Weizhou will definitely find you to settle the score! "

"As long as this doesn’t get out." Suddenly, a voice came out, it was Meng Tianhao!

Chen Xiang and Hu Jingyuan immediately understood that the reason why Ke Yunxing knew about the Legendary god Dan was not because he met Yu Wei.

"When the time comes, you can scold that foolish master of mine and have Yu Weizhou settle the score with him." Meng Tianhao laughed sinisterly, he walked to Hu Jingyuan’s side and fiercely slapped his face.

Chen Xiang clenched his fists and said coldly: "You two bastards!"

Ke Yunxing laughed loudly: "You have already fallen into my hands, don’t you understand? If you cooperate with me honestly, I might spare your life and put you in jail. "

Ke Yunxing was also beside Hu Jingyuan. He released a burst of black flames and poured it into Hu Jingyuan’s abdomen.

Hu Jingyuan immediately screamed at the top of his lungs, the black flames inside his body was extremely painful.

"Quickly hand over your Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal, the Legendary god Dan’s medicinal formula, the Explosive Shock Divine Stone and the Legend rank Spirit Pill." Ke Yunxing laughed sinisterly: "Otherwise, I will make that guy even more miserable."

The wealth in Chen Xiang’s hands indeed made people envious, it was enough for a strong warrior like Ke Yunxing to take action.

Hu Jingyuan was in extreme pain, but his face was filled with guilt, because he knew that it was all his fault.

"Chen Xiang, don’t worry about me!" The pained Hu Jingyuan roared out, his body fiercely ignited. He was destroying himself, just so that he would not drag Chen Xiang down!

Facing an expert like Ke Yunxing who was threatened by her, Chen Xiang could not resist at all. On one hand, he couldn’t win against her, and on the other hand, he would make Hu Jingyuan suffer even more. So he had already planned to make the trade, but he never thought that in order to not implicate, Hu Jingyuan would actually destroy himself!

"You all ... I’ll fight you guys to the death! " Chen Xiang’s body instantly expanded, his two clones releasing two Red fire dragon s, and then merged with his original body’s Red fire dragon s.

The Red fire dragon had been fused by Ah Hu before, so Ah Hu had special fusion Legendary mantra that fused them together in an instant.

This Red fire dragon was not very big, but from the moment it came out, it carried a burst of divine origin energy. With a roar, it rushed towards Meng Tianhao and instantly pierced through his chest.

There was a large hole in Meng Tianhao’s chest that was emitting fire. The Red fire dragon’s legendary dragon fire spread inside his body, causing him to scream crazily in pain.

The furious Chen Xiang’s eyes burned with red flames. The Red fire dragon returned to his side and hid in his arm, making it look extremely ferocious and scary. It was covered in red scales and it produced sharp tiger teeth tiger claws and eagle claws, burning with intense flames.

Ke Yunxing had also seen that terrifying Red fire dragon just now. Although he was shocked in his heart, he was even more overjoyed because he felt that he would definitely be able to tame this dragon.

Ke Yunxing immediately rushed forward, holding onto the two array discs, he wanted to seal Chen Xiang!

But what he did not expect was that Chen Xiang actually flew over, the speed was as fast as teleportation, when he arrived in front of, the arm that merged with the Red fire dragon rushed out, smashing into an array disc, the thick ferocious Scarlet Dragon Fire Armour even pierced through Ke Yunxing’s body.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Chen Xiang’s arm shook, and a wave of energy exploded outwards. The surrounding space was instantly torn apart, the violent spatial turbulence twisted the surrounding space, and everything was sucked in.

Chen Xiang’s arm was also in extreme pain. His body had definitely been severely injured by his fist, and due to the space collapsing, everything around him was torn into pieces and sucked in. The scene was in complete chaos.

"Die!" Chen Xiang punched at Ke Yunxing through the air, he had even used pressure on him, the force of the punch became even more berserk, causing the entire floor of the tower to almost explode, and the floors above were all ignited in flames.

Ke Yunxing’s body was smashed into two pieces by Chen Xiang’s fist. His abdomen was missing, and only his legs and upper body were left.

Chen Xiang looked at Hu Jingyuan’s side. There was only a pool of flame there.

"Let’s go, or I’ll be sucked away as well!" Chen Xiang never thought that his punch would be so powerful, it actually caused the space to collapse.

Chen Xiang passed through a wall and jumped down from the tower.

After he landed on the ground, more than half of the pagoda had already been devoured by space, and the collapsed space was gradually recovering. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Old Hu!" Chen Xiang looked at the tower in grief and fury: "I have already avenged you!"

He had already returned the Red fire dragon to its original state. With the three Red fire dragon combined, he could not control the power for long. At this moment, he could no longer feel that his arm was crippled.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to leave, he saw a figure that was the size of a thumb running over.

"Chen Xiang, wait for me." The little girl was actually Hu Jingyuan. However, she looked very young, so this should be the primordial spirit that he had condensed deep inside the ocean.

Such a huge commotion was stirred up, and it was right beside the Purple fire tree, which had already alarmed a lot of people. Chen Xiang grabbed Hu Jingyuan’s tiny primordial spirit and left the scene with a swoosh.