Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Hu Jingyuan was led far away from the Purple fire tree by Chen Xiang, and at this moment, this entire region was discussing about this matter. Because the death of an expert meant that the expert was Ke Yunxing.

Ke Yunxing normally looked like a good person and he had quite a bit of fame. To be killed just like that, this was a huge matter. Meng Tianhao was also mentioned, after all, he was someone who could enter the Purple fire tree and was killed by someone.

Chen Xiang and Hu Jingyuan were hiding in a small tavern.

"Old Hu, it’s really good that you didn’t die!" Chen Xiang laughed. When he saw Hu Jingyuan’s little soul, he was extremely happy.

"Ai, my current appearance is even worse than death." Hu Jingyuan sighed.

"Don’t worry, you’ll definitely recover to your peak." Chen Xiang consoled.

"Let’s not talk about this anymore!" Your strength is really scary, especially that dragon. It’s really scary! " When he thought about it, Hu Jingyuan still had lingering fear. After he had become a tiny Primordial Spirit Apostle, he had almost been affected. Fortunately, Chen Xiang’s control over his energy was extremely accurate, allowing that energy to run all over the place.

Hu Jingyuan also escaped with great difficulty. Even though he said that it was worse than death, when he thought back to what happened just now, he was still trembling in fear.

"Your master must be very concerned about this." Chen Xiang sighed: "How do I tell him about this now? Can he understand? "

"It’s best not to look for him! There are rules in this region, if you were to cause such a huge commotion here, you will definitely be investigated by the people from the Purple fire tree. " Hu Jingyuan said: "Although my master is a good person, he is still a little stubborn. When the time comes, he will definitely hand you over to the Purple fire tree and they will punish you."

Chen Xiang had even intended to look for Hu Jingyuan’s master.

"Then what should we do now?" Chen Xiang’s plan to get the Spirit Communication Pill had all gone down the drain.

"Go to the Golden fire tree and look for old man Yu. He is more reasonable, and told him to tell my master about this matter." Hu Jingyuan said: "On the other hand, Meng Tianhao’s matter is not easy to handle."

"Isn’t this guy dead? What is there to be afraid of? " Chen Xiang said.

"Meng Tianhao’s parents and grandfather are both very strong and have very high statuses within the Purple fire tree. They will definitely investigate this matter, and at that time, they will definitely find out something." Hu Jingyuan said: "If they found out about you, then you’re in danger."

"What’s there to be afraid of? As long as I’m not caught, it’s fine." Chen Xiang was not afraid, he had already rushed to the Golden fire tree s.

He gave the Legendary Pill he got previously to Xiao Xianglin so she could learn about Legendary mantra s. Although he didn’t know what Legendary mantra it was, it was definitely more useful.

"This legendary Spirit Communication Pill is indeed a little useful, but it still requires a lot of time, mainly because I have mastered too many Legendary mantra." Xiao Xianglin said: "I estimate that after a month, I will be able to grasp a Legendary mantra."

Hearing Xiao Xianglin’s words, Chen Xiang secretly admired Hu Jingyuan’s master, who could actually create such a pill. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang bought a small boat and went along the river towards the Golden fire tree.

Golden fire tree were still quite far from the Purple fire tree and would need at least ten days to reach.

Hu Jingyuan was also cultivating inside Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors. Chen Xiang had already helped him reconstruct a new body, but the body was extremely weak.

After Chen Xiang arrived at the Golden fire tree area, he went ashore and walked towards the Golden fire tree.

"Old Hu, how do I meet senior Yu?" Chen Xiang asked.

"He is usually in a place with high Golden fire tree. It will definitely not be easy for you to meet him ... Furthermore, I am temporarily unable to reveal myself. Previously, this fellow did not give you a token or anything like that. Hu Jingyuan said.

"It’s fine, since we’re not in a hurry right now. Maybe your master won’t be so stubborn after things calm down for a while." Chen Xiang laughed. At this time, he was extremely interested in the area of Golden fire tree.

There were many different types of metals here, all for refining purposes. He let Xiao Xianglin choose a few of them.

Xiao Xianglin also planned to refine the Explosive Shock Divine Stone into the Heavenly magic sword and the Six Realms mirrors.

After walking around the streets and alleys for a few days, Chen Xiang suddenly heard a piece of news. The reason the Golden fire tree were recruiting was because they were going to kill and kill all kinds of poisonous insect and Poisonous beast.

In the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, the biggest threat to the nine huge divine trees was the Poison Insect Poisonous beast. Some of the Poison Insect Poisonous beast were very strong, so it was very difficult to become a Gold Fire Fighter.

"If you become a Gold Fire Fighter, then you can enter the Golden fire tree and maybe even meet old man Yu. With his help, you should be able to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi." Hu Jingyuan said.

"Let me try and see if I can become a Gold Fire Fighter." Chen Xiang said.

Xiao Xianglin also bought a lot of metal materials, and returned to the You Yao Mountain Villa to fiddle around. Previously, she was just a clone shopping with Chen Xiang, while her original body was learning Legendary mantra and was almost done.

Chen Xiang arrived outside a large house and lined up with many people.

These people were all at the late stage or peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, wanting to participate in the examination to become Gold Fire Fighter.

"It’s very difficult to become a Gold Fire Fighter! "I wonder if he’ll be able to pass the exam. If he can’t, then the exam fees will be wasted again."

"It shouldn’t be too difficult, Yu Weizhou’s son just entered the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and can already become a Gold Fire Fighter!"

"He has a great grandpa, do you have one?"

"That’s right, this Yu Lirong’s strange illness has finally healed. His strength is definitely not that great, and it’s all because of his grandfather that he’s able to become the Gold Fire Fighter."

Those people who were with Yu Lirong back then were all now at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and some had even cultivated out divine origin energy. Only he, who had just stepped into the legendary realm, was shameless to have his grandfather turn him into a Gold Fire Fighter! "

Hearing these words, Chen Xiang laughed in his heart. Yu Lirong had a strong foundation, after Yu Lirong broke through, the aura was extremely strong. Yu Weizhou would definitely not favor his grandson. He guessed that Yu Lirong was hiding an extremely mysterious and terrifying power that could allow him to wield around the power of the late stage of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

Chen Xiang saw that there were a few people who were able to pass the examination, so he felt that he would definitely be able to pass as well.

After lining up until night, it was finally Chen Xiang’s turn.

"Chen Xiang right? "This is a poisonous spider. As long as your fire can burn it to ashes, you can pass this stage." An old man let out a half-dead poisonous spider. It was as big as a bathtub, and its body was covered with shining purple fur. It was very frightening.