Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not feel any fear towards this poison. He had seen many poisons that were even scarier than this spider, not to mention that the poisonous spider in front of him was dead.

This poisonous spider was rather strong, and although the flames Chen Xiang released could slowly burn the poisonous spider to death, their speed was extremely slow.

"They must have a lot of them!" Chen Xiang thought in his heart. There were quite a number of these venomous insect Poisonous beast that were specially used for the examination. In order to quickly pass the examination, Chen Xiang released an even stronger flame with a frown.

When the old man in charge of the assessment saw this, he was secretly surprised, because Chen Xiang’s flames were considered stronger. Although they had met her before, those people looked older and younger than the Chen Xiang in front of them.

"Stop, pass the first round!" An elder anxiously shouted: "Chen Xiang, you can go for the second round!"

Chen Xiang thought that he would burn the big purple spider to ashes after passing the trial like this. If such a large spider were to be burned, it would take a lot of time. Moreover, it would also be a waste of a spider, so they had to give it to the next person for the test. They only needed to see that the examinee had the strength to burn the purple pearl.

Under the lead of a single person, Chen Xiang arrived at a very large hall. There were about ten people here who were the same as him, all who had passed the first round of examination.

The content of the second round of the examination looked very simple, it was to use the divine weapon provided by the Golden Fire Divine Palace to hack at the bodies of the poisonous insect Poisonous beast, if it was really hacked, it would be passed.

The purpose of these tests was to see if they could cause any harm to the Poisonous beast. If one did not have the strength, there would be no point in joining the battle.

Chen Xiang watched from behind as an old man hacked at a black beetle that was the size of a giant bull. He hacked at it dozens of times but still failed to hack open the beetle’s shell.

This large beetle was already dead, but its shell was extremely sturdy. Watching it, Chen Xiang was secretly fearful, he had also burned that big spider before and its defense was extremely strong.

At this time, he had a certain understanding of the poisonous insect Poisonous beast here.

"Liu Yong, you’ve failed the test." An old man announced, "Within the scope of one hundred blades, do not split the shell of the black beetle."

The old man called Liu Yong had a regretful expression as he left. Soon after, it was the turn of the others.

The next was a middle-aged man. He only used ten blades to cut a hole through and successfully passed the examination to become a Gold Fire Fighter.

There were a lot of people who could not pass the examination, and more than half of them could not. Chen Xiang now understood, they were not people who could pass the assessment with their high cultivation, although some had high cultivation, but they had not reached a high level in their use of their own strength, and were unable to unleash their full strength.

However, there were some people who used their powers extremely well. Even if their cultivation was not high, they could still split apart the black beetle’s hard shell.

It was Chen Xiang’s turn. Chen Xiang did not use the power of the Red fire dragon, nor did he use the Legendary gas.

Dang, dang, dang!

The knife in his hand landed on the black beetle’s shell, causing a series of crisp sounds to ring out. He did not manage to split the black beetle’s shell even after dozens of consecutive slashes.

"This is really strange!" Chen Xiang looked at the blade in his hand in a daze.

"Stop trying. You’re only at this level. Hurry up and go!"

"Don’t waste everyone’s time. Even if you were to hack at it hundreds of times, the result would still be the same."

"Hurry up and go, we’re waiting for the test!"

Seeing that Chen Xiang’s dozens of cuts were unsuccessful, many people started shouting.

Chen Xiang still had a few dozen slashes left, but this group of people were so anxious!

"Forget it, let’s just use the Legendary gas!"

Chen Xiang had no choice but to use Legendary gas s.

The Legendary gas rushed into his arm and fused with his flesh power. He raised his long blade and roared loudly, the slash from the blade actually created a terrifying explosion, the shock wave forced everyone in the room to retreat.

Crash! *

Under Chen Xiang’s blade, the Profound beetle was split into two! nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Everyone was stunned, this made them extremely shocked. Previously, Chen Xiang couldn’t even touch a single bit of the Profound Beetle, but now, he displayed such a great power.

"Chen Xiang, pass the examination! Become a Gold Fire Fighter! " An old man’s heart skipped a beat because there weren’t many people who could cut a black beetle in half. At least, he had never met one during the assessment.

After Chen Xiang was taken away by a single person.

"Previously, he only used his physical body’s power, he wanted to test if his physical body’s power could split apart. Later on, he used his Legendary gas." One of the middle-aged men in charge of the assessment laughed, "This guy is really powerful."

Those people who were mocking Chen Xiang just now, had their faces turned red, because Chen Xiang’s strength was far stronger than them, and it was not the first time they had tried to hack at the shell of a black beetle.

Chen Xiang had already become a Gold Fire Fighter and was brought into the Golden fire tree to wait for the arrangements.

The Golden fire tree was like a super tall building with countless of floors. Chen Xiang didn’t know which floor he was taken to.

He only knew that this floor was very high and that his room was extremely comfortable. There was a very big window that allowed him to see the side of the Medicine-creation Divine Continent from above.

Chen Xiang was told to only stay here, and had to wait for arrangements before doing anything else.

After Chen Xiang had waited for two days, an old man came in and said: "Chen Xiang, your strength is not bad. So you were assigned a pretty good team. "

"Thank you!" Chen Xiang smiled.

"This is your armor and blade. If they are damaged, you need to replace them in time!" As long as you follow the team and wait for the quest, we’ll properly arrange it for you when you have time to rest. " The old man gave Chen Xiang a Storage bag, inside it were many things.

Chen Xiang took out the set of black armor and wore it, he thought it was gold, but Xiao Xianglin said that its defense was not bad, and then he used a blade, which was refined using a lot of high level materials, and was considered stronger, but not as good as his Heavenly magic sword.

"Your armor can let you fly, you can only fly while on mission, and you can’t fly when you’re resting, if you’re caught, you’ll be imprisoned for a thousand years." After the old man saw that Chen Xiang had donned his battle armor, he told Chen Xiang a few things that he needed to remember.

Chen Xiang followed the old man out of the room and arrived at a higher place. Furthermore, they were walking on a huge tree branch, Chen Xiang felt that this tree branch could accommodate dozens of gigantic squares.

"This place is your team’s territory. They usually stay here and wait." The old man said, "Go and greet them yourself! This battle has just been set up not too long ago, and most of them are young people, so their overall strength is very strong. "