Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The old man had only sent Chen Xiang here, he would need Chen Xiang to become a part of the team.

After Chen Xiang walked over, he saw four people there. One was a tall and beautiful woman, the other two were young and handsome youths, and the last one was a middle-aged man.

"Shen ... Brother Shen! " One of the youths was astonished.

"Hello, Brother Yu!" Chen Xiang was also surprised, he did not expect to meet Yu Lirong in this team.

"I am Chen Xiang, and have just passed the examination to become a Gold Fire Fighter. Please advise me." Chen Xiang introduced himself.

Yu Lirong had a very high position here, even though he was acquainted with him, the other three people still gave him face, and all introduced themselves. Chen Xiang observed carefully, and other than the middle-aged man, the other young man and the tall beautiful woman all ignored Chen Xiang, showing their arrogance.

The middle-aged man was the captain, and his name was Zhong Jun. He had a square face with thick eyebrows and big eyes.

The other youth was called Tian Dong Yu. Although he had a long and skinny face, he was also very handsome. He only spoke a few words with Chen Xiang before walking to the side.

The only female in the team was called Lu Xinyun, and she was also indifferent to Chen Xiang, as if she was dissatisfied with Chen Xiang being her team member.

On the other hand, Yu Lirong welcomed Chen Xiang very much. After all, he had been saved by Chen Xiang. Just now, Chen Xiang had already sent a sound transmission to him, telling him not to leak the information that he was a Alchemist.

The reason why Chen Xiang had become Gold Fire Fighter was also to think of a way to see Yu Weizhou. Right now, he had already met Yu Lirong, which meant that he would be able to see Yu Weizhou very soon.

"As long as you don’t drag me down! Poison insect Poisonous beast are not easy to deal with. Even though you can pass the examination, it does not mean that you have sufficient strength. " Seeing Chen Xiang and Yu Lirong chatting so much, Tian Dong Yu walked over and said coldly.

Tian Dong Yu and Lu Xinyun both felt that Chen Xiang had joined the team because of Yu Lirong.

Chen Xiang could guess that the two of them were from an extraordinary background, which was why they were able to become Gold Fire Fighter at such a young age. He had previously heard that if there were people of status within the Golden fire tree, their girls would also become Gold Fire Fighter, on one hand to gain experience, and on the other to gain merits.

"Tian Dongyu, Brother Shen is very strong." Yu Lirong did not know what happened over at the Purple fire tree’s side, he had never seen Chen Xiang fight before, but he knew that Chen Xiang’s pill techniques were superb. In his eyes, those with great pill techniques were definitely not weak.

"Yu Lirong, you are in the early stages of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, your strength can be considered not bad, but this is all because of your grandfather. Lu Xinyun coldly snorted.

"Don’t worry, I won’t drag you guys down." Chen Xiang pressed his hand on Yu Lirong’s shoulder, because at this moment, Yu Lirong was a little angry.

"With me here, what are you afraid of?" Zhong Jun’s tone was also a little arrogant, because Tian Dong Yu and Lu Xinyun were not very friendly with Chen Xiang. As the captain, he had a headache about this sort of thing.

Zhong Jun was an old Gold Fire Fighter, that was why he was the one leading the team.

Lu Xinyun and Tian Dongyu also only looked at Chen Xiang with contempt before leaving and returning to their own rooms.

"These young people, seriously!" Zhong Jun shook his head: "You guys go ahead and do what you need to do, I’ll go check if there are any tasks."

"Alright!" Yu Lirong brought Chen Xiang to his room.

"Brother Shen, you are the Pill God! What are you doing here, Gold Fire Fighter? This is extremely dangerous. " Yu Lirong asked anxiously after closing the door.

"I came to find your grandpa. I ran into some trouble and need his help." Chen Xiang said with a serious face: "Brother Yu, don’t you know what happened at the Purple fire tree s’ side?"

"What happened?" Yu Lirong shook his head: "Ever since I became a Gold Fire Fighter, I have no knowledge whatsoever of the outside world."

"Then I’ll tell you!" Chen Xiang was extremely shocked when he heard Chen Xiang’s simple explanation.

"Shen ... Brother Shen, you actually killed such a character. " Yu Lirong’s face was full of disbelief. He was very clear about what kind of level Ke Yunxing was at.

But now he was dead!

"There’s no other way!" Chen Xiang released Hu Jingyuan.

"Old Hu!" Yu Lirong immediately believed Old Hu when he saw his weak aura.

"Li Rong, I need your grandfather to clarify this matter for us. Go and find my master! Now, my master must definitely think that Chen Xiang and I killed Ke Yunxing and Meng Tianhao for no reason at all. " Hu Jingyuan said.

"Okay, when grandpa comes back, I will immediately tell him." Yu Lirong said: "Right now, he has something important to take care of. I don’t know what’s going on with these few days, but many of the higher ups of the Golden fire tree have very important things to do, and I don’t know what they are up to. "

"As long as I can see your grandfather!" Chen Xiang laughed: "I am fine with it, but Old Hu is still very respectful towards master, he needs to let his master know about this."

"En!" Yu Lirong nodded.

"Oh right, Brother Shen, don’t take the matter between Lu Xinyun and Tian Dongyu to heart." Yu Lirong laughed: "When they witness your strength, their prejudice towards you will disappear."

"Hehe, I’m not going to lower myself to the same level as them!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"That’s true, you are a pill god that even my grandfather admires!" Yu Lirong said.

Suddenly, a shout came from outside. That was Zhong Jun’s voice.

"There’s a situation. Prepare to head out." Zhong Jun shouted.

Chen Xiang and Yu Lirong immediately came out of the room, they were much faster than Lu Xinyun and Tian Dong Yu.

These Gold Fire Fighter were all wearing black armor, Chen Xiang suspected that they were all made from the armor of black beetles. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Captain, what’s the situation?" Is this guy really good? " Yu Lirong asked. Even though he had a very powerful grandfather, due to many years of strange injuries, they were able to sharpen his mental state.

"Quite impressive, there are a total of ten teams going! Let’s hurry up and see what the situation is. " After Zhong Jun finished speaking, he flew up into the sky.

"If you drag us down, you might as well stay here. Otherwise, you won’t blame us when we die." After Lu Xinyun finished speaking, she too flew over.

"I told you to stay here!" Seeing that Chen Xiang was about to set off, Tian Dong Yu shouted coldly to him and followed after.

"Ignore them!" Yu Lirong knew of Chen Xiang’s strength, if he could even kill Chen Xiang, they would definitely not be able to escape.

Chen Xiang and Yu Lirong were the last to leave, and Zhong Jun had already flown very high, they followed the Golden fire tree’s huge tree trunk and continuously flew up. The higher they went, the fewer people there were.