Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"The higher the level, the more poisonous insect and Poisonous beast there are! There are a lot of leaves at the top of the divine tree, and they are all very large as well. These leaves don’t have much use for us humans, but they are extremely helpful for beasts. Yu Lirong said, he knew that Chen Xiang was from outside and did not know about the things in the Medicine-creation Divine Continent.

"Where did the poisonous insect and Poisonous beast come from?" Chen Xiang was very curious about this.

"I don’t know!" This question has puzzled us for many years, and we can only guess now. Some people think that it was bred by the divine tree, some people think that it was formed by remnant souls, and some people think that it was formed after a human left. "

After flying very high, Chen Xiang saw that there were more than ten teams gathered on top of a very large leaf.

When Chen Xiang saw Zhong Jun, he realized that Zhong Jun’s expression was somewhat ugly.

"Captain, what’s wrong?" Yu Lirong also noticed it and asked quickly.

"It’s nothing. It’s just that our team will only have the three of us in the future." Zhong Jun snorted, and glanced at Lu Xinyun and Tian Dongyu who were at the other side.

"They’ve already joined another team!" Zhong Jun said in a low voice.

"How can this be?" Yu Lirong was a little angry.

"The elders have agreed ... The elders of these two fellows are very familiar with the elder. " Zhong Jun was a little unhappy, because Lu Xinyun and Tian Dongyu obviously disliked them and wanted them to join another team.

"Team leaders!" "This time, it’s a very special guy. It’s a flying giant eagle, and its strength is very strong, so you should be careful when fighting. Right now, we are hiding in the vicinity, so we need to split up." The elder said.

"What’s special about it?" Zhong Jun asked.

"Very, very strong. Stronger than any of you who encountered it before, although there is no poison." The Elder added, "Earlier, some of our elders were injured because of this, so you must be very very very very careful. If you can’t beat them, then immediately retreat."

"Captain Zhong, you guys should forget about it! You only have three of you, and you even have a new Gold Fire Fighter. Without any experience, I would even drag you down. " Lu Xinyun and Tian Dongyu had joined this middle-aged man’s team.

Chen Xiang also realized that there were more than ten warriors in some of the teams. It was mainly because the party leader was very strong that people joined them. But Zhong Jun was clearly a new party leader, so he had fewer members. He could only recruit new members from the ranks of the warriors.

"Don’t look down on this new guy, this guy and Yu Lirong are good brothers!"

"So that’s how it is! Yu Lirong was powerful, but his cultivation was still low. If he was at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, then he would be extremely powerful, just that... "Oh!"

"It’s best if this team goes back to sleep. The elders won’t blame them."

The elder nodded his head and said: "Zhong Jun, you guys don’t have to force it either!"

"It’s fine, we’ll just take a stroll. We won’t fight, we’ll just have to see how special that giant eagle is." Zhong Jun said: "I have a new member, I need more experience."

"If we succeed in taking him down, we will be heavily injured!" The elder announced loudly, to encourage everyone, "This time, the person we are facing is special and strong, so the reward is very generous. Every member of the team will receive a drop of the sap from the divine tree!"

The crowd immediately became restless.

The sap of the divine tree!

This was the first time Chen Xiang had heard of this, so it was obvious that it was not ordinary.

"Something that can help people cultivate and remove World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi!" Yu Lirong said softly: "However, this requires a lot of effort. Different people require a different amount of spirit stones, although this is only a single drop, it is still considered a treasure to many people."

Chen Xiang originally only wanted to look at the hawk, but now he had no choice but to fight. He wanted to obtain this drop of the divine tree’s sap.

"Let’s go!" A team leader shouted in excitement as he flew up into the air and disappeared with his teammates.

The other teams also hastily flew out. They were all worried that they would get beaten by the other teams.

"Let’s go as well!" Chen Xiang said, he had already released three transparent illusions and flew out to look for the winner.

"Wait a minute, are we really just going to take a look?" Yu Lirong asked in a low voice.

"Of course not!" Zhong Jun laughed: "Your big brother Zhong Jun is not a coward. I am very strong, just that group of people look down on me! Furthermore, I feel that Chen Xiang is not weak either, at least he is extremely calm when things go wrong. "

"I have killed many powerful fellows. It can be said that I have been through hundreds of battles." Chen Xiang laughed.

Yu Lirong felt that he was the weakest in this team.

Half a day later, Chen Xiang’s illusion body suddenly felt a weak Qi, and his illusion body flew very high.

"I found something, up there!" Chen Xiang pointed in a direction.

"Let’s go take a look!" Initially, he did not know how to find Zhong Jun, but after hearing what Chen Xiang said, he immediately flew up. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang’s illusion had already seen the hawk, causing him to be extremely surprised. It was not that this giant hawk had anything special about it, but it was a type of beast that he was extremely familiar with.

The giant hawk’s claws were all pale gold Tao-creation Divine Crystals, especially the claws, which were condensed from the Tao-creation Divine Crystals. The hawk’s beak was also formed from the Tao-creation Divine Crystals, and apart from that, the feathers on its body were also all thin and sharp Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

What made Chen Xiang even more surprised was that although the Golden fire tree’s leaves had been cut by the eagle’s sharp wings, they did not get cut off. These leaves were extremely stiff.

At this time, they were still a long distance away from the giant hawk, and the giant eagle’s movements also gave off a huge aura, the giant hawk had already used Legendary gas.

"I can feel it!" Zhong Jun said, he was curious, how did Chen Xiang notice them?

"Someone’s already in front!" Chen Xiang said: "It’s that team Tian Dongyu has!"

"If we get beaten by other teams first, then we can’t get involved. This is the rule." Zhong Jun was somewhat regretful.

"It’s fine, they might not be able to beat him." Chen Xiang laughed.

When Chen Xiang and the others reached the top, they saw that there were a few other teams at the side watching. Tian Dong Yu and his team of about ten were fighting against the giant eagle, while the elder was beside them.

The battle was extremely intense, because the Golden fire tree was high up in the air, it did not touch the ground. Although the leaves and leaves of the Golden fire tree were struck, they were not affected.

"This hawk is obviously the kind that Beast-creation Race made. He can actually come to this place?" Chen Xiang did not expect Beast-creation Race’s hand to already be here.

"Hopefully, there will not be many beasts as strong as this one, if not the Medicine-creation Divine Continent will not be able to handle it." Chen Xiang watched as Tian Dong Yu fought against the Giant Hawk, so he had a better understanding of the Giant Hawk’s strength.

"It’s really amazing. Tian Dongyu’s team of more than ten were all injured, and the eagle didn’t seem to have suffered any injuries." Yu Lirong said in shock.