Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang could immediately tell that there was something strange about that giant hawk. It was that during battle, it was able to use the power of the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals.

"The body of the giant eagle is like the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal, and these Divine Crystals are all of the best quality. During a fierce battle, if you release these powers, you will be able to gain a lot of power." Chen Xiang said in a low voice: "If we encounter such a situation, it would be best if we fight against multiple teams, or else it would be hard to capture them."

Chen Xiang was also thinking about how to deal with this powerful giant hawk. He felt that he could use the Six Realms mirrors but it would expose a lot of things to others. The matter regarding his Red fire dragon could not be easily exposed. Last time when Ke Yunxing saw his Red fire dragon, he really wanted to snatch it away.

"Captain, the three of us might not be able to handle this eagle!" Yu Lirong felt that it was a pity. He initially thought that the giant hawk was not that strong.

"I’m fine!" Zhong Jun laughed: "We can broaden our horizons by watching from the side!"

In just a short moment, someone had been injured in that team. Not only that, but the strength of that ten-player team was declining. Soon, the entire team would be injured.

"This fellow’s defense is extremely terrifying." Zhong Jun exclaimed: "It’s indeed difficult to take down a single team, but looking at the other teams, they do not have any intentions of joining hands!"

Yu Lirong laughed: "Of course, the other teams all have their own pride. If anyone interferes, they will feel like they are being underestimated!"

"If this goes on, no team will be able to take down the eagle." Chen Xiang was quickly thinking of a way to defeat the Giant Hawk.

"Let’s retreat!" A captain shouted. Since another soldier was injured, more than half of the soldiers were already injured. He had no choice but to retreat.

After he retreated, the other team immediately went on stage!

Chen Xiang asked softly: "Why is it that only this team can go up if all the other teams want to go up? "Is it possible that they made an appointment?"

"According to my experience! It’s a custom. " Zhong Jun said: "First of all, the Battle Team that discovers the giant eagle naturally has the qualifications to fight! If this team couldn’t beat it, then the next step would be to go to the other teams! The other teams will be ranked according to their qualifications. The first team to be created will be the first one to reach the top. "

"So even if we can go up, we’ll be the last team." Yu Lirong laughed at himself: "Let’s just watch the show!"

Chen Xiang rejoiced in his heart, so there was actually such a rule. If they fought for that long, they would definitely take advantage of Chen Xiang in the end.

"This is a good thing for us. If they take turns fighting the eagle, it will consume a lot of its energy." Chen Xiang said in a low voice.

"If every team were to fight, that might be possible! However, some teams only have five or six players. Zhong Jun said: "Look, this team does not dare to go all out anymore, it is just a probing attack, if they realize that they are not a match, they will retreat."

"If all the teams don’t fight, then we’ll all fight. Even if we take down this eagle, there won’t be any rewards." Yu Lirong added.

Chen Xiang told Xiao Xianglin to think of a way to find the weakness of this beast.

"The best way to deal with this eagle is to seal it." Xiao Xianglin said: "Xiao Ke’er and I will now enter the Time array to try and see if we can quickly refine an array disc."

As long as an array disc was created, it was extremely likely that a powerful seal would be released! Although Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors could also do it, it was just too shocking. For the time being, Chen Xiang did not want to reveal the might of the Six Realms mirrors.

Feng Ke’er could also use clones, so after working together with Xiao Xianglin, she would definitely be able to make the best use of her time to refine them.

"Also, do not use too strong of a seal. You only need to release enough power to slow down the giant eagle’s movements." Chen Xiang said.

"That’s not a problem." Xiao Xianglin said. Chen Xiang had a lot of Tao-creation Divine Crystals, he could use the array disc to release enough power.

The second team also retreated. The next three teams all gave up. They didn’t want anyone to get injured. Now, another team had come up. This team was also a ten-player team. They were very confident.

"The defense of this giant eagle is very strong." Chen Xiang had already seen it a few times just now. Some people had used their swords to stab the giant hawk in the eyes, but they were repelled by a wave of energy.

At this moment, the spectators were also thinking of a strategy to deal with the eagle, and at the same time, they were looking for its weakness.

"What kind of beast is this?" is completely different from the Poison Insect Poisonous beast we encountered before! " Zhong Jun said, "There are no weaknesses!"

Tian Dongyu, who had just entered the battle, sneered, "Do you think that your three members’ team would want to fight as well?"

Lu Xinyun coldly said, "If they go up there, they will only be sending themselves to their deaths. At that time, we might even have to ask the elders to save them."

"Elder didn’t even save our people, how could he go and save them?"

"He’s just watching by the side. You don’t need to do this, right?"

"That’s right, he’s here to broaden his horizons."

Zhong Jun was furious in his heart, but he did not flare up, because he saw that Chen Xiang was watching the battle very seriously. He felt that Chen Xiang might have a plan.

"Elder Brother Shen, are we going to go up on stage later?" Yu Lirong suddenly sound transmitted to Chen Xiang, he also felt that Chen Xiang wanted to fight, and now he even called Chen Xiang big brother. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"I’m not sure yet. I’ll just wait and see." Chen Xiang said, he had to go up, even if he could not win, he had to try.

That team from before had used quite a few methods, as well as some powerful divine tools, but none of them had any effect. They had teamed up with each other to make a powerful chain to tie up the eagle, but in the end, the chain had broken free.

"This giant eagle has already cultivated all the World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi." Chen Xiang’s expression was solemn as he thought to himself, there is actually such a powerful beast in the Beast-creation Race, "Could it be that this giant eagle was attracted here by the divine tree?"

Not long after, the ten man team was defeated. Two of them were injured, and several of their weapons were destroyed.

There were a few other teams below who did not go up, they had already experienced the power of the giant hawk and there were more than ten teams up there. If this team could not defeat the giant hawk, then it would be Chen Xiang’s turn.

At this time, Xiao Xianglin and Feng Ke’er also came out from the Time array.

"It’s done!" Xiao Xianglin said: "I have used a large amount of Pressure mantra s and Oscillating Curses to create this array disc, and also added in the Thunder power. If the giant eagle is truly strong, the array disc cannot be maintained for long, it might be broken by the giant eagle’s power."