Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang held the array disc in his hand. He felt that it was not enough.

If there was only this array disc, and if the effects did not reach his expectations, then everything would be over, and Chen Xiang would need a more thorough method. What he did not expect was that He Fengyuan and Mei Jing Sisters would also come out from the same Time array.

"This is the rattan grass we made. If we release it, it will have a binding effect. The strong point is that it can regenerate quickly, and it might be able to stall that giant eagle for a period of time." He Fengyuan said.

Chen Xiang already had a certain amount of confidence at this time. After that, he secretly sent a sound transmission to Zhong Jun and Yu Lirong and then told them a simple plan of his own. He wanted them to see the opportunity later before madly attacking the giant eagle’s head.

The head of the giant eagle was a relatively weak place. Everyone could see that every time they tried to attack it, the eagle would dodge or block them. Occasionally, they would hit a few times, but the strength was not strong enough.

Zhong Jun and Yu Lirong both believed in Chen Xiang and they were already prepared.

"We retreat!" He was quite quick-witted, only trying to besiege them for a bit before retreating, because they knew very well that if they continued like this, the result would be the same. At that time, another team member might get injured and damage the God Equipment.

Just as they were retreating, Zhong Jun shouted, "Let’s go!"

The three of them actually wanted to join a team!

Everyone was stunned. Although they wanted to mock him, they couldn’t help but admire this team’s courage! The clan elders who were spectating the battle at the side had wanted to gather everyone to fight, because he believed that Zhong Jun and the other two would not fight, so he was very surprised.

"Are they crazy? "Really!"

"They only have three people, and it’s a new team! Zhong Jun is pretty good, but Yu Lirong is just at the early stages of the Legend rank, and that new warrior is also a rookie? "

"Where did they get the confidence to charge up?"

"Maybe soldiers will fall today!"

What was shocking was that Chen Xiang was the fastest, taking the lead and flying towards the giant eagle.

The giant hawk also flapped its wings and charged towards Chen Xiang. After hissing out, its wings flapped, releasing World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi that turned into a gale of qi that shot towards Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang had already noticed earlier that this gale was extremely terrifying, and some of the Gold Fire Fighter s were not even injured by this gale.

After the aura rushed over, Chen Xiang immediately released a strong pressure from his body. He used the power of the other two clones to form a shield from the strong pressure.

Bang!

Chen Xiang’s transparent pressure was instantly broken, exploding into an extremely violent wave of air, shaking many huge leaves on the ground.

Everyone was even more shocked. They never thought that this new warrior was actually this strong. He was able to block the terrifying attack of this giant eagle. However, a lot of old warriors were unable to block it just now.

Although Chen Xiang’s Pressure Escape was broken, the giant eagle was still in a good position. It was pushed back and Chen Xiang immediately threw out his sealing disc.

The formation plate, under Chen Xiang’s control, appeared under the giant eagle. Then, it became very big and it suddenly shone with a golden light, enveloping the giant eagle.

After being enveloped by this light, the giant eagle felt like it had sunk into a quagmire and was struggling nonstop. However, its movements were extremely slow!

"Li Rong, let’s go!" When Zhong Jun, who was behind them saw this opportunity, they immediately rushed forward as fast as they could. Chen Xiang also rushed forward with them, raised the battle blade in his hands and used all his strength to hack the giant eagle’s head.

Seeing this, everyone was so jealous that their hearts were bleeding. They never thought that Chen Xiang would actually have such a sealing disc!

An array disc was still very expensive here. The most important thing was that there weren’t many people who could refine an array disc, especially those who could!

In just a few short moments, Chen Xiang and the other two had already hacked the giant eagle’s head a thousand times, causing many Tao-creation Divine Crystals to shatter. It was already close to the giant eagle’s meat.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM! The formation plate underneath the giant eagle suddenly exploded. The angry giant eagle broke free from the formation plate’s restraints, causing the formation plate to explode due to being unable to control the force.

"This is bad!" Chen Xiang immediately threw out a very thick blade of grass.

The grass rapidly grew and formed a net, wrapping the eagle in layers upon layers.

Zhong Jun and Yu Lirong continued to madly cut at the location of the giant eagle’s head. All they needed to do was to shatter all the Tao-creation’s sacred crystals there.

After the giant eagle was entangled by the tenacious grass, it continued to struggle.

"It won’t last long!" Chen Xiang knew that the grass growing had a limited amount of regenerative power, so they must hurry up. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Done!" Zhong Jun shouted, the blade in his hand had already cut through the Tao-creation Divine Crystals on the outside of the giant hawk and onto the giant hawk’s meat.

Following that, Yu Lirong used his strength to chop off the giant hawk’s head.

The eagle landed on a huge leaf and was tightly wrapped by the grass.

"Success?" Chen Xiang had almost released the other two clones just now.

"It should be!" Zhong Jun looked at the giant hawk’s mountain-like head. The Tao-creation Sacred Crystals that were wrapped outside were not ordinary Tao-creation Sacred Crystals.

Yu Lirong’s hands were trembling. It was all because of the backlash from the powerful force when he was being slashed, and it was the same for Zhong Jun.

"Zhong Jun’s team will be rewarded if they succeed in taking down the Giant Hawk." The elder was astonished. In the end, he was killed by these three teams.

"What is the background of this new person?" There was actually an array disc and that strange grass growing ... Could he be the descendant of the Divine Master of Healing Medicinal Herbs? That grass vine should be a creation, right? "

"If we have something that can seal the eagle for a period of time, it will be ours!"

The other teams discussed in succession and were extremely envious, especially those that were injured. They had suffered huge losses and were unable to obtain anything, while the other three teams had successfully defeated the eagle.

Especially Tian Dong Yu and Lu Xinyun, many people secretly laughed at them. They had just left Zhong Jun’s team, otherwise, they would have been able to obtain the sap of the Divine Tree.

Tian Dong Yu and Lu Xinyun were filled with hatred, because they knew that many people would be laughing at them. They also thought that Zhong Jun and the others would laugh at them too!

The saddest people here were the ones who were injured and had lost their Divine Weapons. Other than that, Tian Dongyu and Lu Xinyun were also very sad.

Yu Lirong knew that if Chen Xiang were to attack, it would definitely succeed. Although the process was extremely dangerous, it was still somewhat thrilling and not dangerous. They were not injured, but the blade in their hands was broken.

The elder took away the giant hawk and told Zhong Jun that they would send the reward over.

"Let’s go and celebrate when we get back, haha ..." Zhong Jun laughed out loud and then flew away with Chen Xiang and Yu Lirong.