Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang only looked happy on the surface, but in his heart he was thinking about other things. It was that the beasts of the Beast-creation Race were actually this strong, and had flown over here.

"Chen Xiang, you are truly powerful. Just now, Li Rong said that you are strong, but I do not know how strong you are!" Zhong Jun smiled as he toasted to Chen Xiang.

"This is all thanks to everyone’s good cooperation. Otherwise, it would have been difficult for me to take down that giant eagle by myself." Chen Xiang smiled humbly. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Elder Brother Shen, if I give you my divine tree juice, there’s no use in coming here now." Yu Lirong said. He was only at the early stages of the legendary realm.

"How can this be?" Chen Xiang said.

"Don’t be polite with me. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have gotten it either." Yu Lirong laughed.

"Chen Xiang, I’ll give mine to you too." Zhong Jun said.

"Captain, I can’t take yours from you. You’re also at the peak of the legendary realm, so it’ll be useful for you." Chen Xiang said.

"What’s the use of it? It’s not like I can cultivate the Divine Origin Qi right away." Zhong Jun curled his lips: "If I say I’ll give it to you, you keep it for me. Don’t reject it, otherwise, you won’t be my brother."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang could only accept it.

"Chen Xiang, do you need the sap of the divine tree for any other use? That formation plate of yours and that Grass Tap are both not ordinary items. Zhong Jun laughed: "You paid so much, I’m too embarrassed to ask for that drop of sap from the divine tree."

"Captain, to be honest, I am a Alchemist." said softly. After the battle just now, he trusted Zhong Jun quite a bit.

"A very powerful Alchemist." Yu Lirong laughed in a low voice: "Captain, my strange injuries were all healed by the Elder Brother Shen, this is a secret that many people do not know."

This scared Zhong Jun to his feet, and he immediately cupped his hands towards Chen Xiang, showing great respect: "So it’s actually someone else from the Core God level, excuse me!"

Everyone within the Golden fire tree knew how long Yu Lirong’s strange injuries had caused him to struggle for. To be able to cure Yu Lirong’s strange injuries, a pill god of this level was enough for Zhong Jun to look up to.

"Captain, don’t be like this. I’m also a Gold Fire Fighter now, so I still need your guidance." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Captain, Elder Brother Shen is a very low-profile person. He has some things to discuss with my grandfather when he becomes the Gold Fire Fighter ..." Previously, he didn’t know how he could meet my grandfather, so he joined. " Yu Lirong hurriedly explained.

"However, I am now very interested in what Gold Fire Fighter has done." After Chen Xiang drank a cup, he laughed: "I can get a lot of good things."

"Master Yu used an important matter to leave with a large group of experts. This matter is extremely urgent and important. I don’t know the specifics." Zhong Jun said, he had the qualifications to be here, so he was able to know a lot of things.

"I don’t know if it’s related to that giant eagle or not!" Chen Xiang said.

"Brother Shen, are you from outside?" Zhong Jun could tell that Chen Xiang didn’t really understand the things here.

Chen Xiang nodded.

"What do you know about the eagle? This giant eagle is definitely not something that the Medicine-creation Divine Continent possesses. " Zhong Jun said again.

"I know it’s related to the Beast-creation Race! The beasts of the Beast-creation Race have a burst of devouring power. They can devour energy and condense it into the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal. " Chen Xiang said: "You all have also seen it before, there is a very strong layer of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals on the outside of that giant hawk’s body."

"But the beasts I’ve encountered before are all relatively weak! This is the first time that I’ve encountered someone who can cultivate Divine Origin Qi. "

When Chen Xiang talked about this, he frowned, his expression becoming serious.

"It has a strong devouring ability?" Zhong Jun thought for a while, then said: "Then that’s not good! The nine divine trees in the Medicine-creation Divine Continent are the most beloved trees among all beasts, which is why they have attracted so many poisonous insect Poisonous beast. There are many poisonous insect Poisonous beast that can hide themselves and swallow the leaves, which is why they can grow very fast and strong. "

"I suspect that the hawk has been here for a long time! Someone brought it back to raise us, it might be an old guy from the Golden fire tree s. After they had something to do and left, they did not stop this giant eagle. "

Yu Lirong exclaimed, "Then wouldn’t it be troublesome if we kill this giant eagle?"

"That’s just my guess! Otherwise, someone would definitely notice it. After all, with such a big thing flying in the sky above the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, it would be hard to avoid it from being discovered. " Zhong Jun said: "Just now, Brother Shen also said that the ones he met before were not that powerful."

"I never thought of this before!" Chen Xiang frowned as he thought about it.

"Among our Golden fire tree, there is an extremely high possibility that there is a hidden Beast-creation Race fellow. Maybe he has been creating beasts for many years, so many poisonous insect Poisonous beast have appeared. " Zhong Jun thought of many things, and told her what he had guessed.

"When grandpa comes back and asks him, maybe he’ll know something." Yu Lirong said.

"Mm, we can only wait until old man Yu returns. We’re only guessing right now." Zhong Jun said in a low voice: "We cannot let others know about this."

"I need to keep the news of me being in the Alchemist confidential." Chen Xiang said.

"That’s for sure." Zhong Jun laughed: "If we can take down the Giant Hawk this time, it might be able to increase the number of our members by 6!"

"Previously, Tian Dongyu and Lu Xinyun looked down on Elder Brother Shen very much. Now, they should be regretting it!" Yu Lirong laughed: "They look down on the Elder Brother Shen, and the human Elder Brother Shen does not even put them in his eyes."

"These two despicable fellows, they deserve it!" Zhong Jun also laughed: "No wonder Brother Shen did not get angry when he faced their mockery, after all, these two fellows are not even in the eyes of a pill god like Brother Shen!"

"Right, when will we be able to obtain the divine tree juice?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Tomorrow at the earliest." Zhong Jun said: "If tomorrow is not up yet, I will go urge them so that things will not change later!"

Zhong Jun was worried that he guessed right. The giant hawk was raised by an old man from a Golden fire tree.

After finishing the wine and eating, Chen Xiang and the others went back to their own rooms.

"Chen Xiang, show your spirit body around and see if you can find any other Holy Crystal Beasts." Xiao Xianglin said: "Capture one back, maybe we can find out something."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang also wanted to catch a Holy Crystal Beast that wasn’t very strong, but if it was too strong, it would be difficult to catch it alive.

"It’s fine to capture the weaker poisonous insect and Poisonous beast." Xiao Xianglin laughed: "Let me try to see if I can find out anything from the memories of the Poison Insect Poisonous beast."

"You can?" Chen Xiang was shocked, and asked.

"You You have taught me Soul Absorbing Devil Spell!" Xiao Xianglin laughed tenderly: "I am a Heavenly Incantation Master, learning Soul Absorbing Devil Spell is too easy!"