Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had the three beasts search for the Poison Insect Poisonous beast for the whole night but they hadn’t found it yet, so the number of Poison Insect Poisonous beast were few.

Early morning on the second day, Chen Xiang came out of his room to see Zhong Jun and Yu Lirong anxiously walking over. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"These are three drops of sap from the divine tree!" Zhong Jun handed over three faint golden beads to Chen Xiang.

"This is the sap of the divine tree?" Chen Xiang took it and looked at it, and surprisingly, the juice had congealed into a pearl.

"We can directly eat it ... Of course, you are a Alchemist, you should know how to use it better than us. " Zhong Jun laughed softly: "Now that we have obtained the sap of the divine tree, we can rest assured."

Zhong Jun and Yu Lirong were extremely worried the whole night, because they were worried that the giant hawk was raised by an old man from the Golden fire tree s. If it was really like that, they wouldn’t be able to get the sap from the divine tree.

Now that they had obtained the sap of the divine tree, they felt much more secure.

"Actually, those old fellows are very happy too. Our team only has three people. If it’s a team with more than ten other people, they would need to provide more sap from the divine tree." Yu Lirong laughed out loud: "So if Tian Dong Yu and Lu Xinyun do not withdraw from our team, they will definitely get a drop of it."

"Where are the venomous insect Poisonous beast usually found here? "Not too much?" Chen Xiang asked. He had searched through the three illusions for an entire night but to no avail.

"Sometimes a lot. Sometimes you can’t see one for a long time." Yu Lirong said. "This is something that we have always felt was very strange."

"Poisonous insect Poisonous beast s are usually in higher places." Zhong Jun looked at the layers upon layers of leaves above: "If you arrange for us to patrol, our main job will be to find the Poison Insect Poisonous beast. If we can’t defeat them, we can notify the other teams."

"Suddenly, suddenly? Looks like these venomous insect Poisonous beast are organized. " Chen Xiang frowned: "Suddenly a lot of them appeared, it is possible that they were released to look for food."

Zhong Jun said in a low voice, "Perhaps there are many nests of Poison Insect Poisonous beast hidden within the Golden fire tree. However, it is difficult for us to discover them ... There’s a high chance that someone is raising these beasts in these nests. "

"It seems like we need to investigate more." Chen Xiang’s illusion body was still on top of it and he continued to control it to fly upwards. The illusion body was still able to stay a long distance away from his body and he could still sense it.

When Chen Xiang returned to his room, he gave a drop of the sap of the divine tree to the Mei Jing Sisters, and a drop to He Fengyuan so that they could see if they could replicate the sap of the divine tree.

Chen Xiang was also observing it himself and found it hard to see what it was directly from, so he decided to directly eat a drop of the sap from the divine tree.

After eating it, not long later, Chen Xiang felt a strange feeling from the sap of the divine tree. It was an indescribable but extremely powerful energy, and it was extremely unique in that there wasn’t a lot of this energy, but it contained an extremely strong power.

"There is indeed some World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi!" Chen Xiang was secretly surprised in his heart. If there was enough sap from the divine tree, he would definitely be able to cultivate the Divine Origin Qi.

"I feel that my Legendary gas is a little stronger." Chen Xiang had already experienced the benefits of the sap of the divine tree.

"I can’t sense any Medicine soul." He Fengyuan returned the drop of the divine tree juice back to Chen Xiang.

"This Golden fire tree is indeed very powerful. This kind of leaf must have been extracted from some place within the Divine Book." Jiang Sijing also returned the pearl back to Chen Xiang.

None of them noticed anything.

He Fengyuan had also previously tried to contact the Golden fire tree s, but she did not succeed. She said that she could sense a sufficiently powerful aura from the Tree soul, but the Tree soul seemed to have fallen into a deep sleep and did not hear his voice.

"I need more of this sap from the divine tree and can refine it into a pill. There is an extremely high chance that I will be able to cultivate the Divine Origin Qi." Chen Xiang said. He still didn’t know how to get the sap of the divine tree.

"Go and get some leaves. See if they can be extracted from them." He Fengyuan said.

The leaves of the Golden fire tree were all extremely large, and the smallest one was as big as a small courtyard. Furthermore, the leaves were extremely tough and hard to cut, so it wasn’t easy to get them.

"Let me try!"

Chen Xiang released an avatar and became a small one. Riding on his Six Realms mirrors, he flew up and picked a relatively small leaf.

After that, he used the Heavenly magic sword and struggled to cut off a huge leaf. He placed it into a storage divine tool, and then carefully returned. On the way back, he met two patrolling teams, which Chen Xiang guessed were there after sensing the Qi.

"I wonder what punishment there is for slashing leaves all over the place?" Chen Xiang looked at the huge tree trunk. He was not sure if his penetrating abilities could penetrate into the big tree.

He immediately sent his clone to try to penetrate it. It was strange that he could not do so.

"Could it be that I inherited the Oldest Tree’s Penetrating Ability because of this?" Chen Xiang also did not understand, he could only give up, and let his clone return quickly.

After the clones returned, he had them cut that leaf into small pieces in the Divine Sense Sea World and then placed it into the furnace to start burning.

"We need to enter the Time array." Chen Xiang only used his flame to refine it, he knew that this leaf would require a long time to be refined.

Chen Xiang burnt inside the Time array for 50 years before he finally refined all of the leaves into energy.

"This Golden fire tree is too powerful, just the leaves contain that much energy." Chen Xiang understood why the venomous insect Poisonous beast here were so strong. After those venomous insect Poisonous beast ate the leaves, they could digest the energy in the leaves and use this energy to strengthen themselves.

"Can you get anything out of it?" He Fengyuan asked.

"I don’t know, I’m in the process of condensing a core!" Chen Xiang used the Huajing Dan grain and then placed a large amount of Tao-creation Divine Crystals inside, waiting for the pill imprint to awaken.

After he came out of the Time array, Yu Lirong and Zhong Jun came to find him.

"This is truly strange. A leaf was cut off by someone." Zhong Jun said: "Now that the elders have increased the number of patrolling teams, we will go together."

That leaf was actually chopped off by Chen Xiang. He had chosen a more difficult place, and it had only been half a day, but it had already been discovered.

"Since there are so many leaves here, isn’t it normal to drop one or two?" Chen Xiang said.

Chen Xiang knew that the leaves were extremely tough, they were not easy to fall off. The reason he asked was because he wanted to see how the people here knew that the leaves were being chopped off.

"This is abnormal!" The leaves of Golden fire tree s have never fallen, and once they grow out, they will not fall off! You also saw it last time, we couldn’t let the leaves fall even after such an intense battle with that giant eagle. " Zhong Jun said, "Once the leaves of the Golden fire tree disappear, the elders would be able to sense it."