Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

"How did they sense it?" Chen Xiang faintly guessed something. Read the full text of the latest chapter. Access to the latest chapter:

"Golden fire tree have Tree soul! With an elder protecting that place, they would occasionally use the Tree soul to sense the situation of the Golden fire tree, "Zhong Jun said." Let’s go, we’ll go and patrol right now. "

Chen Xiang immediately followed Zhong Jun and Yu Lirong up into the sky.

Zhong Jun brought Chen Xiang and Yu Lirong to the place where the leaves had been cut off.

"Will not the sap of the divine tree flow out?" Chen Xiang was puzzled the entire time. His clone did not notice any leaves flowing out after he chopped off the leaf. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"No, the sap won’t flow out of the tree in this way. Even if you split the trunk, it would just be as dry as cutting a rock." Zhong Jun said: "Ever since the giant eagle appeared, such a strange thing happened again ... In the past, at most some of its leaves were bitten off by poisonous insect Poisonous beast, and this is the first time that a whole leaf has disappeared in a short period of time. "

Although Chen Xiang knew how Leaves disappeared, he still had to follow along and patrol.

After patrolling for an entire day, Chen Xiang sent his clone into the Time array to check on the situation of the cauldron.

"We have consumed two million Tao-creation Holy Crystals!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath. He had put five million Tao-creation Divine Crystals in the Tianchuang furnace, and there were only two million now.

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that this Golden fire tree’s leaf was a treasure! It’s just not easy to get it.

Chen Xiang continued to patrol with them, but did not find anything. Three days had passed and the furnace had not been completed yet, it was mainly because the World Defying Dan grain had not awakened.

Now, he had already put in more Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals. In these past few days, he had used up nearly eight million of them!

"Alright, we can rest now." Zhong Jun received the notice and withdrew with Chen Xiang and Yu Lirong.

After returning to his residence, Chen Xiang returned to his room.

"He actually used so many Tao-creation Divine Crystals! I wonder if it’s a good thing? " Chen Xiang waited somewhat anxiously.

Half a day later, the World Defying Dan grain finally awakened as a total of more than nine million Tao-creation Divine Crystals had been used up.

He took out a shiny golden pill from the pill furnace. This pill was refined from a single leaf.

"Let’s call it the Gold Fire Pill!" Chen Xiang was a little excited, and then he swallowed the pellet.

After eating this pellet, he could feel an energy similar to the sap of the divine tree coming towards him. This energy could quickly refine itself and fuse with Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea, strengthening the Legendary gas in the Divine Sense Sea.

"It’s slightly stronger than the energy hidden in the sap of the divine tree!" Chen Xiang was more satisfied. The only thing that was lacking was that it took up too much of the Tao-creation Holy Crystals, and only after consuming close to ten million Tao-creation Holy Crystals could one refine one pellet.

Hu Jingyuan who was inside the Six Realms mirrors came out, his cultivation had risen a lot, and Chen Xiang told him about the divine tree sap.

"The sap of the divine tree is extracted from the divine tree. The extraction process is rather complicated, but it can still be extracted in the end! If we can eat a lot, we can indeed cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source. " Hu Jingyuan said: "And the fruit of the divine tree, is something that can make it easier for people to cultivate the Primordial Qi."

"Fruit?" Chen Xiang did not know that Golden fire tree could still bear fruits.

"Of course, I was able to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi, all thanks to the fact that I was able to eat the fruits." Hu Jingyuan laughed: "So this is my luck! And the fruit I’m eating is an extraordinary fruit? "

"What do you mean by extraordinary fruit?" Chen Xiang’s heart was moved. If there was such a good thing, he would definitely go and get it.

"That is Fruit King! At first, everyone thought that there was a problem with the fruit, but then they wanted to find out what exactly was wrong with it and if there was really a problem with it. Hence, they asked someone to try it out. Hu Jingyuan laughed: "I ate an entire fruit before I managed to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi."

"The leaves of this divine tree are so big, so the fruit must be quite big!" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"It’s not too big. How about we have a watermelon like this? The main thing is that after a flower blooms, it will produce over a hundred Holy Fruits, and the one I am eating is the Fruit King! Not every flower can bear fruit. This is a very rare situation, so my master and the others did not know about it. They will only regret it after I eat it. " Hu Jingyuan laughed.

"Old Hu, I have to say that your luck is really good!" Chen Xiang said.

"Not good at all, am I not wasted now?" I have to start all over again! " When Hu Jingyuan talked about this matter, he felt extremely depressed and unlucky.

"Don’t worry, with your natural talent, you’ll surely be able to recover to the peak very quickly." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Don’t comfort me, I know how difficult it is to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi." Hu Jingyuan sighed: "It’s impossible for me to have that kind of luck again."

"Old Hu, do you know where the Sacred Fruits are?" Chen Xiang asked.

"You want to steal it?" Hu Jingyuan wasn’t surprised at all by Chen Xiang’s thoughts, because he knew what kind of person Chen Xiang was.

"No!" Chen Xiang laughed: "I’m just curious."

"Even if you want to steal, you don’t have the ability!" Hu Jingyuan said: "You should give up! These elders are all people who have cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi. It is said that every ’flower’ is guarded by ten such elders, and if they are close to the end of the flower, the number of elders would increase by a dozen or twenty. "

"Where are the fruits?" Chen Xiang’s heart itched, there were at least a hundred fruits in the end.

"Of course, the elders will divide it. In short, other people do not have a share. The elders will eat the fruits themselves to increase their strength, and they will also give the most excellent disciples to eat, and use that to strengthen their own power. " Hu Jingyuan sighed: "My master is one of the elders, he has many disciples! And even Gold Fire Fighter do not have the chance to eat the Holy Fruit. "

Chen Xiang felt that the Divine Pellet he refined with the leaves could also help him cultivate the energy of the World Defying Stage Divine Source, it just needed to be eaten more. Chen Xiang went outside and looked at the huge leaves and so many leaves that were in all directions. As long as he had time to refine them, he would definitely be able to use them to break through.

"Chen Xiang, the Tree soul of the divine tree might have already been sealed and then controlled by those elders. That way, they would know the situation of the divine tree and when the ’flower’ fruit will appear." He Fengyuan said: "If I can find out where the Tree soul is, I might be able to get divine soul to give you some things!"

He Fengyuan felt that the existence of these huge divine trees must be hiding some kind of secret. Previously, she was unable to sense the Tree soul, which made her suspicious.