Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang also felt that the Tree soul on the divine tree could not control itself. Such a powerful divine tree, the Tree soul would definitely not be weak, but it was still sealed tightly.

"The same goes for the other divine trees as well." He Fengyuan said, "Right now, it’s impossible for you to obtain the Holy Fruit. Don’t go for now, it’s very dangerous." Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"I know!" Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Old Man Yu has a very high position here, I might be able to get it from him."

It was not that easy to cut off leaves now, as many Gold Fire Fighter were patrolling the area.

"Elder Brother Shen, are you looking?" Yu Lirong walked over and asked.

"Let me see the leaves." Chen Xiang laughed: "Why are these leaves so big? There must be a lot of energy contained inside and we humans cannot absorb the energy inside, but the poisonous insect and Poisonous beast can."

"That’s true. Beasts are also very strong. This could be their innate talent." Yu Lirong laughed.

Chen Xiang and Yu Lirong continued to chat, suddenly, an elder appeared.

"Li Rong, your grandfather is back! He’s not doing very well. " The old man’s expression was ugly. "Quickly, come over."

After Yu Lirong finished listening, his expression also became heavy. He asked Chen Xiang to follow him to see his grandfather.

"It will be fine!" Chen Xiang patted Yu Lirong’s shoulder.

Yu Lirong took heavy steps and followed the old man into a hole in the tree trunk. After walking a distance, he arrived at a room.

Yu Weizhou’s face turned green, his eyes closed. He laid on the bed, his aura weak.

"Grandfather!" Yu Lirong walked over and shouted in grief.

"Li Rong, your grandfather exchanged blows with a strong enemy and received heavy injuries! We found him in a river. There were a total of ten people that went with him, and they were all elders with decent cultivations. However, four of their life orbs had already shattered, so it was not bad that your grandfather could still come back! The whereabouts of the other five Elders are unknown. " An old man said.

"Your grandfather is severely injured, and we’re powerless to help him!" The old man sighed.

Yu Lirong looked at Chen Xiang, his face full of help.

"Let me take a look!" Chen Xiang pressed his hand on Yu Weizhou’s chest, inspecting his injuries.

The few elders here knew that Chen Xiang was Yu Lirong’s friend and knew that Chen Xiang’s strength was not bad. Now that they saw Yu Lirong placing all his hopes on Chen Xiang, they were secretly curious about Chen Xiang’s identity.

A moment later, Chen Xiang said with a grave expression on his face, "The injury is serious and all the bones in his body have been shattered. The entire Divine Sense Sea is in an even more chaotic state and it is difficult to find your grandfather’s divine soul.

"Elder Brother Shen, you must have a way. Save my grandfather!" Yu Lirong anxiously said. If Chen Xiang had not stopped him, he might have already knelt down.

"I will try my best!" Chen Xiang said: "But we need to find a new place with sunlight, go outside!"

This was the inside of the tree trunk, where the sunlight could not reach.

Those elders could only let Yu Lirong arrange things as he wished. After all, that was Yu Lirong’s grandfather.

Yu Lirong moved Yu Weizhou to their residence on the tree branches. The elders had already left, they promised Yu Lirong that they would not let their team do anything during this period of time.

Here, only Chen Xiang, Zhong Jun and Yu Lirong were left.

"Elder Brother Shen, why did you come to this place?" Yu Lirong asked: "Does sunlight really help my grandfather recover?"

"Of course not, I’m only here to escape!" Chen Xiang said in a low voice.

Yu Lirong immediately thought of something.

"Your grandfather and the rest of the ten are the most powerful and strongest ten out of the Golden fire tree! "Now that there are four dead, five missing, your grandfather is severely injured ..." Chen Xiang said: "Just now on the road, you also asked those elders. Besides Grandfather, you should know who the five people who are still alive are, right?"

"Hm!" They don’t usually have any enmity with my grandfather, the elders within our Golden fire tree are all very united. " Yu Lirong knew what Chen Xiang was suspecting.

"Well, that’s just my guess! Now, you will only know when your grandfather is cured! Also, you must pay attention to the news of the Golden fire tree during this period of time. If those five elders who are still alive return, come and notify me immediately. "

Zhong Jun guarded this place while Yu Lirong went out to investigate.

Chen Xiang entered the Time array s.

"His injuries are very serious, I hope the Rebirth powder are useful to him!" Chen Xiang immediately began to refine Rebirth powder of the highest quality, he needed to use all of his strength to refine the highest.

Yu Weizhou was a Ranker who managed to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi, his body was strong in the first place, and the quality of the Rebirth powder he needed was also extremely high.

Chen Xiang had been refining in the Time array for close to a hundred years, and after condensing the pill, he would start to awaken the Pill Pattern, which also required a lot of time.

"Captain, what’s going on outside?" Chen Xiang asked.

"There’s already a little bit of information. Those five elders who are still alive are at the other divine trees." Zhong Jun said, this was news that Li Rong just found out.

Chen Xiang returned after waiting for quite a while.

"Elder Brother Shen, how is your grandfather’s condition?" When Yu Lirong saw Chen Xiang, he asked anxiously.

"I am in the midst of refining pills. I will only know after I have finished." Chen Xiang said: "Did you find out the latest news?"

"I got a bit of information." Weren’t the other experts from the other divine trees also in a hurry to leave a while ago? It’s the same for Golden fire tree. Right now, I heard that only half of the people in those divine trees are able to return alive. Yu Lirong frowned: "Looks like there’s a big problem with this matter."

"Right, Old Hu’s master has always been here." Yu Lirong said.

"The five surviving elders of the Golden fire tree have returned. They are still at the other Divine Trees and will be back soon." Chen Xiang said: "We have to leave, if they really have problems, it will be hard for us to escape."

"I’ll talk to the elders here. Tell them that you need to bring my grandfather to a place where he can be treated." Yu Lirong said: "Right now, they are all powerless against my grandfather’s injuries, so they will definitely let me ... Captain, you will stay here. We need you to gather information here. "

After the three of them agreed to it, they immediately took action.

Those elders all agreed for Yu Lirong to bring his grandfather to other places for treatment.

Chen Xiang and Yu Lirong were not far from the Golden fire tree, and it was also convenient for them to look for Zhong Jun.

"We have already refined the Rebirth powder, I hope it will be of some use. As long as we can stabilize Old Man Yu’s Divine Sense Sea, there won’t be any problems in the future." Chen Xiang soaked Yu Weizhou in a jade vat, and then poured in a large number of Rebirth powder.

Lastly, he would heat up the water in the jade vat. This would allow Yu Weizhou to quickly absorb the Rebirth powder’s medicinal power.

Thailand’s most popular female anchorwoman new love video exposure down the male host!