Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang felt that Yu Weizhou was not injured during the battle, but was ambushed instead. To a strong Ranker like Yu Weizhou, the only person who could sneak attack him was someone that he trusted the most.

Therefore, Chen Xiang guessed that those elders who went with Yu Weizhou had launched a sneak attack.

"He should be able to recover quickly like this. The moment Old Man Yu wakes up, he’ll know who injured him." Chen Xiang put Yu Weizhou inside the Time array.

Xiao Xianglin said: "This old man isn’t weak. Even if he’s a sneak attack, he needs a lot of strength to injure him! According to Yu Lirong, the elders that were going with Yu Weizhou were at most slightly stronger than Master Yu. Moreover, several elders have died! "

"This is also what I’m very curious about." Chen Xiang had the nagging feeling that someone else was fighting, and someone was much stronger than Yu Weizhou.

It was already rare for Yu Weizhou to be able to escape. After all, his injuries were severe.

Yu Lirong was asking around outside. When he saw Chen Xiang coming out from the Time array, he immediately went up to him to inquire about the situation.

"Elder Brother Shen, can Grandfather really get well?" Yu Lirong was very worried, it was always Yu Weizhou who brought him everywhere to treat strange injuries. Over the years, he had often been with his own grandfather, and their relationship was deep.

"You don’t have to worry about getting better." Chen Xiang smiled confidently: "It’s only a matter of time now. Right, what kind of news did you hear from the outside? "

"Those elders are back!" Yu Lirong said: "After they came back, and found out that you and I had brought Grandfather away, they were extremely furious and even blamed the captain. They have already stripped the captain of his position as Gold Fire Fighter, and the captain has now been kicked out of the Golden fire tree."

"It seems like they are the traitor!" Chen Xiang snorted: "These people must be doing something shady behind the scenes."

"Isn’t it! The captain also said that he became even angrier when he found out that the eagle had been killed by us. " Yu Lirong said coldly: "It must be those guys who injured my grandfather, and they even raised that giant hawk and the large number of venomous insect Poisonous beast."

Zhong Jun had already been chased out of the Golden fire tree and learned quite a few things from him.

"That can’t be wrong... However, I feel that the ones who injured your grandfather are not those fellows. They do not have the strength to do so. " Chen Xiang frowned.

Now, it was certain that the giant hawk was raised by the five Golden fire tree’s spy elders, and this kind of beast was only found in Beast-creation Race!

"Who else?" Yu Lirong hurriedly asked, "Elder Brother Shen, you must tell me, once I become strong, I will take revenge for Grandfather!"

"And the Beast-creation Race ... But I can’t be sure it was them! If it’s really them, then their strength is even more terrifying than I imagined. " Chen Xiang’s expression turned serious as he sighed, "We’ll only find out after Old Man Yu wakes up."

"En, I have already ordered the captain to continue investigating outside!" Yu Lirong said: "His connections are wider than mine."

"That’s good!" Chen Xiang looked at the Golden fire tree not far away and said: "Those fellows might have already sent people to find us. When you go out, pay attention to hiding your tracks."

"En!" Yu Lirong nodded.

At night, Chen Xiang released three illusions from his room. He let the illusions fly to a very high altitude and arrived above the Golden fire tree.

"In any case, I’m no longer in the Golden fire tree s, so chopping some leaves is no big deal!" After Chen Xiang selected a location, one of his clones turned into a very, very small bug, and quietly flew up onto the Golden fire tree.

His doppelganger came to a deserted place and started chopping down a large leaf. He told the three phantoms to let him wander, as this would allow him to proceed more smoothly. As long as someone came, he would stop and then cover the place where he was chopping down.

When Chen Xiang’s clone was chopping down the leaves, the disturbance was relatively large, but because there was no one around and he had hidden his own Qi, it was not easy to detect.

Occasionally someone would come over to patrol, and when his illusion discovered someone was coming over, he immediately stopped, his clone used an invisibility technique and couldn’t even see him.

After tormenting himself for an entire night, Chen Xiang finally cut off a large leaf and let his clone bring it back. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

At daybreak, it landed in his original body’s hands.

Once a leaf was chopped off from the Golden fire tree, it would be discovered by the elders, thus, there were a lot of people patrolling the Golden fire tree.

"You two better study if there’s any way for me to cut down these leaves." Chen Xiang said, his clone was extremely tired.

The stem of the leaf was as big as an ordinary tree, and the leaf was equivalent to an ordinary tree.

Mei Jing Sisters, Xiao Xianglin and He Fengyuan were researching how to quickly destroy this kind of leaf on Golden fire tree s. It could allow Chen Xiang to cut leaves faster.

Chen Xiang needed more leaves to concoct pills now, this was the only way he could quickly cultivate the energy of the World Defying Stage Divine Source.

At this time, he was also refining Rebirth powder s non-stop, soaking them in Yu Weizhou’s water.

Only when Yu Weizhou woke up would he be able to stop adding Rebirth powder.

Xiao Xianglin and the rest of the girls soon passed on the good news to Chen Xiang.

"With our combined efforts, I can refine a kind of liquid. This liquid is also refined from medicinal herbs, and can quickly melt the roots of the leaves." He Fengyuan said.

"Fine, get me some more of this stuff, I’m going to pick more of these leaves." Chen Xiang said.

"Actually, we don’t need that much. We just need to refine this medicinal liquid into a large blade. After that, we can use the large blade to quickly cut off the leaves." Xiao Xianglin said: "I will start right now. I can quickly complete it inside the Time array."

He Fengyuan and the others all had Doppelgänger mantra, so to be able to release two clones, they would definitely be able to do it quickly.

After two days, Xiao Xianglin and the others had already refined a large blade for Chen Xiang, but it was not permanent.

Chen Xiang tested and indeed, he was able to easily cut apart that huge leaf.

And at this time, Yu Weizhou also woke up!

Chen Xiang immediately took out the jar that was soaked in Yu Weizhou’s jade, and called him in.

"Grandfather!" Yu Lirong anxiously shouted when he entered.

"Li Rong, grandpa is fine!" Yu Lirong was extremely weak, but he had a kind smile on his face. When he saw Chen Xiang here, he felt more at ease.

He had experienced tens of thousands of years and still couldn’t cure Yu Lirong’s strange injury, but Chen Xiang had been able to cure it in an instant. Chen Xiang’s position in his heart was extremely high.

"Master Yu, you need to rest more." Chen Xiang replied, "We are more at ease now that you have awoken!"