Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang then placed a few Rebirth powder into the jade vat.

After Yu Weizhou woke up, he could absorb the Rebirth powder’s power even faster.

"This is truly a pretty good pill, to be able to help me recover so quickly." Yu Weizhou sighed: "If it weren’t for you, I might have already died. I am truly grateful to you for saving my life!"

"What do you mean? We are friends! " Chen Xiang laughed.

Yu Weizhou nodded, he felt that it was good to have such a friend!

"Grandfather, who actually injured you?" Yu Lirong immediately asked: "Are you talking about the five elders that returned alive?"

Yu Lirong told Yu Weizhou a few things simply.

"Not only those five fellows... The ones who died did too, but I killed them all! " When Yu Weizhou talked about this matter, he was extremely furious, "I never thought that they would actually want to hand over the Golden fire tree!"

"Out? To whom? " Chen Xiang already had an answer in his heart, but he didn’t dare confirm it.

"Beast-creation Race!" Yu Weizhou shouted angrily: "This bunch of bastards, actually became the dogs of the Beast-creation Race!"

Chen Xiang frowned slightly. He had already guessed that it would be like this, but he was still a little surprised.

"Does Beast-creation Race have that kind of power?" Chen Xiang asked: "According to what I know, the Beast-creation Race does have a certain amount of strength, but it isn’t strong enough to let those elders be lackeys."

Those elders all cultivated the Divine Origin Qi.

"Beast-creation Race has that kind of power! I was injured so badly because of Beast-creation Race. " Yu Weizhou looked at Chen Xiang and said: "Chen Xiang, you come from outside Medicine-creation Divine Continent. Have you interacted with Beast-creation Race before?"

"It was not there at all... But later on, it became more complicated! " Chen Xiang told Yu Weizhou and the others in detail about how Beast-creation Race broke the seal and came to Most Ancient Era.

Yu Weizhou lowered his head in thought. After a while, he said, "The matter of the Beast-creation Race is not that simple! You said that their scheme was to devour the entire Most Ancient Era to make themselves stronger? "

Chen Xiang nodded!

"If they really can swallow the entire Most Ancient Era, including the few divine trees here, then it might be extremely possible." Yu Weizhou said, "Beast-creation Race’s unique ability can quickly absorb the divine tree’s energy. The giant eagles and the venomous insect Poisonous beast that you guys mentioned previously came from the Beast-creation Race, this has already been proven."

"Right now, it is difficult for us humans to directly absorb the divine tree’s power. We can only absorb it through the divine tree’s sap and divine tree holy fruit ... But the sap and holy fruit are extremely limited. "

Chen Xiang suddenly understood: "The reason behind the betrayal of the elders is because they want to obtain this ability, right?"

Yu Weizhou nodded his head, "Once they obtain this ability, they will be able to continuously obtain energy from the divine tree. Those leaves will no longer be useless!"

The Beast-creation Race had this ability. If he wanted to obtain this ability, he would need the Beast-creation Race to carry on the bloodline inheritance and become a beast!

"God-creation Race and Fire-creation Sacred Race will definitely do the same." Chen Xiang thought about the God-creation Race he had met before. They were no longer restrained by the Chuangyuan key because they had already fused with the Beast-creation Race’s bloodline.

"From the mouths of those bastards, they felt that the Beast-creation Race’s bloodline was the most perfect bloodline." Yu Weizhou said, "It’s not only the Golden fire tree that hides this kind of thing, there are other divine trees as well."

"Old Hu’s master is in trouble." Chen Xiang sighed.

"Yes, he is also a very principled person. He would definitely not agree to something like this. Right now, he is definitely in a dangerous situation." Yu Weizhou said, "We need to work together ... Chen Xiang, can you promise me to go find Zuo Xingfeng? He must be injured too, I hope he doesn’t die. "

Zuo Xingfeng was Old Hu’s master!

"Sure!" Chen Xiang nodded his head: "But I need to prepare a period of time, I need to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi first!"

Yu Lirong looked at Chen Xiang with a face full of surprise. He believed that Chen Xiang saying this meant that he was confident enough to cultivate out divine origin energy!

"Elder Brother Shen, did you find a way?" Yu Lirong asked in shock.

"Yes, but I can’t confirm it completely yet ... Of course, it would be great if there was a Divine Tree Holy Fruit. " Chen Xiang said.

"The Divine Tree Holy Fruit has been tightly grasped by them, and I don’t know how many years it will take for it to form again. I can’t rely on that." Yu Weizhou shook his head. If Chen Xiang could find a shortcut to cultivate Divine Origin Qi, it would be an extremely shocking thing.

"Old Master Yu, has the Golden fire tree s of the Golden fire tree been sealed?" Chen Xiang was very curious about this matter. He also wanted to let He Fengyuan establish a connection with the Tree soul and see what the Golden fire tree would do.

"Yes!" Being controlled, I do not know how I did it, but in short, I did not participate in this matter, so even before I became an elder of the Golden fire tree, a situation like this already existed. " Yu Weizhou said.

"Is there any way to break the seal?" Chen Xiang felt that if the Tree soul could regain its freedom, it would be helpful in preventing the Beast-creation Race from absorbing the energy from the divine tree.

"I don’t know, but Zuo Xingfeng has been studying this very closely. If he can find him, there might be a way." Yu Weizhou sighed: "I’m worried that he’s dead, he’s a rare Pill God!"

For Zuo Xingfeng to be able to concoct a legendary pill like the Spirit Communication Pill, he must be very capable!

"I’ll find him." Chen Xiang patted Yu Weizhou’s shoulders. He let Yu Lirong take good care of Yu Weizhou and then went inside the Time array to refine some pellets.

He needed to refine a large batch of Rebirth powder for Yu Weizhou to absorb. He was in a hurry to pick the leaves.

"It’s a good thing I have a clone. Otherwise, I really wouldn’t be able to handle this!"

One of Chen Xiang’s clones was refining a Rebirth powder while his original body was refining a huge leaf. The other clone was picking the leaves.

"Master, that Legendary mantra should be coming soon!" Chen Xiang asked, he was really looking forward to see how the Legendary mantra looked like.

"Soon, not many days." Xiao Xianglin was also looking forward to it.

"I hope it will be of great use to us." Chen Xiang said. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Chen Xiang’s clone moved during the night. In merely a moment, he harvested over a hundred leaves, and then, he quickly escaped the Golden fire tree.

At this time, the people inside the Golden fire tree had already exploded. In a short period of time, the people inside had taken away the white leaves! To the people who had lived in the Golden fire tree for many years, this was a shocking matter.

Everyone knew that the giant leaves on the Golden fire tree were very strong. It was not easy to get one piece down, but now there were 100 less!

It was understandable that he had stolen one or two of them from time to time!

The elders were all dispatched to join the patrol. The first thing they did was to check out the actual content!