Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The reason why Chen Xiang’s clone returned so quickly was mainly because the medicinal liquid on his blade was already gone, so it was impossible for him to cut off the leaves easily.

When and Zhong Jun heard the news, they were very shocked. They started to suspect Chen Xiang secretly, but they did not know why they had such thoughts!

"Grandfather, do you think that it was Elder Brother Shen who did it?" Yu Lirong said softly.

"How is that possible? He spent the entire night concocting pills in his room, while his Time array was constantly active, and his aura is also present." Yu Weizhou laughed: "But even if he did, there’s nothing strange about it."

"Elder Yu, are those leaves really useless?" He was also a person that Yu Weizhou trusted the most. Back then, when Yu Lirong had become a Gold Fire Fighter, he was the one who asked Zhong Jun to bring Yu Lirong along.

"It’s useful to Beast-creation Race ... "It’s useless to people." Yu Weizhou shook his head.

"What about the Alchemist?" Yu Lirong asked.

"I’m not sure either. Zuo Xingfeng said that it was useless, maybe he didn’t find out." Yu Weizhou thought back to what Zuo Xingfeng had told him about refining leaves.

At this time, Chen Xiang came out of the room with a huge vat of Rebirth powder.

"Elder Brother Shen, you have been concocting pills all night!" Yu Lirong asked with a strange expression.

"If I don’t forge pills, what else can I do?" Chen Xiang laughed as he poured the bucket of Rebirth powder into Yu Weizhou’s jade vat.

"I thought you were that leaf thief." Yu Lirong laughed.

"How is that possible?" Chen Xiang laughed as he denied it.

"Elder Brother Shen, you have hidden your strength ... To be able to kill someone like Ke Yunxing, he must have cultivated a Divine Origin Qi. " When Yu Lirong thought about this, he couldn’t help but exclaim in surprise.

Yu Weizhou had already known about this a long time ago, and felt the same shock.

"The main reason is that he is underestimating me, a pill refiner!" Chen Xiang smiled.

"Even if I were to underestimate him, I wouldn’t be able to get rid of him so easily." Yu Lirong curled his lips and said: "Elder Brother Shen, you must be hiding your true strength."

"Alright, I am indeed strong. You should learn a little bit more and work harder. Only in this way can you counterattack when others want to trample on you." Chen Xiang laughed.

Yu Lirong nodded heavily.

"I’m going to start concocting pills!" Chen Xiang returned to his room and continued concocting pills.

He had already created many Rebirth powder, which was enough for Yu Weizhou to use for a period of time. Now, he was using his three clones to refine the leaves and the Legendary Flame Pill.

"My Tao-creation Holy Crystals might not be enough!" sighed. He had previously felt that with the one hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals in his possession, he would be able to use it for a very long period of time, but now he could only use it to refine seven or eight pellets. Moreover, Xiao Xianglin and the Mei Jing Sisters needed to use both of them.

Chen Xiang planned to shamelessly borrow some from Yu Weizhou.

"Legend has it that the Golden Flame Pill contains an extremely special energy. It can only transform and strengthen my own Legendary gas, so the refining speed is very fast."

Chen Xiang quickly refined three pills. After consuming these three pills, he did not need long to refine them.

He continued to refine another five crystals before stopping, because he did not have much of the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals left.

After refining those five pills, he let out a long sigh, "It’s still not enough! I still need to eat around ten more pellets before I can convert the Legendary gas into Divine Origin Qi. "

"I’ve already grasped that Legendary mantra." Xiao Xianglin brought back good news.

"What kind of Legendary mantra is it?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"Let me familiarize myself with it first. This Legendary mantra’s power is quite unique." Xiao Xianglin said: "I will need some time to grasp it."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang said: "I will go out to get the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal to concoct pills first."

When Chen Xiang went out, he saw Yu Weizhou inside the Time array and Yu Lirong guarding outside.

"Elder Brother Shen, my grandfather is much better now. He said that it won’t be long before he recovers." Yu Lirong was very happy.

"That’s good!" Chen Xiang nodded his head, "Li Rong, I lack the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals ... I want to sell a few of them in exchange for the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals.

"I have one here!" Yu Lirong anxiously gave some of the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals to Chen Xiang. Although it was worth a few million, it was still not enough for Chen Xiang to refine a Legendary Gold Fire Pill.

"Not enough!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Tell me where the divine pellets are more convenient to sell, I’ll go exchange for the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals."

"You want to sell the Legendary god Dan?" Yu Lirong asked in a low voice.

"Of course not, I’m selling the Extreme Heaven Pill, the pill that can let a person reach the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank!" Chen Xiang smiled mysteriously.

"Elder Brother Shen... This is too amazing! " Yu Lirong was very excited. "Can I eat it too?" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Of course you can! When your grandpa recovers, I’ll let him guide you to eat. It’ll be more useful. " Chen Xiang laughed.

When Yu Weizhou came out of the Time array, he was also very surprised. "How much do you want to sell this kind of pellet, I’ll buy a few for Li Rong!"

"Chen Xiang, don’t you lack Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals? Just name the price! " Yu Weizhou laughed.

"With two hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals, I can give you enough pellets to step into the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank with honor ... I really lack Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals right now. " Chen Xiang laughed somewhat embarrassedly.

"Alright!" Yu Weizhou straightforwardly gave Chen Xiang a Storage bag.

Chen Xiang also gave enough pills to Yu Weizhou to guide him in his cultivation. In any case, his injuries required him to be inside the Time array.

"Chen Xiang, you truly are astonishing. You even have such a pill." Yu Weizhou laughed.

"There’s no helping it, if I cultivate properly and break through, who knows how long it would take." Chen Xiang laughed and then ran into the room to continue refining the Gold Fire Pill.

Chen Xiang felt that after he broke through, he would also be able to learn new Legendary mantra s and his own strength would be raised to a whole new level. Even if he met the elders inside the divine tree, he would have nothing to be afraid of.

"Master, how is the use of the Legendary mantra doing? What kind of ability is that? " Chen Xiang was very curious.

"Don’t be so anxious, I’m refining the Paternoster soul stone and you can cultivate the Divine Origin Qi." Xiao Xianglin laughed.

Chen Xiang was helpless, he could only obediently refine the Legendary Gold Flame Pill, in order to speed up his cultivation of Divine Origin Qi.

... ....

Zhong Jun had always been in charge of investigating and gathering information, when he suddenly rushed in, Yu Lirong had already stepped into the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

"Zhong Jun, what’s the rush?" Yu Weizhou asked.

"Not good, they are searching the entire city for us." Zhong Jun anxiously said: "We need to leave quickly!"

"They are here! Yu Weizhou said in a serious tone.

"Haha ..." Yu Lirong, Zhong Jun, you are really here, where is Chen Xiang? " Tian Dongyu laughed loudly as he entered.

Following that, a few elders walked in. Tian Dongyu, Lu Xinyun, and a few other teams followed behind them.