Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Zhong Jun saw that the group of people had arrived, and anxiously walked forward, then said to Yu Lirong behind him: "Li Rong, take Elder Yu and leave first. I’ll hold them here." 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Zhong Jun, you can’t stop them by yourself." Yu Weizhou who was in the jade vat said.

Tian Dong Yu laughed: "Zhong Jun, you traitors of the Golden fire tree, you should behave yourselves."

"You scoundrel, shut your mouth. Although I, Yu Weizhou, am already severely injured, I have no problem killing all of you." Yu Weizhou was immediately enraged, his cold voice carried a burst of power that caused fear in people’s hearts.

Tian Dongyu’s face paled and he hurriedly took a few steps back. Just now, he had been locked onto by Yu Weizhou’s killing intent, causing him to feel extreme fear.

A white haired white robed elder walked over, and laughed coldly: "Yu Weizhou, I didn’t expect you to wake up, what a miracle! Looks like that Chen Xiang fellow is a pretty good Alchemist. He was the one who cured the little trash Yu Lirong right? "

Those people who followed over, were emotionally moved. They knew that Yu Lirong’s strange injuries were extremely difficult to treat, but they never expected that it was actually Chen Xiang who had healed them!

Especially Tian Dongyu and Lu Xinyun, they had looked down upon Chen Xiang back then, but never did they expect that Chen Xiang was actually an outstanding Pill God.

"Yu Lirong is already at the legendary peak?" The old man looked at Yu Lirong and shouted.

Everyone was shocked, Yu Lirong had only just entered the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and not long ago, he had already reached the peak of his abilities! They thought of Chen Xiang and felt that it was definitely because of the pill that Chen Xiang had refined that he had broken through.

Yu Lirong was secretly worried. They were currently in a very bad situation, yet Chen Xiang was still in a closed door cultivation.

"Tell me, how did you break through so fast?" The old man’s face was full of viciousness as he threatened, "If you don’t tell me, I will make your deaths miserable."

"It must be because that Chen Xiang fellow refined some sort of pill to let him break through." Lu Xinyun said coldly: "Elder, you must catch that Chen Xiang. Back then, he was the one who killed the giant eagle, and the giant eagle is your beast pet ... They also received three drops of sap from the divine tree. "

So the giant hawk was raised by the old man in front of him, causing Yu Weizhou to become even more angry.

"Zhang Xiao Hao, you bastard, you must have been the one raising the venomous insect Poisonous beast all these years, right?" Yu Weizhou said angrily: "You little bastards, sooner or later you all will become the food of those beasts that Zhang Xiao Hao raised. You all are still following him now!"

"Yu Weizhou, you old traitor, don’t slander our elder." Tian Dongyu immediately scolded, "If it weren’t for your grandson and the others slaying his beast pet, we wouldn’t have come to kill you today."

"You guys had a part in it back then!" Zhong Jun laughed coldly: "Moreover, you were the first ones to take action against that giant eagle. At that time, it was also the elders who ordered us to kill the giant eagle."

Tian Dongyu and the others fell silent.

"Kill them all!" Zhang Xiao Hao shouted: "They can’t beat us, Yu Weizhou has not recovered from his injuries, this level of strength is not enough to threaten you, as long as we take down the two of them, it will be fine."

"Chen Xiang should be inside." Tian Dongyu said, "Let’s go take him down!"

"Since he’s able to kill the giant eagle, his strength definitely isn’t weak. Let me pass." Zhang Xiao Hao was an elder, and had cultivated God’s Qi, he was the strongest, with him taking action, the juniors thought that Chen Xiang would not be able to escape.

Tian Dong Yu and the rest immediately went up and waved their swords towards Yu Weizhou who was inside the jade vat, trying to slash him down. However, they were blocked by Yu Lirong and Zhong Jun.

Zhang Xiao Hao walked to the outside of the door and was about to open it, but he felt a strong presence coming from outside. Soon after, he saw an arm coming out of the door and going through Zhang Xiao Hao’s chest.

Everyone was immediately scared until their minds went blank. They were originally attacking Yu Lirong and the others, but now they kept retreating, because the aura released from Zhang Xiao Hao’s arm was too terrifying, as if it could destroy the heaven and earth!

Zhang Xiao Hao was a very powerful elder, who was able to cultivate God’s Qi, he had a very high position amongst the Golden fire tree, and was a person that many young Gold Fire Fighter respected, but now his body was pierced through by a fist!

Chen Xiang walked out and saw that his arm was covered with red scales that were coiled around the Red fire dragon, emitting a very threatening red aura. Chen Xiang had already perfectly controlled the Scarlet Dragon Fire Arm now, it was not as inflated as before, and seemed to be even more coordinated with him.

When everyone looked at Chen Xiang’s Scarlet Dragon Fire Arm that was releasing a dense divine aura, they were all trembling in fear. This was the first time they had felt such a strong divine aura!

"Are you the one who raised the eagle?" I’ll send you to see him now! " Chen Xiang smiled slightly. The Red fire dragon wrapped around his arm roared and poured into Zhang Xiao Hao’s body, releasing a strong flame and burning Zhang Xiao Hao into ashes.

Then, Chen Xiang released two more clones, stopping the people that were following them!

Yu Lirong and Zhong Jun were also extremely frightened. Chen Xiang had truly cultivated God’s Origin Qi, and his strength was so terrifying!

"Chen Xiang... What are you trying to do? You want to kill us? " Tian Dongyu’s voice trembled as his face filled with fear.

"No, I just think it’s a waste for you to have this kind of power." Chen Xiang took a step forward and smashed a palm into Tian Dongyu’s abdomen, crippling him completely, "You clearly know that Zhang Xiao Hao is not a good person, yet you’re following him and even bullying an injured old man. Today, I will not let you two off."

Yu Weizhou had already told them earlier that Zhang Xiao Hao was rearing poisonous Poisonous beast. These people believed him, but they were not moved!

Tian Dongyu fell to the ground as he vomited blood. His face was filled with hatred. He had been crippled! His formidable strength was unexpectedly gone just like that. This caused him to immediately go insane as he continued to shout non-stop.

"Let me do it!" Yu Weizhou immediately jumped out of the jade vat and roared, releasing a tyrannical force that forced Lu Xinyun and the rest to kneel on the ground.

"Didn’t you want to kill me, this seriously injured old man? "Humph!" Yu Weizhou roared angrily and sucked all of the blades over. Then, he blew away a burst of violent air currents and let the blades strike out, covering those people like a torrential rain.

Shua shua shua! Gold Fire Fighter who were extremely arrogant a moment ago were all killed by Yu Weizhou just like that.

"Elder Yu, you’re alright!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"It’s just that I’m feeling pretty good. I need to rest for a while, but it’s more than enough to deal with these small fry." Yu Weizhou laughed: "Brat, you really can cultivate this Divine Origin Qi, moreover, your own strength is not weak."

"Let’s get out of here! I must have exposed my aura just now. " Chen Xiang said. He had already seen from the illusion that there were many people flying over.