Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang placed all of them inside the Six Realms mirrors, and then left the place, leaving the Golden fire tree behind.

"We know about the Golden fire tree." Chen Xiang said. At this time, the Six Realms mirrors was flying stealthily in the original location.

"Yes, looks like it’s almost all being controlled by the Beast-creation Race, sigh!" Yu Weizhou sighed: "All these years, I didn’t care about the affairs of the Golden fire tree, I didn’t think it would become like this!"

"Old Master Yu, you don’t have to blame yourself. The situation in the other divine trees is definitely the same. This is something that Beast-creation Race had planned for a long time." Chen Xiang said: "It’s just that I didn’t expect them to plan it out for so long!"

"That Golden fire tree was only grown so tall after many years of painstaking cultivation, could it be that it is going to be taken over and devoured by them?" Yu Weizhou said.

"Definitely not, we have to stop them. If we let them take control of these divine trees, their strength will definitely rise to another level. When that happens, it will be even more difficult for us to deal with them." Chen Xiang said: "The people from the Beast-creation Race are already here, but their actions have yet to begin!"

"If the Beast-creation Race wants to truly obtain the Divine Tree, they must first agree to the elders inside it, allowing them to possess the power of the Beast-creation Race, the power to devour the leaves on the Divine Tree."

It was not easy to obtain the Beast-creation Race’s bloodline, Chen Xiang was very clear about this, if not a large group of elders would have started to eat the leaves long ago! And the experts of Fire-creation Sacred Race and God-creation Race would also be more unrestrained by the Chuangyuan key.

The current Beast-creation Race is only starting to develop!

Yu Weizhou nodded, and said: "We must join hands with the others!"

"Elder Yu, your injuries have almost recovered. How about this, I’ll go to Zuo Xingfeng, you go find someone else." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, this is something that I communicated with Zuo Xingfeng, if we get near, the leaf will float, and I will bring you to him." Yu Weizhou passed Chen Xiang a light golden leaf, as if it was made of gold.

"Alright, I’ll go look for him now. You guys have to take care of yourselves!" Chen Xiang patted Yu Lirong’s shoulder.

"Elder Brother Shen, you have to be careful as well." At this time, Yu Lirong really admired Chen Xiang, he was able to concoct pills that could help him cultivate Divine Origin Qi.

... ....

Chen Xiang immediately went on his way to look for Zuo Xingfeng.

"My master will definitely be fine." Hu Jingyuan was also very worried inside the Six Realms mirrors.

Chen Xiang originally only wanted to go to the Golden fire tree to look for Yu Weizhou, but he didn’t think that so many things would happen.

"Maybe the Ke Yunxing from before would cooperate with the Beast-creation Race as well." Chen Xiang replied: "It’s just that this guy was killed by us."

"It can’t be wrong." Hu Jingyuan snorted: "It’s all because of this bastard. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have ended up like this."

When Hu Jingyuan saw that Chen Xiang had successfully cultivated God’s Origin Qi, he felt a lot more at ease. At least, this time, when he was training his new technique, he would not encounter any difficulties, he just needed Chen Xiang’s help.

Yu Weizhou had told him a few clues about Zuo Xingfeng’s location before.

"In the past, they were all in the same region." Chen Xiang used a few days of time to arrive at this mountain range. He discovered that many mountains had collapsed and the ground was covered with cracks.

"Zuo Xingfeng is not here!"

Chen Xiang took out that leaf, but the leaf did not float up.

"If Master was still alive, he definitely wouldn’t have gone to this place where the battle had happened. He must have gone to some other place. Should we take a look at the area where the Purple fire tree were?" Hu Jingyuan said.

"Alright!"

Chen Xiang immediately went, and on the way, Xiao Xianglin came out of You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Chen Xiang, that Legendary mantra’s Paternoster soul stone." Xiao Xianglin handed a Paternoster soul stone over to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang excitedly ate it, then smiled: What Incantation is this?

"profoundfeng Mantra!" Xiao Xianglin said: "This incantation is very strange, it can change your body into a gust of wind and move quickly, and you can also release strong wind when you attack, this kind of wind can fuse with different types of energy."

"Oh?" Chen Xiang closed his eyes, trying to feel the profoundfeng Mantra. After that, he casually swung his palm, releasing a very berserk wind.

"It really is terrifying!"

Chen Xiang exclaimed as he looked at the gale that was moving far away. Then, he struck out with a gust of wind again.

A large area of fire was engulfed by the wind brought by the raging roars, turning the ground into a sea of fire and turning into ashes wherever it went.

"When in battle, you can display strength that is not weak! As for turning him into the wind ... You can try. " With that said, Xiao Xianglin entered the You Yao Mountain Villa.

Chen Xiang withdrew his Six Realms mirrors and with a thought, he felt himself becoming very, very light before quickly floating. The speed at which he was flying was shockingly even faster than when his Six Realms mirrors was flying.

"I wonder if it can penetrate some barrier or something?" Chen Xiang asked Xiao Xianglin: "Sure, right now you are the wind ... As long as it’s not a spirit formation or a spirit formation to block the wind, you can easily enter it. Furthermore, after you transform into the wind, you will no longer have any other auras. "

"This Legendary mantra is really powerful!" Before, even if Chen Xiang was invisible, he would have still revealed an extremely weak aura. Furthermore, his penetrating abilities were no longer effective, as many enchantments were not so easy to penetrate.

After Chen Xiang turned into a gust of wind, he only used one day to arrive at the area where the Purple fire tree were.

He approached the Purple fire tree and took out a golden leaf.

The golden leaf floated above his palm.

"Great, Zuo Xingfeng is here, why didn’t I think of that before?" Chen Xiang immediately followed the direction that the golden leaf pointed to.

Half a day later, he came to the side of a river, where many different sized boats were anchored. When Chen Xiang boarded a boat, everyone inside immediately became vigilant.

"Who is it?" A low voice full of vigilance sounded.

"Senior Zuo, I am Chen Xiang! Old Man Yu told me to come find you. " Chen Xiang revealed that piece of golden leaf.

A short, skinny old man in a black robe and hood peeked his head out of the cabin. He was extremely excited when he saw the golden leaf.

"What happened to Old Yu now? Is he still alive? " Zuo Xingfeng waved his hand, producing a suction force that dragged Chen Xiang into the cabin of the ship, and then the boat started to move.

"He’s still alive. He was originally severely injured, but I’ve already cured him." Chen Xiang laughed.

"You are the young Pill God who cured Li Rong! "My apologies!" Zuo Xingfeng also admired Chen Xiang a lot because he could not do anything about Yu Lirong’s strange injuries from before. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Chen Xiang immediately let Hu Jingyuan out.

"Master!" When Hu Jingyuan saw Zuo Xingfeng, he immediately broke down in tears and told Zuo Xingfeng about his and Meng Tianhao’s evil deeds.