Zuo Xingfeng sighed, patted Hu Jingyuan’s head and said: "Amongst all of my disciples, you are the most honest one! The other guys. All of them betrayed me, these bastards. Ke Yunxing this bastard is also a beast slave! "Good kill!"

Just like Yu Weizhou, Zuo Xingfeng was also a person who was unwilling to surrender to the Beast-creation Race. He was slightly better off than Yu Weizhou.

"Master, you and I were worried about you. I thought you wanted Elder Yu to suffer the same injury." Hu Jingyuan said.

"I wasn’t as aggressive as him, so I didn’t fight with those guys. Old Yu probably killed a few guys and was also heavily injured. It’s a good thing we met some experts, if not he might have left before me." Zuo Xingfeng looked at Chen Xiang with admiration.

"Old Zuo, I’ll leave Old Hu to you!" Chen Xiang said: "I will give him some pills, so that his breakthrough will be much smoother later on."

"Then I can’t thank you enough." Zuo Xingfeng said.

"Master, Chen Xiang used the pills he refined to cultivate his Divine Origin Qi ... Oh right, he used the big leaves on the divine tree to refine pills. " Hu Jingyuan said.

"Really? I have also refined those leaves before, so I can definitely extract a lot of elements that can help people cultivate Divine Origin Qi. It’s just that my abilities are limited and I got too little of each leaf, so I gave up in the end. " Zuo Xingfeng said.

After that, Chen Xiang told Zuo Xingfeng about his experience in refining the leaf, and discussed it with him. Zuo Xingfeng had a very unique insight in this area, which had benefited Chen Xiang greatly, and felt that if he changed his method in the future, he might be able to refine fewer leaves, and could achieve the same result.

Zuo Xingfeng also found the way to refine the leaf. He felt that he could also refine the leaf into a pill to help others break through.

Unknowingly, Chen Xiang and Zuo Xingfeng had been discussing things for two days and two nights, and Hu Jingyuan, who was listening at the side, suddenly had an epiphany.

"Elder Zuo, I heard from Elder Yu that you have studied Tree soul. I’m in a hurry to find Tree soul." Chen Xiang said.

Zuo Xingfeng was a pill master, and was one of the upper echelons of the Purple fire tree.

"I have been researching Tree soul for a very long time! The Tree soul was sealed a long time ago, so I am not proficient in sealing formations, so I do not know how to remove the seal. But over the years, I have obtained some information from the sealed Tree soul. " When Zuo Xingfeng talked about this matter, he was also very interested.

"What message?" I feel that Tree soul must be very powerful. If we can help the Tree soul break the seal, the Tree soul might be able to control the divine tree and prevent it from being taken over by the Beast-creation Race. " Chen Xiang said.

"There is indeed such a possibility!" Zuo Xingfeng nodded: "The hidden strength of the nine divine trees is extremely terrifying. If the Tree soul is free, it will be of help to us."

"It’s not easy to release all nine Tree soul s from the divine tree!" Hu Jingyuan sighed.

"NO!" There’s no need to enter the divine tree! " Zuo Xingfeng had a mysterious look on his face as he said: "From the information I obtained from the Tree soul, the nine divine trees are the same. And the ones sealed within the nine divine trees are all just the avatars of the Tree soul. The sealed original body is not here. " 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

When Chen Xiang and Hu Jingyuan heard this, they both jumped in fright. The Tree soul was actually hiding such a secret.

"As long as you remove the seal on the Tree soul’s body, then even if the Tree soul’s avatar is intact, it shouldn’t be too much of a problem." Zuo Xingfeng said.

"Master, where is the Tree soul?" Hu Jingyuan asked.

"I don’t know, the sealed Tree soul is asleep, only the Tree soul knows." Zuo Xingfeng shook his head: "Maybe we can try to go among the Purple fire tree and release the Tree soul."

"Let me try!" You guys wait for me here. " Chen Xiang said.

"I’ll tell you the location of the seal on the Tree soul." Zuo Xingfeng immediately told Chen Xiang the location.

After Chen Xiang memorized the location, he left the ship and turned into a gust of wind, flying towards the Purple fire tree.

If it was before, it would not be so easy for him to enter the Purple fire tree, but now using the profoundfeng Mantra, it would be much easier.

Chen Xiang quickly entered the Purple fire tree’s room and quickly arrived at the place where the Tree soul was sealed. This was a secret room that was protected by many enchantments, and there were a lot of people watching from outside.

Chen Xiang then turned into a weak gust of wind and entered the room, passing through a few cracks to arrive inside the secret room. Then, he knocked out the seal on an elder who was guarding the room.

In the middle of the secret room, there was a large purple pearl, but the pearl did not give off any light at all.

"Feng Yuan, try it!" Chen Xiang called He Fengyuan out.

When He Fengyuan saw the large purple pearl, he was extremely excited and quickly walked over.

"This bead is just a seal. It won’t be easy to break it open." Once Xiao Xianglin came out, he frowned and said: "Moreover, he used multiple Legendary mantra s, so I won’t be able to break through them in a short period of time."

"Let me try and see if I can receive any information from this Tree soul." He Fengyuan pressed a hand on the pearl and closed her eyes. She had a very strong reaction towards the souls inside the flowers and trees, and now that she was in contact with the Tree soul of a divine tree at such a close distance, she could sense it even more clearly.

He Fengyuan frowned even more.

"I know where my main body is now!" He Fengyuan said: "They aren’t in the Medicine-creation Divine Continent. I know of a location and I’ll point them in the right direction."

"Alright, I’ll go back and say my farewells to Elder Zuo before leaving." Chen Xiang said.

Chen Xiang returned to the boat, and after informing Zuo Xingfeng, he quickly followed He Fengyuan’s instructions and flew out of Medicine-creation Divine Continent.

"I wonder when Beast-creation Race will come." Chen Xiang was a little worried: "Medicine-creation Divine Continent is truly a good place, I don’t want to see it get ruined."

"We must find a way to restrain the Beast-creation Race." Xiao Xianglin said.

He Fengyuan led the way, and a few days later, Chen Xiang found that this road was very familiar.

"This is the way to the altar!" Chen Xiang shouted in shock: "The altar where the God-creation Race Emperor is sealed!"

He Fengyuan had actually led Chen Xiang here.

"Could it be inside the altar?" He Fengyuan said in shock.

"I don’t know!" "Let’s go take a look first." Chen Xiang immediately had a lot of guesses in his heart. The heaven defying recovery ability of the God-creation Race Emperor might have been obtained from the nine divine trees.

On the way there, Chen Xiang met Ah Ying, the servant of the God-creation Race Emperor.

"Senior Ying!" After Chen Xiang saw Ah Ying, he had changed into his original form.

"Chen Xiang, you’re here again?" When Ah Ying saw Chen Xiang, his face was filled with surprise, because Chen Xiang had already cultivated out Divine Origin Qi, and this Divine Origin Qi was even stronger.