Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang also felt that it was not bad when he met Ah Ying. He had already determined that the place He Fengyuan would guide him to would be the sealed altar within the God-creation Race. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Yes, how is First Beast-creation Ancestor now?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s the same as before. Did you come to save him?" Seeing Chen Xiang’s strength increase so much, Ah Ying thought so.

"I don’t know if it’ll work, but I’ll give it a try!" Before, when Chen Xiang cultivated his Divine Origin Qi, he had thought of this. Now that he was here, he wanted to try it out.

"Then you must be careful." Ah Ying could only place his hopes on Chen Xiang now.

"Yes, I will do my best." Chen Xiang immediately headed towards the altar.

When he got close, he didn’t go over, but released 3 images.

"Senior!" Chen Xiang shouted, "I’m Chen Xiang, I’m coming again!"

"Did you bring any good news?" The First Beast-creation Ancestor laughed.

First Beast-creation Ancestor was still the same as before, the meat on his body was being chewed on by many beasts.

"I have already cultivated out the Divine Origin Qi." Chen Xiang said: "Do you think I can save you now?"

Chen Xiang looked at the nine holes on the ground in front of the First Beast-creation Ancestor. As long as he pierced the nine Chuangyuan key s into the hole, the First Beast-creation Ancestor would be able to break the seal.

"It’s hard to say!" First Beast-creation Ancestor said: "You are indeed very strong, but the person you are facing is someone who has cultivated and produced World Defying Stage Divine Source. This is different from someone who only possesses Divine Qi. That guy is much stronger."

"You should have felt that guy’s strength last time, so you should think about it carefully!" But my suggestion is that you cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source first, because there might be more than one guy here!

"Alright!" Chen Xiang thought about it carefully and decided to give up for the time being. If there were a few fellows from the Initial God-creation Realm, it would be even harder for him to run away.

"There’s another reason why I’m here this time." Chen Xiang said: "Senior, do you know about Tree soul?"

"Have you been to the Medicine-creation Divine Continent?" First Beast-creation Ancestor was surprised.

"Yes, I went to Medicine-creation Divine Continent! Beast-creation Race is also paying attention to that place, the situation there isn’t good. " Chen Xiang gritted his teeth and said: "The Beast-creation Race wants to occupy that area! Senior, how much do you know about this matter? "

"The Tree soul is indeed inside this altar!" The First Beast-creation Ancestor said, "Once the Beast-creation Race takes over the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, it will be dangerous."

"How dangerous is it?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"Beast-creation Race’s strength will increase by leaps and bounds. Their devouring ability can quickly devour the power of the divine tree, and those nine divine trees are the ancestors of the flower trees in Most Ancient Era." The First Beast-creation Ancestor said, "Try it and see if you can enter the altar."

Chen Xiang came to the back of the altar, where there was a small door.

"Is it really okay to go in like this?" The last time Chen Xiang stepped onto the altar, a guy came down from the Initial God-creation Realm and almost killed him.

"I don’t know either, so I need you to give it a try." First Beast-creation Ancestor said, "You have your own clones. If you use your clones, there shouldn’t be any problems."

Chen Xiang did not use his clone, but used a Mouse Man to go over.

There were many savage beasts inside the small door. Mouse Man was killed the moment he entered the door, but now he was sure that the people inside the door wouldn’t be attracted inside.

Chen Xiang immediately ordered a clone to go over.

After the doppelganger entered, a black fierce tiger pounced over.

Chen Xiang sent the tiger flying with a punch, then quickly retreated out of the small door, because there were a lot of beasts inside.

"It seems that only by going onto the altar will those fellows from the Initial God-creation Realm appear." His original body had also come to the back of the altar, and many of the black Evil beast above the altar rushed down one after another, wanting to attack Chen Xiang.

These Evil beast s were just released, if they did not eat First Beast-creation Ancestor’s flesh not long ago, they would be extremely weak. Chen Xiang could kill a large number of them with one punch.

"It’s best not to kill all of these Evil beast." The First Beast-creation Ancestor shouted, "If we were to be killed, it might alarm the people inside the Initial God-creation Realm."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang immediately released an array disc, sealed a large portion of the Evil beast, and then entered the altar.

There was a path within the altar that led deep underground. Chen Xiang carefully walked along this path and then used his illusory body to converse with the First Beast-creation Ancestor.

"Why is the Tree soul sealed?" Chen Xiang felt that this matter was most likely done by someone from the Initial God-creation Realm.

"If it is not sealed, then the nine divine trees will be able to control their powers and not be devoured!" The First Beast-creation Ancestor replied, "You don’t know, back then, there were many people who absorbed the power of the nine divine trees. This was the way they used to cultivate and produce the World Defying Stage Divine Source."

The nine divine trees had been sealed inside by nine soul fragments a long time ago. It turned out that this was done by the earliest batch of people.

"How did they absorb the energy from the nine trees?" Chen Xiang asked: "This seems to be something only your Beast-creation Race can do!"

Yes, only us Beast-creation Race can do that, they have to absorb it through us, the Beast-creation Race, so it’s hard for me to explain the details. In short, you have to quickly stop the Beast-creation Race, or else when that group of lawless people becomes strong, the Most Ancient Era will be destroyed. First Beast-creation Ancestor was very worried about this matter.

As Chen Xiang walked through the pitch-black tunnel, he would occasionally encounter some poisonous snakes, but they would all get burnt to death by him.

At the end of the passage was a wall. Using his piercing ability, he was able to easily pierce through and arrive at a stone room filled with nine colors of brilliance.

In the middle was the sealed Tree soul, a large pearl that shone with a nine colors light.

"This is the Tree soul. How do I remove the seal?" Chen Xiang let Xiao Xianglin and Feng Ke’er out.

After Xiao Xianglin and Feng Ke’er looked at it, they also began to move. They held onto the array disc, and started to circle around the pearl.

"We need to destroy the connection of the incantations. This will help the Tree soul wake up." Xiao Xianglin said: "For a soul body like this, if it was sealed for a long period of time, it would definitely fall asleep."

"Alright!"

Chen Xiang called out the two clones and at the same time, allowed them to hover above the altar, observing their surroundings.

"Senior, are all the people in Initial God-creation Realm who cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source?" Chen Xiang asked: "Are there many of those inside?"

"There should be quite a few of them. Back then, those nine divine trees were extremely huge, but after being devoured by them for a period of time, they had become very small and were on the verge of death. That’s why Tao-creation Divine Lord had no choice but to use some methods to stop them. The First Beast-creation Ancestor said.

"Strange, why didn’t you ancestors absorb the power of the divine trees? What about to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source? " asked, First Beast-creation Ancestor had previously said that his own cultivation was not very high. This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!