Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

If the Tao-creation Divine Lord cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, then many things definitely would not have happened.

"We, the ancestors, have been restricted to a certain extent ... Even the people who possess our bloodline are restricted by this restriction, but the Beast-creation Race is an anomaly, so even if the Beast-creation Race was stronger, he would have already been sealed by the Tao-creation Divine Lord! " The First Beast-creation Ancestor said, "In short, it will be difficult for me to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source." Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The nine-colored bead inside the secret room suddenly trembled and then flashed with light.

"Could it be that he woke up?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"It should be!" Xiao Xianglin anxiously retreated a few steps.

He Fengyuan came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa and began communicating with the Tree soul.

After a moment, Chen Xiang asked: "How is it?"

"The Tree soul is very angry right now. He has been sealed for so long and the divine tree has almost been drained of energy by someone. It almost caused his death." He Fengyuan said.

"Can he prevent the energy from being absorbed?" Chen Xiang asked.

"That’s fine!" He Fengyuan frowned: "It’s just that he said he can stop the divine tree from growing more leaves, stop flowers and fruits, and can no longer release any energy ... However, he cannot stop those beasts from directly biting into the divine tree. "

"If the beasts of Beast-creation Race were to eat the leaves of the divine tree directly, they would be able to obtain a lot of energy." Chen Xiang also felt that this was something that was difficult to stop, unless all nine of the Divine Trees had people protecting them.

"Let’s first let the Tree soul on the divine tree be free first." Chen Xiang said, "The divine tree needs someone to protect it. I need to go back and talk to Elder Yu and the others."

Xiao Xianglin and Feng Ke’er had already completely removed their seals, the Tree soul had disappeared in a flash, and should have returned back to the nine divine trees. As long as this main Tree soul was not sealed, the other Tree soul would be able to break through the seals.

Chen Xiang came out from the altar.

"Senior, the Beast-creation Race’s army might be entering the Medicine-creation Divine Continent very soon. They might not be able to easily absorb the energy from the divine tree, but they can directly eat it." Chen Xiang was very worried, because he didn’t have any ways to stop them right now.

"There’s nothing I can do right now. This requires all of you to join hands! If the divine tree is eaten, the Beast-creation Race will definitely become very strong, and at that time, it will be difficult for us to stop them. " The First Beast-creation Ancestor sighed: "I am also sealed here, there is no way."

Chen Xiang looked at the steps that led to the altar, clenched his teeth, and immediately rushed over.

As soon as he stepped onto the first step, he felt spatial fluctuations approaching him.

A golden-robed man appeared. It was the man from before.

"It’s you again! That’s great! This time, I will definitely not let you go, hahaha ... ..." The golden-robed man laughed loudly.

"You haunting bastard!" Chen Xiang clenched his teeth and took out his Heavenly magic sword.

The golden robed man had cultivated World Defying Stage Divine Source, and the divine origin energy that he had released was much stronger. The last time he had been stopped by Chen Xiang’s Red fire dragon explosion, he had not been able to catch Chen Xiang for a period of time.

Chen Xiang felt that defeating this fellow would be very difficult. After all, this fellow had cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source!

The golden robed man didn’t use a weapon and instantly moved in front of Chen Xiang, fiercely punching towards Chen Xiang’s nose.

The Six Realms mirrors flashed out, and when the golden-robed man’s fist landed on the Six Realms mirrors, it activated a burst of berserk power that rushed out, causing the golden-robed man to be blown away by the explosive force.

Chen Xiang was also sent flying by the impact, but he was not injured at all. It was just that the Six Realms mirrors had been refined using the Explosive Shock Divine Stones before, and was able to produce a stronger explosive force.

"Damnable fellow. His strength is so weak, yet he was able to cause me to appear so miserable!" The golden robed man was furious and teleported again. This time, he released a very strong Time and space power and trapped Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang didn’t have enough control over space and time, he couldn’t even use teleportation smoothly. In the past, the other things he could use were only in the world, but now, he was being used to restrict himself.

"Is it over?" Chen Xiang was unable to move at the moment. Looking at the fist that carried death and destruction rushing towards him, he could not help but feel despair.

Suddenly, a ball of nine colored light appeared and wrapped around the golden-robed male.

Chen Xiang was shocked, it was actually a Tree soul!

"The chance has come!" Chen Xiang immediately rushed over, and thrusted his sword at the golden-clothed man, directly attacking his opponent’s Divine Sense Sea, then madly slapping the golden-clothed man’s head with his Six Realms mirrors.

Chen Xiang allowed the three Red fire dragon s to merge together, and after that, they fused with his arm, transforming into a scarlet dragon arm, he punched towards the golden-clothed man’s head. This angry dragon energy poured into the golden-clothed man’s Divine Sense Sea, causing the golden-clothed man to let out a miserable cry.

"I destroyed his World Defying Stage Divine Source!" Chen Xiang was shocked, he never expected that the Tree soul would appear so suddenly, and with such power, it could tightly seal the man in gold.

The golden-robed man was not dead yet, and Chen Xiang did not kill him. If the golden-clothed man died, then there might be someone stronger.

"Don’t come over here anymore. If you continue coming up here, there will definitely be other guys coming over. Your luck is quite good for you to be able to deal with this guy." The First Beast-creation Ancestor said: "When you go back and cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source, you’ll definitely be able to save me."

"That’s the only way!" Chen Xiang looked at the ball of nine colored light that had scattered. This time, the Tree soul was really going to return.

The reason why Chen Xiang came here was to save the Tree soul, he had already succeeded, but he could not bear to see the First Beast-creation Ancestor being tormented like this.

"I believe that you will definitely be able to resist the Beast-creation Race." The First Beast-creation Ancestor laughed.

"Hm!" Senior, the next time I come, will be when you are free. " After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he quickly flew. He did not look for Ah Ying, but instead headed towards the Medicine God Mountain Villa.

When Chen Xiang came to the Medicine God Mountain Villa, he had immediately felt Han Xiaoying’s and Jing Yun’er’s aura.

The last time the two girls were at the altar with Chen Xiang, they were almost killed. Now that Chen Xiang could see them, the worry in his heart was put down.

"Big sister Yun, Xiaoying!" Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s good that you guys are fine!"

"We were worried about you." Jing Yun’er laughed.

"Oh right, did Beast-creation Race make any moves during this period of time?" Chen Xiang asked the Medicine God.

"No, but it’s been very quiet during this period of time." The Medicine God frowned and said, "These two ladies have made other discoveries."

Jing Yun’er said, "Beast-creation Race’s actions are extremely astonishing. In a large group of beasts, a Beast King would suddenly appear, and then, this Beast King would devour its own kind.

"When a group of beasts slaughters and devours everything in its path, this sort of situation will occur when it reaches a certain level of strength."