Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

As long as the beasts ate each other, they could become very strong. After all, the beasts of Beast-creation Race all had this ability.

"Now, with this method, many powerful fellows have appeared." Jing Yun’er said: "They seem to be planning for a big operation, it’s just that they haven’t started yet!"

"Chen Xiang, where have you been all this time?" Han Xiaoying asked.

"I went to a place called Medicine-creation Divine Continent." Chen Xiang said.

"Medicine-creation Divine Continent? You actually managed to find it. I have only heard of it before and have never gone there. " Jing Yun’er said: "At that time, I heard that there were nine divine trees inside, and they were extremely important to Most Ancient Era."

When Chen Xiang told them the situation inside, the Medicine God and the others were extremely shocked.

"Looks like the Beast-creation Race’s plan is to attack the Medicine-creation Divine Continent." Jing Yun’er said: "This is bad!"

"Yes, I’ll head back to Medicine-creation Divine Continent first." Chen Xiang said: "You guys wait here, maybe the Beast-creation Race will make a move on two sides. The first is to attack the cities here, those beasts can devour the humans to obtain great power, and humans are like food in their eyes."

"We know, we’ve always been defending them." The Medicine God said.

... ....

Chen Xiang anxiously went to Medicine-creation Divine Continent, and after coming to Medicine-creation Divine Continent, he went to look for Zuo Xingfeng.

He answered. After finding Zuo Xingfeng on the leaf, he told him about the Tree soul’s situation.

"At least for now, I won’t let Beast-creation Race absorb Most Ancient Era’s energy through the nine divine trees." Zuo Xingfeng said: "The Tree soul has already returned, those elders in the divine tree now won’t be able to get their hands on it that easily!"

"Elder Zuo, how’s the progress on your side?" Chen Xiang had heard Zuo Xingfeng say before that he was going to look for the elders from the other divine trees who had the same goal as him.

"My side is progressing quite well. All the elders of the divine trees have sincerely protected the divine tree. Now, we can secretly recruit a group of warriors. Then, we will first take down a divine tree." Zuo Xingfeng said: "I will also go see Old Yu. He has recovered quite well, he is moving like me."

"That’s good!" Chen Xiang revealed a smile.

"Don’t worry, you’ve already helped us a lot." Zuo Xingfeng laughed: "Right now, we need to form an alliance to fight against the traitors within the trees."

"The enchantment around our Medicine-creation Divine Continent is not just for show. If the Beast-creation Race wants to attack, it won’t be that easy. We still have a lot of time to prepare."

Chen Xiang thought for a while, then said: "Senior, what do you think of my current strength? Can the elders inside the trees beat me? "

"I can’t beat him!" Zuo Xingfeng laughed: "So, what do you want to do, you have the guts to do it!"

Medicine-creation Divine Continent was a very good place, where everything was better, and there were even nine divine trees.

These nine divine trees could help a person cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source.

"I want to recruit a few more people here. I might need senior’s help." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Tell me about your plan." Zuo Xingfeng knew that Chen Xiang had pretty good pill formulas. With his rallying powers, he could definitely attract a lot of people.

"I can use my pill to quickly raise the cultivation of many people. That way, we can form a powerful force in a short period of time." Chen Xiang said: "It’s just that it requires a lot of Time Formation."

"You don’t have to worry about that." Zuo Xingfeng laughed, "I will deal with the Time Formation and the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals. We really need to expand our power urgently right now."

"Elder Zuo, I’ve been in the Medicine-creation Divine Continent for a long time, but I’ve never seen what a medicinal master is like." Chen Xiang laughed: "I wonder if you know how to create medicine? Old Hu said that the creator of this place is very powerful! "

"The so-called Creation Medicines mean that there is a group of people here. They are born with an ability, and this ability allows many different medicinal plants to fuse into a new type of medicinal plant." Zuo Xingfeng said: "I know how to refine pills, but no one is proficient in it, and fusing the ingredients together will be much easier."

"So that’s how it is. I remember Old Hu saying that he created some medicinal materials out of thin air." Chen Xiang said.

If it was said that the Mei Jing Sisters and the others knew how to fuse with new medicinal ingredients long ago, and now that He Fengyuan had joined them, they were even more proficient in this area.

"Don’t listen to his nonsense. He doesn’t understand anything." Zuo Xingfeng laughed, "Medicinal ingredients were originally nurtured by the earth, and can be grown into countless types. Later on, through us Alchemist s, we used different types of medicinal ingredients to combine and create a strange fusion, allowing us to release an even stronger energy."

"Old Zuo, do you have any Spirit Communication Pills?" I want to buy one! " Chen Xiang said with a smile, there was still one more kind of Legendary mantra that Xiao Xianglin had yet to learn.

"I happen to have one here. Here you are." Zuo Xingfeng generously gave Chen Xiang a legendary Spirit Communication Pill.

Chen Xiang then told Zuo Xingfeng about his own Peak dan and his own Legendary god Dan. Zuo Xingfeng was extremely impressed with these abilities, because these were pills that could allow a person to breakthrough quickly.

"If we can get people into the legendary realm very quickly, this pill would definitely be very popular here." Zuo Xingfeng said: "Chen Xiang, I heard your nonsense. You previously wanted to give the Peak dan s’ pill formulas, right?"

"En!" Chen Xiang said.

"One hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals!" Zuo Xingfeng said: "I’ll buy it!"

After all, he was a very strong Pill God here.

Chen Xiang straightforwardly sold the Peak dan’s pill formulas and Flying Dan grain to Zuo Xingfeng. This was his second time selling it.

"Chen Xiang, if you can, can you refine more Legendary god Dan and sell them to me?" Zuo Xingfeng said, he knew that the Legendary god Dan’s pill formula could not be given out.

"No problem... Old Zuo, do you have any way to get the Holy Fruit of the Divine Tree? " Chen Xiang really wanted to get one of them to see. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"I don’t have one on hand, but if you want one, you can buy one. It would cost about two hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals, and those traitors have some on hand." Zuo Xingfeng said.

"Isn’t this giving them the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals?" Chen Xiang said.

"There’s nothing we can do about it." Zuo Xingfeng sighed: "Unless we take down a divine tree!"

Now that the Tree soul had returned, he felt that he could let He Fengyuan find the Tree soul and ask if there were any other ways to get a fruit of it.

At night, Chen Xiang arrived at a high point above the Purple fire tree and stopped on a tree branch, allowing He Fengyuan to come out.

The Tree soul had already been unsealed. As long as He Fengyuan touched the big tree, he would be able to communicate with the Tree soul.

A moment later, He Fengyuan said in pleasant surprise: "The Tree soul said, there is a place to prepare the result. Right now, those fellows are unable to find out the movements of the divine tree through the Tree soul, so they do not know the exact time of the result."

"But there must be someone guarding the place where flowers bloom!" Chen Xiang said.

"There are people guarding them, but there won’t be too many of them. With your strength, it’s not a problem to take them down." He Fengyuan said: "Let’s go, I’ll bring you to the flower garden."