Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang arrived at a place where the Purple fire tree were relatively higher. He was still a distance away from the flower when he sensed a strong aura.

"Right now I’m not in a hurry to go over, I’ll first release my illusion and go out to take a look." After Chen Xiang’s illusion flew out, he searched for the person hiding in the surroundings. At the same time, he also saw the flower.

The leaves and trunk of the Purple fire tree were very big, but the flowers that bloomed were relatively small. Although this flower could stand for dozens of people, it was still too small compared to those huge leaves.

If one were to look from afar, this flower seemed like a small cluster of purple flames, and in the dark night, it looked like a purple dot of light.

"When will the result be?" Chen Xiang asked He Fengyuan.

"Around five days!" But nobody knows how many months they think it will take. " He Fengyuan said: "Just now, I communicated with the Tree soul. The Tree soul told me, he said he could get the result in advance."

Now, the spies in the Beast-creation Race in the nine divine trees all knew that the Tree soul had been unsealed. Thus, they could no longer control the various subtle changes in the divine trees like they did before.

Especially the accurate timing of the results of the divine tree, which would cause them a lot of inconvenience. They had been used to controlling the divine tree for so many years, but now it had suddenly out of their control, causing them to not know what to do for a moment.

Chen Xiang patiently waited. At the same time, he would also be able to understand the cultivation levels and positions of the people guarding this place. At that time, it would be even easier for him to get his hands on them.

After a few days, He Fengyuan suddenly reminded Chen Xiang.

"The result will be very fast and very sudden." He Fengyuan said, "Initially, it was like that flower shining with a purple light, then the entire flower would turn into a purple mist, and then the mist would condense into a fruit."

"How long does this process usually take?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It will be completed in a moment!" He Fengyuan said: "It might be faster, what you need to do is to immediately take away the fruits after the results."

"Alright, I’m ready now!" Chen Xiang immediately used his profoundfeng Mantra to turn himself into a gust of wind and flew over.

He Fengyuan was calculating the time.

"It’s starting!" Just as He Fengyuan finished speaking, Chen Xiang saw the purple flower below suddenly shine with a dazzling light.

Chen Xiang could see everything very clearly from up above.

"It looks like it’s burning!" Chen Xiang saw that those beautiful purple flower petals were burning on themselves, turning into purple mist, and then condensing into many balls of air.

This process was indeed very quick. Chen Xiang had only just seen the flower below emit a purple light, then quickly produced a large amount of purple mist, which then condensed into balls of things.

"The result, the result!" Suddenly, someone shouted. It was someone from around here.

It only took the time of ten breaths for the purple flower to disappear, and more than fifty purple fruits appeared below.

"It’s all mine!" Chen Xiang instantly swept away all the fruits, and then turned into a gust of wind, escaping from those people.

After Chen Xiang floated away, he heard a burst of angry curses coming from behind him. It was obvious that the clan elders who had rushed over and discovered that the fruits were missing, they became furious and scolded the people in charge of taking care of them.

Chen Xiang had already flown away from the Purple fire tree and landed in a place with fewer people.

"Feng Yuan, why are there only fifty or so fruits?" Chen Xiang asked: "Shouldn’t there be more than 100 of them?"

"That’s the early result, but the quality of these fruits won’t be that bad." He Fengyuan said.

Chen Xiang took out a fruit that was as big as a watermelon. It looked like a purple gemstone and radiated a weak purple glow.

"This fruit is truly beautiful. Even I am unwilling to refine it myself." Chen Xiang laughed mischievously: "Next time, if there are any other divine trees that have results, you can tell me. I will go and pluck them all."

Chen Xiang’s journey could be said to be extremely smooth, and he did not encounter any obstacles.

"Why don’t you try and see what the effects of refining these fruits will be like?" He Fengyuan said: "Right, this can be fused with the leaves to be refined."

"It’s just that it’s not good to concoct pills with just the Holy Fruit of the Divine Tree. It would be great if it could be combined with some other medicinal ingredients." Chen Xiang said: "How about I find Elder Zuo and have him borrow some good herbs for me?"

"En, I want to see if there are any medicinal herbs that can perfectly fuse with this sacred fruit." He Fengyuan said.

Chen Xiang found Zuo Xingfeng.

Zuo Xingfeng had a lot of good medicines, and those medicines were all legendary divine medicines.

"These are all high-grade legendary medicines that contain faint traces of divine energy. The pills that are refined can be more beneficial to one’s cultivation of divine energy." Zuo Xingfeng gave Chen Xiang more than ten types of medicinal herbs. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Chen Xiang was only borrowing it.

Xiao Xianglin had already eaten the Legendary Pill that Zuo Xingfeng had given him before, and started to learn the last Legendary mantra.

After getting those ingredients, He Fengyuan went into the Time array to choose the right herbs.

"Old Hu, you look good!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"If I could cultivate the same Divine Origin Qi as before, I would look even better." He was still a little worried that he would not be able to reach his previous peak of strength.

"Someone had previously discovered a strange beast on top of the Purple fire tree, it wasn’t a common poisonous insect or Poisonous beast." Zuo Xingfeng replied, "He should be from Beast-creation Race."

"On the Purple fire tree?" Chen Xiang immediately looked towards the Purple fire tree.

The Purple fire tree had just stolen the divine tree sacred fruit, so the people inside were extremely nervous. The entire divine tree was under martial law, strictly investigating the people inside.

"Yes, I wonder if he was inside the Purple fire tree or if he came later." Zuo Xingfeng said: "Chen Xiang, if it’s convenient for you right now, go and kill this beast."

"Alright, I’ll go take a look."

Chen Xiang had to wait for He Fengyuan to create the pill formula now, so he was relatively free.

Just like before, Chen Xiang turned into a gust of wind and quickly arrived at the top of the Purple fire tree.

"I wonder if it’s a flying type one!" Chen Xiang also did not know what that Beast Creation looked like, and Zuo Xingfeng himself had not seen it before either.

Zuo Xingfeng actually knew that the Purple fire tree had stolen the Divine Tree Holy Fruit that he had just bore.

"Who was the one who raised the beasts?" Chen Xiang searched for a long time but still couldn’t find it. He guessed that this beast might be hiding inside a big tree.

The Purple fire tree was so huge, there were many tree holes on it, it was not easy to find the beast.