Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang thought about it and decided to refine a batch of pills. Previous Chapter

"These beasts should be very sensitive to pure energy. As long as I have refined a few of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals before, I can make the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals release the energy from within. It will give rise to an aura that should be able to attract that beast."

Chen Xiang quickly finished refining the pill and then placed it on top of a large tree branch.

Six hours later, Chen Xiang finally felt the familiar aura of a beast.

"It’s finally here!" Chen Xiang summoned his Six Realms mirrors s.

Last time when he was dealing with that giant eagle, he wanted to catch it alive, but there were too many people watching at that time, so he couldn’t display too much strength himself, so he could only use a crude method to end that giant eagle.

But this time, he was going to capture a beast.

The beast that came was not very big, but it was not weak. It was a Golden-Armored Rhinoceros with wings. When it landed, it immediately swallowed the Tao-creation Holy Crystal that Chen Xiang had refined.

After swallowing it, Chen Xiang immediately controlled the Tao-creation Holy Crystal to explode, causing the rhinoceros to let out a furious scream as it flapped its wings and flew away.

"This guy’s strength isn’t bad, but he’s a little too stupid. He still hasn’t eaten anything." Chen Xiang immediately jumped down, using the Six Realms mirrors in his hands to ruthlessly pat the rhinoceros’s huge golden horn.

Boom! The explosive force from the Six Realms mirrors caused the rhinoceros to become dizzy and scurry around crazily. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"You’re still so arrogant, I’ll keep fighting!" Chen Xiang continued to use his Six Realms mirrors to beat up the rhinoceros. After a few fierce smashes, the rhinoceros could no longer hold on, and began to hiss and sway in place.

Chen Xiang immediately sealed the rhinoceros and threw it into the Six Realms mirrors.

"Who are you!" A purple-robed elder appeared from afar and shouted loudly. He had just witnessed Chen Xiang taking away the rhinoceros from afar.

"Who am I? What does it have to do with you?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"You ... "Hand over the rhinoceros." The purple-robed elder was extremely angry as he yelled, "You captured my rhinoceros!"

"What proof do you have that the rhinoceros is yours?" Chen Xiang laughed: "That rhinoceros is obviously mine, he is too playful. He came all the way from home, I only want to capture him now."

He could already see that the man in front of him did not have any intentions of handing over the rhinoceros. His face was gloomy and angry, he released his long blade and roared as he rushed towards Chen Xiang.

"Gale Dragon Fire!" Try my new move! " Chen Xiang spread open his palm and slapped towards the purple-robed elder through the air. At the same time, he used the power of profoundfeng Mantra and the Pressure mantra, combined with the power of the legendary dragon fire.

When these three energies fused together, they formed a rapid gale with scarlet flames, enveloping the purple-robed old man like a giant net.

When the purple-robed old man sensed the aura of the divine origin energy, he became terrified. He could already tell that Chen Xiang was an opponent of the same level, and her strength seemed to be much stronger than him.

The explosive flames that Chen Xiang released was accompanied by a burst of pressure, as though a huge net was attacking the purple-robed elder from all directions.

The crimson flames burned crazily, the strong winds were like flames that cut through the purple-robed old man’s body. He was enveloped by the flames, being pressed down from all directions.

"Ha!" The purple-robed elder had underestimated Chen Xiang’s strength. He roared, exploding his own Divine Origin Qi and deflecting the energy that was trying to imprison him.

The purple robed old man was truly worthy of being a person who cultivated the Divine Origin Qi, he had caused Chen Xiang’s Storm Dragon Flame to fly!

However, the Six Realms mirrors followed closely behind. Chen Xiang raised the Six Realms mirrors and smashed it down fiercely towards the purple-robed elder, making him lose his head, his eyes turned black, and floated in the air like a drunkard.

Bang!

Chen Xiang patted the purple-robed elder once more, causing him to faint. Afterwards, he threw the seal into the Six Realms mirrors, turned into a gust of wind, and flew away. Not long after he flew, many purple-robed elders rushed over. They were all wearing purple-colored robes, and each one of them cultivated out their own divine origin energy.

"Looks like there’s a very powerful fellow sneaking into the Purple fire tree!"

"What should we do? This guy is here without a trace, it’s hard for us to guard against him! "

"Now, we have an elder who has been captured. This is a huge loss of face!"

"We need to hurry up and inform the Beast-creation Race and get them to help us. If this goes on, we’ll all be in danger."

The Purple fire tree was too high, it would not be easy to use a barrier to protect them all. Furthermore, it would consume a lot of energy, which was extremely inconvenient.

"Master, can you search that guy’s memories?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, this guy has a very good memory protection." Xiao Xianglin sighed: "Forcefully searching would only cause his Divine Sense Sea to collapse."

"Then what should we do with him?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Kill him! If he wakes up, he might explode. " Xiao Xianglin said: "For a person like him to self-destruct inside the Six Realms mirrors is an extremely dangerous thing to do."

Chen Xiang could only take out the pill furnace and refine the purple robed elder.

"Where is that big rhinoceros?" Chen Xiang did not kill the beast.

"I’ll try!" Xiao Xianglin had already activated Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on the rhinoceros.

Not long after, Xiao Xianglin revealed a surprised look: "I found some useful memories! The big rhinoceros came to the Purple fire tree a long time ago, and there is indeed a beast nest within the Purple fire tree. "

"There is someone in the Purple fire tree that is using the blood of the Creator Beast and some poisonous flowers and herbs to cultivate some poisonous insects and Poisonous beast. The other divine trees should be in the same situation."

"Anything else useful?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Also, this rhinoceros is trying to see how fast its speed of improvement is." Xiao Xianglin said, "The big rhinoceros only came ten years ago. Back then, it was very weak, but it has already cultivated and produced a bit of Divine Qi."

"This speed of improvement can’t be considered slow." Chen Xiang was surprised: "How do you usually raise such a big rhinoceros?"

"Feed the leaves!" The one who reared the big rhinoceros is the purple-robed elder that you killed. He normally would make the huge Purple fire tree’s leaves small and then throw it to the big rhinoceros. "

Chen Xiang had to praise the absorption ability of these beasts, they could break through just by eating the leaves.

"There are a lot of leaves that we need to eat too." Xiao Xianglin continued: "Last time, when that giant eagle ran out, it was probably because it was too hungry."

Chen Xiang brought the big rhinoceros back to Zuo Xingfeng’s boat, and reported this matter to Zuo Xingfeng.

To Zuo Xingfeng, this was extremely useful information.

"These guys. All these poisonous insect Poisonous beast that have appeared over the years were actually raised by them. They have caused the death of quite a few people." Zuo Xingfeng scolded loudly: "I’ll definitely teach them a lesson in the future."