Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

He Fengyuan had already concocted the pill formulas, but she had only chosen one out of the many medicinal ingredients Zuo Xingfeng had given her. "Crap."

Chen Xiang returned the other pill formulas back to Zuo Xingfeng, then found a quiet place to refine pills.

"Although there’s only one medicinal ingredient, don’t think that it’s useless." He Fengyuan said: "According to my senses, if this Profound Armor was used to fuse with the sacred fruit, it would definitely produce a huge reaction, and would raise a lot in quality."

"Then I am relieved." Chen Xiang said: "I don’t know if the difficulty will increase."

"It shouldn’t be a problem for you." When He Fengyuan was combining the pill formulas, he had never considered the difficulty of refining the pills.

She knew that Chen Xiang’s pill refining skills were extremely high, even if it was difficult to refine, Chen Xiang had ways to fuse multiple medicinal ingredients.

When other Alchemist were combining their pill formulas, they would often need to carefully think about the difficulty of refining them. In order to refine them more easily, they would generally give up on the effects and pursue the easy process.

"What I am worried about now is the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals that will be used up when I awaken the Inscription." Chen Xiang still had more than two hundred million Tao-creation Divine Crystals on hand, but he felt that they would be used up very soon.

The Black Armored Ginseng was very special. There was a layer of scales on its surface that was very stiff and very heavy. It was the same size as a big radish, but it weighed over a thousand jin.

"We can just refine it like this without adding Leaves." He Fengyuan said: "Those leaves were originally meant to be used as support, and now with the Mysterious Armor Ginseng, it will produce a better effect."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang placed the profound armored ginseng and the purple colored fruit into the Tianchuang furnace, then released flames.

He Fengyuan had said it before, these two medicinal ingredients had a lot of tolerance towards fire, and could be refined using fierce fire from the very beginning.

"It really is very resistant to fire!" Chen Xiang released a strong wave of legendary dragon fire to burn. After a few days, there were no changes to the herbs inside.

"I’ve even used pressure, but it’s still so hard to burn." Chen Xiang had no choice but to release two clones to assist him.

Only after releasing his clone did he feel that his flames could slowly heat up the Mystic Armor Ginseng and the divine tree sacred fruit.

"Let’s try adding the power of the profoundfeng Mantra!" Chen Xiang activated the profoundfeng Mantra, releasing a gust of wind into the Tianchuang furnace, causing the flames to become even more exuberant, causing the flames to become a lot stronger.

Although a combination of multiple types of energy would make the fire even stronger, it would still take a long time for it to be completely incinerated.

"Looks like this will take a long time!" Chen Xiang closed his eyes and entered a very mysterious state to refine pills. In this state, he would only constantly release flames to burn, and he would also fall into a deep slumber, not feeling the passage of time.

When something happened inside the Tianchuang furnace, he would immediately wake up.

It was unknown how long Chen Xiang slept before he suddenly woke up because something happened inside the pill furnace.

"It’s almost done." Chen Xiang took in a deep breath and then began to use a large amount of pressure to squeeze the two crystals, Profound Armored Ginseng and the Purple fire tree Holy Fruit. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

When it was being squeezed, the Tianchuang furnace was shaking very hard.

"The process of fusing isn’t easy!" Chen Xiang frowned, he and his two clones tried their best to release a strong pressure on the crystal ball, pressing it down.

After a few months, Chen Xiang finally succeeded.

After this process, he was a little afraid of the derivation method. If he were to use the derivation method to create more small crystals, it would be even more difficult to fuse them.

"So be it! To condense a core immediately and engrave it into a Huajing Dan grain. " Chen Xiang decided to give up on using the derivation method for now and successfully refine a pill first.

It was a smooth journey all the way to the Core Formation stage, but it required a lot of time.

After he finished condensing the pellets, he began to refine the Huajing Dan grain and enter it. Then, he threw several tens of millions of Tao-creation Divine Crystals into the Tianchuang furnace and left the Time array.

More than a day had passed outside, and he had spent over a hundred years inside refining it. He felt that if he were to use the derivation method to refine it, the quality would definitely greatly improve.

"I wonder how many Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals will be consumed this time?" A single pellet of the legendary Golden Fire Pellet that Chen Xiang refined consumed nearly ten million Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

"If the effects of this pellet is very good and the energy is strong, then the consumption of the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals will be even higher." He Fengyuan said: "I just wonder how the final effect will be."

After a day, Chen Xiang went in and took a look. That pellet had already absorbed over ten million Tao-creation Holy Crystals, and was still quickly being absorbed.

"The effect will definitely be better than the legendary Golden Flame Pill." Chen Xiang was sitting on the side of a river, looking at the boats coming and going. Zuo Xingfeng’s boat was right here.

Zuo Xingfeng had already gone out, and from time to time he would look for the helpers to discuss things.

After two more days, Chen Xiang entered the Time array and had already succeeded in condensing a pill. Looking at the pill that was shining with a purple light, Chen Xiang sighed in his heart, "I spent thirty million Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals!"

He Fengyuan had already thought of the name of this pellet.

"This pill should not be of much help to me, but it should be able to help you guys a lot." Chen Xiang gave this pellet to Xiao Xianglin, and let her eat it.

Xiao Xianglin’s cultivation was not as complicated as Chen Xiang’s, she did not need to cultivate Red fire dragon, so it would be much easier for her to cultivate her Divine Origin Qi.

When Xiao Xianglin was cultivating, he would bring this sovereign back, so she had also stopped learning the Legendary mantra.

"I should not need too much time to refine this pill." Chen Xiang knew that there were some pills that were of higher quality, and would refine them faster and faster. Moreover, right now, he was only cultivating out Divine Origin Qi, and it was not a total improvement, so it would not take too much time.

When Zuo Xingfeng returned, he immediately followed him into the boat cabin.

"The Beast-creation Race is already here, it’s just a small portion of them!" Zuo Xingfeng sighed: "We need to hurry up first."

"Are they in human form?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, they have already taken human forms. It is said that there are four or five of them, and they all cultivate god’s origin energy ... Other than them, there are a few humans who do not have the aura of beast creation. " Zuo Xingfeng frowned: "Beast-creation Race is very strong as a whole."

"The humans without the aura of beast creation should be the God-creation Race and the Fire-creation Sacred Race." Chen Xiang scoffed, "These people have become the dogs of the Beast-creation Race."

"These humans might have already inherited the Beast-creation Race’s bloodline." Zuo Xingfeng was extremely worried about this matter. "I wonder how many of those traitors who were originally protecting the Purple fire tree obtained the Beast Creation Bloodline."

"Elder Zuo, how many people did you secretly contact?" Chen Xiang wasn’t so clear about Zuo Xingfeng’s plans either.

"Old Yu will be arriving soon. When the time comes, we’ll have our old friends in the other divine trees as well. We’ll join forces and capture the Purple fire tree." Zuo Xingfeng said harshly: "Those traitors are going to die very soon."