Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

He had always been protecting the Purple fire tree, and he hated those traitors to the bone. He had started to have deep feelings for the Purple fire tree, so even if he had to put his life on the line, he would still go and fight the Beast-creation Race to the death.

"If Elder Yu and the others come, if everyone join hands, would they be able to take down the Purple fire tree?" Chen Xiang asked: "Right now, the Purple fire tree should have a group of beasts that aren’t weak."

"That will definitely not be a problem. As long as we can take down the Purple fire tree, I can use it as a base and at the same time let everyone know about the plot of the Beast-creation Race. This can further strengthen us," Zuo Xingfeng said.

"I’ll make my move when the time comes." Chen Xiang looked at the Purple fire tree. "I’ll go and inspect the situation above now."

"There’s no need to go. The Purple fire tree are very big, and there are many tree holes on them. You don’t even know where those guys are hiding." Zuo Xingfeng said: "When we are ready, we can attack them all and force them out."

"Do you think they’ll know what we’re doing?" Chen Xiang asked.

"These things are only done by us old guys, so we won’t leak it out." Zuo Xingfeng laughed: "You don’t have to worry, when the time comes you can make your move depending on the situation."

Although Zuo Xingfeng said that he did not need to investigate, Chen Xiang still went. He had his illusion body, so he could move on top of the Purple fire tree quickly without being discovered.

The Purple fire tree had also kept this a secret. He guessed that the spies in the Purple fire tree must have hidden these beasts well, and had only used them for defense.

When dawn broke, Xiao Xianglin came out from the Time array s. She had already started refining the Ziyuan Dan, and the refining speed was so fast that Chen Xiang was surprised, although he had already expected that refining would not take too long.

"Master, how is it?" Chen Xiang asked, he wanted to know the exact effects of this pellet.

"I feel that I only need to eat one more Ziyuan Dan and I will be able to cultivate the Divine Origin Qi." Xiao Xianglin was excited, she had wanted to cultivate out her Divine Origin Qi for a long time, but she knew that it was not easy, even Chen Xiang had to refine many Legendary Gold Fire Pills in order to succeed.

"Alright, I’ll refine one for you right now."

Chen Xiang anxiously found an inn to refine pills. If Xiao Xianglin could also cultivate God’s Qi in the secret room, then he would be able to get Xiao Xianglin to help him with the pill refining process in the future. Xiao Xianglin had his clone, was able to use Pressure mantra, and his flames were very strong.

"In other words, just eating two Ziyuan Dan would allow the people at the pinnacle to cultivate and release their divine origin energy. If we use Twin dan grain to refine it, it might only require forty million Tao-creation’s sacred crystals."

The next batch that Chen Xiang would refine would be filled with Twin dan grain. This would allow him to use one portion of the ingredients to refine and produce two pills, which would be equivalent to replicating one pellet. It would save him time, ingredients and the Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

Chen Xiang stayed in the Time array for two days, and it went extremely smoothly for him this time. He refined a total of two Ziyuan Dan and gave one to Xiao Xianglin to eat, while he gave the other to try himself. He wanted to see how helpful the Ziyuan Dan would be to people who could cultivate the Divine Origin Qi.

After he ate the Ziyuan Dan, he started to feel the effects of the dissolving medicine.

"The speed of refinement is indeed very fast. This contains all the Divine Origin Qi, and it should be of help to me as well. It’s just that it’s extremely insignificant. I don’t know how many pills it would take for me to cultivate a complete World Defying Stage Divine Source."

Chen Xiang felt that eating Ziyuan Dan at this level of cultivation would not be of much use.

After a day, Xiao Xianglin came out of the Time array and she had already cultivated her Divine Origin Qi.

"Oh right, Master, didn’t you just take that legendary Spirit Communication Pill?" Chen Xiang asked: "It’s been a long time, have you managed to grasp that Legendary mantra yet?"

"I’ve mastered it, this Legendary mantra is of great use to you." Xiao Xianglin laughed and said, "It’s called the Sky Breaking Incantation. When you use the power of this incantation, then when you rush forward, you will be able to break through time and space. Then, you can travel through this broken time and travel to another place, which is the same as traversing space!"

"That’s good?" Can we go to the designated place? " Chen Xiang asked, secretly delighted.

"No." Xiao Xianglin said.

Chen Xiang was a little disappointed in his heart, but he was already very satisfied. It was not easy to travel through space in the Most Ancient Era, so he had to cultivate an even stronger set of Divine Origin Qi.

Xiao Xianglin quickly refined another Space Shattering Paternoster soul stone for Chen Xiang.

After Chen Xiang ate it, he quickly grasped this Legendary mantra.

He came to the wilderness, and then released the power of the incantation, and started to charge wildly. As he sprinted forward, the space in front of him suddenly shattered, and Chen Xiang dove into the shattered space, arriving at another place.

The previously shattered spatial tears quickly began to heal as well.

"It’s quite far!" Chen Xiang realized that he was in the air and he could see Purple fire tree s, he was now even more distant from Purple fire tree s, but he was closer to the field where he was previously at.

Chen Xiang tried a few more times, but each time he would appear in the air, and the distance was about the same.

"It’s already pretty good, you really helped me a lot?" I wonder if it will be affected by the barrier and formation? " In the past, Chen Xiang was most afraid of being sealed within.

"No!" In the past, when you used spatial energy to travel through space, you had to use your own spatial energy to construct a tunnel. However, this Sky Shattering Incantation Day is a time of destruction, so no matter how you seal the space, it will be shattered. " Xiao Xianglin said.

This allowed Chen Xiang to feel more at ease.

Suddenly, the sky was covered by a thick black cloud, as if it had suddenly appeared.

"It was very clear just now. Why did it change so quickly?" Chen Xiang immediately looked towards the Purple fire tree, only to see waves of suffocating and terrifying aura coming from it.

"They’re fighting!" Chen Xiang was surprised: "I need to go and take a look immediately."

Chen Xiang really did not think that Yu Weizhou and Zuo Xingfeng would fight so quickly.

These people who were fighting had all cultivated out their spiritual energy, and now that they had started fighting, the terrifying energy caused the earth to tremble. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

There were many buildings around the Purple fire tree, and they were all enveloped in a sea of fire and lightning.

"How terrifying!" Chen Xiang was shocked: "I still underestimated their strength."

As Chen Xiang watched from a high altitude, he did not know how to intervene. Both sides were fighting in an extremely chaotic manner, and what made him feel inconceivable was that the Purple fire tree was indeed very strong, as it was battered by waves of berserk energy, not one bit of it was damaged. It was just that many of the leaves and leaves on the Purple fire tree were swaying due to the wind.