Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After the Six Realms mirrors’s killing array stopped, Chen Xiang had already rushed to the altar, and the many powerful auras surrounding the altar had already locked onto him, surrounded by countless of humanized beasts that had cultivated Immortal Qi. Just as they were about to attack, Chen Xiang’s two clones, together with the Red fire dragon, released the two Heavenly dragon seal s and started a fierce bombardment on both sides of the altar.

When Chen Xiang landed on the altar, the Six Realms mirrors shrank in size and frantically descended. It rushed to the altar even faster than Chen Xiang and sent a few elders who were flying and were about to attack Chen Xiang flying, allowing Chen Xiang to smoothly land on the altar.

The altar was in a mess, Chen Xiang’s two clones were locked onto by many powerful beasts.

Suddenly, the altar shook, and then the entire ground started shaking. A powerful pressure came down, and the trees in the forest around the altar were instantly crushed. The towering mountains were also flattened.

Originally, there were many mountains and forests within a hundred miles. However, they had all been flattened in that instant.

Chen Xiang stood on top of the altar, after feeling the pressure, he immediately used all his strength to resist, but he was still struck fiercely by the attack, causing him to spew out a large mouthful of blood.

"Damn it, this power is too strong. What is this guy’s background?"

"We respectfully welcome the clan emperor!" Many of the humanoid creatures kneeled on the ground and began to shout with a pious look on their faces.

The emperor of the Beast-creation Race? Chen Xiang immediately guessed that it was this guy. If the people from the Beast-creation Race were already so terrifying, then what about the Goblin Emperor?

At this moment, the earth was trembling, and the air around them seemed to have been sucked out, making it hard to breathe. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Chen Xiang, leave quickly! Don’t worry about me!" Chu Jinfeng also asked Chen Xiang through the sound transmission due to the extremely strong pressure.

Chen Xiang’s other two clones were already suppressed by the pressure and were unable to get up.

"Don’t worry, I can take you with me!" Chen Xiang grabbed Chu Jinfeng along with the wooden board, then used the power of the Red fire dragon to allow himself to sprint forward.

The other two doppelgangers followed suit. As they sprinted, the space in front of them suddenly collapsed, and they disappeared into it.

This is the Sky Shattering Incantation!

After Chen Xiang and his two clones entered the broken space, they smoothly appeared in another place. He and his two clones were in two different places, and they were both quite a distance away from each other.

"I’m finally safe!" Chen Xiang looked at the dense fog in the distance.

Chen Xiang pulled out all of the spikes from Chu Jinfeng’s body and burned the wooden board along with the spike. Then, he brought Chu Jinfeng to Medicine-creation Divine Continent.

The other two clones also left for the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, they would meet up there.

Chu Jinfeng was in the Six Realms mirrors’s body, soaking in a jade vat. Inside the vat were a large number of Rebirth powder, healing the serious injuries on his body.

Chu Jinfeng had already fainted earlier, his injuries were severe.

After searching for Yu Weizhou, he told Yu Weizhou about the altar and the ceremony he saw, as well as the matter regarding the Beast-creation Race Emperor.

"And the clan emperor is outside? He seems to be very strong, if he was the kind of guy who cultivated World Defying Stage Divine Source, then it would be difficult to deal with him. " Yu Weizhou was worried.

"This guy must have cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source!" Chen Xiang had met such an opponent before, so he could confirm with his Qi that the Beast-creation Race’s royal family was stronger than the guy he killed before.

"Actually, we don’t have to worry too much. The Tree soul on the divine tree is still very strong." It was because of the Tree soul locking down the young man from Initial God-creation Realm that Chen Xiang had succeeded last time.

That young man was still sealed inside his Six Realms mirrors.

"I’ll go talk to Old Zuo." Yu Weizhou left quickly.

Chen Xiang was also inside the Purple fire tree, he had a cave by himself, it was very spacious inside.

When he released Chu Jinfeng, Chu Jinfeng’s complexion looked much better.

"You saved me again." Chu Jinfeng laughed at himself.

"Alliance head, don’t talk about me like this, we are good friends!" Chen Xiang also felt a little guilty in his heart: "If I didn’t tell you about Beast-creation Race, you wouldn’t have investigated. If you didn’t investigate, you wouldn’t have encountered such a thing."

"Even if you didn’t say it, I would have known sooner or later." Chu Jinfeng sighed: "I never thought that Beast-creation Race would be so evil!"

"Alliance Master, what did you find in the Beast-creation Race?" Chen Xiang was actually very curious about this. Chu Jinfeng must have found out about something and got caught.

"Beast-creation Race was created by another type of power in the Nine Creation Race." Chu Jinfeng said: "I’m not too sure about the specifics, I know that Beast-creation Race will not be affected by the Chuangyuan key, and there are also Create Evil Blood in Beast-creation Race, which accounts for half of all the blood vessels in Beast-creation Race’s body."

The First Beast-creation Ancestor also had the Evil Blood, he never thought that the Beast-creation Race was also like that!

"My guess is that the Beast-creation Race was created by some fellows for the sake of experiment. Having half of a Create Evil Blood and beast blood in their bodies meant that they could easily transform into a Killing Evil Beast." Chu Jinfeng said.

Chen Xiang himself was very clear just how terrifying the Killing Evil Beast was. It could increase his strength by a lot, but he could deal with the others who might not be able to.

"Chief, what was that ceremony they did?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s called the Beast Slave Ceremony, which can only be done by transforming into a human or beast. As long as you pass it, you will become stronger, and you can even control a Legendary mantra. You might even become a Killing Evil Beast in the future." Chu Jinfeng said: "Actually, I am a special case in the Beast-creation Race because I don’t have any Create Evil Blood s in my body, only beast blood and the Creation God’s bloodline."

Chu Jinfeng had also said before, that he was taken in as a disciple by the Tao-creation Divine Lord later on before he went back to awaken the Beast Blood.

"That Beast King is truly terrifying!" When Chen Xiang thought back to it, he felt a lingering fear.

"He can transform into a Killing Evil Beast, of course he can, and he’s also a very special Killing Evil Beast." When Chu Jinfeng talked about the Beast King, his face showed fear.

"Why is it special?" Chen Xiang asked.

"He’s a Create Evil Saint Body." Chu Jinfeng said as he furrowed his brows, "This means that he can restrain all of the Creation Race s. This way, as long as those Creation Race s do not listen to him, he can quickly kill them all. He can command all of the Creation Race s!"

"This fellow is really incredible!" Chen Xiang was also shocked, it was actually a Create Evil Saint Body, and it was even a Killing Evil Beast. This is the same as First Beast-creation Ancestor!

"What kind of beast is he? Is it a dragon? "

Chen Xiang was unable to discern it from the aura previously, but he did not sense any dragon’s aura. He himself had cultivated in Killing evil dragon before, so he was quite familiar with the aura of Killing evil dragon.

"No... Actually, I don’t know either, because he never revealed his true form. " Chu Jinfeng said: "He has already cultivated up to the World Defying Stage Divine Source, but his plan is to make himself stronger, then head to the Initial God-creation Realm, and eat everyone from the various great Creation Race s inside."