Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Master, the guy this time won’t be easy to deal with. Chen Xiang looked in that direction, "There is a humanoid creation beast, and a few extremely strong giant beasts."

"I’ll give it to you as a human, leave the rest to me." Xiao Xianglin was fearless.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin immediately flew over, and stayed far away from the Purple fire tree. This way, it wouldn’t affect the people below.

As expected, the reinforcements were being sensed by the same aura as Chen Xiang, the leader was a man covered in scales, and when Chen Xiang got closer, he could clearly feel his Qi, which was the Qi of a dragon.

"This guy is a dragon, he might not be easy to deal with." Chen Xiang thought in his heart, while beside the man were three Dragon Tigers with Dragon Blood s, they were not weak either.

"Master, you have to be careful." Chen Xiang said.

"You too!" Xiao Xianglin was not worried, she was extremely confident in her own strength, she was a Heavenly Incantation Master, if she used all sorts of incantations in battle, it would be extremely terrifying.

"Are you here to stop me? Aren’t you guys too weak? "No wonder. You’re too weak after all, so you didn’t fight below." The white scaled man mocked.

"You are a beast tamer? You guys have been sealed in that damned place, why did you run out to seek death? " Chen Xiang held onto the Six Realms mirrors and sneered: "That’s fine too, a guy like you, who’s been sealed for so long, must have gotten tired of living, that’s why you came to seek death."

"Arrogant human!" The white-armored man let out a roar and a cold aura appeared. It was an ice dragon.

Chen Xiang rejoiced in his heart, if it was only the ice dragon, he simply had nothing to be afraid of, as his flames could melt all this ice.

"I want to be late for you a little!" His arms turned into dragon claws and suddenly appeared in front of Chen Xiang, grabbing at his face directly. He thought he could crush Chen Xiang’s head with his hands.

However, when his claws were just an inch away from Chen Xiang’s face, he was suddenly struck by a huge force.

Xiao Xianglin had already rushed out and released two clones to fight against the three dragon and tiger.

Seeing that Xiao Xianglin was so powerful, the white armored man wanted to stop Xiao Xianglin, but Chen Xiang would not let him succeed. Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors flew out and struck the white armored man, sending him flying.

Chen Xiang also released two clones and surrounded the white armored man from three sides.

"Clone?" This is the Legendary mantra! Where did you get it? " The white-armored man was surprised. He felt as though he had met an opponent.

Chen Xiang did not bother to pay attention to him, instead, he released pressure from three different sides, sealing the white armored man.

"Pressure mantra? Hmph, do you think you can take care of me like this? " The white armored man laughed loudly. He had condensed a lot of ice and made the ice more and more, so that he could use the ice that was continuously growing bigger to expand Chen Xiang’s pressure cage.

"Innocent fellow!" Chen Xiang mocked and released three Red fire dragon s.

Seeing the three Red fire dragon s, the white armored man’s face immediately became ashen, because he was very clear on the strength of the three Red fire dragon s.

The three Red fire dragon opened their mouths and crazily sprayed out flames. The intense flames quickly melted the ice and seeped into the pressure cage.

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! The white armored man screamed crazily as the flames of the Red fire dragon had already permeated into his body.

"You still want to eat me? How many people did you eat? Today you will be punished! " Chen Xiang bellowed, and the flames spewed by the Red fire dragon became even stronger. A red ray of light shot through the white armored man’s body.

Not long after, the ice dragon turned to dust.

Xiao Xianglin had also resolved it, the three dragon and tigers were beaten up to a pulp by her, and in the end, they were killed by her, and their corpses were kept away.

After that, Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin both came to the surface. They wanted to quickly eliminate all of the spies below, and then, everyone would be able to join hands to deal with those beasts that had come to reinforce them.

After Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin joined the fray, the pressure on Zuo Xingfeng and the others lessened. They managed to take down more than ten spies in an instant.

"It’s a success!" Zuo Xingfeng looked at the mess around him, and sighed: "We’ve finally taken down the Purple fire tree!" Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Zuo Xingfeng’s group only had around twenty people in total, but they had faced forty to fifty opponents just now. They knew very well that if not for Chen Xiang’s assistance, they would not have been able to withstand the reinforcements of the beasts.

Chen Xiang took out a few Rebirth powder s and gave them to the injured elders, telling them to heal their injuries.

"I will enter the Purple fire tree and tell everyone a few things. I will let them know what kind of evil deeds those spies committed, and they actually want this person."

Zuo Xingfeng did not know that these spies would have this thought before, but he did know that during the battle. This made him even more furious.

"Chen Xiang, it’s all thanks to you this time." Yu Weizhou said, "If we can take down the Purple fire tree now, we can definitely gather more people in the future, and then take back all the other divine trees."

"Medicine-creation Divine Continent is a good place, I do not wish to be destroyed by those people who are plotting against me." Chen Xiang smiled slightly.

"En!" Yu Weizhou said, "I will patrol around with the others to see if there are any fish that escaped the net!"

"There shouldn’t be any in the Purple fire tree, right?" Chen Xiang asked.

"If there are more inside, the Tree soul will tell Elder Zuo! Furthermore, we don’t even have to do anything then. Elder Zuo is absorbing the power of the Purple fire tree and can become stronger, those guys are not his match at all. " Yu Weizhou laughed.

The Purple fire tree contained boundless power. Although the Purple fire tree could not attack, it could still lend its power to Zuo Xingfeng, so Zuo Xingfeng was invincible inside. This was also the reason why Zuo Xingfeng had to take down the Purple fire tree.

The Tree soul will choose to help the people who truly protect the Purple fire tree!

"Oh right, Chen Xiang, I saw a lady earlier. She was also very strong!" Yu Weizhou was extremely curious.

"That’s my master!" Chen Xiang laughed, "She is indeed very strong, it’s just that she doesn’t usually show herself."

"Of course I’m strong to be your master!" Yu Weizhou’s face was full of surprise. He never thought that Chen Xiang’s master was actually a woman, and thought that she was an old fellow like him.

The Purple fire tree had already been taken down, so the Beast-creation Race must already know that the two reinforcements that they had sent out were all gone. Now, Yu Weizhou was a little worried that there would be even stronger reinforcements.

Yu Weizhou and Chen Xiang had already split up and were patrolling the area. Zuo Xingfeng, on the other hand, was inside the Purple fire tree, using the power of the Purple fire tree to transmit his words to the person hiding inside the Purple fire tree.