Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Zuo Xingfeng had a very high reputation on the side of the Purple fire tree, mainly because he was a strong pill god, and had created quite a few divine pills. Previously, when he bought the pill formulas of the Peak dan, if they were to be sold, it would allow his prestige to rise even further.

Chen Xiang and Yu Weizhou circled around the Purple fire tree, they had already seen many people coming out from it, and were going to rebuild the destroyed houses.

"Chen Xiang, a scout just sent news over. There are many beasts gathered outside the enchantment of the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, all in groups of three or five. I’m afraid even more beasts will arrive soon." Yu Weizhou said after meeting Chen Xiang.

"I’ll leave this place to you guys. I’ll go out and see what the situation is." Chen Xiang felt that with his current strength, he wouldn’t have any problem dealing with beasts that could cultivate Divine Origin Qi, even if it were humanoid beasts.

If he were to face those people who had cultivated the complete World Defying Stage Divine Source, he would not be a match for them. Previously, when he went to, if not for the Tree soul s, he would have died there.

"Alright, but you have to be careful. If you find anything important, you’d better come back and tell us." Yu Weizhou said.

Chen Xiang turned into a gust of wind and rushed towards the place where the beasts were gathering.

"I wonder how chief is doing, I’ve been looking for him ..." I really shouldn’t have told him about the Beast-creation Race back then. " Chen Xiang was worried that Chu Jinfeng would investigate the secrets of the Beast-creation Race later on and get caught by the Beast-creation Race.

Right now, Chen Xiang wanted to capture a higher ups of the Beast-creation Race so that Xiao Xianglin could search through that fellow’s memories and see if there was any news of Chu Jinfeng.

After leaving the enchantment of the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, Chen Xiang sensed the aura of beast creation.

"Only an aura is concentrated in one direction! Didn’t that scout say that there were multiple batches of beast tamers? " After Chen Xiang released the three illusions to sense them, he was once again sure that there was only one more.

"It’s about time for this batch of Creation Beasts to gather. I’ll go take a look first." Chen Xiang had the spirit body fly at the very front; this allowed him to clearly investigate the situation of the spirit body.

If it was the past, his illusion body would be easily discovered, but now his cultivation was also increasing, thus his illusion body would not be discovered so easily, even if he was someone who had cultivated in the World Defying Stage Divine Source, it would be hard to discover.

After Chen Xiang’s illusion flew past, it immediately saw an altar that was as tall as a small mountain. This altar felt very familiar to him, and when he saw it, he immediately thought of the altar that sealed First Beast-creation Ancestor.

The altar that was sealing the First Beast-creation Ancestor was much bigger than this altar, but it looked extremely similar, especially its overall shape and the carvings on it.

"What are they doing?" Chen Xiang saw that at the very top of the altar, there was a large wooden board, on top of which laid a person, with his arms and legs spread wide open.

A closer look revealed that there was a human shaped groove on the wooden board, and it was specially made for people to lie down on.

"He’s performing a ceremony!" Chen Xiang was shocked, those who were performing the ceremony looked like humans, but were in fact beasts that had transformed themselves. These kind of beasts that transformed themselves were all very strong.

Chen Xiang continued to observe what kind of ceremony they were performing.

The beast in human form lying on the grooves on the wooden board was suddenly pressed down by a demonic red light. It looked like he was being pressured by a pressure, making him unable to move.

The next scene shocked Chen Xiang, he saw that the humanoid beast’s two palms were actually nailed to the wooden board by two bloody spikes, and the humanoid beast’s face was also filled with pain, it roared frantically.

At first, he was only trying to nail down his palm, but after a lot of blood flowed out from his palm, he would nail down his entire body. There was a total of eighty-one nails, which were used to nail down this werecreature beast.

The wooden board suddenly floated into the air. A layer of reddish-brown blood mist covered the back of the board, making it look extremely strange.

The strange thing was, on the wooden board that was nailed down, there were many carvings on the surface of the beast’s body.

Chen Xiang described this scene to Xiao Xianglin.

"I’ll take a look too!" Xiao Xianglin also released her spirit body to observe from afar.

Seeing that, she said in shock: "That is a Legendary mantra ... They are using a special method to engrave this humanoid creation beast into the Legendary mantra. If I am not mistaken, they should be trying to let the humanoid creation beast master this kind of Legendary mantra. "

The few elders who were at the top of the altar suddenly retreated. The entire altar was shining with a golden light, and a wave of hazy golden mist rose from it.

"Inside the altar are the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, which are produced by the release of a large amount of the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals." Xiao Xianglin said: "Seems like they have an ancient method that allows people to quickly grasp Legendary mantra s."

The Legendary mantra could let people obtain a lot of strength, and Chen Xiang was able to master several Legendary mantra. This made him unrivaled amongst his peers.

"It seems like they realized that the people inside the Purple fire tree are hard to deal with, so they used this method." Xiao Xianglin said: "We need to stop them, if they were to let all the humanoid beasts control the Legendary mantra, it would not be a good thing."

This ceremony only lasted for four hours before it ended.

Although the werecreature beast that was nailed to the wooden board earlier lost a lot of blood, it was recovering well after absorbing the energy released by the large amount of Tao-creation Holy Crystals, and there were many runes on its body.

"He succeeded!" Xiao Xianglin said: "I wonder what kind of Legendary mantra it is!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Something’s not right. That humanoid beast seemed to have some intelligence, but now it’s eyes are lifeless, like a zombie." Chen Xiang anxiously said.

"That’s right!" His mind is already in control, and from the looks of it, he shouldn’t be afraid of pain. When he picked up the nail, he didn’t feel any pain at all. This is a very scary warrior. " Xiao Xianglin said.

The following person was a middle-aged man. When Chen Xiang saw the middle-aged man, he shouted in his heart, This person was Chu Jinfeng.

Chu Jinfeng’s body was tied up with shining golden chains and was riddled with wounds. He was forced onto the wooden board.

"Chief!" Chen Xiang finally saw Chu Jinfeng. He had already had a premonition that something bad had happened to Chu Jinfeng previously, but now, everything was as he expected.

"These bastards!"

Seeing Chu Jinfeng up there, Chen Xiang was enraged and released his two clones, rushing over.

The Six Realms mirrors floated above the altar, and in a moment, it was huge, like a huge mountain. The mirror shined down, and the killing array inside began to activate, releasing a burst of berserk energy.

There were no attacks at the center of the altar, the few elderly men beside Chu Jinfeng who had thrown out their divine weapons to clash with the Six Realms mirrors’s mirror and were repelled back.

Many of the creation beasts around the altar suffered injuries after being attacked by the Six Realms mirrors’s killing array.