Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

This group of people had almost killed all nine of the divine trees. In order to strengthen themselves, they had almost sucked all nine of the divine trees dry. That was why they were able to break through and later on, the Initial God-creation Realm was protected. This was obviously because of the Tao-creation Divine Lord.

Now that the Tao-creation Divine Lord was no longer around, the order in the entire Most Ancient Era was in chaos.

"In the eyes of the Beast-creation Race Emperor, the Initial God-creation Realm must have stored a large amount of energy. Chu Jinfeng said: "That guy who was going to the Initial God-creation Realm used some cruel methods to absorb the power of the nine trees through the creation of a beast."

Chen Xiang was also aware of this matter, but after that, the Beast-creation Race was sealed, while the other Creation Race s were able to benefit from it.

"Alliance Chief, the strength of that clan emperor is so strong. If he were to charge in, it would be troublesome." Chen Xiang was very worried about this matter, so the Beast-creation Race Emperor must be very angry right now.

"For the time being, you don’t have to worry, because the Medicine-creation Divine Continent has nine Divine Trees. These nine Divine Trees contain a lot of energy, and they can be said to be the foundation of the entire Most Ancient Era. As long as the Nine Divine Trees don’t fall, the barrier around the Medicine-creation Divine Continent can stop anyone who cultivates and produces the World Defying Stage Divine Source." Chu Jinfeng said: "Even if it’s Beast-creation Race who wants to enter in large quantities, it’s still not easy!"

"Why? I saw quite a few Beast-creation Race s before. " Chen Xiang said.

"My master had originally set up an invisible barrier here. If there are too many people who possess the bloodline of a beast, they would open the barrier after a certain amount of time and be able to kill those Beast-creation Race s. That’s why they didn’t dare to come in too often." Chu Jinfeng said.

Chen Xiang finally understood why the Beast-creation Race could come in but not that many. It was because they had this worry.

"If the Spirit Formation within is destroyed, then we’ll be in trouble." Chu Jinfeng laughed bitterly: "I wonder if something like that would happen."

Chen Xiang felt that he shouldn’t worry too much about this, because the Tree soul had already been rescued. It was certain that it could stop this kind of thing.

Later, Chen Xiang entrusted Chu Jinfeng to Zuo Xingfeng. Chu Jinfeng was originally here to refine pills, and he was also the disciple of the Tao-creation Divine Lord, this made Zuo Xingfeng very happy.

Chen Xiang released the man in gold from a secret room. This man in gold was from Initial God-creation Realm. When Chen Xiang saved First Beast-creation Ancestor, this guy had always come out to stop him, and now, he was finally holding onto’s hand.

"We... Our Initial God-creation Realm will not let you go. " The golden-robed man was filled with resentment, because his World Defying Stage Divine Source was destroyed, and he no longer had a powerful cultivation, as he was slowly growing older.

"Your Initial God-creation Realm is about to die, why aren’t you letting me go?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Hmph, there are many people in our Initial God-creation Realm who can cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source. If it wasn’t for the fact that Most Ancient Era can’t handle so many people who can, we would only need a day to flatten the Most Ancient Era." The golden robed man’s voice was full of threat, "If you bring me back to the altar, it might save you a bit of trouble."

"Do you still remember the clan empress of the Beast-creation Race? This guy is an Evil Creation Saint Body, and he has already cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source. " Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "Right now, he is outside Medicine-creation Divine Continent’s barrier. As long as I throw you out, you would definitely want to die."

When the golden robed man heard Chen Xiang’s words, he could not help but shiver.

"What are you doing!" The golden robed man hoped that Chen Xiang could kill him with one slash, and he also didn’t want to fall into the hands of the Beast-creation Race.

"Answer my question!" Chen Xiang said: "I can promise you that I won’t let you die, rather, I will let you be locked in here."

"Alright!" The golden robed man immediately agreed. It could be seen that he was truly afraid of the current Beast-creation Race.

"How did you guys absorb the divine tree’s power through the Beast-creation Race back then?" asked. First Beast-creation Ancestor had said before that it was a very cruel method.

"Eat the crystal nucleus condensed from the body of the Creation Beast ... We need to dig it up raw, then we can let the Creation Beast absorb the power of the divine tree, and then I can eat the Beast core that created the beast. " The golden robed man said, "If a beast ages, it will be killed by us."

Chen Xiang frowned, he was unable to differentiate between man and beast back then.

"Why is First Beast-creation Ancestor always able to recover his strength so quickly? That is his indestructible body!" Chen Xiang asked again, the recovery power of First Beast-creation Ancestor had always been a mystery.

"Because he ate the World Defying Stage Divine Source condensed from the Nine Divine Tree, and this World Defying Stage Divine Source is very special, it will not make him strong, but it will allow him to have an indestructible body. In addition, he has the Evil Creation Holy Body, the thick Evil Creation Bloodline and the Beast Creation Bloodline, so the beasts that his body feeds up are killer Evil beast."

"The reason we sealed him on the altar and fed him to the beasts, and then ate the crystals of the beasts, is so that we can form an indestructible body."

Chen Xiang had thought that these Evil beast were raised to protect the altar, so they were raised to be eaten. Chen Xiang felt that these fellows were even more beast-like.

"Then what is the background of the Beast-creation Race Emperor? He could actually cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source! Yet another Evil Creation Saint Body. " Chen Xiang felt that this man in gold must know something.

"I’m not sure, but I know that this guy is a descendant of the First Beast-creation Ancestor, which is why he is able to become the clan emperor. The Beast-creation Race was originally bred and bred in the First Beast-creation Ancestor." The golden robed man said, "Beast-creation Race hates us greatly. Once we fall into their hands, we will definitely suffer a fate worse than death." Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Hehe, you guys know how to be scared too!" Chen Xiang mocked.

"Hmph, the reason we created all these beasts was to help us level up. At that time, although Tao-creation Divine Lord was against it, he was not strong enough ... ... It was only after he somehow borrowed the power of the Tree soul that he stopped us and forced us to enter the Initial God-creation Realm, protecting the Medicine-creation Divine Continent afterwards ... In the end, the Tree soul was also sealed by us in the dark. " The golden robed man said.

Chen Xiang already knew that those Tree soul were not sealed by the Beast-creation Race, so it turned out to be this group of people.

"Looks like I have to go see the First Beast-creation Ancestor. This Emperor is not easy to deal with." Chen Xiang said: "First Beast-creation Ancestor definitely has a way to deal with this clan emperor."

"Not necessarily." The golden robed man laughed coldly.

Chen Xiang imprisoned the golden-robed man inside the Six Realms mirrors and then informed Zuo Xingfeng and the others before once again heading to the altar where the First Beast-creation Ancestor was sealed.

"First Beast-creation Ancestor must be hiding many secrets." Every time Chen Xiang thought about going to the altar, he would have a headache. He really didn’t want to see First Beast-creation Ancestor’s body being bitten off by those beasts.