Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang used the profoundfeng Mantra, turned himself into a gust of wind, and flew toward the altar that sealed the First Beast-creation Ancestor!

The reason he went to look for the First Beast-creation Ancestor was also to find a way to deal with it. The entire strength of the Beast-creation Race was very strong, and this power was controlled by the Beast-creation Race Emperor.

Now, the Beast-creation Race had not started to go crazy, otherwise, the beasts would have surrounded the entire Medicine-creation Divine Continent! If those beasts lost control, the consequences would be unimaginable, and the beast tide would engulf the entire Most Ancient Era.

"Beast-creation Race seems to have conquered those Creation Race, I wonder how Ice-creation Sacred Race is doing now?"

As Chen Xiang flew, he thought that the Medicine God and the Ice-creation Race Emperor would definitely not compromise so easily. He felt that it was necessary for him to pay a visit to the Medicine God Mountain Villa after returning from the altar.

While he was flying through the forest, he passed by Ah Ying’s residence. As long as he went down, he would be able to see Ah Ying.

Ah Ying was only guarding the place and cultivating, waiting for him to have enough strength to save First Beast-creation Ancestor.

He was getting closer and closer to the altar.

Chen Xiang had already seen the altar in the distance. He was extremely shocked, the surroundings of the altar had already experienced a huge battle and were completely destroyed by the battle, leaving behind a huge pit.

But now, the area around the altar was covered with trees, as if it had been reborn.

"I wasn’t like this the last time I came." Chen Xiang was extremely surprised, but not long after, there was a huge change.

"Could it be the power of the Tree soul?"

Only the Tree soul could restore the vitality of this forest in such a short period of time.

Just like before, when he approached the altar, he released three phantoms and flew out. Every time he came here, he would always be very careful, not to mention that this time there was a very strange change.

"Senior!" The last time Chen Xiang came to save the Tree soul, he had killed a large number of them. But now, there were a lot more of them, and they were all biting and tearing at the First Beast-creation Ancestor.

In his heart, he admired First Beast-creation Ancestor a lot. He was still sleeping even after the Evil beast had torn his flesh. It could be seen that he was already numb to it, and had gotten used to it.

Every time Chen Xiang came, First Beast-creation Ancestor would feel extremely happy. At least, there was someone who would be able to talk to him.

"Brat, you’re here again. How’s the matter with the Medicine-creation Divine Continent?" First Beast-creation Ancestor was very concerned about this matter. After all, he was the only ancestor and his relationship with Tao-creation Divine Lord was pretty good.

"It’s hard to say. In short, the situation isn’t too good right now." Chen Xiang sighed, and said: "The reason I came here to find you, is to resolve the crisis that is currently in Medicine-creation Divine Continent."

"I am sealed here. I cannot leave." First Beast-creation Ancestor laughed self-deprecatingly: "I’m really useless."

"Outside of the Medicine-creation Divine Continent’s barrier is a large number of beasts, and there’s even the Emperor who’s very strong, I was almost caught by this fellow previously, he’s very strong, what can we do about it? And I want to know more about this guy! "

The First Beast-creation Ancestor must understand the Beast-creation Race’s Emperor since he was his descendant.

"You really met the Clan Emperor? You’re actually still alive! " First Beast-creation Ancestor felt that this was somewhat unbelievable.

"Will I die if I meet the Beast-creation Race Emperor?" The First Beast-creation Ancestor had been sealed here since long ago, and at that time, the Beast-creation Race Emperor should not be very strong, but the First Beast-creation Ancestor seemed to know that the Beast-creation Race Emperor was very strong.

"I haven’t seen the Beast-creation Race Emperor in a long time, but I know very well just how strong he is." First Beast-creation Ancestor’s eyes were quickly filled with complex emotions.

After First Beast-creation Ancestor said this, he fell into deep thought, and Chen Xiang remained silent no matter how he asked.

Just like this, Chen Xiang waited for four whole hours before First Beast-creation Ancestor woke up from his deep contemplation. Just as he was about to speak, a strong aura suddenly surged over.

"The Beast King of the Beast-creation Race is here!" Chen Xiang was shocked, the Beast-creation Race Emperor coming here to look for the First Beast-creation Ancestor, it was most likely not a good thing, furthermore it was releasing such a sharp Qi.

First Beast-creation Ancestor raised his head and looked down at the black shadow that had suddenly appeared.

"This is the Beast-creation Race Emperor?" Last time when Chen Xiang was outside Medicine-creation Divine Continent, he could only feel the Qi. Now, he could see it with his own eyes, but he could not see it clearly enough.

First Beast-creation Ancestor’s entire body was covered in heavy scales, these scales were like dragon scales, and from the gaps between the deep black scales, waves of black mist were released, making the clan emperor look even more sinister and terrifying.

Beast-creation Race Emperor was wearing a black helmet with a dragon head engraved on it. The helmet covered his entire head and his eyes could not see anything.

"You’re finally here!" First Beast-creation Ancestor let out a long sigh.

"I’m just here to see you!"

First Beast-creation Ancestor’s voice was very low, weak and had a trace of haziness in it. It was unclear whether it was male or female, which made Chen Xiang feel that it was even more mysterious.

"You see it now." First Beast-creation Ancestor laughed bitterly: "You should be happy to see me leading such a life right?"

"Indeed." Beast-creation Race Emperor said, walking back and forth under the altar, a black evil tiger was about to pounce over, only to see a black light flash, and then the evil tiger ignited into black flames.

Chen Xiang was relatively close to the altar and hid within the forest. If the Beast-creation Race Emperor didn’t leave, he would have to continue waiting.

"What is the relationship between this guy and the First Beast-creation Ancestor? Is the Beast-creation Race Emperor really a descendant of the First Beast-creation Ancestor? " Chen Xiang thought, through the conversation just now, he felt that their relationship was not ordinary.

"You can leave now that you see my miserable appearance." First Beast-creation Ancestor remembered that Chen Xiang was still around, and was secretly worried about him. He immediately urged Beast-creation Race Emperor to leave quickly.

"No, no matter how I look at your miserable appearance, I can’t see enough." The Beast-creation Race Emperor laughed sinisterly, his voice sounded extremely strange.

Chen Xiang cursed in his heart. If Beast-creation Race Emperor did not leave, he simply could not continue to converse with him.

First Beast-creation Ancestor had no choice but to close his eyes and wait quietly.

"I heard that a human has gathered nine keys. I wonder if he has come here to find you?" Beast-creation Race Emperor suddenly asked.

"No!" The First Beast-creation Ancestor answered very straightforwardly.

"But I sense a lingering breath here, and there was a fierce battle here. I can even feel that Ah Ying is nearby. " Beast-creation Race Emperor took a deep breath.

"There are some unlucky fellows who stumbled upon this place and alarmed the people from Initial God-creation Realm. This is a very normal thing." First Beast-creation Ancestor laughed, "If you can’t do it, then come up and take a few steps."

"Humph!"

The Beast-creation Race Emperor snorted, his body that was covered in thick armor shook, and a large amount of black Qi surged out, quickly enveloping the entire forest.

The black aura quickly spread to Chen Xiang’s side.

"Crap, I’ve been discovered!" Chen Xiang wanted to leave, but who knew that the black aura seemed to attract him towards the altar. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Even with all his might, he was unable to break free from this suction force.