Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking about how he was going to fall into the hands of Beast-creation Race Emperor, Chen Xiang quickly thought of a plan. If things continued like this, he would definitely be caught by the Beast-creation Race Emperor.

Beast-creation Race Emperor felt that the black aura he released had caught onto something, and immediately began to gather the black aura, and before long, Chen Xiang was dragged to the side of the altar.

"I’m very familiar with your aura!" Beast-creation Race Emperor laughed coldly: "You’re the one who saved Chu Jinfeng before right? You actually came here? Could it be that you are Chen Xiang, the person who is in control of the nine Chuangyuan key? "

"Don’t hurt him!" First Beast-creation Ancestor hurriedly said.

"Could it be that because he has nine Chuangyuan key in his possession, he has a chance of saving you, so you have to protect him?" Beast-creation Race Emperor looked at the First Beast-creation Ancestor on the altar.

"Not really!" First Beast-creation Ancestor earnestly said, "Chen Xiang is very special ... I just don’t want him to get hurt. This time, I beg you, let him go. "

The Beast-creation Race Emperor was facing Chen Xiang, and he was wearing a mask so Chen Xiang could not tell what he was doing. Even though he was near, he still felt that the First Beast-creation Ancestor’s voice was very strange and low, and did not seem to be real.

"Hand over the nine Chuangyuan key and I can let you go." Beast-creation Race Emperor reached out with his scale gloves towards Chen Xiang’s clothes, wanting to pick him up.

The Beast-creation Race Emperor was very strong, and even if she did not release a very strong aura, Chen Xiang could not take it anymore. It was impossible for her to fight against this gigantic being with a very strong strength.

Chen Xiang immediately sprinted forward and used the Sky Breaking Incantation. Just as the space was about to shatter and he was about to enter the space that was being torn apart, he was grabbed by one of his legs by the Beast-creation Race Emperor.

"Humph!" You want to run? " The Beast-creation Race Emperor coldly snorted, pulled Chen Xiang out and then heavily threw him onto the ground.

The last time Beast-creation Race Emperor was too far away from Chen Xiang, so it gave him sufficient time to escape.

And with such a close distance between them this time, Chen Xiang would definitely not be able to run away again.

"Let him go!" The First Beast-creation Ancestor seemed to be angry. Chen Xiang had seen the First Beast-creation Ancestor many times, but it was the first time he saw him so angry.

"I already said, as long as he hands over the nine Chuangyuan key, I will immediately let him go, and I promise that I will not do anything when I see him in the future! Besides, I didn’t say I would kill him. " Beast-creation Race Emperor sneered, and firmly grabbed onto Chen Xiang’s neck.

Chen Xiang frowned, he summoned his Six Realms mirrors and smashed towards First Beast-creation Ancestor’s head.

The explosive power of the Six Realms mirrors combined with the berserk strength of the killing array burst out from the mirror. It concentrated on a point and ruthlessly smashed onto Beast-creation Race Emperor’s head.

Boom!

Beast-creation Race Emperor was sent flying, but he did not loosen his grip and kept grabbing onto Chen Xiang’s throat.

"Let me go!" Chen Xiang and the Heavenly magic sword smashed and hacked at Beast-creation Race Emperor’s arm in a violent manner. Even though they had unleashed waves of tremors and violent power, they did not break Beast-creation Race Emperor’s arm, nor did they even break the scales on his arm.

The Beast-creation Race Emperor’s defense was extremely astonishing, causing Chen Xiang to be extremely shocked in his heart. He finally understood why the golden-robed man sealed inside the Six Realms mirrors was so afraid of the Beast-creation Race Emperor.

"How dare you!" The Beast-creation Race Emperor roared, and slapped Chen Xiang with his other hand.

Pah! -

Although Beast-creation Race Emperor hit Chen Xiang on the face, he was blocked by the Six Realms mirrors that suddenly appeared. The Six Realms mirrors rebounded a wave of energy and knocked Beast-creation Race Emperor’s hand away.

"I’m going to kill you!" Chen Xiang also roared. No matter what, he would not hand over the nine Chuangyuan key.

"Alright, as long as you can get rid of me, I’ll consider it your win!" His hand was still holding onto Chen Xiang’s neck tightly, and he was even using a lot of strength.

Chen Xiang glared at Beast-creation Race Emperor, his heart filled with dissatisfaction. The other party was much stronger than him, to be able to pinch his neck like this, no matter how he attacked, he still did not let go.

He didn’t know why Beast-creation Race Emperor didn’t attack too viciously. It might have been because of the nine keys, but if he attacked too heavily, the nine Chuangyuan key would have disappeared along with him.

Just now, he had thought of many things. The nine Chuangyuan key s seemed to not only be able to release the First Beast-creation Ancestor, they also had other uses.

"Alright, you’re the one who said that!" Chen Xiang waved the Six Realms mirrors and smashed it onto Beast-creation Race Emperor’s head. At this time, Beast-creation Race Emperor’s body emitted waves after waves of extremely dense Evil Qi, forming a protective shield.

The Six Realms mirrors landed on Beast-creation Race Emperor’s body, the berserk energy seemed to have been devoured, it did not stir up any movements, and there was not even a slight breeze.

Chen Xiang did not believe it, and used the Six Realms mirrors to once again pat Beast-creation Race Emperor’s head. After such a crazy beating, the Beast-creation Race Emperor was still standing there motionlessly, the great power released by the Six Realms mirrors was even absorbed and devoured.

"It’s really terrifying, can it be that you can use my Crimson Dragon Fire Arm?" If this guy discovers the Red fire dragon, will it be robbed? " Chen Xiang hesitated.

"I admit that your strength is considered a top existence among the humans, and even the Creation Race s. However, in my eyes, you are nothing more than mediocre. You should know how weak you are." Beast-creation Race Emperor’s hand was still tightly grabbing onto Chen Xiang’s neck.

There was simply no way to deal with this Beast-creation Race Emperor at all. Chen Xiang was not sure if he would be able to successfully use the Scarlet Dragon Fire Arm to break free from Beast-creation Race Emperor. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang suddenly thought of a Evil dragon array!

There was a Killing evil dragon sealed inside!

He was very clear on the strength of Killing evil dragon. If he could borrow the Killing evil dragon’s power, he might be able to make himself stronger, but he would need to bear a certain amount of risk.

The Killing evil dragon would easily make him lose his way!

"My Red fire dragon should be able to suppress the Killing evil dragon. When the Red fire dragon and Old Evil’s Killing evil dragon fuse, their power will definitely increase greatly." Chen Xiang pondered.

"I will give you six more hours, but you are still unable to break free from my grasp. I will torture you to the point of forcing you to hand over the Chuangyuan key. I only wasted my time with you because of that guy. " Beast-creation Race Emperor glanced at First Beast-creation Ancestor.

Chen Xiang felt that there was a very complicated relationship between the two of them.

First Beast-creation Ancestor had not spoken a word since the start, so the gap between Chen Xiang and Beast-creation Race Emperor was extremely obvious.

"You keep your word!" Chen Xiang’s expression was solemn, he had already made his decision.

"Don’t worry, my words have more weight than those bastards of the Creation Race." Beast-creation Race Emperor laughed out loud.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath, and then, in the Divine Sense Sea World, he floated up the Evil dragon array that Old Evil had given him, and let the Red fire dragon break the seal on the outside.

After the seal on the outside of the Evil dragon array was broken, the Evil dragon array immediately burst open and a large amount of black Qi surged out.

Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea was immediately enveloped by the endless black aura, and after that, this ball of black aura contracted crazily, converging into a huge black dragon.