Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

When the Killing evil dragon appeared, Chen Xiang’s heart was filled with fear. Doing this would take a huge risk, and if he couldn’t control it, the consequences would be unimaginable.

Beast-creation Race Emperor who was grabbing onto Chen Xiang’s throat suddenly felt that something was amiss, but he did not take it to heart. Instead, he patiently waited for Chen Xiang to attack.

Amongst Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea, Killing evil dragon and Red fire dragon were opposing each other!

Right now, he realized that he was still too reckless. Just a moment ago, the Red fire dragon had lost contact with him.

The two huge dragons floated above Divine Sense Sea and looked at each other. It was very calm, as if they were communicating through some means!

After about an hour, when Chen Xiang was still deep in thought, the two dragons inside Divine Sense Sea suddenly roared, and the Red fire dragon opened its mouth, and its body became even larger.

As for the Killing evil dragon, they were flying in the air above the Divine Sense Sea. When the mouth of the Red fire dragon was big enough, it let out a roar and rushed into the mouth of the Red fire dragon.

"This... "What’s going on? Were they negotiating just now?" Chen Xiang suddenly felt that the Red fire dragon was hiding something, it could actually separate itself from him.

After the Red fire dragon swallowed the Killing evil dragon, a burst of black energy surged from its body. Furthermore, it kept roaring, causing the entire Divine Sense Sea to turn upside down, as the divine origin energy in the Divine Sense Sea was extremely tyrannical, as if it was going to tear the entire Divine Sense Sea apart.

This made Chen Xiang feel extremely uneasy!

After another two hours, the crazy Red fire dragon had calmed down, and its body had become very different. Originally, the Red fire dragon was burning with red flames, but now it was indeed burning with red and black flames, and the scales were still reddish-brown. It was just that the color had changed greatly, and its body shape was the same as before, with a pair of huge Suzaku fire wing s.

Chen Xiang and the Red fire dragon had newly recovered their connection. He secretly gathered his energy, the divine origin energy in the Red fire dragon’s body was even stronger than the one that he had cultivated.

"When the two divine energies fuse together, they should be able to succeed!" Chen Xiang started to accumulate energy, and used an entire hour.

Beast-creation Race Emperor had already sensed that something was amiss with Chen Xiang.

"Are you ready?" Chen Xiang sneered.

Beast-creation Race Emperor’s body was constantly releasing black Qi. This was Divine Qi, it was stronger than any Divine Qi Chen Xiang had ever seen.

Chen Xiang did not borrow the Six Realms mirrors’s and Heavenly magic sword’s power. He was worried that the two divine tools would not be able to withstand the power and would easily destroy the incantation.

Chen Xiang took in a deep breath and released the long stored divine origin energy. This divine origin energy could be released through his two clones and three mutated Red fire dragon!

When the divine origin energy surged out, Chen Xiang felt that his arm was almost unable to endure it. This forced him to give up using the incantation, otherwise, his arm would be crippled.

Chen Xiang’s hand turned into a palm blade, and at the moment the divine origin energy exploded, it hacked at the arm that was grabbing onto his neck, still did not release any kind of wave of aura.

Seeing this scene, First Beast-creation Ancestor could only sigh helplessly!

Beast-creation Race Emperor initially thought that it was nothing, but when Chen Xiang’s palm cut down, a warm feeling flowed into his arm, it was a very strange power.

"A bit amazing!" Beast-creation Race Emperor laughed disdainfully: "But it’s not that bad, not much time has passed, you should just hand over the Chuangyuan key!"

"Wishful thinking!" Chen Xiang was very stubborn, and laughed: "I won’t give it to you even if I die."

"You need to be clear, the First Beast-creation Ancestor is currently sealed, he cannot save you!" Originally, it was only to scare the lower Chen Xiang, but he never thought that just as he was about to release his power, the strange warm current would cause the inside of his arm to become numb.

"Hmm?" Beast-creation Race Emperor let out a cry of surprise, and then shouted loudly: "What’s going on!"

Not long after, the Beast-creation Race Emperor’s grip on Chen Xiang’s hand gradually loosened. Chen Xiang smiled proudly, and then, touched the place where he had been pinched for a long time.

Beast-creation Race Emperor’s hand had already drooped down! Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Just now, Chen Xiang had used the Bone-melting magic power, so as long as a trace of the Bone-melting magic power could enter the Beast-creation Race Emperor’s arm, the bones would be melted.

Chen Xiang was also extremely shocked. After accumulating such a long amount of divine origin energy and converting it into Bone-melting magic power, there was only a tiny bit of it that was able to seep into the Beast-creation Race Emperor’s arm.

"I did it!" Chen Xiang said: "I hope your words will have more weight than the other royal families of the Creation Race!"

"Chen Xiang, leave quickly!" First Beast-creation Ancestor was pleasantly surprised and immediately urged Chen Xiang to leave so that he wouldn’t have to do anything.

Chen Xiang curled his lips, then quickly rushed towards a direction and used the Sky Breaking Incantation to quickly leave this place.

"Sigh, I haven’t found out anything yet!" Chen Xiang did not continue to leave the illusion there, in case the Beast-creation Race Emperor came up with anything to deal with him.

Xiao Xianglin, who was inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, heaved a sigh of relief and softly asked: "Chen Xiang, how is your Red fire dragon doing?"

"I don’t know, but it made me a lot stronger!" Chen Xiang’s expression was complex, after the Red fire dragon disconnected from him, what exactly did he say to the Killing evil dragon?

"First Beast-creation Ancestor should be Beast-creation Race Emperor’s father!" Xiao Xianglin said: "But there is a conflict between them, that’s why they are acting this way!"

"I do feel a trace of affection between them." Chen Xiang sighed, he was surprised, Beast-creation Race Emperor and First Beast-creation Ancestor actually had a relationship, they both had the Evil Creation Holy Body.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to leave the forest, an even more terrifying aura came from the direction of the altar!

"What’s going on? Another light guy came? " Chen Xiang immediately flew up, and looked in the direction of the altar, just as he rose into the air, a golden fire wave suddenly descended down, quickly rushing past the forest below.

"Fight..." They’re fighting! " Chen Xiang was extremely shocked, and the altar was enveloped by a burst of golden light. It was as hot as a golden sun, and it was hard to open one’s eyes.

The forest below was covered in a golden sea of fire. After a shocking explosion, the ground was suddenly torn apart, revealing a very wide and deep ravine. It was as if the two pieces of land were separated by a thousand miles.

"Beast-creation Race Emperor and a guy are fighting!" Chen Xiang could sense the aura of the Beast-creation Race Emperor but it had been completely covered by that terrifying aura of flames.

Beast-creation Race Emperor was no match for him using the golden flames!

"Could it be someone from the Initial God-creation Realm?" Chen Xiang felt that this was the only possibility, he immediately took out the golden-robed man from the Six Realms mirrors and let him sense the fire Qi.

"Whose aura is this? Do you know him? " Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord!" The golden robed man looked shocked: "He actually came to Most Ancient Era!"

"How strong is this guy?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The nine hegemons of the Chuangyuan key, what do you think?" After the golden robed man said this, he was thrown into the Six Realms mirrors by Chen Xiang.