Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang anxiously went deeper into the ground and hid. Just now, he sensed that it was Golden Fire Arrogant Lord’s spiritual sense.

"What are the nine hegemons of Chuangyuan key?" Chen Xiang asked the man in gold inside the Six Realms mirrors.

"The nine hegemons that were involved in refining Chuangyuan key with Tao-creation Divine Lord back then! They were all involved in the refining of the key, so they all had a copy of the Chuangyuan key in their hands. When the golden robed man heard that the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord had arrived, he was more excited, just a little. He knew very well that he couldn’t escape.

"Why is he here?" Chen Xiang asked again, but he had already hid deep underground.

"Someone has ascended to the top of the altar, so one of the nine hegemons will immediately rush over." The golden robed man said, "Back then, they were also the ones who refined the altar. They were able to sense the movements of the altar from within the Initial God-creation Realm.

"What are the origins of these nine hegemons? How can he be so strong? What was his relationship with the ancestors of the Tao-creation Divine Lord back then? " Chen Xiang asked again.

"They were all Tao-creation Divine Lord’s trusted aides, and then betrayed him." The golden robed man said.

Chen Xiang had long heard that the Tao-creation Divine Lord had many powerful fellows by his side, so these nine hegemons should also be considered to be part of it. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Chen Xiang had gained some understanding of the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord’s origins and he continued to pay attention to the battle situation, which was still extremely intense.

The only thing was that his aura was becoming weaker and weaker. Before, Chen Xiang could still sense a bit of his aura but now, it was extremely blurry and was completely covered up by the aura of fire.

"Golden Fire Arrogant Lord’s strength should be above Beast-creation Race Emperor’s!" Chen Xiang released his spirit body and flew over to check. At the moment, the activity on the battlefield was much quieter, and should be close to the end.

After the illusions flew past, they saw that the black dragon scale armor on Beast-creation Race Emperor’s body was emitting a golden mist, caused by the intense golden flames.

"This guy actually lost!" Chen Xiang saw Golden Fire Arrogant Lord stepping on Beast-creation Race Emperor’s black helmet.

"I was very surprised that you were able to grow to this state. Merely, in the end, you ended up falling into my hands." Golden Fire Arrogant Lord laughed proudly.

Golden Fire Arrogant Lord was a bald old man with a long beard.

"Jin Huo, release him!" First Beast-creation Ancestor shouted.

The battle just now was right beside the altar. Although it was extremely intense, the altar wasn’t affected at all, so the First Beast-creation Ancestor was still fine.

"It took me so much effort to get this guy to come here. How can I let him go?" Golden Fire Arrogant Lord laughed out loud. "I won’t kill him, but I will torture this bastard to death."

Chen Xiang also didn’t know what grudge the Beast-creation Race Emperor had with the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord that actually caused the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord to have such a vengeful heart.

"Which scoundrel is spying on us here?" Golden Fire Arrogant Lord was powerful enough to discover Chen Xiang’s illusion.

Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, he immediately put away the illusion and was about to leave, but he suddenly realized that there was hot air coming towards him.

"We’ve been discovered!" Chen Xiang immediately used the Broken Sky Curse to escape, but after running for a few steps, it was sucked in by a strong burst of spatial energy.

The Golden Fire Arrogant Lord used the Time and space power to move him over.

When First Beast-creation Ancestor saw that Chen Xiang was brought back, he scolded Chen Xiang in his heart. Why didn’t he run further away?

"I’m just passing by!" Chen Xiang anxiously said: "I came to take a look out of curiosity."

"Humph? The way you peek at it is really brilliant. I almost didn’t notice it, tell me what kind of technique it is? Pass it to me, I can leave you a complete corpse. " The Golden Fire Arrogant Lord laughed.

Chen Xiang secretly accumulated energy. The Golden Fire Arrogant Lord would never let him live, the enemy was strong, he did not know if he could beat them.

"Golden Fire Arrogant Lord, right? "Previously, when I was climbing onto the altar, there was a guy who came by. I wonder if you know who that guy is?" Chen Xiang suddenly said, he had felt that the Qi on the golden-robed man’s body was similar to that of Golden Fire Arrogant Lord.

When the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord heard him, he immediately went forward and grabbed Chen Xiang by the collar and roared: "Where is he, quickly tell me! I don’t have many methods of killing, but I do have many methods of torturing others! "

The golden-robed man was extremely important to the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord, Chen Xiang could already see through it!

"As long as you swear a blood oath not to kill me, I will let you see him." Chen Xiang said, if there was no absolute guarantee that he would release the crippled man in gold, the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord would definitely kill him.

"You want me to swear a blood oath?" "No, well, I’m going to torture you now, using all the torture I have until you tell me where that man is!" The Golden Fire Arrogant Lord laughed sinisterly.

Just as Golden Fire Arrogant Lord was about to attack Chen Xiang, Beast-creation Race Emperor who was lying on the ground suddenly jumped, his body was filled with a strong killing intent, and fiercely crashed onto Golden Fire Arrogant Lord’s body, causing him to fly out.

Chen Xiang was shocked. Beast-creation Race Emperor had saved him for a while!

Golden Fire Arrogant Lord was enraged that he was hit, he had already summoned a sharp blade, the flame on the blade was burning, aimed straight for Beast-creation Race Emperor’s head!

"Stop or I’ll kill this guy!" Chen Xiang pulled the golden robed man out of the Six Realms mirrors and grabbed his neck tightly.

"Feng’er!" When Golden Fire Arrogant Lord saw the golden robed man, he immediately stopped. At the same time, an extremely ferocious killing intent exploded out, enveloping the entire sky.

"Throw that guy over here, quick!" Chen Xiang shouted.

Golden Fire Arrogant Lord grabbed Beast-creation Race Emperor and bellowed: "Release him first!"

"Beast-creation Race Emperor and I have a grudge, I just wanted to get rid of him with my own hands. If you want to make a move, then go easy on me. " Chen Xiang laughed loudly, "Is this guy your son or your grandson? Even though he was crippled by me, he’s still alive. Do you believe that I won’t start torturing him right now? I don’t know much about torturing people, I only know how to do it for free! "

The golden robed man was extremely important to Golden Fire Arrogant Lord, so he didn’t dare act rashly.

"Swear a blood oath!" Chen Xiang shouted.

"Wishful thinking!" I never swear a blood oath! " Golden Fire Arrogant Lord shouted angrily, throwing Beast-creation Race Emperor back to Chen Xiang, and shouted: "It’s your turn to let him go! If you push me too far, I will throw caution to the wind, do you dare to gamble? "

Chen Xiang looked at Golden Fire Arrogant Lord. This bald old man’s eyes were filled with a ruthless aura, he really might do something.

He gritted his teeth as he activated his strength and threw the golden-robed man far, far away. He then dragged Beast-creation Race Emperor and sprinted forward, using the Sky Breaking Incantation on him more than ten times.