Just as Chen Xiang ran away, the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord attacked the area where he disappeared in a frenzy. The altar was surrounded by golden flames and purgatory, even when the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord was gone, the surrounding area continuously burned with golden flames, completely covered by the golden sea of flames.

At night, within an ancient and lush forest, Chen Xiang was sitting next to a bonfire inside a tree hole, watching the Beast-creation Race Emperor that was lying on the ground.

"I originally wanted to ask how First Beast-creation Ancestor dealt with this Beast-creation Race Emperor, but I never thought that I would actually save Beast-creation Race Emperor, what’s going on?"

Chen Xiang stood up, kicked Beast-creation Race Emperor twice, and said: "Since you’re not dead yet, you better take care of yourself! You saved me, and I saved you.

After he finished speaking, he was about to walk out of the hollow tree, but was grabbed by one of the Beast-creation Race Emperor’s legs.

"If you want to live a little longer, then stay!" Beast-creation Race Emperor’s voice was very low and deep, if Chen Xiang’s hearing wasn’t good, he wouldn’t have been able to hear what she was saying.

Chen Xiang exerted a little more strength and got rid of Beast-creation Race Emperor’s hand, quickly walking out of the tree hole.

Not long after he walked out of the tree hole, spots of light appeared in the sky. He looked over with rapt attention, and discovered that they were huge golden birds that were flying high in the sky.

"It’s the aura of the metal flame. Could it be looking for me?" Chen Xiang had thought that it would take a while for the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord to arrive after he took the golden robed man away.

He immediately returned to the tree hole.

"You won’t be able to escape. The Golden Fire Arrogant Lord will do everything to catch you." Beast-creation Race Emperor’s voice was still just as low. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang walked over and rudely took off the mask on Beast-creation Race Emperor’s head. It took a lot of effort and the Beast-creation Race Emperor was even continuously resisting it.

After taking off the Beast-creation Race Emperor’s helmet, Chen Xiang was stunned, beneath the helmet was a frail and cold lady. Her pair of charming phoenix eyes were filled with coldness, anger and killing intent.

"Beast-creation Race Emperor is actually a woman!" Chen Xiang could not help but ask.

"I will dig out your eyes!" finally heard her true voice, hoarse and ice-cold.

"First Beast-creation Ancestor is your father?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"He is not worthy to be my father." Beast-creation Race Emperor raged: "He was the one who killed my mother!"

Chen Xiang curled his lips, this was a very complicated family matter.

"As a Beast-creation Race Emperor, you control such a powerful race, yet you commit many evil deeds." Chen Xiang snorted.

"When did I do evil?" The Beast-creation Race Emperor sneered.

"Your monster horde ate quite a few humans." Chen Xiang said. Many cities in the Most Ancient Era were attacked.

"You need to understand that I do not have complete control over the beast herd! You should know that God-creation Race and our Beast-creation Race are very close to each other, and those beasts were created by them! They are all human beings, but after acquiring this batch of beasts, they were immediately used to deal with their own kind. What does this have to do with me? " The Beast-creation Race Emperor sneered: "Those Creation Race’s evil deeds add up to more than me!"

"When your Beast-creation Race was obviously being persecuted by these Creation Race, why did you join hands with them?" Chen Xiang was truly speechless, it turned out that a large number of beasts were controlled by God-creation Race and Fire-creation Sacred Race.

"I just sold a large group of beasts to them, so that they could kill each other and also obtain enough resources to help us level up. Furthermore, after they have enough power, they will try to get the Medicine-creation Divine Continent to help them, so I just want to sit and watch a good show." Beast-creation Race Emperor smiled coldly with ridicule all over his face: "It’s a pity that this bunch of people are too useless! My guys are in a mess because of them. "

Chen Xiang’s illusionary body could see the occasional golden light dots flying past high up in the sky.

"Are all the giant golden birds sent by the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It should be the materialization of the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord’s divine origin energy, able to produce countless of them. If it is discovered ... Golden Fire Arrogant Lord will definitely think of a way to come to your side. If you want to live, you better listen to me. " The Beast-creation Race Emperor said, "You just stay here ... Also, I saved you before because I didn’t want the nine Chuangyuan key to disappear just like that. Don’t think too much about it. "

Chen Xiang snorted, and asked: "What do you need Chuangyuan key for? Save your father? "

"Pah! I just want to take him down and torture him. Who wants to save him?!" The Beast-creation Race Emperor said coldly.

"Don’t kill me!" Chen Xiang did not trust Beast-creation Race Emperor.

"Before, you successfully struggled free from my grasp. I said that if I didn’t kill you, then I wouldn’t. If you dare to question me again, I’ll kill you." Beast-creation Race Emperor’s haggard face was filled with anger.

Chen Xiang was speechless. After all, those Creation Race s were actually the ones who acted against him from the back. Ice-creation Sacred Race probably did not participate because Ice-creation Race Emperor was very afraid of Beast-creation Race.

"Let me ask you, what is the relationship between you and the traitor elders in the Medicine-creation Divine Continent’s divine trees?" Chen Xiang kept having the feeling that those elders were already related to the Beast-creation Race s a long time ago.

"Those elders are all people from the Creation Race, it has nothing to do with us." The Beast-creation Race Emperor said in a cold voice, "Moreover, they caught a lot of beasts very early on and they hid inside the divine tree to wait for us Beast-creation Race to break the seal and return. Just like back then, they used a cruel method to obtain the power of the divine tree through the creation of a beast!"

"Anyways, these Creation Race are not good stuff, and are also so fond of our beasts. I will sell them a lot of things, and wait for them to devour the Nine Divine Tree’s power again like they did in the past. Eventually, the people on top of the Initial God-creation Realm will intervene, and after that, the two sides will fight to the death."

Chen Xiang would definitely not allow such a thing to happen. If the Most Ancient Era was destroyed, there would be nowhere else to go, especially the Medicine-creation Divine Continent.

"I, Most Ancient Era, will protect both of you well." Chen Xiang looked at Beast-creation Race Emperor: "I do not care about the enmity between you and your father, but if you are trying to destroy Medicine-creation Divine Continent, I will fight you to the death!"

"Also, I will definitely save your father, because I want his indestructible body."

"With just you? There are nine hegemons above Initial God-creation Realm, and all of them are as terrifying as the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord! Even Golden Fire Arrogant Lord would not dare to use all of his strength when he comes to the Most Ancient Era, because once he activates the barrier that Tao-creation Divine Lord had set up all those years ago, even he would die, so how are you going to protect the barrier that restricted them from going down? " The Beast-creation Race Emperor mocked.

"I only have my own ways!" Chen Xiang knew that the enemy was very strong, but he would not give up.

"How much longer do you need to recover?" I don’t want to stay here for too long! " Chen Xiang still had a lot of things to do.

"After entering the Time Formation, you will probably need to wait for one or two years. My injuries are really too severe." Beast-creation Race Emperor was lying on the ground and unable to move. Both her body and Divine Sense Sea were severely injured.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!