Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Is that a problem?" The only way for me to not be afraid of the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord is to make a breakthrough in hell and cultivate my World Defying Stage Divine Source! " Chen Xiang felt that this was not a problem. He was a Alchemist with a few medicinal herbs in his hands.

"Cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source? It required a very large amount of energy to support it. Back then, the Nine Divine Tree had almost been sucked dry, but not many people were able to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source? The energy in the Infernal Realm is sparse. Since you were able to break through in the Infernal Realm, you can only dream of doing so. " Long Yue was very sure and scoffed at Chen Xiang’s words.

"It’s just that you think so. I have confidence in myself." Chen Xiang stuck his tongue out at Long Yue, "You’re just a self-righteous fellow. If you don’t think you can’t do it, then others can’t!"

"You obviously think too highly of yourself, but you’re still talking about me? Don’t you know how difficult it is to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source? " Although Long Yue had successfully cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, when she thought back to the arduous process, she felt a burst of fear.

Of course, Chen Xiang didn’t know how hard it was to cultivate, but he felt that he would definitely make a breakthrough.

"When will we reach the Infernal Realm?" Chen Xiang didn’t want to continue this topic with Long Yue.

"Soon!" Long Yue coldly snorted, "What, have you thought of another way? I can actually stay in the Infernal Realm for a long time. If you can’t stay in the Infernal Realm for a long period of time, you’ll have to think of a way out for yourself. "

"You clearly cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, why are you so afraid of the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord?" Chen Xiang could not think of any other way. He could only cultivate up to the World Defying Stage Divine Source and leave when he became stronger.

"There are strong and weak World Defying Stage Divine Source. In any case, I am not his opponent right now." Long Yue hated Chen Xiang asking this question. Even though he knew that she couldn’t beat him, he still said it out loud.

"What kind of place is hell? If I want to stay there for a long time, I have to understand first. " Chen Xiang was rather curious about the Infernal Realm. There was actually such a place in the Most Ancient Era. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"There is a large group of evil villains gathering in the Infernal Realm. I don’t know how the Infernal Realm came about, but this place is very suitable for me. As long as I go to the Infernal Realm, I wouldn’t be afraid even if I met someone stronger than me." Long Yue was extremely confident.

"Why? Can you get stronger there? " Chen Xiang was puzzled, "Or could you escape even faster in hell?"

"Neither!" Mainly because there is a mysterious power in the Infernal Realm that prohibits people who have cultivated World Defying Stage Divine Source s from fighting. If two people who have cultivated World Defying Stage Divine Source s were to fight, they would be immediately teleported away. " Long Yue said: "If a person who has cultivated a World Defying Stage Divine Source wants to attack the weak, the person who possesses a World Defying Stage Divine Source will also be teleported away by the Time and space power."

"It’s that magical?" Chen Xiang felt that this was not bad, this way, he wouldn’t be attacked by people who were much stronger than him in hell.

"Now do you understand why I came to this place?" Long Yue laughed: "And your strength is also not bad. As long as you are not a fellow who has cultivated World Defying Stage Divine Source, most people will not be your match."

Chen Xiang hurriedly nodded, "Looks like Hell is an extremely safe place!"

To me, it can be said to be a completely safe place, but to you, it is not certain. There are many unreasonable things in the Infernal Realm, and one might even be stronger than you.

"In that case, how strong is the strongest person in the Infernal Realm?" Chen Xiang took advantage of the fact that he was still on his way to hell to clearly ask about matters related to hell.

"It is said that the strongest is a guy called Hell Divine Lord." When Long Yue answered this question, her expression was also filled with curiosity, because she had never seen the Hell Divine Lord before.

She had heard all about the Hell Divine Lord and she wasn’t even sure if it was true.

"Hell Divine Lord? Could it be the one who created the Infernal Realm? " Chen Xiang said in a very possible manner, "This fellow might be related to the Tao-creation Divine Lord!"

"These are all legends, because no one has ever seen the Hell Divine Lord before." Long Yue shook his head: "Don’t make wild guesses. Also, after you go to hell, you better behave yourself and not cause trouble everywhere."

"What if someone dares to provoke me?" Chen Xiang shrugged his shoulders, "Since there are a lot of evil villains in the Infernal Realm, it is inevitable that we won’t clash with them."

"If someone really dares to provoke you, then fight back depending on the situation." Because Long Yue had cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, she had never encountered such a thing in hell.

Unknowingly, Chen Xiang suddenly felt a burst of spatial and temporal aura.

"We passed through another space!" Chen Xiang anxiously shouted.

"That’s right, we have already entered hell, and are now above hell!" After Long Yue finished speaking, Chen Xiang immediately looked down, only to see a stretch of red light appearing below him.

Below us is the Infernal Realm. We are currently in the air above the infernal lava, and the Infernal Realm’s lava is extremely terrifying. The temperature is extremely high, and many of the devils that fell in and out of it are trapped in it for tens of thousands of years. Long Yue said.

"Is it really that powerful?" Chen Xiang trained in fire and was afraid of these hot things.

He let out the phantom to investigate. Not long after it left, it began to become unstable, especially after entering the hot zone of hell’s lava. It seemed as if it could be torn apart at any time.

He had used his illusion body many times and had never encountered such a situation before. The scorching waves of energy released by the hell’s lava seemed to be able to destroy his illusion body.

"The thread of illusion I released was almost gone." Chen Xiang exclaimed.

"Soul Body? You are courting death, the magma from hell is the most lethal against Evil Soul s. " Long Yue said before controlling the white mist that shrouded them to move further away from the infernal lava.

"This is the region of hell’s lava, and it covers a large area. If I were to descend from above without paying attention to it, once I fall here, I’ll definitely suffer a fate worse than death." Long Yue brought Chen Xiang and quickly left the Lava Sea of Hell. Floating above the lava made her feel scared.

"Miss Long Yue, there should be a city in hell, right?" Chen Xiang asked: "Where are you bringing me to next?"

"There are no cities, only things like Devil’s Valley. I’ll take you to a safe place and say goodbye. I don’t want to walk around without you. " Long Yue had already flown away from the Infernal Lava Sea with Chen Xiang and landed on the ground.

The Infernal Realm was a little dim and white. After leaving the Infernal Lava Sea, Chen Xiang felt waves of chilly, bone-piercing, strange wind blowing past him, causing his entire body to tremble. This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!