Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

If it were not for taking refuge, Chen Xiang would not have come to this place.

"Miss Long Yue, do you think I will be found if I go to the Medicine-creation Divine Continent to hide?" Chen Xiang had always wanted to hide in the’s divine tree.

"Originally, the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord did not dare to make a move on him. However, if he found out that you were hiding inside, he might not care about anything else and destroy the Medicine-creation Divine Continent." Long Yue was walking in the front and in the back. He noticed that there was a small road on the ground and noticed that there were people walking this way to the Lava Sea of Hell.

The enchantment around the Medicine-creation Divine Continent was very strong, but the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord was also very strong. If they were to ignore everything else, they might really be able to break through the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, when the other Creation Race attack with their large amounts of beasts, the Medicine-creation Divine Continent would definitely fall at the first possible moment.

Although the Infernal Realm was very safe for Long Yue, she was carrying Chen Xiang right now. For Chen Xiang’s sake, she didn’t forget to be vigilant while they travelled. After running for a distance, she would check her surroundings to see if there were any traces of anyone else.

"Miss Long Yue, where are we going?" Chen Xiang asked. In this hell, there were many evil spirits that soared to the sky, and they were very cold, making him very uncomfortable. However, Long Yue did not seem to have any problems with that.

"Go to Fire Devil Valley!" Long Yue said: "After entering the valley, it will be much safer. It won’t be that messy!"

"What if we’re outside right now? Is it dangerous? " Chen Xiang originally wanted the spirit body to investigate, but Long Yue warned him repeatedly to not release any soul bodies here.

Many demons in the Infernal Realm only absorbed remnant souls to improve, so their perception was very strong. Once released, it would be very easy to lure the evil spirits over.

"It’s only you who’s in danger. Even if they meet me, they wouldn’t attack me. I just need to defend myself." Long Yue said: "And you won’t be able to do it, they will definitely attack you, at that time, I can only watch from the side."

"This place is only safe for you. It’s still dangerous for me. Hmph!" Chen Xiang curled his lips. He thought that it would be safe to follow Long Yue, but it seems that way.

If he met with danger, Long Yue could only stand by and watch without doing anything. He simply could not help, and this would only make him feel even more uncomfortable.

"You don’t have to worry too much. As long as you enter the Fire Devil Valley, you will be safe. It won’t be too far, you just need to run for another two days." Long Yue said.

"Can’t you fly?" Chen Xiang curled his lips and said. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"No, flying in the air will attract even more attention. In short, in the Infernal Realm, it’s best not to emit any of the aura. Outside this place, there are many hungry demons, and your aura is abnormal here, attracting them even more." Long Yue warned Chen Xiang as he ran.

"Why is my aura the most abnormal here?" Chen Xiang kept feeling that he had entered a thief’s nest, and he had to be extremely careful inside, "Humph, I don’t believe that I can’t beat those Evil Demons!"

Long Yue had always underestimated him, and had always said that the demons were very strong, which made Chen Xiang feel very uncomfortable.

"Your aura is not evil, but it is filled with righteous energy. Normally, those who come to hell will choose to enter Hell when they have no other choice. Some will even sign a blood contract with the Hell Tablet." Long Yue said.

The aura Chen Xiang released was indeed out of place in the Infernal Realm. Since Long Yue possessed the Evil Creation Saint Body, there was no need to explain the Evil Qi on his body.

"What is the Hell Tablet? What contract is there to sign? " Chen Xiang suddenly felt that this hell was not a simple one. There were many secrets hidden and he wondered what the connection was between this hell and the Most Ancient Era.

"After signing the contract with the Hell Tablet, you will need to remain in hell forever, never to leave hell. Once you die, your soul will also belong to the Hell Tablet." Long Yue said, "There is a Hell Tablet inside the Fire Devil Valley. When you go in, you must not be bewitched by it!"

"Then what’s the benefit of signing a blood contract with the Hell Tablet?" Chen Xiang wanted to understand this matter, "Are there a lot of demons and Hell’s Stele contracts here? What are the characteristics of this guy? "

"More than half of the devil villains have signed a contract with the Hell Tablet! "As long as you sign a blood contract with the Hell Tablet and are seriously injured, as long as your soul and body are not destroyed and can smoothly reach the side of the Hell Tablet, you will be able to recover immediately." Long Yue said, "I once saw a guy being beaten to the point where he only had half his head left. After getting to the side of the Hell Tablet, he would immediately recover, and other than that, every ten thousand years, he would receive the power bestowed by the Hell Tablet. As long as he goes to a place with the Hell Tablet, the Hell Tablet would automatically send energy into his body."

"It’s so magical!" Chen Xiang was somewhat moved when he heard this.

"It is indeed miraculous. If you decide to keep hell forever, then go ahead and sign the blood contract." Seeing Chen Xiang’s moved face, Long Yue snorted: "I’ve already reminded you, when the time comes, don’t blame me if you regret it."

"Do you usually recognize those guys as having signed a blood contract with the Hell Tablet?" Chen Xiang laughed: "If you can recognize him, once we become enemies with him, you don’t have to be lenient anymore."

"You can’t tell, but most of the people here are evil monsters. Once they start fighting, you don’t need to show any mercy, you can just get rid of them." Long Yue said.

Chen Xiang could already see a flashing red light in the distance. It was the light released by the burning red flames on the top of a mountain.

"That’s the Fire Devil Valley. We’ll be there soon." As long as they reached there, Chen Xiang would be safe. Although she was by Chen Xiang’s side now, she would not be able to fight as long as she cultivated World Defying Stage Divine Source.

Chen Xiang did not think much of it, he was confident in his own strength.

"Don’t be careless!" Just as Long Yue finished speaking, a gust of strong wind blew over, as black astral winds assaulted the area, bringing with it a sharp, sinister laughter.

"Crap, these guys are actually lying in ambush here!" Long Yue scolded in a low voice, then pulled Chen Xiang to a stop. She wanted to bring Chen Xiang and rush over, but she was worried that there would be a conflict during the charge, so when the time came, she would be teleported away.

"Don’t be afraid of them!" Chen Xiang said in a low voice.

Only to see three middle-aged men standing in front of him, laughing sinisterly. Their laughter was extremely unpleasant to hear.

Long Yue grabbed Chen Xiang, and turned around to sprint forward. However, another gust of wind appeared in front of them, and those three black-clothed middle aged men appeared right in front of them.

"This woman has managed to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source, but don’t worry!" Haha... Don’t run away, just obediently give us that brat. " The middle-aged man with a square face laughed out loud and said: "We are the Wind Demon Group, you should have heard of our name before!" The first thing he did after sending the book was to look at the original content!