Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Long Yue was very angry, she hated this kind of small thing for being so presumptuous towards her. If not for the restrictions in hell, she would have already ripped these three people into shreds.

"Show us some respect and let us go." Long Yue still endured it. If she could not bear it, she could not do anything, but once she made a move, she would be sent away by a wave of Time and space power.

Although he could not do it, he could at least give Chen Xiang some pointers.

"You are a woman who has cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source. Why are you bringing this brat along? Who is he to you? Are you trying to pick the sun to nourish the yin? Haha... It’s fine if you release him, but just wait on us three brothers for a few nights. " That big brother’s face was shining with a lustful purple light as he laughed lewdly.

Chen Xiang looked at Long Yue, as if she would explode with anger at any time. It was already very rare for her to be able to endure such words coming out of her mouth.

"Alright, alright. We won’t need too many nights. Just a few hours, and we’ll settle it here." The square-faced elder brother said.

"I... I want to tear off your flesh bit by bit. " Long Yue was enraged, and growled.

"Come, come! Quickly come, hahaha ..." The two middle-aged men by his side also laughed loudly.

"Chen Xiang, how much certainty do you have in killing them? "Use all of your strength, and don’t hold back at all!" Initially, Long Yue did not want Chen Xiang to have any conflicts with the evil villains here. On one hand, the evil villains here were all very strong, and on the other hand, she was worried that Chen Xiang’s Qi would attract more attention from the demons.

"Absolutely!"

To deal with these evil beings, Chen Xiang was the best!

"Really? "Then let’s go!" Long Yue wished that Chen Xiang could swallow those three fellas.

Big brother square face sneered: "Woman, this brat was taken down from Most Ancient Era by you, right? It was very tasty with just one look. I like this type of meat that is full of righteousness the most. Haha ... Are you reluctant to give it to us? You cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source yourself, and actually brought him down here. If you had a good relationship with him, you shouldn’t have done this, but now, it’s all because of us! "

The square-faced brother could no longer hold it in, transforming into a black gust of wind, rushing over. He felt that he could take down Chen Xiang by himself.

Long Yue had already dodged to the side. Just as she was about to remind Chen Xiang, she discovered that Chen Xiang had already been wrapped up by a burst of black energy.

Chen Xiang’s entire body was wrapped in that black Qi, causing him to be unable to move.

"Little tender boy, I will first lick your entire body before I bite off your flesh one bite at a time." Brother Fang Yan’s eyes were filled with evil, and his expression was filled with emotion. He kept licking his tongue, leaving behind a lot of saliva.

Chen Xiang felt nauseous.

"You’re really unlucky. You ran into me the moment I came to hell!" Chen Xiang said coldly.

"Kid, have you gone stupid? I should have said that, hahaha ... " The square-faced elder brother laughed out loud, "Second brother, third brother, did you hear that just now?! This brat is actually very arrogant!"

Just as he finished saying the word berserk, Chen Xiang spouted out a stream of red and black flames. These were the legendary dragon fire released after the fusion of the three Red fire dragon.

This legendary dragon fire congealed a divine origin energy, and the divine origin energy let the flames turn into a sharp spear, shooting out from Chen Xiang’s mouth and instantly penetrating the square-faced big brother’s forehead.

After fusing the three Red fire dragon with the Killing evil dragon, Chen Xiang had already turned into a killing dragon. His Divine Origin Qi had greatly increased, and his fusing with it was even scarier.

After big brother square face’s head was penetrated, he was still injected with the legendary dragon fire. This dragon fire was violent and filled with a vicious aura, and the evil aura contained within it was not any less than the evil spirits here. After wreaking havoc in big brother square face’s body for a while, it exploded, turning him into a pile of black dust.

was also shocked. Previously, when Chen Xiang had struggled free from her hands, she thought that Chen Xiang had used some kind of small method to remove the bones in her arms. But now, it seems that Chen Xiang had true ability!

"Big... "Big brother!" That Second and Third Brother immediately roared and rushed towards Chen Xiang, turning into a burst of black gale. They really didn’t expect that their most powerful brother would be killed in such a manner.

Chen Xiang’s body also emitted a lot of air currents. After the opponent transformed into a black astral wind and blew over, his body charged forward, accompanied by a strong gust of wind. The wind carried a strong legendary dragon fire as it collided with the incoming black astral wind!

After the two strong winds hit each other, the scorching air waves exploded. The second and third brother fell to the ground some distance away, their bodies covered in flames. They rolled on the ground and cried out miserably.

Chen Xiang flew over, called out his Heavenly magic sword, and thrusted fiercely towards them.

"You want to eat me with trash like you?" Chen Xiang said coldly: "You don’t have any ability, and yet you still dare to act so arrogantly and block my way to kill you!"

When Chen Xiang thrusted the sword, he released waves of legendary dragon fire, making the two middle aged men scream even more loudly. Their bodies were already completely blurry from Chen Xiang’s stabbing, and they were even tortured like this before they died.

However, Long Yue was secretly pleased, she realized that she had still underestimated Chen Xiang’s strength!

The remaining two Evil Demons died a miserable death under Chen Xiang’s incineration, turning into ashes. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Why is the Evil Qi on you so strong? What exactly is going on with that flame? " The wave of aura that Long Yue had been holding in in in his heart for some time had finally disappeared.

"Secret!" Chen Xiang laughed: "You only need to know that if I use Evil Spirit Force, the ones who can cultivate God’s Origin Qi will not be my match."

"It should be the power of the Killing evil dragon! Although it has already turned into another kind of aura, I can still differentiate one thing from another. " Long Yue said.

Chen Xiang did not expect Long Yue to sense it. Logically speaking, the Red fire dragon had already transformed into a different kind of Qi after fusing with the Killing evil dragon. Although it carried a trace of Evil Qi, it was no longer the original Killing evil dragon’s Qi.

"Let’s hurry up and head to the Fire Devil Valley!" Chen Xiang said.

"Humph, if you meet such a fellow in the future, just directly attack him!" Long Yue said, she secretly chided herself for underestimating Chen Xiang, if not the three Evil Demons would not have had the chance to say such unpleasant words.

When Chen Xiang previously saw Long Yue being insulted in such a manner without being able to retaliate, he knew that those who managed to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source would not be able to live a good life.

"Do you often get bullied here?" Chen Xiang laughed: "Looks like people who can cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source do not live a good life here!"

"Hmph, that’s only when we meet this kind of disgusting bug. Hell is so big, it’s hard to avoid this kind of disgusting bug that doesn’t know how high the sky is and how deep the earth is!" If they meet some other people who are afraid of death, they would be very afraid of those who can cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source s, because our group is like someone who has a large amount of resources, and we can use these resources to place a bounty on those smelly bugs. " Long Yue thought back to the words of the square-faced big brother and felt disgusted.