Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Long Yue brought Chen Xiang and entered the Fire Devil Valley, which also caused Long Yue to heave a sigh of relief.

There were no guards at the entrance of Fire Devil Valley, so it did not look very tight. The entire Fire Devil Valley was not very big, and could only hold around a hundred thousand people. Long Yue had said before that there were not many people in the Infernal Realm.

"Miss Long Yue, do you have any alchemist experts in hell?" After Chen Xiang entered the valley, he had to find something to do. As a Alchemist, he would obviously need to find some medicine shop to go around.

"Yes!" There were two or three in the Fire Devil Valley, but they were usually in closed doors. What, you want to find them to refine pills? If you have enough Tao-creation Divine Crystals, they will help you refine pills as well. " Long Yue said: "But don’t put all your hopes on this. Although pills can help people improve, in the Infernal Realm, pills are extremely precious."

"I know that the environment in the Infernal Realm is vile. It is difficult to grow medicinal herbs. There definitely won’t be that many medicinal herbs for alchemy." Chen Xiang was a little surprised. He f * cking thought that there really was a Alchemist in the Infernal Realm.

"No, there are many strange herbs in hell ..." You’ve already seen the infernal lava before. The infernal lava itself is formed from energy. " Long Yue argued, "The Infernal Realm only does not emit any energy. However, it will hide itself in the ground, or perhaps concentrate itself in a certain region, so there are quite a few rare medicinal ingredients here."

"Fire Devil Valley is a very small place. If you go there, you will understand."

Chen Xiang felt that hell was becoming more and more strange.

"Are all the Alchemist here powerful?" Chen Xiang asked again. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Of course they’re powerful. The majority of the Alchemist s that can come here are those people who have nowhere to go. It can be seen that their skill level is not low." As Long Yue and Chen Xiang walked in the Fire Devil Valley, it attracted a lot of attention.

It was mainly because of the Qi on Chen Xiang’s body, which was out of place with the place.

"If we had known earlier, we would have disguised ourselves before coming in." Long Yue did not get used to it no matter how many people looked at her. She used to wear a mask.

Chen Xiang didn’t mind, because Long Yue had said before that the Fire Devil Valley was very safe.

"There are many Saint Crystal lode in this place, as long as you can find them, you can dig them up anytime you want." Long Yue said softly as he led Chen Xiang to a big inn.

Just as they arrived at the tavern’s entrance, Long Yue and Chen Xiang saw a large group of people dressed in purple light armor walk out. These people looked very rude and unreasonable, the tavern’s owner did not even dare to speak loudly when he saw them.

"This woman cultivated World Defying Stage Divine Source, how can she mix with such a man?" The leader, a purple-armored man, stared at Chen Xiang and Long Yue. His name was Ling Yanghong, and he was the leader of the Purple Demon Conglomerate.

Chen Xiang had seen the situation where the Wind Demon Group was not afraid of Long Yue, so he was not surprised to see them acting so arrogantly in front of Long Yue.

"All of you, get out of the way!" Long Yue shouted coldly.

"Yo!" A woman with a good personality, hahaha ... " Ling Yanghong laughed sinisterly, sweeping Long Yue up and down with a frivolous manner: "Come? Beat me up! "

Long Yue could not hit her, otherwise, she would be sensed by the mysterious power and would be immediately teleported away.

Chen Xiang saw that Long Yue was angry, but did not say anything. Previously, when Long Yue came, he said that this place was not bad, but not long after, she was angered by the second wave of people.

"Who are you people? Aren’t you afraid that I’ll put a bounty on you? " Long Yue was enraged, he clenched his fists.

"We are the Purple Demon Group, the famous Purple Demon Group. Have you never heard of it?" You must have just come here, did you bring this kid down from above? It looks delicious, and its smell is very proper. " Ling Yanghong looked at Chen Xiang and licked his lips.

"Alright, Purple Demon Group, you guys keep that in mind!" Long Yue had already decided to use a large amount of Tao-creation Divine Crystals to reward them.

"We’re not afraid of the bounty, so we kill as many as we can. We were just worried that no one would come find us, hahaha ..." Ling Yanghong laughed, and the other team members behind him also laughed along.

Long Yue was so angry that her entire body was trembling, she started to feel that hell was not a good place for her, at least she could not release her anger as much as she liked, if she did not cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source, she would have already started fighting with the people in front of her.

Ling Yanghong was not afraid of the bounty, because even though Long Yue had offered a high bounty, the strongest person chasing after him was only slightly stronger than him, and their entire Purple Demon Conglomerate was very strong, so he was not afraid.

Furthermore, he liked to provoke those who could cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source, not to mention that Long Yue was an Ice Mountain Beauty.

Chen Xiang, on the other hand, didn’t mind. After all, Ling Yanghong didn’t directly target him. Furthermore, he was not very familiar with Long Yue either, and did not get angry because of Long Yue.

Long Yue pulled on Chen Xiang’s clothes, and angrily led Chen Xiang to avoid this group of people from the Purple Demon Conglomerate. Chen Xiang felt that this Fire Devil Valley was not that safe, if they met someone who was shameless and did not fear death, no one would be able to do anything to them.

"Halt!" Ling Yanghong was even stronger than him.

"What are you guys doing?" Long Yue shouted.

"We want to eat this brat. Name a price and sell him to me!" Ling Yanghong looked down and laughed sinisterly.

"Wishful thinking!" Long Yue was infuriated, but she could not do anything as she could not do anything. This was the first time she felt that the restrictions on people who could cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source in the Infernal Realm was extremely difficult.

Chen Xiang’s expression turned cold, this group of people were finally going to provoke him.

"You don’t want to sell it, do you? "That’s even better, we’ll just directly snatch it, haha ..." Ling Yanghong laughed sinisterly and came in front of Chen Xiang.

"Look at your righteous aura, but what’s the use? "You are much weaker than us fiendish demons. Tonight, you are our food." Ling Yanghong rubbed his hands, signalling to the others to surround Chen Xiang.

"I hate upright people like you the most. To actually come to the Infernal Realm, you should be avoiding death. Hahaha, truly laughable." Ling Yanghong laughed.

"What the hell is it to you that I’m here? Are you an overlord of the Infernal Realm? A scoundrel like you, don’t even mention eating me, you’re not even qualified to touch me! " Chen Xiang was not afraid of this group of purple demons. Since the other party had already stepped out of bounds, there was no need for him to hold back.

"What an arrogant kid, he sure tastes good when he eats it!" Although I am not the overlord of hell, I am the overlord of Fire Devil Valley. Fire Devil Valley’s Fire Demon Group has already been eliminated by us. "I hate the way you look at me. I hate the way you look at me when you’re so high and mighty in front of me. I want you to kneel down!" The first thing he did after sending the book was to look at the original content!