Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Ling Yanghong really couldn’t stand Chen Xiang’s current expression. He waved his hand and had the other team members surround him. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The people of Fire Devil Valley knew that the Purple Demon Conglomerate was causing trouble and surrounded them. They were not afraid of the fierce battles that broke out here, because in their eyes, Chen Xiang did not have any chance to resist. Although Long Yue had cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, she could not do anything.

Long Yue was extremely anxious in her heart, she could not bring Chen Xiang along either, the purple demon group was much stronger than the wind devil group, she could not rush out without using her own World Defying Stage Divine Source, but once she used it, she would be teleported elsewhere.

"What if I don’t kneel?" Chen Xiang said coldly.

"Then I will hit you until you kneel!" Ling Yanghong said in a cold voice, "I’ll give you a chance. If you kneel down, I won’t even bother to do anything anymore. I’ll shout three times ..."

"One, two ..."

Just as Ling Yanghong was shouting, an elderly suddenly rushed in.

"Ling Yanghong, you’ve caused enough trouble!" The old man’s hair was in a mess, his red clothes were tattered, although he was reeking of Evil Qi, he had rushed out to stop Ling Yanghong, showing that he was a good person.

"Old Huo ... You haven’t killed yourself? Hahaha... If I don’t kill you, I’ll just leave you with your dog life, causing you to commit suicide in humiliation. I find this method of death very satisfying. " When Ling Yanghong saw the old man, he laughed wickedly: "Are you jumping out to protect this boy?"

"When I first established the Fire Devil Valley, it was to give everyone a comfortable environment! Ever since you guys arrived, the Fire Devil Valley has never been at peace! As long as I still have one breath, I will definitely stop you guys from bullying others. " The old fire demon spoke with righteousness and caused Chen Xiang to secretly admire him.

Long Yue had told Chen Xiang before that many of the people in the Infernal Realm were villains who deserved to die. The Wind Demon Group and the Purple Demon Group were the same, but the Fire Demon in front of them was a very good old man.

Chen Xiang had already made the best preparations to take action. Not to mention the other party wanting him to kneel, even if he had to lower his head, he would absolutely not compromise.

"Lao ..." Chen Xiang originally wanted to let the fire devil retreat, but he didn’t think that Ling Yanghong would take a step forward. With a wave of his long blade, the quick blade chopped off the arm of the fire demon, and then smashed onto the chest of the fire demon, knocking the fire demon down to the ground.

Ling Yanghong stomped his foot on the Flame Devil’s face, and said with a cold laugh: "Old fellow, you still think that I didn’t abuse you enough last time right?"

"Brat, quickly kneel down!" Ling Yanghong pointed his blade at Chen Xiang: "If you dare look at me again, I will dig out your eyes!"

"You evil demon, I think you are dirty! This evil demon of yours is not worthy for me to see. Even if you have a person’s body, I would still feel that it is insulting! Let me tell you, even if you want to kneel to me, you are not qualified, and the Evil Demon is not worthy to be in my eyes! "

Chen Xiang had already reached out and grabbed Ling Yanghong’s purple colored long blade. Red and black colored scales overflowed from his hand, then turned into dragon claws!

"There’s something inside this kid’s body ..." "There’s a dragon!" Ling Yanghong was shocked, and anxiously shouted: "Quickly take him down, we have dragon meat to eat!"

As soon as Ling Yanghong finished speaking, Chen Xiang grabbed his long blade and pulled with great force, pulling Ling Yanghong over, his other hand also turned into a dragon claw, the tip of the claw converging, its sharp claws piercing straight towards Ling Yanghong’s abdomen!

With a hualala sound, Chen Xiang’s dragon claw directly pierced into Ling Yanghong’s abdomen, and then, it erupted with a scorching dragon aura that poured into Ling Yanghong’s entire body!

Ling Yanghong was already wearing purple armor, but’s dragon claw had pierced through his body in an instant.

Ling Yanghong was the leader of the Purple Demon Conglomerate, the strongest and the most vicious, yet he had been beaten to a pulp!

Chen Xiang fiercely pulled back the dragon claw. He grabbed onto Ling Yanghong’s incomparably pitch-black heart that was emitting an evil aura.

Ling Yanghong held onto his chest, and lay on the ground, twitching with a face full of fear. He did not die, his body was being enveloped in scorching dragon flames, which was currently wreaking havoc throughout his body, causing him to feel as if countless hot nails had pierced into his body.

Chen Xiang released two clones and locked onto the people from the Purple Demon Conglomerate. Then, with a loud roar, he borrowed the power of the scarlet dragon that was slaughtering the people from his body to release an extremely strong scorching pressure that fiercely pressed onto the bodies of the Evil Demon Group. In the moment of impact, all of the Evil Demons turned into black ashes and were pressed into black ashes!

"Senior, are you alright?" Chen Xiang took out the Rebirth powder and smeared it on the fiery demon’s severed arm. He then picked up the other arm and connected it with it, quickly healing it.

The onlookers swallowed their saliva. In an instant, all of the purple fiends had been defeated. Aside from the captain, the rest had already been reduced to ashes.

Long Yue looked at the struggling Ling Yanghong on the ground and sneered: "You reckless fool, do you regret this now? Hmph, you have fled to hell with great difficulty to avoid death and vengeance, yet instead of cherishing this chance to live properly, you are now committing evil deeds everywhere. You no longer have the chance to regret your actions! "

Long Yue also felt extremely comfortable in her heart, and Chen Xiang’s strength had once again made her see him in a new light. She felt that if Chen Xiang really cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, then Golden Fire Arrogant Lord would probably not be his match.

"Chen Xiang, how are you going to deal with him?" Long Yue said: "He is not dead yet, although he is being tormented like this, I hope that he can die in a more painful manner!"

Chen Xiang walked over, bent down, and looked at Ling Yanghong’s face filled with fear. At this time, he had already completely experienced Chen Xiang’s power, and he was extremely regretful in his heart, regretting that he did not provoke Chen Xiang.

"I remember you saying that I had a righteous aura around me, right? "Alright, I’ll teach you the evil side of me right now!" Chen Xiang sneered, his eyes suddenly turned red, and he forced out a black mist from his hands.

When the black mist appeared, the surrounding people started shivering, the black mist released an evil killing intent, causing them to feel extremely uneasy. Although they were all cultivators of the Evil Spirit Qi, they were still far from Chen Xiang’s.

"Killing evil dragon Qi!" An old man shouted in fear.

Everyone suddenly realized why Chen Xiang was able to hide his Killing evil dragon so well!

"No ..." "No ...." When Ling Yanghong saw that Chen Xiang had injected the black mist into his body, he screamed miserably.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH... ..." Ling Yanghong let out a heart-wrenching scream as he tumbled crazily on the ground. The evil Qi that Chen Xiang had released was not only able to pierce into his body, but also his soul.

Many of the demons in the Fire Devil Valley were all people who killed people without thinking, while the Ling Yanghong in front of them was in so much pain that he crazily jumped up and down, and in the end, directly died from the pain.