Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Long Yue nodded her head in satisfaction, she suddenly started to admire Chen Xiang a little, and understood why First Beast-creation Ancestor had to protect Chen Xiang.

"Old senior, Fire Devil Valley is yours now." Chen Xiang smiled at the fire demon.

"No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no... It’s yours, I don’t have the ability to protect Fire Devil Valley. "The Fire Demon’s face was filled with shame, he also had endless respect for Chen Xiang, who called him senior made him even more flattered.

"I won’t stay here long." Chen Xiang said, "I still need you to maintain my Fire Devil Valley in the future."

"Alright, thank you little brother for your help!" Then, he brought Chen Xiang and Long Yue to his cave residence. When they arrived at the entrance of the cave, there were still two members of the Purple Demon Conglomerate guarding it, but they were easily killed by Chen Xiang.

Entering the Fire Devil Cave, the Fire Demons took out many good things to entertain Chen Xiang and Long Yue.

Back then, when Long Yue came to Fire Devil Valley, she had kept a low profile and did not see any Fire Demons. She only stayed here for a few months before leaving.

"Little brother, the medicine you used to treat me was not bad. I wonder if you have enough? Can you sell me some?" the fire demon asked.

"You haven’t signed a blood contract with the Hell Tablet?" Long Yue was a little surprised.

"No, I might one day leave hell too." The fire demon said, "I have a lot of enemies up there!"

"Those medicinal herbs are Rebirth powder s, I still have a lot here." Chen Xiang took out a large box and gave it to the Fire Demon.

"These are ten million Tao-creation Holy Crystals, is it enough? If it’s not enough, I still have more! " The fire demon quickly passed a Storage bag to Chen Xiang.

"Enough!" Chen Xiang smiled slightly.

"This is truly a good medicinal herb..." Did you get it from the Medicine-creation Divine Continent? " The fire demon opened it and was pleasantly surprised.

"I made it myself!" Chen Xiang laughed.

Fire Demon and Long Yue were immediately shocked, they never thought that Chen Xiang knew how to refine pills.

"You must be the Medicine-creation Divine Continent’s Pill God ... Why do you have enmity with others? Even if there is an enmity between us, we should not be forced to hide in hell! " the fire demon asked in surprise.

"Senior Fire Demon, why are you hiding here? You seem to have been here a long time. Chen Xiang asked again.

"I offended someone from the Initial God-creation Realm, I ran down there. If I appeared, they would immediately sense that someone was going to kill me, so I had no choice but to hide here until I manage to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source." Fire Demon sighed.

Chen Xiang and Long Yue looked at each other.

"We were chased by the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord." Long Yue said: "Have you heard of the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord?"

"What?" You guys actually dared to offend someone like this ... It’s true that we can only hide in hell. How did you offend him? " The fire demon was so shocked that it stood up from the chair.

"I crippled his grandson." Chen Xiang curled his lips: "This isn’t my fault. His grandson wanted to kill me first."

"This ..." He was very clear about the strength of the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord, but Chen Xiang actually crippled his grandson.

"Fire Demon, is there a very safe place here?" Long Yue asked, "I haven’t come to the Infernal Realm for many years, and before this, I didn’t understand too much about the Infernal Realm either. You’ve been in it for so many years, you should know a lot about the Infernal Realm, right?"

Fire Devil Valley was not absolutely safe, if not the Purple Demon Group would not cause trouble here.

"There is a very suitable place for little brother to go to, and that is the Dan Devil City. There are many Pill Gods who are escaping to the Infernal Realm ... But they now call themselves Dan Devil, and when everyone picks the herbs, they will sell them in Dan Devil City. " The fire demon said.

"Alright, let’s go to Dan Devil City." Long Yue said: "I’ll leave now!"

After Chen Xiang bid farewell to the fire demon, he was dragged out of Fire Devil Valley by Long Yue and headed towards the Dan Devil City.

Long Yue got the map from the Fire Demons, and started to run frantically in accordance to the map.

"Looks like the devils in hell aren’t very powerful either!" Chen Xiang said. Previously, Long Yue had said something fierce and warned Chen Xiang a hundred times.

"Hmph, even if you know how to forge pills, you still won’t tell me!" What level have you reached in your pill forging? " Long Yue had used Rebirth powder before, so she was naturally clear about its effects. It was just that she didn’t know that it was Chen Xiang who created it at that time.

"It’s hard to say. In short, I was able to reach the Divine Origin Qi stage because I ate my own pills to break through. I’ve always been eating my own pills to break through." Chen Xiang said.

Long Yue snorted, being able to eat pills to cultivate and produce Divine Origin Qi, this was the pinnacle of realms, she had never seen or heard of this kind of pill god.

"You really have the confidence to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source?" Because Long Yue had been popular with the Storm and Purple Demon Group earlier, she didn’t want to stay in this damned place any longer. She wanted to leave quickly.

Now that his hope was on Chen Xiang, if Chen Xiang managed to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source, then he would have enough strength to resist the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord.

"Of course there is. It’s just that I haven’t found the way to do it yet! Since there are medicinal ingredients in hell, then let’s go to Dan Devil City to take a look first. Maybe we can find some pretty good ones, if not, then we can only think of other ways. " Chen Xiang said.

Long Yue now had confidence in Chen Xiang. After all, he was a pill god!

"Chen Xiang, are you going to use the nine keys to release First Beast-creation Ancestor?" Long Yue said.

"Yes, he promised me that he would let me cultivate the Immortal Body. That’s why I wanted to save him." Chen Xiang laughed: As long as he allows me to cultivate my Indestructible Physique, you can do whatever you want to him! Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"There’s no need for you to remind him. I’ll definitely teach him a lesson when the time comes." Long Yue shouted in anger.

"You were born a Killing evil dragon?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes!" I am still relatively young, if not Golden Fire Arrogant Lord would not be my match at all. " Long Yue realized that when Chen Xiang looked at her, his eyes contained ridicule, and he shouted loudly.

"You only have one Killing evil dragon, so your strength is naturally weak!" Chen Xiang laughed: "And I have three!"

"Your Legendary mantra?" Long Yue had also seen Chen Xiang’s clone before.

"Yes, do you want to learn?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Even if you give it to me, I don’t know when I’ll be able to learn it! I have already grasped a type of Legendary mantra. If I were to learn the second type, I don’t even know how long it would take! " Long Yue snorted.

"I can help you learn it quickly, around a month or so... If you really want to learn, we can make a deal! " Chen Xiang said.

"Really? How come I never knew about such things? If he could learn it faster with our Beast-creation Race’s blood sacrifice, wouldn’t that be something like that? I don’t want to learn it! " Long Yue did not believe that it was true.

"No, I just ate a rock. After that, I learned it. I myself mastered three Legendary mantra ... I can break through space and escape, that’s one of them. " Chen Xiang laughed: "If you didn’t have something that I needed on you, I wouldn’t even bother to tell you about it." The first thing he did after sending the book was to look at the original content!