Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Long Yue who was running immediately stopped and stared at Chen Xiang, asking: "What did you see on my body? "You brat, you’ve been wanting to kill me from the beginning!"

"I didn’t have any ideas about you. At most, it would be a fair exchange! If you learn my Doppelgänger mantra, your strength will increase even more, and if you give me the thing, you wouldn’t suffer much of a loss. " Chen Xiang waved his hand and laughed.

"How is your Doppelgänger mantra? I only know that I can clone. I don’t know much else, so you can tell me first. " Long Yue really wanted to master the Doppelgänger mantra.

Chen Xiang told Long Yue the details of the Doppelgänger mantra. After hearing it, Long Yue felt that it was not bad and nodded slightly.

"Okay, what do you want from me? I do have many good things, but I’ve never let you see them! " Long Yue really wanted to know what treasure Chen Xiang was targeting her with.

"The scales on your body! Your scales seem to be very strong, I want to get some to make armor for you. " Chen Xiang said: "You are a Killing evil dragon, your dragon body is so big, taking out one or two dragon scales would definitely not be a loss, right?"

It was because Xiao Xianglin wanted the scales on Long Yue’s body. When Chen Xiang was fighting with Long Yue previously, he saw that the black scales surrounding Long Yue were extremely powerful and could absorb a lot of energy.

"I can give you ten pieces, but each piece is very large. As long as you take one piece, you will be able to create a set of armor!" Long Yue nodded his head, "All these dragon scales fell off automatically, so there’s no loss to me!"

"It fell off automatically? Is there a guarantee of strength? " Chen Xiang was a little worried.

"Don’t worry, I won’t screw you over!" Long Yue had already taken out a piece of black dragon’s scale.

Chen Xiang placed the dragon’s scale inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, and then said to Long Yue: "Wait!"

Xiao Xianglin examined the dragon’s scale, and after a moment, she nodded in satisfaction.

"These dragon scales will do!" Xiao Xianglin handed over a Doppelgänger mantra Soul Stone to Chen Xiang.

"Is someone hiding in your Divine Sense Sea World?" Long Yue scoffed, "You also don’t want the dragon’s scale!"

"My master wants it!" Give me the remaining nine dragon scales, and I’ll give you the Paternoster soul stone. " Chen Xiang opened up his palm, revealing that round Doppelgänger mantra Soul Stone in his hand.

Long Yue took out nine pieces of dragon’s scale and gave them to Chen Xiang, then she obtained the Paternoster soul stone as well.

"Don’t you dare mess with me!" When Long Yue took over the Paternoster soul stone, she could only trust Chen Xiang.

"Try it and you will know! Once you have successfully grasped the Paternoster soul stone, we will head to the Dan Devil City. Chen Xiang said.

Long Yue took out the Time array and ate it inside.

After Chen Xiang waited outside for an entire day, she finally came out from the Time array. Although she was still cold at the moment, her charming and cold gaze could not conceal the joy in her heart!

She had successfully grasped the Doppelgänger mantra, which was a huge improvement for her. If she were to face the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord now, she would definitely not be in such a sorry state.

"I’ve said it before, the Paternoster soul stone will not disappoint you!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Where did you get this Paternoster soul stone? I’ve lived for so long, but I’ve never heard of this kind of thing. If Most Ancient Era wanted to make a ranking list for divine objects, your Paternoster soul stone would definitely be number one. " Long Yue was full of praise for the Paternoster soul stone.

"The Paternoster soul stone was refined by my master. She is a Heavenly Incantation Master and also a Refiner!" Chen Xiang chuckled, "Your dragon scales will also be refined by her, so it won’t be long before I get a set of your armor!" Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Your master actually doesn’t concoct pills? "Then who did you learn your pill refining skills from?" Long Yue asked again.

"From what a wife like me learned, she’s prettier and more charming than you." Chen Xiang was talking about Su Meiyao, and it was Su Meiyao who had led him into the Dao of alchemy back then.

"Humph!" Long Yue was very unhappy. Although she always hid her face, she still cared a lot about her appearance. As long as she was a woman, most of them would not like it when someone said that she was not as beautiful as other women.

Seeing Long Yue’s angry look, Chen Xiang secretly rejoiced in his heart, because he felt that Long Yue had taken advantage of her and the value of that Paternoster soul stone was far greater than her dragon scale.

"How strong is your master? It shouldn’t be too bad, right? " Long Yue asked: "Since you have always been inside your Divine Sense Sea World, why didn’t you come out when you were fighting against him last time?"

"She was much weaker than me, but she was very powerful when it came to refining and using incantations. At that time, she wanted to come up with something, but I refused." Chen Xiang said.

Long Yue looked ahead, the sky was dark, and in the distance, clouds and mist appeared. She frowned, "Let’s continue on our journey, hurry up and reach the Dan Devil City!"

"What’s wrong? Is something bad going to happen? " Chen Xiang also saw the clouds in the sky.

"No, I am just worried that something else might happen. Although your strength is not weak, there are many things that happen frequently in the Infernal Realm. It is safer to enter the Dan Devil City as soon as possible." Long Yue was simply unable to protect Chen Xiang here and she could not use her own World Defying Stage Divine Source.

"There aren’t many guys here who can beat me, right?" Chen Xiang said.

"Indeed, there aren’t many of them, but sometimes there will be some kind of natural disaster or similar power that would appear. Against such power, not to mention you, even someone like us who has cultivated to the level of World Defying Stage Divine Source would find it difficult to survive." Long Yue was more worried that he would encounter such a thing.

"Is that really happening?" Chen Xiang looked at the red clouds in the sky.

Long Yue had already started to sprint: "There are, and the reason why many who managed to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source died in hell is because of these natural disasters."

The skies above the Infernal Realm had always been grayish-white and hazy. However, more than half of the sky was covered with a faint red mist. It seemed to be gradually dyed red; it was an extremely strange sight.

Chen Xiang and Long Yue had already sprinted for two days, and at this time, the red mist had already arrived above them.

"Miss Long Yue, what’s going on?" Chen Xiang was a little worried, if it was really what Long Yue had said about a natural disaster, it would definitely be filled with all kinds of dangers.

"I don’t know!" We need to increase our speed to get to the Dan Devil City. " Long Yue felt that the Dan Devil City would definitely be safer, as the cities here also had enchantment incantations for defense.

Although they had to pay a lot of fees to enter the city, they could be exchanged for a safe environment.

In front of them was the Dan Devil City. When Chen Xiang and Long Yue reached the main city gate of the Dan Devil City, the city gate was already closed.

"Damn it, it’s closed!" Long Yue fiercely kicked the huge city gate twice.

At this time, the blood mist in the air became even thicker and began to drip down!

It was raining, but the rain was red!

When the rain fell on Chen Xiang’s body, he let out a scream!

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

Chen Xiang jumped up, and the rain landed on his body, passing through his clothes and entering into his flesh.