Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Black armor had already appeared on Long Yue’s body as she took out a piece of dragon’s scale to shield Chen Xiang’s head.

"We have to get in. "I don’t know what kind of strange rain this is, but if my armor continues to be drenched like this, I definitely won’t be able to take it." Long Yue said.

"I wonder if we can hide in the depths?" Chen Xiang said.

"This won’t do. If the blood rain is too heavy, the blood water can seep deep into the ground. If it is soaked in the water, the consequences will be even worse." Long Yue scolded in a low voice: "Truly evil, I’ve never heard of such a thing even though I’ve been in hell for such a long time, yet now we’ve encountered it!"

Chen Xiang looked at the door and saw a crack, and said: "I might be able to go in, but I can’t bring you in. Why don’t you enter my divine tool first! "

"That’s the only way!" Long Yue entered Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors s.

Chen Xiang used the profoundfeng Mantra to turn himself into a gust of wind, and floated through the crack in the door.

"I still can’t do it. This Dan Devil City’s barrier is very strong, even after I transform into the profound wind, I still can’t penetrate it!" After Chen Xiang turned into the wind and was drenched in blood, his body also felt very uncomfortable.

"Use the Sky Shattering Incantation!" Xiao Xianglin said: "Estimate the distance well, and when you sprint, use the Sky Shattering Incantation. When you enter the broken space, turn into a gust of wind!"

"I can’t guarantee the direction of the Sky Shattering Incantation, so I can only try it out and try my luck!" Chen Xiang thought, and then followed Xiao Xianglin’s instructions.

He maintained a certain distance from Dan Devil City and then used the Sky Breaking Incantation. After shattering the space, he would use the profoundfeng Mantra and rush into the shattered space.

"We failed!" Chen Xiang did not succeed in entering the Dan Devil City, he simply went back and forth while using the Sky Breaking Curse.

Chen Xiang could only endure the pain and continue trying. Only after trying more than ten times did he successfully enter the Dan Devil City!

"I’m finally in!" Chen Xiang had already turned into a gust of wind, floating above the Dan Devil City.

He came to an empty alley and let Long Yue out.

"Are you okay?" When Long Yue came out and saw that Chen Xiang was exhausted, he asked anxiously.

"I’m fine!" "I’ve been soaked in that blood for too long. I’ve been injured, so I’ll be fine after a short rest." Chen Xiang said: "Quickly, bring me to a quiet place."

This was also the first time Long Yue came to the Dan Devil City. She supported Chen Xiang and quickly walked down the street, quickly finding an inn. She asked for a room and quickly brought Chen Xiang into it.

Seeing how anxious she was, the waiters all chuckled ...

Long Yue was watching over Chen Xiang in the room. Chen Xiang was currently recuperating inside the Time array, and after waiting for more than two hours, Chen Xiang came out from the Time array.

"I’ve finally recovered. The blood is terrifying." Chen Xiang thought back to this and was secretly afraid in his heart, "If I were to be drenched in that heavy rain of blood for a long period of time, I would definitely die!"

"This should be the natural disaster!" Seeing that Chen Xiang was fine, Long Yue was a lot more relieved. She sat by the window looking down the street and said: "The enchantment of the Dan Devil City is truly powerful, to be able to resist this rain of blood, it seems that they had already considered this problem when they were building this city."

What made her even more shocked was that Chen Xiang could actually enter the Dan Devil City from the outside.

"Come, let’s go out for a walk!" Long Yue said. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Chen Xiang and Long Yue walked out of the inn, and when they arrived outside, they discovered that the entire sky had turned blood-red.

The Dan Devil City was protected by a barrier, otherwise, it would have been covered by the blood rain a long time ago.

On the street, they could also hear many people talking.

"There must have been a lot of guys dying somewhere. Only by causing a bloodbath and killing would there be such a natural disaster."

"Don’t make wild guesses, I feel like this is a calamity from hell!"

"In short, we are fine now. When I first entered the Dan Devil City, I thought that giving the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals was not worth it, but now it seems like it was really worth it!"

She and Chen Xiang looked at each other. They did not need any Tao-creation Holy Crystals to enter this place!

"Dan Devil City is really strong, to be able to create such a powerful barrier to protect the entire city." Chen Xiang said as he looked into the sky.

"I wonder if there’s really a powerful God of Pills here." Long Yue felt that his understanding of hell was still too little, even though she came often.

"We’ll find out when we find out." Chen Xiang said. If it was not in hell, he would have released the mysterious body to investigate.

There were indeed many fellows in the Infernal Realm who liked to devour spirit bodies. Moreover, they were extremely sensitive to spirit bodies, so if they were to be discovered, it would be difficult for the spirit bodies to escape.

Long Yue and Chen Xiang asked some passersby on the way. After half a day passed, they still did not find anything.

"No one here is friendly." Chen Xiang curled her lips and said, "And all of them were so cold and detached."

This was different from when he was in the Most Ancient Era. In the normal human world, although he could meet unfriendly and cold people, this was only a small number.

"You have to be clear, this is hell!" Long Yue said: "Seems like I can only use another method."

She brought Chen Xiang to a hotel, asked for a private room, and ordered a lot of food. After that, she conveniently asked the waiter in charge of serving the dishes, gave him some Tao-creation Divine Crystals, and asked him about a lot of things.

There were four most famous Dan Devil s in the Dan Devil City, and all the people in the other cities had heard of this. These four apathetic pills were all very good, obtaining the recognition of many people.

They all had pill shops here, and many people would sell them to these pill shops if they found medicinal ingredients outside.

"The recent matter made Tian Yu Dan Devil extremely happy, because he had obtained two Shenyuan crystal ginseng." As Long Yue gave the Tao-creation Sacred Crystal very readily, he was very willing to say more.

"What is a Shenyuan crystal ginseng?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"I’m not too sure either. Rumor has it that it’s a medicinal herb that can help people cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source!" The waiter thought for a moment, and continued: "Oh right, according to the rumors, this place was created by a lot of people who cultivated and produced World Defying Stage Divine Source after death! The Shenyuan crystal ginseng s are blood-red all over, and are as tall as humans. "

"Where did you get it from Tian Yu Dan Devil?" Long Yue felt that as long as it was beneficial to his cultivation in the World Defying Stage Divine Source, it would be beneficial to him.

"He bought it. However, the seller had reneged on his words. That seller was also very capable, so this matter caused quite a big ruckus. " The waiter said, "They’re still causing trouble now. If you don’t believe me, you can go to Tianyu Restaurant and take a look!"

Chen Xiang and Long Yue also did not eat the dishes they ordered, and directly gave them to the waiter, as they hurriedly rushed to Tianyu Restaurant.

"Miss Long Yue, maybe we are not in a rush to get the Shenyuan crystal ginseng, we do not have the confidence to get it." Chen Xiang said anxiously: "Moreover, there is still a dispute."