Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Let’s go over and take a look. I have a lot of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, I should be able to buy them." Long Yue did not think that far, she seemed to be extremely confident in the large amount of Tao-creation Holy Crystals in her hands.

Tianyu Restaurant was pitch black. Moreover, the windows shined with a faint green light, giving off a very strange and deep feeling. Coupled with the fact that the sky was currently covered in blood-red clouds, it was even more frightening from a distance.

There were many people standing outside of Tianyu Restaurant. Some of them were sitting on chairs, completely blocking the entrance.

"Old Devil Tianyu, get the hell down here!" Below, a yellow-haired old man sat on a black dragon throne and shouted, "If you have the guts, then don’t hide inside, get the hell out here!" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Seeing this old man, Chen Xiang and Long Yue knew that he must be the owner of the two Shenyuan crystal ginseng that were tricked.

The yellow-haired old man dared to block the exit of Tianyu Restaurant, and even called Tian Yu Dan Devil this. It could be seen that he himself had a certain level of strength.

"Master, what should we do? He’s not coming out! " The middle-aged man beside the yellow-haired old man said, his face full of anger.

"I will find a way to get him out of here ... I’ll give him another day. If you don’t come out and chat with me, I’ll go look for City Lord. " The yellow-haired old man harrumphed, "We all concoct pills, yet you dare to scam me like this."

Chen Xiang and Long Yue heard the discussions of the crowd and knew that the yellow haired old man was also a Dan Devil, his name was Yellow Heaven Dan Devil.

The relationship between the Yellow Heaven Pellet and Tian Yu Dan Devil was pretty good. Yellow Heaven Dan Devil came to ask Tian Yu Dan Devil about the two Shenyuan crystal ginseng because he did not recognize them, but Tian Yu Dan Devil said that these were not good ingredients.

After Tian Yu Dan Devil obtained the Shenyuan crystal ginseng, An Nai was unable to restrain the joy in her heart and freely announced this matter to her disciple. Afterwards, those disciples also could not keep their mouth shut and spread it to Yellow Heaven Dan Devil.

When Yellow Heaven Dan Devil heard about it, he went into a rage and hurriedly gathered his men to head to Tianyu Restaurant. When Tianyu Restaurant found out that Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was coming, they hurriedly shut the door, which was why Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was blocking the door right now.

Long Yue sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, and said: "This Yellow Heaven Dan Devil has cultivated up a World Defying Stage Divine Source, so this Tian Yu Dan Devil must be the same. If it wasn’t for the blood rain outside, this Tian Yu Dan Devil would have released the power of the World Defying Stage Divine Source and let the mysterious energy teleport him away."

When two people who had cultivated World Defying Stage Divine Source met with such a conflict in the midst of a blood rain from the natural disaster, they could only resolve it by cursing loudly. They did not dare to use the power of the Divine Origin Realm, otherwise, they would be teleported away.

Everyone was happy to see such a thing happen. In any case, they couldn’t leave this place, so it seemed like a good idea to relieve their boredom.

"Old Devil Tianyu, you old thing, get out here right now!" The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil roared, his voice covering half of the Dan Devil City.

Seeing this situation, Long Yue didn’t know how to help Chen Xiang get the Shenyuan crystal ginseng.

"Actually, the Shenyuan crystal ginseng’s effects are only average, and are far from as exaggerated as the rumors say." Chen Xiang suddenly thought of something and walked out.

"Kid, what do you mean?" When the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil heard this, he was unhappy.

Everyone felt it was strange seeing someone say that to the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil, so they all looked down.

"What is the main use of Shenyuan crystal ginseng?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course it’s to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil snorted.

"And what is the basis for cultivating the World Defying Stage Divine Source?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"Naturally it is to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi!" The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil continued: "Shenyuan crystal ginseng can release a large amount of World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi, which is helpful for cultivation in the World Defying Stage Divine Source!"

"Since you can release a large amount of World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi, then why haven’t you sensed it, Senior Huang Tian?" Chen Xiang said: "Senior Huang Tian is a famous Dan Devil in the Infernal Realm. If even you are unable to sense the power within the Shenyuan crystal ginseng, then how would Tian Yu Dan Devil know about it?"

"Does his strength far surpass yours?"

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil thought for a moment, then said: "But why did he take it as a treasure? Is there something wrong with him? "

Chen Xiang laughed: The Shenyuan crystal ginseng does have a certain amount of World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi, but it is not as strong as what the rumors say, and I have even better ingredients here! I only need to eat two of these herbs to be able to help me cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi! "

Don’t speak nonsense. I know that there are pills that can help a person cultivate the Divine Origin Qi, but it’s absolutely impossible for a person to cultivate the Divine Origin Qi just by eating two pills. You’re also a person who can cultivate the Divine Origin Qi, so you should know how difficult it is to gather a strand of the Divine Origin Qi. Yellow Heaven Dan Devil’s words made many people nod their heads repeatedly.

Many people here were only within the Peak of World Defying magic realm, and it was difficult for them to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi.

Although the brat is young, I have never lied to him, I myself consumed this pill to help me break through, if you need help with breaking through, I can sell you two pills, you can try using Time array s on the spot, and if it really has the effect that I mentioned, it won’t be too late for you to pay me, it won’t be any loss for you guys. What Chen Xiang said moved the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil’s heart.

Long Yue was just watching by the side. She did not know what Chen Xiang was going to do, and she did not believe that Chen Xiang could cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi after consuming two pills.

Chen Xiang only managed to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi by refining leaves, and after he obtained the Heavenly Tree Holy Fruit, he gave two pills to Xiao Xianglin, which helped her breakthrough successfully.

"Alright, if it’s really as you say, then that Shenyuan crystal ginseng is probably only this much ... "But before that, can you let me see the medicinal ingredients you use to refine pills?" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was also very obsessed with alchemy, if he could see the herbs, he could roughly guess.

Chen Xiang took out a purple fruit. He pinched a large amount of the Purple fire tree Holy Fruit, letting it emit waves after waves of weak divine origin energy, shocking everyone!

None of the people from the Infernal Realm had the chance to see the Divine Tree Holy Fruit, so none of them knew it.

"Such a strong divine origin energy, it is indeed much better than Shenyuan crystal ginseng s! What fruit is this? " Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was suddenly very curious about Chen Xiang’s origins.

"Ziyuan spiritual fruit!" Chen Xiang randomly made up a name, and then took out two pellets: "These are Ziyuan Dan s refined with Ziyuan spiritual fruit! I only have one Ziyuan spiritual fruit with me, if senior likes it, we can discuss the price privately ... Of course, these two pellets can also be given to Senior. "

"The price is negotiable... "Let’s go!" The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil had his eyes on the Ziyuan spiritual fruit, at least he looked a lot better than it. He had been fiddling with the Shenyuan crystal ginseng for a long time and was unable to react to any kind of Divine Qi.

But the moment the fruit in Chen Xiang’s hand appeared, a burst of divine origin energy dispersed outwards, which was very shocking.

Just as Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was about to bring Chen Xiang away, the doors of Tianyu Restaurant opened. Tian Yu Dan Devil had finally come out.