Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

When the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil saw Tian Yu Dan Devil coming out, he mocked, "What are you doing out here? I don’t need your Shenyuan crystal ginseng anymore! "

Tian Yu Dan Devil snorted, looked at Chen Xiang and said: "Your Ziyuan Dan may not even have the best! You just want to take this opportunity to deceive Yellow Heaven Dan Devil! "

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil angrily said: "Old Demon Tian Yu, do you think you have the face to say that? Do you think everyone is as shameless as you?"

"Old Demon Huang, you and I were the one who gave it to each other. Who else can you blame?" Blame it on your ignorance! I am only advising you, do not be fooled anymore. Although Ziyuan spiritual fruit can release a very dense divine aura, it might not be a good thing. " The Tian Yu Dan Devil sneered.

"You are jealous that I am able to purchase the Ziyuan spiritual fruit! "Pfft, stop trying to confuse us here, I don’t believe you!" The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said.

"Tian Yu Dan Devil, if you truly feel that the Ziyuan spiritual fruit is not good enough, then can the Shenyuan crystal ginseng refine two pills so that people can cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi?" Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "The Ziyuan Dan I use the Ziyuan spiritual fruit s to refine can allow the people from the Peak of World Defying magic realm to cultivate Divine Origin Qi!"

"I... I don’t know, because I haven’t refined a Shenyuan crystal ginseng yet! " The Tian Yu Dan Devil snorted: "I don’t believe that your Ziyuan Dan can help others break through, words are useless!"

"Little brother, you just said that you want to sell the Ziyuan Dan right?" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil stood on Chen Xiang’s side.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang nodded.

"Alright, I’ll buy two crystals for my disciple. How about one hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals?" The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said.

"Deal!" Chen Xiang still had a lot of Ziyuan spiritual fruit s, and Mei Jing Sisters and the rest could copy them too, so they did not care about the Ziyuan Dan at all, not to mention the one hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals was not low.

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil bought two pills, called over a young man, and told him to eat them on the spot. Finally, he entered the Time array.

"Wait a minute and we’ll know if it’s true or not!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil had already given the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal to Chen Xiang, which proved that he trusted Chen Xiang greatly.

Tian Yu Dan Devil watched from the side. If two Ziyuan Dan s were really able to help someone cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source Qi, then it proved that the Ziyuan spiritual fruit was indeed better than the Shenyuan crystal ginseng. At the very least, he was not confident that he could use two Shenyuan crystal ginseng s to refine a pill that could help people cultivate Divine Origin Qi.

The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil’s Time array was not bad, and after waiting for half a day, the man inside came out, his face full of excitement.

"Master, I’ve cultivated the Divine Origin Qi!"

"Hehe, it seems like there is no need to doubt the effectiveness of the Ziyuan Dan ... Little brother, I’ll take your Ziyuan spiritual fruit! " Yellow Heaven Dan Devil laughed and said: "Fifty million Tao-creation Holy Crystals is a fruit after all, and I still need to plant it when I bring it back! The Shenyuan crystal ginseng I sold to Old Demon Tianyu previously was only worth twenty million Tao-creation Holy Crystals each, so it should be worth fifty million. " Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was considered rich, the two pills he bought from Chen Xiang previously cost 100 million, and now he had taken out 50 million.

"Sure!" Chen Xiang nodded.

"Wait!" Tian Yu Dan Devil hurriedly said: "Little brother, you are probably lacking a lot of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, right? I will buy your Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal for sixty million! "

After Chen Xiang heard it, he purposely revealed a difficult expression: "But Senior Huang Tian and I agreed to ... ..."

"70 million!" The Tian Yu Dan Devil said.

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil’s face was extremely ugly, he angrily said: "Old Demon Tian Yu, what is the meaning of this? Do you want to compete with me in medicinal herbs? "

"The highest bidder gets it!" The Tian Yu Dan Devil sneered.

"80 million!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil bellowed, "Follow me if you dare!"

Tian Yu Dan Devil clenched his teeth and said: "Old Demon Huang, how about this, I return the original price of the Shenyuan crystal ginseng to you, don’t argue with me! Two Shenyuan crystal ginseng s were much more effective than one! You spent one hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals to buy two Ziyuan Dan, now you’re spending another eighty million? Don’t think that just because you’re angry you’re going to lose a lot of blood! "

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil took a few deep breaths and was thinking about it. Just now, he was just as impulsive as the two Ziyuan Dan that he had spent one hundred million on were worth it. At the very least, if his disciple cultivated his Divine Origin Qi, it would be of great help to him in the future.

But buying a Ziyuan spiritual fruit for eighty million wasn’t worth it.

Just as Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was thinking about it, Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Yellow Heaven Dan Devil: "Senior Huang Tian, you promised him ... Actually, I still have several Ziyuan spiritual fruit, I did this all for him to return them to you! Shenyuan crystal ginseng will definitely not be that bad, let’s talk about it later! "

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was shocked, and immediately cooperated with Chen Xiang.

"Fine, I’ll let you win!" The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil pretended to say.

"That’s right!" Tian Yu Dan Devil took out the Shenyuan crystal ginseng and handed it over to Yellow Heaven Dan Devil while chuckling.

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil also returned the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals obtained from selling the Shenyuan crystal ginseng back to Tian Yu Dan Devil.

"Little brother, I’ll buy your Ziyuan spiritual fruit with fifty million!" The Tian Yu Dan Devil laughed.

"Didn’t you just say seventy million?" Chen Xiang frowned.

"That was an auction just now, but now Elder Huang has already left." The Tian Yu Dan Devil said.

"Then I’m not selling!" Chen Xiang pretended to be angry.

"That won’t do, you already said fifty million to Huang Tian, why aren’t you willing to sell it to me now?" This is not right! " Tian Yu Dan Devil gave a signal to the people around him to surround Chen Xiang.

"Little brother, just sell it, it’s not selling who you want to sell ..." Right now, due to the natural calamities and the blood rain, if you wish to stay in Dan Devil City peacefully, you’d better cooperate with us. " An old man said. He was a person of Tianyu Restaurant.

Chen Xiang clenched his teeth, and said: "Okay, give me the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal!"

Tian Yu Dan Devil gave the Tao-creation Divine Crystal to Chen Xiang, then happily received the Ziyuan spiritual fruit.

"As expected, he’s better than the Shenyuan crystal ginseng!" Tian Yu Dan Devil laughed: "I must plant it properly, and plant a fruit tree!"

Chen Xiang snickered in his heart, what would happen if he could grow it? After all, it was the fruit of a Purple fire tree, and if it really was grown, who knew how long it would take before it would take to bear its fruit.

"Little brother, thank you so much for selling me the Ziyuan Dan. Why don’t you come to my Yellow Sky Tower?" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil pulled Chen Xiang and laughed.

"Alright, I’ll also discuss the Pill Dao with Senior Huang Tian." Chen Xiang nodded, and then beckoned with his hand.

Long Yue gasped in surprise at the side. Chen Xiang had brought back the Shenyuan crystal ginseng, and he even had a strong Dan Devil.

When Tian Yu Dan Devil said that he would buy Chen Xiang’s fruits for seventy million, she went back on her word and even forced Chen Xiang to sell him the Ziyuan spiritual fruit. Therefore, he didn’t invite Chen Xiang to enter Tianyu Restaurant since he often did such shameless things, and it was normal for him to take it for granted.

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil brought Chen Xiang back to the Yellow Sky Tower impatiently.