Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil and Chen Xiang were in a secret living room. As he poured tea for Chen Xiang and, he also laughed loudly.

"Little brother, you’re really amazing! To think that Old Devil Tianyu was forced back by a Shenyuan crystal ginseng!" The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil laughed.

"To be honest, I’m a Alchemist. That’s why I’m very interested in all kinds of rare and precious medicinal ingredients, so I also want a Shenyuan crystal ginseng." Chen Xiang laughed: "I wonder if Senior Huang Tian can give me one?"

"Didn’t you send me a sound transmission saying that you have quite a few Ziyuan spiritual fruit? How about you trade one with me? I’m very interested in all kinds of medicinal herbs. " The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said.

Of course Chen Xiang was happy, he anxiously took out a Ziyuan spiritual fruit.

"Little brother, compared to my Shenyuan crystal ginseng, which one do you think is better? You must tell the truth! " The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said.

"I have to touch the Shenyuan crystal ginseng before I know." Chen Xiang said: "I’ve never even seen it before, but according to the descriptions in the rumors, I can deduce that the Shenyuan crystal ginseng should be not bad."

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil took out a Shenyuan crystal ginseng and gave it to Chen Xiang.

The Shenyuan crystal ginseng was indeed huge, and even taller than Chen Xiang. Its entire body was a blood-red colored crystal, and it was extremely sturdy, yet it was even heavier.

"It’s really big!" Chen Xiang exclaimed: "Even though I didn’t sense any aura, there’s definitely a lot of energy contained within."

"But if I use my divine sense to investigate, I won’t be able to find any energy within. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been tricked by that old demon Tian Yu." The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was suspicious: "Is this Shenyuan crystal ginseng really not bad?"

"It’s really quite good! Let me tell you honestly, when compared to my Ziyuan spiritual fruit, I need at least fifty Ziyuan spiritual fruit to match up to this one. "

Chen Xiang was only judging it based on his experience. If it was shown to He Fengyuan, he would be able to see the specific value of Shenyuan crystal ginseng s.

"Is this for real? But I can’t detect the energy inside! "I’ve been refining pills for many years and have seen many strange medicinal herbs, but I’ve never seen one like this before." The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said.

Not just Yellow Heaven Dan Devil, even Tian Yu Dan Devil cannot clearly know the value of Shenyuan crystal ginseng, otherwise they wouldn’t have been swindled back by Chen Xiang.

"The main reason is that the medicinal ingredients themselves have already condensed into extremely high quality crystals. Normally, when they reach this point, they would not release any aura and would even restrain themselves. When you release your spiritual sense in, it should have been quickly absorbed by the Shenyuan crystal ginseng." Chen Xiang laughed: "Senior Huang Tian, looks like I have to pay the difference in price!"

"No need, no need!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil hurriedly said: "If it wasn’t for you, I would never know the true value of Shenyuan crystal ginseng, and it would be even more impossible to take it back ... Truthfully, I can only curse at least a year and a half in front of Tianyu Inn. If Old Demon Tianyu won’t return it to me, then there’s nothing I can do about it. "

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was still very generous, he still had a Shenyuan crystal ginseng in his hands, which was enough for him to use for collection.

"Senior Huang Tian, actually refining a Ziyuan Dan is not only required for that." Chen Xiang laughed: "I will need some other medicinal ingredients to assist me. Other than that, I need a good World Defying Dan grain.

Chen Xiang took out the other medicinal ingredients and gave them to the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil.

"That’s pretty good." The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil laughed and said: "Old Demon Tian Yu is very cunning. He always likes to cheat others. He has finally fallen this time."

When Tian Yu Dan Devil bought the Ziyuan spiritual fruit, he would definitely need to go back and grow it, so he would not start using it to refine pills anytime soon. Even if he went to concoct pills, he would not be able to find any problems, and he might not even succeed in the blink of an eye.

Long Yue secretly admired Chen Xiang. Although she didn’t understand the Dan Devil s here, she knew that those who could be called Dan Devil s were all high level Alchemist s in the Infernal Realm.

And right now, Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was extremely courteous to Chen Xiang. From this, it could be seen that Chen Xiang’s level was definitely not any lower than Yellow Heaven Dan Devil’s.

"Please enjoy your tea. I suddenly remember that I have something to take care of. I’ll be back soon." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil left in a hurry.

On the other hand, Chen Xiang took the chance to give the Shenyuan crystal ginseng to He Fengyuan to study now. Since He Fengyuan had a better understanding of the situation, she would join hands with Mei Jing Sisters and the others to plant it.

"Chen Xiang, can you use the Shenyuan crystal ginseng to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source?" Long Yue asked in a low voice.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang was very sure, because he was very clear on the World Defying Stage Divine Source’s power contained within.

"That’s good!" Long Yue nodded his head: "Looks like we won’t stay here for long!"

"I also want to go up quickly." Chen Xiang wasn’t used to the environment of the Infernal Realm, although he was safe here.

The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil returned not long after. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"How annoying." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said unhappily as he returned to drink his tea.

"What’s wrong? Tian Yu Dan Devil is here to cause trouble? " Chen Xiang was worried about this.

"Not him... It’s those few Dan Devil s who have come to cause trouble for me. " Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said with an unhappy expression.

"What trouble?" Could it be that they already know the value of Shenyuan crystal ginseng? You came to ask for it? " Chen Xiang said.

"It’s not about the Shenyuan crystal ginseng ... The main thing is that when we were building the Dan Devil City back then, I made an agreement with the other three Dan Devil s that whenever there was a natural disaster, we would have to conduct a competition here. " Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said, "Now that the blood rain of the natural disaster has arrived, we have to fulfill our agreement."

"What kind of competition will it be?" Chen Xiang was actually very interested in this.

"The conditions for the pill forging competition are very harsh. If you were to lose, the consequences would be severe." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil sighed: "I really shouldn’t have agreed to it back then."

"What will happen if I lose?" Long Yue asked.

"The loser needs to give their pill house to the winner for a thousand years." The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil replied, "I hate things like this the most. I’ve only lost twice."

Huang Tian Tower was a place for Yellow Heaven Dan Devil to earn Holy Crystals. If they were to give up this place for a thousand years, it would truly be a great loss.

"Old Devil Tianyu ... he always wins ..." Sometimes we even tied. " Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said, "We are about to begin. I do not wish to participate."

"We can make them change their way of playing, for example, just lose a portion of the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals." Chen Xiang said: "This pressure won’t be too great."

If the entire Heavenly Yellow Tower were to be used for a thousand years, it would truly make him unhappy. Yellow Heaven Dan Devil did not have much confidence in his own strength, it would give him a lot of pressure.

"I wonder if they agree." The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said.

"What if he doesn’t participate?" Chen Xiang asked.

"If they don’t participate, they will join hands and destroy my Yellow Sky Tower." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said, "I’ll go talk to them. See if I can convince them to change the method of defeat!" The first thing he did after sending the book was to look at the original content!