Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang also wanted to participate in the competition, but he didn’t have any good excuses.

"Senior Huang Tian, let me go talk to them with you." Chen Xiang replied: "Maybe I can convince them."

"Alright, let’s go!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was relatively optimistic about Chen Xiang and immediately agreed. Then, he brought Chen Xiang and Long Yue downstairs.

When they were walking down the stairs, Yellow Heaven Dan Devil told Chen Xiang and Long Yue that the Dan Devil s were currently gathered at the Scorching Sun Tower, which was also Burning Sun Dan Devil’s territory.

The Dan Devil City was not very big, so they quickly arrived at the Scorching Sun Tower.

Arriving at one of the guest rooms upstairs, Chen Xiang saw Tian Yu Dan Devil. Other than that, he also saw Burning Sun Dan Devil and his son.

Burning Sun Dan Devil was a handsome middle-aged man and Smoke Charming was a woman. However, her face was covered by a white veil and it was not possible to see what she looked like.

After carefully observing them, Chen Xiang discovered that Long Yue and Smoke Charming were actually looking at each other. Although Long Yue was wearing a mask and Smoke Charming was wearing a white veil, they seemed to be extremely interested in each other.

Long Yue was wearing a mask and was wrapped in black armor. If she didn’t speak, she wouldn’t have known that she was a girl, but why was Smoke Charming so interested in her?

"Huang Tian, why did you bring this little brother here?" Tian Yu Dan Devil laughed: "I didn’t think you guys would be familiar to this extent, you guys sure are fast!"

Huang Tian said, "He’s my friend, so it’s fine if I bring him here. I also didn’t make it a secret so you can also bring people here. I don’t object."

"Huang Tian, it seems like you do not wish to participate in this competition! Actually, it’s fine if you admit defeat. Just wait until the three of us come to a decision, then you can hand over this matter to the one who won. " Burning Sun Dan Devil laughed out loud: "Anyway, you might lose, why not not not compete with me?"

"After all these years, I have always been sending people to and from the Pill Pavilion. I feel that it’s not much fun, how about we just bet a large amount of Tao-creation’s sacred crystals?" The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said: "If you can’t afford it, you can at least pay in years, which is better than giving up Pill Tower for a thousand years. If you take away my Pill Tower for a thousand years, you might not even be able to earn that much Tao-creation Divine Crystals, and you might even need to take care of it."

"I don’t think so!" The Smoke Charming’s gentle voice carried a trace of charm.

"Why not?" The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said.

"Because I do not lack Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals. I only want to occupy a Pill House after winning. I feel very happy about this." The Smoke Charming laughed softly.

"Indeed, I also feel that winning three pill buildings is a great thing, hahaha ..." Burning Sun Dan Devil laughed: "That’s why it’s still the old rule."

Tian Yu Dan Devil laughed: "Elder Huang, did you bring your friend here just to see you make a fool of yourself?"

The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was very angry, but he had no other choice. He looked at Chen Xiang, hoping that he could come up with an idea.

"I don’t think that winning someone else’s Pill Pavilion will bring me any improvement." Chen Xiang suddenly spoke out: "During the competition, one can stimulate the pill refining level, and after winning, it’s best if one could improve his level a little!"

"Then tell me!" The Burning Sun Dan Devil said.

"I think we should play like this. If we lose, we have to contribute a pill formula to the final winner." Chen Xiang laughed: "Isn’t this kind of play very exciting?"

"I think it’s good!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil immediately said: "We have a lot of pill formulas at our disposal, and we have always wanted to obtain the other party’s pill formulas. How about we just compete like this?"

They had also thought about betting on the pill formulas. If they lost once or twice, it wouldn’t be a problem. If he won, he would be able to obtain three types of pill formulas.

Even if he won the Pill Pavilion, it would only be a thousand years. If he won the pill formula, it would be a lifetime’s worth.

"If it’s just a pill formula, then I want to participate as well. I have a pill called the Extreme Heaven Pill, which can allow people in the legendary realm to progress by leaps and bounds." Chen Xiang said as he took out a few pills and distributed them to them, "You guys can try out the effects of this pill. Even if you manage to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source, you’ll be able to sense it."

"You guys are afraid of the poison, I’ll eat first!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said, then he ate it.

After the other three Dan Devil s saw this, they also ate it.

The high quality Extreme Heaven Pill was said to be able to allow a person to take two or three pills to reach the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and the difficulty of refining it wasn’t too high either.

"Not bad!" The Tian Yu Dan Devil said.

In the Infernal Realm, the Dan Devil City was rather famous. Many evil villains often came here to buy pills, but none of them possessed pills like the Extreme Heaven Pill.

"Alright, you can join." Tian Yu Dan Devil nodded in agreement. He also wanted to get this pill formula very much.

Soon after, Burning Sun Dan Devil and Smoke Charming also agreed.

"As for our pill formulas, you can rest assured that they won’t be that bad!" The competition will begin three days from now, and the location will be the Dan Devil Arena in the middle of the Dan Devil Plaza. " The Burning Sun Dan Devil said.

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil, Chen Xiang and Long Yue left for Yellow Heaven Tower.

"Great, I only lost the pill formula..." In any case, I have quite a few pill formulas that I can lose. " Yellow Heaven Dan Devil laughed.

"Senior Huang Tian, you have some confidence!" Chen Xiang didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

"Those fellows are too amazing. Although I defeated them, that was all luck." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil shook his head: "If you win this time’s competition, I won’t mind giving you the pill formulas, hehe."

"Are their pill formulas really that good?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It must be very good. They all love face, so they definitely won’t take any poor pill formulas. After all, they all hope that the other party’s pill formulas are better." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said, "You’ll know when the time comes. It’s already late, you should go rest. "

Chen Xiang and Long Yue stayed in the Huang Tian Tower and arranged two luxurious rooms for them.

At night, Long Yue went to Chen Xiang’s room.

"Miss Long Yue, what are you doing here in the middle of the night?" Chen Xiang chuckled.

"Don’t think too much, I just want to talk to you about something." Long Yue scoffed.

"What is it?" Chen Xiang laid on the bed and did not get up. Furthermore, there was still an empty space beside his bed, as if wanting Long Yue to lie down.

Long Yue walked over and sat down beside the bed. He crossed his arms over his chest and asked: "Have you seen Smoke Charming?"

"I saw her. She seems to be a very coquettish woman." Chen Xiang laughed. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"I know her!" Long Yue said: "She should have recognized me!"

"Your friend?" Chen Xiang anxiously sat up and asked, to his surprise, it was someone that Long Yue recognized.

"My mortal enemy... And she has a great background. " Long Yue snorted: "This woman is not simple, you have to be careful of her!"

"She has also cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, what can she do to me? Besides, there’s you here! " Chen Xiang wasn’t too worried. The first thing he did after sending the book was to look at the original content!