Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang flaunted Chen Xiang a little, feeling a little proud in his heart.

"Master, don’t mind me. I have no interest in her ..." Master, great beauty, you are much better than her. Chen Xiang laughed.

"You damned brat, do you believe that I’ll come out and teach you a lesson right now?" Although it had been many years since Chen Xiang kissed her on the lips secretly last time, she still remembered clearly that time when Chen Xiang had tasted the sweetness and asked.

"In bed?" Chen Xiang chuckled.

"I’m ignoring you!" Xiao Xianglin pouted.

Chen Xiang lied on his bed. There were still ten days before the competition.

"I need to earn some Tao-creation Holy Crystals!" Chen Xiang felt that in the future, he would need a lot of Shenyuan crystal ginseng s. If he wanted to replicate a lot, he would need to use up a lot of Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

He walked out of the room and knocked on Long Yue’s door.

"F * ck, this woman barged in when she came to find me. I could only knock on the door when I came to look for her." Chen Xiang thought.

After Long Yue opened the door, he asked: "What do you want?"

"Aren’t you going to invite me in?" Chen Xiang said.

"Come in!" Long Yue let Chen Xiang in and quickly closed the door.

After Chen Xiang sat down, he casually picked up the cup of tea on the table and started drinking.

"I told the Smoke Charming that you are my man, but I only wanted to anger her, don’t take it seriously." Long Yue said.

"That’s good, I’m worried that you’ve taken it seriously! However, this is not your fault. Who asked me to be a handsome, elegant, and elegant young Pill God? It’s normal for you to be interested in me. " Chen Xiang said while smiling shamelessly.

Long Yue rolled her eyes at him, but she admitted in her heart that Chen Xiang was indeed very outstanding. Otherwise, she would not pretend that Chen Xiang was her man, and use it to show off in front of Smoke Charming.

"What do you want?" Long Yue asked: "Could it be that you came here to drink some tea?"

"No, I just want to ask, how many Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals do you have?" Chen Xiang said: "You are the Beast-creation Race Emperor, you must be very rich."

"I did have a lot of Tao-creation Divine Crystals back in my day, but I’ve already spent about seventy to eighty percent of them. Even now, I only have a little more than a hundred million!" Long Yue said: "If you need to, once the blood rain from the Sky Disaster stops, I will bring you out to dig. I have already dug a lot here in the past."

"There are a lot of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals in the Infernal Realm?" Chen Xiang said in shock.

"It’s not any less than the Most Ancient Era. As long as we dare to look, we’ll definitely dig out a lot." Long Yue said: "The Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals in the Infernal Realm are usually hidden very deeply. Furthermore, the places they are at are mostly dangerous places and there will be many natural barriers."

"It’s very risky, and very slow." Chen Xiang shook his head.

"Didn’t you sell Ziyuan Dan and Ziyuan spiritual fruit before? That’s not little, you’re still lacking! " Long Yue frowned.

"I need to copy the Shenyuan crystal ginseng." Chen Xiang said: "One copy requires fifty million Tao-creation Holy Crystals. If it is used to refine pills, I do not know how much it will cost."

"Does refining pills also cost the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals?" Long Yue suddenly became curious and asked: "I have never heard of such a method!"

"This is my special training method, of course you’ve never heard of it." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Looks like you really lack Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals. I can give you the one hundred million Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals I have, but you have to promise me, you definitely can’t leak anything out in front of Smoke Charming." Long Yue took out a Storage bag and handed it over to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang hurriedly nodded his head in agreement. After he received the Storage bag from Long Yue, he felt that the one hundred million Tao-creation Sacred Crystals was simply too easy to earn.

"Don’t worry, I promise I will defeat her and then mock her for once more." Chen Xiang felt that after taking Long Yue’s one hundred million Tao-creation Divine Crystals, he had to do something better to completely satisfy her vanity in front of Smoke Charming.

"What a rich guy." Long Yue said in disdain.

Chen Xiang pretended not to hear and counted the Tao-creation Divine Crystals before putting them away.

"Xiao Yue, how much do you know about Smoke Charming’s pill techniques?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Don’t call me that!" Long Yue immediately shouted.

"We’ll pretend to be husband and wife!" Chen Xiang said: "This way of addressing you is more realistic, you have to get used to it, otherwise Smoke Charming will see through it."

Long Yue thought that this made sense, so he endured it.

"For Smoke Charming to be able to become a Dan Devil and even gain a foothold in the Dan Devil City, with a Smoke Charming Tower, it goes to show that her level is very high." Long Yue replied: "When I knew her, she didn’t have the Smoke Charming Tower, but at that time, she already had excellent pill refining skills."

"She must have stayed in the Infernal Realm to avoid death, right?" Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, she’s from the Initial God-creation Realm. I don’t know the specifics." Long Yue said, "Anyway, at that time, when she found out about my Beast-creation Race Emperor, she also knew a little about his affairs."

"I can see that you and she are not really mortal enemies! "He’s just fighting for a bit." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Hmph, in short, I am incompatible with her." Long Yue said: "How about I bring you to find her right now, and lower her spirit first."

"Sure, let’s go!" Chen Xiang also wanted to see the situation between Long Yue and Dan Devil.

Long Yue put on his mask, walked out of Yellow Sky Tower with Chen Xiang, and quickly headed to the Smoke Charming’s Tower in the southern region of the Dan Devil City.

Entering the first floor of the Smoke Charming Restaurant, Chen Xiang saw a shopkeeper leaving in a hurry, he should be going to notify him.

"Mr. Beautiful Beauty wants you to go upstairs." the shopkeeper said as he ran back after a while. Then he brought Long Yue and up the stairs of the Smoke Charming Building.

They were brought to a very spacious and luxurious hall. Smoke Charming sat at the head of the hall, using his orchid fingers to pinch the lid of a teacup, coquettishly drinking tea, looking very flirtatious.

At this time, the Smoke Charming was not covered by a white veil. When Chen Xiang saw her complexion, he realized that she looked somewhat similar to Long Yue. However, Long Yue’s phoenix eyes were filled with coldness, haughtiness and killing intent, while Smoke Charming’s were gentle, flirtatious and flirtatious.

"Why are you wearing a mask? "Don’t you dare let your man compare us properly, do you?" The Smoke Charming laughed coquettishly.

Long Yue quickly kept his mask.

"Your name is Chen Xiang, right? You touched your own conscience and said, which one is prettier between Long Yue and me? " Smoke Charming laughed lightly, he then floated to Chen Xiang’s front, and a burst of intoxicating fragrance assaulted his senses.

"Of course Xiao Yue is more beautiful!" Chen Xiang laughed naturally. Although Smoke Charming was emitting a seductive power, he was not moved.

The Smoke Charming was not angry, she was just acting coquettishly, and scolded softly: "You bad thing, you must have said that because you were afraid of your wife! I promise you, as long as you nod your head, I will immediately be your woman.

Her sweet and charming voice made Chen Xiang’s bones go soft.

"Really?" Chen Xiang secretly cursed in his heart, he had not seen such a soul stealing spirit demon for a long time. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates