Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Originally, Long Yue wanted to bring Chen Xiang to play with the’s spirit, but she never thought that the Smoke Charming would actually be so unrestrained, and directly seduce Chen Xiang in front of her.

"Of course it’s true!" Smoke Charming’s perky red phoenix eyes were filled with a deep sense of bewitchment. After she took off her robes, her beautiful jade-like shoulders were revealed.

When Chen Xiang saw that Long Yue’s face was extremely ugly, he could only secretly feel regret in his heart. Otherwise, he really would have executed the Smoke Charming on the spot.

"I can only accept such a good thing." Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "I only accompanied her because I heard that you were bullying Xiao Yue!"

"Why are you bullying Xiao Yue? "She’s such a nice girl, kind and pure. Do you have the heart to bully her?"

Long Yue blushed a little when he heard Chen Xiang’s words. But Chen Xiang was able to say it without batting an eyelid.

Chen Xiang only felt that since he had accepted Long Yue’s one hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals, there was nothing he could do about it.

Smoke Charming was startled, she never thought that Long Yue would be like that.

"Is Long Yue really such a woman?" Smoke Charming’s eyes were full of disbelief, revealing a disdainful smile.

"No matter what, I feel that she is much better than you! Now I finally understand why you like to bully her. You think that Xiao Yue is better than you because you are jealous of her! " Chen Xiang said again, his face still unblushing.

Long Yue originally thought that Chen Xiang would use his pill techniques to suppress the Smoke Charming, he never thought that he would actually say these words without feeling embarrassed ... But she liked it.

"You ..." The Smoke Charming was also speechless, she looked at Long Yue who had revealed a trace of bashfulness, and was even more surprised. She had known Long Yue for a long time, she knew very well what personality Long Yue had, to be able to have such a passionate and young girl’s shyness.

"I will defeat you in the competition ten days later! I want to prove that Xiao Yue’s man is the best and the best. " Chen Xiang held onto Long Yue’s jade hand, and said with a serious face: "At that time, if you bully her again, I won’t be polite to you anymore."

Smoke Charming felt as if she was dreaming.

"Hmph, don’t be complacent!" You must know clearly who set the rules, Burning Sun Dan Devil won’t let you succeed that easily. " Smoke Charming said in a cold voice.

"Regardless of the rules, it won’t be difficult for me!" Chen Xiang said very casually: "Since everyone is someone with a head and face, then I believe that you all would not do something like this. I believe that you all will definitely be fair, or else no one will agree with you."

"That’s true, but it will definitely be detrimental to you!" I can tell that you are a newcomer to hell, but the pills in hell are different from the ones in us. " The Smoke Charming was no longer as flirtatious as she was before. If she put on an unhappy expression, it could be seen that there was jealousy in her eyes, and also a little jealousy.

"A truly powerful Pill God can overcome all difficulties." Chen Xiang smiled confidently: "You’ll know when the time comes!"

Smoke Charming looked at Long Yue, bit her lips, and snorted: "Is this really your man? He’s too arrogant, this is not a good thing! "

"That’s confidence, not arrogance! "You’re the one who is arrogant!" Long Yue said coldly.

"Alright, let’s wait and see!" Smoke Charming put on his robe, turned around and returned to his seat: "Did all of you come here to say this?"

"Mm, you should remember what I said just now, right?" "You are not allowed to bully Xiao Yue anymore!" Chen Xiang said in a serious tone.

"When did I bully her!?" She’s so powerful, I can’t bully her. " Smoke Charming rolled his eyes at Long Yue.

"You stole more than a billion of my Tao-creation’s divine crystals! Back then, because you are a Alchemist with many helpers, I could only acknowledge it. " Long Yue said: "And that Hell star, it was also snatched away by you!"

Over a billion Tao-creation Divine Crystals, this was not a small number!

"There is such a thing, return it as soon as possible!" Chen Xiang felt that if he could recover this one billion Tao-creation Holy Crystal, he would definitely be able to obtain a portion of it.

"I’ll accept the one billion Tao-creation Holy Crystals, but the Hell star must return them to me." Long Yue said.

Since Long Yue values Hell star so much, it must be very important.

"Return them all!" Chen Xiang said again.

"Hell star are indeed very important to you ... Why don’t we make a deal and give your man to me so I can give you the Hell star and the one billion Tao-creation Holy Crystals? " Smoke Charming’s eyes flashed as she laughed: "I would like to see whether the Hell star is more important or your man is!"

Chen Xiang scolded the Smoke Charming in his heart, and to actually use such a despicable tactic. Right now, he had no confidence in Long Yue, if he really agreed to it, it would be equivalent to selling him off.

"Wishful thinking!" Long Yue said angrily: "I will definitely take back the Hell star!"

Chen Xiang and Smoke Charming were at odds with each other because of the Hell star. Chen Xiang finally understood, but he did not know what use the Hell star had. It seemed to be very precious to Long Yue and Smoke Charming.

"As long as you give Chen Xiang to me, I will give you the Hell star. I will never go back on my promise." Smoke Charming said, she had been suspecting the relationship between Chen Xiang and him.

Because according to her understanding of Long Yue, it was impossible for Long Yue to be so easily conquered by a man.

Chen Xiang was very unhappy. What did the Smoke Charming see him as? She actually thought that he could exchange with her as he pleased.

"Let’s go!" Long Yue pulled Chen Xiang and left the Smoke Charming building.

"Xiao Yue, what exactly is that Hell star?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"We’ll talk about it when we get back!" Long Yue pulled Chen Xiang and hurried back to the inside of the Huang Tian Tower, into the room, then closed the door and set up the enchantment.

Then, Long Yue took out a five-pointed star shaped jade plate that was the size of his palm.

"This is the Hell star!" Long Yue passed it over to Chen Xiang, and asked: "Take a look at it and see what’s so strange about it."

After Chen Xiang received it, he looked it over carefully. When he used his mind to inspect it, he did not find anything odd.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s frown, Long Yue said: "Inject the Divine Origin Qi!"

Chen Xiang released his Immortal Origin Qi and poured it in, causing the Hell star to light up.

"Is that it?" Chen Xiang only saw the Hell star emit white light.

"Fill it with even more Divine Energy." Long Yue continued.

After Chen Xiang injected a lot of Immortal Qi into the Hell star, he suddenly discovered that there was a door inside the Hell star. The door was initially blocked by a lot of clouds, but after he poured in the Immortal Qi, he pushed the clouds apart, allowing him to see the door.

"What is this door?" Chen Xiang said in shock. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"I don’t know!" Long Yue shook her head: "In short, it is an extremely mysterious door, if Smoke Charming gave me the Hell star in her hands, I could open it."

"Alright, just promise her that you’ll give me to her." Chen Xiang laughed.

"No way!" Long Yue’s reaction was huge, and he shouted loudly. This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!