Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

If Long Yue really agreed to Dan Devil’s request and exchanged places with him, he would definitely be mocked by Smoke Charming. Furthermore, she didn’t want to see Chen Xiang together with Dan Devil either.

"You don’t need to worry about the Hell star. I will take care of it myself. You just need to win during the competition." Long Yue said: "That competition is extremely important, even if you lose to anyone, it doesn’t matter, but you must not lose to Smoke Charming."

"It is important, but I am not doing it because of the Smoke Charming." Chen Xiang laughed: "I will definitely win!"

If he could win four Dan Devil s, he would be able to obtain four types of pill formulas. At that time, all four of them would have to give him the required medicinal ingredients.

He already had the Shenyuan crystal ginseng, so he needed some medicinal ingredients to match it, so he had to win that battle.

"You can’t let your guard down. You have seen Burning Sun Dan Devil and Tian Yu Dan Devil, and with one look, you can tell that they aren’t anything good." Long Yue said: "Perhaps they will really play dirty tricks in secret, you must be vigilant."

"En!" Chen Xiang earnestly nodded his head, he was the one who decided the rules for this competition.

In the Infernal Realm, the pills refined would definitely be different from those refined in the Most Ancient Era, because the environment of the Infernal Realm was able to produce very special medicinal herbs.

If he were to use these medicinal ingredients to refine pills, since Chen Xiang was not familiar with them, he would definitely be unfamiliar with them.

There were still a few days before the competition. Chen Xiang spent his days in the Yellow Heaven Tower to familiarize himself with the various divine medicines from the Infernal Realm. He had bought quite a few ingredients and placed them in the You Yao Mountain Villa to cultivate.

What made him laugh was that Long Yue went to Smoke Charming Tower every day to look for his sworn enemy. They couldn’t fight in hell, so they could only bicker.

Soon, it was time for the competition.

At this time, the entire Dan Devil City was also in a state of panic. They were very worried that the Dan Devil City’s barrier could not hold on any longer.

If the Dan Devil City’s barrier was corroded by the blood rain from the natural disaster, the entire city would be engulfed.

Facing the blood rain of the natural disaster, even the experts who had cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source would find it difficult to resist.

The appearance of this kind of natural disaster would cover the entire Infernal Realm. If one wanted to escape, they would have to leave the Infernal Realm.

"Every time there is a natural disaster, we will arrange for a competition to refine pills. On one hand, it is to reduce the panic, and on the other hand, we are worried that the Dan Devil City will be destroyed. Yellow Heaven Dan Devil stood on top of the roof of the Huang Tian Tower as he looked at the sky filled with blood-red light.

"How long does this natural disaster usually last?" Chen Xiang frowned and said: "Could it be that the rumors were true? If the blood rain from the natural disasters were to continue for too long, the Dan Devil City would have fallen."

"The duration varies from one to two years, to two to three months." The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil sighed, "The rumors are true. If there was too much blood rain and it turned into an ocean, it might drown the Dan Devil City out."

"Let’s go to the Dan Devil’s Plaza. The competition is about to begin." The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said.

Chen Xiang followed the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil and left Huang Tian Tower, heading towards the Dan Devil’s Plaza.

"There should be a lot of people waiting at the Dan Devil Plaza!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil asked: "Where is your friend?"

"She already went first." Chen Xiang said. Sometimes, he wouldn’t come back for the entire night, and would actually stay the night at the Smoke Charming Restaurant.

Chen Xiang really couldn’t understand. Although Long Yue and the Dan Devil were sworn enemies, she still kept on running to the Smoke Charming, and even stayed at the Smoke Charming Building.

"It’s really hard to understand these women." Chen Xiang thought.

The Dan Devil Plaza was located in the middle of the Dan Devil City, and there was a very large stage at the center.

"During the competition, you are not allowed to enter the Time array, so all the pills need to be completed within a short period of time." The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said, as he flew Chen Xiang to the Dan Devil Stage. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Burning Sun Dan Devil had arrived a long time ago, but Smoke Charming was the last one to arrive. Chen Xiang had even seen that she came with Long Yue.

Chen Xiang had always felt that the Smoke Charming and Long Yue had become friends. He felt that it was necessary to ask Long Yue about this after the competition.

He had also asked before, but Long Yue had only said that in order to obtain the Hell star, she would do her best to get it back from the Smoke Charming.

"Everyone has been waiting for a long time!" When the Burning Sun Dan Devil arrived, he said with a clear voice.

At this moment, the noisy square also quieted down.

"As promised, our Four Great Dan Devil s will compete here. It’s just that our victory or defeat will not be because of our Pill Pavilion but due to our medicinal formula. The final winner will be able to obtain the medicinal formula from the other Dan Devil." Burning Sun Dan Devil said loudly: "In addition, this time, there is a special friend participating in our competition."

Dan Devil City had already known about this matter since long ago. That day when Chen Xiang sold his Ziyuan Dan at the foot of Tianyu Restaurant, his name had already spread throughout the entire city.

Dan Devil would compete onstage, and the people below the stage would also bet heavily on it, because they didn’t know when the blood rain would stop.

If the Dan Devil City was truly defeated, even if they had more Tao-creation Holy Crystals in their hands, it would be useless, so they might as well gamble.

The Dan Devil Stage was very big, it was a six horned star and there was a ten meter wide disk at each of the six corners.

The disk would activate a barrier, preventing the pill refining process from causing an explosion that would affect others.

"Now that everyone is ready, I will announce the rules!" The Burning Sun Dan Devil said: "The entire competition will be held in two rounds. Those who pass through the first round will be able to continue with the second round."

"Now, I will announce the rules of the first round. I want everyone to use the medicinal ingredients that I provided to refine the Hell Magic Dan. The method to refine the Hell Magic Dan is not difficult, and you do not need the World Defying Dan grain either." Burning Sun Dan Devil waved his hand, and an old man brought up a pile of black gourds.

"This is a Hell’s Gourd, it contains an extremely strong explosive power, I can refine a Hell Magic Dan with just one!"

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil frowned: "Your Hell Magic Dan is not for eating, but for bombing. What kind of pill is this?"

"This is also a pill! Hell’s Gourd could normally explode, but after it has been refined into a pill, it can unleash an even greater power. " Burning Sun Dan Devil laughed: "Furthermore, this is a test of my skill in pill refining, do not underestimate this kind of pill."

Next, he began distributing the Hell’s Gourd.

The Underworld Gourd was half the height of a person, and it was completely black. Moreover, it was very sturdy, and one could feel a slight warmth when touching it.

"It’s really heavy, over ten thousand jin!" Chen Xiang said in surprise when he picked it up.

"It needs to be refined within ten days. As long as I can successfully refine a Hell Magic Dan, I can pass the first round." The Burning Sun Dan Devil said.

The reason he set up the first round, was also to test Chen Xiang, and also to see if he could eliminate the other Dan Devil s at the same time. This way, the second round of competition wouldn’t have too many Dan Devil s, so he didn’t need to provide too many medicinal ingredients.