Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil’s face was filled with unhappiness, he snorted and said: "Sunscorch, that’s not right. You’re already very familiar with refining the Hell Magic Dan, but now you want to compete with it, it’s very unfair to us!"

"I have no objections." Tian Yu Dan Devil smiled slightly, then looked towards Smoke Charming.

"I don’t care, I’ve always wanted to refine Hell Magic Dan." Smoke Charming smiled charmingly, then glanced at Chen Xiang.

"Huang Tian, how about this? I only have one chance, you guys have two." Burning Sun Dan Devil laughed: "Look at them, they don’t have any objections ... Oh right, little brother Chen Xiang, do you have any objections? "

"So what if I have opinions? Whatever! " Chen Xiang actually wanted to try it out, he felt that it wouldn’t be too difficult to refine the bottle gourd into a pill.

This type of pill was not meant for eating, but for battling. If he were to throw it out during a battle, it would be able to unleash an extremely powerful force. Chen Xiang had concocted this kind of pill before, so he was not too worried.

"Oh right, when refining, use the pill furnace that we provided! "If the pill furnace is broken and you are unable to continue concocting, you will be eliminated." Burning Sun Dan Devil had the pill furnace brought up.

"You fellows, in order to make things difficult for me, you came up with everything." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was very unhappy: "You guys are obviously here to deal with Chen Xiang, in the past, you all used your own pill furnaces."

"Senior, forget it!" Chen Xiang shouted.

"$. Old Yellow, it’s fair that we all use the same pill furnace. " The Burning Sun Dan Devil said.

The spectators also supported the idea of using a uniform pill furnace. Sometimes, a good pill furnace could be very useful and cause injustice.

"Whatever you want!" Huang Tian snorted angrily.

Chen Xiang’s Extreme Heaven Pill made the Burning Sun Dan Devil’s heart palpitate with excitement. Smoke Charming and Tian Yu Dan Devil were also the same, and the rules before their eyes were all beneficial to them.

Smoke Charming already knew that Chen Xiang was from Most Ancient Era and had just arrived in the Infernal Realm. So he was definitely not that familiar with the herbs from hell, and adding the fact that he was using an unfamiliar pill furnace to refine, it would affect his performance.

The level of the four Dan Devil s were all around the same level, and Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was slightly weaker among them. Although he had won two times before, he didn’t have much confidence in himself.

The other three Dan Devil s were brimming with confidence as they thought that they could win this time.

Chen Xiang was the same!

"If there are no other problems, we can start now!" Then, he looked at Chen Xiang and the others. Seeing that none of them had said anything, he flipped a very large hourglass.

"We have to make good use of ten days." Burning Sun Dan Devil was very happy, he hurried to his seat and started refining the pills.

Chen Xiang frowned, he looked at the pill furnace, he had picked this furnace himself, the other party would definitely not be able to do anything about it.

"What? Isn’t this pill furnace good?" Xiao Xianglin asked.

"It’s not bad. Rather, it was created with a special sort of material. This should be a material from the Infernal Realm that is filled with evil." Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Xiao Xianglin: "This evil energy will affect me, and restrain my flames." Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Looks like this Burning Sun Dan Devil sincerely wants to torment you." Xiao Xianglin said: "You should be able to solve this problem, right?"

"I’ll try!"

Chen Xiang had no other choice, he could only start refining.

The pill furnace was quite large and was about the height of a person. There was no spatial formation within, so the amount of things that could be stored inside were limited. However, it was more than enough to put in a Hell’s Gourd.

After the Inferno of Hell entered the pill furnace, Chen Xiang started to release flames. This was the first time he was refining a pill that was filled with Evil Qi.

"My dragon has fused with the Killing evil dragon, so the flame it releases should also possess some kind of evil power." Chen Xiang secretly experimented for a while and controlled the Scarlet Dragon to release the black and red flames.

"It can be incinerated!" After Chen Xiang released the dragon fire, he saw the surface of the bottle gourd slowly melt and fall off, like wax that had been melted.

He was secretly delighted in his heart. Then, he slowly increased the intensity of the flames and sped up the incineration process.

"Looks like this is quite easy to refine!" Chen Xiang thought, if he failed this time, he still had one more chance, which made him even more confident that he could pass the first round.

The refining speed was very slow, and Chen Xiang did not dare to use too strong of a flame, as this kind of medicinal ingredient was extremely unfamiliar to him after all.

After He Fengyuan received it, he entered the Time array s.

After Chen Xiang finished refining for more than two hours, He Fengyuan also came out from the Time array.

"Chen Xiang, what method did you use to refine this bottle gourd?" He Fengyuan asked.

"Use fire! The flames I released from killing the Scarlet Dragon, and they even have a trace of Evil Qi, so the progress is pretty good. " Chen Xiang said.

"This isn’t good!" He Fengyuan said as he furrowed his eyebrows, "To burn this kind of Hell’s Divine Medicine, either you use it with an evil flame or you don’t need it, and your dragon fire isn’t evil at all."

"Ah?" What should he do? Is it going to be a big deal? " Chen Xiang said in shock.

"I know! Also, you need to be careful. The moment the shell on the surface of the gourd breaks, a strong power will burst out from within! If you start to use fire to refine the outer shell well, then the energy that it releases will be very stable. " He Fengyuan said: "And your fire is also evil, this itself is a very conflicting type of fire, if it continues to burn like this, once the bottle gourd’s outer shell breaks, the energy inside will also become extremely unstable."

"Could the energy inside the gourd be affected by the flames from the outside?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, they will be affected. Although the gourd is a Hell’s Elixir, it is only the outer shell that is filled with Evil Qi. However, the energy within the shell is extremely pure." He Fengyuan said again.

"When you were burning the outer shell with fire, your fire energy had already seeped inside to affect the pure energy."

Chen Xiang berated himself for being smart, and now that he was in a mess, he anxiously kept the Evil Qi infused flames, and replaced it with the purest fire to burn.

"It’s really the opposite of being smart." Chen Xiang sighed in his heart: If I were to use the method I used in the past, this kind of mistake might not occur, I hope it’s not too late to correct it now.

Two days had passed, and the others were refining very smoothly. Chen Xiang, on the other hand, was already feeling the pressure, and perspired profusely.

"It seems like this competition is really disadvantageous to me. It is aimed at me everywhere." This caused the bottle gourd to be very unstable. If this were to continue, once the shell was broken, the energy inside the bottle gourd would explode.

The outer shell of the gourd needed an extremely evil flame to be burned and refined in order to proceed smoothly! The Dan Devil here had stayed in hell for so long, after absorbing so much evil energy, their flames had become evil long ago.

But Chen Xiang did not have such an evil flame, which made him face a lot of difficulties.