Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

When the Burning Sun Dan Devil and the Tian Yu Dan Devil saw Chen Xiang’s forehead filled with sweat, they looked at each other and laughed, while the Smoke Charming smiled proudly at Long Yue who was watching from below the stage.

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil could only sigh helplessly. He knew from the start that this would be extremely disadvantageous for Chen Xiang.

"Although this competition is disadvantageous to me, it is also a good thing. It is unavoidable that I will encounter such problems in the future when refining pills. This is equivalent to increasing my experience points." Chen Xiang thought.

Suddenly, the pill furnaces of the four Dan Devil s trembled. When Chen Xiang saw it, he knew that it was because the outer shell of the bottle gourd had been burnt and refined.

Because the Dan Devil s could burn their shells very smoothly, the energy released by the broken shell would be relatively soft and could be easily controlled by them. Even so, the furnace could not help but tremble, showing that the energy released was still very strong.

"My gourd is about to break as well." Chen Xiang was secretly worried, because when he burnt the shell of the bottle gourd, it had an extremely intense reaction.

Chen Xiang raised his guard and used his clone to release the pressure to seal the inside of the pill furnace. If there was really a strong burst of energy, he could resist it or else the pill furnace would explode.

With the four Dan Devil s cultivating the World Defying Stage Divine Source, their flames were definitely stronger than Chen Xiang’s. Furthermore, they had rich experience in refining the Hell’s Divine Medicines, so their progress was much faster than Chen Xiang’s.

"Soon!" Chen Xiang could already feel that the energy inside the bottle gourd was attacking the thin shell of the gourd.

Although this layer’s outer shell was very thin, it possessed a very strong binding ability. Like a spirit formation, it sealed the energy within it.

Chen Xiang cheered up!

Suddenly, the bottle gourd’s outer shell had been broken through by the berserk energy from the inside. Chen Xiang could see that the energy that rushed out was pure black, as though it was ink that came out, bringing with it a very ruthless and evil aura, it roared and exploded!

Everyone could see that Chen Xiang’s pill furnace was shaking frantically, black Qi gushed out, and evil aura soared to the sky!

Chen Xiang clenched his teeth. He never thought that the Evil Demon inside this Underworld Gourd would actually be this terrifying. He had already released a strong pressure from his clone, but he was still unable to stop the berserk Evil Demon.

Burning Sun Dan Devil, Tian Yu Dan Devil and Dan Devil couldn’t help but laugh, because all of this was within their expectations.

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil just frowned as he looked at Chen Xiang.

"Protect yourself well!" He Fengyuan anxiously transmitted to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took in a deep breath, and then released the strongest pressure, allowing this pressure star to envelop him.

BOOM!

A loud noise shook the air, causing everyone to jump in fright, while the place where Chen Xiang was standing was already shrouded in black Qi.

The Alchemist on the Dan Devil Stage were sitting on a round plate. The round plate’s enchantment was extremely powerful, it was able to block the energy that was exploding out, but the Dan Devil Stage only trembled slightly from the huge explosion, it was not affected at all.

Long Yue and Yellow Heaven Dan Devil both looked at Chen Xiang with extreme worry. They couldn’t see Chen Xiang because there was no way they could see the dense black aura enveloping him.

The Smoke Charming looked in Chen Xiang’s direction as he frowned, revealing a trace of worry.

"Sunscorch, if this kid dies, then I won’t be able to get his pill formulas." The Tian Yu Dan Devil said.

"He isn’t dead, he still has the aura of life." The Burning Sun Dan Devil laughed, "After all, he has cultivated the Divine Origin Qi. He won’t die that easily."

"You guys are really something. Bullying him like that, he’s only a little brother!" Smoke Charming scoffed, "If he dies, I will be very unhappy."

When the black qi dissipated, everyone could see Chen Xiang. He was seated on the ground, with the floor covered with black pill furnace fragments.

Chen Xiang was fine, Yellow Heaven Dan Devil and Long Yue were a lot more at ease.

"He lost, his pill furnace is broken!"

"He’s still too young. I heard that he just arrived in the Infernal Realm and is still not familiar with the medicinal herbs from the Infernal Realm."

"No wonder."

"He’s quite strong. Even after being attacked by such a violent force, he didn’t suffer any damage."

Everyone was amazed.

Burning Sun Dan Devil and the rest were surprised to see that Chen Xiang was fine.

"Little brother, you’ve lost! "You said before that you would beat me." The Smoke Charming laughed charmingly.

"I haven’t lost yet. Don’t I still have seven days?" Chen Xiang smiled slightly.

"But you don’t have a pill furnace!" Smoke Charming chuckled: "I told you before, you can’t use any other pill furnaces!"

"I don’t need a pill furnace!" Chen Xiang took out the Underworld Gourd.

Not using a pill furnace? Everyone was stunned. Everyone had seen how powerful the Hell’s Gourd was. If it wasn’t for the pill furnace, one could imagine how powerful it would have been.

Chen Xiang had been able to refine a pellet a long time ago without using a furnace, and that was only because he was forced to do so in a situation where he had no other choice.

This time, he was going to use the Magic method furnace that he hadn’t seen in a long time!

Furthermore, the Magic method furnace this time was different from the previous time. The previous Magic method furnace had been formed using his divine will, and this time he would use his divine origin energy with the Pressure mantra to condense a stronger Magic method furnace.

In addition, he also needed to use the characteristics of the Hell’s Gourd to refine it!

"Even without a pill furnace, you can still refine one. But that’s only for low-grade pills. It’s just a small matter. What you’re refining now is a Hell’s Gourd!" You have already felt just how powerful the energy within the Hell’s Gourd is. " Burning Sun Dan Devil sneered: "You should give up!"

"As long as there is a sliver of hope, I will never give up." Chen Xiang’s expression was resolute. After taking a deep breath, he closed his eyes and used the Divine Origin Qi along with his two clones to activate the Pressure mantra, releasing a wave of pressure and condensing a transparent Magic method furnace.

The Underworld Gourd was already wrapped in Magic method furnace s.

"The outer shell of the Hell Gourd is an evil force. I must get rid of this evil force while I’m refining pills. This outer shell could have been discarded from the start." Chen Xiang thought.

The Underworld Gourd’s most powerful aspect was its miraculous berserk energy. If it was refined, its might would definitely be very strong.

Chen Xiang pondered for more than two hours, then, using Feng Ke’er’s mysterious golden needle, he pierced a few small holes on the bottle gourd. When he pierced those small holes, he contracted the Magic method furnace, and used the pressure of the Magic method furnace to block those small holes.

"Immediately form the core inside the gourd, and the exterior of the gourd will form a protective layer." Chen Xiang poured pure flames into the few small holes that he stabbed out, and immediately burned the energy inside the bottle gourd.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s method, the four Dan Devil s were moved, because they knew that it was possible that he would succeed, and they all had the urge to try this method. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The flames that Chen Xiang poured in could be seen with the naked eye. With a golden red glow, it continuously poured into the bottle gourd, allowing the bottle gourd to be so stable. This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!