Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not have any pill furnaces, so he could continue to refine pills. This made the four Dan Devil s on the stage surprised.

Even if Burning Sun Dan Devil was certain that Chen Xiang would fail in refining the pill and leave after the furnace blew up, all of this was within his expectations. But he never thought that Chen Xiang would actually not use a pill furnace to refine Hell Magic Dan.

At this moment, Chen Xiang was using the shell of the Underworld Gourd as protection to confine the berserk energy within. He directly burnt the inner energy. This way, he wouldn’t need to worry about affecting the inner energy when he burnt the outer shell of the gourd.

For the next few days, Chen Xiang’s Magic method furnace s remained extremely stable. Everyone could only see that Chen Xiang’s Underworld Gourd was constantly emitting golden rays of light, and the bottle gourd’s black outer shell did not change at all even after such a long time had passed. The Burning Sun Dan Devil and the others were also puzzled by this.

They could tell that Chen Xiang would need to immediately refine the energy inside the Underworld Gourd, but during the refining process, he would definitely need to release a very strong flame.

This flame would definitely burn the walls of the Hell’s gourd shell. As long as the Hell’s gourd shell was stimulated, there would be a huge reaction.

And this kind of reaction, would not let Chen Xiang refine it stably.

However, even though several days had passed, the interior of the Hell’s Gourd that Chen Xiang refined was still extremely stable.

"I’ve already refined the energy into a crystal." Chen Xiang felt much more relaxed. When he refined it, he used the Pressure mantra to isolate the energy inside the Underworld Gourd from the Gourd. The flames also only burned that energy directly, it did not affect the shell at all.

"Don’t think that’s all. The Hell Magic Dan’s essence is just its outer shell. Without the energy from the outer shell and the energy from the inner shell repelling each other, the Hell Magic Dan doesn’t have any power at all. It’s just not qualified Hell Magic Dan." The Tian Yu Dan Devil said.

"Of course I know that." Chen Xiang said indifferently, this was what He Fengyuan had told him.

He did not plan on refining the outer shell yet, because the internal situation had yet to be completely stabilized.

"You’re making good progress, but that doesn’t mean you’ll succeed in the end." Burning Sun Dan Devil’s voice was filled with ridicule, he did not like Chen Xiang’s training method. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In order to refine pills, one would need to try many times in order to mature, and they all felt that it was Chen Xiang’s first time doing it, so this method would definitely not mature and would would not succeed.

Chen Xiang had not used Magic method furnace for a long time, but that did not mean that he was unfamiliar with it. He had used it many times before, and this rich experience was already imprinted in his soul.

"All of you shut up!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was a little angry, because Burning Sun Dan Devil and Tian Yu Dan Devil were obviously putting more pressure on Chen Xiang.

Burning Sun Dan Devil and Tian Yu Dan Devil did not speak anymore.

Chen Xiang did not bother with them, and continued refining pills.

"Chen Xiang, if the shell of the hell gourd can fuse with the energy inside in an intense manner, then the reaction will be even greater and the power of this pellet will be even stronger." He Fengyuan said: "But there will be a certain risk, and I cannot guarantee success."

"They will definitely have a standard for the success or failure of the Hell Magic Dan, and that should be based on the power unleashed by the Hell Magic Dan. My current method of refinement did not get their approval, and at that time, I will definitely question my Hell Magic Dan." Chen Xiang said: "So I must carry out this intense fusion in order to guarantee the power of the Hell Magic Dan."

"If my Hell Magic Dan is rejected due to lack of power, the risk will be even greater."

When Chen Xiang saw that the energy inside the Underworld Gourd had stabilized by crystallizing, he used his Evil Flame to burn the shell of the Underworld Gourd to the best of his abilities.

Right now, it was only burning the outer shell. It wouldn’t fuse with the energy and explode like before.

Right now, he was refining them individually.

Inside Chen Xiang’s Magic method furnace, the Hell Gourd’s outer shell was melting bit by bit, drop by drop, like a water drop, before solidifying into a black crystal.

Not long after, everything inside the Magic method furnace could be seen. The most shocking thing was the golden gourd.

The energy inside the Underworld Gourd was extremely pure in the first place, and it had been refined and solidified by Chen Xiang inside the gourd’s shell, so it was shaped like a gourd.

The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said in shock, "This is a very pure energy! "Awesome!"

In fact, what shocked him the most was how could Chen Xiang guarantee to be able to be so stable without a pill furnace.

Chen Xiang was sitting on a stone platform, and was enveloped by a barrier, so none of them could sense the aura of Chen Xiang’s Pressure mantra.

"What’s the use? He is only refining an energy pill, not a Hell Magic Dan that can produce a violent explosion. " Tian Yu Dan Devil snorted: "He cannot succeed at all, because his steps are already in disarray."

The Burning Sun Dan Devil nodded his head as he understood the Hell Magic Dan the best: "From the very beginning, you have to fuse the shell of the gourd with the energy inside, and then refine it into a crystal together. This is a very critical step, and only by doing so can the two mutually exclusive powers fuse together to produce a stronger explosive power."

"Can’t you guys just keep quiet and concoct pills?" Smoke Charming chuckled, "This is only the first round, why are you all so worried?"

"We aren’t worried at all. We are only guiding little brother in his pill refining." The Burning Sun Dan Devil said.

"Correcting his mistakes will help him avoid detours in the future." During the short conversation he had with Burning Sun Dan Devil earlier, their thoughts were the same. They all thought that Chen Xiang had gone astray.

Chen Xiang was very clear about his own refining methods, and was very confident that he would be able to successfully refine the Hell Magic Dan.

There were only three days left!

Although it was an ordinary Hell Magic Dan, all four Dan Devil were extremely serious. If they were unable to pass this round of the competition, it would be extremely embarrassing.

Chen Xiang had already refined the shell of the Hell Gourd into a lump of black crystal.

"Next, I will use my strongest flame to melt the golden crystal ball and then press the black crystal ball into the interior. This requires pressure from the dragon fire."

Chen Xiang frowned, he released the pressure and fused with the legendary dragon fire, suddenly a red light flashed from within the Magic method furnace.

"It’s still not strong enough, let’s fuse with the profoundfeng Mantra." After Chen Xiang released the profoundfeng Mantra, that ball of red flames shot out like a jet, attacking the golden crystal ball from all directions, causing the golden crystal ball to erupt into a burst of dazzling golden light, fusing together with the red flame.

In just two hours, the golden crystal ball had turned soft, and Chen Xiang quickly pressed the black crystal ball into the ball.

Pressing it in was not enough, he continued to incite the strongest flame to burn it.

As it was being burned, he released another pushing force, pushing the crystal to revolve crazily. As it rotated, the black crystal that could be crushed into the interior melted and the energy spread uniformly to all parts of the golden crystal. This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!