Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

This scene had all been witnessed by the four Dan Devil s, and all of them were secretly shocked in their hearts. Especially Burning Sun Dan Devil and Tian Yu Dan Devil, they had all previously believed that it was impossible for Chen Xiang to refine a true Hell Magic Dan.

But now, they were not so sure!

At the very least, they did not have that many methods to practice such a mystical technique.

"He shouldn’t have enough time!" The Tian Yu Dan Devil said.

"Yeah, there’s still two and a half days. Because of the explosion, he took a long time to complete the mission. Otherwise, he might really succeed." The Burning Sun Dan Devil said.

At this time, they did not forget to attack Chen Xiang, which made the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil look down on them even more.

The crystal ball inside Chen Xiang’s pill furnace burned on one side as it spun crazily. At first, it released a red-gold light, but in the end, only a red-gold light could be seen; this was the light of flames.

The gourd-shaped golden crystal ball had turned black!

Chen Xiang was secretly surprised in his heart. The black energy condensed from the shell of the Underworld Gourd was actually able to dye such a large golden crystal ball black.

The huge crystal was spinning while being pressured by the pressure from all directions. At this moment, it was much smaller than before, turning into a ball.

"Next, I’ll proceed with the derivation process." Chen Xiang thought.

"Is there time?" He Fengyuan said.

"Too late ..." But I can ask Master to help me, and I can borrow some of her pressure. " Chen Xiang chuckled: "It’s quite time-consuming during the final stage of the Core Formation Stage. If there’s enough pressure, it won’t be a problem."

Chen Xiang could not be seen by others when he was releasing the derivation method, so when he was using the derivation method, he released even more intense red flames, causing the inside of the Magic method furnace to become completely red, and shining strongly with fire.

The circular black crystal ball was covered up very tightly, making it hard to see.

Chen Xiang immediately activated his derivation method, allowing the black crystal balls to give birth to nine small crystal clumps.

The Hell Magic Dan was not a high-grade medicinal ingredient, so when using the derivation method, it could be completed relatively quickly.

After Chen Xiang produced the nine little crystals, he once again urged out the strong flames. Afterwards, he made the inner parts of the Magic method furnace spin, pressing the nine little crystals in.

"I seem to see many black crystals inside his pill furnace. What are those?" Someone suddenly shouted.

"I saw it too!"

Many people could see that the flame inside the pill furnace had been consumed too quickly. Chen Xiang did not have the time to replenish it, and as a result, the flame was reduced, revealing the nine little crystals that he had produced.

"What’s going on? The original crystal did not decrease in size, but now there were nine more crystals? It shouldn’t be from the giant crystal. " Smoke Charming said in surprise. Her charming eyes were filled with suspicion as she stared at Chen Xiang’s Magic method furnace.

Burning Sun Dan Devil and Tian Yu Dan Devil also looked at Chen Xiang’s Magic method furnace with wide eyes because such a thing had already surpassed their imagination.

"This is little brother’s superior pill techniques. He was just trying to cover it up, but he accidentally exposed it." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil laughed, "Now you know how powerful he is!"

"It should have been formed from the original crystal. There’s no meaning to it." Tian Yu Dan Devil sneered: "There isn’t much time left, he has yet to start condensing the core!"

"The most difficult part of the Hell Magic Dan is the condensing of a core. These types of pills are originally meant to be used to explode, but the internal energy requirements for their stability are very high. During the condensing of a core, it requires a very strong pressure, making it very easy for the internal energy to erupt, so it cannot be done too quickly, it needs to be done step by step." The Burning Sun Dan Devil replied, "I started to condense three days ago, and he was so much slower than me. It’s too late to condense the core."

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil laughed: "Just wait and see. Don’t talk so much nonsense."

"That’s right, we still have two days." Smoke Charming laughed: "We will see the results very soon."

Magic method furnace s were already mystical enough, but looking at it from the outside, it looked like a transparent pill furnace. This allowed the people of Dan Devil City to broaden their horizons, and more importantly, let them see this mystical refining process.

Especially for Alchemist, he had benefited greatly from it.

At this time, Chen Xiang was extremely serious, and he had already pressed the nine balls of tiny crystals into the large crystal ball. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Master, lend me some of your pressure." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright!" Xiao Xianglin had already made his preparations, and released the Pressure mantra together with his clone.

Because Chen Xiang had released his Magic method furnace, his pressure was limited by more than half, so he had no choice but to borrow Xiao Xianglin’s.

Xiao Xianglin had already cultivated out God’s Origin Qi, and adding two clones, the pressure was extremely strong. After it entered Chen Xiang’s body, it made his body ache slightly.

Chen Xiang suddenly roared out, and everyone only saw that the black crystal in the blazing flames suddenly became smaller and smaller!

"This... How is that possible? " Burning Sun Dan Devil shouted in shock.

"How did he do it?" This was too fast ... It must be because his crystal does not have any energy, it must be so. " The Tian Yu Dan Devil said.

Smoke Charming’s eyes flickered, looking at the serious face of Chen Xiang, no one knew what she was thinking, but in short, she had already experienced Chen Xiang’s impressiveness.

That cluster of black coloured crystal quickly shrunk at a rate visible to the naked eye. When they were condensing their pills, they gradually became smaller.

Chen Xiang endured the pain of releasing all of Xiao Xianglin’s pressure, and after fusing with his pressure, he became even stronger and quickly reduced the pressure on that lump of crystal.

"So it turns out that fast charging can cause energy to explode. This can greatly improve the quality." Chen Xiang also felt this just now when he released the berserk pressure from his body and rushed towards the crystal ball from all directions.

If the crystal ball was under strong pressure, it would definitely explode with a very strong energy. However, this energy was sealed by the pressure and continued to be pressed into the crystal ball. It was a cycle and its quality increased very quickly.

Chen Xiang comprehended another method to improve in quality, which made him secretly rejoice.

Five hours had passed and the flames in the Magic method furnace had already extinguished. A black pellet could be seen floating in the middle of the furnace.

There was still a day and a half until the end, and Chen Xiang had already completed it first!

Due to his unfamiliarity with the pill, he failed and caused the pill furnace to explode. However, in the absence of the pill furnace, he tried to concoct a pill out of thin air and managed to refine a Hell Magic Dan as fast as possible.

When Chen Xiang encountered such a series of difficulties, everyone was able to see it for themselves. They all thought that it was a hopeless situation for Chen Xiang, yet Chen Xiang overcame many difficulties until he successfully condensed the core.

At this time, many people were praising Chen Xiang’s exceptional pill techniques.

Only, at the moment, no one could be sure whether or not the Hell Magic Dan that Chen Xiang had refined was qualified. Once it was confirmed, then it was no doubt that the level that Chen Xiang had displayed was the highest, higher than even the other four Dan Devil s! The first issue of this book came from 17K, so the first thing I’ll do is to look at the original content!