Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

There was still one more day until the end of the first round. The four pill furnaces had also successfully formed their pills, one after the other.

"Good, we have all successfully condensed our pills and have smoothly passed the first round." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil laughed.

"Wait, the Hell Magic Dan refined by Chen Xiang might not pass." Burning Sun Dan Devil shouted, "Although he did not use his pill furnace to successfully refine it, this also means that the quality of the pill he refined was not very good."

"Only if the refined Hell Magic Dan reaches a certain standard can it be counted as qualified, otherwise it wouldn’t be considered a real Hell Magic Dan! The more powerful the explosion, the better. This is the most important thing, if there is no power, then it would be a failure. "

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil sneered: "Okay, then how do you want to test it?"

After all, this was an explosive pill used for battles. The more the energy was restrained, the more powerful the explosion would be, and the quality of the pill would not be tested by using equipment.

"Use my furnace to test it!" Burning Sun Dan Devil smiled proudly, and then took out a golden-red pill furnace that was about half the height of a human.

When everyone saw this, they all cried out in alarm.

"This is the Scorching Sun God Furnace! one of the three great treasures on the body of the Burning Sun Dan Devil! "

"I’ve finally seen this beautiful pill furnace. This is something that the Alchemist would yearn for even in her dreams."

"It’s really pretty!"

The light of the Burning Sun Dan Devil’s pill furnace was as glaring as the sun, causing people to feel that it was very powerful.

After placing the pill furnace down, he threw one of the Hell Magic Dan down and covered the Sun Force Divine Furnace’s lid.

"The Hell Magic Dan can be activated through one’s consciousness. After I detonate the Hell Magic Dan, if the furnace is able to vibrate and produce an inheritance sound, then the Hell Magic Dan will pass the test." The Burning Sun Dan Devil said.

At this moment, everyone quieted down.

"I’m going to start now!" After Burning Sun Dan Devil finished speaking, he detonated the Hell Magic Dan inside.

The Scorching Sun Pill Furnace shook violently, releasing a "clang" as if it was clashing with a bell.

"This is a qualified Hell Magic Dan!" Burning Sun Dan Devil laughed: "Chen Xiang, you try!"

"I’ll go first!" Tian Yu Dan Devil said, "Let me see it twice more, so that he won’t think you’re lying!"

"That’s true!" The Tian Yu Dan Devil nodded.

Next was the Tian Yu Dan Devil. He placed the Hell Magic Dan in, ignited it, and the Scorching Sun Pill Furnace also started to vibrate.

"You guys try it too, in case he says we teamed up to trick him." Burning Sun Dan Devil laughed and said to Smoke Charming and Yellow Heaven Dan Devil.

Afterwards, Yellow Heaven Dan Devil and Smoke Charming went to check on the Hell Magic Dan that they had refined, Yellow Heaven Dan Devil had the least amount of activity, but it was still considered qualified.

What made Chen Xiang secretly surprised was that the Smoke Charming’s Hell Magic Dan was very powerful and had the most movement. This made the faces of the Burning Sun Dan Devil and the Tian Yu Dan Devil very ugly!

Especially the Burning Sun Dan Devil, he was the most proficient at refining Hell Magic Dan, but the power that he had refined was not as strong as the power that others had refined. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Do you see it now?" Burning Sun Dan Devil said: "Huang Tian, tell him whether this test is reliable or not!"

"Yes!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil nodded his head: "Chen Xiang, go and take the test, your pill must be qualified, don’t worry."

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was very confident in Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang nodded, and then placed his own Hell Magic Dan into the Searing Sun Pill Furnace.

"I’m going to detonate it!" Chen Xiang said.

"Do your best to detonate it. Even ten of your broken pellets cannot compare to one that I’ve refined." The Tian Yu Dan Devil mocked and laughed: "Seeing how confident you are, you are truly arrogant ..."

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The voice from behind Tian Yu Dan Devil was drowned out by the sound of the explosion.

After the loud noise, a crack appeared on the surface of the Scorching Sun Pill Furnace!

"There’s going to be a second explosion." After Yellow Heaven Dan Devil finished, he anxiously dragged Chen Xiang into a stone platform.

Smoke Charming had already ran to a stone platform to hide.

Although the Burning Sun Dan Devil felt pain in his heart, he did not dare to act rashly. He hastily jumped onto a stone platform with the Tian Yu Dan Devil and activated the enchantment.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The Scorching Sun Pill Furnace let out another loud explosion. This time, the explosion was even more terrifying. It directly exploded with a burst of black evil aura, and the Scorching Sun Pill Furnace was shattered into pieces.

It was also because the Dan Devil Stage was protected by a powerful barrier. Otherwise, the Dan Devil Square would definitely have been destroyed.

"My Sun Scorching Pill Furnace!" Burning Sun Dan Devil’s eyes were bloodshot as he picked up the broken pieces.

Chen Xiang snickered in his heart, the Burning Sun Dan Devil allowed him to test for himself, so he couldn’t be blamed.

Everyone was dumbstruck. As long as they were not idiots, they knew how terrifying the Hell Magic Dan that Chen Xiang had refined was. It directly blew up Burning Sun Dan Devil’s most prized Sun Force Pill Furnace.

"It’s fine. In any case, we will be using the pill furnaces specified for the next round. This will not affect us at all." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said with a faint smile.

Burning Sun Dan Devil glared fiercely at Chen Xiang!

"My Hell Magic Dan should be counted as qualified!" Chen Xiang purposely revealed a look of guilt and said: "I’m sorry, I broke your pill furnace!"

They had all blown up the Sun Scorching Furnace, this was simply over qualified, the Burning Sun Dan Devil wanted to cry but had no tears.

Although Burning Sun Dan Devil had successfully cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, he could not release this power just now, otherwise, he would be teleported away once he was sensed it. Outside, it was a natural disaster and a bloody rain, if he were to be sent out, it would be a dead end.

"Hehe ..." "Little brother is truly amazing." Smoke Charming laughed tenderly: "I have already fallen for you!"

Long Yue glared at Dan Devil. Looking at her eyes, she could not wait to rush up to Smoke Charming and start a fight. At the same time, she also had a new understanding of Chen Xiang’s pill refining skills, and she was even more surprised.

"After the break, let’s begin the second round!" The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil laughed, he was extremely happy.

He was extremely jealous of Chen Xiang’s pill techniques, and the fact that he had mocked and ridiculed Chen Xiang earlier, was now treated as a joke by many, causing his face to be swept across the floor.

"Oh right, tell me what pill formula you guys came up with first!" We all know Chen Xiang’s pill formula, it’s the legendary Extreme Heaven Pill, what about you guys? " Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said: "What I have is a Yellow Origin Divine Pellet, it contains a weak amount of divine energy, you all should know that I have this kind of pellet!"

"If you don’t bring out a similar pill formula, then I won’t play."

"What I want is the Divine Charm Pills!" The Smoke Charming said.

"profound God Pill!" The Burning Sun Dan Devil snorted coldly.

"Yuanyu Yuanshen Dan!" Tian Yu Dan Devil’s face was full of pride when he mentioned this pill.

The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil nodded his head, "Not bad, they are all Supreme Pills! "Similar to mine, it can cultivate weak God’s Qi."

Chen Xiang was secretly pleasantly surprised. All of them were similar divine pellets, but the ingredients were different.