Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Burning Sun Dan Devil was not in a good mood, and previously, he was the happiest. Now that his Scorching Sun Furnace had been destroyed, it would be a huge loss to him.

Although it was not Chen Xiang’s fault, the Burning Sun Dan Devil would definitely hate Chen Xiang for it.

The details of the second round of the competition had not yet been specified, causing Chen Xiang to be a little worried that the Burning Sun Dan Devil would target him again.

"It’s a good thing that there are still three other Dan Devil here. Even if this fellow wants to target me, he still needs to be wary of the other three Dan Devil s, so he definitely won’t go overboard." Chen Xiang now closed his eyes and recovered his energy from earlier.

The rest time quickly passed by, and Chen Xiang recovered to his peak.

"The second round of the competition is about to begin. I will now talk about the specific rules and content." The Burning Sun Dan Devil waved his hand expressionlessly, asking someone to carry a big basket of red fruits. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chen Xiang could tell at a glance that these fruits were of the fire attribute. Their size was also very big, about the size of a watermelon, and there was a layer of scorching hot gas on the surface of the fruits.

"This is a Magic flame fruit, mainly used to cultivate devil fire. It can be considered a medium level medicinal ingredient. There are a total of twenty-one Magic flame fruit in the basket. "

Chen Xiang and the rest were all looking at the basket.

"The main point of the competition is to see who can refine faster and more quickly. Each person can only refine two Magic flame fruit at a time, and only after that can they continue to refine more." Burning Sun Dan Devil said: "If you fail twice in total, then I’ll consider it your loss."

This was mainly a competition of refining speed, so there definitely wasn’t much of a requirement for quality.

"Thus, you must be careful when you refine it. If you fail even once, you will have to deduct a single pill during the final calculation." The Burning Sun Dan Devil continued, "The final victor will be determined by the quantity of the Devil Flame Divine Pills, whoever has more will win!"

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil frowned, "Refining a Devil Flame Divine Pill will take around three days. If I were to use all my strength in refining, two days shouldn’t be a problem."

"That’s right, there are a total of twenty-one fruits. If the speed is about the same among the five of us, each of us can refine at least four fruits. The fastest one will get the last fruit." This is an ideal situation. If we fail, it would be hard to say. " The Burning Sun Dan Devil said.

"Any other questions?" Burning Sun Dan Devil asked.

"Do you have any requirements regarding quality?" If Chen Xiang did not say anything, Burning Sun Dan Devil would not be so angry, because his Scorching Sun Furnace had been blown up just to test its quality.

Burning Sun Dan Devil was immediately angered.

"Of course there is a requirement. If it’s of inferior quality, then it wouldn’t count as a pill at all!" The Burning Sun Dan Devil said coldly.

"The quality of the Devilfire Divine Pill is easy to judge, there’s no need to test it like before." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil laughed.

Burning Sun Dan Devil snorted. "If there’s no problem, let’s begin!"

"Wait." The Smoke Charming suddenly shouted, "What are the requirements for quality? You have to be sure! "

"Yeah, you can say it now." The Tian Yu Dan Devil agreed.

This matter was related to the final victor, so they were very concerned about it. They had to get to the bottom of this to prevent the Burning Sun Dan Devil from being shameless.

"You all have testing equipment right? If you reach the level of 60, you’ll be considered qualified." The Burning Sun Dan Devil said.

"Alright, it’s alright now. We can start now." Smoke Charming nodded.

Chen Xiang stared at the Magic flame fruit, this competition was mainly about the speed at which they were being refined. The Magic flame fruit could only be refined in two days, this should not be a difficult pill to refine, at least, it was better than the Hell Magic Dan from before.

"There’s still some difficulty to refining this pill." Tian Yu Dan Devil looked at Chen Xiang who was ready to make a move and laughed coldly: "You need to be slower in refining the first furnace. If you fail, then you will basically lose."

"Chen Xiang, the moment Magic flame fruit meets fire, it would release a strong demonic flame. You need to be careful of this." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said, "Also, Magic flame fruit have a core. This core has the strongest energy, so you need to ensure the stability of the core when refining it."

"If the inner core is not stable, a strange change will occur. It will absorb all the energy into the inner core, and then the inner core will turn into ashes. There will be nothing left."

"It’s useless no matter how much more you teach him. We’ll only know when he goes to forge it!" The Burning Sun Dan Devil sneered. He felt that Chen Xiang would definitely not make such smooth progress this time. "Let’s start now!"

In the beginning, everyone went up and each of them took two Magic flame fruit.

Just like before, Chen Xiang gave one of them to He Fengyuan for her to understand. He did not immediately start refining the pill. Previously, he had failed the first batch because he did not have enough knowledge about the medicinal ingredients.

Although the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil had told him something about the Magic flame fruit, he still needed to know more.

He Fengyuan entered the Time array and quickly came out.

"That’s more or less what Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said ... But there is one thing I need to note, the Magic flame fruit’s flame is a devil’s flame, it is a very evil flame, whether or not it will clash with your flame, this is something you need to note. " He Fengyuan said: "Also, there is the core, we must deal with it well, otherwise, it will be very easy for it to fail."

Chen Xiang was slower than the others by a little, but he had finally started.

All the other Dan Devil had pill furnaces, only he did not, his refining skills would definitely be exposed, but he was not too worried. If he could see the process of him refining pills, at most he would only get some inspiration, and it would not be that easy to master the essence of his pill techniques.

"I will directly use the legendary dragon fire for incineration. This shouldn’t be a problem, right?" In the end, Chen Xiang decided to use the strongest legendary dragon fire.

Although the legendary dragon fire was red, it could still emit a red, crystal, and red glow, causing the entire Magic method furnace to appear as though it was enveloped in a red, hazy mist, allowing the inner part of the pill furnace to be seen clearly.

It was difficult to see the core of the burned Magic flame fruit because it was the area where the flames were the most concentrated. Adding to that, the Magic flame fruit itself would spew out flames, causing that place to look like a small, blood-red sun.

On the whole Dan Devil Stage, the most eye-catching person there was Chen Xiang, because he was refining with a Magic method furnace, anyone could see the situation inside the pill furnace, and the multicolored light he was releasing was also very beautiful.

The other four Dan Devil were the closest to Chen Xiang, and they could clearly see the interior of the transparent Magic method furnace. To be able to watch an outstanding Pill God’s refinement technique like this was a good thing for them.

Six hours later, the Magic method furnace’s radiance suddenly dimmed.

"The core has been swallowed!" Smoke Charming shouted.

"It’s only been six hours ..." It’s way faster than I thought it was going to be. It’s so bad. " Tian Yu Dan Devil laughed.