Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang’s forehead was beaded with sweat. This was his first time refining a Magic flame fruit, so if he was not careful, the core would immediately become unstable. This rate of devouring was extremely fast, and he was unable to stop it. "..."

A moment later, everyone saw that inside Chen Xiang’s Magic method furnace, there was a round black bead that was the size of a fist.

"It’s a failure!" Both he and Tian Yu Dan Devil revealed an extremely relieved expression.

As long as he failed, even if he performed well in the end, it would still be difficult for him to obtain the final victory.

"The core is not easy to control. My first attempt at refining it will inevitably fail because I’m not familiar with it." Chen Xiang was not in a hurry. Even though he had already failed once, he still had the confidence that he could win in the end.

Thereafter, he continued to refine the pill a second time.

If he failed this time, he could only leave.

"This is only a very low-grade medicinal herb. If I fail the second time, then I will have to leave." Chen Xiang calmed himself down.

He felt that the Burning Sun Dan Devil must have calculated his first failure, because this Magic flame fruit was extremely strange. Without any experience in refining it, the first time he tried refining it, he would definitely fail.

In this way, according to the rules, he would surely lose in the end.

"Even if I am able to successfully refine it, my speed will definitely be inferior to theirs." Chen Xiang had already stabilized the inner core.

Because of the special nature of the inner core, his speed of condensing the core could not be too fast. Otherwise, the inner core would definitely be thrown into chaos and he would begin to swallow the core.

After two days, the four Dan Devil s successfully refined a Devil Flame Divine Pill. They had placed it in a crystal box beside the pill furnace and anyone could see that the pill that emitted a black and red aura was of decent quality.

It had also been almost two days since Chen Xiang had carried it out, but there was still a blazing red sun within the Magic method furnace, making it difficult to see what had happened.

Only the four Dan Devil s on the Dan Devil Stage knew what was going on inside. Although Burning Sun Dan Devil and Tian Yu Dan Devil didn’t want to admit it, they all felt that Chen Xiang’s pill refining level was slightly higher than theirs.

They all knew the characteristics of the Magic flame fruit. Even though it was a low level medicinal herb, it was hard to obtain.

But Chen Xiang had only failed once, and things went on smoothly!

The second round of competition had already lasted four days. Chen Xiang had finally succeeded in refining one pellet, but the other Dan Devil s had already refined two and they had taken the second pellet.

Chen Xiang also started to take out the second batch of ingredients. He had only refined one pellet, adding the failure from the previous time, he would need to deduct the amount of pellets he had refined, this was equivalent to him not being able to successfully refine one pellet. Furthermore, he needed nearly four days to refine one!

Currently, the other four Dan Devil s were trying to speed up their pace so that they could finish refining the two Magic flame fruit in their hands. This way, they could obtain the last Magic flame fruit.

"Chen Xiang is definitely going to lose. Right now, he can at most refine three pills. No matter what, he won’t have the chance to win!"

"Seems like the Smoke Charming is the fastest!"

"The outcome of the battle has more or less been decided!"

Everyone began to discuss with one another.

Long Yue was currently very sad, because looking at the situation on the stage, Chen Xiang was definitely going to lose. There was no suspense at all, on one hand, it would be a failure, and on the other hand, the speed of refinement would be too slow.

Perhaps if others had already refined four pills, he would only be able to refine two!

Just as everyone was discussing, Chen Xiang suddenly threw the two Magic flame fruit into the Magic method furnace together!

"He wants to refine two Magic flame fruit together?"

"The inner core of a Magic flame fruit is extremely unstable. Putting the two of them together is suicidal."

"Looks like he’s desperate."

Everyone exclaimed.

He was powerless to deal with Chen Xiang’s current situation, and now even he felt that Chen Xiang no longer had any hope.

The Smoke Charming didn’t care about other things and focused on pill refining.

This was because it was the key that decided victory or defeat. Otherwise, the Tian Yu Dan Devil would definitely mock and ridicule Chen Xiang and give him a good beating.

After four more days, Smoke Charming was the fastest to finish refining the fourth Devil Flame Divine Pill. After that, she flew to the center and took out the last Magic flame fruit in the basket.

"This is mine!" The Smoke Charming laughed coquettishly.

Tian Yu Dan Devil and Burning Sun Dan Devil were initially anxiously trying to condense the last pellets, but now that they saw that Smoke Charming had already obtained the last Magic flame fruit, they immediately felt relieved, because there was no hope left.

"If you fail, then this fight will be tied." The Tian Yu Dan Devil said.

"That’s not it. If the Smoke Charming fails, only Chen Xiang will lose. He needs to give the pill formulas to the four of us." The Burning Sun Dan Devil sneered.

Chen Xiang scolded silently. This Burning Sun Dan Devil was obviously telling Smoke Charming that he was trying to make the Smoke Charming fail on purpose so that they could all obtain the formula for the Extreme Heaven Pill together. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"How could I fail? "Once I succeed, I will be the only winner. I will be able to obtain your pill formulas." At this time, she was no longer in a hurry. She could slowly refine it, after all it would be better to be a bit more stable.

Although Chen Xiang’s Magic method furnace was burning in flames and radiating light, he could no longer attract attention. He was a loser, so no one would care about him.

Everyone’s eyes were focused on Smoke Charming, the charming and peerless beauty, waiting for her to condense her core.

More than two days had passed, and Smoke Charming had successfully formed a core!

"I won!" The Smoke Charming laughed.

"I’m not done yet!" Chen Xiang said: "Whatever you say, wait until I’m done!"

Yes, Chen Xiang was still refining, but everyone thought that there was no point in him refining anymore!

"Fine, I’ll wait for you to finish then." Smoke Charming laughed: "Anyway, you have lost for sure!"

"Not yet!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, the Magic method furnace suddenly exploded. The layer of fire outside disappeared, and a gigantic black and red crystal ball floated in the air.

Seeing this crystal ball, everyone was stunned, these were all Medicine crystal! Especially the Alchemist s who had refined Magic flame fruit before, they understood this the best!

In the past few days, Chen Xiang had been silently refining those two Magic flame fruit. Although there were some people who suspected that he would be able to refine two Magic flame fruit at the same time with such stability, they didn’t really care about him when they thought that he would lose in the end.

And when Chen Xiang refined it, he used all sorts of incantations to give birth to the Medicine crystal, causing it to become so big!

"You ... How did you do it? " Smoke Charming’s face was filled with disbelief.

"This is my secret." Chen Xiang smiled faintly.