Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Tian Yu Dan Devil sneered: "The Medicine crystal is so useless right now?"

"It is useless, but it is enough to form multiple pills!" Chen Xiang laughed, then shouted loudly. The big crystal suddenly cracked, splitting into six pieces. Previous Chapter Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

After that, he released a powerful flame that melted the six crystals into a ball!

Inside Chen Xiang’s Magic method furnace, there were six Medicine crystal of the same size.

Seeing that, everyone immediately understood. Chen Xiang had refined all six of these beads before, and that was six Demonic Flame Divine Pills!

Just as everyone was thinking about this, Chen Xiang released a strong pressure and reduced the pressure on the six balls of crystals to a small pressure, turning them into Demon Flame Divine Pellets.

"Sorry for the wait." Chen Xiang chuckled, and looked at the stunned Dan Devil: "The victor and loser should be clear at a glance now!"

After everyone was stunned for a moment, they let out a wave of surprised shouts!

Chen Xiang, who was thought to have no chance of winning, turned the tables in the end. This was simply inconceivable!

The Smoke Charming had refined a total of five Devil Flame Divine Pills, which was the most one out of the four Dan Devil s. However, Chen Xiang had refined a total of seven pills, and because he failed once before, he had to deduct one, which was equivalent to six pills!

This was one more than the Smoke Charming!

"I want to test the quality of your Devil Flame Divine Pills." Smoke Charming was very unwilling, he saw that he was about to win.

"Right, right, you have to test the quality. Although you can refine six pills, the quality might not be guaranteed." Tian Yu Dan Devil said. If he lost to Smoke Charming, he would feel better, but he could not accept losing to Chen Xiang.

"Use my tools first." The Burning Sun Dan Devil said.

Burning Sun Dan Devil took out a disk.

The Demonic Flame Divine Pill that Chen Xiang refined was the same as the Demonic Flame Divine Pill that the other Dan Devil s refined.

It was just that the Burning Sun Dan Devil and the rest could not accept this fact!

"Chen Xiang, you truly shocked me!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil exclaimed repeatedly as he looked at the Devil Flame Divine Pill in Chen Xiang’s hands.

For Chen Xiang to be able to make the Magic flame fruit give birth to so much energy, it must be due to his mystical pill techniques. This also meant that his pill refining skills were very high, using a portion of medicinal ingredients to refine a pill was equivalent to the amount of medicinal ingredients he had refined.

After the Burning Sun Dan Devil’s test, every single one of Chen Xiang’s Devil Flame Divine Pellets had a quality of eighty, and after that, when it came to the Tian Yu Dan Devil’s test, their numbers were also the same.

Finally, it was the Smoke Charming. The results of her test were the same!

After that, they tested the quality of the pills they had refined, which fluctuated between 80 and 90%.

"I won!" Chen Xiang laughed: "According to the agreement, I can obtain your pill formulas."

"I admit defeat." The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil chuckled, then passed a box to Chen Xiang: "The ingredients to refine the Yellow Origin Divine Pellet are all inside! There are three. "

"Hmph, I’ll follow you if I give it to you!" Smoke Charming also gave the formula for his Charm Divine Pill to Chen Xiang.

Burning Sun Dan Devil and Tian Yu Dan Devil could only hand it over to Chen Xiang with hatred. If it was Smoke Charming, their mood would probably improve a little.

"Although he lost, it’s still better than Burning Sun Dan Devil. He lost a pill furnace after all." Smoke Charming laughed coquettishly, these words immediately angered Burning Sun Dan Devil.

"This is bad luck for me!" Burning Sun Dan Devil immediately jumped off the Dan Devil Stage and left in anger.

Tian Yu Dan Devil also left in grief, losing to a little brat whom he had ridiculed multiple times. He had already been ridiculed by many people, it would take many years for everyone to forget about this matter.

There was nothing going on in the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil. He was friends with Chen Xiang in the first place, and also the Dan Devil.

The round of the competition ended just like that. Many people had lost miserably, because only a few people had won against Chen Xiang.

... ....

Inside Huang Tian Tower, after Long Yue took off her mask, she finally saw a trace of a rare smile on her cold, arrogant face.

"Miss Long Yue, what is it that makes you so happy?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"You win. Can’t I be happy for you?" Long Yue immediately retracted his smile, and coldly snorted: "Luckily you didn’t lose, otherwise I would have suffered heavy losses!"

"You bet on me winning? How much did you win in total? " Chen Xiang’s eyes immediately lit up, he remembered Long Yue borrowed a lot of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals from him.

"Two hundred million Tao-creation Divine Crystals ... This is in my hand. " Long Yue said with a face full of pride, "And what this little bitch Smoke Charming owes me, I’ll also take this gamble with her."

"Why don’t you bet with her on the Hell star?" Chen Xiang anxiously said.

"She’s not willing, don’t you see that I often go to Smoke Charming Tower? In the end, she agreed to bet one hundred million Tao-creation Sacred Crystals with me. " Long Yue had made a huge profit this time, and her extremely high skills in pill refining also shocked her, especially when she had turned the tables in the end.

"Let’s go, let’s go ridicule the Smoke Charming." Long Yue said, then dragged Chen Xiang and hurried towards the Smoke Charming.

The Smoke Charming still welcomed them warmly, allowing them to enter the luxurious hall.

"How does it feel to have my man beat you at the last minute?" Long Yue smiled slightly: "We had an agreement before, you lose, hurry up and give me one hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals!"

"Sigh, I have to admit, Chen Xiang is a good man. I am willing to admit my loss and I’ll give it to you." Smoke Charming laughed tenderly: "Being able to lose to Chen Xiang can also be considered my honor!"

Smoke Charming gave the Tao-creation Divine Crystal to Long Yue, but Long Yue was a little unhappy about it.

Chen Xiang secretly admired Dan Devil because he thought that Long Yue wanted to provoke her, but she was always smiling. It didn’t matter if it was an act or not, it made Long Yue unable to be complacent.

"As long as you give him to me, the Hell star will be yours." The Smoke Charming took out a box and laughed: "The Hell star is inside!"

"You’re delusional, not exchanging even ten Hell star." Long Yue coldly snorted.

"Then you’ll never be able to obtain a Hell star in your life." Smoke Charming laughed tenderly: "Why don’t I take a step back and let him sleep with me for a night? I’ll give you the Hell star!"

Chen Xiang laughed dryly: "About this ... I think so! "

"Shut up!" Long Yue coldly snorted.

"Aiyo, looks like you haven’t slept with him yet!" Smoke Charming laughed. "I can’t imagine a woman like you being entangled with a man."

Smoke Charming didn’t have the slightest face to talk about this matter, but Long Yue had a huge reaction, causing her ice-cold jade face to redden slightly.

"A shameless woman!" Long Yue shouted angrily: "Let’s go! Don’t look at her again! "

Smoke Charming seemed to have already seen through that Chen Xiang and Long Yue was just pretending to be husband and wife.

"Wait a bit before you leave! I’ve already seen through your act of pretending to be lovers. Since it’s already like this, are you still not willing to give this man to me? " Smoke Charming immediately pulled Long Yue back, but Long Yue shook her hand off.

"Hmph, this brat has a bunch of women. If you want to sleep with him, go and ask his women." Long Yue was very angry, she did not know how Smoke Charming saw through it, but she felt that she and Chen Xiang had disguised themselves very well.

Actually, Smoke Charming knew a lot about women and knew the relationship between men and women, but Long Yue knew nothing about it, and it was easy to see through it.

Thailand’s most popular female anchorwoman new love video exposure down the male host!