Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

With Xiao Xianglin’s help, he quickly established a connection with the Killing evil dragon Armor and perfectly fused with it. As long as he willed it, he could release the Dragon Armor.

"As expected, it’s not bad. Long Yue should still have some dragon scales. I asked her to give me some." Chen Xiang praised.

Long Yue also returned, when she pushed open the door, she saw Xiao Xianglin using a small hammer to knock on Chen Xiang’s black armor. She had already known that Chen Xiang had a master, who was not only an Incantation Master, but was also an expert in smithing.

When she saw Xiao Xianglin, she had thought that Xiao Xianglin was a woman that Chen Xiang had called over. However, when she saw that Xiao Xianglin was examining the armor, she immediately thought of the master that Chen Xiang had mentioned, but she did not think that it would actually be a woman.

"Sister Yue ..." This is my master! " Chen Xiang immediately said.

"Hello, Miss Long. I am Xiao Xianglin, Chen Xiang’s master!" Xiao Xianglin had already known about Long Yue’s situation, and he did not have any unfamiliar feelings towards him.

It was actually Long Yue’s first time seeing Chen Xiang’s master, but she didn’t know why, but she was a little cautious. It was because in her eyes, Chen Xiang was an extremely strong person, so her master was definitely very strong.

"Hello!" Long Yue also responded.

"Your dragon’s scale is very good. Come and see how I’ve been able to refine it." Xiao Xianglin smiled.

When Long Yue walked over to take a look, he was secretly shocked. This armor was about the same as hers, maybe even a lot better than hers.

"I did well. Can you help me refine another set?" I’ll pay you back! " Long Yue exclaimed in shock, then watched as Chen Xiang withdrew the armor back into his body, the same as her.

"Of course you can, as long as you give me Long Lin. You and Chen Xiang are friends, I don’t need your reward." Xiao Xianglin chuckled: "I will use my clone to refine it, and will not disturb me."

"Sister Yue, the Doppelgänger mantra Soul Stone that I gave you earlier was refined by my master. Chen Xiang laughed: "Impressive!"

"En!" In her eyes, Paternoster soul stone were extremely magical things, and learning about Legendary mantra gave her the most headache, but Xiao Xianglin was able to solve such a difficult problem.

"The dragon’s scale you gave me last time isn’t enough, give me more, my master will help you refine it for free ..." She needs one herself. " Chen Xiang said.

"Sure!" Long Yue took out many dragon scales.

Although Xiao Xianglin said that she didn’t want the reward, she still gave Xiao Xianglin a hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

"Sister Xiao, can you sell me a Doppelgänger mantra Soul Stone?" Long Yue suddenly said: "I will trade for something that you are interested in!"

The last time Long Yue had gotten a Paternoster soul stone from Chen Xiang was in exchange for it with dragon’s scale. She also knew that she had earned a lot from this exchange and would definitely not be able to do it again.

Long Yue didn’t know how to refine Paternoster soul stone either, he thought Paternoster soul stone were very precious, but they could actually be refined using a few Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

In the past, when it was very difficult for Chen Xiang to obtain the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, they were indeed very precious. But now that the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals were increasing in number, refining a Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal which took up a Paternoster soul stone wasn’t really the same thing.

"Sister Yue, are you giving this demon to Smoke Charming?" His intuition told him that Long Yue was going to give the Doppelgänger mantra to the Smoke Charming.

"Don’t worry about it!" Long Yue coldly snorted.

"Of course you can!" Xiao Xianglin also agreed.

Long Yue took out a big box. After opening it, there was a big golden stone inside.

"What is this?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know. "My mother left it to me, saying that there were some incantations, and I haven’t been able to discover anything from it for many years. If Sister Xiao is not interested, I will think of another way to get what you need." When she addressed Xiao Xianglin as elder sister, it could be seen that she respected Xiao Xianglin a lot.

"There is indeed an incantation inside ..." Xiao Xianglin looked at it carefully, then took out a piece of Paternoster soul stone and gave it to Long Yue.

Xiao Xianglin had always kept Paternoster soul stone s in reserve. If his clone was injured, the Doppelgänger mantra he had mastered would be erased from his memories, and he would need to use Paternoster soul stone s.

Long Yue was startled, and accepted it. She thought that she would need to wait a while to obtain it, but did not expect Xiao Xianglin to actually take it out so quickly.

"Sister Yue, are you going to give it to Smoke Charming?" Chen Xiang laughed. "What is your relationship with her?"

"You don’t need to worry about me!" Long Yue rolled his eyes at Chen Xiang lightly, put away the Paternoster soul stone then, and said to Xiao Xianglin: "Sister Xiao, if you investigate the inside of this rock thoroughly, please tell me, I have been very curious."

"No problem!" Xiao Xianglin smiled and kept the golden stone.

After receiving the Doppelgänger mantra Soul Stone, Long Yue bid farewell to Xiao Xianglin and quickly left.

"It must be for Smoke Charming." Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"This is obvious! I just said that her relationship with Smoke Charming is very unusual. " Xiao Xianglin laughed: "If you’re curious, just display the profoundfeng Mantra and follow along, won’t you know?"

"Peeping on someone else’s movie and television isn’t good." Chen Xiang shook his head, he was a man with principles.

After receiving so many dragon scales, Xiao Xianglin returned to the You Yao Mountain Villa and used his two clones to refine armor.

"Master, how powerful is the stone she gave you? Is there really a curse inside? " Chen Xiang had also seen that rock just now. Its surface was smooth and crystal clear, with nothing on it at all.

"I can feel it!" Xiao Xianglin said in a stern voice: "That rock is a very powerful seal, and just this seal is enough for me to torture for a long time! Furthermore, the power of the incantation can be released through this seal. When I sense it, I can tell that it isn’t a weak incantation. " RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Then we won’t lose anything!" Chen Xiang laughed.

Chen Xiang tried out the set of armor. It could increase one’s defense even more.

He Fengyuan also took out the pill formula, this time she stayed in the Time array for a very long time, and it was with the Mei Jing Sisters.

"I will work with Meimei, Sijing, and the others to combine the medicinal ingredients chosen. This will make it easier for you to refine." This was also the reason why He Fengyuan had been going on for so long.

The medicinal ingredients required for the four pill formulas that Chen Xiang had won were fused by He Fengyuan and company into new medicinal ingredients. This truly required a lot of time and effort.

He Fengyuan gave Chen Xiang two types of medicinal ingredients. One was the Shenyuan crystal ginseng, the other was the new medicinal ingredient that they had created, which was also a Ginseng.

The Shenyuan crystal ginseng was a giant blood-red ginseng, and what He Fengyuan and the others had fused with was a black ginseng the size of a palm.

"The ingredients given by the four Dan Devil all contain Evil Spirit Force, so after fusing it, it becomes like this, which is convenient for you to refine. This ginseng is called the Demonic Sky Ginseng, you only need to refine it together with the Shenyuan crystal ginseng." He Fengyuan said.