Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang looked at the pure black crystal ginseng in his hand and became a little worried.

"The demonic energy is too strong, does it have any effect? After all, it needs to be used to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source. " Chen Xiang said.

"Don’t worry, the pure yang energy inside the Shenyuan crystal ginseng will cancel out. When you refine it, you will need to be careful to help the Shenyuan crystal ginseng suppress the Heavenly Demonic Ginseng." He Fengyuan said.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to start concocting, he suddenly heard shouts from outside. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"The blood rain has stopped, the blood rain has stopped!"

Many people exclaimed in surprise.

The blood rain from the natural disaster had finally stopped, this was not bad news at all.

"Long Yue and the rest should be leaving soon, I will wait for them to leave, then start refining." Chen Xiang did not plan to explore the secrets of the Hell star with them. That place was simply too dangerous, there was nothing to worry about even if they managed to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source.

Sure enough, Long Yue returned not long after.

"Just wait two more days. The blood cloud in the sky is gone, and we’re about to depart!" When Long Yue returned, he immediately went into Chen Xiang’s room.

"You must be careful, that is an unknown secret." Chen Xiang said: "After all, we met once, I do not wish for you to die."

"Don’t worry, I definitely won’t die!" Long Yue lightly snorted: "You must also promise me, after cultivating the World Defying Stage Divine Source, you will return to the Most Ancient Era, if not you will not be able to defeat him."

"I know!" Chen Xiang had other concerns: "Is Smoke Charming really reliable? You were tricked by her the last time! "

"She swore a blood oath. You don’t have to worry about that!" Long Yue said, "Sister Xiao, when will you be able to refine the Dragon Armor?"

The armor she had Xiao Xianglin forge was also for the Smoke Charming.

"Master is inside the Time array, and it’s even going to be with his main body and avatar. He should be able to finish it very quickly!" Chen Xiang laughed: This should also be prepared for Smoke Charming right? "What exactly is the relationship between you two?"

"Hmph, she is my mother’s younger sister!" Long Yue said.

Chen Xiang only felt that it was a little unexpected, because he had long noticed that the relationship between Long Yue and the Smoke Charming was not ordinary.

"When my mother died, I asked her to avenge me, but she refused. I hated her from then on." Long Yue said: "And later on, she took very good care of me as well. We often did some things together, and then she took away a piece of my Hell star ..."

Long Yue’s mother had been killed by the First Beast-creation Ancestor, so Long Yue hated the First Beast-creation Ancestor to the core, but it could still be seen that she still had some feelings for her father.

"I don’t understand you." Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed: "Since she is related to you in this way, I will be more at ease now! No wonder she was so concerned about the relationship between you and me. So she was actually concerned about you and worried that you would be harmed! "

"No!" She was very cunning, she really wanted ... If it wasn’t for the fact that Hell had restricted the power of the World Defying Stage Divine Source, she would have caught you long ago. " Long Yue coldly snorted, "When you meet her in the future, you must be wary of her. Don’t be fooled by her."

"It’s worth it to be bewitched by her!" Chen Xiang chuckled: "I won’t lose anything anyway!"

"I have to tell Sister Xiao to teach you a lesson." Long Yue said fiercely.

"Alright, it should be fine if I see her hiding away from me in the future, right?" Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"That’s more like it." Long Yue scoffed, his face had a relieved look.

Chen Xiang was curious about Long Yue’s mother, but he didn’t dare to ask about it. When First Beast-creation Ancestor killed his wife, she must have had some difficulties, and she seemed to support him.

After two days, the blood cloud in the sky scattered, and they were finally able to confirm that the blood rain from the Sky Disaster had stopped. Xiao Xianglin had also finished refining the armor, and passed it to Long Yue.

Long Yue was worried that Chen Xiang would be confused by his meeting with the Smoke Charming, so he did not bring Chen Xiang to the Smoke Charming.

"There shouldn’t be any problems with the Smoke Charming. Although this woman is a bit flirtatious, she is still a good person." Chen Xiang stood in front of the window and looked into the distance.

"She’s worried that you’re really with Smoke Charming." Xiao Xianglin laughed: "Long Yue might have already been moved by you ... So she doesn’t wish to be the same man as Smoke Charming in the future. "

"Is this true?" Chen Xiang was startled.

"You have so many women, don’t you see?" Xiao Xianglin rolled his eyes.

"I just don’t think that a guy like Long Yue should have such feelings for her, so I never thought about it." Chen Xiang frowned and said.

"Maybe she only stirred up a little bit of her emotions and did not sink too deep into it. She was only worried that she might really fall in love in the future, so she first cut off the possibility of you and the Smoke Charming being together." Xiao Xianglin laughed and said, "Even though Long Yue is a Killing evil dragon, she isn’t heartless.

"Especially her feelings for her own mother, and for the Smoke Charming ... The reason why she gave the Paternoster soul stone and that set of armor to Smoke Charming was so that she could become stronger. After all, Smoke Charming is her mother’s little sister and he had once taken care of her. "

"That’s true, and I also feel that she isn’t really that ruthless of a First Beast-creation Ancestor. She even wanted to obtain nine keys from my hands to save First Beast-creation Ancestor so that he wouldn’t be fed to the Evil beast again." Chen Xiang heaved a long sigh.

"Exactly, but she doesn’t want anyone to see her feelings." Xiao Xianglin faintly sighed, "It’s better for you to quickly save First Beast-creation Ancestor, so that she won’t be unable to control her emotions in the future and directly go save her by herself. It’ll be dangerous."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, saving First Beast-creation Ancestor would not be a loss, as he could cultivate an indestructible body.

"Chen Xiang, Chen Xiang!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil shouted as he knocked on Chen Xiang’s door.

After Xiao Xianglin entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, Chen Xiang anxiously opened the door.

"Senior Huang Tian, what urgent matter?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Didn’t you say before that you came here from the Most Ancient Era to avoid your enemies? A fellow who just came from Most Ancient Era. " The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said.

The blood rain from the natural disaster had already stopped for two days, so the person who came from Most Ancient Era was probably near the Dan Devil City. Otherwise, it would be impossible for him to come to the Dan Devil City so quickly.

"There should be a lot of people from Most Ancient Era right? There’s nothing strange about that." Chen Xiang said.

"NO!" Something big had happened in the Most Ancient Era... And this person directly fell from above. " Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said, "Fortunately he fell in my territory, I’ve already ordered some people to bring him here."

Chen Xiang had not been in hell for long, but something big had actually happened to the Most Ancient Era!

At most, only the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord in Most Ancient Era would look for him everywhere. Furthermore, the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord could not start a massacre everywhere, there was a large restriction on him in the Most Ancient Era’s barrier.

The Medicine-creation Divine Continent was also protected by the Nine Trees and a barrier. Without Long Yue to lead the way, the Beast-creation Race could not do anything else.

"Quick, take me to see him." Chen Xiang also wanted to know what had happened in Most Ancient Era.