Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil brought Chen Xiang to a secret room, it was heavily guarded.

Chen Xiang saw that person. It was an old man, with heavy injuries and a very weak appearance. He was still conscious.

"Old senior, did you fall from Most Ancient Era?" Chen Xiang asked. There were many paths from the Most Ancient Era to the Infernal Realm, but no one had ever heard of one falling. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"Did you also come from the Most Ancient Era?" This frail old man was somewhat excited, because he could feel that Chen Xiang had the same kind of righteous aura as him.

"I came by myself!" Chen Xiang said: "I have been here for a long time! "How did you fall from above?"

"Fortunately, you came down early and avoided a disaster!" The thin old man sighed: "A war broke out above Most Ancient Era, the slaughter turned into rivers of blood, countless people died tragically!"

"Was it done by the Beast-creation Race?" Chen Xiang frowned and asked, only the Beast-creation Race could cause such a large-scale massacre.

"No!" The thin elder shook his head. "We don’t know what those fellows are either. They look like humans, but they are completely devoid of humanity. They are not the humans that I am familiar with!"

"Then what is it?" Chen Xiang was secretly worried, he had many friends in the Most Ancient Era.

"Some sudden species. His skin was slightly dark, and it was extremely savage and full of the nature of a beast! Even the Beast-creation Race did not dare to provoke them, and the weaker humans ended up suffering, slaughtered by them. " The thin elder replied, "I am a City Lord of a city. I resisted until the very end, when the entire city was soaked in blood. Then, a suction force suddenly appeared and sucked me down here."

"Could it be that this is why the blood rain from the natural disaster appeared?" Chen Xiang looked at Yellow Heaven Dan Devil.

"It’s extremely possible!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil nodded his head, "Actually, hell and Most Ancient Era have a lot to do with each other."

In the era before the Most Ancient Era took over the Myriad Tao, there were countless humans up there. Suddenly, a large number of humans were massacred by the foreign races, which would cause fluctuations in the energy of the Most Ancient Era.

"Old senior, you should recuperate properly here. You can go up after your injuries have healed." Chen Xiang passed a few Rebirth powder to the old man, then walked out of the secret room with Yellow Heaven Dan Devil.

"Senior Huang Tian, I want to go back to the Most Ancient Era to look around." Chen Xiang said with a heavy tone.

"Alright, you must be careful!" The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil warned, "If your enemies are chasing after you, you just have to come here as soon as possible."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, such a thing suddenly happened in Most Ancient Era, maybe Golden Fire Arrogant Lord had already given up on searching for him.

He wanted to go back and see if the Medicine-creation Divine Continent and the others had been affected.

... ....

Chen Xiang followed his route and returned to the Most Ancient Era, spending more than a month before arriving on the surface.

Arriving at the top of Most Ancient Era, he saw that the air was filled with thick killing intent and a ruthless aura.

"A lot of people died!" Chen Xiang let out a helpless sigh, he released three illusions and looked around. After not finding Golden Fire Arrogant Lord’s golden Fire Bird, he took out a formation plate.

This was a Transmission array disk, able to allow him to teleport to the Hundreds of Flowers Village!

After activating the Transmission array, Chen Xiang quickly appeared in Hundreds of Flowers Village.

Seeing that Hundreds of Flowers Village was as calm as ever, Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief. He found Feng Yujie, passed down the most recent pill he concocted to her, and then left the Hundreds of Flowers Village in a hurry.

He was worried that the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord would find him here, so he shouldn’t stay here for long!

Chen Xiang rushed towards the Medicine-creation Divine Continent!

"Medicine-creation Divine Continent should be fine, her overall strength is so strong, she will definitely not be easily defeated." Xiao Xianglin said.

When Chen Xiang was in Hundreds of Flowers Village, he also found out about some of the race from Little Lizhi, so she and Bai Youyou went out to investigate some of it.

They caught some of the darker ones and then Bai Youyou used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on them and knew that this race came from deep underground.

Underneath the Most Ancient Era, there were many hollow places where this kind of race lived. They could be considered human, but they were extremely savage.

Bai Youyou also said that this clan was initially sealed below, but in this period of time, someone had removed the powerful seal.

"Who was it that released the seal? This fellow definitely has another motive! " At this time, Chen Xiang had to be extremely careful. Although he did not see the Fire Bird that Golden Fire Arrogant Lord released, he was always on tenterhooks.

He came to Medicine God Mountain Villa!

The city that the Medicine God Mountain Villa was in was already ruined, but many noises came from inside, and there were even many living people inside.

Chen Xiang used the profoundfeng Mantra to activate for a while, and then easily passed through the barrier, passed through the city walls, and headed towards the Medicine God Mountain Villa.

There were also a lot of people gathered in the Medicine God Mountain Villa. At this moment, the entire city had sunk into a panic, one could see how terrifying the strength of those Underworld Humans s were.

When the Medicine God heard that Chen Xiang had arrived at Medicine God Mountain Villa, he rushed over.

What surprised Chen Xiang was that Jing Yun’er and Han Xiaoying were also there.

"Chen Xiang, where have you been these past few days? We sent people to the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, but were unable to find you. " Jing Yun’er said: "We are very worried that the Underworld Humans will eat you."

"My bones are very hard. They don’t taste good." Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s good that you guys are fine!"

"His bones are even tougher ..." You were already chased by the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord, luckily he didn’t dare to come here during this period of time, otherwise his Fire Bird would definitely have been caught by the Underworld Humans. " Jing Yun’er said again.

"What exactly happened to those Underworld Humans s?" Chen Xiang looked towards the Medicine God and Ice-creation Race Emperor.

"It’s a long story... "Let Miss Jing speak." Ice-creation Race Emperor sighed: "She knows it better than me."

Jing Yun’er actually knew about this!

"I was let out by a bunch of guys. I really didn’t expect these guys to be so reckless." Jing Yun’er said angrily, "The moment Underworld Humans appeared, all the weaker humans were killed."

Chen Xiang had seen it on the way here. As long as there was a place where humans gathered, the air would be filled with a murderous aura.

"Could it be that they were released by the Initial God-creation Realm?" Chen Xiang had previously heard from Little Lizhi that the Underworld Humans was sealed inside the barrier.

"No, they don’t have the ability! was released by the Crystal-creation Race. " Jing Yun’er raged: "This bunch of bastards, I will take care of them sooner or later!"

"Crystal-creation Race? Could it be that it was specially created to create the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal? " Chen Xiang said in shock.

"That’s right, I’m from the Crystal-creation Race, but I have nothing to do with them anymore." Jing Yun’er was brought to the Tao-creation Place very early on, and was responsible for nurturing the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals there.

Later, she would cultivate the evil ways and kill the evil phoenixes.

"There’s no other way to deal with them now. We can only wait for the surviving humans to become stronger before we can fight them!" The Medicine God said: "The people in Medicine-creation Divine Continent are quite strong, but Underworld Humans did not go and provoke them, so the Medicine-creation Divine Continent did not care, moreover, the barrier around the Medicine-creation Divine Continent is very strong, so we are unable to enter right now."