Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"I’m relieved if all of you are fine. I’ll go to Medicine-creation Divine Continent right now and see if I can get more reinforcements from the Medicine-creation Divine Continent." Chen Xiang had many friends in the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, so both Yu Weizhou and Zuo Xingfeng were very strong existences in the Medicine-creation Divine Continent.

Chen Xiang left Medicine God Mountain Villa, and headed towards Medicine-creation Divine Continent!

He had turned into a gust of wind in the sky, making it hard for ordinary people to sense him.

After flying for half a day, he suddenly saw a group of people wearing beast skins. Their skin was somewhat black, and the beast skins on their bodies were stained with blood. They held black weapons in their hands as they madly rushed forward.

Chen Xiang looked ahead and saw a large group of people riding on Giant Elephants.

"This group is Underworld Humans?" Chen Xiang immediately gave chase.

When the people riding on the Giant Elephant saw Underworld Humans chasing them, they all abandoned the Giant Elephant and ran away. They were all people who were fleeing for their lives, but after being chased by the Underworld Humans, they all ran away in panic.

There weren’t many Underworld Humans, only about thirty of them, and there were hundreds of people riding on Giant Elephants.

"It’s the Underworld Humans’s elite team. We are no match for them, we can’t win against them." An old man shouted, "Quickly run!"

The Underworld Humans ran very fast, in just a few blinks of an eye, he had already charged into the crowd of people that were a hundred miles away. Just as he was about to kill them all, Chen Xiang suddenly released a burst of pressure and formed an invisible giant palm that struck down.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

% ". An enormous palm pressure pressed down on Underworld Humans’s body, leaving a gigantic palm print on the ground!

"There’s someone up there!" The leader of the Underworld Humans looked up and shouted, "Kill the people in the air first!"

Chen Xiang was secretly shocked. Out of the dozen or so Underworld Humans s he had pressed down with his hands, not a single one of them were injured, and furthermore, they were slowly struggling free from this huge palm of pressure.

"Don’t even think about escaping!" Chen Xiang borrowed the power of two of his clones, adding the legendary dragon fire, he struck a huge palm.

This time, the palm burned with a raging inferno. Accompanied by an extremely strong pressure, it rumbled and pressed down, shaking the space until it tore apart.

When the dozens of pressuring Underworld Humans s were struck by the gigantic palm, their bodies turned into sparks and scattered in all directions, and in an instant, they were all killed!

Those who were running away were shocked beyond belief when they saw this scene!

More than half of the Underworld Humans’s elite team that they saw as extremely powerful were destroyed in the blink of an eye!

Chen Xiang had already revealed his true form. Floating in the air, he took out his Six Realms mirrors and threw it towards the flying leader.

The Six Realms mirrors flew over, the leader’s face was filled with disdain, he waved the black blade in his hand and hacked over, but who would have thought that when his blade touched the Six Realms mirrors, it would instantly shatter and his body would be cut into two by the flying Six Realms mirrors.

After the leader was killed, the other Underworld Humans s were all stunned! Their leader was very strong, but if he was killed instantly, their strength definitely wouldn’t be enough to deal with him!

"Retreat!" A Underworld Humans shouted.

Chen Xiang didn’t even give them a chance, he had the Six Realms mirrors fly away. As long as it hit them, their bodies would be split into two.

This elite group of Underworld Humans were all killed by Chen Xiang. The people who were running away also stopped in their tracks and went back to take care of the group of Giant Elephants.

Chen Xiang only picked up a few black weapons and then continued on his way to Medicine-creation Divine Continent.

"These weapons were all formed from the Tao-creation’s sacred crystals! It is tougher than the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal, if it was a weapon made from normal materials, it would not even be able to withstand a single blow from this kind of weapon. " Xiao Xianglin said: "Even if it was refined using the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal, it would not last long before it is destroyed."

"Looks like they have a lot of these weapons! No wonder the humans of the Most Ancient Era found it hard to resist in the face of such a massacre. " Chen Xiang said.

"Let’s go to the Medicine-creation Divine Continent first! Most of the humans in the Most Ancient Era are extremely weak, and tens of thousands of people can’t even beat a single Underworld Humans. " Xiao Xianglin said.

This kind of Underworld Humans was spread throughout the entire Most Ancient Era, their massacre caused an extremely terrifying blood rain of heaven and earth, just how many people died?!

Those who were still alive today all had a certain level of power, or their powerful cities hadn’t been destroyed.

Chen Xiang arrived outside the barrier protecting the Medicine-creation Divine Continent and discovered that he could not enter the barrier. If it was before, he would be able to easily enter it!

"The enchantment has been strengthened!" After Xiao Xianglin came out to have a look, he said in shock, "Their techniques are very skilled, the consumption of this kind of barrier is huge, it would probably take a lot of effort just for the Nine Divine Tree, but they still set up this barrier, it should have other energy sources."

"Can you solve it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No way!" Xiao Xianglin shook his head: "Even you and I don’t have enough strength now .... This barrier is obviously for the sake of preventing people from cultivating the World Defying Stage Divine Source. "

"If we can cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source, there won’t be a problem."

Chen Xiang was already outside of Medicine-creation Divine Continent, but he could not go in. This made him very anxious!

"Is there no other way?" It was impossible for Chen Xiang to get to the people from the Medicine-creation Divine Continent continuously here.

"Right!" Chen Xiang took out a rock, and this rock was able to connect him to Chu Jinfeng.

When Chu Jinfeng was saved by him, he learned alchemy from Zuo Xingfeng.

The light from the stone indicated that Chu Jinfeng was nearby.

Chen Xiang landed on the ground and patiently waited for Chu Jinfeng.

More than two hours later, Chen Xiang saw Chu Jinfeng.

"Big Brother Chu!" Chen Xiang anxiously shouted, Chu Jinfeng had already told him not to call him Alliance Master, there would be no more Super Yuan Dan Alliance in the future.

Chu Jinfeng and Chen Xiang were approximately three hundred meters apart from each other, and there were many enchantments arrays separating them, so he was not allowed to get closer.

"Chen Xiang, you should hurry up and leave. This place is dangerous!" Once Chu Jinfeng arrived, he anxiously shouted.

"What’s going on? I want to enter Medicine-creation Divine Continent! " When Chen Xiang saw Chu Jinfeng’s expression, he realized that something was amiss. The Medicine-creation Divine Continent must have changed.

"Although the spies in Medicine-creation Divine Continent have already been removed, there are still some more fellows here. Currently, Elder Zuo and Elder Yu are both in closed-door cultivation cultivating for the World Defying Stage Divine Source, so the entire Medicine-creation Divine Continent is controlled by those guys." Chu Jinfeng sighed: "If you want to enter and exit Medicine-creation Divine Continent, you have to go through them."

"What kind of people are they? Could he be from Initial God-creation Realm? " Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"No, it’s the Crystal-creation Race!" Chu Jinfeng said, "The clan of Tao-creation’s crystal mother, the restraints Master placed on them back then, had already been removed. They controlled a large amount of Tao-creation’s divine crystals and then came to Medicine-creation Divine Continent!"

"At the beginning, Elder Zuo and Elder Yu didn’t know what their intentions were, so they signed a contract with them." Chu Jinfeng said: "Even though they have yet to do anything that would harm the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, I feel that there is a huge problem with them, especially placing restrictions on entering or leaving the Medicine-creation Divine Continent."

"It’s the Crystal-creation Race again!" Chen Xiang frowned. He had just left not long ago and so many things had already happened. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"You understand Crystal-creation Race?" Chu Jinfeng asked.