Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Underworld Humans was released by Crystal-creation Race!" Chen Xiang raged: "These bastards definitely have ill intentions by controlling the Medicine-creation Divine Continent."

Just as Chen Xiang finished speaking, the ground behind Chu Jinfeng started to move.

"Big Brother Chu, be careful!" Chen Xiang shouted, and then he saw that Chu Jinfeng’s body was tied up by vines that had popped out from the ground.

Chu Jinfeng was shocked and shouted angrily: "Crystal-creation Race, you have signed a contract with him, you will not harm the people inside the Medicine-creation Divine Continent."

"We haven’t hurt you yet!" A young man came out from the ground, dressed in black robes, and smiled proudly: "Chu Jinfeng, is this Chen Xiang?"

Chen Xiang’s reputation in the Medicine-creation Divine Continent was not small, especially after being chased and killed by the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord a while ago, his reputation had greatly increased!

"Who is he? It’s none of your business!" said coldly. Soon after, three white-clothed youths appeared, one look was enough to tell that they were all from the Crystal-creation Race.

Chu Jinfeng immediately said to Chen Xiang: "Hurry up and go!" Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang clenched his teeth. He felt that it wouldn’t be too hard for him to enter the Medicine-creation Divine Continent. He still had the Sky Breaking Curse, but there were still dangers lurking in the Medicine-creation Divine Continent.

"Since it’s the famous Chen Xiang, we would definitely be happy to have him enter." The black clothed man smiled, "But on one condition!"

"What condition?" Chen Xiang asked coldly.

"F * ck!"

"Hand over the nine Chuangyuan key s as well as the one you have in your grasp." The black clothed man said: "We studied the divine pellet you refined and discovered that one of the World Defying Dan grain is extremely powerful. It can independently absorb the power of the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal to improve the quality of the pellet, we have always been pursuing that."

The Huajing Dan grain was indeed very mysterious, and this was the pill pattern that Chen Xiang was so proud of. It was created by Xiao Xianglin, so he would definitely not hand it over just like that.

"The Medicine-creation Divine Continent is not yours either, why would you restrict me from entering the Medicine-creation Divine Continent?" Chen Xiang sneered.

"With the limitless amount of energy that we have, we will be able to set up a powerful enchantment around the Medicine-creation Divine Continent. It will be able to resist the invasion of the evil Underworld Humans, and even the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord will not be able to break through our enchantment." The black clothed man laughed extremely complacently: "If you hand over the Chuangyuan key, you will be able to sleep peacefully in the Medicine-creation Divine Continent. This is very worthwhile!"

"I’ll wait for Elder Zuo and Elder Yu to come out of seclusion!" Chen Xiang snorted, then sat down on the spot and made him hand over the Chuangyuan key and the Huajing Dan grain, that was impossible.

"So what if we wait for them to come out? We are the ones in charge of the entrance and exit of the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, it has nothing to do with them. " The man in black chuckled. "Are you really going to wait for them to come out?"

Chen Xiang closed his eyes and did not speak again.

Suddenly, the black-clothed man took out a jade talisman as if he was sending a message.

"What are you guys doing?" Chu Jinfeng felt that something was amiss, he asked coldly, the few people in front of him were all powerful, he had no way of fighting them.

"I informed the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord and said that Chen Xiang was here ... At the same time, he also informed the Underworld Humans that there is a delicious human here, hahaha ... " The man in black laughed out loud and said, "I want to see how long he can wait here!"

The Crystal-creation Race was not a good thing!

Chen Xiang suddenly stood up, although the black clothed man’s words were somewhat okay, but if it was true, then it would be difficult for him to escape at that time.

The jade talisman in the black clothed man’s hand suddenly trembled. After he investigated the contents inside, he frowned: "Golden Fire Arrogant Lord said that he is a little busy right now and will temporarily let you go, but he also said that he will be very happy if you are eaten by him."

"Hurry up!" Chu Jinfeng shouted to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang nodded his head. Just as he was about to leave, he felt the earth trembling.

"The delicious Underworld Humans are here, they are very free, haha ..." The black clothed man and the other Crystal-creation Race were extremely happy.

Two pillars of mud suddenly sprayed out from the trembling ground, and two Underworld Humans s appeared.

One of the Underworld Humans s was tall and the other was short. One was tall and the other was short.

When they saw Chen Xiang, they swallowed their saliva, as if they had seen a delicacy!

"Friends of the Underworld Humans, this is a small gift I’m giving to you all. However, before you can start eating again, arrest him first. I’ll get what he has before you begin eating. " The man in black chuckled.

Chen Xiang was enraged in his heart. If he could, he would definitely kill this man in black!

"As long as you’re alive, isn’t it? If we catch him, we can eat our hands and feet first! " The short and fat Underworld Humans laughed sinisterly.

"You can also eat your ears and eyes first." The tall and skinny Underworld Humans licked his lips.

"After so many years, your tastes are still the same as before!" The black clothed man laughed.

Chen Xiang summoned his Six Realms mirrors, he had exchanged blows with the Underworld Humans before.

The two Underworld Humans in front of him had not cultivated any World Defying Stage Divine Source s, and only had an extremely violent divine origin energy. In his eyes, it wasn’t too strong.

"Do you want to come in now?" The black clothed man said to Chen Xiang: "If you agree, I can make them stop!"

Crystal-creation Race and Underworld Humans are in cahoots! Chen Xiang and Chu Jinfeng could both see that the Underworld Humans only listened to the words of the Crystal-creation Race. From this, they could see that the people who massacred the Most Ancient Era were all instigated by the Crystal-creation Race!

"Pfft!" Chen Xiang spat at the black clothed man, "Even if I die, I will not give the Chuangyuan key s to people like you who are inferior to beasts. Dream on!"

"Ah Qian, Ah Fatty, he just scolded me, please help me teach him a lesson." The black clothed man’s face was cold.

The two Underworld Humans s nodded, retracted the smile on their faces, and flanked Chen Xiang from both sides. They did not use weapons, and instead directly attacked Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang who was about to retaliate suddenly made a decision ...

After the Underworld Humans’s attack came over, Chen Xiang immediately dodged, but he was a bit too slow.

Following that, the short and fat Underworld Humans also flew over, falling from the sky, and fiercely stomped on Chen Xiang’s abdomen!

"Haha ..." Just like this, he was delighted! This guy’s reputation is so huge, and he isn’t that strong either? Isn’t it just a little more incredible when it comes to pill forging? Continue to mess with him! " The black clothed man was extremely excited as he laughed.

When the Underworld Humans realized that they had succeeded the moment they attacked, they were secretly delighted and continued to attack Chen Xiang fiercely.

After a while, Chen Xiang’s face was covered with learning, he was lying on the ground gasping for breath.

The fat man tugged at his hair and bellowed: "You scolded Young Master Huang, he is the youngest son of the Crystal-creation Race Emperor, how can he be scolded so easily when he is deeply doted on by the Crystal-creation Race Emperor? You must know your wrongs now! "

Seeing that Chen Xiang was so heavily injured, Chu Jinfeng could not bear to watch with his eyes closed. Now that he was being held onto, he was completely unable to do anything.

Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, no wonder this black clothed man was actually the son of the Crystal-creation Race’s Emperor, no wonder his authority was so great!

The black clothed man gently waved his hand and opened the barrier, bringing the three white clothed men out and arrogantly arriving in front of Chen Xiang.

"You have already fallen into my hands!" The black clothed man laughed.