Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was beaten until his head was bleeding, his chest was stepped on ruthlessly by the tall and skinny Underworld Humans, and he was unable to move.

"Young Master Huang, can we start eating now? "This guy is a bit weak, but his flesh and blood contain a lot of energy." He was already impatient.

"Just wait a little longer. If he doesn’t behave himself, you can only take advantage of him." The man in black looked at Chen Xiang coldly and laughed sinisterly: "Hand over the Chuangyuan key and the World Defying Dan grain. Otherwise, you’ll see your limbs being eaten by them one bite at a time."

"Why do so many people want Chuangyuan key? Could it be that you want to save First Beast-creation Ancestor? " Chen Xiang sneered as he laid on the ground.

"The First Beast-creation Ancestor being sealed indeed requires a Chuangyuan key to break the seal, but we did not do it to save him. The black clothed man said: "As long as we obtain the Chuangyuan key, we can open the gate to the Initial God-creation Realm, that’s the place we want to go to the most!"

The Initial God-creation Realm had this kind of powerful fellow, it was extremely possible that he was hiding something inside the Initial God-creation Realm!

"After you hand over the Chuangyuan key, I can let you go. In the future, you can be free and unfettered in the Medicine-creation Divine Continent." The man in black took out a knife. "If you don’t agree, I will cut your hand off and feed it to them."

"If I don’t agree, what can you do to me?" Chen Xiang laughed, his body shook, and a wave of terrifying fiendish aura burst out, shocking the black-clothed man.

"Quick... "Hurry and cripple him." The man in black hurriedly shouted.

Just as he finished speaking, a large pool of blood suddenly poured down, and drenched his entire body, he turned around and saw two Chen Xiang standing there, holding onto a blood dripping long blade!

The three white-robed followers of the man in black who had cultivated Divine Origin Qi were all killed. The falling blood was theirs!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Chen Xiang’s body exploded into a violent wave of flames, blasting away the two Underworld Humans s. This was his true strength!

Earlier, he pretended to be no match for the two Underworld Humans s just to lure the black clothed man out!

"You ... You intentionally injured yourself! " He had already investigated Chen Xiang before and knew that Chen Xiang was not weak. However, when he saw that he was being mistreated by the two Underworld Humans s, he felt that Chen Xiang’s strength was only so-so.

He never thought that Chen Xiang would have two more terrifying clones that could instantly kill his three extremely strong followers.

Chen Xiang’s arm suddenly burned with flames, expanding out, waves after waves of Evil Qi followed by the burst of flames out, it was very terrifying.

"Idiot. In order to kill you, I have no choice but to kill those two bastards." Chen Xiang punched out, penetrating the black clothed man’s body. His two clones were currently dealing with the two Underworld Humans s.

After the black-clothed man’s body was pierced through, he was filled with fear. At this moment, he was very close to death!

"Only death awaits those who try to rob me!" Chen Xiang withdrew his fist, grabbed the black clothed man’s neck and lifted him up. Then, he threw him onto the ground and stepped on his face.

"Do you still want my Chuangyuan key and World Defying Dan grain?" Chen Xiang strongly stepped on the black clothed man’s face, making him unable to say anything.

Very quickly, those two Underworld Humans s had been taken care of by the two clones. Chen Xiang grabbed the black-clothed man’s hair, and let him look at the two Underworld Humans s’ shattered bodies.

"Do you really think I’m a vegetarian? Arrogant fellow, you don’t even have the strength of the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord to be so arrogant in front of me? " Chen Xiang’s palm struck the black clothed man’s body and poured into his body an evil flame, burning him to the point of him screaming in pain.

"Our Crystal-creation Race will not let you off!" The black-clothed man howled in agony.

"Someone’s coming!" Chu Jinfeng who was inside the enchantment shouted. He was also surprised at Chen Xiang’s strength.

"Brother Chu, you leave first!" Chen Xiang said: "Don’t worry about me!"

Chen Xiang was also unable to enter the barrier, he wanted to see who it was.

The one who came was a middle-aged man dressed in grey. When he saw the black clothed man being abused by Chen Xiang to such a state, his face was filled with anger and shock.

"Second Uncle, quickly save me!" Just as the black-clothed man finished speaking, he was slapped to death by Chen Xiang’s palm, which was condensed out of intense flames, turning him into a pile of black ash.

"You ... "Who are you?" At this moment, he actually did not dare to walk out of the barrier. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"I am Chen Xiang, you are from the Crystal-creation Race right? This guy tried to snatch my Chuangyuan key s, but I’ve already killed him! " Chen Xiang acted like nothing had happened, her tone was flat and there was a smile on her face: "I thought you were his father, but I didn’t think that if it were just his second uncle, would you want to die with him?"

"It’s you!" This Second Uncle seemed to be very clear about Chen Xiang’s situation, he anxiously took out a jade talisman, and was probably trying to pass on a message.

Chen Xiang did not know who this Second Uncle was calling for, and was most likely for help. After waiting a while, he suddenly felt a very familiar aura.

"Golden Fire Arrogant Lord!" Chen Xiang looked at the sky in the distance, only to see a golden light shining and a threatening aura emitting from it, enveloping the entire sky with golden fire.

Chen Xiang immediately cast the Sky Breaking Incantation, and continuously flew through the air, distancing himself from the Medicine-creation Divine Continent.

"I can see the light of the Golden Fire even here!" The black clothed man he had killed before, had said that he could contact the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord. At that time, he didn’t believe it.

"Crystal-creation Race is actually connected to Golden Fire Arrogant Lord ... Crystal-creation Race also wants to see the Chuangyuan key enter the Initial God-creation Realm. " Chen Xiang was suspicious.

He waited for a long time, but he still did not see the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord saying that he had released a fire bird to search for him.

"I’m not strong enough yet." Chen Xiang closed his eyes and released his three illusions, heading towards the altar that sealed the First Beast-creation Ancestor.

A few days later, the illusion finally arrived at the altar!

When he saw the scene of the altar through the phantom, he was immediately shocked! At this point of time, the one who was biting off the flesh and blood of First Beast-creation Ancestor was not the Evil beast, but a human!

"It’s the beast form of the Beast-creation Race!" Chen Xiang was sure, because he could clearly feel the aura from the illusions.

Since the beasts in the form of the Beast-creation Race could come to this place, it was most likely the doing of the Crystal-creation Race or the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord.

Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to the First Beast-creation Ancestor through his illusion.

"Senior, what’s going on? Don’t they all belong to the Beast-creation Race? "How can they treat you like this?"

"Chen Xiang? Great... Right, is Beast-creation Race Emperor with you? " First Beast-creation Ancestor asked anxiously: "How is she?"

"Are you talking about Long Yue? She brought me to hell, and I’m still in hell. I’m the only one who came back. " Chen Xiang said.

First Beast-creation Ancestor heaved a sigh of relief. He saw that Chen Xiang had already found out about his daughter’s name, and their relationship had become a lot more harmonious.

"The Beast-creation Race has changed ... Sigh, even if that girl returns, she won’t be able to suppress the entire Beast-creation Race. Right now, there is someone else leading the Beast-creation Race. " The First Beast-creation Ancestor sighed. This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!