Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It was just as Chen Xiang had guessed.

"Crystal-creation Race or Golden Fire Arrogant Lord?" Chen Xiang asked.

"You just came back, and already you’re investigating a lot of things!" First Beast-creation Ancestor laughed bitterly: "It was them that joined hands to control Beast-creation Race!"

"The Crystal-creation Race controls the Medicine-creation Divine Continent now! Medicine-creation Divine Continent was able to make Beast-creation Race stronger, so he has already controlled the altar that is sealing you. He let Beast-creation Race eat your flesh and blood, probably because he wants Beast-creation Race to become stronger. " Chen Xiang had already thought of something.

The Crystal-creation Race and the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord had joined hands. They wanted to make the Beast-creation Race stronger and become their tool! Other than the Beast-creation Race, there was also an enormous clan of the Underworld Humans, and it was an extremely terrifying force.

"Golden Fire Arrogant Lord and Crystal-creation Race must be planning something in secret." First Beast-creation Ancestor said, "But now, no one can stop them ... It’s a good thing that the Chuangyuan key are in your hands. This is the key to determining their success or failure, so you definitely cannot be caught by them. "

"I’ll be careful." Chen Xiang said.

"Today, Most Ancient Era has both appeared, so Most Ancient Era has to bear an even stronger pressure. If Golden Fire Arrogant Lord still dares to act recklessly, it will cause chaos in Most Ancient Era, and might even cause it to collapse." The First Beast-creation Ancestor said, "So he must have restrained himself quite a bit."

"No wonder I can’t even see to search for my Golden Fire Bird." Chen Xiang said.

"You went with Xiao Yue, how was her life in hell?" First Beast-creation Ancestor asked, he was very concerned about his daughter.

"She is very safe in the Infernal Realm. She had also stayed in the Infernal Realm for a period of time, so she is very familiar with the Infernal Realm. At this moment, she is with a woman called Smoke Charming." Chen Xiang said.

"Smoke Charming?" It could be seen that he recognized Smoke Charming as well.

"You know her? Long Yue said that she’s her mother’s younger sister! " Chen Xiang asked, he had always been curious about the identity of the Smoke Charming, she was also his wife’s younger sister.

"Looks like you and Long Yue get along quite well, or else she wouldn’t have told you these things." First Beast-creation Ancestor smiled slightly: "You’re not bad!"

"Is Smoke Charming reliable?" Chen Xiang asked.

"She treats Xiao Yue well, there’s no need to worry." First Beast-creation Ancestor sighed, "He can be considered Xiao Yue’s only kin!"

"That’s good." Chen Xiang nodded.

"What is the background of the Smoke Charming? Long Yue said he came from the Initial God-creation Realm! " Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, I’m not too sure either." First Beast-creation Ancestor said in a perfunctory manner, which made Chen Xiang very unhappy.

"How strong can these Beast-creation Race become when they eat your flesh?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No matter how strong I become, I won’t be your opponent, because I myself am not that strong." First Beast-creation Ancestor said, "Alright, hurry up and leave. Golden Fire Arrogant Lord is coming."

Chen Xiang immediately withdrew his illusion body, which was discovered by the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord last time.

"Medicine-creation Divine Continent can’t go, that place is already under Crystal-creation Race’s control!" Chen Xiang did not plan to return to the Medicine God Mountain Villa, if he brought the both of them there, it would be troublesome.

Chen Xiang turned into the wind and flew in the air. He suddenly felt a strange aura fluctuation from below, and then he saw the ground flicker with a golden light, it was actually a type of sealing power.

"What is it?" He immediately channeled the Sky Breaking Incantation to dodge it.

"You’re being followed!" Xiao Xianglin said.

Chen Xiang thought that he had hidden himself very well, he wouldn’t be traced that easily!

"Who is following me?" Chen Xiang cast the Sky Breaking Incantation once again, shattering the air nonstop, allowing him to quickly escape. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"It’s extremely possible that it’s the Crystal-creation Race!" Xiao Xianglin said, "Furthermore, the fellow who has come is not weak. You must be careful."

Chen Xiang continued to turn into a gust of wind and fly towards the crevice that led to hell.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...! While he was flying, the ground suddenly collapsed and golden beams of light shot up into the sky. After being struck by the golden beams of light, his entire body felt scorching pain.

"Sky Breaking Incantation has failed!" Chen Xiang was panic-stricken, and his entire body was surrounded by golden light: "Could it be the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord?"

"Chen Xiang, you have nowhere to run!" This wasn’t the voice of the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord, which made Chen Xiang feel a lot more at ease.

His body was burning and his movements were slow.

"It’s the Crystal-creation Race!" Chen Xiang could sense the same aura as the black clothed man. He released the Six Realms mirrors, activated the killing array inside the Six Realms mirrors, and released waves after waves of berserk energy, scattering the golden light that shot up from the ground.

After the golden light was shattered, he immediately used the Sky Breaking Incantation to escape through shattered space. He then entered the Six Realms mirrors and activated its killing array to continuously release energy, scattering all the golden light that shot up from the ground at the same time. At the same time, he flew towards the road to hell.

"I can only return to hell!" Chen Xiang controlled his Six Realms mirrors to fly quickly, and the person who came to arrest him just now had World Defying Stage Divine Source, his strength was comparable to the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord, he was not his opponent.

He did not expect Chen Xiang to be so slippery, and just as he was about to grab hold of him, he was actually broken free. Even though he could sense Chen Xiang, his golden light was already useless, unable to trap himself within Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors.

The Six Realms mirrors was flying at high speeds and its speed had already been pushed to the extreme. In only an hour, it arrived at the crevice of hell and burrowed in.

After arriving at the Infernal Realm, Chen Xiang was much more at ease. The other party could no longer attack him, and had also not given chase.

... ....

Floating above the crevice was an old man wearing crystal armour. He was the Crystal-creation Race Emperor. Beside him was an old man whose entire body was burning in gold flames. It was Golden Fire Arrogant Lord.

"Your youngest son is dead!" Golden Fire Arrogant Lord said: "My grandson was only crippled. This Chen Xiang’s abilities are truly not small."

"He went to the Infernal Realm. Is there any way to deal with him?" They all know the rules of hell.

"Not at the moment. With his current strength, he won’t be a match in hell." Golden Fire Arrogant Lord shook his head. "We must obtain the Chuangyuan key on his body."

"Now, I can only persuade Zuo Xingfeng, Yu Weizhou and the others to obtain the Chuangyuan key in Chen Xiang’s hands." The Crystal-creation Race Emperor said.

"It’s all your son’s fault. If Chen Xiang were to enter the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, he wouldn’t be able to escape at all! But your youngest son thinks that he can take care of Chen Xiang, block him outside, and let the Underworld Humans surround and surround him, making him wary of the Medicine-creation Divine Continent. The Golden Fire Arrogant Lord snorted coldly.

"This kid also lost his life because of his mistake." The Crystal-creation Race was slightly angry. He was his dead son, but the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord still blamed him.

"So what? He destroyed our plan." The Golden Fire Arrogant Lord said coldly: "We had already planned to lure Chen Xiang into the Medicine-creation Divine Continent!"

"Leave the matter of capturing Chen Xiang to me." The Crystal-creation Race Emperor replied, "I will definitely be able to catch him."