"Chen Xiang went to hell, what methods do you have to capture him? Although the Infernal Realm was filled with experts, the people who managed to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source were just there as decorations. "It’s a trap," the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord said angrily.

The reason why Medicine-creation Divine Continent set up such a strong barrier was because after Chen Xiang went in, he was unable to come out. Furthermore, the reason why he set up the barrier was because he had sent people to do it in secret. In order to catch Chen Xiang, he had painstakingly set up this trap, but it had all been ruined.

"He’ll come up. I can sense him as soon as he comes up." After saying that, the Crystal-creation Race Emperor left. He did not want to continue quarreling with the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord.

... ....

Chen Xiang headed to Dan Devil City and went to the Huang Tian Tower. He passed by the Smoke Charming Restaurant too, but Smoke Charming was not inside.

"How is Most Ancient Era?" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil saw that Chen Xiang had returned and immediately asked.

"It became very messy, I almost couldn’t come back." Chen Xiang shook his head and sighed. Then, he simply told Yellow Heaven Dan Devil what had happened.

"There are rumors saying that Tao-creation Divine Lord came to the Infernal Realm before and wanted to transfer the mysterious power of hell onto the Most Ancient Era. This way, it would prevent people who cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source from acting recklessly and it was said that the Tao-creation Divine Lord wanted to restrict people who possess Divine Origin Qi as well." The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said.

"Is there really a Hell Divine Lord in the Infernal Realm?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know. These are all legends." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil shook his head. "I’ve been in the Infernal Realm for so long, but I’ve never seen Hell Divine Lord before!"

"If there was a Hell Divine Lord, maybe he would know!" Chen Xiang thought, he had forgotten to ask the First Beast-creation Ancestor, if he were to go now, he would definitely meet him.

"If you really want to find a legend regarding the Hell Divine Lord, you can go to the city of hell to take a look. It’s an abandoned ancient city, and I heard that it’s extremely dangerous inside, and those who go in would most likely die, and the legends about the Hell Divine Lord are all told by people who can or cannot go in." The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said.

"You’re leaving like this?" Chen Xiang asked.

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil felt that Chen Xiang was strong enough, he would definitely be able to enter the City of Hell without a problem, so he told Chen Xiang the route to the City of Hell.

"After I finish cultivating the World Defying Stage Divine Source, I won’t be able to enter the City of Hell. Otherwise, I would be able to explore it." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil laughed.

"I’m leaving now." Chen Xiang said: "If my friend comes back, you can make her wait for me here."

"Alright, everything is going well!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chen Xiang left the Dan Devil City and began his journey towards the City of Hell.

The City of Hell was situated beside a golden river. It was an extremely large city surrounded by tall, blood-red walls. It was said that the city was devoid of people, but countless treasures were hidden inside.

After running for more than ten days, Chen Xiang finally saw the Golden Blood River. It was an extremely huge river that meandered across hell, slowly flowing with a golden river.

The river water was extremely viscous and was filled with a bloody smell. It looked like thick golden blood was flowing, so the people of hell would turn it into a golden river of blood.

Chen Xiang followed in a certain direction of the Golden Blood River for three days before he finally saw the red city walls.

"The City of Hell!" After Chen Xiang saw this from afar, he increased his speed and rushed over, "There shouldn’t be any evil villains around here right?"

Chen Xiang released his spirit body to investigate, but not long after he released it, he felt that it was extremely unstable, so he immediately retracted it.

"The illusion is very unstable in hell." Chen Xiang had no choice but to arrive outside the city first.

The city gate was golden, and it was shining with a golden light. Although Chen Xiang did not go in, he could feel the strong power of the barrier.

"I’ll let my clone take a look!" Chen Xiang released a clone and entered the gigantic golden city gate.

The moment the clone entered the city gate, he fell to the ground and lost contact with the clone.

"What a strong isolating force." Chen Xiang had no choice but to retrieve his clone.

"There are powerful barriers everywhere!" Xiao Xianglin said, "In the Infernal Realm, the only thing restricting those who possess the World Defying Stage Divine Source is the effect of an extremely strong barrier. It can be seen that the person who laid out this barrier is extremely powerful.

"We can only find clues in here. I wonder how we will be able to find the Hell Divine Lord?" After Chen Xiang entered the city, he saw an empty street. All the shops on both sides of the street had their doors wide open.

The highest building here was only nine storeys, and they were all very neat.

As soon as he entered the city gates, he saw an empty and quiet street with a chilly wind blowing. The sound of the wind blowing was very strange.

Chen Xiang walked toward the most spacious street, and after stepping onto it, he took a glance at the shop that had its doors wide open, and couldn’t help but feel a chill in his body.

"Skeletal Man!" Chen Xiang was shocked, then looked at the other shops, where there were Skeletal Man s.

When Skeletal Man saw Chen Xiang, he waved at him and even opened his mouth to speak.

"I have everything in my shop, come and take a look." Skeletal Man shouted, his voice was very polite.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath and walked over.

"What is it?" Chen Xiang went over to take a look and discovered that the shelves were all empty. There was nothing there.

"If you really need it, I can definitely get it for you ... I was worried that you wouldn’t be able to afford it! " The Skeletal Man laughed.

Chen Xiang looked at Skeletal Man’s dark eye sockets and felt like he was obedient.

"Tell me, what do you want to buy? "Then we’ll talk about the price later!" The Skeletal Man said.

"I want to buy a pill that can help me cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source, do you have it?" Chen Xiang said casually.

"Of course, but the price is very expensive!" The Skeletal Man said.

"How expensive is it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"A hundred thousand years of freedom! I will sell you the pills that can cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source, and you will take over my job for a hundred thousand years. " The Skeletal Man said.

"Can I also become a Skeletal Man?" Chen Xiang laughed, he finally understood the way things were bought and sold here.

"I was normal before, but I’ve been here for too long. My flesh and blood are all gone, and only my bones are left. I can’t die until I reach the agreed time." Skeletal Man sighed helplessly.

"How long have you been here?" Chen Xiang looked at the Skeletal Man at the entrance of the other shops, and was secretly shocked, all the Skeletal Man here were enslaved by some kind of powerful force.

"I don’t remember! As long as we can find a buyer, we can get away with it. " Skeletal Man said, "Buy something!"

"Forget it, I can’t afford 100,000 years of freedom." Chen Xiang shook his head.

"You can buy something cheap that’s worth ten thousand years ... A thousand years, a hundred years. " The Skeletal Man said.

"There are other ways to trade it besides selling it?" Chen Xiang asked again, he really wanted to buy something.

"Yes, there is. It’s a bit special." The Skeletal Man said.