Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 39:Respect FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Edited by:CloudGoat

Chen Xiang and the Southern Martial Empire’s Dan King were going to compete in alchemy, tens of alchemists were surprised so much that their jaws were touching the ground, Chen Luzhong knew Chen Xiang’s talent was very high regarding alchemy, but to challenge a Dan King, he was still too tender.

However the reward offered by Chen Xiang was too enticing, in the mortal world the spirit Qi was relatively thin, resulting in spirit herbs to be very rare, so alchemists in the mortal world cannot resist the temptation of such a rare and precious spirit herb.

Meng Bo looked upward and burst into laughter:"Ha-ha-ha......such being the case, this old-man will accompany you, if I lose, I’ll give you my Profound yang alchemic furnace!"

Profound yang alchemic furnace!That is but one famous furnace, it is said to be made up of precious Profound yang stone, it was said there was a mystical force inside the furnace, which is also the reason for Meng Bo to have such great achievements in alchemy.

These alchemists’gazes were full of envy as Meng Bo took out a fiery red alchemic furnace, this alchemic furnace was small and exquisite, seemingly like a carved out red gem, there were many fine patterns on the outside, and one could tell it was by no means refined out by someone from mortal world.

"If we are competing in dan rank, then I will absolutely lose, to be fair, the most I can refine is a high-grade pill, Aura Qi Dan!"

This was the only way he had any chance of winning, at present he was only able to refine high-grade pills.

Aura Qi Dan provided a great help to 6th level of mortal martial realm practitioner, as 7th level of mortal martial realm was’True aura realm’, and at this state one is able to transform’True Qi’into’Aura’.After taking Aura Qi Dan, it helps 6th level of mortal martial realm martial artists in familiarizing with Aura Qi, 7th realm of mortal martial realm martial artists took in energy to strengthen their True Qi, making it much quicker and easier to transform True Qi into aura, and also strengthen it quickly.

"No problem, begin now?"Meng Bo readily agreed down, in his eyes, regardless of how high Chen Xiang’s alchemic talent was, after all he is only a little devil.It was absolutely impossible for him to win, if his refined pill quality was not good as Chen Xiang, then he will also sincerely convinced about his defeat.

"Start now, each one is responsible for their own herbs, if you do not have it, then I will wait for you to get some so that you will not fall behind."Chen Xiang said, for more than one month, he had been constantly learning to refine other pills, he had also refined the Aura Qi Dan several times, apart from that after some failures in the beginning, he understood the essentials like the back of his hand, and has yet to fail again.

"Of course I have the herbs, so let’s begin!There are so many alchemists to judge, I think the final result certainly would be very notary!"Meng Bo said, at present he is unexpectedly excited, he had been very jealous of Chen Xiang for owning the Metal spirit fruit, because he owed the Yao family a favour, so he agreed to come here and break the event.

To Meng Bo’s surprise, Chen Xiang was one young aggressive brat, he even proposed a competition with such a large disparity in their strength, and he certainly is not going to miss this opportunity.

Chen Luzhong and the other alchemists were also very thrilled, because they can personally see how the famous Dan King refine pill, which is but one rare opportunity!

Most pill refining methods were similar, but the process of dealing herbs were nothing but different, moreover some herbs nature were very special, when dealing with these kinds of herbs, one has to be very cautious, otherwise it would be a failure, and worst case scenario the furnace would explode.Moreover herbs would be lost, for low-grade pills it was okay, but failure during high-grade pills, many alchemists were distressed about it for long-time.

At this point Chen Xiang and Meng Bo simultaneously poured flames into their respective alchemic furnace, producing fire Qi inside the furnace, while simultaneously controlling the inside temperature, only then placed the herbs inside.

Herbs required for the Aura Qi Dan, although somewhat expensive, but it was still profitable to sell in the market.The primary herbs were’Yuan spirit mud’, ’Earth aura grass-root’, ’Profound spirit ginseng’, ’Hellfire grass’, then there were some auxiliary herbs, mainly more than fifty year old Ginseng, Spirit grass, Shouwu, Earth spirit grass and other common spirit herbs.

This Aura Qi Dan difficulty lied in processing the Yuan spirit mud and Earth aura grass-root, Yuan spirit mud was a sludge containing spirit Qi, and only found in special places, this mud was also capable of self-absorbing the spirit Qi, and afterwards refining the spirit Qi, this spirit Qi was relatively similar to near immortal type aura.It was also quite difficult to bake the Yuan spirit mud into herbal powder and herbal Qi, as the magnitude of required flames was extremely high.

Earth aura grass-root is a type of spirit herb grown inside Yuan spirit mud, and the grass-roots were present deep inside the Yuan spirit mud, after breeding, it produces’Earth aura’, as this grass-root was very easily burned to nothing, and that peculiar aura Qi was also very easy to evaporate, thus it was necessary to use divine sense to control the flames and protect them simultaneously.

Chen Xiang in the beginning failed many times because of these two difficulties, but afterwards as he grasped the subtle essentials, he was able to easily refine’Aura Qi Dan’, at this point Chen Xiang’s face was quite relaxed while baking the herbs into herbal powder and herbal spirit Qi, only by thorough refining, can it actually drive out all the impurities, otherwise it would affect the pill quality, for this requirement Chen Xiang was very strict on himself, so the pills he refines all turned out to be of superior quality.

Every-time there were subtle changes in the temperature all around, Chen Luzhong and those alchemist were able to sense it, from time to time black Qi also emerged from the alchemic furnace as the herbs impurities were released, making everyone all feel speechless with admiration, and even Meng Bo was sweating, and his eyebrows were knitted together.

In contrast Chen Xiang had a somewhat relaxed look.

Obviously, Meng Bo had not refined the Aura Qi Dan for quite some time, as long as one was out of practice for some time, they would forget the feeling of subtle type of fire control, and will be difficult to grasp the degree of heat required for each spirit herb.

Suddenly, that ruby like alchemic furnace of Meng Bo’s slightly shook, five or six different colour spirit Qi were rising from it!Meng Bo even made a mistake, one Dan King actually failed during the refining of mortal level middle-grade pill, all alchemists present felt very disappointed, and some even secretly despised this Dan King.

"GrandUncle, give him a set of Aura Qi Dan herbs, he will refine anew, he still has time to catch-up!"Chen Xiang opened his eyes and lightly said.

Meng Bo was suddenly stunned, suddenly a hint of shame flashed through his eyes, only to see Chen Xiang smilingly said:"During alchemy because herbs were insufficient, resulting in failure to analyze the deviations!This competition has to be fair as you lacked preparation."

Meng Bo slightly nodded his head, he knew Chen Xiang was slightly stepping down for him, after all he is a famous alchemist, this error may very well result in tarnishing his reputation and he may even not be able to show his face in public, so he was secretly grateful in his heart.

At this point he understood Chen Xiang was not supercilious like the rumours had depicted, whether it was people skills, or subtlety, he was far better than Yao Tianhua whom he guided several times.

Chen Luzhong soon brought the herbs, Meng Bo started refining again, but this time he had calmed down, and no longer underestimate Chen Xiang, he actually treated Chen Xiang as an opponent of similar skills!

A little time passed, though it had been very quiet, Chen Luzhong and the alchemists present knew that within these two alchemic furnace, very complicated process were undergoing.

Half an hour passed, finally it was time to condensate the pill, Chen Xiang was leading, only to see Chen Xiang come up with some sort of green liquid, and dripped it into one of alchemic furnace openings, this liquid was the Dragon saliva diluted with water, if added during the time of condensing pills, it helps in improving the quality of the pill, Su Meiyao was the one who told him.

Chen Xiang opened his eyes, and slightly implored some Qi, and at this time Meng Bo wiped his forehead, he was also done.