Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was secretly happy, he felt that as long as he did not sell himself, the other methods of exchange would be acceptable. n →,

"If you buy pills that can cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source, I will also take one other thing." Skeletal Man replied, "But I don’t think you will necessarily give it to me."

"Tell me, how could I not give it to you? As long as it’s not selling, it shouldn’t be a problem. " Chen Xiang laughed.

"Your beautiful memories!" Skeletal Man’s words made Chen Xiang’s smile freeze, "Give me all of your beautiful memories, and you will lose them!"

"Good memories?" As long as Chen Xiang thought of the times that he was once happy, his heart would always be filled with joy.

If he lost these memories, he would be terrified just by thinking about them.

"No, the memories I don’t want are very important to me." Chen Xiang immediately shook her head: "If I give you my beautiful memories, I will become a heartless person, I will not agree."

"I already said that this method of trading is a bit special." Skeletal Man sighed.

"Is there a more normal way?" I’m already here. I really want to buy something. " Chen Xiang waved his hand and said, "It’s best not to do it in the same way as before."

"There’s another way to trade it, but if you can’t buy anything too good, that’s fine. You can tell me about you. What else do you need?" The Skeletal Man said.

Chen Xiang urgently needed to cultivate and produce World Defying Stage Divine Source, if he could obtain it here, he would not need to concoct pills, even if he wanted to concoct pills, he did not know if he would be able to produce World Defying Stage Divine Source.

"Let me think!" Chen Xiang pondered for a moment, then said: "Can the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals do?"

"No, I don’t have any." The Skeletal Man shook his head.

"Then what can I buy?" Chen Xiang still did not know what that trade method was.

"I can only buy some stones." Skeletal Man took out the stones and gave them to Chen Xiang.

Although Chen Xiang did not refine anything, the stones in front of him were just too inferior, and could be seen with a single glance.

"Chen Xiang, ask him about the matters concerning the Hell Divine Lord and buy this information." Xiao Xianglin said.

Chen Xiang didn’t expect to buy this before, but when he saw this Skeletal Man, he almost forgot why he came to the City of Hell.

"Do you know anything about the Hell Divine Lord? I want to see him. You told me about him. " Chen Xiang said.

Skeletal Man thought about it and said, "Sure, but you need to give me enough blood. I need to reproduce my flesh and blood."

"Just blood?" Chen Xiang felt that there was no problem with this.

"As long as you have enough blood, I will definitely satisfy you. I am very clear about the Hell Divine Lord’s situation." The Skeletal Man said.

"What if you go back on your word?" Chen Xiang was a little worried: "After I pass the blood to you, even if you don’t tell me, I don’t seem to be able to do anything about you. Why don’t you tell me about the Hell Divine Lord first."

"Don’t worry, we won’t dare to act shamelessly. If we do anything dishonest, we will be punished." The Skeletal Man said.

Chen Xiang was still worried. What the hell was this place?

Seeing that Chen Xiang did not believe him, the Skeletal Man said, "Alright, I will tell you about the matters concerning the Hell Divine Lord first. If you act shamelessly, I will only be deceived, I do not seem to have suffered any losses." Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Skeletal Man only told Chen Xiang what he knew, there was indeed no need to pay any price.

"This city is called the City of Hell, but the Hell Divine Lord is not here." The Skeletal Man said.

"I heard that there are a lot of people who can’t go back to the city. Have they all died here? " Chen Xiang asked.

"There aren’t any dangers in this city. There are several reasons why we can’t go back. First, make a deal with us and sell our freedom for many years. "Second, after selling the memories, he changed into a completely different person. After messing around, he was killed. Third, he took the treasures in here and got punished."

"Are there a lot of treasures inside?" Chen Xiang took a deep breath. If he did not know, he would have taken it when he saw it.

"There are a lot of them, so you must not take them. As long as you are not a greedy person, nothing will happen to you." The Skeletal Man said, "When I first entered this city, it was precisely because I took things at random that I have been punished until now."

Chen Xiang was secretly surprised, there was definitely a very strong power circulating in this city, it was most likely due to the quantity of array magic power.

"Then where is Hell Divine Lord? Is it easy to see him? " Chen Xiang asked.

"He has been sleeping all year round. Even if you see him, you might not be able to wake him up." Skeletal Man said: "At the source of the Golden Blood River, there is an evil mountain. Hell Divine Lord is inside, and on the road there will be many dangers, it’s not that easy to reach."

"Hell Divine Lord seems to be very powerful. In the Infernal Realm, is the reason why there is a restriction barrier around the World Defying Stage Divine Source?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, those who can cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source are all very powerful. This will severely damage the balance of hell." Skeletal Man said, "Can you give me the blood transfusion now?!"

Chen Xiang was a man of integrity, he immediately transferred his own blood to Skeletal Man. If not for Skeletal Man informing him, he did not know when he would have been able to find Hell Divine Lord.

"Do you seem to know a lot of things?" Chen Xiang laughed: "How much do you know about Most Ancient Era?"

"I am the person from the early days of Most Ancient Era ... I still understand Most Ancient Era quite a bit. " The Skeletal Man said, "Within the Most Ancient Era, there are nine of the strongest races. The diversity within the Most Ancient Era was created by them, so these nine Creation Race s are extremely powerful."

"And other than them, the other powerful Creation Race s have been suppressed by the Nine Creation Race."

Chen Xiang was secretly suspicious. Other than Nine Creation Race, there were also Beast-creation Race s and Crystal-creation Race s. However, there seemed to be more than these two in Skeletal Man’s mouth.

Skeletal Man was currently absorbing Chen Xiang’s blood, and a bit of his flesh and blood had begun to grow.

"Other than Nine Creation Race, I know that Beast-creation Race and Crystal-creation Race are very strong. Why are they being suppressed?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s all the power of the incantation! The Tao-creation Divine Lord in the Nine Creation Race grasp a very strong power to cast incantations, so being able to suppress these two races ... Aside from that, there are also the Hell Clan and the Star-creation Race. They are a very fierce race, and the Star-creation Race is sealed in this hell. "

Chen Xiang thought of the Underworld Humans blankly. Those Underworld Humans s were most likely from the Underworld Clan! And the Star-creation Race might even be related to the Hell star!