Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang planned to take advantage of the blood transfusion to ask for more time.

"Then do you know about the Star-creation Race?" Chen Xiang guessed that the reason why Long Yue and the Smoke Charming went forward to investigate the secrets of the Hell star was most likely related to the Star-creation Race.

"Star-creation Race is also a very fierce race! They have very other powers. " Skeletal Man said, "No matter how strong you are, the power that they have, they will be able to deal with you!"

"What kind of power?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The power of the incantations. The reason why there are so many stars is all because of the power that you all created back then. Skeletal Man said, "But they can use the Star Formation!"

"Are they very cruel?" Chen Xiang was a little worried for Long Yue.

"Mm, that’s why it was sealed!" Skeletal Man said: "The other Creation Race s, if they weren’t especially fierce, nothing would have happened. Tao-creation Divine Lord is a very tolerant person."

When the Skeletal Man in front of him absorbed Chen Xiang’s blood, he was able to quickly grow flesh and blood.

"Our deal counts as a success, right?" Chen Xiang said: "I’m going to look for the Hell Divine Lord now."

"I’ve already reached an agreement. Your blood is truly powerful, able to allow me to maintain this state for many years." The middle-aged man smiled in satisfaction.

In this street, only he had flesh and blood. For someone like him who was so lonely, he was in a very good mood.

Chen Xiang did not continue to wander around the City of Hell. Skeletal Man had told him before that there were many treasures here, if he took them all out randomly, he would be easily killed by the mysterious power.

After Chen Xiang left the City of Hell, he looked at the Golden Blood River.

Following the opposite direction of the Golden Blood River, one would be able to reach the source of the Golden Blood River. As long as they went there, they would be able to see the Evil Hell Mountain.

"If we can find the Hell Divine Lord, we can learn the enchantment of hell from him. At that time, as long as we can arrange it in the Most Ancient Era, no one who can cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source will be able to mess around in the Most Ancient Era." Chen Xiang said.

"Those who can cultivate the Divine Origin Qi must be restricted!" In the previous group of Underworld Humans, the strongest was the ability to cultivate Divine Origin Qi. In the Most Ancient Era, many people were no match for him. " Xiao Xianglin said.

Chen Xiang was already flying in the opposite direction of the river, using profoundfeng Mantra to fly, his speed was very fast,

"I should be able to see the source soon." Chen Xiang thought.

In the blink of an eye, a month had passed, yet Chen Xiang still did not see the source.

"The Infernal Realm definitely isn’t limitless. There must be a source for it." Chen Xiang continued to fly. He had already flown for so long, he would not give up midway.

After a few more days, Chen Xiang did not come to the source, but he saw that there was someone here!

There were dozens of people wearing animal skins standing beside the Golden Blood River in front of them.

Chen Xiang was still quite a distance away from them, but he could feel the Evil Qi on their bodies.

"Is this group of people an evil spirit?" Chen Xiang was suspicious, he had not seen anyone along the way, but suddenly meeting ten or so Evil Realm people, it was very strange.

He planned to ignore this group of people as his goal was to find the Hell Divine Lord.

However, just as he flew above the group of people, he suddenly felt a very familiar aura.

"It’s the Crystal-creation Race!" Chen Xiang anxiously looked towards a direction, where the aura of the Crystal-creation Race could be sensed, and it was extremely strong, with a strong killing intent.

He really is someone from the Crystal-creation Race!

This caused Chen Xiang to be shocked, but just as he was about to run away, he realised that the dozens of people wearing beast skins on the ground had been fiercely attacked.

The Crystal-creation Race’s target was actually the group of people wearing beast skins below!

Chen Xiang thought that they were here to attack him.

"Just what is the background of this group of people?" to actually be able to chase from Crystal-creation Race all the way here! " Chen Xiang could not help but be shocked, "It seems that he is not an ordinary Evil Demon!"

There were more than twenty in Crystal-creation Race, all of them who had cultivated Divine Qi, they were all extremely powerful, and the dozens of people who were being chased all jumped into the Golden Blood River.

"Even if we jump into the river, we won’t be able to escape." An old man from the Crystal-creation Race sneered, he waved his sleeves and released a few balls of white light, and after entering the river, he blew up all the people who had just jumped out.

Then, these twenty odd Crystal-creation Race s rushed over and surrounded him.

"They were already injured, and could not resist the Crystal-creation Race at all." Chen Xiang had already went over quietly. He was extremely disgusted with Crystal-creation Race, as the Crystal-creation Race had already seized this good place of his.

Now that he had met an important expert of the Crystal-creation Race, he would definitely not give up on this opportunity.

"You fellows are really admirable for being able to run so far away." The leading old man laughed, "Alright, you are now surrounded by us and heavily injured. There is nowhere for you to retreat to. Cooperate well with us and hand the thing over."

"Even if we die, we will never give you such a precious thing." One of the elders laughed out loud, "If you have the guts, then kill us all."

"We’ve already enslaved your Infernal Realm, and you can still laugh?" The old man from the Crystal-creation Race sneered, "The blood rain from before was caused by the fact that your clan killed too many people in the Most Ancient Era."

"Humph!" The elderly from the Underworld Clan snorted coldly, "This is all done by your Crystal-creation Race! "Hurry up and attack, hurry up and kill us."

Chen Xiang was shocked, these dozens of people were actually from the Underworld! From the looks of it, he should be the most important person within the Underworld Clan, as he held onto important things. Otherwise, the Crystal-creation Race would not have chased him here.

"Master, I’ll need your help later." Chen Xiang said. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"No problem!" Xiao Xianglin was already prepared.

He had to face a lot of enemies this time, so even if Chen Xiang released two clones, it wouldn’t be that easy.

"Alright, I’ll start now!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he released two clones, activated the profoundfeng Mantra, and then released the legendary dragon fire, blowing towards the people of the Crystal-creation Race, before turning into a tornado.

"Master, release the pressure and suppress them." Chen Xiang shouted.

Xiao Xianglin had already exited the You Yao Mountain Villa. She combined her two clones and released an extremely strong pressure, enveloping everyone in the Crystal-creation Race.

After that, Chen Xiang released the Triple Slash Crimson Dragon, quickly fusing them together and rushing out like a violent thunderbolt. He also gathered all of the berserk pressure and profound wind energy in his body and rushed towards Crystal-creation Race.

After killing one of the Crystal-creation Race’s people, the Scarlet Dragon immediately exploded!

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!

As long as they were hit by the dragon head’s attack, all of the Crystal-creation Race’s people would be smashed into pieces and die.

Very quickly, all of the twenty odd Crystal-creation Race s had been killed, leaving only the leader behind, who knelt down due to the pressure released by Chen Xiang.