Chen Xiang appeared in front of the leader, stepped on his head and sneered: "Bastard from Crystal-creation Race, your luck is really bad!"

"Who are you? Since you know that we are from Crystal-creation Race, why did you still try to kill us? " The old man’s heart was filled with fear, because their elite group of people had all cultivated the Divine Origin Qi, and they were all from Crystal-creation Race. They were definitely not ordinary humans, yet they were all killed in an instant.

"I just killed a guy, he’s the young son of the Crystal-creation Race Emperor." Chen Xiang laughed: "I even dare to kill this kind of guy, do I have to be afraid of you trash?"

When the people of Hell Clan heard this, their whole body couldn’t help but tremble because the Crystal-creation Race Emperor was like a demon in their eyes, yet Chen Xiang actually killed off his most beloved son.

"You guys met me, consider it your bad luck!" I thoroughly hate your Crystal-creation Race. It wouldn’t be excessive to let the Infernal Realm run rampant above the Most Ancient Era and cause the death of countless people. I wouldn’t mind killing all of you a thousand times over. " Chen Xiang waved his hand, killing the Scarlet Dragon as it rushed into his arm, turning it into a dragon arm.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Chen Xiang struck out with his palm, turning the old man into a shower of sparks.

"You are from the Infernal Realm?" said in a cold voice. He did not have a good impression of the Infernal Realm, because they had caused a lot of casualties in the Most Ancient Era.

"That’s right, who exactly are you?" The old man from the Underworld Clan was also extremely shocked by Chen Xiang’s strength. In his eyes, only people who had cultivated World Defying Stage Divine Source would have such terrifying strength.

"It doesn’t matter who I am! And you are from Hell! Do you know how many evil deeds the Underworld have done in the Most Ancient Era? " Chen Xiang said coldly.

"Of course we know, but that has nothing to do with us! Even if we break the seal, we’ll only fall into hell! The Crystal-creation Race, on the other hand, has opened up another path, bringing many vicious fellows into the Most Ancient Era! " The old man said, "And all of us are unwilling to be enslaved by the Crystal-creation Race. Originally, we had more than a thousand people, but in the end, there was only this little bit that we could escape to here."

"The more than twenty Crystal-creation Race s are chasing after you. It seems like they want to obtain something from your hands. "Then what is it?" Chen Xiang was also very interested in this thing.

"Then kill us!" The old man said with a deadpan expression. The dozens of Hell clansmen had the same expression, as if they were looking down on life and death.

"I was just asking. I didn’t say I wanted it." Chen Xiang said: "Since the Most Ancient Era’s massacre has nothing to do with you, I will not make a move against you."

Chen Xiang could tell that these Infernals were different from the Underworld Humans he met. At least they didn’t have that kind of violent killing intent on them.

"We have an important mission. We need to bring that thing to a place." The old man also saw that Chen Xiang’s killing intent had faded, and his tone became much more gentle.

"I’m on my way to the Evil Hell Mountain. You’re from the Hell Clan, do you know about the matter of the Evil Hell Mountain?" Chen Xiang said.

His words caused the group of Hell clansmen to be shocked.

"We’re also going to the Evil Hell Mountain!" The old man asked, "Why are you going to the Evil Hell Mountain?"

"To find Hell Divine Lord, I only heard that he is there. He has been sleeping deeply all year long, so I was unable to wake him up." Chen Xiang said: "I have something to talk to him about."

"What’s the matter?" the old man asked hurriedly.

"In the Infernal Realm, there are restrictions on those who possess World Defying Stage Divine Source. I hope that I can grasp this type of restriction and allow the Most Ancient Era to have this kind of power as well. This way, the Crystal-creation Race won’t be able to commit crimes in the Most Ancient Era." Chen Xiang said.

"Hell Divine Lord is actually not in deep sleep, but sealed! The item to remove the seal is in my hands, we are also about to go to the Evil Hell Mountain and unseal the Hell Divine Lord. " The old man said.

"Then let’s go together!" Chen Xiang smiled: My name is Chen Xiang, I wonder what old senior’s name is?

"Just call me Old Tang." Old Tang smiled as well. They both let their guard down.

Chen Xiang took out a few Rebirth powder s to heal their injuries. After understanding that when they were sealed, they would often fight in that sealed space, and the Crystal-creation Race had continuously instigated the other Infernal races inside to resist them, resulting in them being weak in the end.

It was a good thing that they were able to preserve that thing and reach this place without a hitch!

"Why are the Crystal-creation Race and the rest removing the seal on the array disc?" Chen Xiang was a little curious. If the Crystal-creation Race didn’t want the Hell Divine Lord to wake up, he only wanted to kill these dozens of people.

"It is said that this array disc has other uses. It is said that it can lift the restrictions on the Initial God-creation Realm, and allow people to enter the Initial God-creation Realm more smoothly." Old Tang said, "I don’t know the specifics either. Back then, when Tao-creation Divine Lord gave it to me, I was to guard it well, if the Hell Clan loses control and breaks out of the seal, then I was to bring this formation plate to the Evil Hell Mountain and wake Hell Divine Lord up."

"So that’s how it is, seems like Hell Divine Lord was also sealed by Tao-creation Divine Lord?" Chen Xiang said.

"If he had not sealed the Hell Divine Lord, he would not be alive right now. He would definitely have been killed long ago." Old Tang sighed, "Hell Divine Lord’s cultivation isn’t high, but he’s extremely proficient in incantations."

Chen Xiang was already on his way with Old Tang and the rest, running along the river towards the Evil Hell Mountain.

"Old Tang, how much do you know about Star-creation Race?" Chen Xiang asked: "It seems like the only thing that’s missing is the Star-creation Race? "Is that so?" Chen Xiang thought about the big door he saw from Long Yue’s Hell star. If the Hell star was truly related to Star-creation Race, then he was even more worried.

He was worried that Long Yue would break the seal and release the ferocious Star-creation Race!

"Star-creation Race was also sealed in hell ... However, I heard that although the Star-creation Race is very savage, it is the best clan to exterminate. The most powerful aspect of the Star-creation Race is the power to control the incantations. Old Tang recalled.

Chen Xiang could only hope that nothing would happen to Long Yue. In other words, they could be considered acquaintances, not to mention that she was the daughter of the First Beast-creation Ancestor. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Old Tang, are you the emperor of the Infernal Realm?" Chen Xiang asked, then Old Tang held the array disc that he was about to use, his position must not be low.

"You can say that! He is also the most useless of all the Creation Race s, right? " Old Tang smiled wryly.

"Then do you know the First Beast-creation Ancestor?" Chen Xiang felt that they were definitely people of the same period.

"Yes, is he still alive? Back then Tao-creation Divine Lord had said that the only ancestor who could survive in the end was Hell Divine Lord. " Old Tang asked in surprise, he did not know about the First Beast-creation Ancestor.

"He’s still alive, and he can’t die even if he wanted to." Chen Xiang simply told Old Tang about the First Beast-creation Ancestor, which made him exclaim in shock.

"Old Tang, First Beast-creation Ancestor has a daughter who is now the emperor of the Beast-creation Race, you should know her as well! It should be around the same time as you. But she doesn’t seem to know as much as you do. " Chen Xiang said.

"Are you talking about Long Yue?" Old Tang was shocked and shouted, "She is Beast-creation Race Emperor?"