Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing Old Tang’s surprised expression, Chen Xiang knew that this fat middle-aged man was Hell Divine Lord.

"Mn, he is our Hell Divine Lord." Old Tang nodded.

The Hell Divine Lord was snoring, as though he was sleeping soundly. Just when Chen Xiang was surprised by what he saw, he suddenly turned his body and scratched his butt.

"Wake him up!" Chen Xiang said.

"Alright!" Old Tang walked over and whispered into Hell Divine Lord’s ear.

Xiao Xianglin also entered the You Yao Mountain Villa at this time.

Old Tang Qing shouted for a moment, but Hell Divine Lord did not wake up.

"Has he really been released?" Chen Xiang frowned: "Why haven’t you woken up yet!"

"Maybe he slept too deeply ... He used to have a problem like that. " Old Tang laughed awkwardly, then yelled beside Hell Divine Lord’s ear.

"God Lord, I’m Old Tang!"

After shouting, Hell Divine Lord was still snoring, so he didn’t hear Old Tang’s roar at all.

"Let me do it!" Chen Xiang took out the bell, and then, secretly channeling his Sound Soundwave Martial Spirit, he fiercely smashed it.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The bell was instantly shattered and the resulting sound shook the entire Evil Hell Mountain, causing the entire mountain to shake. Hell Divine Lord was also frightened to the point that he jumped up abruptly with a face filled with fear.

"What happened? He was scared to death. "It’s me!" Hell Divine Lord was confused, he grabbed Old Tang’s arm and asked.

"No ...." "Nothing much!" Old Tang was also shocked by the commotion caused by Chen Xiang. That kind of noise was way too loud.

"Haha ..." There’s an effect now! " Chen Xiang laughed.

After the Hell Divine Lord woke up, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath.

"It seems like a lot has happened." Hell Divine Lord had always been in deep sleep and he remembered what happened before he fell asleep.

"A lot of things have happened." Old Tang nodded. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Hell Divine Lord looked at Chen Xiang and asked, "Who is this brat? It’s not like we’re from hell! "

"I am Chen Xiang, I have a request from the God." Chen Xiang said.

"Tell me what happened ..." The Hell Divine Lord said.

Afterwards, Chen Xiang talked about many things that happened in the Tao-creation Divine Lord, including the era of the annexed Myriad Tao.

"I really didn’t think that Old Dragon and I would still be alive in the end ... According to what the Tao-creation Divine Lord said, in the end, I was the only one who survived the Ancestral Founder. The Hell Divine Lord laughed.

"God Lord, I heard that you are proficient in formation enchantments and many types of incantations. I want Most Ancient Era to be like hell and restrict the power of World Defying Stage Divine Source and divine energy." Chen Xiang said.

"That is a bit difficult. I can tell you the method of setting up this Spirit Formation, but you need a very powerful energy source." Hell Divine Lord said, "Currently, we can only restrict people from the World Defying Stage Divine Source."

Amongst the Most Ancient Era, the strongest source of energy was only the Medicine-creation Divine Continent. The energy of the nine divine trees were extremely strong, but it was currently controlled by the Crystal-creation Race.

"God, what about the other Hell clansmen?" They did not do good in the Most Ancient Era. Old Tang said.

"I have my own ways of dealing with them. I will bring them all back." The Hell Divine Lord frowned and said: "Seems like the Most Ancient Era is in trouble. The Crystal-creation Race is the most troublesome."

"Crystal-creation Race is indeed hard to deal with, what’s more, they have teamed up with the experts of Initial God-creation Realm." Chen Xiang said, "Furthermore, they are the commanders of the other Creation Race s, so it is possible that the Beast-creation Race is also under their control."

"These bastards, they’re always so reckless." Hell Divine Lord cursed in a low voice, then took out a disk and passed it to Chen Xiang. "This is the formation that restricts the World Defying Stage Divine Source.

Chen Xiang immediately thanked him and passed the disk to Xiao Xianglin. There were many incantations engraved on it that he could not understand.

"God Master, what are the uses of the nine Chuangyuan key? Crystal-creation Race was in a hurry to find Chuangyuan key. " Chen Xiang said, the man in black had also said that it was because he was going to the Initial God-creation Realm, but he felt that there must be other uses to it.

"There are many uses for Chuangyuan key, but the greatest one is used to create eras." Hell Divine Lord said, "And also the power that can control Most Ancient Era!"

"In Most Ancient Era, there are nine sources of energy. One needs to use the key to enter the place and be able to control the energy transportation inside the place."

The Chuangyuan key had such uses, Chen Xiang was secretly shocked!

"So, it’s normal for them to be looking for the Initial God-creation Realm. It’s best if they don’t get it, otherwise, the Initial God-creation Realm’s energy source will be directly obtained by them." Hell Divine Lord said in a serious tone, he did not know that had Initial God-creation Realm on him.

"Where are the nine divine trees of Medicine-creation Divine Continent? It seems to also be hiding an extremely strong energy, which should also have a huge impact on the Most Ancient Era. " Chen Xiang asked.

"The nine Divine Trees are the gates to the nine energy sources in the Most Ancient Era. Even if they were destroyed, the nine Divine Trees would be reborn somewhere else. It’s just that it would take a long time." The Hell Divine Lord replied, "I need to summon a Demon Hunt Squad and have them head to the Most Ancient Era to kill that group of Hell’s descendants."

Hell Divine Lord took the formation plate Old Tang gave him, and then he arrived above the Evil Hell Mountain. He opened the formation plate, and let it emit a black light which shone onto the Golden Blood River.

Crash! *

The originally slow flowing Golden Blood River suddenly turned into a sea of splashes, splashing against the shore.

Chen Xiang looked at the surging Golden Blood River in shock, because he saw many people in black armor riding on gigantic black war horses, slowly floating up from the middle of the river.

"This is the Demon Hunt Squad from hell!" Hell Divine Lord said, "They have been asleep for many years!"

Chen Xiang spat on the ground. Because the entire Golden Blood River was filled with Demon Hunters from hell, he guessed that there were at least a few hundred million of them!

"Go to Most Ancient Era and kill all the demons there." Hell Divine Lord shouted. Countless Demon Hunters from hell turned into a black fog, and this fog floated far away, heading towards Most Ancient Era.

"This Hell Divine Lord is truly powerful, probably a trump card left behind by the Tao-creation Divine Lord." Chen Xiang thought.

"I will personally make a trip to Most Ancient Era. Old Tang, are you coming with me?" Hell Divine Lord said, "I’ll go see Old Dragon."

The old dragon he spoke of was the First Beast-creation Ancestor.

"Mm, I’ll go too." Old Tang said and then looked towards Chen Xiang.

"I won’t go!" Chen Xiang shook his head. He needed to be at ease in refining pills, cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source, and then go take back the Medicine-creation Divine Continent.

The current Crystal-creation Race was very powerful, and even the Hell Divine Lord might not be able to take him down, so he could only rely on him.