Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

After Hell Divine Lord and Old Tang left, Chen Xiang returned to Dan Devil City himself. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Isn’t the City of Hell also related to the Hell Divine Lord? If there is a relationship, Hell Divine Lord might have a pill to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source. " When Chen Xiang went to the City of Hell before, the Skeletal Man had said that he did.

Chen Xiang shook his head, he did not want to think about it anymore, and felt that it would be better if he could continue to refine pills and break through.

After using more than ten days of time, Chen Xiang finally returned to the Dan Devil City. It was extremely quiet here, as if he did not know anything about the Hell Divine Lord’s attribute.

When the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil saw Chen Xiang returning, he asked with a smile, "Did you get anything from going to the City of Hell?"

"Yes, I saw Hell Divine Lord." Chen Xiang said, then told Yellow Heaven Dan Devil about what happened, which made him exclaim in shock.

After Chen Xiang and Yellow Heaven Dan Devil chatted for a while, they went into the room and laid on the bed to rest.

"Do you remember the golden stone that Long Yue gave me before?" Xiao Xianglin asked.

"Of course I remember. The mysterious golden stone Long Yue used to exchange for Paternoster soul stone s was used for you. Chen Xiang said.

"After I learned the Incantation Formation from the Hell Divine Lord, I undid the seal on that golden stone." Xiao Xianglin was very surprised. "Originally, this stone was a seal, but the incantation inside it can release a very strong power that can penetrate the seal and be felt by me. and decided that this was a very powerful incantation. "

"Is it the Legendary mantra?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"It’s not a Legendary mantra ... far more powerful than Legendary mantra. " Xiao Xianglin said: "If you want to give me a name, it should be called the Arrogant Curse!"

"Is it that powerful? "How did you know?" Chen Xiang asked in shock. From Xiao Xianglin’s tone, it could be seen that he was many times stronger than the Legendary mantra.

"This incantation is made up of nine, nine, eighty-one strokes! And a Legendary mantra would at most take around ten strokes. " Xiao Xianglin said: "Currently, I still don’t know what abilities this incantation has. Also, when I’m learning it, it won’t be difficult to learn it because I have mastered too many Legendary mantra."

"Won’t he be able to learn it very soon?" Chen Xiang said in surprise.

When the time comes, I will also refine a Paternoster soul stone for you. Xiao Xianglin said: "I have already sent one of my clones to learn it."

"Looks like Long Yue suffered a huge loss." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Yes, so you have to treat her better in the future." Xiao Xianglin laughed.

When Chen Xiang heard that Xiao Xianglin had obtained the Arcana Incantation, his mood became very good.

After fusing with the Shenyuan crystal ginseng, the Heavenly Demon Ginseng created by He Fengyuan and the Mei Jing Sisters produced a very powerful energy.

The Heavenly Demon Ginseng was formed from the fusion of the four Dan Devil s that Chen Xiang had won, and was equally as strong as the Shenyuan crystal ginseng. The most important thing was that it could produce an intense reaction with the Shenyuan crystal ginseng, and then produce an extremely strong energy.

After Chen Xiang stayed in the Time array for a few months, he entered the stage of awakening the Incantation.

"Awakening the Huajing Dan grain is yet another huge expense." Chen Xiang secretly felt his heart ache. He still had more than two hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals in his hands, but he felt that they would all be used up very soon.

Chen Xiang placed fifty million Tao-creation Holy Crystals inside the Tianchuang furnace, he estimated that he would need to use up so much energy to awaken it.

He came out of the Time array and waited outside for half a day before entering again. It had already been more than fifty years since he entered.

"The Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal is gone!" Chen Xiang was shocked, and then put another fifty million in.

After half a day, after he entered the Time array, he realized that there was still no condensing a core, and that fifty million Tao-creation Holy Crystals had also been used up.

"I can’t let this hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals not be enough to feed me." Chen Xiang came out of the Time array and waited outside patiently.

A day later, Chen Xiang finally condensed a pellet after entering the Time array!

"He used one hundred and ninety-five million Tao-creation Divine Crystals." Chen Xiang took a deep breath, "What a huge consumption!"

The higher the consumption of Awakening Huajing Dan grain, the higher the quality and the stronger the energy.

"Don’t let me down." Chen Xiang looked at the black and red pellet that was flickering with light, and then put it into his mouth.

A wave of energy instantly rushed forth and a wave of red blood energy gushed out of Chen Xiang’s body.

Half a day later, a thick layer of red crystals covered his body, as if he was in a cocoon. He had also fallen asleep inside.

Very quickly, a hundred years had passed, and the red crystal surrounding Chen Xiang turned into a red stone.

After he woke up, he immediately broke free from the stone and sighed emotionally.

"The refining time is very short!" Chen Xiang was very surprised when he found out that it had only been a hundred years. Before this, he needed three thousand years to refine some of the pellets.

He Fengyuan also gave this pill a name, "Congealing Origin Divine Pill".

"You still can’t cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source?" Xiao Xianglin asked.

"I haven’t cultivated it yet, but it’s going to be soon. Eating another pellet will definitely produce it!" Chen Xiang had a very strong feeling, that the aura of his Divine Origin Realm was also becoming extremely dense.

"If you guys were to eat it, you might be able to break through with just one pill!" Chen Xiang really wanted to refine two of them immediately, but he needed the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals right now.

"There are no more Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals!" Chen Xiang consumed nearly two hundred million Tao-creation Holy Crystals just to refine it, but cultivating the World Defying Stage Divine Source was still very worthwhile.

"If we use Twin dan grain s to refine, perhaps we can refine two of them for three hundred million." Xiao Xianglin said.

"Hm!" Now, I have to go and get the three hundred million Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals. " The first thing that came to Chen Xiang’s mind was the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil. If he were to sell medicinal pellets from the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil’s Yellow Sky Tower, he would very quickly be able to gather a sum of Tao-creation’s sacred crystals.

"It should be easier to sell Ziyuan Dan s, you just need to sell a few of them." Chen Xiang said. Previously, when Yellow Heaven Dan Devil bought two pills for a hundred million, he was able to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source.

There should be many people in the Infernal Realm who were as wealthy as the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil. If they all needed to use Ziyuan Dan s for this junior to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source, they would definitely be willing to buy it.

Chen Xiang immediately went to Yellow Heaven Dan Devil to discuss this matter.

"How about this, you sell one of them to me for fifty million each, and then I will resell it to you. That way, you can also quickly obtain the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals." The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil laughed. If this pill were sold through his Yellow Sky Tower, his reputation would definitely soar, far surpassing that of the other buildings.

"No problem!" Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s just that... Senior Huang Tian, do you still have a lot of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals? "

I can borrow it. I know a lot of people. I can borrow 10 or 20 million from each of them. The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil laughed.

After Chen Xiang asked the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil for sixty million Tao-creation Holy Crystals, he returned to his room to refine Ziyuan Dan s. He refined them together with his two clones.

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil had also gone out to find a friend to borrow the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal.