Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was not the strongest Dan Devil in the Dan Devil City, but she was definitely the most popular. He had many friends, and this was mainly because she was a very kind person.

Furthermore, Tian Yu Dan Devil and the others didn’t have as many friends as Yellow Heaven Dan Devil. As for Dan Devil, she was the one that kept a low profile.

Yellow Heaven Dan Devil went around the Dan Devil City and borrowed a lot of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, but it was not enough, she could only go to other cities.

After Chen Xiang spent about ten days refining pills in the Time array, she had already refined six Ziyuan Dan!

"After travelling to quite a few cities, I can only borrow 200 million. Coupled with my many years of travel, it should be enough." The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil said.

"I need three hundred million!" Chen Xiang said.

"Enough!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil immediately passed three hundred million Tao-creation Divine Crystals to Chen Xiang, then she took the Ziyuan Dan from Chen Xiang.

The Ziyuan Dan was able to help a person cultivate spirit energy, so after his previous disciple ate two pills, he was able to successfully cultivate it, and the effects were already known to everyone.

At this time, the Tian Yu Dan Devil was extremely pleased with herself, because he had the Ziyuan spiritual fruit in his possession. However, he did not know that just the Ziyuan spiritual fruit alone could not refine a Ziyuan Dan.

"That bastard, Old Devil Tianyu, many people are now trying to curry favor with him just because he has a Ziyuan spiritual fruit." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil laughed: "This guy still doesn’t know when to stop. Only then would we be able to grow fruit trees, let alone refine Ziyuan Dan s, and begin to brag about ourselves. "

Chen Xiang couldn’t help but laugh. If the Ziyuan spiritual fruit seeds a fruit tree, then it would be a Purple fire tree ... Even if it was possible, the investment would be huge.

"I’m going back to refine pills!" Chen Xiang received enough Tao-creation Holy Crystals and quickly returned to his room.

"If I eat another Origin Condensation Pill, I should be able to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source. Should I cultivate it or not?" Chen Xiang was hesitating. If he managed to cultivate it, it would mean that he would be severely restricted in hell.

He felt that there were still things he needed to do in the Infernal Realm, so he couldn’t make a breakthrough that quickly.

"Most Ancient Era has already taken over, so there shouldn’t be a need to rush, I will first wait for news from Long Yue." Chen Xiang had already decided not to eat the Congealed Origin Divine Pellet for the time being, but she could let Xiao Xianglin eat it first.

This time, he used Twin dan grain s to refine the Congealing Origin Divine Pill, which could refine two pellets at the same time, which would save him a lot of medicinal ingredients as well as the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals.

Chen Xiang was currently not anxious at all. Since the Hell Divine Lord had already ordered the Demon Hunt Squad to head to the Most Ancient Era, it shouldn’t be long before they could eliminate all the evil Underworld Humans there.

More than ten days later, Chen Xiang had already refined two Ziyuan Dan!

"Master, take one first!" Chen Xiang gave one pellet to Xiao Xianglin. If Xiao Xianglin could cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source, then when she was refining other types of array divine weapons, he would be able to refine even faster, faster and faster, and also able to refine stronger ones.

What she needed to do next was to create an array disc. If she could successfully activate the array disc, she could restrict those who could cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source s to run errands for her in the Most Ancient Era.

"Alright!" Xiao Xianglin said: "After I break through, I need to refine even better Time array!"

Although the Time array that Chen Xiang was currently using could transform into a hundred years in a day, compared to the Time array s of the strong practitioners in Most Ancient Era, they were considered to be far behind.

A single Tao-creation Holy Crystal would be able to circulate for a long time. If it was a higher level Time array, then she would need to consume even more Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

"I have enough Time array for now." Chen Xiang said, he was worried that using the other Time array would increase the consumption of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

Currently, he was really short on Tao-creation Divine Crystals, so he had used up a lot of them just to concoct the pills.

Xiao Xianglin kept his clone and ate it, refining it inside the Time array.

When Chen Xiang arrived at the main hall of the Yellow Heaven Restaurant, Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was entertaining guests there. When she saw Chen Xiang, he immediately brought Chen Xiang to a room with a smile.

"Senior Huang Tian, business is pretty good!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"I sold all the Ziyuan Dan you sold to me. I earned a bit too. Most importantly, it greatly increased my reputation in the Yellow Sky Tower." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil chuckled.

"That’s good!" Chen Xiang laughed heartily: "If Tian Yu Dan Devil knows about this, she will definitely be very angry." Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Isn’t that right? This guy came all the way to Yellow Sky Tower and asked me to hand you over, saying that you were lying and that there was only one Ziyuan spiritual fruit, but now there are so many of them." Yellow Heaven Dan Devil replied, "He came to cause trouble, so I kicked him out."

"The next time he comes looking for trouble, you can tell him that the Purple fire tree came from the Most Ancient Era. It’s the result of the Purple fire tree some time ago. Chen Xiang said.

"The Ziyuan spiritual fruit is actually from the Purple fire tree!" Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was shocked.

Old Alchemist was someone who had a better understanding of the Medicine-creation Divine Continent and knew about the Nine Divine Tree.

"Well, if you tell him that, he won’t come looking for trouble next time." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Alright!" The Yellow Heaven Dan Devil nodded her head and laughed: "Chen Xiang, can you refine four more Ziyuan Dan s? I have two good friends that want them, they offered me 120 million to buy them, I will help you resell them to them, I don’t want to earn that price anymore."

Chen Xiang thought about how she did not have many Holy Crystals left, and about the fact that she would need to use the arrogant rune to refine Paternoster soul stone s, and maybe consume a lot of Tao-creation Holy Crystals by then, so he nodded in agreement.

"Sure!"

Chen Xiang had only agreed, but Yellow Heaven Dan Devil would give him the two hundred forty million Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

"Refining a few Ziyuan Dan is just a piece of cake." After Chen Xiang returned to her room, she started to refine the pellet happily. To be able to earn so many Tao-creation Holy Crystals so easily, this was the benefit of mastering the extremely strong alchemy skills.

After Chen Xiang finished refining today, the moment she opened the door to the secret room, she saw Long Yue standing outside.

"Sister Yue, you’re back!" Chen Xiang asked.

Long Yue nodded his head, only to see her looking anxious, as though he had something urgent.

"What happened?" Chen Xiang saw through it and asked anxiously.

"Smoke Charming is in trouble ..." Sitting on the chair, Long Yue heaved a long sigh, her face carrying a trace of grief.

"She... "Dead?" When Chen Xiang thought about how this charming and peerless beauty had died, she could not help but feel sad.

Long Yue looked very bald and crippled, as if she had suffered the biggest setback in history.

"He didn’t die, but it was even more painful than death." Long Yue closed her eyes and sighed.

"Calm down first, I’ll go find Senior Huang Tian ..." We’ll talk about it when I get back. " Chen Xiang patted her shoulder, then went to find Yellow Heaven Dan Devil.