Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After handing the four Ziyuan Dan s in his hands to Yellow Heaven Dan Devil, Chen Xiang quickly returned to his hall. @,

"What exactly did you encounter? From the things that I have learnt these few days, the place you guys went should be related to the Star-creation Race! " Chen Xiang could see the sorrow in Long Yue’s expression because she was controlling her emotions to the limit and did not want to show it.

"How do you know?" Long Yue was slightly surprised.

"I saw Hell Divine Lord ... After you and Smoke Charming left, I went back to the surface. Chen Xiang told Long Yue about the Infernal Realm and Crystal-creation Race.

After Long Yue finished listening, she was extremely angry, because her Beast-creation Race was actually taken over by the Crystal-creation Race.

"I want to go back!" Damn Crystal-creation Race! " Long Yue had originally been in a state of grief and fury, but now that he found out about this, he became even more furious.

Chen Xiang anxiously pulled her, and just now, when she was talking about these things, he carefully observed Long Yue’s reactions, especially when she mentioned that Beast-creation Race’s humanoid beasts would eat First Beast-creation Ancestor, her emotions fluctuated the most, and although she was trying his best to resist, it was still not difficult to tell.

"Are we just going to let them go?" Long Yue said.

"First of all, you have to be told what happened to you." Chen Xiang said: "If we want to deal with Most Ancient Era, we need more power, so we have to save Smoke Charming!"

The Smoke Charming had also cultivated a World Defying Stage Divine Source, so sshe was an important figure in the Star-creation Race, so he would definitely be very strong.

"I can’t save him, and going back to that place this time, there will be no chance of me coming out again. Smoke Charming almost sacrificed himself before allowing me out." Long Yue lowered his head and fought back his tears.

Smoke Charming was her little aunt, one of her few relatives. Although she was always cold and filled with killing intent, she was indeed a very emotional person, especially towards family.

"There is no such thing as an absolute certainty!" Chen Xiang said: "In this world, there is no place that can trap me, Chen Xiang!"

"I don’t want to hurt you! Forget it, let’s go back to the Most Ancient Era. " Long Yue shook his head.

"Tell me first what kind of place it is." Chen Xiang was also very curious.

"Star-creation Race and Hell Clan are both sealed! And now, the Hell Divine Lord had been released, but the Star-creation Race had not! We will pass through the Hell star and go to the place where the Star-creation Race is sealed. " Long Yue said.

"The two of you should have already known." Chen Xiang said, Long Yue’s mother was the founder of the Star-creation Race.

"We can roughly guess!" Long Yue sighed: "The reason we are going to the Star-creation Race is also because we want to take the Creation Spirit Stone. It is something extremely important to the Star-creation Race!"

"The Star Creation Stone?" Chen Xiang asked: "Is it important?"

"It’s very important, the thing that my mother left behind after she died. Although we don’t know the specific function of it, it is currently controlled by the people from the Star-creation Race, and we want it back. We cannot let them use it, otherwise, they will break through the seal one day! If they were to come out, they will be demons stronger than the Crystal-creation Race. " Long Yue was helpless. They had failed, and had lost their Smoke Charming.

"Take me with you!" Chen Xiang said: "You guys can use the power of the World Defying Stage Divine Source inside, right?"

"I can use it, but I’m still not a match for that group of fellows. The strongest aspect of the Star-creation Race is its ability to use incantations, and there are all sorts of powerful killing formations laid everywhere." Long Yue said.

"My master is also very skilled. She is the Heavenly Incantation Master. Right now, she is in closed-door training and will soon come out. If she knows about this, she will definitely be very happy." Chen Xiang laughed: "Don’t worry, Smoke Charming will definitely be fine."

"But... Your master’s cultivation is not high. " Long Yue said.

"Don’t say anything. If we don’t hurry up, the Smoke Charming might really be dead." Chen Xiang said: "Quickly bring me to her." Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Long Yue frowned, and hesitated. She was well aware how terrifying that place was, and he was worried that he would implicate Chen Xiang after entering.

"Are you really sure?" Long Yue asked.

"There really is one!" Chen Xiang nodded with a serious expression.

"Alright, let’s go now!" Long Yue finally decided to bring Chen Xiang.

After Chen Xiang bid farewell to the Yellow Heaven Dan Devil, she followed Long Yue and left the Dan Devil City.

Long Yue took out a frisbee and flew high in the sky with Chen Xiang on it.

"Star-creation Race is sealed in hell, and there aren’t any dangers along the way. It’s just that there’s another space inside the seal, and there are many powerful Star-creation Race inside. It’s extremely dangerous." Long Yue said.

"Who left the Hell star behind?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I left it behind by the Tao-creation Divine Lord! Through the Hell star, one could enter and exit the seal ... Originally, Tao-creation Divine Lord thought that after sealing them long enough, they would die. Long Yue said, "Before Smoke Charming and I went in, we also thought that they had died. This way, we would be able to quickly find the Star Creation Stone. Who knew ..."

"Before, Hell Divine Lord also said that the fellow from Star-creation Race will die after being sealed. This is truly unexpected." Chen Xiang said.

"There are many killing arrays inside. After Smoke Charming and I entered, we were trapped for a period of time by the killing arrays, and then someone came to find us. The Smoke Charming used all of her strength to break free from the killing arrays, and then block those people, allowing me to escape." As Long Yue said till this point, her face revealed sadness. Although she had a grudge with Smoke Charming, Smoke Charming did not hesitate to save her.

"Don’t worry, we will definitely be able to save her." Chen Xiang was extremely confident, because she had already consumed the Congealed Origin Divine Pill and was about to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source.

A Heavenly Incantation Master who cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source would definitely be extremely strong.

Furthermore, he still had a Congealing Origin Divine Pill in his hands. As long as he consumed it, he would be able to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source, together with the Doppelgänger mantra, the profoundfeng Mantra and the power to kill Chi Long.

"Smoke Charming blew up two clones!" Long Yue said: "Will this harm her greatly?"

"It won’t, at most, make her forget about the Doppelgänger mantra, and she will never be able to control it ever again." Chen Xiang said, "But after eating the Doppelgänger mantra Soul Stone, you will be able to gain a new understanding of the Doppelgänger mantra."

"That’s good!" Long Yue heaved a long sigh.

"I have the Doppelgänger mantra Soul Stone with me. My master left it as a backup for me. I had previously destroyed my own clone once." Chen Xiang said with a smile, then told Long Yue about him meeting Golden Fire Arrogant Lord’s grandson

She never thought that Chen Xiang would clash with the grandson of the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord so early on. The first time she was only at the peak of the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank and he was even able to escape from people who had cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source.

After flying for more than ten days, Chen Xiang and Long Yue arrived above a huge, pitch-black mud pit.

"The Star-creation Race is sealed below!" Long Yue took out a key. If it was made from the fusion of two Hell star s.