Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Long Yue held onto the key tightly and looked at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, indicating that she could begin, and that Xiao Xianglin had also successfully cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, she was extremely confident in his strength, especially when facing the various incantation killing arrays.

Long Yue used her power to enter the key, only to see the key emitting a golden light, enveloping both of them, and at the same time changing the flying discs to Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors.

Xiao Xianglin could directly control the Six Realms mirrors in the You Yao Mountain Villa, so she understood the various arrays within the Six Realms mirrors the best. The Six Realms mirrors could also defend and attack.

After the Six Realms mirrors was wrapped in the golden light released by the key, it started to sink into the quagmire.

Chen Xiang also felt a spatial ripple. They were passing through a spatial barrier towards another dimension.

The inside of the Creator Realm was also a field of white mist. Upon entering, Chen Xiang felt an inexplicable pressure.

"Be careful!" Long Yue frowned: "Although it’s empty inside, the Killing Incantation Formation is everywhere!"

There was a flat land below him, and the soil was dark. There were many small black stones, so it was hard to tell.

After landing on the ground, Chen Xiang looked up at the sky. Although it was very bright, there were thick clouds, making him feel like there was an extremely strong killing array up there. It would release a very powerful force.

"Don’t move!" Xiao Xianglin suddenly came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa with a stern expression.

"Sister Xiao!" When Long Yue saw Xiao Xianglin, she noticed that Xiao Xianglin’s current aura was a little different. This made her secretly shocked, because he had felt a trace of divine origin force just now.

"Xiao Yue, was the place you landed at earlier also here?" Xiao Xianglin asked.

"No!" Long Yue looked around and shook her head: "We have fought in that place before, and there are very obvious marks, but not here."

"Master, are there really many killing formations around here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"A lot. We are now in a killing array!" As Xiao Xianglin spoke, she took out a golden longsword. It seemed to have been refined using the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal.

She tossed out the long sword and accurately stabbed it into a large rock in the distance. It penetrated through the rock and stabbed deeply into the ground.

Afterwards, she took out more than ten of these swords and threw them at the surrounding ten stones.

"It should be enough!" She closed her eyes and saw more than ten golden swords suddenly glow and then burst out with a blinding golden light.

"This killing array has been broken!" Xiao Xianglin smiled slightly: "It won’t be difficult for me!"

Chen Xiang and Long Yue were very surprised, because they saw green grass appearing all around them and all the surrounding black stone earth appeared.

"This is what it looks like!" Seeing that Xiao Xianglin was so capable, she couldn’t help but feel admiration and secretly rejoice in his heart, because this was more likely to save Smoke Charming.

"Where is the Smoke Charming?" Xiao Xianglin asked.

"I don’t know!" Long Yue shook his head.

Xiao Xianglin frowned, and said: "The killing formations here are deliberately laid out by someone, and it requires a large amount of energy, so where did all this energy come from?"

"From the stars!" Long Yue continued, "Within the Star-creation Race, those powerful individuals all have many stars in their bodies ... This is the Smoke Charming. "

"There are quite a few killing formations here, and all of them are extremely powerful. If I were to break a few, they would definitely be able to feel it. When the time comes, they should come over to investigate." Xiao Xianglin said: "As long as someone comes, we will capture them."

"Master, can I fly here using the profoundfeng Mantra?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, the killing formations here are not the same as normal ones. It’s best if you don’t even try using illusions, otherwise you will only trigger the killing formations." Xiao Xianglin said, "What you need to do is to wait, wait for the people from the Star-creation Race to come and investigate. After that, I will use the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on that person and search through his memories."

After saying that, Xiao Xianglin took out an array disc or a few of the Incantation Flags that she had refined.

Chen Xiang and Long Yue were always by Xiao Xianglin’s side. If there was any danger, they could help Xiao Xianglin resist for a while.

In just an hour, Xiao Xianglin had broken through more than ten killing arrays, forming many green grasslands.

"Someone’s coming!" Xiao Xianglin anxiously said after sensing it.

Chen Xiang and Long Yue immediately looked around, but they could not see anything. This was a flat land with no dense fog, they could see very far away, and if someone came in, they would definitely be able to see it. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"The killing arrays here also have illusory arrays. Every killing array is sealed. If they walk within the array formations, you naturally won’t be able to see them." Xiao Xianglin urged: "Chen Xiang, quickly go invisible!"

Chen Xiang immediately used the Counter Power to envelop Xiao Xianglin and his body, while he used the power of the incantation to conceal his Qi.

Not long after, two people suddenly appeared on this patch of green grass.

"So many of our formations have been destroyed!" Is someone coming in? " One of the violet-clothed young men that was holding a disk had a face full of surprise.

"Impossible, the killing array that we set up, even the people that set up it won’t be able to easily and quickly break it. At most, we can just avoid triggering it!" We, the Creator, are the strongest existence who can use Curses, even we cannot do it, let alone others. " One of the middle aged man by the side said coldly: "This should be caused by the abnormal sealing of this old bastard from the Tao-creation Divine Lord."

At this time, Long Yue had even more respect for Xiao Xianglin. Star-creation Race using incantations to set up formations was indeed very powerful, but Xiao Xianglin had far surpassed them.

"They can easily take those who can only produce Divine Origin Qi." Xiao Xianglin whispered to Long Yue and Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang discussed with Long Yue for a while, then took out her Six Realms mirrors and released a strong light that enveloped the two Creator.

When those two were struck by such a strong light, their eyes could not help but tear through it. At the same time, an extremely strong mental attack accompanied with a strong light attack arrived, pouring into his Divine Sense Sea, greatly affecting their mental state.

Long Yue immediately flew over and waved his black blade, cutting the two of them in half. The Six Realms mirrors flew over and floated on top of it, releasing a seal to seal the two of them.

Xiao Xianglin made her final move, and directly used his own origin energy to condense seal incantations, imprinting it onto the bodies of the two people, preventing them from moving. Then, she placed his hands on their heads, channeling her Soul Absorbing Devil Spell to search through their memories.

"Ah... It’s Long Yue! " The middle aged man recognized Long Yue and shouted angrily.

"I’m back!" Long Yue laughed coldly, "I will kill all of you."

The two of them were terrified, because the incantation Xiao Xianglin used on them was extremely terrifying, they now knew, the killing formations had been broken by someone!