Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"When Long Yue was using the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell to search their memories, the two creators felt incomparable pain. Their faces contorted in pain and they screamed out loud. ≤,

"Can you find any memories?" Chen Xiang asked.

"We’ve already found them. We need to move quickly. They’ve found a way to break this barrier." Xiao Xianglin said anxiously, "If they want to use the power from the Smoke Charming’s body to break through the barrier, it is extremely possible that the power that caused the Smoke Charming’s spirit energy to break out would attack the weakest part of the barrier."

Hearing this, Long Yue became very anxious: "Where are they?"

"Let’s go now. I’ve already grasped these killing arrays from their memories. We can easily cross them." Xiao Xianglin said: "We will go now. The Star-creation Race sealed here had already decided to sacrifice someone who cultivated and produced a World Defying Stage Divine Source. When the Smoke Charming came in later on, they didn’t have to make a decision."

"Right now, they are only waiting for the moment when the Spirit Formation is at its weakest to start breaking the formation." Xiao Xianglin walked in front and said: "You must remember the place I stepped on just now. As long as you step in that position, you will not touch the barrier.

In order for Chen Xiang and Long Yue to see it clearly, she would release a light red mist from his feet when he walked, forming a footprint that emitted red light.

Chen Xiang and Long Yue followed her footprints as they walked on the killing array.

Xiao Xianglin left quickly, because the current situation was extremely urgent. If she was too slow, Smoke Charming might have been executed, and she might have been able to break through this seal.

"Star-creation Race has begun!" Xiao Xianglin suddenly shouted.

Chen Xiang and Long Yue also felt the energy wave that suddenly attacked them.

"We have to hurry!" Long Yue was extremely anxious.

"En!" Xiao Xianglin increased her speed.

A moment later, they walked out of the killing formation group and came to a large grassland. In front of them was a large platform. This platform was built using crystals that were filled with energy.

And Smoke Charming was sealed on top of the stage in a transparent crystal!

"The rock at the top is the Star Creation Stone!" Long Yue said softly, at this time, they were already invisible, all the stars around the stage could not see them.

On top of the huge water Spar sealing the Smoke Charming, there was a light blue water Spar. It was extremely small, but it emitted a dazzling light.

"I will rush in to save Smoke Charming! Xiao Yue, you are in charge of defending against the other people who come to attack, Chen Xiang’s sneak attack. " Xiao Xianglin said.

"Sister Xiao, how about I do it? I have cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, it would be easier to rush in." Long Yue said. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"NO!" That tall platform is filled with spirit formations and spirit formations. As for you, you will not be able to enter. Xiao Xianglin said as she soared into the sky.

There were stars created all around the stage, there were a few who had cultivated World Defying Stage Divine Source, and after Xiao Xianglin’s clone, he was not weak, being able to fend them off.

Long Yue also used the Doppelgänger mantra, and two clones appeared beside her.

Xiao Xianglin was the first to rush over, and already attracted the attention of the five strongest stars, causing them to be extremely shocked, because there was actually someone who could enter here unnoticed, and with the many enchantments they had set up, breaking them would not be easy at all.

When they saw Xiao Xianglin’s outfit, they knew that it was a woman. They thought that it was Long Yue, but after a closer look, it wasn’t!

Xiao Xianglin’s two clones flew in other directions, directly throwing out many golden swords. The swords spun in the air, forming a strong killing sword formation.

"It’s a sword formation. Be careful!" One of the Creator shouted, immediately throwing out two formation discs to block the attack.

At this time, Long Yue had also revealed the aura on his body. She was extremely shocked in his heart, because she could tell that Xiao Xianglin had already cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source.

Long Yue and her two clones had already charged into the midst of the crowd, slashing their weapons wildly and killing dozens of Creator in an instant.

Xiao Xianglin’s original body had already reached the top of the stage. She was the first to take down the Star Soulstone and then quickly unseal the water Spar that sealed the Smoke Charming s.

Smoke Charming was currently extremely injured and weak, so Xiao Xianglin immediately gave her a Doppelgänger mantra Soul Stone to eat!

Chen Xiang turned into a profound wind, merging with the legendary dragon fire. Waves of howling gale accompanied by flames blew out, enveloping the Star Maker.

In the blink of an eye, more than a hundred Starmen were killed. After Xiao Xianglin and Long Yue split up into their clones, they were equivalent to six people who managed to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source. The other party had five, so the pressure on them wasn’t too great.

"Have you grasped the Doppelgänger mantra?" Xiao Xianglin waited beside the Smoke Charming, who had already entered the Time array.

"Soon!" Smoke Charming thought that he was dead for sure, he never thought that Long Yue would suddenly rush out with a strong helper. She was very curious about Xiao Xianglin’s identity, not only was she proficient in all kinds of incantations, she was also very powerful.

The only thing she was sure of was that Xiao Xianglin definitely had something to do with Chen Xiang, because Xiao Xianglin had the Paternoster soul stone in her possession. had told her before that the Paternoster soul stone was something that she had obtained from Chen Xiang’s hands.

Long Yue had never told Smoke Charming that Chen Xiang had a very powerful master.

Chen Xiang had already appeared, her arm had already turned into the arm of the Scarlet Dragon, the person she had struck had turned into a spark in an instant, her power was extremely tyrannical.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

Chen Xiang’s fist was like a violent storm as it violently struck out. The rain-like fist instantly blasted through dozens of creators who were using array discs to block the attack.

Facing Chen Xiang’s tyrannical power, even the power of formations would find it difficult to resist. His Dragon Slaying Fist was able to instantly shatter it, and was already unstoppable.

A creator of the World Defying Stage Divine Source rushed at Xiao Xianglin, using an array disc to attack him, but was blocked by the array that Xiao Xianglin had set up, and was even restricted by the power of the array.

At the same time, Xiao Xianglin released her sword formation, but right at that moment, the four other powerful Creation Saints threw out a spear at the same time, thrusting towards the old man who was sealed by the flag formation.

"They will sacrifice this old man!" After Xiao Xianglin saw this scene, she hurriedly brought Smoke Charming and left the stage.

Just as Xiao Xianglin left the stage, a burst of strong energy came out from there. The old man had been killed!

"These fellows are really vicious. They even killed their own companions." said coldly. Just now, after they combined their efforts to kill the old man, they had activated the large formation they had set up a long time ago, and had broken through the spatial barrier.

The high platform was originally built with a large amount of energy crystals, but after the explosion just now, it released a very strong energy.

"Let’s go!" An old man from the Star-creation Race shouted as she entered the spatial crack.

Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors s flew around everywhere, harvesting the heads of as many Creators as possible. However, there were quite a few Creators here, and they had actually managed to escape for a few hundred!