Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang saw that Xiao Xianglin’s face was slightly pale and frowned: "Master, how are you?"

"If you are injured, it won’t be a problem. Let’s enter the spatial rift and leave." said. In order to protect the Smoke Charming, she had been affected by the strong energy that had exploded.

"My clone is coming out. Go rest." Smoke Charming’s eyes were filled with gratitude. If not for Xiao Xianglin, she would have died.

At the same time that Long Yue was grateful, he was also secretly ashamed in his heart. This time, Xiao Xianglin used a lot of power.

"Mm, I’ll leave this place to you!" Xiao Xianglin entered the You Yao Mountain Villa’s Time array s and started to heal his injuries.

She had already cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, so her physical body and various aspects had both increased by a lot. She was no longer someone that could be cured by the Rebirth powder, and it would take a long time to heal herself.

"The Star Creation Stone that Master gave me earlier!" Chen Xiang took out the Creation Star Soul Stone and handed it over to Long Yue and Smoke Charming. "You took such a huge risk to come here just to obtain this!"

"Forget it, just let your master take it!" Long Yue sighed: "As long as I don’t fall into the hands of evil."

Smoke Charming also nodded. They knew that the Star Creation Stone contained the power of the incantation, but they were not proficient in the incantations. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been trapped by the killing formation the moment they entered this place.

And Xiao Xianglin was the Incantation Master of the Heavenly Master, he had saved them, so they agreed to give the Star Creation Stone to Xiao Xianglin as a thanks.

"Alright, let’s leave this place first!" Chen Xiang, Long Yue and Smoke Charming passed through that spatial crack and arrived inside it.

Star-creation Race had already escaped, and four of them were people who had cultivated and produced World Defying Stage Divine Source.

"This is troublesome." When Chen Xiang and the others passed through the barrier, they held hands, so they did not scatter, but when the Star Creator came over, he would definitely spread out.

"Is this the Most Ancient Era?" Smoke Charming had not been here for a long time.

"Your injuries are not light either. You need to rest." Long Yue said. Smoke Charming’s jade face was bloodless, causing her to no longer be as charming as before.

"It’s much better now." Smoke Charming smiled slightly.

"Chen Xiang, what do you think we should do next?" Long Yue said.

"Let’s return to hell first. We’re in danger here!" Chen Xiang thought about it, because he had not cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source yet, and Xiao Xianglin was injured, so was Smoke Charming.

"Alright!" Long Yue would listen to him.

They used more than ten days of time to arrive at the Dan Devil City. Previously, they had no way back to the Creator Realm, and it was also because Xiao Xianglin was injured and needed to rest, and because of that, there were many battles in the Creator Realm that caused him to come out of the spatial crack.

Chen Xiang and Long Yue were both in the Smoke Charming Restaurant at the moment. Smoke Charming had already entered Chen Xiang’s You Yao Mountain Villa on the way there and used her Time array.

"Chen Xiang, is Sister Xiao better now?" Long Yue was a little worried.

"She should be more or less recovered. Right now, she’s probably researching the Creation Spirit Stone." Chen Xiang laughed: "You don’t have to worry about her."

"That’s good. If she is affected by this injury, I will feel sorry for her." Smoke Charming said, her charming and cute appearance was extremely moving.

"Then I am relieved." Long Yue also sighed: "Oh right, Sister Xiao has already cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, right? "How can he be so fast!"

Chen Xiang laughed without saying a word.

"Could it be that you have successfully refined a pill that allows one to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source?" Long Yue shouted in shock and disbelief.

Chen Xiang nodded.

"Really? It’s too powerful! " Smoke Charming smiled coquettishly as he looked at Chen Xiang affectionately. When he walked over, he pretended to fall into Chen Xiang’s embrace.

When Chen Xiang saw the beauty falling towards him, he naturally very naturally reached out to embrace her. When he came in contact with her soft and fragrant jade body, his heart couldn’t help but tremble.

Smoke Charming was also unable to get up from Chen Xiang’s embrace like this, and she even charmingly said: "My injuries aren’t completely healed, and if I’m not careful, I’ll lose my balance."

Chen Xiang sat on the chair, while Smoke Charming hid in his embrace with a complacent look on his face. He leaned against his chest, causing Long Yue to secretly clench his teeth.

"You ... Hurry and get up, what a shame. " Long Yue hurriedly shouted, "I shouldn’t have saved you back then!"

"Why shouldn’t I be saved? Is it because I stole your man? " Smoke Charming was like a snake spirit, wrapping her soft body around Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang coughed dryly twice, and then forcefully took Smoke Charming off his body! He felt that if Long Yue was not here, the Smoke Charming might have done something even more crazy and sexy.

"How shameless." Long Yue snorted. Seeing Chen Xiang taking Smoke Charming away, her heart felt a lot more at ease.

Smoke Charming could only giggle.

"Chen Xiang, why didn’t you cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source?" Long Yue asked.

"I originally wanted to cultivate, but wasn’t I worried about you? If I had known earlier that the Star Creation Space could release the power of the World Defying Stage Divine Source, I would have cultivated it. " Chen Xiang said.

Seeing that Chen Xiang had been secretly worrying about her, Long Yue could not help but be moved in his heart.

"How did you manage to concoct such a pill?" That’s almost impossible! " Smoke Charming was very curious, her charming eyes revealed a strong sense of adoration.

"This is my secret!" Chen Xiang secretly cursed the Smoke Charming in his heart. Their relationship was already so good, but she was actually tempting him at all times.

"Can you tell me this secret?" Smoke Charming did not know why, but she revealed a young girl’s bashful expression and said shyly: "I can give my most precious everything to you!"

"Smoke Charming, what are you doing?" Long Yue could no longer bear to watch, and anxiously pulled Smoke Charming over.

"’s pill techniques are superb, I admire him!" Smoke Charming laughed tenderly: "In any case, he isn’t your man. Why are you in such a hurry?"

"I’m going back to the Yellow Sky Tower. After I manage to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source, I’ll go to the Most Ancient Era." Chen Xiang said. Just as he got up, he was held by the Smoke Charming’s jade hand.

"You should train here!" Smoke Charming was slightly displeased: "Am I not better than Huang Tian Lou?"

"I feel rather comfortable there. At the very least, Senior Huang Tian would not take advantage of me like that." Chen Xiang laughed and was about to walk out.

"Humph, an unromantic fellow!" Smoke Charming laughed coquettishly as she scolded, "I want you to take advantage of me, I won’t mind!"

"I don’t want it right now!" Chen Xiang felt that he must give the Smoke Charming to Su Meiyao and the others in the future. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Chen Xiang finally left Smoke Charming Tower and returned to the Huang Tian Tower.

At this time, Yellow Heaven Dan Devil was very popular, because he had sold quite a few Ziyuan Dan, making Tian Yu Dan Devil and Burning Sun Dan Devil extremely jealous.