Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang returned to the Yellow Sky Tower, entered the secret room and ate the Congealed Origin Divine Pill, then began cultivating.

Chen Xiang had already taken the second pill, and could only condense the divine origin energy into World Defying Stage Divine Source, so he could be considered to have cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source!

After consuming the Congealed Origin Divine Pellets, Chen Xiang would be wrapped up by many crystals, and then sink into deep sleep, until he completely refined the energy of the Congealed Origin Divine Pellets. "Crap."

Two days later, Chen Xiang woke up. Clenching both fists, he could feel just how powerful the surging divine source of energy was.

"I finally managed to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source. Is this the limit of my strength?" Chen Xiang sighed with emotion. After all these years of cultivation, he had always broken through his so-called limits time and time again. He did not know when he would truly reach the peak of his strength.

Long Yue had been at the Smoke Charming Tower the entire time, and did not return with Chen Xiang.

When Chen Xiang arrived at the Smoke Charming, he only saw the Smoke Charming welcoming him.

"Your Xiao Yue left, she went back to the Most Ancient Era, she is so generous, she can’t bear to leave you with me." Without Long Yue here, she was even more unbridled. After seeing Chen Xiang, she immediately came over and arranged his clothes like a wife with deep feelings for him. Her charming jade face was filled with sweetness.

"Alright, Sister Yue isn’t here right now either! Let’s get this straight. Why did you do this to me? If it was before, I could consider you trying to agitate Sister Yue, but she’s not here anymore! " Chen Xiang hugged Smoke Charming and let her sit on his lap, caressing her extremely charming face.

"Hmph, I thought you were being unromantic!" Smoke Charming giggled. "I didn’t expect you to be so dishonest."

Chen Xiang embraced Smoke Charming, allowing her to nestle in his embrace. They were very close, and Smoke Charming enjoyed it too, gently stroking Chen Xiang’s chest.

"This is a great feeling! You have already cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, amazing! " Smoke Charming spoke softly.

"How can you let Sister Yue go to Most Ancient Era alone? It’s not like you don’t know the current situation in Most Ancient Era, it’s very dangerous! " Chen Xiang lightly scratched Smoke Charming’s nose: "You demon, quickly tell me honestly, why are you throwing yourself at me?"

"Isn’t it because I like your alchemy skills? Furthermore, you are young and handsome, I truly like you." Smoke Charming pouted. "I was planning to follow Xiao Yue to the Most Ancient Era as well.

However, she refused to die. I’ve watched this girl grow up, so what kind of thoughts does she have? "

"She left me here to give you a chance to be alone with me!" Smoke Charming used his tip to play with Chen Xiang’s face, and sighed: "She seems to have feelings for you too!"

"Let’s go to Most Ancient Era!" Chen Xiang let out a long sigh, put down the Smoke Charming in his arms, and stood up.

"Aren’t you going to show me?" When Smoke Charming saw Chen Xiang’s worried expression, he frowned and became worried as well.

"Let’s talk about it later!" Chen Xiang thought for a while, then said: "If you really want to learn my pill techniques, I can give you a chance!"

"Isn’t it just committing oneself to death? I knew it! " Smoke Charming laughed: "I have long prepared, come!"

"Don’t even think about it, I’m asking you to help me forge pills!" Chen Xiang said: "Let’s go, we will go to the Most Ancient Era first! You’ll know when the time comes! "

... ....

Chen Xiang and the Smoke Charming that was filled with anticipation had come to the Most Ancient Era, had come to the center of the Hundreds of Flowers Village! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

After entering the Hundreds of Flowers Village, Smoke Charming saw many beautiful women, and they all seemed to have a good relationship with Chen Xiang. At least she could see the feelings they had for Chen Xiang from the girls’ eyes.

When Chen Xiang returned, he took Smoke Charming to the Incense Garden and directly pushed him to where Su Meiyao and Hua Xiangyue were.

"I’ll leave this demon with a headache to you. Help me treat her." Chen Xiang gave Su Meiyao and Hua Xiangyue the same treatment before he left to find Feng Yujie.

When Feng Yujie learned that Chen Xiang had cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, he was pleasantly surprised.

"You little rascal, you’ve always improved so quickly!" Feng Yujie pinched Chen Xiang’s arm, leaned into Chen Xiang’s embrace, and said tenderly: "We had only mastered the Ziyuan spiritual fruit you gave us last time, and we are extremely lacking in the Tao-creation’s sacred crystals as well. This has affected our progress."

"Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal? This shouldn’t be a problem, I brought a Spirit Demon with me, she should have a lot of Tao-creation Holy Crystals! Furthermore, her alchemy skills are very high, and she managed to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source. " Chen Xiang laughed.

"Not bad. You’ve only managed to bring one woman back after so long." Feng Yujie teased.

"I didn’t eat her! I just wanted her to help you. " Chen Xiang said with a wronged expression.

"Then you’re too evil. She might just want you to eat her, but you’re using her like that." Feng Yujie laughed tenderly: "Alright, I will treat her well!"

When Chen Xiang went to look for Xue Xianxian and the others, they also encountered the same problem. And they all had a lot of Legendary mantra s.

"I need to go to Heavenly Dragon City. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen my old friends." Chen Xiang said.

"Right now, Long Jiuxiao is the strongest there, he’s almost able to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source. Those dragon race guys are born with good aptitude." Dongfang Xinyue said.

"That’s great! In other words, the Heavenly Dragon City already possesses a certain amount of power. " Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised.

"That’s because there are many outstanding Alchemist in the Heavenly Dragon City, and with us transferring pills over, we will definitely be very strong." Xue Xianxian laughed.

"I’ll go to Heavenly Dragon City right now!" Chen Xiang was already impatient.

Chen Xiang immediately passed through the Transmission array inside the Hundreds of Flowers Village and headed towards there.

After being teleported over, he appeared in the middle of a big hall in Heavenly Dragon City. Usually, Long Shuangru was in charge of contacting the Heavenly Dragon City, so this place was also Long Jiuxiao’s residence.

When Chen Xiang arrived, she just happened to see Long Shuangru walking over. She was just about to enter the Transmission array and return.

"Shuang Ru!" Chen Xiang chuckled, and anxiously walked over and caressed her face.

"You’re finally here! "My dad is free right now." Long Shuangru laughed: "I will go back first, go find him yourself."

"Alright!" When Chen Xiang arrived here, he felt that he was as familiar as ever. Originally, he was going to look for Long Jiuxiao, but he just happened to pass by a large hall.

This man was Zhu Rong!

"Old Zhu is still the same as before, I’ll go tease him!" Chen Xiang immediately changed into a new appearance, and entered the hall.

"Zhu Rong, right? You are currently only at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, but this is not the highest realm you can reach." Chen Xiang said directly after walking over.

Zhu Rong did not recognise Chen Xiang, and at the same time, Yun Xiaodao happened to come in. Seeing that someone was provoking his sworn enemy, he secretly rejoiced in his heart and walked over, intending to help this person who was provoking Zhu Rong.