Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

When Zhu Rong saw that someone had come to destroy the scene, he frowned slightly. Seeing Yun Xiaodao giggling by the side, his face was filled with joy, and he suspected that Yun Xiaodao had sent this person. Previous Chapter

"To the vast majority of the people, the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank is a peak that is difficult to reach! What did he mean by only being at the peak of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank? You speak lightly, do you know that? Even our Heavenly Dragon City’s Long Jiuxiao is only about to reach the World Defying Stage Divine Source, which means, within the Heavenly Dragon City, excluding the City Lord, I’m considered one of the top. " Zhu Rong said shamelessly.

"Do you want to have a fight?" Yun Xiaodao immediately refused to accept this.

"Regardless of victory or defeat, if I am not one, then I am two. There is no need to fight." Zhu Rong said indifferently: "Moreover, you have already lost to me in the previous competition."

"Pah! Why didn’t you mention last time? Compared to last time, you lost to me the first two times." Yun Xiaodao walked over and mocked.

"A good man doesn’t need to mention his past bravery." Zhu Rong smiled slightly: "You have recently lost to me, which means that you are inferior to me at this stage, and it was in the past.

"You might not be the strongest one in the Heavenly Dragon City. Our Heavenly Dragon City is full of experts, and is not even at the top of our rankings. You have to be modest, damn fatty!" Yun Xiaodao coldly snorted.

There were indeed many powerful seniors in the Heavenly Dragon City. Many of the old powerful friends that Chen Xiang had met back then were gathered in Heavenly Dragon City, while Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong were merely little devils in the eyes of these seniors.

"Those seniors are highly respected and powerful, so of course I didn’t compete with them." Zhu Rong laughed heartily: "Little Yun, you can leave now. Don’t disturb my lessons anymore, it won’t be a problem if you want to find trouble with me, you can have a fight with me right now."

"You clearly know that I’m injured, but you still want to fight me?" Yun Xiaodao curled his lips.

"That’s right, then let’s do it again!" "Anyway, you will definitely lose to me." Zhu Rong laughed very carefully, then waved his hand, allowing Yun Xiaodao to withdraw.

Chen Xiang couldn’t help but laugh. Zhu Rong and Yun Xiaodao were still as tit for tat as usual.

"What are you laughing at?" Zhu Rong looked at Chen Xiang.

"How about I fight you?" Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, no problem. This way, I can give a few pointers to my disciples on the spot." Zhu Rong’s face was full of smiles: There’s a competition here, let’s fight there!

Zhu Rong pointed to an empty area in front.

"Come!" Chen Xiang immediately walked over.

Yun Xiaodao was startled, he did not know where this person who suddenly appeared came from, but to be able to appear here, most of the people must have had their own abilities.

Zhu Rong thought that they were Yun Xiaodao’s men, but he did not care because he felt that Chen Xiang’s Qi was not very strong.

After entering the martial arena, they would activate an array formation to resist the energy that would burst out during a battle.

At this moment, the surrounding people all opened their eyes wide. Zhu Rong was their teacher, they also wanted to see how strong he was. Battles at Zhu Rong’s level were very rare.

"Are you ready? I’ll let you make the first move! " Chen Xiang smiled.

"You look so confident." Zhu Rong had already charged over, his palm striking towards Chen Xiang from a distance, setting off a burst of blue brilliance as it enveloped Chen Xiang like a violent storm of lightning.

Chen Xiang’s body only trembled, and released a weak burst of divine origin force that circulated within his flesh and blood.

After Zhu Rong’s berserk lightning energy struck him, it was all blocked by Chen Xiang’s Divine Origin, so he stood there, not moving at all, and successfully received Zhu Rong’s attack.

After Zhu Rong’s palm strike, he thought that Chen Xiang would be charred black by the electricity, but he was safe and sound, this made him look like he had seen a ghost.

Even Yun Xiaodao was surprised.

Although it was a simple competition, that palm strike of Zhu Rong’s earlier was not weak either, and actually did not cause the opponent any damage.

Zhu Rong could not believe his ears. He struck out with another two palms consecutively, and another two rays of blue light with intense lightning arcs charged forward. In the blink of an eye, it covered Chen Xiang’s entire body, and crackling sounds could be heard.

And just like before, Chen Xiang stood there without moving at all!

Zhu Rong immediately retreated a few steps, his face full of shock.

"Who the hell are you?" Zhu Rong asked anxiously.

"City Lord of the Ninth Heaven!" Suddenly, someone shouted, Long Jiuxiao is here.

From afar, they saw a burly, middle-aged man walking over. He wore golden armor and his entire body was filled with an oppressive aura of dragons. As he walked over, his might was even greater.

"Chen Xiang, stop messing around!" Long Jiuxiao laughed and shouted.

Zhu Rong and Yun Xiaodao were both stunned for a moment, then looked at Chen Xiang, even more shocked!

Chen Xiang’s face slowly changed back to his original handsome appearance.

"Elder Brother Shen!" Yun Xiaodao was surprised and shouted anxiously.

"So it’s you. I was just saying, how could there be such a sinister thing?" Zhu Rong laughed and scolded: "You bastard, you actually dare to mess with me like this."

"Isn’t it because you are bragging too loudly? Even the Elder Brother Shen can’t stand watching you do it anymore." Yun Xiaodao laughed.

"It’s been a long time since we’ve seen each other, and many things have happened. All of you have become very powerful as well. However, there is a feeling of when we first met." Chen Xiang was amazed.

"Yes, many of my old friends left and dispersed." Yun Xiaodao sighed.

"All of you, leave!" Long Jiuxiao said to the disciples. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Those disciples also knew about Chen Xiang’s situation, and were only shocked in their hearts. This was because Chen Xiang was a legendary figure in the Heavenly Dragon City.

Soon after, Chen Xiang, Yun Xiaodao and the others arrived at Long Jiuxiao’s living room.

"I’ve finally waited for you to come back." Long Jiuxiao laughed: "You have already cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, right?"

"Bro, you’ve already cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, and yet you’re making fun of me. I’ve just lost a lot of face." Zhu Rong laughed.

"It’s extremely difficult to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source. City Lord Jiu Xiao, you seem to have gone into closed door cultivation many times. You stayed in the Time array for a long time but were unable to break through." Yun Xiaodao said.

"Yes!" Long Jiuxiao frowned and nodded.

"I had a breakthrough after consuming pills." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Yeah, it’s been so long, I almost forgot that you’re a Alchemist!" Yun Xiaodao slapped his thigh and remembered Chen Xiang’s most powerful identity.

"I can make the Hundreds of Flowers Village refine this kind of pill, but I need to consume a large amount of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals! It will probably cost around 150 million each! " Chen Xiang said.

"So many Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals!" Zhu Rong was shocked.

"This isn’t easy to do." Yun Xiaodao shook his head.

"You should know about the things happening outside the Most Ancient Era, right?" Chen Xiang said.

"I sent many people out, they will look around the vicinity of Heavenly Dragon City, and if they meet any Underworld Humans, I will send out my best to attack them." Long Jiuxiao said: "Other than that, I have also sent over a hundred elite teams to hunt for Underworld Humans. These people are evil, their methods are cruel, and their deaths are not worth lamenting about!"