Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

This was also the reason why Chen Xiang came here.

"I’m going to tell you about the matters of the Underworld Humans s." Chen Xiang immediately got up from the Underworld Clan, Crystal-creation Race and the recently broken Star-creation Race. He told Long Jiuxiao about this and told him to react.

"Senior Jiu Xiao, if possible, you can personally make a trip to the Medicine God Mountain Villa and look for the Medicine God. You can work together in secret." Chen Xiang said: "And I will think of a way to break Medicine-creation Divine Continent’s barrier and seize it."

Medicine-creation Divine Continent was under the control of the Crystal-creation Race, which used the Nine Divine Tree’s power to raise a large number of beasts. At the same time, they controlled a few other Creation Race.

From the looks of it, the Crystal-creation Race is already considered to be the ruler of the entire Most Ancient Era!

"Alright, I will make a trip to the Medicine God Mountain Villa. If I succeed, we will establish the Transmission array." Long Jiuxiao said: "Our Heavenly Dragon City s also have an extremely strong dao of pills. When we cooperate with your Medicine God Mountain Villa again, we will definitely be even more powerful."

"En, I will think of a way for you to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source next!" Then, he gave Long Jiuxiao over a dozen Doppelgänger mantra Soul Stones, and told him the use of the Doppelgänger mantra Soul Stone.

Let Long Jiuxiao split these Paternoster soul stone.

"I just want to go to the God of Healing." "It’s already C to om region. I’ll be back in a while!" Chen Xiang said. He still had something important, and that was to find Long Yue. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Alright!" nodded. Now, he already knew the specific situation of the Most Ancient Era from Chen Xiang, and he did not know much before, but he never expected it to be so complicated.

At least they were still unable to find out the specific situation of the Medicine-creation Divine Continent.

Chen Xiang returned to the Hundreds of Flowers Village, went to find Lv Qilian, and chatted with her for a while. Then, he returned to look for the Smoke Charming.

"Chen Xiang, you must find Yue Yue. Don’t let anything happen to her." Smoke Charming seemed to like it here, because she was able to learn Chen Xiang’s pill techniques and knew a lot of things about Chen Xiang.

"Alright, can you help me protect Hundreds of Flowers Village ... Furthermore, if the Heavenly Dragon City is attacked, you have to make your move as well. " Chen Xiang said.

"I know!" Smoke Charming was already very familiar with Su Meiyao and the others. After all, she was a Dan Devil, and her alchemy skills were superb.

"Chen Xiang, I will leave a clone behind!" Xiao Xianglin suddenly came out of You Yao Mountain Villa, revealing one of her clones, "I’ll go find Meng Er and the rest. Furthermore, I have a clone here, so I can find out about the situation in time."

Chen Xiang nodded and then went over to Xue Xianxian and the others’ side. They saw the white fox and Dongfang Jing doing something and felt extremely happy when they saw Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin had arrived.

The White Fox was Xiao Xianglin’s disciple. After being with Liu Meng’er and the others for so long, he had become even more proficient in equipment forging.

When Xiao Xianglin saw Xue Xianxian and the others, he immediately took out the disk that the Hell Divine Lord had given her.

"This is a very big project!" Xu Youqing only took a look before letting out a long sigh.

"Hm!" I can’t do it alone, I need your help. " Xiao Xianglin nodded, the reason why she left a clone here.

"This also requires a very powerful energy source!" Liu Meng’er frowned.

"In the Most Ancient Era, where can we find such an energy source?" Xue Xianxian let out a long sigh: "Otherwise, it would be hard to maintain the activation of this great formation."

"Medicine-creation Divine Continent!" Chen Xiang said: "So I must get the Medicine-creation Divine Continent back!"

The Medicine-creation Divine Continent’s Nine Divine Tree signified an energy source, but these energy sources were hidden in mysterious places, and one would need to use Chuangyuan key to open them.

"It’s up to you!" Xiao Xianglin said.

"I will definitely succeed!" After Chen Xiang left the courtyard, he found Xue Ying, this phoenix, and brought her along with him.

Originally, he had planned to look for Long Xueyi, Leng Youlan, and Long Huishan but they had all gone out, so he could only bring Xue Ying along, as she belonged to a divine beast.

After Chen Xiang left the Hundreds of Flowers Village, he headed towards there.

"Through Long Yue’s dragon scales, we should be able to find her." Xiao Xianglin said.

At this time, Mei Jing Sisters was telling Xue Ying some things. The reason Chen Xiang brought her was to find, the Beast-creation Race Emperor.

Back then, Chu Jinfeng had awakened a very strong power, as if it had passed through some kind of ceremony in the Beast-creation Race. He remembered that Long Yue had once told him that the phoenix was a relatively rare divine beast, and its hidden strength was very strong.

The First Beast-creation Ancestor himself possessed a certain level of immortal bloodline, so later on, he would become like that. When the First Beast-creation Ancestor was creating beasts, the Phoenix inherited this kind of strong immortal power.

"So the things outside were so complicated. I went out everywhere to kill a group of Underworld Humans. These guys are all very strong." Xue Ying said.

"First, go find Long Yue, and see if she has any way to activate the strongest power in your body. If you succeed, you might not even have a true immortal body, but you might even be able to condense World Defying Stage Divine Source." Chen Xiang said.

"En!" Xue Ying was looking forward to seeing that: "If I had mastered a powerful skill, I would be able to fight alongside you!"

"That’s right!" Chen Xiang laughed.

Within the Hundreds of Flowers Village, there were many women who were experts in battle. Most of them had gone out to kill the Underworld Humans, while the likes of Bai Youyou and Bai Ziqian, were all the captains of their own squads.

Chen Xiang rushed straight to the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, and a few days later, he arrived outside the barrier around the Medicine-creation Divine Continent.

"The powerful fellow who personally followed me last time should be the Crystal-creation Race Emperor. I’m here now, and I haven’t seen him come out either, right?" After Chen Xiang cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, he was no longer afraid of Golden Fire Arrogant Lord.

"This barrier has strengthened again!" After Xiao Xianglin came out, he said while frowning: "I can break it, but it will take quite some time ... I will go and refine an array disc now. You go look for the First Beast-creation Ancestor first, Long Yue will probably look for him first. "

Xiao Xianglin had already said this before, if she was able to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Source, she might be able to break through the strong barrier that was protecting Medicine-creation Divine Continent. At this moment, she had already asked one of her clones to start refining the array disc, while her original body was trying to comprehend the Star Creation Stone.

... ....

The area of the altar that sealed the First Beast-creation Ancestor was a thousand miles, the soil on the ground was pitch black, and it was filled with Evil Qi, and it was completely soaked with black evil blood.

"It’s the blood of the Evil beast!" Chen Xiang grabbed a handful of soil and felt it, then he frowned: "Could it be that Long Yue is here to kill Evil beast?"

He rushed to the altar!

The altar had already turned pitch black, and the ground was littered with all sorts of corpses that looked like humans. They were all broken to pieces, and there was even a mountain piled up!

It was formed from the creation of a beast in human form!

After Chen Xiang arrived, she immediately saw Long Yue. She was panting while standing on the head of a huge black tiger, the scales on her body were already tattered and many dragon scales were dropped.

On the altar, next to the First Beast-creation Ancestor, stood a handsome man wearing gorgeous golden armor. He held a spear in his hand, looking majestic and his face filled with pride.

"Long Yue, you should give up your position as the Beast-creation Race Emperor!" The man said coldly.