Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Zuo Xingfeng waved his hand. A purple aura rose from the center of his palm, and then, it pressed down. The explosive purple light whistled into the air, heavily smashing onto the body of the Crystal-creation Race Emperor, pressing it down into a purple mist and then being absorbed by the Purple fire tree.

After Chen Xiang walked out, he frowned: "Did I sense a very strong aura just now? Why did it disappear? "

"That guy is the Crystal-creation Race Emperor, he has already been killed by us." Zuo Xingfeng laughed loudly. "You’re late."

"You guys are so fast!" Seeing that Zuo Xingfeng and Zuo Xingfeng had such powerful strength, he was secretly happy in his heart.

"Chen Xiang, leave the things here to us!" Yu Weizhou said: "There’s no need for you to worry, come back after a while, I promise that things will definitely get better here."

"Then I am relieved." Chen Xiang nodded and smiled.

"Even if the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord comes back, we are not afraid of him. We will no longer seal them in our Medicine-creation Divine Continent." Zuo Xingfeng said.

Even if they relied on the power of the divine tree, it would still be difficult for them to resist the Crystal-creation Race and the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord. But now that they had cultivated the World Defying Stage Divine Source, they could obtain even more powerful energy from the divine tree.

Chen Xiang went to look for Long Yue, who was also newly in control of the Beast-creation Race.

"The situation in Most Ancient Era should be more or less stable by now. Hell Divine Lord is leading the Demon Hunt Squad to deal with the Hell Race, while the others are going to deal with the few Star-creation Race s." Long Yue said.

"No, Golden Fire Arrogant Lord will definitely return!" Chen Xiang said: "Before that, I must protect Medicine-creation Divine Continent well."

"There must be a lot of Hell Clan. I’ll go and reinforce the Hell Divine Lord!" Long Yue said. After all, she was in control of a large group of beasts and this was a force to be reckoned with.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded, and he returned to the valley.

There was only First Beast-creation Ancestor here in the valley. Although he had an indestructible body, his strength was far inferior to Oldest Tree and Uncle Shi.

"In less than ten days, the matter with the Medicine-creation Divine Continent was solved?" The First Beast-creation Ancestor laughed.

"En!" Chen Xiang smiled and sat on a stone bench: "You were saved by me, according to the agreement ... You should teach me the power of the indestructible body. "

After that, Chen Xiang called Xue Ying out.

"Phoenix? She already has an indestructible body, but she hasn’t completely awakened that kind of power! " First Beast-creation Ancestor said as he waved his hand, releasing a ball of fiery red light that floated into Xue Ying’s forehead and into his body.

Xue Ying was suddenly enveloped by flames.

"Just wait a while!" First Beast-creation Ancestor said, "Even though she looked like she was being burned by a strong flame, she will be fine."

Chen Xiang originally wanted Long Yue to help, but Long Yue said that he did not have enough power, so he came to First Beast-creation Ancestor right now.

"What about me?" Chen Xiang said while grinning.

"You can’t be left out!" The First Beast-creation Ancestor laughed and said, "Give me your hand, I’ll check."

After Chen Xiang reached out his hand, the First Beast-creation Ancestor grabbed onto his wrist and quickly sensed that there was an extremely terrifying power in his body.

"It should be the power of that dragon." The First Beast-creation Ancestor said with a frown.

Chen Xiang immediately released his attack on Scarlet Dragon!

"This dragon is far more powerful than I expected. It is truly a miracle that you are able to control it." First Beast-creation Ancestor looked at the small Scarlet Dragon and sighed.

Killing Crimson Dragons was also the strongest portion of power on Chen Xiang’s body right now. After being separated into two parts by the Doppelgänger mantra and then merged into one, it would become even more frightening.

First Beast-creation Ancestor congealed into a black crystal.

"Let your dragon eat it!" Just as First Beast-creation Ancestor finished speaking, the Scarlet Dragon came over and swallowed it.

"Alright then ... He lost control just now! " Chen Xiang laughed bitterly: "Sometimes I really can’t control it!"

"It’s a good thing that you only want to eat. If you can’t control the brutal side, you have to make a prompt decision ..." The First Beast-creation Ancestor said. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"I understand!" Chen Xiang nodded.

"Initial God-creation Realm and those fellows always want to cultivate an indestructible body, but they were never able to cultivate a strong life World Defying beast, and I can only teach them to beasts." The First Beast-creation Ancestor said, "After your body is severely injured, all you need to do is for this dragon to release its power."

"I just want to give it a try right now... Do I really have an indestructible body like you? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course, but it’s best not to try. It’s not a good feeling!" The First Beast-creation Ancestor laughed bitterly, he had kept this kind of torture to himself for many years.

There were many strong fellows in the Initial God-creation Realm who were able to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source, but none of them were able to torture him to death.

"Senior, how do we enter the Initial God-creation Realm using Chuangyuan key?" Chen Xiang asked.

"You want to go to Initial God-creation Realm?" First Beast-creation Ancestor asked.

"In the future, I will open a barrier, and at that time, it will be like hell for those who can cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source, and I also have to go to Initial God-creation Realm, and eliminate all those who want to destroy Most Ancient Era." Chen Xiang said.

"If you go to the Initial God-creation Realm first, you only need to use your heart to make the Chuangyuan key sense your strong desire to go to the Initial God-creation Realm, and you will be able to go." The First Beast-creation Ancestor said: "Of course, you better not be anxious right now, wait for your barrier to be completed before talking about this again. Otherwise, if you get chased here from Initial God-creation Realm, then they will chase you here.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded: "I wonder if they can deal with the fellows from Star-creation Race?"

"Don’t worry, Uncle Shi and Oldest Tree were born just to deal with Star-creation Race. Back then, Star-creation Race and the rest were already very strong, but we ancestors couldn’t do anything about them." The First Beast-creation Ancestor said.

"Could it be that it was them who had sealed the Star-creation Race back then?" Chen Xiang said.

"They were the ones who defeated Star-creation Race. However, at that time, their strength was not enough to kill him, so he could only seal them in hell." First Beast-creation Ancestor recalled the past: "And I should also have died ... ... Then I killed. "After killing Xiao Yue’s mother, I obtained her power by accident, so I had an indestructible body. I have never told anyone about this secret."

"Thus, everyone is only guessing at why I possess the Immortal Body."

"Sister Yue, must her mother really die?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, she even wanted to kill Xiao Yue to threaten me, and wanted to control my Beast-creation Race!" First Beast-creation Ancestor sighed, "I saw that she was hopeless, so I decided to kill her!"

"Does Sister Yue know about this?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"She doesn’t know. But she gradually learned. " First Beast-creation Ancestor let out a long sigh, "It seems that she no longer hates me."