Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Although Long Yue no longer hated First Beast-creation Ancestor, he still had a strange feeling towards him. Chen Xiang could feel that he would gradually recover better in the future. →,

"Golden Fire Arrogant Lord will come back soon. It’s best if your barrier is completed quickly, otherwise, once they arrive, they will definitely attack Medicine-creation Divine Continent." First Beast-creation Ancestor looked up at the sky: "Our ancestors’ powers were restricted, it was difficult for us to increase them, that’s all! Whether you can protect Most Ancient Era will depend on you juniors. "

"The enchantment should be ready soon. Once I can successfully lay it down, I will head to the Initial God-creation Realm! Completely eliminate those fellows above who have been wanting to destroy the Most Ancient Era. " Chen Xiang said.

"The people in the Initial God-creation Realm today are the descendants of all the ancestors. They had always thought that the entire Most Ancient Era belonged to them, so when the Most Ancient Era was being destroyed, they didn’t have any scruples." Back then, the reason we created the Most Ancient Era was to create a colorful world. "

"Then who created you ancestors?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Naturally." The First Beast-creation Ancestor continued, "We were also confused about where we came from, who created us, and we spent a long time searching for the answer. In the end, we came up empty-handed, and because we felt lonely, we created the Most Ancient Era. In the end, only the Tao-creation Divine Lord and the Hell Divine Lord remained unchanged. "

"At this time, your strength is already very strong. Furthermore, you have obtained my inheritance and have an Immortal Body. If you go to the Initial God-creation Realm, you will definitely be able to look down on everything." First Beast-creation Ancestor asked, "What do you plan to do?"

"I do not understand Initial God-creation Realm, I only know that Golden Fire Arrogant Lord must be eliminated." Chen Xiang said: "What I want to do next will depend on the situation." Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

First Beast-creation Ancestor nodded.

"Senior, I’ll take my leave first." Chen Xiang wanted to return to the Hundreds of Flowers Village. Xiao Xianglin said that the array disc was almost done refining.

"Goodbye!" First Beast-creation Ancestor bid farewell to Chen Xiang with a smile.

When Chen Xiang returned to the Hundreds of Flowers Village, they had already created an array disc!

"It’s pretty fast!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"It’s not too hard!" Xiao Xianglin laughed: "Actually, the main reason is because I obtained the inheritance of the Star Creation Soul Stone!"

"What’s the inheritance of the Star Creation Stone?" Chen Xiang was secretly curious, that was something that Long Yue and Smoke Charming would risk their lives to obtain.

"It allows one to quickly comprehend all kinds of incantations ..." I believe that it is the memory of the Founder, formed using the incantation. " Xiao Xianglin said.

"Where is the rock Sister Yue gave you?" Isn’t that the incantation of the world above? " Chen Xiang asked.

"I’m about to grasp it. That seems to be the incantation for condensing the Star Creation Stone." Xiao Xianglin said: "It might be beneficial to you in refining the pills!"

Chen Xiang held onto the array disc, and went to the center of the Medicine-creation Divine Continent, where the sky above the Medicine-creation Divine Continent was currently enveloped by a golden cloud. He raised his head to look, and saw Golden Fire Arrogant Lord standing on top of a giant golden bird, bringing along countless of golden-armoured men.

Yu Weizhou and Zuo Xingfeng had already flown up with their people, but Chen Xiang swiftly entered the Purple fire tree s, passed through a passage, and entered the Primordial Divine Origin Dimension.

He quickly placed the array disc at the center of the Divine Origin space, and then activated the array disc, activating the mystical energy inside it. In a few seconds, it spread throughout the entire Most Ancient Era!

"Is this considered a success?" Chen Xiang was not sure, when he came outside, he could sense that the great formation of the Medicine-creation Divine Continent was about to be broken. This time, the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord had brought over ten experts who had managed to cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source, and the people who attacked the formation were only people who had developed Divine Qi.

Chen Xiang released a clone, and asked the clone to use the power of the divine origin. The moment the power of the divine origin surged out of the body, it was immediately teleported away by a strong force of spatial energy.

"It’s a success!" Chen Xiang rejoiced inwardly, and then flew up high.

Golden Fire Arrogant Lord saw Chen Xiang and was immediately enraged. "Chen Xiang is right here! Let’s attack together and break the barrier!"

Yu Weizhou and Zuo Xingfeng were shocked, but they noticed that Chen Xiang had an extremely calm expression.

"The Spirit Formation has been successfully laid. There is no need to be afraid of them." Chen Xiang laughed.

Just as Golden Fire Arrogant Lord and more than ten other elders attacked, they suddenly disappeared!

When the people from Golden Fire Arrogant Lord saw this, they were all very surprised!

"It’s the Law of Hell!" An elder shouted in shock, "The Law of Hell has appeared in the Most Ancient Era ... But that’s impossible! "

"What’s impossible?" Chen Xiang laughed out loud, "You bunch of dogs from the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord, it’s already too late for you to run."

A large group of gigantic bird beasts flew over from afar, howling as they flew, it was the beast creation that Long Yue controlled!

Yu Weizhou and Zuo Xingfeng heaved a sigh of relief, because Chen Xiang had successfully laid out the laws of hell. Anyone who could cultivate World Defying Stage Divine Source would be teleported away by the powerful Time and space power whenever they used their powers to fight.

"Looks like we can only concoct pills in the future." Zuo Xingfeng laughed: "That’s good too!"

Countless birds beasts rushed over, causing the army brought by Golden Fire Arrogant Lord to scatter. However, some of the stronger people still brought some people and ran away.

Golden Fire Arrogant Lord and the rest of the ten plus people were all teleported to different parts of the Most Ancient Era and would not be able to return for a while. In the future, they would not be able to commit any evil deeds here.

In just half an hour, all the golden mist in the sky above Medicine-creation Divine Continent dissipated, and all the troops brought by Golden Fire Arrogant Lord retreated. Without the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord and the rest, it would be extremely difficult for them to deal with the innumerable birds and beasts.

"Golden Fire Arrogant Lord and the rest should have returned to Initial God-creation Realm as well! They will definitely think of ways to come back. " Chen Xiang said.

Yu Weizhou and Zuo Xingfeng both understood what Chen Xiang meant. Chen Xiang was going to the Initial God-creation Realm!

"Before, Golden Fire Arrogant Lord ran over, but now, it’s me who is looking for him." Chen Xiang laughed and then held the Chuangyuan key tightly. He didn’t want to think about going to the Initial God-creation Realm.

Then, the space around him started to distort and distort, while Chen Xiang’s body was slowly engulfed by the distorted space!

In a flash before his eyes, Chen Xiang arrived at a place that was surrounded by volcanoes. Furthermore, the sky was covered by a large amount of ash that flickered with astonishing lightning.

"Is this the Initial God-creation Realm?" After Chen Xiang arrived, he felt that it was inconceivable, because this place was like a land of death, and just like the Initial Evil-creation Realm, it was far inferior to the Initial Thunder-creation Realm!

"That should be it!" Looks like they were exiled here by the Tao-creation Divine Lord. " Xiao Xianglin laughed: "Logically speaking, they shouldn’t be able to return to the Most Ancient Era!"