Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Aren’t there nine hegemons here?" Chen Xiang flew into the air, and it was the same everywhere he went. He then rode his Six Realms mirrors and flew quickly.

"We don’t know anything about the Initial God-creation Realm!" Xiao Xianglin said: "This place is definitely not where we imagined it to be!"

Chen Xiang had thought that the Initial God-creation Realm was a very beautiful place, but he didn’t expect it to be like this.

After flying above the Initial God-creation Realm for a period of time, he saw many traces of intense battles that destroyed the earth.

"It seems that they were not at all at ease here!" Aside from the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord, there are also other hegemons here. They must have fought quite a lot here. "

After Chen Xiang flew for a while, he sensed other auras.

"Could it be that the battle here just happened?" Chen Xiang stopped.

"It should have happened recently." Xiao Xianglin said: "Then you have to be careful, maybe an Overlord level person!"

Just as Xiao Xianglin finished speaking, a strong burst of killing intent approached him. Just as Chen Xiang reacted, his body was struck by the berserk Thunder power.

The attack came from high up in the sky, but when Chen Xiang got hit by the power, he landed heavily on the ground!

"It’s the Star-creation Race!" was extremely shocked. Earlier, the Oldest Tree and the Uncle Shi had already gone to deal with the Star-creation Race, but now they appeared here!

"How did they get here?"

Although Chen Xiang’s body was severely injured, he was indestructible and quickly recovered.

"He’s here!" Chen Xiang immediately dodged to the side, only to see a mass of air, condensed from the berserk Thunder power explode down, hitting the ground and ripping a piece of the ground open.

Chen Xiang immediately released his doppelgänger. After borrowing the doppelgänger’s power, he jumped up fiercely and rushed towards the Starlord who was hiding high above in the thick clouds.

The moment he climbed up, the thick clouds above him exploded into a dense electric net. He crashed into the electric net and was struck by the powerful lightning. He roared, the power of killing the scarlet dragon gushed out, forcing the lightning out, then blasting apart the thick clouds in the sky.

"This Star Creator shouldn’t be like the ones we met before." Xiao Xianglin said: "Very scary, you must be careful!"

After cultivating World Defying Stage Divine Source, World Defying Stage Divine Source was also divided into strong and weak, and Chen Xiang had met this star creator, whose World Defying Stage Divine Source was also the strongest!

After Chen Xiang shattered the thick clouds, a whizzing sound could be heard. It was as if the heaven and earth was filled with countless lightning bolts, and everything within a million miles was covered in lightning.

The berserk lightning of all colors, was like a sudden rain, and the vast majority of them charged towards Chen Xiang!

Chen Xiang took out his Six Realms mirrors s and blocked all of the lightning bolts.

"You must be from Most Ancient Era! You can come here, could it be that you have control of the Initial God-creation Realm? Great, as long as I obtain the Initial God-creation Realm, I can leave this place, haha ... " A fiendish laugh came from the sky.

"Who are you?" Chen Xiang fought with all his might against the lightning, but this man’s strength far surpassed that of the Golden Fire Arrogant Lord.

"If Initial God-creation Realm is me, then I am Initial God-creation Realm!" That person laughed loudly. "The overlords above here were all killed by me just now. They have already become a part of me!"

The Initial God-creation Realm had actually turned into a human? Chen Xiang was shocked! In other words, he was in this person’s body!

"Have you just transformed into a human? Why is there the aura of the Star-creation Race in your body? " Chen Xiang was thinking of a way, but at this moment, he could not see where this Domain Demon was located.

"Star-creation Race? They were created by me! " "The Initial God-creation Realm gave birth to the Tao-creation Divine Lord and the others, but they sealed me!"

"I’ve waited for so many years, and finally you’ve come!"

Chen Xiang could not help but curse inwardly. He had originally thought that he would come here to eliminate Golden Fire Arrogant Lord and the others, but he did not expect that he would fall into this fellow’s trap.

"Chen Xiang, use the Arcane Art!" Xiao Xianglin suddenly shouted, "I have already eaten that piece of rock. Two levels of Paternoster soul stone, after you eat it, I will know how to use it!"

Chen Xiang immediately took a Paternoster soul stone from Xiao Xianglin’s body. After eating it, complicated information about the Arrogant Curse poured into his mind.

He did not know how to use the Arcane Art, but he wanted to use it to its full potential.

Countless bolts of lightning turned into electric serpents and charged forward crazily. However, Chen Xiang’s body suddenly shook as a gold-red mist appeared.

The red-gold gas turned into lines of killing red dragons. After condensing into the incantation, it turned into a black vortex. Surrounding the vortex were three killing red dragons!

The vortex erupted with a powerful devouring force. The lightning that came from all directions was completely absorbed by the vortex!

"Heavenly Alchemy!" Chen Xiang immediately used the strange pill refining techniques that he had not used for many years, allowing the whirlpool to engulf everything in its path.

The Domain Demons were the Initial God-creation Realm s. As long as they could devour and refine everything here, it would be equivalent to killing the Domain Demons!

Chen Xiang stood under the whirlpool and was not affected at all. The Domain Demon also realized the threat of the whirlpool and started to attack crazily, absorbing all the energy that came out!

As long as he attacked Chen Xiang, the lightning would be devoured by the whirlpool the moment it got near!

"I will refine you!" Chen Xiang roared out loud, condensing a gigantic Magic method furnace. After enveloping the gigantic black vortex in the sky, he activated the Heavenly Alchemy, speeding up his devouring process.

"How did you do it?" "That’s impossible!" The domain demons couldn’t believe it. They roared loudly.

The broken ground continued to shake, and a large amount of rock and soil floated up, surging towards the Magic method furnace’s whirlpool.

In a short moment, the entire place was covered in darkness, the Magic method furnace shone with a red light, and the entire Initial God-creation Realm was engulfed. Such a terrifying devouring force made Chen Xiang feel extremely terrified.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Is it over?" Chen Xiang frowned: "Alright, since it has become like this, I will continue to refine!"

Initial God-creation Realm was condensed into a large ball of red light mist, and he was going to condense this large ball of golden energy mist into a pill!

"Master, help me!" Chen Xiang shouted.

"Alright!" Xiao Xianglin immediately gave Chen Xiang a huge amount of pressure. Using the incantations she controlled and all sorts of seals, she was pulled back by the trembling ball of red light.

"It’s very difficult!" Xiao Xianglin shouted. The energy was too vast, it was hard to compress.

"I must succeed!" Chen Xiang frowned: "Only in this way will we be able to kill that guy!"

Xiao Xianglin and Chen Xiang combined their power and slowly shrunk that gigantic ball of red light mist!

Like this, 10,000 years passed. The light fog had shrunk by quite a bit, but to condense it into a pill, it would still take a much longer time!

20,000 years. 30,000 years. 50,000 years. 100,000 years ....

A million years had passed. Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin sighed in relief as they looked at the slowly falling golden pellet.

"Do you want to eat it?" Xiao Xianglin was a little excited.

Chen Xiang caught the golden pellet in his hand, but he could feel the pellet trembling violently!

"What happens if I eat it?" Chen Xiang frowned, and used all his strength to hold onto the pill: "I feel like I can’t hold it back any longer! He’s going to explode! "

"If you eat it, you will become a new world, a perfect world!" Suddenly, a voice came out, Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin looked towards the direction of the voice, only to see a kind old man with white hair smiling at them.

"Tao-creation Divine Lord!" Chen Xiang shouted in shock: "Didn’t you die?"

"To me, death is just another state of existence." Tao-creation Divine Lord smiled slightly: "I have already transcended life and death, life and death are all the same to me."

"What if I consume this pill?" What will happen? " Chen Xiang asked.

"As I said, you will become a world!" Tao-creation Divine Lord laughed: "You will forever experience the wonders of that world!"

"What about me?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"You will not exist! But so what? You have grasped super strong power and are eternal. There is no meaning for you to live anymore, you should create a new era! " The Tao-creation Divine Lord said.

"I won’t eat!" Chen Xiang said.

"Why?" Tao-creation Divine Lord was puzzled: "This is a very rare opportunity, and one that I have always been pursuing, I did not succeed in creating the era of the Myriad Tao!"

Xiao Xianglin nodded at Chen Xiang: "Because we need him!"

"You don’t need him anymore! He had already arranged everything in the Most Ancient Era. The Most Ancient Era would develop in an orderly manner and would not be threatened with destruction anymore! If he is not in Most Ancient Era, you all will be able to live a good life. Furthermore, you all are already considered the strongest existences in Most Ancient Era. " The Tao-creation Divine Lord said, "I am clear about the matters of the Most Ancient Era!"

"Chen Xiang, do you think so? Your friends, your relatives no longer need you. They no longer need your powerful strength to protect them.

It makes sense because they are the ones who have me. Perhaps they no longer need my powerful strength, but if I lose this power, they will not abandon me. This is our relationship. After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he threw the pellet in his hand towards Tao-creation Divine Lord. "Thank you for creating the Most Ancient Era, for creating the era of the Myriad Tao, for allowing me to have a brilliant life, and allowing me to become a good friend of all kinds!"

"I’ll give you this perfect new era as a token of my gratitude!"

Tao-creation Divine Lord received the pellet and laughed loudly: "Good! For someone like you to appear in the era of my creation, it should be considered a perfect era! "

"I don’t want this pill, I’ve already obtained what I was chasing!" Tao-creation Divine Lord threw the pill in his hand far away: "Let him grow on his own, and become a perfect era. Only when he grows to perfection will he truly be perfect!"

"That’s right, Most Ancient Era has grown!" Chen Xiang said, and the surroundings gradually lit up.

Tao-creation Divine Lord’s figure slowly blurred, his smile was filled with satisfaction: "I’m going to explore the new Arrogant Century, I hope to meet you there!"

Xiao Xianglin and Chen Xiang appeared in Medicine-creation Divine Continent!

"Chen Xiang? You came back in ten days? " Yu Weizhou asked in surprise.

"What? Only ten days?" Chen Xiang was very surprised, and then she looked at Xiao Xianglin.

"It could be that everything in the Initial God-creation Realm was engulfed, including time, so time is prohibited there!" Xiao Xianglin said in surprise. They took millions of years to refine that pellet.

Yet Yu Weizhou did not know what they were talking about!

Chen Xiang smiled at Xiao Xianglin: "Come, let’s go back!"

... ....

After that pellet was thrown out by the Tao-creation Divine Lord, it was swallowed by a Scarlet Dragon and then exploded ... A new era was born!

The prideful century would bring the winds and clouds to bear once again! ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!