Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After the Poisonous Scorpion King and his subordinate entered the illusion array, Chen Xiang manipulated the array and created multiple dreamlands, separating all the evil demons completely so as to prevent them from seeing each other. At the same time, he made them enter dungeons, giving them a way to go and thereby scattering them. This way, Chen Xiang would not have to worry about them breaking the array by collaborating with each other.

Hiding inside the illusion array, Chen Xiang wielded the Suppressing Devil Brilliant Mirror as he killed those scattered greater evil demons one after another, and taking their demon hearts out. Previously, he had already done this many times and as such, had become a lot proficient. Very soon, twenty demon hearts were in his hands.

At present, the Poisonous Scorpion King was still inside a beautiful mountain valley. At this moment, he was attacking everything in sight as he too had fallen into an endless confusion. His attacks were extremely powerful. Chen Xiang could feel that monstrous aura emanating from him from far away. However, those powerful attacks were completely neutralized by the large array, the attacks didn’t cause too much of an effect at all.

The Poisonous Scorpion King had long grown tired of this mysterious realm where he never saw the sun. Now, he was feeling happy having arrived at such a picturesque mountain valley, but he did not let his guard down as twenty retinues who had followed him here had suddenly disappeared.

The Poisonous Scorpion King vigilantly walked around the mountain valley. But in fact, there simply wasn’t any mountain valley, everything was created out of Chen Xiang’s imagination and were then fed into the Poisonous Scorpion King’s mind through the array.

“This guy is not so easy to deal with. It seems I have to activate the offensive array inside the array.” If Chen Xiang were to kill this Poisonous Scorpion King, the energy of the illusion array that he had arranged would almost be expended as well.

When Chen Xiang had laid out this illusion array, an offensive array was also arranged inside those spirit patterns. Under Chen Xiang’s control, the energy inside the illusion array began to gather, converging into a terrifying power through those spirit patterns.

RUMBLE Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

A flash of lightning glimmered inside the dark forest as it struck the Poisonous Scorpion King.

The Poisonous Scorpion King let out a loud roar. Meanwhile, Chen Xiang aimed the Suppressing Devil Brilliant Mirror at the Poisonous Scorpion King and released the suppressing devil Yuan Qi that the demons and devils most dreaded.

The suppressing devil Yuan Qi gathered into a beam of limit which shone up the Poisonous Scorpion King’s head. Immediately after, the Poisonous Scorpion King issued blood-curdling wails. Nevertheless, the suppressing devil Yuan Qi failed to melt the Poisonous Scorpion King’s head immediately and was only melting bit by bit.

The Poisonous Scorpion King was extremely powerful, and the same was true for his body. Therefore, Chen Xiang failed to melt his head with the Suppressing Devil Brilliant Mirror at once like before.

Nonetheless, the Poisonous Scorpion King didn’t last for long as his head was completely eroded by the strange power inside the suppressing devil Yuan Qi.

Only after having confirming Poisonous Scorpion King’s death did Chen Xiang rushed over with a flash before forming a claw with his hand and thrusting it towards the Poisonous Scorpion King’s chest. In order to take out the Poisonous Scorpion King’s demon heart instantly, Chen Xiang had released some dragon force and infused it inside the suppressing devil Yuan Qi, so as to strengthen that claw of his.

CHI!

Having his hand pierced the Poisonous Scorpion King’s sturdy chest, Chen Xiang grabbed the demon heart and pulled it out.

The demon heart of Poisonous Scorpion King was just as big as the usual demon hearts. However, it was very bright and was releasing glaring green light, which made Chen Xiang feel as if he was holding a small green sun.

“Truly a great harvest! There is still a lot of energy remaining inside the illusion array, enough to deal with another guy!” exclaimed Chen Xiang in excitement as he returned to the wolf slave’s side and waited. Now, he was only a day away from leaving this mysterious realm.

Having seen Chen Xiang pick off those powerful evil demons under the Poisonous Scorpion King in no time, the wolf slave was shocked endlessly. He suddenly felt he was very clever and had a good luck as well, otherwise, his demon heart would have long been in Chen Xiang’s hand.

Huddled up inside the tree burrow, Chen Xiang used his divine sense to monitor the surrounding, waiting for the fish to enter the net. The Hundred Beasts Dans had been placed inside the array for so long and yet not one was eaten. Nevertheless, they had helped Chen Xiang capture a lot of “fishes”.

After having been waiting for half a day, Chen Xiang fiercely opened his eyes. “They are here!”

What made him somewhat disappointed was that it was not a big fist but just a greater evil demon, one at the level a tribe leader. If it was that so-called evil demon king, maybe he would have brought a bunch of subordinates along with him. And more importantly, that kind of evil demon heart was very good as well.

“It’s an extra large fish! Hahaha, there is actually a human,” stated Long Xueyi, laughing.

Chen Xiang was astounded. He didn’t sense any human. Peering through a small hole, he very soon saw a tall and thin man dressed in black clothes tracking an evil demon with very light agility technique. The evil demon, on the other hand, had a body and buck teeth similar to that of a wild boar.

“That’s Gongsun Jie, the 2nd apprentice of Wang Quan!” Chen Xiang exclaimed in his heart. It was indeed a big fish. Chen Xiang heart started palpitating. At this instance, he was extremely excited. Previously, he had been waiting for Wang Quan’s apprentices to arrive but had given up all hope, however, now Gongsun Jie had delivered himself into Chen Xiang’s hands.

In fact, Gongsun Jie came here following that evil demon. He was following them because he suspected that these evil demons were guarding some kind of treasure. Previously, he had tracked these evil demons a few times already, but later all of them entered their tribe. Although he didn’t find any treasure, he was able to slaughter them heartily.

At this moment, Gongsun Jie failed to discover that there was a dreamland before him. His camouflaging skills were indeed very good. Had Chen Xiang not been warned by Long Xueyi, Chen Xiang would have failed to notice him.

In the darkness, the black clothes that Gongsun Jie wore had allowed him to integrate with the pitch-black leaves of the forest. His movements were also extremely light and silent, just like a gentle breeze.

Meanwhile, the boar-man had already entered the illusion array’s area of effect; however, Chen Xiang had still not activated the dreamland, he was waiting for Gongsun Jie to enter as well. This time, he did not need to fight like when he fought with Wan Xuan. This time, finishing one of Wang Quan’s apprentice would be even more relaxed as he had the support of the illusion array.

When Gongsun Jie had advanced by hundred steps deep inside the illusion array, he suddenly found himself in a picturesque valley. He was seeing the same things as the Poisonous Scorpion King did before. In contrast, the wild boar suddenly found himself in a hell. He only saw a flash of golden light before his demon heart was pulled out.

“This...this is an illusion array! Who... who in the bloody hell arranged it? I am the second apprentice of Wang Quan, the Divine Martial Palace lord!” Gongsun Jie immediately shouted as soon as he realized that this was an illusion array.

Whereupon, Chen Xiang who was feeling all complacent suddenly frowned as he swore in his heart, for the energy of the illusion array had just run out.

Soon after Gongsun Jie started shouting, the picturesque mountain valley blurred as those black trees once again came into his view.

“Chen Xiang!” Gongsun Jie noticed Chen Xiang’s silhouette far away and recognized him at first glance, which surprised Gongsun Jie even more so. He didn’t expect that Chen Xiang was someone who could actually lay out such a powerful array. Having thought that the illusion array belonged to Chen Xiang, his back was suddenly drenched in cold sweat.

Even so, Gongsun Jie was still furious. “Chen Xiang, what about that pig? That was my prey!”