Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 44:Special Gift

Translated and edited by:Ash

Engulfing devil skill!Heard this, Chen Xiang suddenly got shocked, he stood there in daze like a statue, passers-by were looking at him with a strange look in their eyes.

"Do not be surprised, if not for this, my devil will not be called devil skill!Engulfing devil skill has three rules.First, never engulf anyone with huge difference between his and your power level.Second, never engulf a good person, otherwise you will feel guilty and will have evil thoughts, at last will lead you to turn into a devil.Third, never allow anyone to know you have this devil skill, otherwise you will be besieged by the right way martial artists."

Listening to Bai Youyou ice cold voice, Chen Xiang complexion turned more and more solemn, this devil skill is indeed formidable, you can seize others power level, but he also knew that if he frequently used this devil skill it will have a big effect on his cultivation. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"After you cast this once, you have to make sure you have refined all of their engulfed true Qi, furthermore you have to make sure that the entire true Qi is pure as much as possible, otherwise you will never be able to engulf a second time."Bai Youyou voice was cold as well as serious.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath, to cast this devil skill, he have to prepare his heart.

"I will now pass it on to you, casting this devil skill you have to be careful that there must be no other person present, and as you engulf other person he will definitely die."While Bai Youyou spoke, she also transferred some information in his mind using her divine sense, this information was the casting method of Engulfing devil skill.

It is possible to engulf other power with this skill, although this exercise is malicious, but on the other hand it is also very profound, so Chen Xiang was very eager to understand this profound Engulfing devil skill, he wants to see through every ins and outs of this skill.

"Do not presume to see through this devil skill, not to mention you, even I do not have the ability, this devil skill creator was one peerless genius, every exercise he ever created was great as well as frightening."Admiration could clearly be felt in Bai Youyou’s voice.

Chen Xiang also started to admire this man, after getting the devil skill Chen Xiang starts walking toward the Black wind gang location, Black wind gang is one of the underworld gang in King city, although on surface it is clean, but they have been secretly responsible for a lot of shady things going on inside King city, they had even set up a headquarter in King city, from this Chen Xiang determined Black wind gang certainly have a patron inside king city, and he suspected this patron is none other than Yao family.

Since the disappearance of Yao Tianhua and that Yao family elder, most of the underworld gangs were destroyed, but Black wind gang was still there, from this anyone can easily determine there must be a reason.

Black wind gang tried to assassinate him, Chen Xiang certainly will not let go of them.

Chen Xiang saw a big mansion in some distance, while loud sounds were bursting out from the inside and he could even hear it at that distance, after some time Chen Xiang finally remembered that a few days ago Black wind gang started preparing for their leaders 70th birthday, and this birthday feast is now being held.

Chen Xiang’s mouth slightly rose, revealing a cold smile, Black wind gang sent people to kill him, and they have certainly acquired lot of benefits, but moreover they think they have succeeded.

Although there is a rule that’nobody can fight inside King city’, but for personal matter it was still possible to fight, not to mention they tried to assassinate Chen Xiang.

At this time Black wind gang’s mansion front door suddenly opened up, and dozens of guard came from inside, when they saw Chen Xiang’s attire was neither magnificent nor luxurious, they hastily put away their drink and asked:"Who are you?"

Chen Xiang glanced at them like they were nothing, with a look of disdain said:"Chen Xiang of Dan king hall!"

Those dozen or so guards suddenly got surprised for a moment, they have already heard of Chen Xiang but have never seen him, they have not expected for Chen Xiang to come here, but today is their leader’s birthday, furthermore Black wind gang and Yao family are very close, and now that he had appeared here, they can easily guess his purpose.

"What are you doing here?Our chief never invited you!"One of the guard said, his tone was neither tough nor harsh, he didn’t dare to, after all Chen Xiang is but one 7th realm of mortal martial realm martial artists, even more so he is one of the youngest alchemist, his status cannot be compared with Chen Xiang.

One of the guard ran quickly to inform, these guards are not able to handle this kind of matter, and Chen Xiang was being sly and difficult, he was simply standing in front of the entrance.

Not too long after, the noises from inside died down, from his divine sense he gathered many with strength from fifth to seventh level of mortal martial realm people were coming towards him, Chen Xiang was secretly astonished, he did not think that this Black wind gang leader had contacts with people with that level of strength, unexpectedly he also knew that person very well.

Chen Xiang both hands were behind his back, standing very relaxed in front of the entrance, with a steady gaze watching those congregation of people wearing luxurious gown coming towards him from inside.

These people mostly have middle-aged appearance, Chen Xiang although have been staying in King city for quite some time, but he had no contact with other martial arts family, but he can still guess that these people should have relatively good reputation and position in those martial arts family, even some of them would be patriarch of their family.

Everyone were watching the proud and clank teenager, seeing that calm look on his face, they could not help but secretly praise him inside their hearts, for them it was unbelievable that Chen Xiang is only sixteen year old and their family’s teenaged boys and girls are not even his match.

"Chen family young master, today is my birthday, if it is not a sudden matter, I want to enjoy my birthday, if possible can we discuss it another day."Black wind gang’s leader is one vigorous and healthy elder, the black leather cloak he was wearing gave him a more prestigious look, but when he saw Chen Xiang, a hint of shock flashed through his pair of eagle like eyes.

Chen Xiang also caught on that shocked expression in his eyes, while thinking about it he smiled, with clear and resonant voice said:"Chief Hei, I came here to tell you one thing, today as I was coming from outside, I encountered some people posing as Black wind gang members and I killed them."

Black Wind gang’s leader pupil immediately fiercely contracted, he asked:"How do you know they were not Black wind gang members?"

Chen Xiang slightly raised his lips, smiled and said:"Although they had three hundred people, but------they still were killed by me, I think Black wind gang is not so weak."

As early as today, Black wind gang leader received an information, a fire broke out inside the forest, and they had not heard from those three hundred people they have sent, and now seeing Chen Xiang is back safe and unharmed, chief Hei’s heart sank low with disappointment.

After Black wind gang’s leader heard Chen Xiang words, his facial muscle started twitching, because all those three hundred people were very important to Black wind gang, but he cannot even acknowledge that they were his Black wind gang members.

Several of people standing behind Black wind gang’s leader faces were full of surprise, Chen Xiang guessed that they must have known Black wind gang sent someone to kill him, so these people must be from Yao family.

"I said it right, Chief Hei?Some forces were pretending to be your gang members, they must have wanted to tarnish your reputation."Chen Xiang smiled and said:"I wanted to give you this information myself, consider it as your birthday present from me."

Black wind gang’s leader’s eyes shivered, his eyes were filled with both anger and sorrow, because those three hundred people were led by his son, and his son had said that he and the other wanted to give him Chen Xiang’s head as birthday present, but he has not thought that they all would be killed by Chen Xiang!

"Chen Xiang--------"Black wind gang’s leader suddenly yelled, Chen Xiang halted his steps after he heard the shout.

Chen Xiang twisted his head, while looking indifferent and a smile on his face, he asked:"Chief Hei, what’s the matter?"

Black wind gang’s leader sound was trembling, he reluctantly squeezed out two words from his mouth:"Many thanks!"

"No problem!"Chen Xiang slightly smiled, and then strode away.