Chapter 45:Opening soon Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Translated and Edited By:Ash

Only two days are left until King city martial tournament starts, but still there is no information about Yao family genius Yao Tianhua, due to this whole Yao family were anxiously jumping around, Yao Tianhua is but one rare good seedling that was born in Yao family, although he was somewhat arrogant, but Yao family thought it is natural, but now whether he is alive or death is still unknown, and they don’t have any information.

Chen Xiang returned from Black wind gang mansion, but he did not see his father in Dan king hall.

"GrandUncle, where is my father?"Chen Xiang quickly asks Chen Luzhong.

"He is now alright, you don’t need to worry about him, and he has now returned to Chen family, he is preparing to convene each branch family against Chen Furong!"Chen Luzhong spoke while laughing:"Your father is not someone who will lay down his arms easily, Chen Furong destroyed the Chen family rules and regulations, not only that he injured patriarch but he also tried to meddle in Chen family affairs, furthermore he is also helping Chen family enemies, due to this, Chen Furong must be expelled from Chen family."

Chen Furong just for his selfish reasons is helping out Yao family to deal with Chen family, entire Chen family members are furious due to this, and now Chen Tianhu is treating Chen Furong as number one enemy of Chen family, only after getting rid of this problem--Chen Furong, will make Chen family unite together and become formidable.

Chen Xiang complexion turned solemn, he asked:"GrandUncle, Chen Furong is one of those martial arts sect’s disciple, is our Chen family prepare to make enemies with that martial arts sect."

Chen Luzhong shook his head and said:"Rest assured, inside those martial arts sect there are rules, if the disciple stir up some trouble and they die due to it, then it’s nobody’s fault but the disciple’s, humph, dignified great sect’s disciple, actually they are just lower characters who are sent here to manage these things, if killed here they couldn’t care less."

If those martial arts sects did not have rules to restrain their disciples, then one martial arts expert can casually dominate the secular world, and then it would be a total chaos.

Chen Xiang now have lot of confidence, if that’s the case, he will not have any other concerns.

"Granduncle, Dan king hall will finally be open for business tomorrow, tell Meng Lao to be ready completely, while you’re at it simultaneously announce it to whole Southern martial empire."Chen Xiang said loudly in an excited voice.

Dan king hall already have lot of pills in reserves, moreover they can restrict their sales anytime they want, furthermore there are many alchemists inside Dan king hall who are continuously refining pills, and also Meng Bo is here, so Chen Xiang is pretty much assured.

Chen Luzhong is also very excited, his old face is full of joy, he already had ambitions to make his mark in King city, but as he did not have enough manpower, he can only stay in Wohu city.

To open a pill shop in King city, you need to have a backing of someone with very strong heritage and strength.

Information spread quickly like a fire, long before the information spread everyone were very much concerned about Dan king hall, they already knew it is managed by Chen family, and Chen and Yao family are hostile to each other, so both will try to seize the market and will compete with their prices, and as a result they will be able to buy pills cheaply, which for those martial artists who are not very wealthy is but one good thing.

Yao family for many, many years have been selling pills alone in King city, Danxiang herbal manor mainly sells spirit herbs, so everyone have no alternative but to buy high-priced pills from Yao family, but not for long, and this will allow them to save them a lot of money.

At night, Chen Xiang took a bath and put on luxurious clothes, while walking towards Danxiang herbal manor when he thinks about that charming manor lord, Chen Xiang’s could not help but got excited a little.

After notifying his arrival, Chen Xiang once again came inside the small hall filled with Hua Yueyun aroma, to his surprise Hua Yueyun was already here waiting for him, when Chen Xiang saw her enchanting figure, he could not help but stand in daze with amazement.

Hua Yueyun was wearing a dress stitched from purple chiffon, but she was not wearing any undergarments, the dress outlining her jade like body features, her clear and well-rounded bosom, slim waist, slender legs, her every move capable of seizing and moving any man’s mind, obsequious in myriads ways, others are not even able to extricate themselves.......Chen Xiang even had trouble breathing, he blushed red up to his ears, his heart crazily starts pounding.

"Chen young master, is little miss pretty?"Hua Yueyun with a cheeky laugh asked in a charming voice, her jade like foot treading lightly on the soft rug as she walkes towards Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang fiercely swallowed his saliva, then sat, he immediately pour himself a cup of tea, and drank it all one breath, dispersing away the heat arose in his body a moment ago, and he did not dare to look at that attractive Hua Yueyun again.

"Chen young master’s control over his mind is very impressive, this little miss is full of admiration, if possible, little miss is willing to attend Chen young master for lifetime, I want to become Chen young master maidservant."

Hua Yueyun faintly said, looking completely sincere, as if she was not capable of telling any lies, she came up with one snow white colour dress to wear, which entirely covered her enticing jade like perfect body, she clearly knew in front of Chen Xiang she will just bring disgrace on herself.

She was almost bare naked standing front of one man, and only able to tempt him slightly, then he even did not take a look at her, which was a big blow to Hua Yueyun.

"Yueyun elder sister, please let off this little brother, do not joke with this little brother!You are so beautiful and strong, so why bother this little brother?"Chen Xiang smiled, because these days Danxiang herbal manor have been selling herbs cheaply to Dan king hall, so he was very grateful, he did not know that this Danxiang herbal manor lord had this kind of hobby, and actually liked to lure young innocent boys.

Hua Yueyun slightly pouted, after a light’Humph’said:"Chen young master, I really want to be your maidservant, I have long been attracted by your charm and cannot get away with it........."

What charm, Chen Xiang do not believe any of the things what Hua Yueyun previously said, he knew this is Hua Yueyun’s goal, it has nothing to do with his charm but she simply fancies his alchemy talent, and wants him to enroll in Danxiang Taoyuan;that alchemy based sect.

Chen Xiang with a hollow laugh said:"Manor lord Hua, I have a fiancée, and if I accept you as my maidservant, that little girl will surely be jealous."

"I know you are looking down on me."Hua Yueyun had a self-deprecating smile on her face:"What did you come here for?"

Chen Xiang took out a small piece of Hell spirit grass and handed it to Hua Yueyun, and seriously spoke:"Yueyun, this is my thank you for providing your help to Dan king hall, and I hope to continue this relationship in the future, I also want you to raise the price a little higher when you sell your herbs to Yao family."

Hua Yueyun unceremoniously took that thumb size Hell spirit grass, albeit only a little, but it was very precious, with a big smile on her face said:"Chen young master is really generous, this little miss will certainly do whatever you order, if this Danxiang herbal manor would have been mine, I would have given you all the spirit herbs for free."

Chen Xiang was startled for a moment, looking at that stunning Yaoxing face, he secretly thought of taking her as his maidservant, but he was worried that this woman has some ulterior motive.

"Dan king hall will open tomorrow, and all of it is managed by my granduncle, I want to start my preparation for King city martial arts tournament so I will not be present, if it is convenient to you, can you come to Dan king hall and advertise about us."Chen Xiang laughed.

"No problem, will do."Hua Yueyun this time was like a maidservant, Chen Xiang wasn’t able to stand it anymore, he and Hua Yueyun talked about several nonsensical stuff and then he quickly departed.

Watching Chen Xiang fleeing like tail between his legs, Hua Yueyun pretty eyes lit up, tenderly spat and said:"Really is a tough brat, even able to defend against my killer move, the more he wants to run, the more I want to get him."

Chen Xiang as always came outside to practice, his goal is to make Chen family reside in this King city, and become one potentially strong martial arts aristocratic family, only after this will he be relieved and go to those big sects, as for Dan king hall he doesn’t care much about it, because it is personally taken care by dan king Meng Bo and Chen Luzhong, furthermore it is tacitly supported by Hua Yueyun, so he is simply focusing on elevating his strength.