Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

On the tenth floor of the Devil Subduing Method, those ten consecutive thunderclaps that shook the heavens struck onto their chests like hammers. The indescribable pressure pressed against their chests, making it hard for them to breathe.

They never thought that after not seeing Chen Xiang for even a short period of time, Chen Xiang would actually become a warrior of the Soul Martial Realm. After using the Dragon Power, those people were no match for him.

They had thought it was strange when they had attacked Leng Youlan and Xue Xianxian together. This was because the strength of the two girls was not low, and it was only because they were holding onto a large egg of a demon beast that they were forced to hide here in order to protect it.

"Brother, don’t let them go. Killing two is no different from killing twenty. Devil-subduing College has long since treated you as a felon." When the violent woman, Leng Youlan, saw how ruthless she was, and saw that Chen Xiang was bleeding all of a sudden, she couldn’t help but shout out in excitement.

Those people now realised that Chen Xiang was not someone who could be judged using common sense. They did have a lot of people, but after seeing Chen Xiang’s methods, they did not have any confidence.

"Quickly go back and report to the academy, tell the elders that Chen Xiang is here." An experienced middle-aged man quickly said and started to run away.

Although it was separated by a hundred steps, Chen Xiang’s claws seemed to have penetrated through space. A white dragon claw that was filled with Dragon Power suddenly appeared on the head of the middle-aged man and with a grab, it directly crushed the middle-aged man’s head. Blood spurted out from his neck like a fountain.

"Don’t even think about escaping." Chen Xiang stomped his feet, causing the surrounding area to tremble, many water vines suddenly rushed out from the ground, binding those who were about to escape. Some of them had already jumped into the air, but they were still wrapped up by the water vines that shot out like lightning, and were being pulled down fiercely.

Seeing that, Leng Youlan immediately gave the Goblin Egg in his hands to Xue Xianxian, took out the big sword refined from her white jade dragon bone, and immediately flew in front of the few men, waving the sword and fiercely slashing at them. These people had previously wanted to snatch her and Xue Xianxian, and wanted to kill them all, but now that it had fallen into her hands, how could she be lenient?

"This is what happens when you try to kill a girl." Leng Youlan remained expressionless as he chopped off the head of one of the lady.

Seeing this, the others all started to plead for mercy, their faces were filled with shock and regret, but Leng Youlan’s big sword was still as cold as ever as it beheaded a woman.

In order to not attract attention from others, Chen Xiang attacked very quickly as well, immediately flying in front of the people who were entangled by the water vines, using Dragon Power s, one palm after another. Following after thunderous rumbling sounds, waves of bloody mist exploded from their backs, as their bodies were pierced through by the berserk Devil Subduing Method.

In a short span of ten breaths, under the quick attacks of Chen Xiang and Leng Youlan, the twenty over people were all killed, they did not even have the chance to wail.

Leng Youlan skillfully took all of these people’s storage treasures, then wiped his own white jade greatsword and let out a carefree and heroic laugh: "Bro, I fought to my heart’s content today, this group of bastards deserved it!"

Chen Xiang glanced at Xue Xianxian and saw him shake his head helplessly. It seemed that she had done this kind of thing with Leng Youlan quite a few times.

Chen Xiang waved his hand, and many balls of flame flew out from the center of his palm, accurately landing on the corpses and heads, burning them into ashes.

Although they were all Soul Martial Realm, their Innate Qi was not as dense as Chen Xiang’s, and after death they would dissipate faster, so they would have no value in devouring, but those Nirvana Stage s were different. Their true qi was so dense that even if they died, they would be unable to dissipate for a while, and as long as they were sealed, he could still use the Devouring magic kungfu to devour the energy.

"Do you guys still want to capture Xuan Beasts?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No need, we have to hurry back to hatch the eggs." Leng Youlan lightly patted the flickering flame on the Goblin Egg in his hands.

This Flame Dragon Eagle is a kind of demonic beast that looks like three parts dragons and seven parts eagles. After it reaches adulthood, it will be extremely powerful and can even take human form.

Chen Xiang took out the Allheaven Gate, opened a spatial door, pulled the two girls inside and appeared in the small house halfway up the mountain.

After returning to the Devil-subduing College, Leng Youlan and Xue Xianxian heaved sighs of relief.

"I want to take a good bath. The days of finding the Xuan Beasts are too boring. Not only did I not find them, I also provoked a group of guys who were soaked in blood." As Leng Youlan spoke, he removed all of the clothes on his body and revealed his beautiful, jade-like body in front of Chen Xiang without any worries.

"Bro, do you want to come along?" This was not the first time she was being seen by Chen Xiang. Furthermore, she was not afraid of being seen by him in the first place.

Chen Xiang saw Xue Xianxian’s helpless expression, he anxiously turned his head, and coughed twice: "No need, go yourself!"

"Sister Xianxian, let’s go." Leng Youlan giggled and ran into the bathroom while dragging Xue Xianxian along.

Chen Xiang looked at the two demon beast eggs on the table that were the same size as watermelons and gently stroked them.

"Incubating an egg is like pouring the same type of energy into it, allowing the little guy inside to absorb it and let it form inside. Once it’s fine, it will shatter on its own." Long Xueyi said.

"I have a Heaven fire soul. Wouldn’t it be better to hatch it with my fire?" Chen Xiang said, about to inject his fire attribute Qi.

But she was stopped by Long Xueyi: "No, if that’s the case, then the little guy inside will not recognize Xianxian and You Lan, and will only recognize you. They really want to be the most pets of a beast, and they also want to cultivate flame.

Chen Xiang touched his nose. He had Long Xueyi, the little dragon, so he would obviously not fall for this kind of thing. If Long Xueyi knew that she was being treated as a beast pet by Chen Xiang, he would definitely be scolded like a dog by this young and tender beauty.

After Leng Youlan and his bath, he hurriedly hugged onto the demon beast egg as if he would get snatched away by Chen Xiang.

"Are you afraid that big brother will want yours?" Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed.

"You already have two. Of course I’m not afraid of you taking them." Leng Youlan scoffed, she was currently concerned about Chen Xiang’s two precious eggs, causing Chen Xiang to be extremely speechless.

Xue Xianxian burst out in laughter: "Brother Xiao Xiang, this Flame Dragon Eagle is very precious to us, we need to hatch quickly and then send it to Divine Weapons Heavenly Country for Master to arrange for people to tame!"

"Mm, go ahead." Chen Xiang smiled slightly.

"Big brother, aren’t you going to play that naked game with Big Sister Xianxian? You guys didn’t kiss each other either, is it because I’m blocking your way?" Leng Youlan pouted and asked.

This made Xue Xianxian blush, and he anxiously pulled Leng Youlan into the room.

At this moment, Chen Xiang heard Zuo Zhenprofound’s sound transmission. "Those two Devil-subduing College are about to be teleported over.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates