Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang came to understand that in this new Devil-subduing College, other than the Four Great Martial Temples, there were also about 10 other small sized martial halls. However, these were all composed of a few weaker people, and in the eyes of the four great halls, they were all unfavorable, so even if there was a chance of it happening, they would all be suppressed by the Four Great Martial Temples.

"It seems that the two leaders of the Eastern Sunscorch Hall and the Southern Fragrant Flower Hall are very familiar with each other." Long Xueyi said as she stared at Dongfang Yao.

Chen Xiang had already guessed it, although the Four Great Temples were opposing each other on the surface, but they were secretly doing it in a shady manner.

"They met in secret, all in disguise, in an obscure house." Long Xueyi said.

"There really is something fishy. Watch carefully." Chen Xiang sneered. He only wished that his own spirit was not strong enough, otherwise he could execute Heaven tour method like Long Xueyi, and let his consciousness wander even further.

After a short while, Long Xueyi said, "They have left. The content of the conversation wasn’t much, it was mainly centered around you, Xianxian and You Lan. Looking at the situation, Dongfang Yao and You Lan had already planned to not let Xianxian and You Lan into Hundred Flowers Hall.

Chen Xiang squinted his eyes and sneered: "They want to control us, although we are not the ones with the highest cultivation in the Devil-subduing College, we have the greatest potential, and the Devil Subduing Method is at the peak, although they see talent in us, but they want to control us and make us clap and be controlled by them, if they can’t control us, they would rather destroy me, so behind them, there should be another mastermind!"

"They also said that they will embarrass you during the martial arts competition at the beginning of next month!"

"Fortunately Xianxian and You Lan have already left. Otherwise, they would have caused some trouble here. The Martial Arts Competition, isn’t this the martial arts exchange every month? I want to see how they will make a fool of me." Chen Xiang smiled slightly. He was someone who had learned the tenth layer of Devil-suppressing power, so he naturally didn’t need to attend those classes. If it was anyone else, he should join a Martial Hall right now to receive the teachings of some old men.

"There’s no need to stare at him. He’s merely someone who’s in the palm of someone else. So boring. I overestimated him." Chen Xiang said.

Then he went to Zuo Zhenxuan’s place, heard something about Dongfang Yao from Zuo Zhenxuan. It made him even more suspicious, because Dongfang Yao’s status was not low. His father was the ruler of a world, and his grandfather was actually an immortal in the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace.

For people like Dongfang Yao, why did they still only work for others? This could only mean that the person behind Dongfang Yao was even more powerful.

The Devil-subduing College used the pretense of imparting the powerful Demon Subduing Martial Arts for free to secretly rope in talented disciples to strengthen the power of the Devil-subduing College. From this, the Devil-subduing College was not a good person.

At this time, Chen Xiang felt that the Devil-subduing College was even weirder, as if there was a layer of darkness shrouding it.

"Man Futian suddenly disappeared." Long Xueyi asked her to follow the person with the most authority in the Devil-subduing College. She wanted to see if she could see anything, but she suddenly lost him.

"However, I have obtained an important clue. In this Devil-subduing College, there is another space, just like that of the Stellar Transposition Realm, but I do not sense any temporal changes in the array, I only sense a strong spatial energy and an aura that I am familiar with. However, I am not able to recall it right now." Long Xueyi was also curious, there were too many secrets hidden in the Devil-subduing College.

Chen Xiang sighed: "I can’t let Xianxian and You Lan stay here any longer. After I get a few powerful Anti-Demon martial arts manuals, I also want to leave this damn place.

However, before the sky brightened, Chen Xiang was already invited by a few white-haired, old men. These old men were all elders in the academy, so they were naturally Nirvana Realm warriors. They did not have time for Chen Xiang, so they directly grabbed Chen Xiang and forcefully brought him to the Martial Arts Practice Grounds.

Chen Xiang immediately understood when he thought about it. Someone had asked the few elders to invite him over, and then allowed Dongfang Yao to carry out his plans. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Seeing Zuo Zhenxuan here, Chen Xiang was a lot more at ease. After all, Zuo Zhenxuan was someone that he could trust in the Devil-subduing College.

"Chen Xiang, your perception is superior. You spent so little time to make the Devil Subduing Method to the tenth level, so today we have no choice but to be rash and bring you over to help guide us." An old man said with a smile.

They were all students of the Four Great Temples, and you could tell that they were dressed in the same clothes. Of course, Chen Xiang had also seen Hall Master Dongfang Yao of the Scorching Sun Hall and Hua Qiuxia of the Hundred Flowers Hall.

"Chen Xiang, our Devil-subduing College has offered up something for free. Since you have learned the tenth level of the Devil Subduing Method, I think you have already grasped some tricks. According to the spirit of the Devil-subduing College, you should give out everything you have gained from comprehending the Devil Subduing Method without reservation." Another old man laughed.

Of course, Chen Xiang couldn’t let his enemy completely learn about Devil Subduing Method. He deliberately gave an awkward laugh: "I’m sorry, even though I was able to comprehend the tenth level of Devil Subduing Method, I don’t know what I comprehended. I just looked at that book and unknowingly completed it, I just can’t say it!"

Didn’t the Left Vice Principal already learn the tenth floor? He has been immersed in this field for tens of thousands of years, and he has more experience than me, so I think it would be better to leave it to him! "

It was one thing to be able to learn it, and it was another to be able to teach it, so those old fellows could not say anything to Chen Xiang.

At this time, Dongfang Yao stood up and said: "Chen Xiang, you said before that if you want to marry your sister Leng Youlan, you have to win against her, you are serious!"

Chen Xiang raised his eyebrows and smiled indifferently: "I am only saying that if you want to marry my sister, you have to win against me first before being qualified to go and discuss marriage with her. As for whether or not you marry, that is her problem, of course, if you can’t win against me, you don’t have the qualifications at all, you aren’t even fit to carry her shoes!"

Dongfang Yao was instantly enraged, he never thought that Chen Xiang would actually say such arrogant words in front of so many people, and no one else expected that this would be a blatant provocation, causing the entire Martial Arts Practice Grounds to be in an uproar.

"Chen Xiang." Dongfang Yao shouted loudly, "Are you trying to humiliate me!?"

"That’s what my sister said. She said if you can’t beat me, you’re not even fit to carry her shoes." Chen Xiang said calmly.

Hua Qiuxia sneered: "Isn’t she just a barbaric little girl, what is there to be arrogant for, to actually be so arrogant!"

"That’s right, she is a savage girl, but she was able to master the fifth floor of the Devil Subduing Method in a short amount of time. Can you do it, you are already an age, before you stepped into the Extreme realm, but she is now a Soul Martial Realm, she is younger than me, no matter how you look at her, this savage girl is still stronger than you." Chen Xiang’s words were sharp, directly striking at Hua Qiuxia’s sore spot. Everyone knew that Hua Qiuxia was currently facing a situation of aging because she couldn’t break through, which was also something that many warriors could do nothing about.

Dongfang Yao said coldly: "Chen Xiang, stop arguing, I don’t need to do anything, your cultivation is way too different from mine, even if I win, it won’t be because of you, I’ll let my subordinates exchange blows with you, if I am lucky and win, you can arrange for me to meet your recognized sister." Please come to the launch without an advertisement.