Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The atmosphere suddenly became extremely tense, everyone did not understand why Chen Xiang dared to be so presumptuous in front of the few Nirvana Stage Elders, to kill them and still act so righteously, and even provoke Dongfang Yao. It had to be known that Dongfang Yao’s position in the Devil-subduing College was not low, he could directly order the elders who came down from the Heaven Realm to do so.

"Enough, let’s call it a day. Although Chen Xiang is ruthless, it was also the other party who was the first to become overbearing. Disperse." Zuo Zhenxuan suddenly said.

Dongfang Yao originally wanted to capture him here, but who would have known that Zuo Zhenxuan would actually come along as well. With regards to Zuo Zhenxuan’s strength, everyone in the Devil-subduing College had to be wary, he was a warrior who grasped a tenth layer of Devil-suppressing power.

Just now, they had wanted to take action, but who would have known that they had to grasp the enchantment well? If not, Chen Xiang’s terrifying attack just now might have struck the crowd, and the students of the Four Great Martial Temples were the elites of the Devil-subduing College.

Chen Xiang had killed a capable assistant of his, and even provoked him, but he could do nothing as he watched Zuo Zhenxuan bring Chen Xiang along.

"Zuo Zhenxuan, just you wait. You are one of the obstacles in our plan and we will get rid of you sooner or later." Dongfang Yao clenched his fists and said fiercely.

Chen Xiang followed Zuo Zhenxuan to a hidden place, which was Zuo Zhenxuan’s secret residence.

"Elder Zuo, if you have something to say, just say it." Chen Xiang laughed, and drank the wine Zuo Zhenxuan had poured for him.

"This Devil-subduing College is really too scheming, I can feel the terror, I think you must have sensed it too." Zuo Zhenxuan said in a serious tone.

"Elder Zuo, what do you know?" Chen Xiang frowned, and anxiously asked.

"Devil-suppressing Divine Palace released an incredible fellow, the entire Devil-subduing College is currently controlled by that fellow, even Man Futian and I found it difficult to disobey that person’s orders, otherwise we would only be met with a calamity." Zuo Zhenxuan’s face revealed a look of fear.

"This is probably the best time for me to help you. You’d better be careful in the future, especially when you’re out." Zuo Zhenxuan knew that Chen Xiang would not leave so quickly.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Elder Zuo, I just want to know what kind of person the mastermind is. I just want to know what kind of idea he has towards Leng Youlan, I can’t let him hurt the people beside me!"

"Don’t worry about that, his main target is not the white-haired girl, but... but it’s a thing and a place, and the place to control and control this Mortal Wu Realm! "

The fact that the Devil-subduing College was so ambitious was the same as the Fire Divine Palace, but Chen Xiang knew that these two great forces had spent a great deal of time and effort to get to the Mortal Wu Realm. There must be a reason behind them, and he already knew one of their goals was to find a way to enter the Sacred Dan Realm, which was also the place Zuo Zhenxuan was talking about. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"What are they looking for?" Chen Xiang continued to ask closely. Something that Devil-suppressing Divine Palace had spent so much effort to find must definitely be no small matter.

"An item that belongs to him, this item is called the Devil-suppressing blood. According to the legends in the Heaven Realm, this was left behind by the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable who founded the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace back then, and the person hiding behind the scenes in the Devil-subduing College is now known as the God Child, he is a person who was born with a Divine Body. Although his current strength is not very strong, his intelligence is outstanding, and his talent is unquestionable, he is the person who is regarded as the most important person in the history of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace!"

Chen Xiang clenched his wine cup tightly, and his brows knitted tightly. Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, Devil-suppressing blood, Son of God ... This chain of events shocked him.

However, he now knew that the Devil Subduing Method that he had learnt and the Devil-suppressing kungfu were both created by the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, especially that Devil-suppressing kungfu.

They don’t kill you now because they think highly of you. They want to control you in their hands, and at the same time, intend to rope you in their master, they investigated your master and found out that he was very strong, an expert in Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu cultivation, the strongest in Mortal Wu Realm, and at the same time, they also wanted to get their hands on the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu!

Chen Xiang laughed, "They must be worried that my master will take revenge on them. A person who can control the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu is as terrifying as a person who can learn the tenth layer of Devil-suppressing power!"

The last time he went to look for Huang Jintian, he had already given the Devil Subduing Method book to him.

"Hehe, you brat, be more honest. Maybe you can meet that God Child, Dongfang Yao, Hua Qiuxia and even Man Futian will have to listen to him, but he won’t be able to control me." Zuo Zhenxuan laughed.

Chen Xiang laughed out loud: "Why must I be bullied? If that Dongfang Yao still comes to find trouble with me, I’ll just kill him!"

"It’s not good to offend this God Child, there are many old fellows in the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace who listen to his orders, and think that he is the reincarnation of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, they think that the God Child can lead them to the God Domain, sigh, that is all illusory, what are you planning to do now, stay here, or go!"

Chen Xiang finished the wine in his cup and laughed: "I want to meet that God Child, so I’ll stay here!"

Of course, Chen Xiang wasn’t interested in the God Child, but rather the Devil-suppressing blood. He felt that since he cultivated the Devil-suppressing kungfu and also learned the tenth level of the Devil Subduing Method, it was most suitable for him to obtain the Devil-suppressing blood. He didn’t believe that the God Child was that amazing.

"That’s good. They arranged for you to go to a mountain range in the eastern part of the academy to carry out missions and hunt for a powerful fellow. Prepare yourself!"

Chen Xiang had already made his preparations long ago, and now he was also looking forward to it. Of course, he wanted to find that Devil-suppressing blood even more since it was the direct bloodline of a god.

Sure enough, not long after, Chen Xiang received a notice, telling him to go out and hunt a profound beast. Only if he succeeded would he be allowed to enter the Devil-subduing College’s library, which was a storage of Demon Fighting Techniques, and normally, he would have to contribute to the Devil-subduing College in order to enter.

That was why the Devil-subduing College arranged for the students to go out on a mission, which meant to give the student a chance to enter the Compendium Pavilion. He would be able to come into contact with the powerful Demon Subduing Martial Arts, and Bai Youyou and Leng Youlan had also received such a mission before, but it was not completed.

"It seems like they wanted me to leave the Devil-subduing College and they wanted to make a move against me." Chen Xiang secretly became vigilant as he looked at the contents of the mission on a letter.