Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Man Futian brought Chen Xiang to a tall building, and slowly walked up the stairs.

"Chen Xiang, that eight-armed gold ape was not easy to deal with, right? Why did you take such a long time?" Man Futian asked. He wanted to find something out from Chen Xiang’s answer, that Dongfang Yao was a good seedling and had gone for so long without returning. Yet, Chen Xiang had returned.

"I attacked him eight times in total. The first seven were all injured, but the last time, I found a chance and succeeded in ambushing him. I killed him in one move, which was why I took so long." When Chen Xiang said this, it was as if he said it, which made it hard for people to tell if he was speaking the truth or not.

A few clan elders of the Devil-subduing College had already sent people out to look for Dongfang Yao, but Chen Xiang was not worried, as long as there was no proof that he was the one who killed the man, he was not afraid.

After arriving at the top, Man Futian opened an array formation, and sent Chen Xiang into the bright and spacious huge hall. Chen Xiang could feel that he was in a space that could read, and he was not connected to the outside world at all.

The four walls of the hall were all covered with bookshelves, and on top of them was a thick book. In the middle, there were many tables and chairs, and more than twenty people were currently focused on reading a few thick books, carefully memorizing the contents. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

It was very quiet inside, everyone was immersed in reciting the martial arts manuals, only the rustling sounds of books being opened could be heard. Chen Xiang saw a white-haired old man walking towards him.

"I am the manager of this place, Wang Yuan. It seems that this is the first time you have come here, is there anything you would like to ask?" The old man asked with a smile.

Chen Xiang looked at the countless thick books on the shelves, and was truly confused: "There are actually so many high level Demon Fighting Techniques here, do you have a catalog or an introduction? Let me see the introduction to each of them!"

Wang Yuan laughed. "Although the books here seem to be many, there are only three of them in total. It’s just that each have ten sets, that’s why there are so many of them!"

The corner of Chen Xiang’s mouth twitched, that was all of the three Anti-Demon martial arts, it was too scary, he felt that all of them were Divine Martial Arts, only this kind of powerful and evolved martial arts, could have so much information.

"It’s because Devil Subduing Method is too little that it’s very difficult to learn. In order to make it easier for the later generations to learn these Anti-Demon martial arts, some old seniors added a lot of ways to learn them, and there are also many different ways to learn them. This takes into account the various special circumstances of the person, but there aren’t many main martial arts techniques; there’s only one manual." Wang Yuan explained.

Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief. He had learnt the Devil-suppressing kungfu before, at that time he would have learnt it to his heart’s content.

"Let’s not talk about you. Take the dean for example. He can only rely on his mental cultivation method to master these three Fierce Demon martial arts. Otherwise, those seniors would have needed to add in their comments. They wouldn’t have needed to go through so many different cultivation methods." When he first came here, many students were like Chen Xiang, thinking that he could learn it just by looking at his mental cultivation method. However, in the end, he still had to obediently go through countless books on cultivation experience.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I know about that, but I feel that it would be more efficient to familiarize myself with the martial arts cultivation method first, and then look at the cultivation experience left behind by the predecessors!"

Wang Yuan gave Chen Xiang a piece of paper and said, "This is a brief introduction of one of the martial arts!"

The first martial art he saw was called the "Devil-suppressing qi array". According to the contents of the description, it was related to formations, and was designed to teach people how to set up arrays and use Zhen Qi to quickly condense Qi to attack or defend.

"I never thought that there would be such a thing as a combination of formations and martial arts." Chen Xiang started to look forward to it. He himself had some understanding of array formations, and after absorbing the memories of the four array masters, he had quite a solid foundation.

"There are two other demonic arts." Chen Xiang asked again.

"This Devil-suppressing qi array is the easiest to learn, but if you want to learn it, that will take a long time." Wang Yuan was helpless and could only give Chen Xiang two pieces of paper.

Looking at the other two skills, Chen Xiang felt a little depressed because he could use one of them, which was called "Devil-suppressing qi".

If not, the effect would be not that big. The Devil Subduing Method was to strengthen the Devil-suppressing qi, and the Devil-suppressing qi was to have a strong killing ability against demons. If the three types of martial arts were combined, they would be the nemesis of the demons.

"I am familiar with the Devil-suppressing qi array, may I know where it is?" Chen Xiang returned the three pieces of paper back to Wang Yuan.

Wang Yuan quickly took out a thick book and handed it over to Chen Xiang, saying, "Don’t waste your time, this time you’ve only come for three days!"

After Chen Xiang received the book, he casually found a seat and sat down, then began to quickly flip through the pages. With his current mental state, he could basically record an entire page’s worth of content with a single glance. This was also the case for Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou.

Not only did Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou remember this in their minds, they also quickly copied it down, because Chen Xiang wanted to pass on his Anti-Demon martial arts to Xue Xianxian and the others.

"Elder Sister Meng’er should be very interested in this Devil-suppressing qi array." Chen Xiang quickly saw that many array formations were formed by a few profound Spirit grain, which also caused him to have to spend a lot of time memorizing them.

It took him a whole day and a half to familiarize himself with the Devil-suppressing qi array. He had a rough understanding of the martial arts of an anxious array, and the first thing he knew was that it was not very hard to learn. This was because he had the foundation of arrays, and there were many mantras and chants in it, so he could understand them easily.

Next, he borrowed Devil-suppressing fist from Wang Yuan. This book was relatively thin, and the main things that were written on it were some punching poses, sets, methods of luck, and some profound mental cultivation methods. He only needed half a day to memorize them all, after all, there were not as many arrays as the previous book, but the difficulty of the Devil-suppressing fist was much greater than the Devil-suppressing qi array.

He still had time, so he pretended to memorize the Devil-suppressing qi and let Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou copy it in the storage ring, because Xue Xianxian and the others did not understand the Devil-suppressing qi.

The Devil-suppressing qi was only a part of the Devil-suppressing kungfu, so it naturally did not contain as much information as the Devil-suppressing kungfu, but there was still a lot of it.

After three days, Chen Xiang was sent out of the room. Although he had not seen the cultivation experience and methods written by the old seniors of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, he was confident that he could teach himself, because when he memorized, he already roughly understood the difficulty of the martial arts.