Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Just as Chen Xiang was about to tear off the cloth covering Hua Xiangyue’s chest, Hua Xiangyue’s lily-white hands grabbed onto him. Her lips parted, and she looked at him with a misty and coquettish gaze, as she spoke faintly: "Little scoundrel, your Elder Sister Meng’er is still outside, I don’t want to be seen by her later ..."

Chen Xiang shook her head and sighed. Looking at Hua Xiangyue’s half-revealed snow-white breasts, he couldn’t help but reach out and pinch them fiercely. "Little demoness, don’t seduce me in the future.

Hua Xiangyue suddenly flipped over and pressed Chen Xiang down below her. She then spoke out with an enchanting voice, "It’s not certain who will eat whom. Just you wait, you little scoundrel will sooner or later be mine, hehe ..."

Seeing that Hua Xiangyue’s smile was so flirtatious and so captivating, Chen Xiang couldn’t help but cover her mouth with his and hug her tightly before putting on an intense kiss.

Outside, Liu Meng’er really did not know that the two of them were intimate inside. When she saw the array formation and Spirit grain based attack method inside the Devil-suppressing qi array, she was extremely shocked, praising the strength of the Evil Killing technique, but she also knew that it was only because of the Devil Subduing Method and the Devil-suppressing qi that they could fully utilize it, which was why the Evil Demon had such a strong killing ability.

"If you have the chance to come again, I do not want to be caught and destroyed by your Elder Sister Meng’er." Hua Xiangyue tidied up her clothes. In the short period of time she had been intimate with Chen Xiang, she had been the happiest of all these years.

Chen Xiang laid on the bed, watching Hua Xiangyue twist the butt that he had kneaded a long time ago, feeling extremely satisfied in his heart, he let out a long breath.

"Little Scoundrel, aren’t you afraid that I’ll catch you in your bed?" Su Meiyao said. Before this, she also knew what kind of breed Chen Xiang was, but she didn’t really care. She knew that for strong men, sooner or later, they would have a lot of women by their side, unless they cultivated the Ruthless magic like her master and cut off all emotions and desires. But in the end, they would all become heartless demons.

"Sister Meiyao, do you want me to release you and compensate you?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"No, I don’t want to get in touch with them yet." Su Meiyao snorted: "There are still three days, you had better get used to refining the middle grade profound level pills, that is the highest possible Earth grade pills you can refine now!"

Chen Xiang was a little depressed now, since he was able to refine a middle profound level pill, there were two types of pills that were shameful, and the God-eclipse powder and Heavenly Thunder Pill both had the surname of attack, he did not want others to know, especially that God-eclipse powder, which was prohibited from being refined in the Heaven Realm.

When the time comes, he could only refine Chunyuan gold Dan s, but in the pill refining competition, it would not be a competition for the highest grade of pills, and refining low grade pills would also be easy. Now, he did not know the rules of the competition, but what he needed to do now was to stay in a good state, and at that time, he would be able to adapt to the situation.

Chen Xiang had only casually refined a few batches of pills, to ensure that the pill he was the most adept at wouldn’t be born by hand. After that, he laid down on the soft bed with the scent and started to assemble the mantra of the eleventh level of the Devil Subduing Method. This required him to search for the mantra of the tenth level of the Devil Subduing Method, and he also needed to arrange many small pieces of mantra from the beginning to the tenth level. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"I’m already halfway done. If I find something wrong at the end, then all my work will be in vain." Chen Xiang muttered, he jumped up from his clothes and walked out of the stone room.

In the hall, Hua Xiangyue and Liu Meng’er was discussing about Devil Subduing Method s. When they saw that Chen Xiang had come out with an naughty smile on his face, the two girls couldn’t help but start chatting.

"Hehe, what level have you learned?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The fourth level." Liu Meng’er sighed, she felt that the Devil Subduing Method was a little difficult to learn.

Not bad, there are many old fellows in Devil-subduing College who have taken a long time. Chen Xiang laughed: "Xianxian and You Lan have already learned the tenth floor, and they have used up a lot of their time, but they were only learning it in the Stellar Transposition Realm!"

Liu Meng’er and Hua Xiangyue knew about this matter as well. With Chen Xiang’s permission, Liu Meng’er would also teach the Fire god method and the Taiji divine arts to Hua Xiangyue. If the two of them were to learn at the same time, they could discuss and save a lot of time on things that were difficult for them.

"I feel that you two can learn the Devil Subduing Method together. The Devil-suppressing kungfu and the Devil Subduing Method are the foundation, after learning these two Anti-Demon martial arts, it will be much easier to learn the Devil-suppressing qi array and the Devil-suppressing fist." Chen Xiang said: "Those books I saw in the Devil-subduing College’s secret book collection pavilion, there were at least a hundred thousand of them, so these cannot be learned in a short period of time!"

"Also, unless you have no other choice, do not use it in front of the people from the Devil-subduing College!"

Hua Xiangyue and Liu Meng’er both nodded their heads.

"When we learn the Devil Subduing Method s to the tenth floor, we can then go find You Lan and Xianxian so that they can learn some of these Anti-Demon martial arts. When the Great War between Three Realms erupts, we’ll definitely be able to use them." Liu Meng’er said.

Previously, Chen Xiang had passed down the Devil Subduing Method to Huang Jintian. He knew that once Huang Jintian learnt it, he would definitely pass it down to Gu Dongchen and the others.

This Devil Subduing Method had long since been spread out from the Devil-subduing College, but without the guidance of the old guys in the Devil-subduing College, it was extremely difficult to cultivate, so this was the reason why the Devil-subduing College was not afraid of being leaked.

However, at the moment, he was not feeling nervous at all. Furthermore, he was guiding Liu Meng’er and Hua Xiangyue in their cultivation of the Devil Subduing Method. His understanding of the basics of the Devil-suppressing kungfu was even deeper than other people.

Liu Meng’er and Hua Xiangyue, the two ladies who were famous in the Mortal Martial Realm, had a whole new level of respect for Chen Xiang. They did not expect that the difficult problem that had been bothering them for a long time would be solved with just a few pointers from Chen Xiang.

At dawn, Chen Xiang yawned, "Right now, you guys can easily learn the Sixth Level. When I return from my match with that guy, I’ll continue to teach you guys!"

The two girls had to admit that Chen Xiang’s understanding of martial arts was much stronger than theirs, and they could guess that it was because Chen Xiang had trained in many powerful martial arts.

"Do you have the confidence to beat that guy?" Su Meiyao asked.

"Of course, I’ll go." Chen Xiang laughed as he walked out of the cave and headed towards the Fragrance City’s plaza.

On the way, Chen Xiang was suddenly stopped by two people. One of them was Hua Qiuxia, the head of the South Fragrance Hundred Flowers Hall, and the other was an old man.

"Chen Xiang, are you going to compete with the Sacred Dan Realm disciple in pill refining?" Hua Qiuxia asked coldly, making him want to give her a slap.

Chen Xiang was not surprised at all that the God Child’s claws had appeared. He felt that it would be strange if they did not come to find him.

"Of course, this is my problem. What does it have to do with you?" Chen Xiang coldly snorted.