Chen Xiang, who had transformed into a bird in the air, flew above the commander. Suddenly, he changed his appearance and a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword appeared in his hands, shining with a green light. As he channeled in his strong Innate Qi, when he slashed out, the weight of the blade could reach more than a billion pounds.

Golden light swirled around the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. This was the Devil-suppressing qi, it had a very deadly killing power towards the demon, and when it descended from the sky, the energy it condensed was even more powerful.

He not only wanted to use the Devil-suppressing qi, but also the Devil Subduing Method.

Ever since he had learned Devil Subduing Method, he had never tried it on the demons. Now was a good opportunity.

Chen Xiang who had suddenly appeared in the air, fell like a blazing sun. In that instant, an incomparably boundless killing intent surged out from his body, actually enveloping the demonic Qi of the tens of thousands of Devil Army, shocking everyone present.

The commander quickly realised that the killing intent was coming from up in the sky. He raised his head and saw that the golden light that Chen Xiang was emitting was stinging his eyes, and that kind of light made him extremely uncomfortable. A series of rapid and clear thunderbolts shook the sky. That kind of thunderclap seemed to pierce through space.

The Divine Saber was slashed down, bringing with it a torrential surge of energy. It was unstoppable, sweeping everything in its path. Even the powerful armor of the commander was chopped into two halves by the Divine Saber from head to legs.

After chopping down, Chen Xiang’s hand was lightning fast, grabbing the white ball of air that came out of the commander’s body, he stuffed it into his mouth, activated Fire Dan Tian, and released the Refine Power to quickly refine it.

The entire audience was silent. They couldn’t believe that their commander had been chopped in half in an instant. This was the commander they worshipped, and he was extremely strong. But now he had died so suddenly.

After the deathly silence passed, a series of crazed and furious roars came out, even the dozens of black-armoured man surrounding Du Yanyao acted like they were crazy, and rushed towards Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang who was standing in the middle of the army had a look on his face, and actually revealed a smile, his body suddenly emitting a gold light, the golden mist following his body and trembling, blowing in all directions. This was the Devil-suppressing qi, when touched by these demons, they could not help but retreat, their faces full of disgust.

However, just as they were about to pounce, Chen Xiang waved the divine blade in his hand, causing them to be unable to see how he wielded the blade. They could only see that there were two golden arcs in the air, and the few black armored men who were pouncing over were all broken at the waist before shattering into pieces, causing the ball of energy in his dantian to be sucked into Chen Xiang’s mouth.

Most of the energy of these Devil Realm martial artists was in their bodies. Those masses of energy only accounted for 10% of the energy in their bodies. It was very little, but it was the purest energy in their bodies.

A few more commanders had died, and it was just a split-second. In addition to the Devil-suppressing qi that had appeared on Chen Xiang’s body, many demon realm warriors were secretly terrified, especially when they were enveloped by that invisible and terrifying killing intent.

"Kill him." A black-armoured burly man rushed over, but at this time, Chen Xiang suddenly jumped into the air. With a clear cry that reverberated in the horizon, two balls of flames suddenly spewed out from Chen Xiang’s back, a pair of gigantic fire wings suddenly condensed behind him.

The gigantic Suzaku fire wing spread its wings for more than three kilometers, and the incomparable heat immediately enveloped them. That scorching heat accompanied the Devil-suppressing qi as it swept down, causing the Demon Realm warriors to feel extremely hot all over.

"City Lord Du, quickly get away from this place." Chen Xiang shouted loudly, and a strong burst of flame aura burst out, pressing the Demon Wolves and Demon Realm Warriors below into an explosive roar.

Du Yanyao’s expression was still cold. At this moment, she too felt an inexplicable fear toward Chen Xiang. Her overflowing killing intent, her incomparably powerful flames, were all things she had never seen before.

Du Yanyao flew a few steps and arrived at a distant place. At that moment, she saw that Chen Xiang, who was in the air, had suddenly started to spin, and the pair of gigantic fire wings started to spin with him, creating gusts of air currents. Very quickly, they turned into a gigantic fire dragon tornado, engulfing all the Devil Martial Cultivators and Demon Wolves inside.

In her view, without the Nirvana Stage’s strength, it was impossible to do it, but she could tell that Chen Xiang’s cultivation level was not higher than the Nirvana Stage’s, otherwise the group of Devil Wolf Cavalry s would have already been turned into ashes.

"Devouring magic kungfu." Chen Xiang roared in his heart, as he absorbed all of the remaining energy clumps that were burnt by the Demon Suppressing Flame. This incomparably powerful energy crazily flowed into his body, causing him to feel as if countless large rivers were surging within his veins.

When this energy entered his body, it was instantly refined by the Refine Power. After using the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, it rapidly flowed into his dantian and condensed in the Beast statue.

Chen Xiang who had entered the Soul Martial Realm, was like an ant to him. It was normal for him to be able to kill off so many Devil Realm Warriors with nineth section of genuine kungfu realm.

"There’s too much energy. I wonder if I can condense eight thousand Zhenyuan granule. That way, I can enter the middle stage of the Soul Martial Realm." Chen Xiang thought, at this moment, his body was being surrounded by a large amount of energy, waiting to be devoured.

"Let’s stay away from that woman first. I don’t want to be attacked by her." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang suddenly stopped his Purgatory Tornado Technique and flapped his gigantic wings. In a few blinks of an eye, he had already left the mountain forest shrouded in demonic energy, and left Sacred Dan City.

Du Yanyao frowned. She was currently searching through the memories in her mind, trying to see what kind of power or clan in Sacred Dan Realm would have such a monster within them, to actually be so powerful. Seeing Chen Xiang leave, she heaved a sigh of relief.

Not long after Chen Xiang left, a ball of flames suddenly lit up behind Du Yanyao, and a middle-aged man appeared. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

This middle-aged man was wearing a black robe. He took a deep breath and said, "This is a murderous intent, but this is the first time I’ve seen it. Yan Yao, what’s happening here!"

"Dad, let’s talk when we get back." Du Yanyao was considering whether she should keep the news of Chen Xiang a secret, but seeing her thoughtful look, the middle-aged man did not ask anymore, as he knew his daughter.

Chen Xiang hid in a desolate mountain forest and refined the energy whirlpools that still lingered around his body.

"If I had a few more batches of these Devil Army, I wonder if I would be able to reach the peak of the Extreme realm." Chen Xiang now desired more power.