Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was hugged from behind. Feeling the comfortable rubbing of her soft and warm body, and listening to Du Yanyao’s enticing words, her enchanting moans echoed in his mind. Chen Xiang had already thought of doing something to this woman countless of times in his mind, but in the end, he still endured it.

Although Du Yanyao could not make love with a man, the fact that she could hug and rub her body with a man she did not hate made her more or less feel better.

In the blink of an eye, an hour had passed. Chen Xiang’s entire body was covered in Du Yanyao’s sweat, his two cheeks had already been kissed by her, and a few teeth marks had already appeared on his neck. He had never thought that he would be taken advantage of by a woman like this.

"Little Scoundrel, hold on! Don’t throw away your armor at the very end!" Su Meiyao said with a smile.

"Done!" Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, opened the lid of the pill furnace, took out a white pill and hastily stuffed it into Du Yanyao’s mouth. Then he quickly moved to the side and watched quietly.

Seeing Du Yanyao suddenly stop moaning, Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief. "I’m finally alright, it’s so torturous!"

She had her back facing Chen Xiang and was tidying up her clothes. What happened just now was still fresh in her mind and was deeply imprinted in her mind. She felt that even if she were to die, she would never forget what she had done to Chen Xiang.

And at this time, Chen Xiang had a very lofty and positive image in her heart, a stark contrast to the Du Peng who had just attacked her. She did not expect that there was actually a man in this world who could resist the kind of enticement that she had shown just now, and even had the heart to refine pills to detoxify her poison, and had not taken advantage of her even a bit.

"Cough cough, it’s fine now. Just pretend like nothing happened just now. I definitely won’t say anything." Chen Xiang felt a little awkward and said.

"Thank you!" Du Yanyao said softly. In her memories, she had never thanked a stranger before.

"You’re welcome. Have you recovered your true qi? Do you want me to send you back to the city? " Chen Xiang asked with concern. This made Du Yanyao’s heart warm, and she turned around to look at him with a gaze that was gentle enough to drip water.

This made Chen Xiang feel like he had been electrocuted. He did not expect that a woman who was colder than Bai Youyou would actually reveal such a soft and gentle appearance.

"You’ve recovered. Aren’t you going back to the city?" Du Yanyao lowered her head and asked shyly.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath, he suddenly felt that his charisma was extremely strong, to be able to change the attitude of this woman towards him.

"No, I still have things to do!" He still had to go in and find the Purple dragon flower.

"Are you following me?" Du Yanyao raised her head, she had recovered some of her iciness and asked while staring at Chen Xiang.

"No, Du Peng has a grudge with me, I have always been following him, looking for a chance to make my move on him." Chen Xiang casually made up a lie and said.

Du Yanyao also believed it to be true. When she mentioned Du Peng, her face was filled with hatred: "Thank you for what you did just now. If it wasn’t for you ..."

"Hehe, I already said you don’t have to be so polite!" Chen Xiang interrupted her and laughed.

"Are you going to look for the Purple dragon flower?" Du Yanyao asked with a frown. Although her voice was slightly cold, the way she looked at Chen Xiang with such tender feelings made it hard for Chen Xiang to bear.

"It’s very dangerous inside. For the sake of the Purple dragon flower, it’s not worth it." Du Yanyao tried to dissuade her.

"I’m not afraid of poison. That thing is very important to me." Chen Xiang smiled.

Du Yanyao sighed lightly, "What kind of person are you exactly? Since you have the confidence, then I can only wish you success, I will wait for you at City Lord Palace, and if you can get the Purple dragon flower, please come and meet me once! "

Chen Xiang laughed: "I still have to stay in Sacred Dan City for a period of time. At that time, I will definitely go there brazenly as a guest."

Du Yanyao’s face revealed a sweet smile, which made Chen Xiang able to see her beauty. Her smile seemed to be able to melt the world of ice and snow.

"I’m leaving, you be careful!" Du Yanyao consecutively flew a few times, and disappeared from Chen Xiang’s line of sight.

Chen Xiang scratched his head, sighed, and walked towards Immortal-poisoning Devil Forest.

"What is it? Do you regret not eating her just now? " Bai Youyou ridiculed.

"Of course not, I don’t regret it. If I want a woman, she will have to follow me willingly. What did that count as? Taking advantage of others? I am not that kind of person! " Chen Xiang said righteously.

"Pfft, little scumbag, you really know how to act!" Long Xueyi scoffed.

"Hee hee, as expected of my little man, I like you more and more!" Su Meiyao said while laughing. Her words were sincere, ever since she and Chen Xiang’s relationship had been finalized, she felt that her heart had been satisfied, and that there was no emptiness in her heart from before. This made her very happy inside the ring.

Chen Xiang walked into the Immortal-poisoning Devil Forest and asked: "sister Meiyao, what use does that Purple dragon flower have?"

"It has a lot of uses, it can be used to refine low grade immortal pills, Dragon Yuan Pills. After eating too much, it can even make people possess purple flames and condense purple Fire Soul, and people like you with Fire Soul can even evolve it." Su Meiyao said.

"So you’re saying that this is a treasure in the eyes of the Sacred Dan Realm? With this, it shouldn’t be hard for me to get those immortals to do things for me, right? " Chen Xiang was extremely excited.

Inside the Immortal-poisoning Devil Forest, there was a dense green poison mist floating around, he followed Du Peng’s memories and searched for the marks inside.

According to Du Peng’s memories, the most dangerous place in Immortal-poisoning Devil Forest was the green poisonous miasma, but there were very few Goblin Beasts, but he had to carefully move forward. For safety’s sake, he turned into a bird and flew, this way he could avoid being suddenly attacked by some Goblin Beasts.

At night, Chen Xiang had already delved deep into the Immortal-poisoning Devil Forest. He could see from afar that there was a ball of purple light in front of him, and it looked like a pulsing light produced by purple flames.

Seeing that, Chen Xiang immediately flew over, and the poison aura was even denser, he guessed that even if Du Peng had a Poison Demon Body, he would not be able to handle such a poison, if not he would have already taken the Purple dragon flower.

Although the poison here was strong, Chen Xiang was completely fine. At this moment, he saw a purple flower that was the size of a washbasin, with the flower in full bloom, it looked just like a dragon with its mouth wide open. The entire flower was burning with purple flames, which was extremely dazzling in the darkness.

"That’s right, this is the Purple dragon flower!" Su Meiyao said. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

After that, he transformed into a bird and flew away at his fastest speed. Not long after he flew away, he heard an earth-shaking roar that sounded like an angry lion’s roar that shook the entire Immortal-poisoning Devil Forest!

"There are indeed demonic beasts guarding this place. So dangerous!" Chen Xiang’s heart still palpitated with fear. The aura just now had made him feel incomparable fear, it was definitely not an aura an ordinary demon beast could possess.