Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was shocked. He anxiously replied: "I’m Yanyao’s friend!"

When the old man heard this, he suddenly jumped over and instantly appeared in front of Chen Xiang. With one hand holding Chen Xiang’s collar, he stared at him with his bloody hawk eyes: "Who exactly are you?"

"Senior, I said that I’m Yanyao’s friend!" Chen Xiang looked at the old man’s anxious expression and said sincerely: "I have no ill intentions, if there’s anything you want to say, you can say it!"

After the old man realized that Chen Xiang’s strength was not enough to threaten his life, he put Chen Xiang down.

"Are you really Yanyao’s grandfather?" Chen Xiang asked.

"That’s right, I am Du Hai. Are you really her friend? I really didn’t know that she had such a powerful friend like you, who could actually come to the depths of Immortal-poisoning Devil Forest unscathed, and how long she could follow me for without making a sound. Du Hai carefully sized Chen Xiang up. His eyes that were as sharp as an eagle’s eyes, seemed to want to see through him.

Chen Xiang smiled and asked: "Senior, how long has it been since you last saw her?"

"Fifty years! But I don’t know which family’s kid could become so powerful in fifty years, and I know all about the people who are chasing after her! " Du Hai was still on his guard against Chen Xiang. Although he was talking to Chen Xiang, he treated Chen Xiang as his enemy.

Seeing that Du Hai was being so cautious, Chen Xiang said, "Senior, you should know that you have been missing for so many years, right? Now, it seems that Sacred Dan School knows that you are no longer Du Family. If they were to confirm it, you would know what the Holy Elixir would do without my words right? "

Du Hai frowned: "They are making their move on Du Family now? As long as they don’t confirm that I’m dead, they definitely won’t dare to act recklessly towards Du Family. They definitely won’t dare to gamble the life and death of the entire Sacred Dan School! You have to be clear that I am a Dan Immortal, the moment I open my mouth, a bunch of idiots will help me get rid of my Sacred Dan School! I have never been worried about this trivial matter! "

The Dan Immortal could refine immortal pills, but many strong warriors needed high level pills, because it represented their future. Some warriors had more problems the higher their cultivation, and sometimes, they would just stay stagnant, and if they could not break through, even the immortals would die!

The only people who could save them were the Dan Immortal s, especially those immortals. They had successfully passed through the Nirvana Doom, so they did not want to die, but pills could help them break through, and increase their lifespan! Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Chen Xiang now understood why this Dan Immortal could go missing without any worries. He was indeed not afraid, many experts definitely owed him a favor, and at that time, even if he did not say anything, they would all help Du Family.

"Even though he said that, the Sacred Dan School can still use this time to play some tricks. According to what I know, one of Sacred Dan School’s sons is trying to find a way to marry Yanyao off to him. Chen Xiang said.

This caused Du Hai to be instantly enraged and roar: "If he dares, as long as I go back, I will definitely castrate all of that old fellow’s sons. If he dares to touch my granddaughter, I will definitely let them understand that there is something even more terrifying than death!"

The corner of Chen Xiang’s mouth twitched slightly. Now he knew why Du Yanyao was such a woman, more or less the same as Leng Youlan, who had a violent father who fought on the battlefield throughout the year. Yet Du Yanyao had such a grandfather, and he had been affected by it since he was young.

"Kid, it was Yanyao who told you where I was? There are no more than five people who could possibly know about the most dangerous place in my Sacred Dan Realm and the place where we could search for the remnants of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable. Du Hai looked at Chen Xiang with a strict expression.

He understood his own granddaughter very well. A man who could get so much information from Du Yanyao’s mouth must have obtained Du Yanyao’s trust.

"I’m her friend. I saved her once, but we don’t have anything to do with each other. Besides, I already have a wife." Chen Xiang hurriedly explained. He was worried that this reckless old man, who loved Sun Ru Ming, would misunderstand him.

"Hmph, why aren’t you poisoned? Even I can only barely defend against this poison! " Du Hai stared at him and asked.

Now, Chen Xiang understood why Du Hai ran slower and slower, and why his strength was getting weaker and weaker. It turned out that he had used a large portion of his power to defend his body against the poison.

"If I told you about my impenetrable, would you believe me?" Chen Xiang shrugged and said.

"If that’s really the case, then either you cultivate the Poison Demon’s Body or you have successfully cultivated the Devil-suppressing Golden Body. From the pure aura that you emit, you should be the latter, I didn’t think that there would actually be someone who could cultivate the Devil-suppressing Golden Body!" Although Du Hai’s expression was calm, his heart was filled with shock. He knew about the remnants of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, and naturally knew how difficult it was to cultivate the Devil-suppressing kungfu.

Chen Xiang exclaimed: "Senior is indeed knowledgeable! I just stumbled upon a stone tablet by luck and spent a long time memorizing the mental cultivation method written on it. After that, I succeeded in my cultivation and the words on the stone tablet also disappeared! "

In order to get Du Hai’s good impression of him, Chen Xiang could only reveal some things that interested him, so that he could let his guard down.

As expected, Du Hai fell into a short period of contemplation, and then said: "That’s a Devil-suppressing monument! "I have seen this thing before. I remember the things on it very clearly, but I didn’t learn it. It didn’t appear as you described."

Chen Xiang frowned: "That’s strange, could it be that because senior was too strong back then, and was therefore useless? Or is there the spirit left behind by the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable inside the monument, allowing you to choose the person he approves of? "

Du Hai sighed slightly, "It’s possible. Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable is a genius, the person that the demons fear the most."

Chen Xiang said: "Senior, honestly, I came here to help Yanyao find you, and also to find the remnants of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable."

"I found the remains of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable. It was a box, but this box was swallowed by a immortal beast, I chased that immortal beast for 45 years and couldn’t solve it, but I know that I can exterminate it very soon!" Du Hai looked at Chen Xiang and smiled slightly.

Seeing Du Hai’s smile, Chen Xiang felt goosebumps all over his body. Du Hai actually wanted him to deal with the immortal beast, he finally understood who the man Du Hai chased after was. It was that immortal beast!

Don’t worry, that fellow is also afraid of poison, so just like me, he uses up a lot of energy to resist the poison’s invasion into his body, and when he runs, the consumption is even greater. The next time I see him, I plan to waste even more time with him. I trust you, I hope I’m not mistaken! " Du Hai said.

In order to survive in the Immortal-poisoning Devil Forest, every time Du Hai was in pursuit, he would try his best to conserve a portion of his energy, so that he could have the power to escape.