Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang came for the Devil-suppressing blood. He had to explain this matter clearly, otherwise, Du Hai would fight with him for the Devil-suppressing blood s. He could not defeat this kind of immortal. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Senior, I have spoken frankly. I am not a person from this world." Chen Xiang thought about it carefully and said.

Du Hai who was sitting on the ground and recovering his Innate Qi opened his eyes and said lightly: "I know, I have been in the Sacred Dan Realm for a long time, of course I can see it!"

"I came here to look for the Devil-suppressing blood, I don’t know what will happen to the Devil-suppressing blood after I obtain it, in short, this is my goal!" Chen Xiang said.

"If the beast has swallowed it, you can take it then. I will respect the choice of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, you do not have to worry, but you have to compensate me, after all, I have spent many years trying to obtain it." Du Hai said. Chen Xiang thought that it was indeed difficult for Du Hai to stay in this damned place for so many years.

"Purple dragon flower, I will use this to compensate you, is that enough?!"

Du Hai suddenly opened his eyes, and asked with an expression of disbelief: "You’re from Heaven Realm?"

Chen Xiang laughed, "No, I am from the mortal world."

"How interesting, a little kid from the mortal world really has quite the skill. Did you find the Purple Flame Dragon Fruit from here?"

"I found it in the Immortal-poisoning Devil Forest." Chen Xiang nodded.

"When I recover, I will go find that beast. That guy doesn’t dare leave Immortal-poisoning Devil Forest, otherwise, he will definitely not hunt!" Du Hai laughed coldly: "Who asked him to be a dragon that evolved from a python. This kind of dragon that doesn’t look cheap is a target for many old fellows to kill!"

Long Xueyi snorted: "No wonder there’s such a familiar Qi, this guy must have used a forbidden technique of the dragon clan to become so human!"

"What forbidden technique?" Su Meiyao asked.

"They only eat children from one to five years old!" Long Xueyi said angrily: "I must kill this guy, otherwise, no matter what, I must think of a way to contact the Imperial Dragon Race and make them take care of this bastard!"

Chen Xiang was also filled with anger. He could imagine that the snake must have eaten quite a few children in order to evolve into a dragon.

"Kid, what’s your name?" Du Hai asked.

"Chen Xiang."

"Did Yanyao know you were looking for me?"

Chen Xiang shook his head: "I don’t know, I didn’t tell her."

Du Hai could not help but let out a light sigh, as if he had guessed Du Yanyao’s feelings towards him.

"You are a Alchemist, and your pill refining skills are definitely not low. It’s rare even in Sacred Dan Realm to have such a powerful Fire Soul. If that shitty Fire Divine Palace in the Immortal World were to know that you have such a powerful Fire Soul, you would definitely be in deep trouble!" Du Hai closed his eyes and said indifferently.

Chen Xiang was shocked and he laughed: "I’m not afraid of Fire Divine Palace. I’ve been fighting against him for a long time!"

"Not only that, what you want to obtain right now is something that those old fellows in Devil-suppressing Divine Palace are yearning for day and night. Although you managed to cultivate to the Devil-suppressing kungfu, and initially it was because you became the owner of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, those old fellows in Devil-suppressing Divine Palace would definitely not be willing to give you such a huge power! If you were able to find out about the Devil-suppressing blood, I think you also found out about it from the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace. According to what I know, a hundred years ago, there was an old man from the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace that contacted the Sacred Dan Realm to find the Devil-suppressing blood! "

This Du Hai was amazing, he actually knew so many things. Chen Xiang was glad that he did not brag in front of him, otherwise, he would definitely be exposed.

"If I remember correctly, the Sacred Pill Assembly will soon begin. Since you are the Alchemist, aren’t you going to participate in the alchemy competition?" If you are an outstanding Alchemist, I believe you should know that this competition is also a way to break through. "

Chen Xiang said: "Yanyao has already helped me register, and right now, it’s going to start in less than a month. I’ll do my best to hurry back to participate!"

"You don’t have time, it’s not easy to find that beast. This time, I’ve been looking for him for three years." Du Hai sighed.

"I’ll be able to find him in three days. Do you believe me?" Chen Xiang rolled his eyes and said with a smirk.

"I don’t believe it!" Even though Du Hai was aware that Chen Xiang was a rare genius, he was still very certain about this matter, "It took me two years and eight months to find him at least, and his concealment methods were extremely high. I have followed him for over forty years and I know him very well, but it was still difficult to find him easily."

"Want to take a gamble?" Chen Xiang yawned, and said indifferently. This Du Hai was a Dan Immortal, he was definitely rich, and had precious immortal medicines in his hands.

"What are you going to bet with me?" Du Hai said with disdain: "There are not many people in the Sacred Dan Realm that I can deal with. Although my strength is not the strongest in the Sacred Dan Realm, but as for financial resources ... ..."

"Purple dragon flower, is that enough?" Chen Xiang smiled faintly.

"Enough is enough, but isn’t this enough compensation for me? Although I am not sure what is inside the box right now, but if you really want to get that Devil-suppressing blood, you have to fulfill your promise. " Du Hai frowned.

There were quite a few creation divine liquid in Chen Xiang’s hands, and in the medicinal garden inside his ring, there were three flowers that looked like they were burning with purple flames. These were all flowers that Su Meiyao had created with creation divine liquid.

"Did I say I only have one Purple dragon flower?" Chen Xiang’s eyes were filled with provocation: Senior, you don’t dare to bet anymore?

Du Hai suddenly laughed out loud. "What an arrogant brat! Even the strongest old fellows in the Sacred Dan Realm would not dare to provoke me like this. As long as you use the Purple dragon flower s, I will also use the same thing! "

"Longevity fruit, you should know the value of this thing. This is something that can make those old things fight over it!"

Chen Xiang nodded his head in satisfaction, "After I eat it, I can live for ten thousand years!"

"That’s right, but you need to eat an entire Longevity fruit to have ten thousand years of lifespan, but if you know how to refine pills, you can turn a Longevity fruit into two Myriad Life Pills, and the value will double."

This was a celestial fruit, if they were to sell it in the Mortal Wu Realm, it would definitely cause many old fellows to go bankrupt, and they would go all out to obtain it.

"I’ll take you to that guy in three days!" Chen Xiang smiled: "That’s right, if we slaughter that dragon, would we be splitting up his corpse like this? This is worth it! "

"Choose your dragon pearl and Dragon corpse, choose one each!" Du Hai slightly narrowed his eyes: "Brat, you really aren’t someone who can easily be taught like this. My guess is that you are at least an immortal."

Chen Xiang at least smiled. Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou, the two mysterious exceptional beauties were his instructors, and, the old cunning fox and Long Xueyi, the little vixen.