Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"I choose the dragon pearl!" This was what Long Xueyi had asked Chen Xiang to choose from. This was because the dragon pearl not only contained the life force of a dragon, but also the dragon soul. To Chen Xiang, it was far more precious than the Dragon corpse.

Du Hai no longer chatted with Chen Xiang, he had quietly recovered the energy that he had expended previously. What surprised Chen Xiang the most was that Du Hai actually had a way to absorb a very pure energy from the thick poisonous miasma.

"It's immortal qi. Immortal qi is everywhere in Sacred Dan Realm, and he's an immortal. He can easily absorb that kind of energy." Su Meiyao said.

After only six hours, Du Hai had completely recovered. At the moment, he was brimming with energy, and his entire body was releasing a very threatening Qi. This level of Qi, Chen Xiang only felt it the last time he met Bai Youyou's elder sister, Bai Ziqian.

Bai Ziqian was very strong, but he felt that Du Hai was not inferior to her at all.

"Kid, you can start now. From now on, you must find that beast within three days. Otherwise, you will lose!" Du Hai said very seriously.

Chen Xiang gave a bland laugh as he took out the Devil-suppressing mirror and started to spin on the spot. Only when the Devil-suppressing mirror started to emit a soft golden light did he stop spinning.

Du Hai saw that the Treasure Mirror in Chen Xiang's hand was not an ordinary item, it was just that he could not see its origin and specific uses. He furrowed his brows as he thought about it, because the energy released from the mirror made him feel that it was very familiar.

"Over here!" The Devil-suppressing mirror could feel that the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable had left something behind, but that thing had already been devoured by the dragon, so it only needed to look for the dragon through the treasure mirror. That was why he was so confident, he only needed to hurry and find the dragon within three days.

"Senior, my speed is not as fast as yours …" Just as he said this, he felt his arm being grabbed by a powerful hand. Following that was a strong gust of wind blowing towards him, causing him to have difficulty breathing. Moreover, there was also a wave of pressure that made him very uncomfortable.

Du Hai grabbed Chen Xiang and started to run, but it did not affect his speed. Chen Xiang was simply unable to see the things on both sides, because his speed was too fast.

Just at this moment, Du Hai yelled out. "Kid, you've won, remember our plan, I will use up all of his energy and then let you deal with him. You should be able to keep up with us, so I won't bring you along!"

Du Hai put down Chen Xiang, and in the blink of an eye, he disappeared. Chen Xiang was relieved of a great burden as he panted heavily, because if Du Hai carried him for another day or two, he would become an ice-cold corpse.

"This guy is too strong!" "Sister You You You, I feel that he is much stronger than your poisonous sister!" Chen Xiang said while panting with a face full of lingering fear. He did not want to experience that kind of experience a second time.

"Hard to say, it should be at that level." Bai Youyou said.

Chen Xiang rested for a moment, then turned into a bird and chased after her.

"I'm going to deal with a dragon. This seems to be the first time I'm going to do this!" Chen Xiang was a little nervous at this moment. Although the power of the dragon would be greatly depleted when the time came, he was still worried. After all, it was a dragon.

"Hmph, the first dragon you took on was me, and it was even the supreme Imperial Dragon Race!" Long Xueyi scoffed, the first time she saw Chen Xiang, Chen Xiang had already set his sights on her.

"Alright, this is the first time I'm going to fight a real dragon!" Chen Xiang did not know what would happen next, but he had already started to simulate all kinds of possible battles in his mind. This was something that Huang Jintian had trained him many times before.

"What's there to be afraid of? If not, there's still me!" You have learnt so many Kill Dragon Art s, it's finally going to be of use! " Long Xueyi said excitedly: "I really look forward to see what kind of expression that guy will have when he gets defeated by you. That means I can be considered half a master to you, hehe! "

Thinking that he could very quickly test out the Kill Dragon Art on a dragon, Chen Xiang also couldn't wait. This was a very rare opportunity, after all, there weren't many dragons that could have the same strength as him, and they could even slaughter each other!

This showed that Du Hai's speed was slowly decreasing. As long as Du Hai kept chasing after the dragon, that dragon would also consume a large amount of energy, just like himself.

Even if you do not have any true qi, it would be very difficult to deal with it. Du Hai must be aware of this, so he will definitely exhaust all of the dragon's true qi, leaving a small amount to defend against the poison aura. At that time, Du Hai will have already used up all of it, but at that time, Du Hai can stop to recover. Su Meiyao said, because this was the first time Chen Xiang had competed against a dragon that could take human form. Furthermore, it was a dragon whose strength was similar to a Dan Immortal.

"If you can't do it, you must speak up and ask Xue Yi to help you!" Bai Youyou urged.

Five days had passed and Chen Xiang had already returned to his human form. Running on the ground, he followed behind Du Hai and the dragon. While they were running at a high speed, their bodies would bump into the poisonous miasma, so the poisonous miasma's penetrative abilities were much stronger. In order to prevent themselves from getting poisoned, they needed to release more energy to defend themselves from the poisonous miasma.

"Old man, where did you find this brat? Do you think he can deal with me? This little demon that isn't even in Nirvana Stage is not even enough to fill the gaps in my teeth. You're basically sending him to his death! " The dragon quickly saw through Du Hai and Chen Xiang's plans.

"Hehe, don't look down on humans. The only reason I can find you so quickly is because of the path this kid is pointing to!" Du Hai laughed out loud. Although he had lost a Longevity fruit because of this, he was extremely excited because Chen Xiang's strength was not close to that of the Nirvana Stage, and even if that dragon did not have any power, it was not something that Chen Xiang could handle with just its body. However, Du Hai was extremely confident in Chen Xiang right now, and he knew that he would definitely not see the wrong person.

"Young man, you have to be prepared. Although this beast is in human form now, if you force him into a corner, he will turn into his real body. He will not be easy to deal with then!" Du Hai said.

"Senior, I was prepared a long time ago. I really want to teach this fellow that looks down on humans a lesson!" Chen Xiang said excitedly. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Human brat, it's fine if you don't understand our dragon. You are ignorant, but if you say such arrogant words, you will die miserably!" The dragon was also confused as to why Chen Xiang was able to walk so freely within the cave, as he did not need to worry about the poisonous miasma at all.

Chen Xiang felt that it was extremely funny. It could be said that he understood dragons very well, because he only had an Emperor Dragon with him.