Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 600

The chase continued. Du Hai and the dragon's speed had already become extremely slow, Chen Xiang could easily shake them off easily, but when Chen Xiang encountered the energy in their bodies, it was still very dense, it was just that they were used to defend against poison. From this, Chen Xiang could see that Du Hai's dragon was extremely strong, or else they would not have been fighting for decades.

"Brat, it's your turn to go up. I can't hold on any longer. If this goes on, I won't have the strength to resist the poison!" Du Hai looked very weak.

He had been waiting for Chen Xiang, and like a hungry wolf, he sprinted towards the dragon. With a few leaps, he arrived in front of the dragon, blocking its path.

"I've said it before, a brat like you isn't worthy to fight against me. My body isn't something a little kid like you can take care of. Don't look down on dragons!"

After standing in front of Chen Xiang, was an extremely handsome and robust man. His face was filled with disdain as he looked at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang's face darkened, and said: "You were originally a water attribute python, so you might have accidentally activated the dragon clan's special inheritance of memories. You are a python, and have an extremely thin dragon blood within your body, which is why this kind of phenomenon happened! "After you obtain the inheritance of memories, you should have mastered the Forbidden Devil Arts in the dragon clan. By swallowing infants to make yourself stronger, you will be able to quickly transform into a dragon and master a formidable strength!"

Hearing Chen Xiang's words, the dragon's body trembled, his face full of disbelief.

Du Hai, who was recuperating not far away, frowned. Chen Xiang's understanding of dragons surprised him.

"Rumor has it that once this news spreads out, the Imperial Dragon Race will ignore everything else. Even if he were to cross over tens of thousands of worlds, he would still want to kill that fellow who cultivates the Dragon Clan's Forbidden Demon Strike! This isn't something that an ordinary person can find. Back then, when I was still a little kid, I heard my master and a few old fellows talking about it by chance.

"Boa dragon, that's what the dragon race calls you, right?" Chen Xiang said.

"This is a lowly title. One day, I will let those conceited pure-blooded dragons know that our evolved dragons are stronger than them. As long as I kill you, my matter will not be leaked out!" This Boa dragon was obviously very afraid of the Imperial Dragon Race.

Du Hai and the Boa dragon could not understand why Chen Xiang could see through the dragon clan's taboo martial arts cultivation.

"You can't kill me, even if I don't have any power, the immortal equipment can't cut through my flesh!" The Boa dragon laughed sinisterly: "Brat, I won't kill you right from the start. I will chop off your limbs and let you watch me eat them, haha ?-"

Just as the Boa dragon was laughing, a green light flashed in Chen Xiang's hands, and the Boa dragon's terrifying laughter came to a sudden stop. His face changed suddenly and became filled with fear: "Green dragon demon-slain broadsword ?- Impossible, could it be that you have grasped Four-phase Magic Kungfu? "

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "This blade should be able to cut open your skin, right?!"

"It is said that the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword had fallen into the Mortal Realm. Not only can it behead demons and exterminate devils, it can also behead dragons and gods. The legendary green dragon participated in forging, but later on, the power of the dragon soul lost and its power greatly decreased ?-" Before Du Hai could finish speaking, the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword in Chen Xiang's hand trembled slightly, and released a stern and solemn dragon roar, which carried a bit of awe-inspiring majesty, showing that the blade had his soul.

Seeing the blade, the Boa dragon slowly retreated. In the deep forest surrounded by the green poisonous miasma, his eyesight was not affected at all. Very quickly, he caught a glimpse of a pair of white gloves on Chen Xiang's hands.

"Slaughter God's Hand!" The Boa dragon trembled all over.

Du Hai's pupils suddenly contracted as he cried out in alarm: "Slaughter God's Hand is being personally watched by the White Tiger, could it be that you..."

Chen Xiang became even more determined now. When he was not strong enough, he would definitely not walk in a high levelled world like the Immortal and Sacred Dan Realm, because the people in this kind of world were all very knowledgeable. If they knew that he had multiple types of Divine Equipment, it would be very troublesome for him.

"Could it be that you have gathered all of Four Symbols Divine Weapons?" The Boa dragon gritted his teeth as he spoke. At this moment, the little kid Chen Xiang was giving him a sense of danger he had never felt before.

"It's about time!" Chen Xiang's body trembled, a set of beautiful golden armor suddenly appeared on his body, making him look mighty and domineering, making him look like a god who ruled the world.

The Boa dragon immediately let out a wild roar, and threw a punch towards Chen Xiang as if it was thunder and lightning.

Once this fist was unleashed, the energy that exploded out caused the ground to crack and all the trees in the surroundings to explode into dust. One must know that this Sacred Dan Realm was a high level realm, but was also affected by such a degree of destruction, showing that the power behind Boa dragon's fist was not weak at all.

In that instant, Chen Xiang dodged with his fastest speed, but he was still a little bit too slow. His body was still struck by the fierce fist force, and although he had the protection of the profoundwu diamond armour, the strong vibrating power was still able to penetrate through the layers of defense and shock into his body.

Chen Xiang wiped off the blood from the corner of his mouth, ate a small piece of Hell Ganoderma, and laughed coldly: "Looks like this is the last time you'll use the Dragon Power, and it's so weak too!"

Just then, the Boa dragon was using the Dragon Power, but it was not powerful enough. From this, it could be seen that the energy in the Boa dragon's body was extremely weak.

Even so, Chen Xiang was heavily injured.

The Boa dragon knew that he couldn't keep fighting with Chen Xiang anymore. Otherwise, once Du Hai recovered his strength, he would be done for.

"So what? Even if you have Four Symbols Divine Weapons s, you are still not my match! " The Boa dragon's body was like an arrow, its ten fingers suddenly revealed the sharp claws, and it looked as hard and sharp as diamond.

Chen Xiang only felt a gust of cool breeze blow past him, five deep gusts of cold Qi. That kind of speed and power, actually produced five sharp and powerful force, flying towards Chen Xiang in the air.

Chen Xiang tilted his head and dodged. The five auras pierced through a large tree far away and quickly caused a row of trees to fall.

As he dodged, Chen Xiang suddenly grabbed onto the hilt of the blade. The true energy inside his body gushed out, gathered in his dantian, collided with it, and fused, transforming into a form of energy that contained a terrifying might. Then, it spread to Chen Xiang's limbs and bones, and started to circulate at the speed of light in his body.

Seeing the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword suddenly erupting with white light, causing the surrounding area to tremble slightly, the Boa dragon was immediately horrified.

Sensing the terrifying aura the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was releasing, Du Hai said seriously: "This is the Dragon Power, if humans want to use this kind of power, they either possess the bloodline of a dragon themselves, or have learned the legendary Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu!" Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

While speaking, Chen Xiang's body flashed, leaving behind only a slowly fading afterimage on the spot, and a figure that slashed down with its blade.

"Boom!" An explosion resounded as Chen Xiang's incomparably violent slash landed, causing sparks to burst out. The sharp blade edge stopped on top of a hard dragon claw covered in black scales.