After the box was opened. The things inside surprised Chen Xiang, but it was within his expectations that there was actually a chest full of blood inside the coffin-like golden chest!

The blood was red, but it flickered with a golden light, causing Chen Xiang’s breathing to quicken. He firmly believed that this was the reason why he was looking for the Devil-suppressing blood!

"Is this the Devil-suppressing blood you spoke of? I’ll take some out and take a look! " Du Hai took out a small spoon. The material of this spoon was similar to his amazing Pig Slaughtering Knife.

Just as the ladle touched the blood, it suddenly melted and turned into a strand of gold smoke and disappeared. This scared Du Hai to the point that his face turned ugly.

"Impossible! Although I don’t know what kind of stone it is, it is extremely tough. It was actually melted so easily by the blood!" As Du Hai said that, he slowly extended his trembling finger. Just as he was about to touch the blood, he suddenly retracted his hand, and with his other hand, he took out his Pig Slaughtering Knife and used his fastest speed to cut off one of his fingers!

"Extremely poisonous!" Du Hai’s face was filled with fear. "If I had been slightly slower just now, I would have melted away now!"

Chen Xiang’s face was also filled with shock. Looking at Du Hai’s broken hand that had turned into mist, Du Hai was an extremely powerful immortal, and also a Dan Immortal, able to eat some high grade medicinal pellets. His body was definitely comparable to ordinary people, but right now, he was unable to endure the poison.

"Senior, are you alright?" Seeing that Du Hai had lost one of his hands, Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"Don’t worry, I have a way to allow myself to have another hand. There shouldn’t be a problem, is this really the Devil-suppressing blood you were looking for? Why do I feel like this is the blood essence of the poisonous dragon! Otherwise, there would never be such a strong poison, and I dare say that no one in Sacred Dan Realm would be able to handle this poison! " Du Hai said with a serious face. At this time, his eyes were filled with fear, he was not the type of person who would be afraid so easily.

"It definitely isn’t Dragon Blood. If it was Dragon Blood, I would be able to recognize it immediately!" This must be the Devil-suppressing blood! " Long Xueyi said with absolute certainty.

Chen Xiang walked to the side of the chest and stared at the chest full of Golden Light Redology. He laughed: "This is not Poison Dragon Blood, this is definitely Devil-suppressing blood!"

With that, Chen Xiang extended his finger out.

"Stop!" Seeing this, Du Hai was shocked, and shouted loudly.

Just as Du Hai was about to cut off his palm, he suddenly froze, because after Chen Xiang took the blood, he was fine. Furthermore, he had a smile on his face, and used his tongue to taste the blood!

Du Hai quickly understood and shook his head as he sighed, "Why didn’t I think of that? You little rascal have cultivated the Devil-suppressing Golden Body, impenetrable, as long as you are not afraid of this poison, if Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable wants to find a suitable person to pass on this Devil-suppressing blood, this person definitely needs to learn the Devil-suppressing kungfu and cultivate until the Devil-suppressing Golden Body. So, in order to prevent others from accidentally obtaining this bloodline, he came here to look for the most powerful poison and assimilate it! "

In order to make the Devil-suppressing blood safe, the Immortal-poisoning Devil Forest was indeed the best place. For an accident, the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable was even fusing the Poison Dragon’s Blood into his veins, if not for the fact that he cultivated the Devil-suppressing Golden Body, he would definitely be poisoned to death in an instant.

"This thing is yours now. Even if I had ten lives, I wouldn’t be able to afford this kind of thing!" Du Hai lamented.

Chen Xiang took out a Purple dragon flower, handed it over to Du Hai, and said with a smile: "I’ll keep my word. If this is mine, I’ll give you the Purple dragon flower as compensation.

This thing belongs to you. Even if I don’t find it, you will find it sooner or later. Du Hai actually rejected the Purple dragon flower.

Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "Do you want me to go back on my words? I had defeated you as a Longevity fruit, and also obtained a Dragon Pearl ... "

Du Hai laughed out loud: "Thinking about it still makes me feel bad. It seems that I can only feel better after taking back the Purple dragon flower!"

After obtaining the Purple dragon flower, Du Hai lovingly looked at it, "You mysterious brat, what kind of background do you have to actually give me such a good Purple dragon flower, and it doesn’t even hurt at all?

Although Chen Xiang would not stay in the Sacred Dan Realm for long, he would definitely return in the future. Why not make friends with someone who could shake the entire Sacred Dan Realm?

"Hehe, have you seen my granddaughter? For this girl to be able to tell you my whereabouts, she must have a lot of trust in you. For her to trust a person who had only known her for a short period of time is like a miracle in the world, not to mention that she’s a man! " Du Hai laughed, and looked at Chen Xiang with an unusual yet kind gaze.

Chen Xiang coughed twice, and asked knowingly: "Senior, what am I talking about?" Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

To be honest, after so many years of chasing after her, there isn’t a single person who is able to catch her and my son’s eyes, and there is one right in front of them! Hehe, you can’t be looking down on Yanyao, right? " Du Hai realised that the more he looked at Chen Xiang, the more he liked him.

"This... I already have a woman, and there’s more than one! Are you trying to make your granddaughter marry a playboy like me? " Chen Xiang anxiously said.

"What’s wrong with that? Yanyao doesn’t care, it’s fine as long as it’s men. It’s normal for more women to appear. Du Hai said as his mouth twitched.

"We’ll talk about it in the future, I still have to return to the Mortal Wu Realm. Right now, I have a lot of things to do, and I also have many enemies." Chen Xiang forced a smile. If Xue Xianxian knew that he was here trying to take advantage of her, he would definitely not give her such a good face.

"That’s right, no matter what, you two have to go through Nirvana Doom first. Otherwise, it will hurt your heart!" Du Hai could not help but feel sorrowful, as he could tell that he had such a tragic experience.

Chen Xiang changed the topic and said, "Why don’t we stay here for a while to search for the Dragon Pearl of the Poison Dragon?"

"There’s no need to look for it. Since Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable has come here before, this kind of good thing definitely won’t be left to us. That Boa dragon from before must came to look for the Dragon Pearl of the Poison Dragon." Du Hai waved his hand and said.

Looking at the Devil-suppressing blood in the chest, Chen Xiang muttered: "Seems like I have to fuse with this bloodline here."

"I’ll watch from the side. I guarantee your safety. Don’t worry!" Du Hai also wanted to see what would happen after Chen Xiang merged with it.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath and placed both of his hands into the coffin-like box, immersing himself in the golden Redology.

Once the Devil-suppressing blood touched flesh, it would quickly spread out, and in the blink of an eye, the blood inside the box disappeared.