Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang came up from the secret underground room. But Du Kangsheng left.

"That was your father?" Chen Xiang laughed: "Future father-in-law!"

"Humph, you already know the answer, so you should be prepared. Tomorrow is the day of battle, and according to the rules of the tournament, it will be a life and death battle, but in order to prevent the two forces from forming a feud, we have to stop there, but if the other party is being too aggressive, then do not hold back!" Du Yanyao said.

"For the sake of obtaining the Sacred Dan City, every force would send out their strongest people, and our Du Family has only sent a few outstanding disciples of the younger generation. Originally, second or third City Lord was pretty good, but you have already killed them all!"

Chen Xiang laughed: "If that’s the case, if I don’t help you win this competition, you will definitely blame me!"

Du Yanyao wrinkled her nose, and said: "Of course not, you be careful, there are many people who wish for nothing more than for you to die."

"It is all because of you. After I become your fiance, I will be the enemy of all the men in Sacred Dan City, but it doesn’t matter."

Right now, Chen Xiang only wanted to be free to do whatever he wanted in the Sacred Dan City and then return back to Mortal Martial Realm.

"Middle stage of the Soul Martial Realm, I’m afraid there isn’t enough time, if not I could have advanced to the late stage by using the Dragon Pearl! When the time comes, I will become even stronger. The disciples of the famous sects in Sacred Dan Realm will not be weak! " Even though Chen Xiang had fused with a Devil-suppressing blood, he was about to face a few peak Hundred refining realm cultivators, those who were half-step into the Nirvana Stage and were favored by the heavens.

"Eighty-four thousand Zhenyuan granule, I wonder how far they will be compared with those warriors at the peak of the Hundred refining realm?" Inside the underground stone room, Chen Xiang secretly calculated that during the competition, some things would happen suddenly, which would cause a lot of consumption of his Innate Qi.

To reach the peak of the Hundred refining realm, one would need to compress a lot of true energy. Furthermore, every time they break through, they would be able to obtain the Power of giving, and being able to replace the clan members who control the Sacred Dan City, these people are definitely not weak, and the Power of giving they obtained might even be ten times more. This is the same as the Immortal World, the martial arts of the God level and the Holy level are definitely numerous. Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang took out the Dragon Pearl, held it in his palm and looked at it, feeling the boundless energy within.

"If I were to completely devour this Dragon Pearl, how strong would I become?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"Take it a little bit at a time. If you eat it once, it will cause you to explode!" Bai Youyou said.

"How about this, you give me the Dragon Pearl, while I digest it, I will pour it into your body, and then you circulate the Fire Dan Tian, and fuse with the energy. In order to quickly raise your cultivation, I will condense the energy in the Dragon Pearl into the strongest Dragon Power!" Long Xueyi said.

"You can do that?" Chen Xiang was overjoyed, and immediately nodded in agreement.

"It’s just a small matter. That way, you can obtain the energy of the Dragon Pearl anytime you want! However, devouring the dragon soul is not possible, and requires you to use your own time to devour it! " Long Xueyi said: "I am a dragon myself, it is very easy to compress the energy in the Dragon Pearl into Dragon Power. You better prepare to refine it!"

Chen Xiang handed the Dragon Pearl to Long Xueyi, and very quickly, Long Xueyi began, he felt an energy carrying a berserk aura, it suddenly entered his body and rushed through the various sized and small meridians, causing him to feel extremely comfortable.

He activated Fire god method, and Fire Dan Tian sprayed out Refine Power into his four limbs and bones, refining those Dragon Power, transforming these Dragon Power into his!

Chen Xiang suddenly realized that after the Dragon Power entered the Zhenyuan granule, it had a strange change. The Dragon Power originally did not have a type of attribute, but after entering the Vermillion Bird, it had a type. The fire type Dragon Power was able to light up the Zhenyuan granule very quickly because the quality of the Dragon Power was extremely high.

"I didn’t expect the results to be so good!" Chen Xiang secretly gasped in surprise, then he closed his eyes and started to seriously cultivate. Right now, his body was extremely strong, so he didn’t have to worry about being unable to contain the boundless energy.

The next morning, Chen Xiang came out of his secret underground room and found Du Yanyao waiting for him.

In just one night, Chen Xiang had increased by more than three thousand Zhenyuan granule. Although he was walking around now, he was still refining the Dragon Power that Long Xueyi sent him.

However, Long Xueyi had said that she could not continuously do this because it would consume a lot of her Fa Li. If it was used too frequently, it would cause the Dragon Power to be impure.

"Let’s go. There’s no time to rest from this morning until the end of the match." Du Yanyao became very serious, she valued this competition a lot.

Chen Xiang, on the other hand, was very relaxed. As he sat in the carriage, he channeled his Fire god method and cultivated, feeling the wonderful feeling of the endless Dragon Power surging into his body.

"There are a total of eight forces participating in the martial arts competition, and each faction can only send out three people at most. When the time comes, lots will be drawn and the designated lots will be used to defend the arena. Once that person loses, he will be eliminated!"

Chen Xiang frowned: "If I become the one guarding the stage, wouldn’t that mean I would suffer a huge loss? That’s a war of attrition! "

When the time comes, there will be two stages, divided into two groups. As the City Lord’s side, we will defend one stage, the other one will be decided by the seven powers, and the division will also be carried out during the drawing of lots! Du Yanyao’s face became incomparably cold. She also knew the reason why no one had been able to take charge of the Sacred Dan City for two consecutive sessions. It was all because of the arena master.

The side that became the arena master would lose most of their matches in the final round.

"In that case, the match between the two arenas will take place at the end of the arena!" The corner of Chen Xiang’s eyes twitched. The two of them had to face the challenges of three forces, a total of nine people. Moreover, they wouldn’t have much time to rest. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Du Yanyao nodded her head: "If I lose the first round, I won’t be able to compete in the rest of the matches, including the finals! If that’s the case, you’ll have to go to the finals alone. "

The fighting arena was huge, it was inside a huge circular building, in the middle of the plaza there were two circular Contest Ring s, the Contest Ring was enveloped in an array formation, preventing it from affecting the surroundings during the competition, and the fighting arena was also filled with people, all of them were hosted by the Sacred Dan School, so the Sacred Dan School would charge them a fee to enter the competition, and they would be able to get one ticket.

When the time came, the Sacred Dan Meeting would also be held here.

Chen Xiang saw other powers, all of them were young people with strong powers, most of them were at the peak of the Hundred refining realm, Chen Xiang could only recognize one person.

But everyone knew who Chen Xiang was, why was Chen Xiang so popular now, because there were very few women like Du Yanyao, who were able to refine pills and become strong, of the eight forces that were participating in the competition, only Du Yanyao was a woman.