Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Mortal Realm? " Du Yanyao was in disbelief: "Are all the people from the Mortal Realm so powerful?"

"Of course not. I was just lucky! " Chen Xiang laughed. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Then why don’t you stay here? This is the holy land of the Alchemist, with your talent, you will definitely receive the attention of the powers here, and I will be able to introduce you to the Du Family! " Du Yanyao asked, puzzled.

"My wife, my friends are all in Mortal Realm. Great War between Three Realms is coming soon, I want to fight alongside them! To be honest, I do not wish to be affiliated with any power unless I am the one who established my own sect! " Chen Xiang said seriously.

Hearing that Chen Xiang was leaving the Sacred Dan Realm in the future, Du Yanyao suddenly felt very sad, she was extremely depressed: "Will you still be coming to the Sacred Dan Realm in the future?"

"Yes, but that might be a long time in the future!" Chen Xiang clenched his fist tightly. He had made a huge decision: when he came to the Sacred Dan Realm again, the power he had would definitely not be threatened by any other power.

Du Yanyao naturally knew that it would be extremely difficult for someone from the Mortal Realm to come to the Sacred Dan Realm. She asked in a low voice, "Chen Xiang, when you go back, can you ... Bring me as well? "

Seeing Du Yanyao’s sad expression, Chen Xiang sighed slightly: "Yanyao, if you go to the Mortal Realm, you will only be ruined. It would be better for you to stay here, especially when it comes to dealing with Nirvana Doom.

Du Yanyao nodded. Her grandfather had also told her about this kind of thing, because at that time, she would know that the person she loved had turned into ashes under the influence of Nirvana Doom.

And with Du Yanyao in the Sacred Dan Realm, under the protection of her grandfather, who was a Dan Immortal, it would be much easier for her to cross Nirvana Doom.

"Can you promise me that you’ll definitely come to Sacred Dan Realm to find me in the future?!" Du Yanyao asked softly.

"Mm, I’ll definitely come. You must promise me as well. When the time comes, you must wait for me here!" Chen Xiang laughed.

Du Yanyao revealed a beautiful and enchanting sweet smile, and nodded: "Definitely!"

"How did the Sacred Dan Meeting start?" Chen Xiang asked. He was only wondering why Du Hai didn’t receive the slightest bit of information when he returned.

The first day of the auction starts with the auction, but because it’s a special period right now, all the powerful antiques will go and block those spatial rifts, so they won’t participate. That way, there won’t be any fierce fights at the auction, and of course, there won’t be any high level medicinal ingredients.

Chen Xiang’s eyes flashed, Sacred Dan Meeting was a gathering of many Alchemist, although there were not many strong old fellows participating, but the Sacred Dan Realm was rich in resources, at that time, the auction would definitely have many high grade herbs.

"After the auction, there will be a trade fair. There will be many Alchemist who will trade pills or other items in private, and in the end, there will be a competition to refine pills. Once the competition is over, the Sacred Dan Meeting will announce the end of the competition." Du Yanyao patiently said, knowing that Chen Xiang was not from this world.

Chen Xiang said: "Yanyao, can you do me a favor?"

"Even if I can’t do it, I’ll definitely think of a way to help you!" Du Yanyao immediately replied. She really wanted to thank Chen Xiang.

"I have a few Zhenyuan Dan, I want to change these Zhenyuan Dan into Spar, I want to participate in the auction. This Sacred Dan Realm has a lot of resources, I want to buy some rare spirit medicines." Chen Xiang said.

"How many Zhenyuan Dan are going to fall out of your hands?" Du Yanyao was a City Lord of the Sacred Dan City and also a Alchemist. There were a lot of resources available, and it was even easier for her to make use of her grandfather Du Hai’s relationship.

"It could probably sell for more than a billion Spar!" Chen Xiang said.

"More than a billion Spar? This is very easy to do, leave it to me! " Du Yanyao laughed: "If it’s not enough, I can give it to you. There’s no need to return it, you can tell me what kind of spirit medicine you need."

Chen Xiang took out a few Storage bag s and handed them over to Du Yanyao, then smiled: "You want to help me exchange these into Spar, I will talk about it when you need it, but I will not lend it to you for nothing."

Du Yanyao took the Storage bag from Chen Xiang’s hands and immediately left the City Lord’s Mansion.

Su Meiyao said: "If there was no old fellow participating, there would definitely not be many rare and expensive medicinal ingredients. If there was an old fellow participating in the auction, even if Du Yanyao lent you the Spar, you wouldn’t be able to beat those old fellows."

Right now, I just need to collect a few Earth Grade Low Rank Dan s. In Sacred Dan Realm, it should not be harder to find than in Mortal Realm, right?

In the secret basement, Su Meiyao laid on her clothes while wearing a purple dress. She looked at Chen Xiang with her mesmerizing eyes, gently stroking Chen Xiang’s firm and handsome face. She realized that she already loved this little man so much that she was afraid of him dying.

Ever since he had fallen in love with Su Meiyao, every time Chen Xiang saw her, he couldn’t help but have a fierce kiss with her, causing the two of them to become extremely excited. Although they didn’t do anything further, they were both very satisfied.

"sister Meiyao, I will definitely let you guys recover to the peak of your abilities, and kill your enemies!" Chen Xiang embraced the disheveled Su Meiyao and caressed her black hair as he spoke with determination.

"We have a lot of enemies, and many of them are great figures of both the Immortal and Demon Realms!" Su Meiyao chuckled: "But I have faith in you, little scoundrel, and I also want to recover my strength as soon as possible. At that time, I can truly become your woman!"

As she said that, she patted Chen Xiang’s slightly firm crotch and giggled, causing Chen Xiang’s heart to lurch. He immediately pressed the seductive body under his body, containing her alluring cherry lips, and once again fiercely kissed her ... ...

Chen Xiang and Su Meiyao were kissing passionately, when Long Xueyi suddenly said: "Your future father-in-law is here!"

It was Du Yanyao’s father, Du Kangsheng, the father-in-law that Long Xueyi was talking about!

"He’s up there!"

This scared Su Meiyao so much that she anxiously went back into the storage ring, and Chen Xiang quickly tidied up the bedding and dispersed the fragrance that Su Meiyao had left behind, quickly walking out of the secret underground room.

Chen Xiang walked out from the underground stone room and saw Du Kangsheng sitting in the middle of the hall with Du Yanyao pouring tea beside him.

Seeing Chen Xiang coming out, Du Kangsheng stood up and smiled: "I heard about you from Yanyao, here are 1.5 billion Spar!"

Chen Xiang took the Storage bag that was tossed to him. His Zhenyuan Dan was at most worth one to two hundred to three billion Spar.

With one look, he could tell that Du Kangsheng was an immortal who had surpassed the Nirvana Stage. This kind of Spar was nothing in his eyes.

Chen Xiang immediately bowed, and said with a smile: "I didn’t think that this brat would alarm Senior with just a little bit."

"The moment I heard you killed Xie Donghao, I came over immediately!" Du Kangsheng laughed out loud: "Xie Donghao that little bastard has been pestering Yanyao all day, I had wanted to kill him long ago, but because his grandfather is being too powerful, but now, even if you kill this brat, his grandfather wouldn’t be able to say anything!"