Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The other experts were currently going to seal the spatial rift. But this Du Kangsheng appeared here every two or three days, looking very leisurely.

"Don’t worry. After you kill Xie Donghao, if Sacred Dan School dares to find trouble with you, my Du Family will definitely help you take care of it!" Du Kangsheng patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder.

Chen Xiang laughed: "Thank you."

Du Kangsheng laughed: "Right now, you are in a hurry to get so many Spar. Do you want to join the auction? "However, I advise you not to think about it. Not to mention you, even I might not be able to participate when the time comes. Those old guys, in order to participate in this ranking meeting, have completed it in advance and blocked all the space cracks in the levels one to eighteen."

"What?"

Chen Xiang and Du Yanyao cried out in alarm. The old people that Du Kangsheng talked about were naturally those fellows who stood at the top of the Sacred Dan Realm. People like them, who were not even Nirvana Stage s, could forget about surviving in this auction.

"Don’t be so desperate, even if these old fellows weren’t there, it would still be difficult for you guys to obtain the Immortal Grade’s or Heaven level’s spiritual medicines. The auction is being handled by the Sacred Dan School, and I’ve learnt that there would be some lower tier medicinal ingredients and other things being auctioned off at that time." Du Kangsheng laughed, "Of course, if those old fellows take a fancy to those things ¡­ "Heh heh."

"Daddy, is there any news of grandpa?" Du Yanyao asked with a face full of worry.

Du Kangsheng, whose face was originally full of smiles, immediately darkened. He sighed and shook his head: "No, but don’t worry. Although your grandfather’s strength is not the strongest in Sacred Dan Realm, his abilities are not small.

"Even if your grandfather wasn’t in the Du Family, no one would dare to touch us, so you don’t have to worry. After the Sacred Dan Meeting is over, someone will come and take over your position in the City Lord, and then you can return to the clan to receive your reward. In the future, you don’t need to have to take care of some chores for your family, and it will allow you to cultivate and refine pills in peace."

Du Kangsheng left, but Chen Xiang was extremely suspicious, because that Du Hai had not returned to the Du Family; otherwise, Du Kangsheng would definitely have found out.

Since Du Hai did not tell his son and granddaughter about his return, Chen Xiang did not mention it either. He knew that Du Hai probably had other intentions for doing so.

"Yanyao, what kind of precious things would appear in the auction?" Chen Xiang asked. If he let someone else buy an extremely precious spirit medicine right in front of his eyes, his heart would hurt.

In the last auction, three high-grade Immortal Grade’s medicinal ingredients appeared. You should know, these kinds of things are not usually sold, they were only used by those who were in a hurry to establish their own sects, using these to exchange for a large amount of wealth. Du Yanyao shook her head and sighed. She had originally wanted to buy some medicinal ingredients that she needed through the auction.

Now that those old fellows were free, and had brought their proud disciples or grandchildren to participate in the auction, it was difficult for them to snatch any good stuff. Those old fellows had been in the Sacred Dan Realm for many years, controlling countless of treasures, making their moves extravagantly.

Chen Xiang felt that it was a pity that all those high grade medicinal herbs were in his hands, as he would be able to duplicate a large amount of them. In the hands of others, they might even turn into ashes during the process of refining pills.

"Chen Xiang, what ingredients do you need to collect?" Du Yanyao saw Chen Xiang’s depressed face and asked.

"I want everything that’s good, but right now, I want a set of Earth Grade Low Rank Dan’s medicine that’s more commonly used." If Chen Xiang wanted to have a better grasp on refining the Earth Grade Low Rank Dan, he had to refine three types of common pills, but he only had two at the moment.

Du Yanyao said: "I can help you get the Nine quenching body Dan."

"That I have!" Chen Xiang shook his head.

"Where’s the Longevity Dan?" Du Yanyao continued to ask.

"I have one too!" Chen Xiang sighed.

Du Yanyao was a little surprised. If she wanted to obtain these medicinal ingredients, she would have to go through her clan and her father. However, Chen Xiang, a person from Mortal Realm, had all of them.

"There are some unpopular pills in the family, but they are not often used, so it’s not enough to refine your hands." Du Yanyao’s face had an apologetic look. "I’m sorry, I can’t help you in this aspect."

"It’s alright!" Chen Xiang said, the resources in the Sacred Dan Realm were considered rich, there were all sorts of ingredients for the higher levelled pills that were commonly used, and all of these were short-lived things in the Mortal Realm.

Time flew by, and in the blink of an eye, the once-a-century Holy Elixir Auction had begun. In the blink of an eye, the hundred-year Holy Elixir Auction began, and the location of the auction was located in a huge stone building near the martial arena.

Chen Xiang could see many luxurious carriages from far, stopped outside the auction place. Although those people were powerful, but the reason they rode on the carriages was just to show their esteemed status, and it was not even an ordinary carriage.

"Going in would actually cost me ten billion. If not for you, Yanyao, I’m afraid I would have been rejected!" When Chen Xiang heard the news, he was extremely surprised.

"If I wasn’t City Lord and if I didn’t rely on my father, I wouldn’t even be qualified to enter. The Holy Elixir Auction was originally prepared for those old fellows, we are only there to broaden our horizons." Du Yanyao had a helpless expression.

Chen Xiang now had around two billion Spar, which could be considered a small wealthy person in Mortal Realm. Especially considering his age, but in Sacred Dan Realm, he was not qualified to enter the Holy Elixir Auction House.

"Roaaaaar!"

Du Yanyao and Chen Xiang suddenly heard an enraged beast roar, following that, a burst of hot air swept over, the ground slightly trembled, and they immediately looked towards the direction of the roar.

It was coming from another street. Not long after the sound appeared, everyone saw a giant blue lion running over. It had blue flames all over its body, making it look very powerful and frightening.

"What’s going on with the Fury Flame Lion?" Chen Xiang said in shock. There was someone sitting on top of this blue Flame Lion.

This kind of Fury Flame Lion would usually be a ninth ranked Spirit Beast, but they were all red flames.

"This Fury Flame Lion has a Fire Soul, it should be a Blue Fire Soul!" Du Yanyao said with a serious face, he anxiously flew forward, and the Fury Flame Lion rushed over from afar, all the way while leaving footprints on the stone street. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

At a glance, craters formed on the ground under their feet, causing the ground to split open and blue flames to ignite. Doing this was basically not putting the laws of the Sacred Dan City in their eyes.

As a City Lord, Du Yanyao obviously could not just sit there and watch. Furthermore, this person was simply provoking her dignity.

"Oh, you’re Sacred Dan City’s Du Yanyao? It is indeed just as the rumors say, she is a iconic beauty. This kind of woman is the one that I want to conquer the most! " The man riding on the Fury Flame Lion laughed and said. His words were frivolous, causing Du Yanyao to be furious.