Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was a person that was unwilling to give in. The more others wanted him to bow his head, the more he was unwilling! Although Du Kangsheng used an incomparably strong power to suppress him and prevent him from moving, he did not hesitate at all.

At this time, his strength had already far exceeded the limits of his own body. With Long Xueyi’s strength, his physical strength and the power of the Innate Qi merged together, his strength increased explosively, at a speed that even Du Kangsheng could not believe.

The most terrifying thing was that a huge blade with a green light suddenly appeared in Chen Xiang’s hand. The body of the blade was carved with an Azure Dragon, it was dignified and dignified, as though an Ancient Azure Dragon had merged with the blade, following Chen Xiang’s instigation of power, the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword released a deep dragon roar.

Chen Xiang used all of his strength and leveled the Divine Blade towards the terrified Lin Yushi.

Two dragon roars suddenly erupted. One was roared by Chen Xiang, and the other was a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword!

The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword in Chen Xiang’s hands suddenly flew out and disappeared. A green light flashed, and after it left Chen Xiang’s hand, it became a miniature green dragon, but the aura it gave off was extremely terrifying.

The green dragon formed from the divine blade bared its fangs and brandished its claws, roared angrily and swallowed up the mountains and rivers, as fast as lightning, it pierced through Lin Yushi’s body, transforming into a green light that returned to Chen Xiang’s body and disappeared.

But a huge hole, the size of a bowl, had appeared on Lin Yushi’s chest! RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"You ¡­ "You ¡­" Lin Yushi did not die, he anxiously took out a pill and consumed it. The hole in his chest started to grow flesh and blood quickly, and he recovered to his original state.

Chen Xiang’s body trembled, his fists clenched, his expression serious, he still wanted to attack!

Even the immortal Du Kangsheng was shocked by Chen Xiang’s attack. This was because the strength that Chen Xiang had displayed was definitely above that of the Extreme realm, but Chen Xiang was still a warrior of the Extreme realm!

"Enough!" Du Kangsheng came to Chen Xiang’s side. Lin Yushi did not die, which made him heave a sigh of relief.

"Just because he came out of Chaotic Mountain, he can kill me, and I can’t kill him?" Chen Xiang’s voice was cold as he looked at Lin Yushi expressionlessly.

Seeing Chen Xiang not wanting to kill himself, everyone broke out into a cold sweat for him. As long as it was someone from the Sacred Dan Realm s who heard the three words "Chaotic Mountain," they all listened to him like thunder.

On the other hand, Chen Xiang had gone mad, he actually wanted to kill the people of Chaotic Mountain.

Du Yanyao was also worried that Chen Xiang might lose his life provoking the Chaotic Mountain, after she calmed down, she anxiously asked: "What proof do you have that you are from Chaotic Mountain?"

"Humph, I will remember you. From just now, you have become an enemy of the Chaotic Mountain!" Lin Yushi looked at Chen Xiang angrily. His indifferent and elegant demeanor had disappeared completely.

Lin Yushi took out an order badge. The order badge looked like it was made of flames, like maple leaves. It was just a grayish color, with a layer of disorderly mist coming out from it.

The most frightening thing was that the hot air that was spewing out of the chaotic mist was actually a type of flame!

"This is a Chaos fire, you know what this means!" Lin Yushi looked at the people around him with a face full of fear and arrogance.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "So you are just a bully. I thought you were that powerful, to be able to make others admire you, that’s true skill, to rely on the Chaotic Mountain behind you to show off your strength, others only fear the Chaotic Mountain behind you, if not for Chaotic Mountain, you are nothing in our eyes!"

After everyone saw him make his move, they thought that he was going to attack Lin Yushi, but that was not it, because he was still standing at his original position. It was just that after he made his move, the Chaos fire appeared in his hand!

"Haha ¡­" Can I also impersonate a person from the Chaotic Mountain now? " Chen Xiang looked at the Chaos fire in his hand, laughed loudly, and threw it into the ring.

Everyone was stunned, their faces full of shock, as though they were looking at a sculpture!

No one knew that he snatched the Chaos fire from Lin Yushi’s hands from so far away a distance, but no one cared what he did, only that he snatched the Chaos fire away and even kept it inside the Storage magic treasure.

Picking up objects through the air was a small technique that Long Xueyi had suddenly imparted to Chen Xiang earlier, it could be considered a type of spatial technique, and required a certain amount of spirit power to perform. Furthermore, it consumed a large amount of spirit power.

But his gains were huge, he obtained the Chaos fire, and according to Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou’s appraisal, it’s treasure.

"Are you crazy?" Du Kangsheng took a deep breath, looked at Chen Xiang, and indicated for him to hand the Chaos fire over.

"Even if you kill me, you won’t hand it over." Chen Xiang laughed lightly, looked at Du Yanyao and laughed: "Yanyao, let’s go in quickly!"

Therefore, Chen Xiang felt that it would be safer if they went in. At the very least, Lin Yushi would not be able to play with Breeze, those old fellows really cared about face, and they really valued this auction so much, if Lin Yushi was causing trouble inside, there would definitely be no good fruits to eat.

Although Du Yanyao thought that Chen Xiang had gone mad, she supported his actions from the bottom of her heart. She anxiously held onto Chen Xiang’s arm and pulled him into the auction house.

"You are blatantly provoking the Chaotic Mountain!" Lin Yushi roared. He was a little afraid of Chen Xiang now, because from the way Chen Xiang had acted to him, he did not care about the consequences. If Du Kangsheng had not stopped him, Chen Xiang might have already been fighting with his life on the line.

Du Kangsheng heaved a long sigh, he was truly worried that Chen Xiang would become his son-in-law, and having a son-in-law like him, was not a good thing. Although he greatly appreciated Chen Xiang’s methods, by doing this he would only arouse the enmity of the Chaotic Mountain, and the consequences would be severe.

He already had enough strength to open a dimensional door and return to the Mortal Realm. Even if the Chaotic Mountain wanted to send someone to the Mortal Realm, it would at most be a martial artist who had endured the eight tribulations of the Nirvana Stage. However, inside the Mortal Realm, it would not be a threat to Chen Xiang’s life.

If it wasn’t for the fact that there were many old bastards within the Sacred Dan Realm, no one would dare enter because Chen Xiang had provoked the people of the Chaotic Mountain. If there weren’t those old bastards, it was very possible that the Chaotic Mountain’s people would destroy the entire auction because of what Chen Xiang had just done.