Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Just as Chen Xiang was about to head to the underground secret room to look for Du Yanyao. Du Yanyao suddenly came up from below, she looked around, and sighed: "I feel that my Fire Soul is about to evolve, it’s very unstable, seems like I can’t participate in the pill refining competition tomorrow!"

"What?" Fire Soul evolution? " Chen Xiang exclaimed. Although it was possible in theory, he had never heard of it.

"Yes, I just felt that my Fire Soul was about to break through. I didn’t expect it to be cultivated to the peak of the Hundred refining realm, and along with the strengthening of my body and Innate Qi, my Fire Soul also broke through as well. As for what it is, I’m not too sure. Du Yanyao looked around helplessly. This was all caused by the scorching heat that she felt when she attempted to evolve her Fire Soul.

"I need to contact my clan as soon as possible and get them to send someone to take over the City Lord. I need to find a place to pass this stage!" Du Yanyao looked at Chen Xiang apologetically: "I’m sorry, I can’t participate in the pill refining competition with you."

Chen Xiang wiped away the sweat on her face and laughed: It’s alright, the evolution of the Fire Soul, this is extremely rare, even more important than the pill refining competition, I can’t delay it!

Du Yanyao nodded his head and quickly sent people to contact the clan members, then he set up an array formation in the basement to prevent the hot air she was releasing from leaking, and to prevent others from getting close, Chen Xiang also lived in this courtyard, his house had turned into a pile of ashes, but the underground cave was still there.

Even though it was night time, the news of Du Yanyao quitting the competition quickly spread throughout the entire Sacred Dan City, especially to those who came to participate in the pill refining competition, they felt that their heavy shoulders suddenly became much lighter, because the quality of Du Yanyao’s pill refining was extremely high, and he was very famous even in the entire Sacred Dan Realm.

Many people still managed to gather some information because there was such a huge disturbance in the City Lord, causing such a terrifying heat wave, it was definitely unconcealable. It had already been spread out, and after some analysis, many people agreed that there was a problem with Du Yanyao’s cultivation, and that he was unable to participate in the tournament.

Deep into the night, Chen Xiang and Du Yanyao stood in the courtyard that had been burnt to a crisp.

"Sorry, because of me, you won’t have a comfortable place to stay, you can stay in the hotel outside!" Du Yanyao’s ice-cold beautiful face was filled with shame.

Chen Xiang laughed: It doesn’t matter, since I have been in the secret room all day, with this thing in hand, when you are about to undergo closed door cultivation for a long time, eating it later might be useful to you!

When Chen Xiang first obtained it, he cut it into many pieces. Although he gave some to others, there were still many left, and since he had the creation divine liquid now, as long as he had the time, he could make many copies.

Du Yanyao’s nose moved slightly. She sniffed the strange fragrance that was being released from the Earthly fruit and immediately determined that this piece of fruit flesh was not ordinary.

"What is this?" Although he had not been with Chen Xiang for long, she knew that Chen Xiang had always been a generous person, and there would never be anything ordinary. And although it was just a small piece of fruit meat right now, she felt that this thing could be the highest level thing she had ever seen in her entire life.

Chen Xiang laughed: "This is the Earthly fruit’s fruit, although it is only a small piece, it is very useful, keep it for now, after eating it you need to immediately digest it, it will take a while."

Du Yanyao was shocked, this was actually a divine fruit! Of course she had heard of the Earthly fruit, but the Geocentric Flood Furnace was also the holy land that every cultivator of fire would yearn for the most. It existed in every world, but very few people had ever gone there.

Du Yanyao now understood why Chen Xiang had allowed Yan Zilan to bring her along to cultivate. Seeing that Chen Xiang had double the original amount, she could only secretly thank Chen Xiang in her heart.

In order to participate in tomorrow’s pill refining competition, Du Yanyao advised Chen Xiang to rest early and adjust her state. Tomorrow, she would return to her clan to cultivate quietly.

In the morning, after Du Yanyao and his farewell, they left the Sacred Dan City. The new City Lord would arrive in a few days, and all the things here were under Du Kangsheng’s care.

Participating in the Sacred Dan Meeting’s Alchemy Competition was also within the Sacred Pill Plaza. The vicinity of the plaza was filled with the Sacred Dan School’s businesses, auctions, hotels, medicine stores, etc ... A series of shops all belonged to the Sacred Dan School. Because of this, these shops in the Sacred Dan School had become very popular these days. Even though the price was higher than usual, they were still very busy.

"Brother Shen, I didn’t expect your wife to be like this." On the way to the plaza, Fan Yakun met Chen Xiang, and anxiously asked.

"It’s fine, it’s just that she’s on the verge of breaking through. She also has the Fire Soul, which is why something happened to her, making her Fire Soul a little unstable. That’s why she can’t participate in the pill refining competition." Chen Xiang said. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Hehe, I originally wanted to see you two, husband and wife, fight each other to death. What a pity!" Fan Yakun laughed.

At this time, Chen Xiang also treated Fan Yakun as his friend. If not for Fan Yakun, he would never know when he would be able to come to Sacred Dan Realm and Fan Yakun had also kept his identity a secret.

There were a lot of people participating in the pill refining competition, Chen Xiang saw that there were thousands of people lining up in the middle of the plaza, performing the first round of selections, all to quickly eliminate the majority of the contestants.

"Those who want to test their flames and have Fire Soul should be able to pass this round. This first round should be able to eliminate seven to eight hundred people!" Fan Yakun slapped in front of Chen Xiang and said while clicking his tongue.

"Then what’s the second round?" Chen Xiang asked, he was extremely confident in his ability to test for flames.

"The second round is to refine Five elements Zhenyuan Dan, and they are all made up of extremely poor quality medicinal herbs. There is only one chance, and in this round, only twenty people will be able to pass, which is the fastest, the best, the highest number of people being twenty! This test will definitely not be a problem for Brother Shen, although it will increase the difficulty of your pill refining process. " Fan Yakun smiled mysteriously.

The flame test was very simple. They would place their hands on top of a white stone ball. If the flame was very strong, the stone ball would light up even more. Once it reached a certain level of brightness, it would pass.

As he waited in line, Chen Xiang could occasionally see a burst of dazzling light in front of him. Each time there would be a cry of surprise, because it was always one person with a strong fire, which was something that many Alchemist envied and envied.

Each test’s duration was very short. If the stone orb wasn’t lit up at a specific time, they would be eliminated, so Chen Xiang and the others didn’t have to wait too long.

"It’s going to be my turn soon. I really want to throw the water here and then leave, but I’ll definitely be scolded to death by my family." Fan Yakun said as his mouth twitched.