Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The pill refining competition was held in the middle of a square. There was a circle around, allowing all the Alchemist to sit inside to refine pills, while everyone could watch from the side.

There were a lot of Alchemist s, even if they were not Alchemist s themselves, they would still be very interested in the pill refining competition. Many warriors, in order to obtain a good Alchemist, would have a very good understanding of pill refining knowledge, this not only allowed them to differentiate the pill refining level of a Alchemist, but also allowed them to discuss it with a Alchemist.

When everyone saw Chen Xiang handling those medicinal herbs so quickly, they knew that Chen Xiang’s foundation was extremely solid.

The second person who started the fire was a unlucky descendant from the Fan Family. This little guy just dug the ancestral grave and obtained the Fan Family’s famous Fire Soul, in order to atone for his sins, the clan let him go and sent him to participate in the pill refining competition, but even if he does not take first place, the Fan Family will not be able to do anything to him. The old man’s loud voice echoed in the plaza, making Fan Yakun go crazy, he wanted to fill the old man’s mouth with cow dung.

"Only those who start a fire for the first time get a reward? No, everyone else will have a share, but the prize for first place will be a little better! " After the old man laughed, he shouted, "Chen Xiang’s reward is here!"

Everyone immediately let out exclamations of surprise, because they saw a graceful purple figure floating down from the top of the auction place. Looking at the noble and dignified purple attire, everyone knew that it was Zi Lan Immortal Fairy.

Yan Zilan smiled charmingly, her refined temperament seemed to have become completely natural, as if a purple orchid was slowly falling from the sky onto the arena.

"Zi Lan Immortal Fairy, you should have seen that little ghost before. Go encourage him and have him refine pills properly!" This was not to encourage them, but to harm them so that they could focus on refining pills. Of course, many people were extremely envious of Chen Xiang, to be harmed by such a peerless goddess, even death would be worth it.

Chen Xiang was also cursing the old man in his heart, but he was not worried at all. He thought that the mysterious "reward" would bring him trouble, but now, even if Yan Zilan took off all his clothes by his side, he could still appreciate it and concoct pills at the same time.

The gentle smile on Yan Zilan’s face suddenly became mesmerizing. Twisting her willow like waist, she slowly walked to Chen Xiang’s side and elegantly sat on the empty cushion.

When Yan Zilan and Chen Xiang were so close together, some of the male animals gritted their teeth as hatred surged in their hearts. They wanted nothing more than to beat Chen Xiang up into a pig’s head, yet he was able to stay so close to their goddess.

Chen Xiang had no choice but to turn his head and look at the charming and beautiful woman. At the same time, Yan Zilan also looked at him.

"Young Master Shen, you have to refine pills well!"

Yan Zilan’s mouth was emitting an orchid like fragrance, looking at that alluring and delicious mouth, Chen Xiang wanted to stick his head in and suck on it, but he knew that if he did that, the males watching the competition would definitely throw smelly shoes at him.

The relationship between Chen Xiang and Yan Zilan had always been good, and Chen Xiang had even carried her before. He had been together with her on her bed for a while, and with Chen Xiang’s strong self-control, this was only a good thing for him.

However, he didn’t expect that the usually noble and dignified mature beauty would be so fatally afraid of such a coquettish posture. It made people want to give up and wish that they could subdue her.

What was hateful was that not only did Chen Xiang not explode his furnace, but he actually started to chat happily with Yan Zilan, and Yan Zilan even occasionally let out a flattering, sweet laugh.

Chen Xiang did not explode, but the 10 or so guys around Chen Xiang were all flustered by his flirtatious attitude, as the pill furnaces exploded one after another, causing Chen Xiang to burst out laughing.

"I never thought that Chen Xiang’s self-control would be so astonishing, and that he would even have such an impeccable tongue, to actually make the number one beauty of the Sacred Dan Realm smile brilliantly, but the ten people beside him did not have his self-control, and were completely distracted by the Zi Lan Immortal Fairy, unable to calmly concoct pills, and finally quitting the competition like a furnace exploding ... ..." As the old man loudly narrated the situation of the match, he was secretly surprised.

"Now, all of the Alchemist s have started a fire. Your big gifts have arrived. Enjoy it, youngsters!"

Yan Zilan said with a low laugh, "Did Elder sister not have enough skill to make a furnace out of you?"

Chen Xiang laughed: "If you strip naked, it might be able to affect me a little!"

Yan Zilan smiled sweetly, "You wish. But you have to be careful, there are still even more powerful people coming.

Yan Zilan stood up, and with a light leap, he flew away. The people around were suddenly spirited, because they saw many women dressed in transparent clothes, young and beautiful, with skin as white as snow, their figures graceful as snow flying over.

When the 30 plus women’s jade feet stepped onto the arena stage, the entire arena was silent, and then the sound of gulping could be heard! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The thirty women were extremely beautiful. They were tall, had curves in the air, and the most frightening thing was that they were all wearing clothes as thin as cicada’s wings. Their snow-white, jade-like bodies could clearly be seen.

Her snow-white, slender, beautiful legs, slender jade waist, and smooth as jade, they were all separated by a thin dress and revealed in front of the crowd. There were thirty beauties with the surname of ’Xie’, and all the men present were burning with passion, causing the temperature of the entire plaza to suddenly soar, it was even higher than the fire produced by the Alchemist.

They were originally here to watch the competition, but now, everyone’s attention was on these girls. Moreover, they were all staring at the chests and legs of those young girls.

The most terrifying thing was that these women actually had smiles on their faces. They let out flirtatious moans and began to dance about in a very coquettish manner. The entire martial field also emitted a series of explosions. In just a short moment, dozens of pill furnaces exploded.

"This Sacred Dan School, is too reckless!" Chen Xiang’s ears resonated with that soul-snatching moan, as his mind rippled.

Su Meiyao scoffed, "Too shameless, he actually used such a bewitching technique to confuse others’ minds!"

The jade body was faintly discernible under the gauze dress, and it was even more captivating. The seductive dance was accompanied by a series of high-pitched and low-pitched groans, causing many pill furnaces on the stage to explode one after another.