Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

He saw the three black pills. Xie Nanfeng heaved a sigh of relief. Although Chen Xiang had failed in refining the pill, he couldn’t help but admire Chen Xiang for being able to condense three pills.

"The competition is over, the victor is Xie Nanfeng, you have obtained the reward of the Holy Water of Qianyang!" Xie Shilong’s hanging heart was finally relieved, his face was full of joy, because his grandson was the one who obtained the victory in this competition, and their Sacred Dan School was the one who obtained the victory in this secret bet.

Of course, even if Chen Xiang won, their Sacred Dan School would still win the secret gambling house.

Chen Xiang looked at the three pills in his hand, and just as he was about to speak, he felt a few auras approaching him. The Chaotic Mountain man made his move, and a few people suddenly jumped out from the crowd and stood behind Chen Xiang.

Seeing that, Xie Shilong and Yan Zilan anxiously walked over to Chen Xiang’s side and looked at the people from Chaotic Mountain.

"What are you guys doing?" The man from the Chaotic Mountain asked coldly: "Now that the competition is over, we are going to bring Chen Xiang away. If you stop us, you will be going against the Chaotic Mountain."

"Whoever dares to obstruct us, we will destroy him no matter what!" The man roared angrily. His roiling voice reverberated in the square, causing everyone’s ears to ring.

Just as Yan Zilan was about to escape with Chen Xiang, an aged voice suddenly sounded. "This old one will stop you, see what you can do to me? "If you have the guts, then kill this daddy here!"

Hearing this voice, Chen Xiang wanted to scold him, because this was Du Hai’s voice. Back then, Du Hai had promised him that she would help him take care of the Chaotic Mountain.

Could it be that the voice came out,? Everyone only saw a white light suddenly shot down from the sky, and an old man with a child’s face and crane hair, who looked like an immortal, suddenly appeared beside Chen Xiang. He looked at the people from Chaotic Mountain with a pair of disdainful eyes.

"He’s Dan Immortal! Look at his waist!" One of them screeched. Dan Immortal was an existence at the top of Sacred Dan Realm, an existence that was as rare as phoenix feathers and qilin horns. Although he was not more powerful than the Pill Saint, the Dan Immortal was an actual existence.

A fist-like transparent pearl hung around Du Hai’s waist, inside of it was a white pellet, and outside this pellet, there were two small dragons circling around.

"Roaming Dragon Pill, top grade immortal pill, and it’s a Dual Dragon Protection Pill!" Su Meiyao said in shock.

Seeing that Du Hai had appeared, the people from the Chaotic Mountain were all stunned. This kind of Dan Immortal was not someone they could offend, and they had already guessed the identity of this old man, the Du Hai who had been missing for so many years.

He did not know the use of this kind of pill, but he knew that after the pill was successfully refined, a small dragon would appear outside the pill to roam about, and also undergo the heavenly tribulation. That small dragon would be able to protect this pill from being destroyed.

"This is what your Chaotic Mountain’s King Mountain King gave you. Take it and take a good look. Luckily you didn’t bring this kid away, otherwise, you would have been in big trouble." Du Hai threw a piece of paper over.

Because Chen Xiang had caused one of his two sons to die and one was injured, so he was unable to participate in the pill refining competition. He wished that he could tear Chen Xiang into pieces, but right now, he had received the order from the Chaotic Mountain, telling them to immediately return, and not to pursue the matter with Chen Xiang.

Although the middle-aged man was furious, he still gave in to the order in the end and shouted angrily, "Let’s go!"

Chen Xiang shouted, "You want to leave? "Catch!"

The middle aged man turned his head and saw Chen Xiang taking out the Chaos fire and throwing it at him. He seemed to have realized something, but it was too late, because the Chaos fire was flying at a very fast speed, and in the blink of an eye, it had entered his body.

The middle-aged man’s body was immediately set on fire. He could only hear the middle-aged man crazily howling. The screams were heart-tearing and lung-splitting. It made one’s hair stand on end, and sent chills down their spines.

Seeing that, all the Rankers in Chaotic Mountain were terrified, and anxiously dodged aside, because they were worried that Chen Xiang would attack them. They did not know how Chen Xiang did it, but they guessed that it was because the Chaos fire was not ordinary and had god-like strength.

Today, Chen Xiang, a tiny Extreme realm, was able to use a Chaos fire to attack a powerful deity to such an extent. This caused many people to be shocked by this kind of power.

The silver flames vanished from the middle-aged man’s body. The middle-aged man was still standing there, as if he was a statue, his face filled with pain. His arms were wrapped around his body, and his expression was frozen; it was eerie to the point of making one’s hair stand on end.

A gust of wind blew past, and the middle-aged man turned into a cloud of white powder that scattered with the wind, but the spectators couldn’t help but shiver. Especially the people from the Chaotic Mountain, they only had fear in their hearts and immediately left as fast as they could.

"Brat, your attacks are too ruthless!" Du Hai tugged at Chen Xiang’s hair, then saw the three black pellets on the center of Chen Xiang’s palm. You refined it pretty well, I didn’t expect you to have such high talent for alchemy, and even managed to refine three pellets at once. Even when I refined it tens of thousands of times, I only produced one or two pellets of the highest quality Nine quenching body Dan. "

Hearing Du Hai’s words, Xie Shilong was stunned, Xie Nanfeng also had a face full of shock, they had never heard of high quality Nine quenching body Dan.

Yan Zilan was also very surprised, she never thought that Chen Xiang would actually know a strange old man like Du Hai, their relationship was very good, she could tell that this was not because of Du Yanyao.

Du Hai was a Dan Immortal, an influential figure in the Sacred Dan Realm. Even Xie Shilong, the Leader s, had to respect him somewhat.

Chen Xiang shrugged his shoulders, and self-deprecatingly said: "But in the eyes of others, this is a trash pill, not even comparable to that golden Nine quenching body Dan!"

"Bullshit, they haven’t touched it yet!" Du Hai looked at Xie Shilong, then looked at Xie Nanfeng, and quickly understood what was going on.

"Old Man Xie, you still have such bad eyes. Take a good look and see if your grandson has refined it well!" Du Hai took one from Chen Xiang and threw it to Xie Shilong, then continued: "This is the Peak quality among the Nine quenching body Dan. If my teacher hadn’t mentioned it, I wouldn’t have known about this either.

After Xie Shilong caught it, he took a whiff of it, and his body shivered, his face flushed red, because the quality was indeed good, and he actually made a mistake in front of so many people. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Xie Nanfeng naturally did not dare to say anything, as that was what the Dan Immortal had appraised. Even if the relationship between Du Hai and Chen Xiang was good, they would not carelessly appraise and favor Chen Xiang in front of so many people.

"That’s right, the quality is indeed good, I was careless, the final victory should be Chen Xiang’s!" Xie Shilong received the Dry Sun Holy Water from Xie Nanfeng and passed it to him. Xie Shilong even apologized to him.

Du Hai patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, and laughed: "Kid, how many times did you cultivate before you succeeded?"

Chen Xiang scratched his head: "This is my first time refining a Nine quenching body Dan, do you believe me?"

Du Hai was shocked, he looked at Chen Xiang, and thinking of Chen Xiang’s background, he nodded: "I believe you!"