Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

There were more than twenty people surrounding Chen Xiang. Looking at their attire, Chen Xiang knew they were from the City Lord’s Mansion. He just did not expect the eyes of the guards at the city gate to be so vicious, to actually be able to see through his disguise, which was why he had secretly followed him, and took the chance to break through when he was not looking.

"Did your City Lord send you here? For a City Lord to use the power of a City Lord’s Mansion to seek for his own personal gains, you should at least agree on a share with that City Lord. " Chen Xiang sneered, the city guards would normally not do such a thing, after all, he was not the criminal of the city.

"None of your business. Just surrender!" An old man said.

"This old fellow belongs to the Nirvana Stage, he should have just passed through the Nirvana Doom!" Long Xueyi warned her.

Nirvana Stage’s! Chen Xiang’s face became gloomy, and in his hand, a light blue ball suddenly appeared.

"Seems like you want to resist, give it to me..."

Just as the old guard spoke out, the light blue pill in Chen Xiang’s hand was ejected out and shot into the old guard’s mouth. Only a thunderous boom was heard, and the old guard’s mouth was burst open, covered in blood, making him look extremely bloody.

This was the first time Chen Xiang had used something like a Heavenly Thunder Pill to bomb someone. A Heavenly Thunder Pill was an extremely terrifying offensive medicine, refined using medicinal ingredients combined with a large amount of lightning attribute Innate Qi s, it could increase its power along with the lightning attribute Innate Qi s that the refiner poured in.

Chen Xiang’s Heavenly Thunder Pill was refined from using a large amount of lightning attribute Innate Qi. When it entered a person’s mouth, it would have a terrifying killing power.

This was not the end, after Chen Xiang threw a Heavenly Thunder Pill, he waved his hand, and transparent powder floated around him. This type of powder was the God-eclipse powder that would cause anyone in Heaven Realm to tremble just by listening to it.

The powder was like air, enveloping the twenty city guards. In an instant, the muscles on their faces started to melt and rot, being slowly devoured by the God-eclipse powder, followed by their armor.

As for the old guard from Nirvana Stage, because of the injuries on his mouth, the God-eclipse powder s were able to quickly spread from his wounds into his weak body. In a few short moments, these people were all shockingly corroded by the God-eclipse powder, and their screams never stopped.

After a short moment, their screams had stopped, and a huge crater had appeared on the ground. Even the soil had been corroded, and those people had long since melted into nothingness.

This was the first time Chen Xiang saw someone being melted by a God-eclipse powder, but he could tell that his God-eclipse powder was still lacking a lot when it came to dealing with Nirvana Stage, because the old guard from Nirvana Stage was the last one to melt. If not for his wounds, it would not have been so easy.

Previously, the Broken Soul Tree’s tree sap had soaked his body, so these God-eclipse powder were useless against him. Not even his clothes could corrode, because Chen Xiang’s Innate Qi could also prevent the God-eclipse powder from corroding.

If you were to be discovered, the consequences would be very serious. At that time, it will not be as simple as Chaotic Mountain wanting you dead, the entire power of Sacred Dan Realm will be eliminated by you at all costs! " Bai Youyou said sternly.

After Chen Xiang cleaned up all the clues left behind by the God-eclipse powder, he messed up the place and set fire to the house. After changing his appearance again, he walked towards the City Lord’s Mansion.

"You want to capture me to exchange for the bounty?" I want to let these guys know what the consequences will be! " Chen Xiang walked towards the City Lord’s Mansion with a strong killing intent. The person who could make this group of city guards move was definitely the City Lord of this city.

"I’ve found it. This fellow is currently discussing how to receive your reward with a group of black-armored people!" Long Xueyi said, then gave Chen Xiang an accurate position, "The strongest should be that City Lord, the peak of the Hundred refining realm!"

Chen Xiang came to the wall next to the City Lord.

"This bunch of bastards, go to hell!" Chen Xiang sneered, and chanted an incantation.

Of course, Chen Xiang did not plan to face those people face-to-face, so he chose to use his sacred art outside, the Heavenly dragon seal!

As he released his mana, he formed a hand sign and chanted an incantation. The clouds in the sky suddenly surged and quickly gathered above City Lord’s Mansion.

The stronger Chen Xiang’s mana was, the faster he could gather energy when using this technique, and now that he was gathering dense immortal qi, the power would be even stronger and the speed would be faster, and the Heavenly dragon seal technique could only be used when using immortal power.

The people gathered in City Lord’s Mansion looked up at the abnormal sign in the sky. They did not know what it was, although they felt a sense of danger, but they were still standing on guard, waiting for the huge immortal Qi vortex in the sky. "These idiots!"

secretly laughed in his heart, and then shouted in a low voice, only to see that a red light suddenly exploded in the sky. Upon closer inspection, it was actually a large expanse of flames, and a sea of fire was ignited in the sky.

"Wrath of the Fire Dragon!"

In the middle of the huge whirlpool of burning flames, a gigantic dragon head suddenly appeared. With a furious roar, the colossal dragon, whose entire body was burning with flames, plunged its head into the ground.

In that moment, all the people in the City Lord’s Mansion were hit by the furious dragon and all of them fled from the City Lord’s Mansion. The fire quickly spread and enveloped the entire City Lord’s Mansion, turning the City Lord and the city guards who were hit by the dragon into ashes.

The huge City Lord was burnt for three days and three nights, which attracted the attention of the upper echelons of the various forces, because they found out that this City Lord had sent people to capture Chen Xiang before!

This matter quickly caused a huge uproar in the Sacred Dan Realm. Regarding the events that happened that day, many people had personally witnessed it.

Chen Xiang was already in a wasteland far away from the city.

"The immortal energy here is rather poor, so there shouldn’t be anyone coming here. Let’s take a look at how big that immortal estate is!" A ring suddenly appeared on Chen Xiang’s finger. With a wave of his hand, the ring flew out and turned into a ray of light as it landed on the ground. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The Immortal palace flew very far, after landing on the ground, it suddenly shone with a white light. After the white light disappeared, Chen Xiang saw a gigantic palace that looked like it was carved out of white jade, it looked very majestic, it was the most imposing palace Chen Xiang had ever seen.

Seeing these four words, Chen Xiang was immediately overjoyed. However, when he took a closer look, this manor was not made of jade dragon bone.