Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The power of the Nine-turn dragon god mantra. Chen Xiang couldn’t understand it now either, because he hadn’t reached that level yet. Long Xueyi had mentioned it many times, that this was a noble cultivation method within the Imperial Dragon Race, and that some dragons that possessed the Imperial Dragon Bloodline didn’t have the qualifications to cultivate. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Your Fire Soul was originally very strong. With this Fire Soul as the foundation and your cultivation of the Nine-turn dragon god mantra, there is a high chance that the fire divine dragon martial spirit will be born from the fusion of the Earthly fire soul and the Tianyang fire soul." Long Xueyi continued, "Under normal circumstances, only the Fire Dragon God who has a great flame potential would be able to produce a Fire Dragon God Soul!"

While talking, Long Xueyi suddenly appeared in front of Chen Xiang. Looking at the cute girl dressed in white, with a huge chest, Chen Xiang sniffed and said: "Little Naughty Dragon, why are you so big? It’s all because of the pills I gave you."

Long Xueyi scoffed, "This is all because I can eat it, stop looking at it, what’s so nice about being separated by clothes?"

Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "I’m just worried that you won’t be able to support me if it’s too heavy, do you want me to help you support yourself?"

"Bah!" Long Xueyi let out a lovable snort, and slowly stretched out her jade-like little hand. A burst of white light seeped out of it, and she placed her hand on Chen Xiang’s forehead, then closed her eyes.

Chen Xiang was sitting on the ground, but Long Xueyi was standing. The large jade rabbit that was about to be revealed was right in front of him, causing him to feel extremely hot from watching it.

"You see anything?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, but have you seen enough?" Although this Long Xueyi looked like a girl, her age was not young. In short, in Chen Xiang’s eyes, she was a very mischievous little perverted dragon girl.

"What’s so good about the clothes?" Chen Xiang curled his lips and said. Long Xueyi withdrew his hand, then said doubtfully: "I actually can’t sense your Fire Dragon kungfu soul. No wonder you can’t sense it yourself."

The Martial Spirit had fused into every part of Chen Xiang’s body, tightly connecting him and his soul, and he also had Fire Soul and Thunder soul in his body. He suspected that it was caused by the complicated situation within his body.

"Your martial spirit is very weak, it’s very likely that it’s scared by your Fire Soul and other things to the point that it doesn’t dare to come out. Try to retract your Fire Soul’s aura, it might be afraid of this." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang nodded and closed his eyes. He quickly entered the Obscure Realm, making himself seem as if he had fallen into a vast expanse of white space while he himself floated within, and this was his sea of consciousness. He was currently using the power of his divine soul to sense every part of his body, to search for the Fire Dragon kungfu soul.

After an unknown amount of time, Chen Xiang suddenly heard a very weak cry, and he immediately became excited, because that was a dragon’s cry, he anxiously used his senses to feel the Fire Dragon kungfu soul.

Before long, he could completely sense the Fire Dragon kungfu soul. Just like Long Xueyi had said, because his Fire Soul was too strong, it caused the young and weak Fire Dragon kungfu soul to be suppressed, causing it to increase slowly in his body, and a large amount of energy to be absorbed by the Fire Soul.

"Little Naughty Dragon, use that dragon pearl and channel energy into me quickly. The more the better, I feel that it is very hungry, and it is very weak too, maybe it will disappear at any time!" Chen Xiang said.

After Long Xueyi heard Chen Xiang’s words, she placed her hand on his abdomen, transforming the energy from the dragon pearl into Dragon Power, and channeled it into Chen Xiang’s body.

Feeling the Dragon Power entering his body, Chen Xiang took the opportunity to pour the Dragon Power into the Fire Dragon kungfu soul, allowing it to absorb the energy of the dragon pearl and quickly strengthen itself. Only when the Fire Dragon kungfu soul had reached a certain level of strength, would he be able to enter the next realm.

The energy in the dragon pearl was extremely rich. Back then, the strength of the Boa dragon was comparable to that of a powerful immortal.

Right now, Chen Xiang knew just how weak his martial spirit was. No wonder he could not break through, he could only not feel the existence of the Congenital kungfu soul, it was because his Fire Soul was too strong.

After ten days, Chen Xiang could no longer feel the Fire Dragon kungfu soul with his strong divine sense, and his body was now emitting a faint heat.

Chen Xiang opened her eyes and saw Long Xueyi pouting while staring at her.

"What are you looking at? Have you never seen such a good-looking man? " Chen Xiang smiled.

"Pei, I’ve seen your entire body countless times. There really isn’t anything to look at." When Long Xueyi said these words, his face did not redden at all.

On the other hand, Chen Xiang felt very unhappy in his heart. His handsome face flushed red, and he snorted: "Little pervert, that’s not fair. You’ve seen me, I haven’t seen you before!"

Long Xueyi chuckled: "So what? If you have the ability, you can look at me, right? "

Both of Chen Xiang’s eyes burned with anger, he wanted to burn the little girl’s clothes: If I don’t lower myself to your level, you rogue dragon girl, don’t bring sister Meiyao and elder sister You You You!

"Do you still need me to bring you around?" She channeled even more Dragon Power into Chen Xiang’s body, "Concentrate on cultivating my martial spirit, I need to increase the amount of Dragon Power I can imbue in. Otherwise, you can’t go to the eighteen level area of the Chaotic Mountain."

Chen Xiang immediately closed his eyes and started cultivating the Fire Dragon kungfu soul.

In the blink of an eye, more than a month had passed and Chen Xiang’s entire body was enveloped by a layer of red light. His clothes had already been burnt to ashes, a powerful and domineering dragon head faintly appeared on his chest, while a layer of dragon scales seemed to emerge from his entire body, causing Long Xueyi to be secretly amazed.

The white dragon tattoo on Chen Xiang’s left shoulder had already disappeared, as it had been taken away by Long Xueyi. She was worried that when the Fire Dragon kungfu soul grew stronger, it would resist against the white dragon’s soul power that she had left on Chen Xiang’s body, resulting in unnecessary trouble.

"Roar ..." Suddenly, Chen Xiang opened his mouth and roared, releasing a dragon roar, the skin on his chest had a tattoo of a burning dragon head, it looked very lifelike, his body was also flashing with pieces of crystal-like fiery-red scales, covering half of his body.

Long Xueyi retreated to the side, looked into Chen Xiang’s flaming eyes and asked softly: "How are you feeling now?"

"The Fire Dragon kungfu soul is strengthening. It can already be in my body at the same time as the Heaven fire soul!" The red light around Chen Xiang’s body suddenly disappeared and returned back to its original state. "After resolving this bottleneck, I can now continue to cultivate and transfer the Dragon Power over!"

"There is still a Dragon Soul inside the Dragon Pearl, so you need to cultivate your Soul. However, you should absorb the Dragon Soul inside the Dragon Pearl!" Long Xueyi spat out a Dragon Pearl. This Dragon Pearl was a little small, so it could be seen that in order to make the Fire Dragon kungfu soul grow, Chen Xiang had absorbed a lot of Dragon Qi.