Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

If this was before he had broken through. If he flew into the air, he would definitely be pressured by a strange pressure, making it hard for him to fly. But now, he could resist the pressure and fly into the air. Therefore, he didn’t need to travel those dangerous, long distances like before.

"Little Naughty Dragon, how do I know if I possess the indestructible power of the Jade Dragon?" Chen Xiang asked. Even though he felt that his entire body, and even his soul, contained a strange power, he did not dare to be certain.

"It’s very simple. Cut off your fingers. If you can grow them quickly, even if you have them, or cut off a piece of flesh from your body, you can see the flesh growing out." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang’s heart twitched, wasn’t this masochistic? What if he didn’t grow up? Wouldn’t that be cutting himself off?

"Is there no other way?" Chen Xiang asked again as he landed beside a river.

"Other ways. Find a woman and do that with her, then she can feel that strange energy that is unique to Yulong blood fuse into your body, even if you have all the Yulong blood there. " Long Xueyi paused for a moment, then continued: "Right, if a woman wants to completely possess a Yulong blood, you might have to cultivate her many times."

"Cultivate?" Chen Xiang suddenly wanted to ruthlessly hit the little dragon’s butt, and it actually became worse and worse. However, when he thought that she was not a little girl, he felt that it was better not to.

Chen Xiang released the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, but at this time, the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was following his control, transforming into a small green dagger. He was considering whether or not he should try and test if he really obtained the Yulong blood’s inheritance.

"If you are unwilling, then let me do it!" Long Xueyi said excitedly.

"Bah!" Chen Xiang kept his blade properly, he still decided not to do it, because his body was extremely strong right now. If he lost a finger, or cut off a piece of flesh, he would need to use a large amount of precious pills in order to recover.

"It’s better to wait until we return to the mortal kungfu realm and find Xianxian!" Chen Xiang chuckled, "Furthermore, that is a very happy method."

It was only on the sixteenth floor that Chen Xiang found it hard to fly, because the strange pressure here made it hard to continue flying in the air. However, after he landed on the ground, it became much easier.

This meant that he had to travel a more dangerous path.

"Motherf * cker, all I see are mutated immortal beast. If I see one, I’ll die!" Chen Xiang took out his Luotian Gate. He planned to use up all his strength to travel through space here.

Although Long Xueyi could sense the immortal beast hiding in the surrounding area, once it was targeted by the fierce beasts, it would be very difficult to escape. There were even some immortal beast that had a strong concealed surname. When encountering this type, Chen Xiang would fall into extreme danger.

"Maybe you won’t die. At most, you’ll need some time to be reborn." Su Meiyao laughed.

He couldn’t guarantee his safety even if Chen Xiang stayed at the place he was at right now. He told Long Xueyi to find the Heaven Sacred City on the eighteenth floor quickly and then teleport outside the city.

After Long Xueyi and her shared the power of the Dragon Pearl, her magic power had increased by a lot, and she and Chen Xiang also had some sort of strange connection.

Right now, she was using the Heaven tour method more quickly, and could even split herself into many divine intents to search.

"I found it..." Long Xueyi told Chen Xiang the location and said, "Your strength should be enough to travel across this distance. Leaping into space in this high level area will require more energy than if you were to return to the Mortal Martial Realm."

Chen Xiang activated the Luotian Gate, and felt the Innate Qi in his body suddenly rush out like a Luotian Gate, the extremely fast speed seemed to have sucked him dry, the Innate Qi instantly rushing out from his meridians, causing him to feel an endless amount of pain.

In an instant, the Luotian Gate had absorbed ninety percent of his power, and opened a spatial door. He immediately entered the spatial door, and arrived outside a field.

He quickly consumed a few medicinal pellets to recover his exhausted Innate Qi. With this, the thick and dense Innate Qi left him in a state of unease.

After recovering thirty percent of his Innate Qi, Chen Xiang ran back to the Heaven Sacred City. It would be better to be in the city than in the wilderness.

Coming to the eighteenth floor, the immortal energy here was indeed the densest. Although he could use the Devouring magic kungfu to absorb and refine it, it would still take a lot of time and would not work.

On this floor, Chen Xiang felt like he was an ant walking in a world full of giants, worried that he would be accidentally stepped on to death, especially after he entered the city, the Nirvana Stage that filled the streets shocked him. Although he had met a few Hundred refining realm s, most of them had followers from Nirvana Stage, and they were all from Wealthy Classes. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Fortunately, Chen Xiang’s concealing ability was not bad, and others could not see through his strength.

The’s Great Assembly was about to begin. There were only three days left, which caused a lot of people on this level, and Chen Xiang had also heard that a few of the larger cracks were being blocked, while the smaller cracks were being left to the younger generation to gain experience.

"I wonder if Yan Zilan will come. If I can’t find her, I might have to return to the Mortal Martial Realm like this!" Chen Xiang had always planned to bring back a batch of Ground level Pills from here. Only through Yan Zilan could he get the most and the cheapest.

The Sacred Dan City had a lot of properties on every floor in the large cities, and it was very easy to find them in the Sacred Dan School. Yan Zilan was the person in charge of the business in the large cities on every floor, and she was the one in charge of the business in the Sacred Dan School.

He walked past a street and saw a wall filled with his portraits. The bounty was even being fought over because he had destroyed a City Lord’s Mansion and infuriated a force. This made him even more careful.

Chen Xiang now felt like he had entered a tiger’s den. He had to be wary of everyone, and if he was targeted like before and told the immortals, he would be in deep trouble.

I never thought that Chaotic Mountain, who usually stay away from cities, would start a business here, and even get a little girl to back him up. This little girl is not bad, her talent in alchemy is high, her looks are good, and her strength is not weak. Right now, a cauldron is placed outside their shop, where a group of young masters will fight for her!

Chen Xiang suddenly heard a conversation between an old man and something that he had heard before. It was inconceivable, Lin Xi Yi could at most refine a mid-grade Ground level, but she could actually create a shop in this city with many powerful people.

Chen Xiang did not want to go near at all, but he suddenly heard a laughter coming from afar: "Fan Yakun, you’re a gravedigger, and you really do not do ordinary things. Instead, instead of helping your Fan Family’s store, you came here to help recruit business, and I never expected that you would also kneel down in front of a woman’s skirt."

Chen Xiang knew that the Chaotic Mountain’s medicine shop was not far away and when he heard that Fan Yakun and Lin Xi Yi had gotten along, he secretly clicked his tongue and decided to go take a look as well. After he found Fan Yakun, he would also have a way to contact the Du Family.