Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang now had four Chaos fire. With this much, he would definitely think of a way to get the other three pieces. Therefore, once he had the chance, he would definitely make his move.

Everyone could see that this was a trap set up for Chen Xiang, because Chaotic Mountain knew that it would be very difficult to capture Chen Xiang.

After exiting the city, Su Meiyao said: "Do you want to go?"

"You have to think carefully. This is not a joke. When the time comes, you will be surrounded by those immortals. If Junior Sister and I recover our peak strength, we might be able to snatch it away." Bai Youyou said. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Chen Xiang never thought that the two girls would be so strong. The Sacred Dan Realm had such abundant resources for pills, so the strong warriors would definitely be even stronger than them. However, Bai Youyou confidently said that they could get their hands on the pills. He felt that if he wanted to know their identities, he could only go to the Heaven Realm and inquire about them.

"Hehe, back then, I had done a lot of things like this with senior, so we made enemies everywhere. Those enemies still hate us even now." Su Meiyao laughed.

"I’ll go take a look when the time comes." Chen Xiang sprinted all the way, and in just half a day’s time, he saw the Sacred Dan School, who was built on top of a huge mountain. From the waist of the mountain to the top of the mountain, it was densely packed with buildings.

On the other side of the mountain, there was a mountain in full bloom with purple flowers. That was Chen Xiang’s destination, the Zi Lan Mountain Valley.

Yan Zilan was extremely important to the Sacred Dan School, and that was not only because she looked as if she was a bane to the common people. At the same time, it was also because of her strength.

"Yan Zilan has mastered the divine way. If she continues her cultivation, she might become the strongest person in the Sacred Dan Realm. In the Heaven Realm, the strongest people all cultivate the divine way, which is to say, we are of the dragon race." Long Xueyi said.

Yan Zilan had stayed in the Sacred Dan School for a long time. In order to make things easier for her, she had her own territory.

Just as Chen Xiang stepped into the canyon, he heard a roar, and saw a giant wolf that was engulfed in flames and a giant snow-white tiger suddenly rushing out of the canyon.

This scared Chen Xiang one time, and the aura it exuded was even stronger than the dragon he encountered in the Super Old Sacred Land. He had encountered this kind of powerful immortal beast twice in the Immortal-poisoning Devil Forest, one of them was the one that took away the Purple dragon flower while the other was the one that swallowed the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable’s legacy.

When the two gigantic beasts arrived in front of Chen Xiang, their bodies shone with a light as they transformed into human beings. They were actually two tall and curvaceous women with abundant bodies, beautiful enough to look like the moon and flowers, and one of them wore a red robe.

"Who are you? This place is where the Zi Lan Immortal Fairy lives, and outsiders are not allowed to enter, especially men. " Although she said it like that, her voice was very gentle and pleasant to listen to, not fierce at all. She gave off a very nice and warm feeling, similar to Yan Zilan’s tone.

"Friend, if there’s anything important to you, we can help you pass on to the Zi Lan Immortal Fairy. Without her permission, no one is allowed to enter the Zi Lan Mountain Valley." The woman in red also said gently.

This made Chen Xiang find it difficult to associate them with the two ferocious immortal beast he just met. This was also the first time Chen Xiang had seen these kind of immortal beast in human form, and they were exceptionally beautiful.

"So that’s how it is. Then I’ll have to trouble you two older sisters to help me tell him that an old friend of mine who is a fugitive is looking for her to buy some medicinal pellets." Chen Xiang laughed, he was an old man with a long beard, although the two girls had told them about the bounty slip before, they did not recognize Chen Xiang.

However, the woman who had transformed into a white tiger always felt that Chen Xiang had a very amiable feeling, but at the same time, made her feel a little afraid. This was the first time she had ever experienced such a contradictory feeling, so she suspected that Chen Xiang was also a white tiger.

"Yun Zhu, you are faster than me. The white-dressed woman said in a low voice.

"Yes, sister!" After the girl called Yun Zhu left.

The lady in white asked softly, "Senior, are you also from my White Tiger Race? Junior Bai Xing! "

Saying that, Bai Xing bowed to Chen Xiang, causing his heart to beat faster, but he remained calm.

"Bai Xing, what a familiar name!" Su Meiyao immediately said.

Back then, Heaven Realm descended upon a very large white star. In order to prevent a continent from being destroyed, many of the old fellows in the Heaven Realm made their move, and succeeded in stopping it in the end. However, the white star suddenly exploded, and those old fellows were all heavily injured, but there was a small white tiger inside the white star. Bai Youyou said: "That nameless expert has some connections with our family. Because this White Tiger called Bai Xing is considered a star picker, no one would dare to accept it, and no one would dare to provoke it."

Chen Xiang did not expect this beautiful and tender lady in front of him to have such a background. She had even injured so many old men in Heaven Realm.

Chen Xiang coughed dryly, and pretended to be an expert, "I never thought that it would be the little girl Bai Xing who seriously injured a bunch of old guys from Heaven Realm, hehe!"

Bai Xing was shocked. He frowned slightly as he said with a sorrowful look on his face: "I didn’t expect that there would still be people who know my past after coming here."

Chen Xiang saw that he had touched the heart of the beauty and anxiously said: "Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone. Although I am not the White Tiger Race, but .... I have a duty to protect White Tiger Race, but this does not include those white tigers who commit many evil deeds. "

"In that case, senior, where did you come from?" Why do I feel that you have the aura of our White Tiger Race s! " Bai Xing asked doubtfully.

Both of Chen Xiang’s hands flashed with a white light, revealing a pair of white gloves. Seeing this, Bai Xing was immediately frightened, and became dumbstruck.

"This ..." Bai Xing was shocked speechless, as long as it was a White Tiger, everyone would recognize this Slaughter God’s Hand.

"Confidential, confidential!" Chen Xiang snickered.

Bai Xing nodded. She had been together with Yan Zilan for a long time and had told him about many people coming to find Yan Zilan. However, to her, Chen Xiang was the strongest one.

Yan Zilan and Yun Zhu flew over and landed in front of Chen Xiang. Seeing Chen Xiang and Bai Xing laughing and talking, Yan Zilan scolded them: "Don’t give my sister any soup."

"Not at all." Chen Xiang laughed, while Yan Zilan shook her head and laughed. She pulled his hand and gently leaped, in the blink of an eye, they had arrived in a beautiful valley that was surrounded by purple flowers.

Chen Xiang looked around, and laughed: "This is really a good place, I should be safe hiding here!"