Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Yan Zilan no longer had that kind of gentle and polite attitude towards Chen Xiang. This was because she truly treated Chen Xiang as a friend, which was why she had become casual about it.

"This is my secret!" Chen Xiang smiled mysteriously and continued: "Let’s do the business first."

Yan Zilan gave Chen Xiang a storage ring and said: "Two hundred Relive Dan, three hundred Five Elements Profound Dan, three hundred thousand profound energy Quenching body Dan, and one hundred thousand Face Preserving Pills. A total of one hundred million would be ninety billion, and I’ll give you half price of four hundred and fifteen billion.

The corner of Chen Xiang’s eyes twitched. If it was a dozen or so pills, he would indeed be alright, but when he heard the price, he was shocked.

"You’re too kind, this kind of thing is sold in the Heaven Realm, and you still have to flip through it. You know what it means in the Mortal Realm." Su Meiyao laughed tenderly: "Now it all depends on your charisma, can you let this Sacred Dan Realm’s number one beauty reduce it for you?"

"If I sell it to you at such a low price, I would have to give some to the Sacred Dan School as well. You have helped me out, so this is nothing." Yan Zilan smiled sweetly, but his eyes looked extremely coquettish. If Chen Xiang had enough Spar s, he would have definitely struck a deal right away, but now he could only plan on lowering the price.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s expression, Yan Zilan could not help but giggle: "How many Spar you have?"

"Only two billion!" Chen Xiang sighed.

"Give it to me, I’ll help you pay for the rest. Consider this my reward for you." Yan Zilan extended her hand, and smiled sweetly.

Chen Xiang felt that the desire he gave her was also very precious, so he didn’t feel that it was wrong to ask for it now, he knew that this beauty who brought calamity upon this nation didn’t even take these Spar to heart.

Yan Zilan looked at Yun Zhu at this time, and then said to Chen Xiang: "Bai Xing and I have received your help, obtained many benefits, you are truly a great benefactor, Yun Zhu is also a good sister to me, can you let her have some of your feelings as well?"

Although Chen Xiang’s strength was weak when compared to hers, her entire body was filled with charm and mystery, making her really want to read and interpret this kind of man. At this moment, her face was slightly red, she looked at Chen Xiang with anticipation, and a sweet and gentle smile hung on her face.

Although Yun Zhu was a powerful immortal beast and Fire Wolf, the feeling she gave Chen Xiang right now was that of a kind, gentle, and beautiful little sheep. She looked a little simple, and her pair of pure eyes were filled with an innocent light.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s thoughtful face, Yan Zilan pouted. "Do you think that since Yun Zhu didn’t help you, you’ll ..."

Yan Zilan shook Chen Xiang’s hand as he pouted his lips. His eyes contained a hidden bitterness, and had a strong killing intent towards men, and seeing how the number one beauty in Sacred Dan Realm was acting, Chen Xiang’s heart jumped. Even Yun Zhu was secretly surprised, this was the first time she had seen her big sister act so coquettishly, and thinking that Yan Zilan was trying to win some benefits for her, Yun Zhu’s heart suddenly felt warm.

Chen Xiang retracted his hand and forced a laugh: "Sister Zi Lan, you’re different from when I first saw you. You have the demeanor of the Sacred Dan Realm’s number one beauty. You are a powerful female immortal in the Zi Lan Immortal Fairy who is begging so earnestly for a mere mortal like me.

"Yun Zhu’s appearance is not inferior to mine, do you think that she is more pure and naive, and does not know how to approach men ..."

Chen Xiang now understood how deep the relationship between Yan Zilan and the other two sisters were.

"I will definitely come back to the Sacred Dan Realm in the future. Of course, I’ll flatter my three sisters, and when that time comes, I’ll also have a solid shield behind me. I’m just considering whether or not I should give that thing to her." Chen Xiang was never stingy with his connections, and the treasures in his hands and the heaven defying methods, even immortals would not be able to compare to him.

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, Yan Zilan smiled. That kind of coquettish and seductive attitude made Chen Xiang moan in his heart, and he really wanted to jump over to strip this beauty of her clothes.

"I didn’t expect you to have so many treasures. Why are you still considering it? What exactly is it? " Yan Zilan asked with a sweet smile on his face.

Yun Zhu said in a low voice at this moment, "There’s still no need ... I didn’t help you. I can’t take something that’s very valuable. "

Deep into the night, Bai Xing was still floating above the Awakening Formation. He was lying on his back with a calm and peaceful expression, as if he was enjoying something.

But at this time, Chen Xiang took out a corpse, it was the corpse of an old man, outside it was cold ice, and on the ice there was a formation technique, it was a formation technique to prevent the energy from leaking.

"Corpses?" Yan Zilan frowned slightly.

Chen Xiang laughed: "This corpse could only be a corpse to many people, but I can make it very valuable, my Gu family must have at least a few hundred billion Spar, even if there is one, I might not be able to buy it from you for the price."

Yan Zilan had already gotten used to Chen Xiang’s remarkable abilities. Back then, Chen Xiang had stolen away the Jade Dragon Flower and killed Guo Huaqing, the powerful elder of the Chaotic Mountain, and then, stole two Chaos fire s from a Chaotic Mountain Ranker ...

"What value?" Yan Zilan looked carefully at the frozen body, but she could not see anything.

Chen Xiang chuckled: "I don’t know the name of this corpse either. He is a Nirvana Stage that wants to kill me, he should have transcended the eighth level of tribulation. Furthermore, he is an important elder of the Fire Divine Palace."

Hearing the Fire Divine Palace, Yan Zilan and Yun Zhu’s delicate bodies trembled. Chen Xiang never thought that the evil name of the Fire Divine Palace would actually be so famous in the Sacred Dan Realm.

"A power that specializes in extracting Fire Soul from the bodies of the Mortal Realm’s people, it is extremely tyrannical in the Heaven Realm, and its overall strength is also very strong, I never thought that you would actually dare to provoke them ... ..." Speaking to here, Yan Zilan realized that what he said was nonsense.

Chen Xiang even dared to provoke the Chaotic Mountain, what else wouldn’t he dare not do? Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"This guy’s Fire Soul is still in her body, and I have a way to extract it. I believe the two sisters should know the pain of fusing with the Fire Soul, I can let Sister Yun Zhu obtain it, but at that time, she will have to endure the pain of fusing with the Fire Soul." Chen Xiang took a deep breath, "So that’s why I’m considering, whether I should give this thing to her. Sister Yun Zhu cultivates flames, the Fire Soul is of great benefit to her."

When Chen Xiang was in the First profound Realm, he killed several Fire Divine Palace Elders who possessed Fire Soul.

Since the Fire Divine Palace was able to extract the Fire Soul from the human body for others to absorb, it was not strange for Chen Xiang to extract the Fire Soul from the body.

What surprised Chen Xiang was that Yun Zhu actually said bravely: "I’m not afraid, it’s just that this corpse is more precious to you, you must be an alchemist."

"I have the Fire Soul, and it’s also very strong. The Fire Soul inside this corpse should be a purple Fire Soul, so that’s pretty good!" Chen Xiang faintly smiled at Yun Zhu.