Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

C663

Yan Zilan no longer had that kind of gentle and polite attitude towards Chen Xiang. This was because she truly treated Chen Xiang as a friend, which was why she had become casual about it.

"This is my secret!" Chen Xiang smiled mysteriously and continued: "Let’s do the business first."

Yan Zilan gave Chen Xiang a storage ring and said: "Two hundred Relive Dan, three hundred Five Elements Profound Dan, three hundred thousand profound energy Quenching body Dan, and one hundred thousand Face Preserving Pills. A total of one hundred million would be ninety billion, and I’ll give you half price of four hundred and fifteen billion.

The corner of Chen Xiang’s eyes twitched. If it was a dozen or so pills, he would indeed be alright, but when he heard the price, he was shocked.

"You’re too kind, this kind of thing is sold in the Heaven Realm, and you still have to flip through it. You know what it means in the Mortal Realm." Su Meiyao laughed tenderly: "Now it all depends on your charisma, can you let this Sacred Dan Realm’s number one beauty reduce it for you?"

"If I sell it to you at such a low price, I would have to give some to the Sacred Dan School as well. You have helped me out, so this is nothing." Yan Zilan smiled sweetly, but his eyes looked extremely coquettish. If Chen Xiang had enough Spar s, he would have definitely struck a deal right away, but now he could only plan on lowering the price.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s expression, Yan Zilan could not help but giggle: "How many Spar you have?"

"Only two billion!" Chen Xiang sighed.

"Give it to me, I’ll help you pay for the rest. Consider this my reward for you." Yan Zilan extended her hand, and smiled sweetly.

Chen Xiang felt that the desire he gave her was also very precious, so he didn’t feel that it was wrong to ask for it now, he knew that this beauty who brought calamity upon this nation didn’t even take these Spar to heart.

Yan Zilan looked at Yun Zhu at this time, and then said to Chen Xiang: "Bai Xing and I have received your help, obtained many benefits, you are truly a great benefactor, Yun Zhu is also a good sister to me, can you let her have some of your feelings as well?"

Although Chen Xiang’s strength was weak when compared to hers, her entire body was filled with charm and mystery, making her really want to read and interpret this kind of man. At this moment, her face was slightly red, she looked at Chen Xiang with anticipation, and a sweet and gentle smile hung on her face.

Although Yun Zhu was a powerful immortal beast and Fire Wolf, the feeling she gave Chen Xiang right now was that of a kind, gentle, and beautiful little sheep. She looked a little simple, and her pair of pure eyes were filled with an innocent light.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s thoughtful face, Yan Zilan pouted. "Do you think that since Yun Zhu didn’t help you, you’ll ..."

Yan Zilan shook Chen Xiang’s hand as he pouted his lips. His eyes contained a hidden bitterness, and had a strong killing intent towards men, and seeing how the number one beauty in Sacred Dan Realm was acting, Chen Xiang’s heart jumped. Even Yun Zhu was secretly surprised, this was the first time she had seen her big sister act so coquettishly, and thinking that Yan Zilan was trying to win some benefits for her, Yun Zhu’s heart suddenly felt warm.

Chen Xiang retracted his hand and forced a laugh: "Sister Zi Lan, you’re different from when I first saw you. You have the demeanor of the Sacred Dan Realm’s number one beauty. You are a powerful female immortal in the Zi Lan Immortal Fairy who is begging so earnestly for a mere mortal like me.

"Yun Zhu’s appearance is not inferior to mine, do you think that she is more pure and naive, and does not know how to approach men ..."

Chen Xiang now understood how deep the relationship between Yan Zilan and the other two sisters were.

"I will definitely come back to the Sacred Dan Realm in the future. Of course, I’ll flatter my three sisters, and when that time comes, I’ll also have a solid shield behind me. I’m just considering whether or not I should give that thing to her." Chen Xiang was never stingy with his connections, and the treasures in his hands and the heaven defying methods, even immortals would not be able to compare to him.

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, Yan Zilan smiled. That kind of coquettish and seductive attitude made Chen Xiang moan in his heart, and he really wanted to jump over to strip this beauty of her clothes.

"I didn’t expect you to have so many treasures. Why are you still considering it? What exactly is it? " Yan Zilan asked with a sweet smile on his face.

Yun Zhu said in a low voice at this moment, "There’s still no need ... I didn’t help you. I can’t take something that’s very valuable. "

Deep into the night, Bai Xing was still floating above the Awakening Formation. He was lying on his back with a calm and peaceful expression, as if he was enjoying something.

But at this time, Chen Xiang took out a corpse, it was the corpse of an old man, outside it was cold ice, and on the ice there was a formation technique, it was a formation technique to prevent the energy from leaking.

"Corpses?" Yan Zilan frowned slightly.

Chen Xiang laughed: "This corpse could only be a corpse to many people, but I can make it very valuable, my Gu family must have at least a few hundred billion Spar, even if there is one, I might not be able to buy it from you for the price."

Yan Zilan had already gotten used to Chen Xiang’s remarkable abilities. Back then, Chen Xiang had stolen away the Jade Dragon Flower and killed Guo Huaqing, the powerful elder of the Chaotic Mountain, and then, stole two Chaos fire s from a Chaotic Mountain Ranker ...

"What value?" Yan Zilan looked carefully at the frozen body, but she could not see anything.

Chen Xiang chuckled: "I don’t know the name of this corpse either. He is a Nirvana Stage that wants to kill me, he should have transcended the eighth level of tribulation. Furthermore, he is an important elder of the Fire Divine Palace."

Hearing the Fire Divine Palace, Yan Zilan and Yun Zhu’s delicate bodies trembled. Chen Xiang never thought that the evil name of the Fire Divine Palace would actually be so famous in the Sacred Dan Realm.

"A power that specializes in extracting Fire Soul from the bodies of the Mortal Realm’s people, it is extremely tyrannical in the Heaven Realm, and its overall strength is also very strong, I never thought that you would actually dare to provoke them ... ..." Speaking to here, Yan Zilan realized that what he said was nonsense.

Chen Xiang even dared to provoke the Chaotic Mountain, what else wouldn’t he dare not do?

"This guy’s Fire Soul is still in her body, and I have a way to extract it. I believe the two sisters should know the pain of fusing with the Fire Soul, I can let Sister Yun Zhu obtain it, but at that time, she will have to endure the pain of fusing with the Fire Soul." Chen Xiang took a deep breath, "So that’s why I’m considering, whether I should give this thing to her. Sister Yun Zhu cultivates flames, the Fire Soul is of great benefit to her."

When Chen Xiang was in the First profound Realm, he killed several Fire Divine Palace Elders who possessed Fire Soul.

Since the Fire Divine Palace was able to extract the Fire Soul from the human body for others to absorb, it was not strange for Chen Xiang to extract the Fire Soul from the body.

What surprised Chen Xiang was that Yun Zhu actually said bravely: "I’m not afraid, it’s just that this corpse is more precious to you, you must be an alchemist."

"I have the Fire Soul, and it’s also very strong. The Fire Soul inside this corpse should be a purple Fire Soul, so that’s pretty good!" Chen Xiang faintly smiled at Yun Zhu.

3

Share

Proofread

Report

marfranca81April 23, 2019 8:34 PM

Obrigado pelo Capítulo ansioso para o próximo

reply

Join the Discussion

|

Enter your comment here...

Login with

C664

Chen Xiang did so. On one hand, they were able to deepen their relationship with the three sisters Yan Zilan. Although they were female, they were powerful, had lofty statuses, and were very beautiful as well. When he came to the Sacred Dan Realm in the future, he would definitely be taken care of by them.

On the other hand, he also wanted to confirm if he really had the ability to extract the Fire Soul from the dead and infuse it into the dead.

If he succeeded, in the future, when he had the strength, he would hunt down people from the Fire Divine Palace and take out Fire Soul from their bodies. Then, he would treat them the same way, letting them experience what kind of feeling they had after the Fire Soul was taken out.

"Take this and eat it when you’re in pain. It should be able to alleviate the pain." Chen Xiang took out a piece of fresh, red, beautiful fruit flesh. This was the fruit flesh of Earthly fruit s, and the moment Chen Xiang took it out, Yan Zilan and Yun Zhu could immediately see that it was not ordinary.

Yan Zilan was in charge of the Sacred Dan School’s business, since she was a knowledgeable person, she realized that the grade of the fruit was much better than the immortal fruit she mentioned before.

Yun Zhu did not accept it. Although Chen Xiang gave it to her with an indifferent face, she did not dare to accept it because it was too precious!

Yan Zilan chuckled and pinched Yun Zhu’s pure face: "Elder sister, I spent a lot of effort just now, take it."

When she thought about how Yan Zilan had sacrificed his looks and even tried to act spoiled in order to get benefits for her, her heart warmed and she received it with her jade hands.

"With the Devouring magic kungfu and my Fa Li, I should be able to pull out the Fire Soul!" Long Xueyi said. She had long ago discussed all kinds of methods to extract the Fire Soul with Su Meiyao and the others. In the end, she felt that this method was the safest and most effective. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The Devouring magic kungfu was able to extract all the energy from a person’s body, which was why Chen Xiang had used this technique to swallow the Thunder soul. However, at that time, the Thunder soul had entered’s body, and if he added in the powerful control of his Fa Li, he would be able to prevent the Fire Soul from entering his body during the process.

"I’m going to start now. When the time comes, I must focus all my attention. You all must help me protect me!" Chen Xiang’s expression changed, he became solemn: "Also, do not leak out this matter, at that time it might not only be the Fire Divine Palace who wants to deal with me."

When used on Devouring magic kungfu, if others knew that he had such a terrifying devilish art, he would be in deep trouble. Others either wanted to steal this devilish art or kill those who understood it, lest the day comes when he himself was devoured.

Yun Zhu and Yan Zilan both nodded.

Chen Xiang released a formless mana that wrapped around his palm and then released his consciousness. He entered his body and felt the Fire Soul that blended into every part of his body.

He originally had powerful Heaven fire soul on him, and coupled with his powerful divine sense, he could immediately sense them. Then, he would circulate the Devouring magic kungfu and choose to devour those Fire Soul s.

Yan Zilan also wanted to see what kind of method Chen Xiang used to extract the Fire Soul, but she only sensed that Chen Xiang was releasing mana and wasn’t able to tell anything else.

Chen Xiang’s hand was placed on top of the corpse’s chest, and a weak purple flame suddenly leaked out from the corpse, upon seeing it, both Yan Zilan and Yun Zhu fiercely stared at it with their beautiful eyes wide open. This was truly a purple Fire Soul, and in the Sacred Dan Realm, it was a priceless treasure, especially for some of the older Alchemist, they would definitely be able to make a rich Alchemist throw their money away to exchange for it.

A ball of purple colored flames slowly condensed into form within Chen Xiang’s palm as it violently jumped. It was shining with an extremely dazzling purple light, and under the darkness of the night, it was as if a bright purple star was spewing out light.

Yan Zilan and Yun Zhu now understood why Chen Xiang had said that he could make this corpse valuable. They looked similar, but what kind of benefits killing a person with a Fire Soul would have, if this ability was known to some powers, they would probably think of ways to make Chen Xiang work for them. If Fire Divine Palace knew, then Fire Divine Palace would definitely do whatever it took to eliminate Chen Xiang.

Thus, they understood why Chen Xiang cautiously allowed them to keep their secret. For Chen Xiang to reveal such an important secret in front of them, meant that he absolutely trusted them. This also meant that Chen Xiang treated them as friends who could entrust their lives to each other.

Before long, the purple Fire Soul in Chen Xiang’s hand became extremely large, and like a watermelon, it flickered with waves of intense purple light.

"Completed, I didn’t expect it to be so fast!" Chen Xiang sealed the body again, because there was still a lot of energy inside, allowing him to absorb it in the future.

"Sister Yun Zhu, are you ready?" Chen Xiang smiled slightly.

Yun Zhu’s eyes flickered with an excited and excited Qiubo, he looked at Chen Xiang with extreme gratitude, and nodded. "Mmm!"

Holding the purple Fire Soul, Chen Xiang pressed it into Yun Zhu’s abdomen. Yun Zhu’s face instantly revealed a pained expression, and his clothes were also instantly burnt up, revealing his snow-white body covered in faint purple flames. Chen Xiang’s eyes started to flicker as he looked.

"Sister Viola, hurry and bring her to a quiet place. She’s purposely going to convert the materials into cost and fuse them together." Chen Xiang anxiously shouted: "Sister Yun Zhu, hurry up and eat that fruit flesh I gave you."

Yan Zilan flew over, embraced Yun Zhu tightly and flew in one direction, while Yun Zhu endured the pain of eating the Earthly fruit.

Not long after, Chen Xiang saw a purple light flashing and appeared at a place in the valley far away. From time to time, he heard weak howls of wolves, and in order to not disturb Bai Xing and the Sacred Dan School, Yan Zilan set up a barrier around himself, isolating himself from Yun Zhu’s howls and purple light.

Chen Xiang laughed: "I succeeded, from now on, those fellows from Fire Divine Palace are my best prey, haha ..."

"Great, this group of fellows, relying on their solid foundation in the Heaven Realm, they can be domineering in the Mortal Realm, plundering Fire Soul and high grade fire type medicinal ore." Su Meiyao said with extreme hatred, "You better return to the Mortal Martial Realm and join forces with your Junior Nephew and the others to annihilate the Fire Divine Palace. Otherwise, you will be stabbed in the back when the Great War between Three Realms starts."

"We’ll talk about it when the time comes, I won’t let the Fire Divine Palace in the mortal kungfu realm get away with it!"

A flash of ruthlessness flashed across Chen Xiang’s eyes. It was precisely because Elder Dan was persecuted by Fire Divine Palace that caused him to come here, and he knew that in other worlds, there were many people who had been pulled out of the Fire Soul by Fire Divine Palace and then killed.

Yan Zilan flew back, and revealed a sincere and grateful smile: "Yun Zhu is much stronger than I thought, thank you for giving her such a good gift!"

"There’s no need to be so polite, just don’t object to me chasing after her!" Chen Xiang laughed wickedly: "Sister Yun Zhu’s pure temperament and gentle personality is really an ideal wife, it’s just that she’s a immortal beast ... ..."

Yan Zilan saw that Chen Xiang was all smiles, she lightly bit her lips, stomped her foot, and pouted. "You little scoundrel, what else do you want?"

Chen Xiang looked at Bai Xing, then looked at Yan Zilan, and praised: "If you three sisters go out walking frequently, you are really a scourge to the world. Why don’t I take you in, and take the justice for the heavens ...."

"Damn you!" Yan Zilan laughed and used the jade to point at Chen Xiang’s forehead.