After Chen Xiang arrived at Purple Flower Mountain. Yun Zhu had to admit that Chen Xiang was indeed an extremely powerful person, with a mysterious veil covering his entire body, making people feel as if he had come from an extremely powerful and mysterious world. If Chen Xiang had not personally admitted it, Yan Zilan would not have believed that Chen Xiang had come from the Mortal Realm.

Bai Xing’s body was surrounded by pure white light and floated above the Awakening Formation. Her curved eyelashes trembled and opened her beautiful eyes slightly.

She was still floating above the formation, and the stars in the sky seemed to be much brighter than usual. Her pair of peaceful beautiful eyes were looking at the twinkling stars.

"For a bane like you, I will take as many as I can get. I’m not afraid of bringing trouble upon myself!"

Chen Xiang laughed as she walked to Bai Xing’s side, but Yan Zilan rolled his eyes at her. Although she knew that Chen Xiang and Du Yanyao were disguised as husband and wife, how could she not see through Du Yanyao’s intentions?

"Thank you, Young Master Shen!" Bai Xing smiled gently, looking at Chen Xiang with extreme gratitude. Since she was young, she had always been self-reproachful, she had killed many people, and even killed her benefactors who had taken her in. Now that she knew it was just a coincidence, it had nothing to do with her.

She was even more worried about dragging Yan Zilan and Yun Zhu down.

"No need to thank me, because I still need you to help me out a lot!" Chen Xiang smiled at her: "How are you feeling now? Do you want to return to the vast space in the future? " Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Bai Xing looked at Yan Zilan and revealed a warm smile, "There’s no need. Although that should be my place to go, I already have a home here."

This moved Yan Zilan a little.

Chen Xiang looked at Yan Zilan and Bai Xing. He had a premonition that this Zi Lan Mountain Valley’s three sisters would definitely make a name for themselves in the future.

It was daybreak and Bai Xing was jumping about in the valley, chasing after butterflies. From time to time, he would even turn into a very small and cute little white tiger, playing with Chen Xiang, making him wish he could carry her and bring her back to Mortal Realm.

Yun Zhu was still fusing with the purple Fire Soul. Although a barrier had been set up over there, the purple fire would still appear from time to time. Yun Zhu had eaten the Earthly fruit, and it would take a while to digest the energy that the Earthly fruit brought her.

Three days had passed and Yan Zilan had returned from the outside with some news.

At that time, the Chaos fire will be placed on top of it, and there will be people who will set up some formations in the plaza, saying that it is used to communicate with the gods, but I have asked some friends who know how to set up a formation, and said that the formation is a type of trap used to trap people, and that even the stronger immortals in Sacred Dan Realm would find it difficult to come out of the formation after falling into it.

Yan Zilan said: "This is undoubtedly a trap set up for you. I don’t know what other benefits Chaotic Mountain has given the other powers, to be able to get many large powers to help them, when they were setting up the formation array, I saw other famous formation masters from other forces."

Chen Xiang said with a grave expression on his face, "Looks like it has always been difficult for Chaotic Mountain to collect all seven Chaos fire. But right now, I already have four, so they will definitely be tempted.

"Sister Zi Lan, do you think they might be having a vacation?" Chen Xiang carried the cute little white tiger in his arms and gently stroked the soft fur on her body.

Yan Zilan shook his head: "No, they will definitely use real power to lure you out. They know that you are not an ordinary person, if the fake power is discovered by you, if you do not appear, then they will have wasted their efforts."

Chen Xiang rubbed Bai Xing’s little head and laughed: "Big Sis Bai Xing, when the time comes, it’s all up to you!

With a flash of white light, it turned into a slim and graceful beauty dressed in white clothes floating in the wind. Bai Xing’s beautiful eyes flashed with a mischievous light as she smiled sweetly and said: "I feel that you’re the genuine calamity fiend, but I feel that doing this kind of thing with you is really satisfying. Just thinking about it makes me excited."

Bai Xing had always been a mischievous woman, and would often turn into a kitten to play with Chen Xiang. Although she was very old and strong, she loved to play around.

"Bai Xing, how many stars can you make? This has to be grasped well, so as not to harm the innocent. " Yan Zilan asked, he glanced at Chen Xiang and spat: "Scoundrel, you have taught my little sister Bai Xing bad, you have to take responsibility!"

Chen Xiang laughed: "How about I marry her, I will discipline her properly."

"Humph!" The two girls immediately snorted tenderly.

Bai Xing looked at the sky and said: "If I were to use all of the power I have, I should be able to summon a Fire Lightning Star that’s a hundred times bigger than the Heaven Sacred City."

Suddenly, a low wolf howl came from the valley, Chen Xiang and the two girls only saw a purple light flash past, and Yun Zhu appeared in front of them, and he was covered in Qi.

This was the first time Chen Xiang had seen a woman’s body, but he did not have any evil thoughts about her. This was because that kind of pure beauty, was as if she was emitting waves of holy light, and was able to purify any kind of evil energy.

"Big sister, second sister, from today onwards, I will become a immortal beast with Fire Soul!" Yun Zhu was very happy, her face was covered in a pure and sweet smile, but she only realized something when he saw Chen Xiang’s straight eyes.

With a ’shua’ sound, her face became like a red apple. Yan Zilan’s reaction was fast, and he took out a purple robe, and wrapped it around Yun Zhu’s body.

"I didn’t see anything!" Chen Xiang laughed twice, which made Yun Zhu’s face turn even redder, and made him lower his head, not daring to raise it.

Seeing this pure beauty being so bashful, Yan Zilan and Bai Xing could not help but spit.

"Sister Yun Zhu, I didn’t think that you could fuse with it in such a short amount of time, and even digest the energy of the fruit’s flesh." Chen Xiang changed the topic and said with an astonished look on his face.

However, Yun Zhu was still extremely shy, and her voice was as loud as a mosquito: "It’s all thanks to that fruit, my entire body was originally in pain, but after eating it, it would be able to remove all of the pain and increase my speed in fusing with the Fire Soul."

This made Chen Xiang’s eyes light up, the Earthly fruit being able to have this kind of effect was beyond his expectations.