Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Yan Zilan glanced at Chen Xiang. He quickly flew up as well.

"Primordius, hurry up. This boy is trapped in the array formation and can’t get out!" an old man shouted.

The person called Yu Yuan was the grey robed elder, he suddenly saw Chen Xiang take out a disk-like thing, and it was still frantically absorbing the energy from Chen Xiang’s body.

Chen Xiang had already succeeded, what he needed to do now was to open a dimensional door and return to the Mortal Martial Realm.

After Chen Xiang stepped into the Hundred refining realm, it became denser, enough for him to return to the Mortal Martial Realm.

A spatial door appeared. When Primordius saw it, he shouted, "Chen Xiang, go and die!"

After the many experts who were flying in the sky heard this, they immediately turned their heads, only to see Primordius waving his palm, causing a grey Qi to shoot towards Chen Xiang, and Chen Xiang who was about to enter the dimensional door was struck by the Qi, becoming a blood mist. The dimensional door also closed at this moment.

In that moment, Yan Zilan’s mind went blank. Looking at the blood mist floating above the stage, she felt her heart throbbing in pain, causing her to almost fall down. Everyone who saw this scene was extremely shocked, although Chen Xiang was a weak person, but the things he did were so shocking that they did not expect him to die just like that.

Du Hai let out a long sigh, feeling extremely regretful, he continued to fly up in the air, and after the many experts were shocked, they also continued to stop the star from falling down.

Yan Zilan resisted the pain in his heart, and glared at Primordius angrily. He clenched his jade fists, and with tears in his eyes, he flew towards the star in the sky.

Within the Mortal Martial Realm, Chen Xiang appeared within a forest. This was the Chen Martial Continent, a forest very close to the Super Martial School, so Chen Xiang looked at his broken legs and scolded with a smile. "Old bastard, I won in the end, haha ..."

Chen Xiang was just a little slower, both of his legs were blown into bloody mist, but he had quickly grown up.

Seeing flesh and bones continuously growing on his thighs, Chen Xiang exclaimed, "Is this the power of rebirth of the jade dragon? "He really is powerful!"

"Looks like you already have a Yulong blood. You don’t have any strength at all right now, and you can grow it quickly. Only the Yulong blood can do that." Long Xueyi smiled tenderly: "We have finally returned to this place and I don’t know how much time has passed."

Chen Xiang used all of his strength to open the dimensional door and return to the Mortal Martial Realm. Although he was currently powerless, he felt incredibly relaxed, and he had finally returned to the land of his birth. There weren’t many old fellows here who were strong enough to destroy the heavens and the earth.

"Those old fellows from the Sacred Dan Realm should think that you are already dead." Bai Youyou said, and both she and Su Meiyao broke out in a cold sweat.

"It’s for the best. I hope these old fellows can live a little longer. I will definitely look for them." Chen Xiang looked at his recovered legs and praised. He used all his strength to stand up and walk a few steps.

"It’s no different from my original legs. It’s hard to imagine that my body can recover to its original state even with such a strong body." Chen Xiang patted his bare thighs, and released waves of disgusting laughter, scaring the birds and beasts to the point that they flew around.

After consuming all the pills, Chen Xiang quickly recovered a lot of Innate Qi s, he donned a pair of pants, and flew around the forest, he was already very familiar with the place.

"If it was to use medicine to recover a damaged body, not only would it not be as strong as it was before, it would also be very uncomfortable. But now, I feel that my legs have never been broken before." Chen Xiang now understood why the Yulong blood were being snatched away by the other Emperor Dragons like they were their treasures, and also understood why so many female Dragons threw themselves into their arms.

The dragon’s body was very strong. If it was injured, it would take a very long time to recover, but if there were Yulong blood s, it could quickly recover!

As soon as Chen Xiang entered the Super Martial profound Realm, he was very surprised, because he saw a very young bald man. The smile on the baldy’s face was very gentle, looking like he was harmless, Chen Xiang would never forget this smile, because this was Wu Kaiming’s signature smile!

"Little baldy, haha ..." Are you old again? "What’s going on?" Chen Xiang slapped Wu Kaiming’s shiny skull until it cracked loudly, causing many elders and true disciples to break out in cold sweat.

In all of Super Martial School, probably only a monster like Chen Xiang would dare to hit Wu Kaiming on the head like that, and while patting him, he laughed out loud. If it were anyone else, they would have died a long time ago.

"Congratulations, you have successfully passed the eighth level of Nirvana Tribulation. You are only one step away from advancing to Heaven Realm." Chen Xiang laughed, touching that bright bald head.

Wu Kaiming laughed bitterly: "Junior Martial Uncle, you’re the same as that madman. You always have to tease me like this when you see my bald head."

Chen Xiang brought Wu Kaiming back to the Super Dan Imperial College. After entering, he did not see the Elder Dan nor Wu Qianqian, and could not help but sigh in his heart.

"This is all thanks to the martial arts the old madman passed on to me, allowing me to have such a youthful appearance. However, this caused me to pay a lot of cost and I was almost crushed to death by that old madman." Wu Kaiming recalled the events of the past and sighed.

Chen Xiang found out from Wu Kaiming that it had only been a little more than a month since Mortal Martial Realm, and it was now the time for Devil-subduing College to hold the Demon Subduing Martial Arts Tournament, inviting many experts from Nirvana Stage to exchange pointers with their martial skills.

"This Son of God is a very powerful person, and he was always provoking you. However, there was no trace of you, so many people thought that you were afraid and didn’t accept his challenge." Wu Kaiming sighed with emotion: "This God Child came down from the Heaven Realm and has quite a bit of status in the Heaven Realm. He brought some bodies and pills that can be used to rope in some powerful old fellows. The Devil-subduing College’s influence within the Mortal Martial Realm is growing wider and wider."

Chen Xiang was not surprised by this, but he also believed that the God Child could not threaten him, not to mention that the God Son did not have as many Demon Suppressing Bodies as he did. His experience in the Sacred Dan Realm had made him even more powerful, whether it was in terms of mental state or strength, it was completely different from before.

"The Anti-Demon Martial Arts Competition? "Of course I have to join in the fun!" Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang left immediately, he left the Super Martial School, stepped onto the Transmission array and arrived at the Continent of the King, and then rushed towards the Devil-subduing College.

The conditions offered by the Devil-subduing College were very generous, and with the help of the Anti-Demon Martial Arts, there was no need to spend too much Spar. Therefore, many disciples from famous sects in the Mortal Martial Realm had all entered into the Academy, and in a short period of time, many cities had been established near the Devil-subduing College, becoming very lively.