Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Yun Xiaodao and Xv Weilong saw Xiao Chou saying these words. He had thought that under Gu Dongchen’s nurturing, his progress had been extremely fast. However, with just a few words from Xiao Chou, he seemed to have the power to instantly kill Chen Xiang.

And what about Chen Xiang’s strength? Yun Xiaodao, Xv Weilong and Xiao Chou could not tell, but from the information that they obtained from Chen Xiang’s previous disappearance, it could be the Soul Martial Realm.

Chen Xiang slapped Xiao Chou’s bald head again: "Brat, you still deserve to be taught a lesson huh. From the looks of it, you seem to be unrivalled in the world? This isn’t good. "

Xiao Chou smiled, smiling extremely confidently. At this time, he no longer had the attitude of looking down on everyone else.

"Master, what I said was the truth. My Great Strength Race’s inheritance is already very extraordinary, I have now reached the peak of the Hundred refining realm, and after I comprehended the legacy of the Great Strength Race, I received a lot of Power of giving, allowing me to sense the martial spirits, strengthen my martial spirits, strengthen my body, from the Spirit Martial Realm to the Soul Martial Realm, all of these went unobstructed. In one breath’s time, I reached my current stage."

Peak of Hundred refining realm! Yun Xiaodao and Xv Weilong were both extremely shocked, and had even went up in one go.

But Chen Xiang just smiled playfully, he did not care about it at all, but in his heart, he was secretly thankful for his foresight, fortunately, he had gained a lot from Sacred Dan Realm, otherwise, he would really be killed by his own disciple.

Pah pah pah, Chen Xiang fiercely slapped Xiao Chou’s shiny skull a few times: "Brat, you’re still too arrogant, don’t think that you’re the only one who’s levelling up, the others have not gotten any enhancements yet."

"Master... Are you faster than me? It’s only been a short while. I remember that when I parted with you back then, you had only just stepped into the Extreme realm. I admit that I was able to improve so quickly due to a fortuitous encounter, but don’t worry Master, with your talent, you’ll still have a chance to surpass me in the future. I’m still your disciple ... "

Before he finished speaking, Chen Xiang suddenly struck out with his palm, but because the speed was too fast, no one saw him make a move, but with a loud explosion, Xiao Chou’s entire person disappeared. After Xiao Chou was sent flying by Chen Xiang, his body instantly penetrated through many houses, and smashed out a large hole in many houses and walls.

"This brat, if I don’t teach him a lesson, I really won’t know how powerful I am." Chen Xiang smiled faintly.

Yun Xiaodao and Xv Weilong didn’t seem to be too surprised, because it was considered normal in their eyes, and they only sighed in their hearts.

Zhu Rong woke up. After he had eaten Chen Xiang’s medicinal pellet, his arm slowly grew back. This pellet was a pellet of top grade Ground level, even Nirvana Stage could quickly recover after eating it, let alone Zhu Rong. It was just that Chen Xiang did not tell him the name of this expensive medicinal pellet.

"Younger Brother Shen, I purposely got injured because I wanted you to appear. I knew you would come." Zhu Rong’s complexion looked much better, but after seeing Chen Xiang, he laughed out loud.

"Actually, it’s already not bad that I was able to stay under Liao Shaoyun’s lead for a few moves, I’ll leave this guy to you guys."

Xiao Chou returned, his entire body was covered in soil and ashes, he saw that Chen Xiang was no longer bragging. He had been tensed up just now, on the alert that Chen Xiang would suddenly come to test him, yet he was still sent flying by Chen Xiang’s palm. Furthermore, he did not even use the slightest bit of Innate Qi.

"Old Zhu, you should be able to walk now, right?" Chen Xiang asked.

Zhu Rong immediately jumped up from the bed and asked with a smile: "Just what kind of pill is this? It took me so long to completely recover. "

Of course Chen Xiang would not tell him that it was a Relive Dan, he only smiled and said: "Hell Ganoderma, I have something for you to do."

When Xiao Chou, Xv Weilong, Yun Xiaodao and the other two saw Chen Xiang’s words, they knew that Chen Xiang had a plan to deal with that Liao Shaoyun.

"Just say it." Zhu Rong said.

"This is the Nine quenching body Dan. Think of a way to spread the bounty order, just say you can obtain this Nine quenching body Dan after taking Liao Shaoyun’s head." Chen Xiang took out a pellet. This kind of pellet, in his eyes, was no different from a pea.

However, in the eyes of Zhu Rong and the rest, it was indeed a treasure, they felt that using pills to place a bounty on Liao Shaoyun was not worth it.

Chen Xiang laughed: "Relax, with how smart Liao Shaoyun is, he will definitely not be caught." Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

As he spoke, he took out another pill. "This is the Relive Dan ..."

Smelling the medicinal fragrance, when they heard the three words "Relive Dan", Zhu Rong and the other three were immediately dumbstruck. The Relive Dan, an expensive pellet of upper grade Ground level, actually existed actually for Chen Xiang to have this kind of thing. Xiao Chou now understood why Chen Xiang was stronger than him, because Chen Xiang was still a Alchemist.

"Don’t try to steal it. This is for the God’s head. I want to see how they can still act so arrogantly." Chen Xiang passed the two pellets to Zhu Rong: "If you want to return to the Super Martial School and release this news there, you will need to invite some old geezers from the medicine world to appraise this. You also need to find some other reputable powers to support your bounty."

Yun Xiaodao and the others could not believe that Chen Xiang actually gave these two precious pellets to Zhu Rong so easily to issue a bounty.

"These are ten Chunyuan gold Dan. Tell them, this is their reward, so they can spread the news of this within the shortest amount of time possible to the entire Mortal Martial Realm."

Chen Xiang was a Alchemist, so naturally, the thing he lacked the most was pellets. As of now, Yun Xiaodao and the others could already completely feel the outcome of offending a Alchemist.

"Relax, I have a lot of these things, but you all must prepare Spar s to buy from me. Although you are my friends, I cannot give them to you all for nothing!" Chen Xiang chuckled: "You guys should know that not everyone has the chance to be slaughtered by me."

Yun Xiaodao laughed out loud: To be able to buy this pill, no matter how many cuts we get killed, we would be willing to do so. It seems like we have to find some time to get these Spar s.

Through the Transmission array in the city, Zhu Rong was sent to the Great Transmission array of the City of the King, and then, he was sent back to the Super Martial School.

In just half a day’s time, Yun Xiaodao had received news of the bounty. The entire Mortal Martial Realm was alarmed because this was an extremely large bounty, and it had to be known that the Relive Dan was far more enticing than the Spar, especially to those old fellows from the Nirvana Stage.

Even if they were Nine quenching body Dan s, there were many Hundred refining realm s and warriors who were interested in them.

This is troublesome, I found out that it was Old Zhu who gave them rewards, luckily he is currently in Super Martial School. Yun Xiaodao laughed: "Old Zhu was injured by Liao Shaoyun, so it is normal for him to do such a thing, it is just that many people are curious to know who gave him the pill."

Xiao Chou rubbed his bald head and laughed: "Many people should have guessed that this master gave it to him! Oh right, Master, when are you planning to destroy Shao Yun Martial Club? "

Chen Xiang did not say anything. He was using the Heaven tour method, letting his own consciousness wander on top of the Shao Yun Martial Club, he could clearly hear and see the things there.