Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Following the strengthening of Chen Xiang’s soul. When he used the Heaven tour method, he could also let his consciousness travel a little further. However, compared to Long Xueyi, it was still much weaker, and he had to spend quite a bit of mana to do so.

He looked down at the entire Shao Yun Martial Club, and very quickly saw Liao Shaoyun’s gloomy face, and he returned to the dojo.

"Pass down the order, once you see Yun Xiaodao and the others, you must capture them. Moreover, you must not allow anyone else to enter." Liao Shaoyun was currently flustered and exasperated. He never thought that there would actually be someone who would use such an expensive medicinal pellet to offer him rewards, and he didn’t have the same concealed skill as Chen Xiang, so he was naturally afraid.

Chen Xiang regained his senses, and said: "Liao Shaoyun should be back, and God Child Wang Shengren probably doesn’t dare to leave now, he must be very angry right now, he is a dignified God Child, but unexpectedly, someone used a broken pellet to place a bounty on his head."

"He did not expect to have such a day. What dogshit god son of a bitch. Even if he is destined to become a god in the future, he is just a fart without strength right now." Xiao Chou laughed.

Chen Xiang looked at the sky. The sky was filled with thick clouds and it was already dusk.

"With such a thick layer of clouds, it will definitely be very dark tonight. It’s a dark, windy night, a night to kill!" Chen Xiang said: "Let’s start tonight."

There were no Nirvana Stage in the Shao Yun Martial Club, Long Xueyi had already confirmed this, but even though there were only four people on Chen Xiang’s side, they were all experts, especially this Great Strength Race who had received a fortuitous encounter and had his bloodline awaken. Even Chen Xiang felt that it would take a lot of effort to defeat his disciple.

"Elder Brother Shen, does that mean you’re not going to participate in the Demon Subduing Martial Arts Competition?" Yun Xiaodao asked.

"Why do you ask? I will definitely attend it! " Chen Xiang laughed.

"You killed Liao Shaoyun, they will definitely not let you sign up!" Yun Xiaodao said: "When the time comes, we won’t be able to register."

Xiao Chou said: "If you don’t want to, then don’t want to go!"

Yun Xiaodao said: "The reward for the Anti-Demon Martial Arts Competition was a small White dragon blood Dan. It was said that Wang Shengren took it out himself, and it is now in the custody of the principal who is in charge of the Martial Arts Tournament."

The White dragon blood Dan caused Chen Xiang to be secretly shocked, he anxiously said: "Chen Xiang, this White dragon blood Dan can be used to help the white-haired beauty awaken the White Dragon Vein in her body."

Previously, Dongfang Yao had said that the God Child had a way to allow Leng Youlan to awaken his White Dragon Vein. In order for Leng Youlan to gain immense power, Chen Xiang had to get hold of the White dragon blood Dan.

"Can’t you get this thing out?" Chen Xiang asked Long Xueyi: "What exactly is this thing?"

To ordinary people, the greatest use is to strengthen the physical body, but it is only useful for people with weaker physical bodies. Usually, the White dragon blood Dan would be used for humans with White Dragon Vein to consume, so for those kind of people, the greatest use is awakening of their bloodline. "" Understood.

"Furthermore, you must have the strength of an immortal to have a dragon that has been born. I cannot do that." Long Xueyi said.

Xv Weilong said: "As long as we can register, we can participate once we pass the examination. Wang Shengren had always wanted to challenge Chen Xiang, so they would definitely not stop him from registering."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "That’s right, if I am stopped, I will disguise myself and use a different name. This White dragon blood Dan must be very valuable to Wang Shengren, I will not take it."

"When the time comes, Wang Shengren will also participate. He was confident that he could get first place, which was why he was willing to take out the White dragon blood Dan as a reward. There’s a good show to see now." Yun Xiaodao laughed.

At night, Chen Xiang, Yun Xiaodao, Zhu Rong and Xiao Chou were walking on the main street. At this time, Shaoyun City was still bustling with activity, and shouts could be heard from the Shao Yun Martial Club, accompanied by the shaking of the air caused by the competition.

"Liao Shaoyun is gone, he’s not inside." Long Xueyi suddenly said: "Could he be hiding somewhere?"

Chen Xiang did not expect Liao Shaoyun, who had just returned, to suddenly leave.

"Whatever, I have to destroy this Shao Yun Martial Club tonight." Chen Xiang was still aggressively walking on the street, and anyone who saw him would know that he did not come with good intentions, and was even heading towards the direction of Shao Yun Martial Club.

However, most of the warriors that came to this city to participate in the Demon Subduing Martial Arts Competition recognized Yun Xiaodao and Xv Weilong, and Chen Xiang, who had disguised himself, did not.

Chen Xiang and the rest were followed by a group of people who came to watch the show, which suited Chen Xiang’s intentions.

At the entrance of the Shao Yun Martial Club, Chen Xiang and the rest were stopped by two muscular men.

"What are you doing? If you want to take the position of the owner, get the hell out of here ... "

With that, Xiao Chou threw a punch towards the tightly shut door, the power of the punch was like thunder, spitting out a burst of golden light, striking the air, it created a wave of Qi undulations and shockwaves, and struck the two robust men’s bodies, causing the door to immediately shatter, and the two of them flew into the dojo, their huge bodies smashing through many buildings.

This caused everyone to be shocked, because this youth’s attack was not ordinary. A simple punch actually had such a strong power.

"Let’s go!"

Chen Xiang shouted coldly, a sound wave rippled out from his mouth and transformed into a dragon’s roar, like a raging dragon, it stirred up a powerful energy storm. The green ripples that could be seen with the naked eye, extended forward mightily. When the luxuriously decorated door touched the sonic wave, it was instantly ripped into pieces. Those who rushed out from the sound wave were all shaken as their blood surged, and they vomited blood while shouting.

This move not only shocked those who came to watch the show, but also Yun Xiaodao and the others!

The Dragon Roar was a sound wave martial art from the God level, and Chen Xiang had used three levels of power to seek death, causing such strong damage. If he used his power, then those people would have been shocked senseless, and even the people around him would be affected.

Chen Xiang walked in front, stepping on top of the shattered pieces, and then in an extremely violent manner, entered the Shao Yun Martial Club. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"You all ... What are you guys doing here? " A middle aged man rushed out with a group of people. Seeing the broken down area and the many experts of his dojo lying on the ground, he felt the ferocious aura from Chen Xiang and the others, which made him shocked.

"We are here to cause trouble, didn’t Liao Shaoyun say that before? Whoever has the ability can come and smash his Shao Yun Martial Club at any time. " Yun Xiaodao laughed loudly, "Where is this idiot hiding? He would be very sorry if he couldn’t see his dojo destroyed. "

Xiao Chou curled his lips and said: "Since we are here to smash the building, then let’s not be so long-winded. Let me prove it, we are indeed here to smash the building!"

The Great Strength Race had always been a warlike person, his entire body was filled with violence and blood. Now that he had the chance, Xiao Chou was extremely excited, his blood boiling, he rushed in, and in that instant, a house collapsed and turned into ruins.