Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The people of the entire Youngcloud City were all stunned. Many people from the surrounding cities also dared to come over. When they found out that it was a big battle between Chen Xiang and his subordinate, they were extremely excited and shocked, as they tried to find a good spot to watch.

Chen Xiang’s entire body was filled with Dragon Power, any human who cultivates in the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu can cultivate the power of a dragon. Back then, Chen Xiang’s master, Huang Jintian, used a full body of the terrifying Dragon Power to shake the entire Mortal Martial Realm!

Chen Xiang was like an awakened ancient giant dragon, its entire body emitting an ancient power, the ground trembled, the wind and clouds changed color, the Dragon Power in Chen Xiang’s body started to churn, releasing waves after waves of growls, like the roar of a ferocious dragon.

"Liao Shaoyun, let’s settle this today!" Chen Xiang suddenly took a step forward, and a crack appeared beneath his feet. The white Dragon Power shot out from under his feet, transforming into a white dragon, rushing towards Liao Shaoyun along the crack.

This kind of Kill Dragon Art was a rarity to begin with, and to be able to see someone using it was even rarer. What was most shocking was that the white dragon formed from the Dragon Power suddenly turned red, its entire body covered with red crystal-like scales, flames burned, its imposing manner pressing on the air, it flew out from the crevice and struck Liao Shaoyun.

Chen Xiang used the power of the Fire God Dragon Soul to strengthen the Dragon Power. Adding his mana usage, this power turned into a fire dragon.

Liao Shaoyun never thought that Chen Xiang could easily execute such a terrifying Kill Dragon Art, allowing his own strength to turn into a lifelike dragon.

He looked at the roaring and raging fire dragon rushing towards him, terrified. Letting out an angry roar, he strengthened his aura, folded his palms together, and his entire body was covered in a golden light. A pillar of light shot out from his palm and struck the fire dragon.

Liao Shaoyun was also extremely strong. Under his full strength, he defeated the Fire Dragon, turning it into countless of flames that were about to break down, and scattered it amongst the ruins, igniting some of the wood. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"It’s just a bluff!" When Liao Shaoyun saw that the fire dragon was so easily destroyed by him, he sneered. His folded palms sprayed out a beam of light at Chen Xiang, which actually passed through his body and struck a hole in Chen Xiang’s chest.

Seeing it being so easy, everyone could not believe that Chen Xiang had been struck so easily. Liao Shaoyun also could not believe it, and they all subconsciously thought of Chen Xiang’s "Water Mirror Technique", but that was not it, because after being struck with the Water Mirror Technique, it would turn into mist and dissipate away. However, not only did it not happen now, there was even blood flowing out from the hole on his chest.

Just as Xiao Chou and the others wanted to shout in anger, Chen Xiang suddenly appeared beside them, and slapped towards Liao Shaoyun’s face.

Liao Shaoyun was already sure that Chen Xiang’s chest had been pierced by him, but Chen Xiang’s sudden appearance caught him off guard.

"Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa ... ..." Chen Xiang used the power of Dragon Power and the tenth layer of Devil-suppressing power, and gave Liao Shaoyun a slap.

After Liao Shaoyun’s delicate and tender face was slapped, the bones on her face immediately shattered. Her teeth had also shattered into many small snow-white pieces, and following that, a mouthful of blood sprayed out from Liao Shaoyun’s mouth.

After striking out with his palm, Chen Xiang immediately followed up with two punches, with a pair of tiger skin gloved man appearing on top of them. Killing intent surged out, enveloping the entire sky.

Liao Shaoyun was so angry that he wanted to curse, but Chen Xiang did not give him the chance. Even if he wanted to shout a few times, he could only spit out a mouthful of blood.

The virtual image that Chen Xiang had released just now was created by him using the Water Mirror Technique together with the Eye Concealment Technique. It was extremely realistic, even if it was hit, it would not dissipate and could be used to distract others and give the opponent a fatal blow.

A series of explosions resounded in the sky once again, but this time it was Chen Xiang who released all of them. His fists were filled with the power of the tenth layer of Devil-suppressing power, and it was even activated using the Dragon Power, coordinating with the Slaughter God’s Hand. These few waves of berserk energy gathered together and struck Liao Shaoyun’s body, and every fist was capable of crushing Liao Shaoyun’s bones and flesh into paste.

Liao Shaoyun’s body suffered hundreds of punches in just a few moments. Other than his head being still considered intact, his other body had already turned into mud. He glared at Chen Xiang with eyes filled with hatred, as if he was going to be cut into pieces by Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang stepped onto his cheek and said expressionlessly: "How did you step on me back then, 30 years, East, West, 30 years!"

After he finished speaking, Chen Xiang used his strength and stomped his foot and shattered two of Liao Shaoyun’s bones, causing him to let out an extremely miserable roar of pain. (TL: UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU)))

"The God Child is coming!" Long Xueyi shouted.

Chen Xiang gave Yun Xiaodao and the others a look and told them to leave. Previously, Chen Xiang had agreed with them that when they knew that some powerful people were going to come, they would leave quickly. The number of disciples in the famous sects who died in their hands numbered in the tens, and some of them were even students of the Devil-subduing College.

Chen Xiang ruthlessly trampled on Liao Shaoyun’s face. Even if he didn’t kill him, he had said it before, he wouldn’t let Liao Shaoyun die too easily.

Hearing Liao Shaoyun’s miserable cries, everyone’s heart tensed up. Even if Chen Xiang wasn’t disguised, they could still recognize him as Chen Xiang.

"Insolent Chen Xiang, you dare cause trouble in my Devil-subduing College’s territory, and even kill my Devil-subduing College’s elite disciples!? I will definitely kill you!" An imposing voice came out, a cold voice, but it was as if it was an emperor who had the power to make others submit. Within the angry voice, there was a killing intent that actually broke through Chen Xiang’s released killing intent.

The God Child had come. This was a man dressed in a golden robe, with a jade-like face, eyebrows that were like twin swords, and eyes that were like stars. He landed gracefully in front of Chen Xiang, and his eyes that were as deep as the ocean emitted an aggressive glow as he stared at Chen Xiang like a god looking at a mortal.

If it was anyone else, they would have already knelt down, but Chen Xiang was not, he continued to trample on Liao Shaoyun’s head.

"Let him go, I’ll give you a chance to fight me, and let you die a fair and square death!" Unhappiness flashed across Wang Shengren’s eyes, because Chen Xiang actually didn’t respect him like the others.

"God stick, I’ve finally met you!" Chen Xiang laughed loudly: "Let’s see how you will make me die so unfairly!"

While speaking, strength condensed under Chen Xiang’s feet, the power of the tenth layer of Devil-suppressing power shot out, ten thunderclaps that shook the world resounded, Liao Shaoyun’s entire body was immediately burnt to ashes by the flames inside the Devil Subduing Method.

"I’m angry."

The muscles on Wang Shengren’s face twitched, since the moment he was determined to be the God Child, he had never been provoked like this. The fists that he tightly clenched, released a faint gold light aura, and the golden robe on his back fluttered, the moment that aura appeared, the sky and earth changed color, the wind and clouds surged, and the earth trembled.

"Devil-suppressing fist!" When Wang Shengren’s golden fist was unleashed, the spatial tower had collapsed. The golden light on top of the fist was released, as though countless demons were struggling and roaring, and surged towards Chen Xiang.

"Devil Subduing Method!" Chen Xiang’s entire body was releasing a kind of crystal clear energy, which was as clear as water. The white Dragon Power on his fist merged with the transparent energy, it looked as though the Dragon Power was covered with a pure liquid.

Seeing that transparent energy, Wang Shengren was shocked, and Chen Xiang’s fist had already collided with his fist.

Everyone hurriedly prepared to defend against the shockwave, but nothing happened. It was beyond their expectations, and it did not make sense.

"You ... "You ..." Wang Shengren trembled, the muscles on his face twitched, showing that he was extremely angry.

He saw the arm he had punched just now suddenly droop, as if it had no bones and had suddenly become soft.

Bone-melting magic palm!

Chen Xiang used this devil art once again, and melted away the bones in Wang Shengren’s arm!