Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Wang Shengren was truly worthy of his title as the God Child. Being valued highly by the Heaven Realm, Chen Xiang already had a surge of power rampaging through his body. If not for him relying on the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu to deal with the berserk power that was entering his body, he would have exploded on the spot.

"This sort of insignificant skill cannot scare me." Wang Shengren waved his other hand, and was about to attack Chen Xiang, but at this time, a few elders suddenly appeared. They stood behind Wang Shengren, and were extremely aggressive, with just one look at their clothes, it was obvious that they were Devil-subduing College’s elders.

Chen Xiang’s old friend Zuo Zhenxuan also felt that he did not have much power in the Devil-subduing College, but because he was strong, he could intimidate these elders.

Not long after, Chen Xiang saw his familiar face. Man Futian, the new Principal had also come, he tried his best to distance himself from Chen Xiang, because he knew that Chen Xiang was not someone to be trifled with.

The people standing behind Wang Shengren, were all experts that had endured the seventh and eighth tribulations of the Nirvana Stage, but Chen Xiang was not afraid at all. Although his strength was far from theirs, these people did not dare to rashly act against Chen Xiang, because it was a matter of the younger generation.

"What is it? You need help now? " Chen Xiang sneered.

The spectators ran as far as they could as soon as they saw the old man from Devil-subduing College. If these old fellows from the Nirvana Stage were to fight, the consequences would be unimaginable.

The crowd found it hard to understand why Chen Xiang, who was not even at Nirvana Stage, would have such confidence when facing this group of old fellows. Any one of these old fellows could kill him with a wave of their hand.

"Chen Xiang, you need to know that this city is protected by our Devil-subduing College. Not only did you destroy the Shao Yun Martial Club here, you even killed the elite student of our Devil-subduing College. One of the clan elders pointed at Chen Xiang and bellowed.

"It’s not like you guys don’t know the grudge between me and Liao Shaoyun. I came to find him for revenge, it’s normal for something like this to happen. This city received your protection, but why would my friend be injured by Liao Shaoyun here and have one of his arms destroyed?

Chen Xiang looked coldly at the old man, and said loudly: "Moreover, this is the territory of our Mortal Martial Realm, and your Devil-subduing College is only from the outside. And just now, someone said that this God Child used his strength to do many shady things." DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Don’t slander me!" Wang Shengren immediately shouted.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "I have just learned a mysterious technique called the Heart Demon Oath, which is similar to a blood contract. As long as you swear an oath with your heart, saying that you have never done those shameful things and did not find the heart demon oath and died back at you, then you will be spitting blood on me."

"Do you dare to come?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Nonsense, I am an honest man, I have never done anything before, there is no need for these evil arts to prove that." Wang Shengren did not admit it even if he died, this was also within Chen Xiang’s expectations.

Chen Xiang looked at the expressions of the few clan elders. He could feel that these elders did not know of the shameful things that Wang Shengren did, but when Wang Shengren had made the mental vow, these elders had a strange expression on their faces.

Wang Shengren had also realized this, then he had never heard of Inner Demon Oath in the Heaven Realm, he had suspected that Chen Xiang had deliberately made it up to scare him, but he was worried that it was real. When he swore the Heart Demon Oath, he might even die because of it.

"You keep slandering me again and again, I definitely won’t let you off today!" Wang Shengren was suddenly enraged, her handsome face was filled with anger, her entire body releasing a burst of oppressive aura, looking somewhat like a god of death.

Chen Xiang clenched his fist, he was already prepared to fight, and Wang Shengren had also realized that he could not use one arm, so his strength would definitely be greatly reduced. Furthermore, the Anti-Demon Martial Arts Tournament was about to begin soon, and at that time, he would need to display his skills in the tournament to make himself famous, make himself famous, and then use the resources held by the Devil-subduing College, to become the person with the greatest authority in the mortal kungfu realm.

Originally, Wang Shengren wanted to become famous after defeating Chen Xiang, but the way he saw it now, Chen Xiang’s strength had far surpassed his expectations. In order for him to obtain the first place in the Martial Arts Tournament, he definitely could not let Chen Xiang participate in it, and the best way would be to kill Chen Xiang.

"Four Great Elders, seize Chen Xiang!" Wang Shengren shouted coldly, his eyes filled with pride.

Chen Xiang couldn’t help but sigh in disappointment. This God Child had truly disappointed him, to actually do such a thing that showed off his weakness and lowered his own worth.

Just as the four elders were about to make a move, a burst of loud laughter came from afar: "The God Child is only mediocre. How can he submit to others?"

After that, an extraordinarily handsome youth flew over from afar. When Chen Xiang heard the voice, he immediately knew that it was Gu Dongchen, who had already sensed that Gu Dongchen was nearby, thus Chen Xiang was fearless.

The moment Gu Dongchen appeared, he patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders and laughed: "Good job, Junior Martial Uncle. I haven’t seen you for more than a month, but you can actually get your hands on a Relive Dan. How much of this do you have left?"

Hearing Gu Dongchen’s question, Wang Shengren’s face turned extremely ugly, because his head was now at the tip of the Relive Dan, and it was causing many Rankers to be restless. They often wandered around Devil-subduing College, making him feel threatened like never before.

Thinking about how so many people had come for the sake of just one Relive Dan and want his, a God Child’s, head, Wang Shengren’s heart was filled with rage. His head was actually only worth one Relive Dan.

But he had to admit, the Relive Dan here had indeed made many strong warriors take action. If Chen Xiang had more pills, he would definitely be in danger.

Chen Xiang laughed: "There aren’t many, but it’s enough to buy the heads of four people." When he spoke, he looked towards the four elders.

Relive Dan s were the divine medicine used to cultivate Nirvana Doom, so the amount of herbs needed to be refined was very low in the Mortal Martial Realm, and even with the herbs, there would have to be someone capable of refining them. Alchemist s who knew how to refine Relive Dan were not many in the Mortal Martial Realm, but the most famous were the Dan Fragrance Pure Land’s Hua Xiangyue and the Super Martial School’s Elder Dan.

However, these two Alchemist s seemed to have a very good relationship with Chen Xiang. Otherwise, it would be impossible for Chen Xiang to squander so many Relive Dan in his hands.

"Let’s go, Super Martial School. Don’t forget yourselves, there will be a day when you will be trampled by us." Now, he was not afraid of exposing his ambition.

As long as it was a powerhouse above Mortal Martial Realm, they would be able to guess the purpose of Devil-subduing College and Fire Divine Palace coming to Mortal Martial Realm.