Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Gu Dongchen brought Chen Xiang to another city. Yun Xiaodao and the others were also there, and when they saw that Chen Xiang had returned, they heaved a sigh of relief.

At that time, not only would the warriors spar with each other, they would also gather together to discuss the memories of how they would resist the demons. That was why Gu Dongchen was here.

Inside the residence rented by Gu Dongchen, Chen Xiang and the others were sitting in a hall, talking about what had happened today.

"Leader, what kind of shameful things did Wang Shengren do? How many years has he been capturing? " Yun Xiaodao asked, "And they all came from remote continents."

Chen Xiang said: "Furthermore, he was hiding it from the rest of the old guys in the Devil-subduing College. Seems like he has captured quite a few of them and specifically made Liao Shaoyun and the others do things for him.

Gu Dongchen’s face sank as he said: "There are also hundreds of youths mysteriously disappearing in the Super Martial City, and the majority of them are still in remote mountains. If we find out that it was Wang Shengren who did it, we won’t spare him."

"This fellow’s ambition is really great, he actually wants to unify Mortal Martial Realm. Right now, even Fire Divine Palace thinks that it won’t be that easy." Xv Weilong laughed coldly, "It seems like Fire Divine Palace’s Hall Master has changed. I wonder what will happen next."

Gu Dongchen said: "The three of you, go back to Super Martial School. If one of you participates in smashing that Shao Yun Martial Club, Devil-subduing College will definitely not let you off.

Xiao Chou stuck out his tongue. He really wanted to see how his master defeated Wang Shengren, but they could not not disobey Gu Dongchen.

In order to ensure their safety, Gu Dongchen sent them into the Transmission array.

In the morning, when Gu Dongchen came out of his room in a hurry with his disguise, he asked: "Where are you going? It’s best that you be a bit more careful. You have already completely offended the Devil-subduing College, even though they don’t dare to openly cause trouble for you, for fear that they might have secretly attacked you. "

Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "I must attend the Demon Subduing Tournament. I wonder if this Wang Shengren will stop me from registering."

"Young senior uncle, that whatever White dragon blood Dan is useless to you right? Is there a need to take such a risk? " Gu Dongchen sighed and asked.

"What a great use! You’ll know in the future. I’m leaving." Chen Xiang left from the back door, and after confirming that no one was following them, he walked towards the Devil-subduing College.

was very familiar with this Devil-subduing College. He stood on the high wall outside and looked at a very tall stone tower. After a while, he left and went to a nearby hotel, as if he was waiting for someone.

Just now, Chen Xiang was outside the Devil-subduing College sending a message to Zuo Zhenxuan, who replied him, asking him to wait here.

Although he was the Principal of Devil-subduing College, Chen Xiang still trusted him a lot. Chen Xiang could be said to be Zuo Zhenxuan’s benefactor, so of course Zuo Zhenxuan would not sell Chen Xiang out.

"Kid, the trouble you’re causing this time is really big, Wang Shengren has already sent the news to Heaven Realm, I think it won’t be long before Heaven Realm sends more people over." Zuo Zhenxuan’s face was extremely serious and worried, "Heaven Realm’s Devil-suppressing Divine Palace is very powerful and they value the divine child a lot, so they did not hesitate to use up a lot of resources to open that large scale Transmission array and transfer their people over."

The people who were sent down were obviously from the Nirvana Stage, and there were a lot of them there. Chen Xiang finally understood why Zuo Zhenxuan was so worried.

"Elder Zuo, is that Wang Shengren not allowing me to register to participate in the Demon Subduing Martial Arts Competition?" Chen Xiang asked.

Zuo Zhenxuan nodded: "That’s for sure, his strength is already a threat to him, he definitely cannot be defeated by you at that time."

Chen Xiang sneered, then lowered his voice: "Help me send a message to him. If he registers for me, and obtains first place in the Devil Slayer Martial Arts Competitions, I will tell him about the matters concerning the Sacred Dan Realm."

Hearing the two words "Sacred Dan Realm", Zuo Zhenxuan trembled because the higher ups of the Devil-subduing College knew that the God Children were currently looking for a way to go to the Sacred Dan Realm.

"That day, I won against Fan Yakun, who came from the Sacred Dan Realm, and moreover, became friends with Fan Yakun. Tell him all this, and he definitely needs me to sign up for the competition. Hehe." Chen Xiang said with complete confidence: "Only I know where Fan Yakun is, and he also knows how to return to Sacred Dan Realm. If Wang Shengren doesn’t want to miss this chance, he knows what he should do."

Back then, Zuo Zhenxuan was the one who told Chen Xiang that he was looking for the Devil-suppressing blood, and the Devil-suppressing blood was right inside the Sacred Dan Realm. If Wang Shengren knew about this, he would definitely agree to Chen Xiang’s conditions, because it would allow him to inherit the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable’s bloodline.

But now, no matter how Wang Shengren searched, he could never find the Devil-suppressing blood, because it had already been obtained by Chen Xiang.

"Alright, I’ll help you pass the message to him. When you register, try to find me when it’s almost time to end." Zuo Zhenxuan said.

After Chen Xiang and Zuo Zhenxuan left the hotel, each of them left. Chen Xiang, on the other hand, stepped into a forest and used a spatial gate to teleport him to the Chen Martial Continent.

"I wonder if Elder Sister Meng’er and the rest have obtained anything from their cultivation?" Chen Xiang was now in the forest outside of Fragrance City. A month ago, he gave Liu Meng’er and Hua Xiangyue some bewitchment, and most of it were bewitching skills used in Devil-subduing College.

Chen Xiang walked over and asked: "Little Naughty Dragon, is it very difficult to obtain White dragon blood Dan?"

"Of course, there aren’t many White Dragons. It is said that if you consume too many Dragon Bloodlines, you will be able to obtain the Dragon Bloodline. To that God’s Rod, it is also a very precious item." Long Xueyi said.

After Chen Xiang entered the Dan Fragrance Pure Land, he did not find Liu Meng’er and the others because they were not here.

"Young Master Shen, are you looking for the Leader as well?" Mrs Li saw a disappointed look on his face as he was strolling around Dan Fragrance Pure Land. He sighed and said, "Sigh, Leader has not come back yet. I was looking for him too."

Chen Xiang was already very familiar with Mrs Li, so he asked: "What important matter do you need to find her for?" FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Mrs Li nodded his head: "Over ten days ago, a group of people suddenly came to Dan Fragrance Pagoda, it seems like they are here to intentionally cause trouble, but they did it in an excessive manner, they were just mocking us for not having some better pills, or the Alchemist, and the pills they buy are mostly fire type, so they are extremely rare. We can sell some to them, but we need to keep some for ourselves."

"Who are these people?" I might be able to help you deal with it and take me to meet them. " Chen Xiang was suddenly very curious.