Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Originally, Chen Xiang had planned to continue the trade with this group of people because he had obtained the Leihun fruit with a Fire Dragon Blood Lotus Seed and tasted the sweetness. However, after Tie Ming received the Blood Lotus Seed, he hurriedly left, making Chen Xiang feel that it was a great pity.

Before Tie Ming left, he said that he would return, but he did not know when.

Liu Meng’er and Hua Xiangyue both had to prepare to cross Nirvana Doom, so it was normal for them to not be able to be found. Chen Xiang just felt that it was a little disappointing not to see these two beauties.

------ Continent of the King, Devil-subduing College!

Chen Xiang stood outside the wall and used his consciousness to communicate with Zuo Zhenxuan who was inside. As he expected, the God Child was extremely concerned about the Devil-suppressing blood inside the Sacred Dan Realm.

"Chen Xiang?"

Just as Chen Xiang arrived at the place where the Devil-subduing College was registering at, he heard a sweet voice come from behind him. He turned his head to look, and saw a sweet girl wearing a blue dress standing there, looking at him mischievously. It was the Blue Blood Race’s Lan Lan.

"Hehe ..." "Right now, you’re like a street rat, scared to death. You have to dress up like this even if you want to announce your name." Lan Lan laughed as she skipped to the front of Chen Xiang and made a face at him, "This time I definitely have to beat you, just you wait."

Although she looked like a cute little beauty, she was actually hundreds of years old. Aside from her attractive face and the big rabbit on her chest, many male animals couldn’t help but stare at her.

"Little girl, you won’t be able to beat me in this life. If you’re on the bed, you might have a chance." Long Xueyi imitated Chen Xiang’s voice, and laughed in an extremely evil tone.

After Lan Lan heard it, her body trembled and she suddenly turned her head. She did not get angry, but her face was puffed up and she scolded: "Scoundrel, you deserve to be wanted."

Seeing Lan Lan twisting her butt and going to register, Chen Xiang scolded Long Xueyi in a low voice: "Little Naughty Dragon, you’re jealous of Lan Lan, even though her chest is not as big as yours."

Long Xueyi scoffed, "No matter how big her chest is, I won’t let you touch her, but can I?"

"Really?" Long Xueyi’s beautiful chest suddenly appeared in his mind.

"You wish." Long Xueyi chuckled: "If you want to touch me, you have to beat me no matter what."

Chen Xiang curled his lips and also walked into the residence. Although the registration was about to close, there were still many people who came.

After entering, Chen Xiang found another familiar lady, but the lady did not recognize him.

"Little Cat Demon’s body is getting better and better!" Long Xueyi imitated Chen Xiang’s voice and shouted loudly. His tone was extremely light and light, sounding just like those hooligans who would take liberties with women on the streets.

There were many people in the house, but after hearing the voice, they all anxiously turned their heads to look at Chen Xiang, who was now a middle-aged uncle, and all of them revealed looks of disdain towards him.

Chen Xiang was extremely innocent, because he didn’t say anything. Long Xueyi had only teased him on purpose, but anything he said now was of no use.

"Who are you?"

A tall girl wearing a red dress with a charming appearance came in front of Chen Xiang. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"This bad guy is Chen Xiang. His head is very precious, everyone hurry up and attack." Lan Lan laughed.

Chen Xiang was an existence who was like a fiend right now, although there were people who wanted to take his head, they were not many, and many of them kept their distance.

"Miss Yan, long time no see. I didn’t expect your strength to improve so quickly." Chen Xiang laughed.

This woman was the Beast Martial School’s number one beauty. Yan Yanran had been beaten up by Chen Xiang ruthlessly, but she was not injured much. At that time, she had left a cat like paw print on Chen Xiang’s palm, so Long Xueyi had called her Little Cat Demon.

Of course, I will always remember you as well. This is the first time you have used such a barbaric method to beat me up. " After speaking, Yan Yanran’s voice revealed a hidden bitterness, blaming Chen Xiang for not knowing how to show mercy to the fairer sex.

Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s not like we’re fighting on the bed, of course there’s no need for you to be so gentle."

Lan Lan and Yan Yanran were both girls blessed by the heavens who had been defeated by Chen Xiang, and regarding Chen Xiang’s strength, their memories were still fresh in them. Furthermore, their attacks were extremely ruthless, and even though they said that they would defeat Chen Xiang, they did not want to face Chen Xiang at all.

"You are Chen Xiang? "He really is a disreputable guy. To be able to utter such vulgar words to such a beautiful person."

Chen Xiang turned around and saw a man dressed in fiery red gorgeous clothes standing at the door. This man looked very elegant and had a very handsome appearance.

"I wonder if Miss would like to have a meal with me?" The man said.

"I don’t have time." Yan Yanran threw him an apologetic smile.

Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "He’s someone from the Fire Divine Palace, you really aren’t giving him any face, right? Of course, this kind of guy is originally shameless and specializes in robbing others’ Fire Soul, and he even says that it’s a righteous act, what face do they have left?"

The man was dressed in the Fire Divine Palace, and from the fire Qi on his body, he must be someone who possessed a Fire Soul. Chen Xiang had never heard of him before, so he guessed that the man must have come from the Heaven Realm.

"Chen Xiang, do you believe that I will take your head off right now and exchange it for some bounty?" The man was immediately enraged, he took off his robe, and from the looks of it, he was planning to fight Chen Xiang to the death.

"I believe you, then what?" Chen Xiang was not one bit afraid of this guy, it was not like he had never killed anyone from the Fire Divine Palace before, and he had even killed quite a few of them, and they were all important people.

"You guys quiet down for a bit. Don’t affect the registration of others. If you continue making trouble, I’ll throw you guys out." An old man shouted coldly and released a wave of pressure.

"Chen Xiang, you are slandering our Fire Divine Palace. I, Ling Chong, am a member of the Fire Divine Palace, so I will definitely not let you off."

The man put down the harsh words and walked over to register.

Chen Xiang was looking at his back, estimating his Fire Soul, one must know that Chen Xiang had grasped the method to extract Fire Soul, in his eyes, Ling Chong was a huge fortune, just that this man called Ling Chong, did not know that he was treated like a big piece of meat.

After the registration was completed, Chen Xiang left in a hurry under the gazes of many. He silently cursed Lan Lan and Long Xueyi, the two brainless brats, and made himself the target of others.