Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Regarding the battles between the powers, Chen Xiang did not want to participate, nor was it up to him to participate. However, he could take advantage of it or plunder it while it was still hot, all he needed to do was to learn the Demon Subduing Arts, master the way to refine and refine Earth Grade Low Rank Dan, and prepare to compete with Elder Dan.

"a lad, I have already registered to participate in the Demon Subduing Martial Arts Competition. At the start, you have to watch over me. Liu Meng’er and Hua Xiangyue are both in closed door cultivation now, they won’t be able to watch over me." Chen Xiang warned repeatedly. At that time, if Gu Dongchen was here, the people from the Devil-subduing College wouldn’t dare to act recklessly, as it would allow him to display his abilities on the stage with a peace of mind.

"Junior Martial Uncle, do you really have a way to register? Are you using your own name?" Gu Dongchen asked in surprise. Chen Xiang should be hated to the bones by the God Child now, and he should be very strong too.

Chen Xiang laughed: "Of course it’s using my name. If there’s no other way, then I won’t be your Junior Master, hehe ..." I never thought that the Blue Blood Race and the Wu Family would arrive so quickly. "

After Yan Yanran and Lan Lan went back to report, those old fellows all felt that it was necessary to talk to Gu Dongchen face to face, so they rushed over as fast as they could.

There were only three days left before the Anti-Demon Martial Arts Competition started. Chen Xiang was not interested in knowing what they discussed when they formed an alliance, so he went to the secret room to cultivate.

Gu Dongchen’s house was filled with more and more old people, most of them being the heads of some small powers, and this action had attracted the attention of Fire Divine Palace and Devil-subduing College. Fire Divine Palace and Devil-subduing College were stationed atop the Continent of the King, and there were suddenly so many Nirvana Stage gathered here, how could they not know?

The first point was to let Fire Divine Palace and Devil-subduing College know that they had already started an alliance. If these Devil-subduing College and Fire Divine Palace dared to bully the small forces in their alliance, then they would definitely join forces to suppress these two foreign forces.

Lian Yingxiao had also come, but his relationship with his daughter had always been good, so once Gu Dongchen opened his mouth, Lian Yingxiao immediately agreed. Right now, only his sister and his sister didn’t express anything, it was just that the two empress of both forces were in closed door training.

Many Rankers squeezed into Gu Dongchen’s house to discuss about the great plan of the Alliance, and from time to time, a tremble would come from below, accompanied by the faint sound of a dragon’s roar, making many old fellows think that there was a imprisoned dragon below.

"Cough cough, it should be Chen Xiang who is training below. He should be cultivating the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, and the reason why the Devil Subduing Method can make things difficult for us is because he has done a great service. Everyone should know this." Gu Dongchen hurriedly explained. He never thought that Chen Xiang would cause such a commotion while cultivating. He was very curious about what kind of martial arts Chen Xiang was cultivating.

Lian Yingxiao nodded and said, "I had long heard that not long after he entered the Devil-subduing College, he had learnt the tenth floor of the Devil Subduing Method. Being able to obtain this simplified version of the Devil Subduing Method now is equivalent to slashing the Devil-subduing College in the face."

"Hehe, this simple training version of the Devil Subduing Method was written by that crazy old man." Gu Dongchen laughed, causing the bodies of many old fellows to tremble. Although Huang Jintian had been imprisoned in the forbidden grounds for many years, the shadow he had left on the experts had always been there.

The simplified version of the Devil Subduing Method had already been made available to each of the Alliance’s Great Leaders to copy and then teach it to their core disciples. It wouldn’t be long before Devil-subduing College would know about this news.

------ Three days passed quickly and Chen Xiang came out of the secret room. When he saw him, Gu Dongchen sighed: "Junior Master, what martial arts did you cultivate? "Make it look like there’s a dragon under the house."

Chen Xiang laughed: "This technique is called Dragon Subduing Returning Essence, I can already master it now, but if I use it now, it will consume half of my Innate Qi."

Gu Dongchen cried out in alarm: "I told you that Master used this move before, and it was indeed very powerful, but he said that he only mastered it when he was still in Nirvana Stage, I didn’t think that you would be able to master it now."

"Let’s go. Today is the first day of the Fighting Demon Martial Arts Competition. Let’s go and see what kind of powerful people are participating." Chen Xiang shrugged and said.

Just like this, Chen Xiang brought Gu Dongchen and walked towards the Devil-subduing College. Furthermore, Chen Xiang didn’t need to disguise himself anymore, because Gu Dongchen was right behind him. As long as they weren’t stupid enough to pinch the door, they wouldn’t be stupid enough to go and get Chen Xiang’s head in front of Super Martial School.

Chen Xiang could guess that the stronger participants of the Demon Subduing Martial Arts Tournament should be those from the Devil-subduing College s or those from the Fire Divine Palace s. After all, they possessed extremely rich resources and went to the Vein Martial Cultivators s from the other continents.

After arriving at the Devil-subduing College, Chen Xiang understood the process of the martial arts competition. From the very beginning, the preliminaries were divided into four groups by drawing lots, and then, through the elimination stage, each group would decide on the strongest person, and then enter the final round.

"It looks like I have to play a lot of matches, and it’s even going on day and night. If I meet a strong guy in the group competition, it’ll definitely be very difficult." Chen Xiang muttered as he looked at the rules.

"Junior Martial Uncle, the feeling of being together with you isn’t good at all. Other people view us as a scourge and view us from afar." Gu Dongchen said in a low voice.

Chen Xiang looked around, and laughed: "a lad, you are the Leader, they are afraid of you."

The aura emitted from Gu Dongchen’s body indeed made many people feel an inexplicable pressure and fear.

There were four Contest Ring s in Devil-subduing College. In order to make the competition more relaxed, Chen Xiang had to leave this place, which made it much easier for many people.

After drawing lots, Chen Xiang was assigned to the third group. What gave him a headache was that he was actually in the same group as Lan Lan.

She was currently together with Yan Yanran. That cute little face was squeezed into a bitter melon as she pouted her lips and looked at Chen Xiang with an incomparably resentful gaze. Even though she wanted to compete with Chen Xiang again, it was within the group stages.

"Alas, poor child, I’m sorry." Chen Xiang shook his head and sighed, then walked over.

There were many people in the crowd who were complaining, especially those who were in the same group as Chen Xiang. They all felt a lot of pressure, but there were only four groups.

"What a coincidence, Tie Ming from Fire Divine Palace is in the fourth group, so the group will definitely be much easier to handle. It seems like the second group does not have any famous experts either." Chen Xiang walked towards Lan Lan as he obtained some information from the crowd.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com