Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing Chen Xiang coming over, Lan Lan snorted a little angrily.

"Don’t be complacent, I won’t be beaten up by you again." Lan Lan raised her fist and shouted.

The competition quickly started. The four Contest Ring s started to get excited and many people were watching from below. Those who dared to register were all people with good foundations, and with this, many people were able to broaden their horizons.

Once they failed, they would be eliminated. Thus, everyone was using their full strength. Only by winning could they reach the end.

Every round would have many matches, and every round would have half the participants eliminated. After each round was over, there would be lots drawn to determine one’s opponent.

Very quickly, the first round had ended. Chen Xiang had easily defeated the person who was competing with him, but he had not met Lan Lan yet.

During the second round of lot drawing, Lan Lan came to Chen Xiang’s side with a depressed face.

"Scoundrel, I’m in trouble." Lan Lan said worriedly.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang and Lan Lan could be considered friends. The last time they were at Martial Contest of the King, they had a very good cooperation.

"I’m soon going to compete with someone called Mo Huan, this guy called Mo Huan is extremely ruthless. You saw it just now, it was that guy who cut other people’s hands and feet into pieces the moment he attacks." Lan Lan glanced at a black clothed man in the distance.

This man’s face was ashen, and he looked very gloomy. His dead grey eyes had no light, making him seem very frightening. This man exuded an evil aura, and seemed to be not to be trifled with.

Just now, when he made his move, he released a terrifying aura that turned into countless blades, slicing a person’s limbs into pieces.

"The martial arts this guy cultivates are definitely some extremely vicious demonic arts. I am still unable to see through them, but they are indeed very strong. You shouldn’t force yourself." Chen Xiang looked at the black clothed man.

Lan Lan shook his head: "Yanran did not cower in the battle with Wang Shengren, so it is even more impossible for me to cower."

"What?" She and Wang Shengren? " Chen Xiang was shocked, he looked at the list of public signs, and indeed saw the names of Yan Yanran and Wang Shengren connected together.

"You guys are really unlucky." Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "Don’t worry, as long as you don’t die, and your limbs are chopped off, I will have ways to help you recover."

Lan Lan revealed a sweet smile: "I knew Big Brother Chen Xiang was very strong. If I lose to that Mo Huan brat, you have to avenge me."

"Don’t worry, my goal is first. I will take revenge for you." Chen Xiang said casually: "You young and pretentious old granny, you must not die, otherwise you won’t see me taking revenge for you."

"Tsk, don’t look down on others." Lan Lan rolled his eyes at Chen Xiang, then walked towards the Contest Ring.

This was the first time Chen Xiang had seen someone with this surname. He searched the crowd, and very quickly found someone who looked similar to Mo Huan, who was also dressed in black, with a face and eyes that were deathly grey like a dead person. However, his entire body emitted a biting cold and powerful demonic aura, causing the beauty to dare to approach him.

"People of the Demon World, why are they here?" Bai Youyou said in a deep voice, "Among the five surnames in the Demon World, the devil is ranked first. If there is only one here, it might be a coincidence.

Why would someone from the demon realm appear here? And he was very strong! Chen Xiang could not help but worry for Lan Lan.

"Little Naughty Dragon, watch this little girl carefully later. Try your best to not let her be cut into pieces." Chen Xiang warned as he approached the Contest Ring. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Lan Lan and Mo Huan had already gone up on stage. Mo Huan’s eyes suddenly turned black, looking extremely evil.

"The Sword Handle Demon Claw is a pretty good devil art in the Demon World. Devil Cultivator with the surname of Demon have very high statuses, how did they manage to get here? Do they have a way to open up a passage? " Bai Youyou was extremely suspicious.

"Begin!"

When the competition had begun, everyone had been watching with bated breath, because most of the techniques that Mo Huan used just now were seen with their own eyes, and now, Mo Huan’s opponent was a beautiful young lady. They wanted to see, would Lan Lan also be torn to shreds by the terrifying Supreme Force.

After Mo Huan’s claws started to dance in the air, they released waves after waves of white Supreme Force that was visible to the naked eye, attacking Lan Lan’s legs and arms.

Lan Lan was extremely fast, in that moment of life and death, she had dodged and suddenly disappeared, this was an ability that Lan Lan’s martial spirit bestowed to her, able to make her body invisible and not release any Qi, but able to halve her defensive and offensive abilities.

At that time, Chen Xiang could only identify her position after seeing her heart. Otherwise, he would have been abused badly by her.

Even now, when Chen Xiang used his powerful divine sense, he still could not sense Lan Lan’s position, and Long Xueyi did the same.

"I saw it. This girl really made me worry for nothing." Using the Heart Piercing Demon Eye, Chen Xiang saw that Lan Lan’s beating heart was approaching Mo Huan.

BOOM!

A blue light exploded out, and the invisible Lan Lan fiercely punched Mo Huan in the dantian, using the Innate Qi. After hitting the dantian, he immediately went behind Mo Huan and viciously punched the back of Mo Huan’s head, releasing another wave of blue light that caused Mo Huan’s eyes to shine with stars.

When Lan Lan played Yin, his scalp would go numb.

"Boring!" Mo Huan bellowed, a burst of black Qi appeared beneath his feet, the black Qi formed a vortex, suddenly becoming very large, it started to spin frantically, and Chen Xiang saw that the hidden Lan Lan was actually being sucked in quickly.

"Demonic Domain. This is the name given to you by the demonic techniques that I passed down to you. However, cultivating this kind of demonic technique requires you to take an extreme route. Once he releases this domain, everything within the domain will be absorbed by him, and he will also be able to sense it." Bai Youyou said.

Just as Bai Youyou had said, Mo Huan had sensed Lan Lan’s presence. Using the Sword Qi Demon Claw, he frantically waved it around, releasing sword like claw auras that slashed, stabbed, and cut towards Lan Lan.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Lan Lan cried out, her body flickered with a blue light, revealing her body, and was knocked flying by the countless amount of Supreme Force, blood flowing from her mouth as she fell into the Contest Ring.

Chen Xiang hurried over, Lan Lan’s face was pale white, and only suffered from internal injuries, it was not serious at all.

Chen Xiang was not stingy with his pills, and gave Lan Lan a better recovery pill.

"Chen Xiang, when there’s a chance, I will search through Mo Huan’s memories later to see what purpose they have coming here, and how exactly they came here." Bai Youyou said.