Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Lan Lan stood up and patted off the dust on her body. Although she did not receive any serious injuries, she was still unhappy, but she could not say anything.

It was at this moment that an angry voice sounded out from the group of Contest Ring. "Bitch, you actually dare to ruin my appearance!"

Chen Xiang and Lan Lan anxiously looked over, because it was Wang Shengren’s voice, only to see four additional scratches on Wang Shengren’s white face, one look was enough to tell that it was caused by Yan Yanran’s Cat’s Claw Art. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The clothes on Yan Yanran’s body became a little tattered, and there was blood at the corner of her mouth. She had a very unique kind of flexibility that allowed her to resist even if she were to face an extremely violent attack.

Chen Xiang and Lan Lan anxiously walked over, Yan Yanran’s fight with Wang Shengren, had also attracted many people’s attention, especially the female students below, they kept scolding Yan Yanran, because Yan Yanran’s attacks were extremely sharp and nimble, his body had a very strong defensive ability, he was actually able to resist the God Child who was blown up in the sky for a long time.

"Frowning that pretty boy and beating him up into a big flowery cat, he is just a swindler. What dogshit god, he is simply a self-righteous idiot. And here I thought that no matter how strong he is, it’s still someone else who has ruined my reputation." someone suddenly shouted.

Everyone immediately looked towards Chen Xiang, because only a fellow like Chen Xiang, who didn’t care about his life, would dare to go against Wang Shengren. This made many students from the Devil-subduing College glared at Chen Xiang, especially those girls, who looked at him and scolded him incessantly.

However, Chen Xiang felt that it was unfair, because that wasn’t what he had said. Now that he had provoked Wang Shengren and made him angry, Yan Yanran was the one who was out of luck.

The last time Chen Xiang melted a bone in one of his arms, he was able to recover so quickly.

"Blasphemous! You are courting death!" A man came in front of Chen Xiang and was about to attack.

Lan Lan suddenly asked: "How did you know he was the God Child? Does he have any proof that he is the Son of God? "

This question rendered many of the supporters of Wang Shengren speechless. Other people believed that Wang Shengren was the God Child because he held a very high status within the Devil-subduing College, and they also believed that he was able to command a few elders.

Wang Shengren also claimed that he was the God Child, and the elders of the Devil-subduing College also said the same, but this did not mean that Wang Shengren was the God Child.

At least my big brother Chen Xiang wouldn’t be so weak. Does that mean my big brother Chen Xiang is also a Divine Son? What kind of a good Fiendgod Body Refining Art was this? My big brother Chen Xiang can still learn the Devil Subduing Method s to the tenth floor, is your God Child okay? " Lan Lan held onto Chen Xiang’s arm, as he ridiculed.

At this time, Tie Ming from the Fire Divine Palace chuckled, "All these so-called God Children are just bragging."

"Tie Ming, you ..." Wang Shengren was furious, but he endured it and stared angrily at Yan Yanran: "You dare to hurt me, I’ll definitely make you pay the price."

Ever since Chen Xiang appeared, Wang Shengren suffered setbacks everywhere, causing his originally aloof and aloof attitude, as a king, to completely disappear.

Those people who supported Wang Shengren didn’t say anything. Looking at Contest Ring, they hoped that Wang Shengren could use a powerful martial arts to defeat him.

The golden Innate Qi was like a flame that coiled around his body, condensing an incomparably terrifying energy. This made Chen Xiang a bit worried, if this angered Wang Shengren, it would undoubtedly harm him.

"Devil-suppressing fist!" Chen Xiang was startled, this kind of fist technique was very powerful, he had exchanged a punch with Wang Shengren last time.

"You have nowhere to run." Wang Shengren bellowed, she punched the air, a burst of gold Qi turned into a gold light that flew out, condensing into a fist that Yan Yanran immediately dodged, and at the same time, the golden fist brushed by her body, suddenly turning a corner and ruthlessly smashing onto Yan Yanran’s body.

Yan Yanran shouted out, her entire body ignited with a gold flame, spitting out a mouthful of blood, but upon contact with her blood, it instantly ignited with a gold flame.

Chen Xiang flew up and caught Yan Yanran who had fallen out of the Contest Ring, and immediately absorbed the flames on her body. Wang Shengren was shocked because he knew that the golden flames were extremely difficult to deal with and would not be easily dealt with.

"She’s dead for sure. This is what happens when she fights against me." Wang Shengren said coldly.

Chen Xiang coldly stared at him, and said: "You are not worthy of being that so-called ’God Child’, I will prove it!"

He took out a pill, and the dense smell of the pill immediately made everyone relaxed and happy. An elder in charge of watching the competition shouted: "Relive Dan!"

Chen Xiang placed the Relive Dan into Yan Yanran’s mouth for her to swallow, and her soft face quickly recovered some color.

Now, everyone knew that Chen Xiang possessed a Relive Dan, and it was also not a small number of things, to actually be able to casually feed it to a woman. Anyone who was familiar with Chen Xiang knew that there was a feud between Chen Xiang and the Beast Martial School, but to actually use such an expensive Relive Dan to save a Beast Martial School’s woman, was incomprehensible.

Looking at the Relive Dan, Wang Shengren trembled in anger. If this was the Heaven Realm, he would definitely not be offered such a high reward, and it was because Chen Xiang had used the Relive Dan to place a bounty on his head, which caused him to not dare to leave the Devil-subduing College, as there were many other old people who were in urgent need of the Relive Dan who were after him.

Chen Xiang also didn’t know why the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace would allow Wang Shengren to do as he pleased, to grasp such a great power, could it be that Wang Shengren was really the God Child? Would he really be able to take over the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace in the future? to inherit the legacy of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable?

After Yan Yanran ate the Relive Dan, he quickly recovered. This pill had the effect of resurrecting the dead, and many people had personally seen it today, because it was usually eaten by Nirvana Stage s during their tribulation.

Along the way, Chen Xiang did not meet any strong opponents. All the way to the eighth round, which was also the last match because there were only two people in his group: and himself.

Amongst the competitions in the Anti-Demon Martial Arts Competition, the strongest one could not exceed the peak of the Hundred refining realm, so there would be no Nirvana Stage. The experts here gradually surfaced, which was just as Chen Xiang had predicted, just that they were more powerful than the people in the Demon World.

Chen Xiang finally found an opponent with a similar strength, and it was even within the group stages. This was very interesting, and caused everyone to be excited.

On the contrary, he was slightly excited. Of course, the most important thing for him to do now was to find an opportunity to search through this Mo Huan’s memories.

If they could learn about the preparations from the demon realm, it would be a great harvest for their alliance.