Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Gu Dongchen paced back and forth in the hall with a thoughtful expression.

"Doesn’t Devil-subduing College have a very powerful demonic fighting technique? But now, you have actually teamed up with the people of the Demon World, who are also willing to do so. Could it be that they plan to divide the Mortal Martial Realm up? " Gu Dongchen said.

"It’s very possible. When the time comes, because there are still the group of undeveloped Evil Demon in the Demon World, it would be very difficult for the Demon World to swallow the Mortal Martial Realm." Chen Xiang said.

"That doesn’t make sense. This God Child is doing well in the Heaven Realm and this place, and he will definitely be going to the Heaven Realm in the future. What benefits does he get by colluding with the Demon World?" Gu Dongchen said.

"Seems like only Wang Shengren and the mastermind knows about this!" To figure out the conspiracy behind it, Chen Xiang had already made a plan in his mind. As long as he could catch Wang Shengren, use Soul Absorbing Devil Spell and search his memories, he would be able to figure everything out.

The Soul Absorbing Devil Spell had already been fully utilized by Chen Xiang, and could only be used in battle. Furthermore, it would not be discovered by the opponent, if discovered by him, the only thing he could do was to silence him.

"Tomorrow is the finals, if I can match up against Wang Shengren, hehe ..." At this time, Chen Xiang was extremely curious about the person behind Wang Shengren. Just what kind of scheme was this?

"You can kill people in the martial competition, Junior Martial Uncle, you can’t be thinking of killing Wang Shengren, right? You better not do such a thing, if the situation comes up, if you kill Wang Shengren, Devil-subduing College will definitely not let you go. " Gu Dongchen was extremely worried for Chen Xiang, as Chen Xiang had not yet become the Devil-subduing College’s number one enemy. The stronger old fellows of the Devil-subduing College all did not take action, because if they did, Chen Xiang would not dare to appear near the Devil-subduing College.

"I know what I’m doing. See what’s going on!" Chen Xiang yawned and returned to his room.

He had gotten a lot of memories from Mo Huan previously, and they all had to do with the devil realm.

"I never thought that the Demon World would have so many worlds, and right now, I’ve already determined which two demon worlds are connected to the Mortal Martial Realm!" Chen Xiang shook his head and sighed, "The world of the devils that is connected to the mortal kungfu realm is very strong and should be around the same as the Mortal Martial Realm.

Su Meiyao said: "Don’t be so pessimistic, when the time comes, there will only be one way into the Mortal Martial Realm, the Demon and Demon Realms will have to come through this way, and the Mortal Martial Realm just need to gather their forces and defend that place. If they can’t, the Mortal Martial Realm will definitely be annihilated."

Before the sky brightened, Chen Xiang had already arrived at the competition grounds inside the Devil-subduing College, but there were many people who had arrived early enough to occupy a good seat and watch.

The majority of the spectators were all students of the Devil-subduing College or disciples of some large sects. Others were not allowed to enter.

"Good morning, Big Brother Chen Xiang!" Lan Lan saw Chen Xiang leaning on a pillar alone, shouted from afar, held Yan Yanran’s hand and ran over.

"Sister Lan, you have to keep your chest steady when you run in the future. Look ..." Chen Xiang swept his eyes across his surroundings. When Lan Lan ran over just now, his chest was surging with energy and attracted the attention of many people.

"Scoundrel, he greeted you with good intentions, yet you’re still so bad." Lan Lan blushed slightly as she mumbled to herself.

Chen Xiang patted her head and smiled: "Have you recovered fully from yesterday’s injuries? It’s a pity that you didn’t see Mo Huan being beaten up by me! "

With that, he looked at Yan Yanran who had a gentle and charming smile.

"Chen Xiang, you aren’t regretting eating that Relive Dan for me right? If you want to come back, I really don’t know how to return it. " Yan Yanran laughed.

Chen Xiang laughed: "Don’t worry, I won’t let you repay me with your body."

"I don’t believe you! Big Brother Scoundrel, you must be thinking the same thing!" Lan Lan muttered.

"Is there anything wrong with your body now?" Chen Xiang asked seriously, he was not joking.

"En, I’m fully recovered. I never thought that I would be able to eat this Relive Dan in my lifetime. Not only will it help me heal my injuries, it will also bring me great benefits from cultivation. Thank you!" Yan Yanran said sincerely.

"It’s good that you’re fine. In the future, don’t try to be brave when you meet a guy like Wang Shengren. Right now, the most important thing is the Great War between Three Realms. Chen Xiang sighed.

Yan Yanran and Lan Lan both nodded.

"Oh right, I just established a sect. This is a hidden sect and I need some people to join. I think you guys are more suited. And this must be kept a secret, and not let those old guys know. " Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up as he whispered.

Without even thinking about it, Yan Yanran patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders and laughed: "No problem. It’s definitely not bad to follow a rich person like you."

Lan Lan laughed. "Big Brother Scoundrel, so that means you’re the boss now?"

"Of course. At the very least, I need to provide you with some pills. If I’m not the boss, could it be that I’m going to provide you with some?" Chen Xiang smiled and rubbed Lan Lan’s head. He really liked this naughty and cute girl, who was like a blue elf. Although she was much older than him, because she was young, and looked like a girl, Chen Xiang treated her like his little sister.

"Alright, I’ll join as well!" Lan Lan nodded in agreement.

Although they hadn’t known each other for very long, they trusted each other very much. Furthermore, the forces they were in had already allied with each other.

"Brother Scoundrel, what’s the name of your sect?" Lan Lan suddenly asked, as Yan Yanran was extremely curious about the matter.

Although Lan Lan and Yan Yanran both had their own powers, they could still join Chen Xiang’s hidden sects because they were friends with him. For example, Chen Xiang could also be considered as a part of the Dan Fragrance Pure Land.

"This... is called Dragon Subduing School. " Chen Xiang suddenly thought of one.

"So you’re saying, in the future, you’re developing to specifically kill dragons? This was a sect that was fighting against dragons! "But I like it. It’s domineering enough!" Lan Lan said somewhat excitedly. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Chen Xiang laughed: "You don’t have to kill a dragon. The majority of Dragon Subduing Martial Arts are created by a dragon, it only means that the dragon slaying power of the dragon is in the martial arts, a dragon that can live a life of prosperity! And this is also true for Dragon Subduing School. They have the power to fight against dragons.

Chen Xiang had already killed a dragon, and it was even a considerably strong Boa dragon, so of course he had the money to take this name. On the other hand, he had already subdued the noble White Dragon Girl, Long Xueyi.

"How many are there now?" Yan Yanran caressed the hair on his forehead and asked casually.

A naturally born seductive woman like Yan Yanran would always reveal a seductive attitude when she wasn’t paying attention, but Chen Xiang had stopped doing this long ago.

"We can be considered to have joined. There should be three of us." Chen Xiang scratched the back of his head and laughed awkwardly.

"What?" Lan Lan and Yan Yanran asked at the same time.

"Hehe, Dragon Subduing School is a name that I have just picked. If there are more people in the future, you can consider yourselves elders." Chen Xiang laughed.