Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Long ago, Chen Xiang had the thought of establishing a strong and flourishing sect. With the resources he had, he believed that he would be able to fulfill this wish of his in the near future.

Right now, there were not many years until the Great War between Three Realms would begin. He was also conflicted on whether he should increase his speed and train a group of elites to be used against the demons, or start after the Great War between Three Realms has passed.

Chen Xiang really hoped that he could have a fight with Wang Shengren, then he would have the chance to use the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on Wang Shengren and find out what the hell was going on between Wang Shengren and the person behind him.

After the drawing of lots ended, Chen Xiang’s opponent was actually the Fire Divine Palace’s Tie Ming. The last time Chen Xiang came to register, he and Tie Ming had already had conflicts of words, and Tie Ming himself also loathed Chen Xiang greatly, because when others mentioned him at that time, other than his looks, they would always say that he was inferior to Chen Xiang in other ways.

Wang Shengren’s opponent was Mo Dian, but what was unexpected was that after the drawing of lots ended, Mo Dian actually forfeited!

Mo Dian and Wang Shengren had known each other from the start, but Wang Shengren had forfeited when he wanted to be in a better condition to participate in the finals. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Furthermore, Wang Shengren did not want Mo Dian to display too many Devil Realm martial arts, and at the same time, he did not want Chen Xiang to see too much of his strength.

Now, Wang Shengren could truly watch the competition between Chen Xiang and the other party. The Fire Divine Palace was a power above the Heaven Realm, and Tie Ming was also from above the Heaven Realm, so Wang Shengren had long heard of Tie Ming’s name, he thought that Tie Ming’s strength was on par with his.

"Chen Xiang, your luck is bad. You actually drew me!" Tie Ming laughed coldly: "Leave Wang Shengren to me, haha ..."

Chen Xiang groaned, and thought: "You reckless fool, no matter if I use fire or water, I will be able to beat him to death."

"Chen Xiang, do what you said!" Wang Shengren walked over and asked seriously.

Chen Xiang had previously promised Wang Shengren that as long as he was allowed to sign up, and Wang Shengren got first place, he would tell him the way to get to the Sacred Dan Realm.

"You can talk about it after you get first. Also, you have to watch over me a little, don’t let me get killed!" Chen Xiang laughed and walked into the Contest Ring.

There were many array formations on the Contest Ring in the center of the competition grounds. Because it was a showdown between Hundred refining realm s, in order to prevent the energy waves that would erupt during the competition from affecting their surroundings, a array formation was necessary.

Gu Dongchen was hiding in the distance and watching, when suddenly a handsome youth appeared beside him.

"I have watched this kid’s martial arts competition many times, but I can’t get tired of it. Fire Divine Palace might be in for it." Lian Yingxiao laughed.

"If the fire attribute Innate Qi is not strong, then he will definitely die in the hands of Junior Martial Uncle. His water attribute martial arts are very strong!" Gu Dongchen also laughed.

Lian Yingxiao suddenly lowered his voice and said, "We’ve found it. Those children that were captured were brought to the tower in the middle of the Devil-subduing College, and their whereabouts were unknown. According to the information that I’ve obtained, a total of thirty thousand children were captured during these past few days, all from remote areas of the various continents. And these are just the informants I bought, and there’s something he doesn’t know. "

"What do they want these kids in their teens for? No matter what, we will never let them get away with it. Once the Alliance enters the formal stage, we will definitely take down that fellow who is scheming behind the scenes. " Gu Dongchen clenched his fists and said angrily.

"Dan Fragrance Pure Land and the two women of Divine Weapons Heavenly Country shouldn’t be crossing Nirvana Doom together, right? "When they haven’t yet reached the eighth stage of the Nirvana Tribulation, they are already very terrifying. If they have, what will happen then?" Lian Yingxiao shook his head and sighed: "It’s such a pity, what a waste of cabbages."

"Pfft, my senior uncle relied on his own abilities to make those two women fall in love with him. You must know that he definitely did not get those Relive Dan from Hua Xiangyue, because he could not find those two women even after he returned from missing for more than a month. This Relive Dan might very well have been obtained by him." When Gu Dongchen brought up this matter, he could not help but sigh: "Oh, Relive Dan, he gave this kind of thing to the girl called Yan Yanran to eat yesterday."

Lian Yingxiao drooped his head and said dejectedly: "If I had something like the Relive Dan back then, Liu Meng’er would definitely have followed me. This guy truly has some abilities."

Just as Tie Ming stepped onto the Contest Ring, the temperature of the entire competition ground suddenly rose, causing many people to be drenched in sweat, and the invisible heat was not released by Tie Ming, but by an old man who had just stepped into the competition grounds.

Chen Xiang stood on top of the Contest Ring, and he could clearly see a long bearded old man wearing a fiery red robe. His upper body that was covered with muscles was bare, and he walked over step by step, his face that was filled with scars from swords and blades, was extremely fearsome.

This old man was very tall. He stood in the crowd, taller than the others by four heads. Even the strong men in the crowd compared to this old man was like a short, thin boy.

"This old guy is very strong!" Su Meiyao said.

"Twin Fire Soul, of course it’s strong, but he also doesn’t know how to keep a low profile." Long Xueyi said in disdain.

"Han Lie, did you come to ruin everything?" Man Futian suddenly appeared. As the principal of the Devil-subduing College, since the entire competition grounds was in such a harsh situation, he had to step in.

"Are all the little imps of Mortal Realm only at this level? You should know that as long as my blazing ambition is still dancing, the Fierce Hero Flame will not extinguish, and I can’t restrain it! " The voice of the giant old man was also loud like thunder.

Chen Xiang had already guessed that this mysterious old man called Han Lie, who was sent by the upper echelons of the Heaven Realm to take over the Fire Divine Palace, was the new hall master of the Fire Divine Palace.

"This degree of heat is unbearable, is this the level of your Devil-subduing College? After the Great War between Three Realms began, the demonic qi that exploded out from the demonic path was much stronger than the steam coming from an old guy like me. When that happens, wouldn’t they be scared to the point of peeing? " When Han Lie spoke, his thunderous voice could shake the ground and cause the eardrums to ring.

Han Lie was only here to watch the competition, but he suddenly felt a bit of pressure, if he accidentally killed Tie Ming, with his personality, there might be a fierce battle happening.

Just when everyone was feeling extremely uncomfortable due to the heat, a wave of cold and refreshing feeling suddenly hit them, causing them to feel as if a field of snow had suddenly fallen on a desert that had been exposed to the sun for a long time.

Sensing the cold Qi, Chen Xiang’s entire body shivered, because this was the cold Qi released by the Icewind magic kungfu.

The only person who could cultivate the Icewind magic kungfu to such an extent was Liu Meng’er!