Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Previously, when he fought with Wang Shengren, he had seen that Devil-suppressing fist. It was indeed very strong, especially when used against demons.

Just as Liu Meng’er finished arranging her clothes, Chen Xiang took her in his arms.

Gu Dongchen gave me a copy of Devil Subduing Method. This is much easier to learn than the one you gave me, I have to go back and distribute it to the core disciples. "" Okay. Liu Meng’er leaned into Chen Xiang’s embrace, and reached her jade hands into Chen Xiang’s clothes, and pinched Chen Xiang’s chest.

"That was written by my master. Before long, the Devil-suppressing fist and the Devil-suppressing qi array will come out as well. This way, he can suppress the power of the Devil-subduing College."

Chen Xiang chuckled, and kissed Liu Meng’er affectionately for a while before letting her go.

"Looks like I have to learn the Devil-suppressing fist and the Devil-suppressing qi array as soon as possible." As Chen Xiang recalled the profound and obscure mental cultivation methods from the two doors, he couldn’t help but have a headache.

"Even if this were to spread out, I’m afraid very few people would be able to learn it. My understanding is extremely taxing." Chen Xiang shook his head and left the house, walking towards the martial arena.

This was the last battle, and it was extremely important for Chen Xiang, because he wanted to hear the plot of the Devil-subduing College from Wang Shengren. This was a very rare opportunity, and after he wins, could the White dragon blood Dan still be able to help the white-haired beauty, Leng Youlan, awaken the White Dragon Vein in her body?

To Wang Shengren, it was equally important, because not only did he have to establish his might, he also had to find out about the Sacred Dan Realm from Chen Xiang, so when the time came, they would all give it their all.

Wang Shengren had arrived earlier than Chen Xiang. If it was before, he might not have put Chen Xiang in his eyes, but he had fought with Chen Xiang before, so after seeing him fight in front of his own eyes, he had a new understanding of Chen Xiang’s strength.

"The White dragon blood Dan is on you?" Chen Xiang walked onto the Contest Ring and asked with a smile. He was more concerned about this, he was worried that Wang Shengren might die accidentally, and the White dragon blood Dan could not be obtained from his body.

"I’ve submitted all the seats to the dean." Wang Shengren coldly said. When Chen Xiang asked this, he was undoubtedly telling him that he would not hold anything back.

Wang Shengren also had scruples. "What about you? "If I accidentally kill you ..."

Chen Xiang laughed: "If I die, Fan Yakun will come find you. Don’t worry about that."

Wang Shengren had always half-believed and half-doubted Chen Xiang, but he had no choice but to trust Chen Xiang, because this was the only way he could go to the Sacred Dan Realm.

"I heard that the Sacred Dan Realm is not small, you seem to be very confident that you can find what you want once you get there!" Chen Xiang could tell that Wang Shengren seemed to be very confident.

"You don’t need to worry about that!" When the time comes, you will know whether or not I am worthy to be the Son of God. " Wang Shengren clenched his fists tightly, his voice carrying a haughty aura, his entire body releasing a unique aura, looking rather impressive.

Even if Wang Shengren could find it, he wouldn’t be able to fuse it. This was because the poison in the Devil-suppressing blood was so poisonous that even a powerful immortal like Du Hai would die from fear.

"This guy definitely has a way to find the Devil-suppressing blood. When you search through his memories, you have to be more thorough." Bai Youyou warned her.

Many Rankers also hid among them. The God Child was an extremely important figure in the Devil-subduing College, they wanted to see if Chen Xiang would be able to kill the God Child. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Han Lie did not come, he did not seem to be too concerned about the outcome of this battle, and Liu Meng’er was also in a rush to return. She was not worried at all about Chen Xiang’s strength, because she knew very well how strong he was, he would not be killed even if he lost.

Gu Dongchen was worried that the old guy from the Devil-subduing College would take care of Chen Xiang after he killed him, so he invited a group of warriors who were on good terms with him to come here as a precaution.

"Chen Xiang, if you admit defeat now, and serve me in the future, I can let go of my past hatred and gift you the White dragon blood Dan as well." Wang Shengren said, his body emitted a layer of hazy golden light, this was the Devil-suppressing qi.

And in front of Wang Shengren’s chest, an octagonal Array formed from golden silk appeared. This was the Devil-suppressing qi array that he had released, it could be used for defense.

Wang Shengren was displaying his own strength. He was telling Chen Xiang that he had already completely mastered the Demon Subduing Fist, but didn’t think that it was anything impressive at all.

As long as Chen Xiang had some time, he would be able to master the Demon Suppressing Technique much better than this Wang Shengren. After all, he had already learned the Devil-suppressing kungfu and merged with the Devil-suppressing blood.

"You want me to serve you? It’s impossible. Just give up on that thought of yours! " Chen Xiang said lightly.

"Then don’t regret it!" Wang Shengren’s body trembled, the golden light around his body became even more glaring, as though he was a god, releasing an extremely oppressive aura, making people want to kneel down and worship him.

"The finals, begin!"

Following the powerful shout of an old man, Wang Shengren threw a punch into the air. After the punch was thrown, it brought along countless of golden fist images as it flew towards Chen Xiang.

What made Chen Xiang feel threatened was that in front of these countless fist shadows, there was a huge golden Qi Formation.

Devil-suppressing fist and Devil-suppressing qi array!

Although Chen Xiang didn’t learn it, he could see it clearly. But this couldn’t scare him away.

"That’s nothing to be proud of."

Chen Xiang sneered, his fists tensed up, veins popping out, a burst of purple lightning flashed out from his fists, while dazzling purple electric snakes shot out in all directions, the terrifying Thunder power struck the array formation above the Contest Ring, making "Zi zi" sounds, and would even release purple light.

Chen Xiang possessed the Thunder soul, so his Thunder power was extremely terrifying. As the countless golden fists pushed the Devil-suppressing qi array over, the purple lightning on Chen Xiang’s fist became even more violent, as though it could pierce through the array above the Contest Ring and kill everyone present.

"Tyrant Dragon Fist!"

Chen Xiang punched out, and countless purple electric snakes gathered together on his fist, forming a dragon head that flickered with purple lightning. The Thunder power became even more berserk, and the dragon head roared, dragging along a wave of terrifying lightning that struck onto the Devil-suppressing qi array like lightning.

Chen Xiang did not use the Dragon Power, nor did he use it. He only used the Thunder power to fight with Wang Shengren, which made many people think that Chen Xiang did not use his full strength because he was mocking Wang Shengren.

Originally, Wang Shengren wanted to experience Chen Xiang’s strongest strength, but now that Chen Xiang was only using the Thunder power, he suddenly felt humiliated.

However, when that violent purple lightning dragon charged towards them with lightning speed, everyone dared to believe it!

Because the berserk Thunder power, had completely destroyed both Wang Shengren’s Devil-suppressing fist and Devil-suppressing qi array, and its aura was not reduced at all, as it angrily rushed towards Wang Shengren.