Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Wang Shengren never thought that the Thunder power Chen Xiang released at this moment would actually be so terrifying, the kind of berserk energy that was filled with destruction, was comparable to that of the Dragon Power.

His arms shook, crossing them over his chest, and a circular golden sculpture-like array formation suddenly appeared, slowly revolving. It was filled with profound Spirit grain, and this was another Devil-suppressing qi array, and it was extremely big, like a gigantic golden shield that blocked in front of Wang Shengren.

As Wang Shengren poured in a large amount of Devil-suppressing qi, the Devil-suppressing qi array released an even more intense golden light, making it look extremely sacred.

Chen Xiang was attracted by the strangeness of the Devil-suppressing qi array, he never thought that after using it, it would actually look like a real thing.

The Fury Dragon whose entire body was covered in purple lightning, crashed into the golden array shield, but Wang Shengren stood there motionlessly, showing how powerful his defense was.

The force behind Chen Xiang’s Tyrant Dragon Fist had also disappeared, and just as Wang Shengren heaved a sigh of relief, he saw the stage being enveloped by the purple light again, and purple lightning once again appearing on Chen Xiang’s fist.

And this time, it was even two fists!

"Let’s see how long you can last!" Chen Xiang laughed out loud, both fists punching out at the same time, and in an instant, two purple lightning tyrannosaurus dragons that were even larger than before, whose aura overflowed to the skies as they flew out from Chen Xiang’s fists.

The entire martial arena echoed with the roars of the two violent lightning dragons. Their roars shook everyone to the point that they were on the verge of collapse. Other than the majestic dragon roars in their ears, there was no other sound.

At this time, the Contest Ring was like a surging ocean and the reason why the ocean was surging and churning was because of these two dragons.

Right now, Wang Shengren felt that he was standing on a small boat.

The two purple lightning dragon clashed with the suddenly enlarged golden shield at the same time. This time, Wang Shengren was pushed back a little, and the power of the Devil-suppressing qi array also weakened a lot.

"It’s not over yet!" Chen Xiang waved his fists around like crazy. It was so fast that people could feel that he had dozens of arms.

The most shocking thing was that each of his punches released a purple lightning tyrannosaurus dragon with a monstrous aura!

Tyrant Dragon Fist was a very berserk martial art within the Azure Dragon Divine Technique. It could only be used when the Thunder power had reached a certain level.

Dozens of purple electric tyrannosaurus dragons shot out their fists, shooting waves of purple light that blotted the sky and covered the ground as they charged towards Wang Shengren again. This extremely violent lightning energy had already made many practitioners of Thunder power feel inferior, even the Nirvana Stage warriors were shocked.

They had guessed that Chen Xiang must have Thunder soul s, otherwise, with his current strength, it would be impossible for him to reach such a terrifying realm.

"You want me to use the Dragon Power on you? You are not worthy, I can use the Thunder power to kill you! "

Chen Xiang laughed loudly. The sleeves above his arms had already been shattered by the wild lightning that shot out crazily, but his fists were still clashing through the air continuously. Countless purple lightning tyrannosaurus dragons were attacking Wang Shengren’s golden shield unceasingly.

Wang Shengren felt extremely humiliated. Previously, when Chen Xiang was fighting with Tie Ming, Chen Xiang had used the Dragon Power, but he did not.

"Don’t be arrogant. The consequences of underestimating me are very serious." Wang Shengren suddenly roared, an extremely tall golden statue of a person suddenly appeared behind him. The face of the statue did not seem to be seen, but it made people feel as if they were looking up at a god.

"Devil-suppressing fist!"

The golden statue on Wang Shengren’s back suddenly waved its huge arm, and punched at Chen Xiang. Just as Chen Xiang wanted to dodge, the fist that was so fast that surprisingly would land on his body, in that moment, he felt as if his body was suddenly struck by countless of fists.

Even though he had Devil-suppressing Golden Body and profoundwu diamond armour, he still felt his body aching.

Seeing that Chen Xiang was beaten to the point of spitting blood, Wang Shengren laughed arrogantly: "You’re so arrogant!"

As Wang Shengren moved, the tall golden illusionary figure behind him followed him as well. Whatever Wang Shengren did, the tall golden illusionary figure would look exactly the same as what he did.

The golden simulacrum was extremely tall, about ten meters tall, like a giant. Following Wang Shengren’s attack, the golden simulacrum kept hitting Chen Xiang, the huge fists were actually formed from countless small fists.

This was the higher level Devil-suppressing fist! This made Chen Xiang extremely excited, if he also mastered it, it would be even more powerful.

"Let’s see how long you can last. Such a powerful move didn’t work on you in the beginning. You must have consumed a lot of your energy, right?" Chen Xiang wiped the blood off the corner of his mouth and laughed lightly.

"Enough to defeat you." Wang Shengren was surprised, because he did not dodge the Devil-suppressing fist formed by the golden image, but stood there with his fists clenched.

"You’re asking for trouble!"

The giant golden fist came crashing down from above like a meteor with golden flames burning in it.

Everyone suddenly shouted out, because Chen Xiang did not have any protection outside of his body, making them think that he did not have any strength to resist.

After that fist ruthlessly smashed down, Chen Xiang spat out a mouthful of blood, but his feet did not move even half a step, and his waist was still as straight as a mountain.

"Impossible!" Wang Shengren could not believe it, with a roar, the gigantic golden illusionary figure smashed down with all of his might, and with every punch, the ground would shake, many people jumping up and down from the impact.

Although Chen Xiang was beaten to the point of vomiting blood, he still unbelievably stood there, not moving half a step.

Wang Shengren gasped for breath, he had consumed a lot of energy, he did not remember how many fists he had thrown, but no matter how he punched, Chen Xiang would always be able to stand there.

Chen Xiang’s body had already reached a level above average, and he also had a Yulong blood. Even though his body was injured, his recovery speed was extremely fast, so after finding a round of fierce attacks, he was only slightly injured.

"I’ll kill you!" A golden Qilin image suddenly appeared on Wang Shengren’s body ...

"This guy is going to use his Martial Spirit. He looks very powerful, don’t let him use it. It seems like he wants to die together with us, hurry up and control him." Long Xueyi shouted.

Chen Xiang’s hands anxiously used the dense Genuine qi of five elements in his body to turn the Innate Qi into Dragon Power, and then used the energy circulation method in the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu. Pushing his palms forward, his arms trembled, and the veins on his arms suddenly swelled up, a white mist gushing out from his hands.

The white mist began to churn, forming a white dragon head that looked as if it had been carved out of platinum. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Dragon Subduing Origin Energy!" Gu Dongchen shouted in shock, and those who had sparred with Huang Jintian before all exclaimed in shock, their memories of this move were still fresh in their minds.