Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Wang Shengren wanted to release his Martial Spirit, which was one of the warrior’s strongest moves. However, as an earth-shaking dragon’s roar came out, a platinum carved white dragon flew towards Wang Shengren with its claws bared and teeth bared.

This was the move that Chen Xiang used the most of his power, the Dragon Subduing Essence. It was the stronger move from the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu.

The lifelike white dragon smashed towards Wang Shengren, and all of them entered Wang Shengren’s body. Wang Shengren, who was about to release his martial spirit, released a burst of crackling sounds, his clothes were torn to shreds, blood flowing out of his body, and he released a deep dragon’s roar.

After the strong Dragon Power poured into Wang Shengren’s body, it exploded inside his body.

Chen Xiang immediately rushed over and grabbed Wang Shengren’s neck. At the same time that he searched through Wang Shengren’s memories, another hand smashed into Wang Shengren’s body crazily, just like how he used to deal with Tie Ming.

"What is this? This guy actually has such a powerful consciousness. No wonder he can release some power that can affect one’s mind! " Chen Xiang exclaimed in his heart. When he searched through Wang Shengren’s memories, he sent out a ball of golden energy.

Through Wang Shengren’s memories, he found out that it was actually an incomplete divine soul!

"This is the Demon Suppressing God Soul, he can use this Demon Suppressing God Soul to sense the treasures left behind by the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, no wonder he has the confidence to find the Devil-suppressing blood in the Sacred Dan Realm!" Chen Xiang was extremely shocked.

"Devour his soul, and then destroy his sea of consciousness." Bai Youyou said.

"Chen Xiang, what are you doing? Why would your spirit appear in my sea of consciousness? " Chen Xiang suddenly heard Wang Shengren’s weak voice.

"Hehe, your Devil-suppressing Divine Palace is letting me off too easily." Chen Xiang replied with his divine sense.

"You ... You want to devour my soul? How did you do it, you. "Ah ..."

Chen Xiang unleashed the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell, quickly pulling over the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace in Wang Shengren’s sea of consciousness and merging it into his own soul. At the same time, he searched through Wang Shengren’s memories, searching for the thing he wanted to know. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"I found it. There really is a conspiracy. So that’s how it is!" After the broken Devil-suppressing Divine Palace obtained it, Chen Xiang ruthlessly struck a palm at Wang Shengren’s head. He muttered: "I shall just spare your life, and let you live a life worse than death.

All of the meridians in Wang Shengren’s body had been broken, and his soul’s sea of consciousness had been destroyed by Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang had obtained a lot of shocking information from Wang Shengren, and the incomplete Demon God Suppressing Soul was also slowly merging with his original divine soul. After it completely merged, his soul would become even stronger.

Wang Shengren had been kicked off Contest Ring by Chen Xiang and this almighty Son of God had now become completely crippled.

This made many of the Devil-subduing College’s students present sob endlessly. They had thought that the very powerful God Child had actually fallen like this. Previously, this God Child had bragged about how he would become a God in the future, but now ... had been completely destroyed by Chen Xiang.

A few elders from the Devil-subduing College immediately ran over to help Wang Shengren up, they looked at him angrily and were ready to attack too. Although Chen Xiang did not kill him, Wang Shengren was now in a better position than death, and the future pillar of support for the Devil-subduing College was turned into a pile of mud by Chen Xiang.

"Where’s the White dragon blood Dan?" Chen Xiang looked at Man Futian who was below the stage.

Man Futian did not really hate Chen Xiang, he had long known that Wang Shengren had concealed some heartless act from him. He threw a jade box to Chen Xiang and when Chen Xiang opened it, he saw a walnut-sized white pill lying inside with some red and white liquid flowing from it.

"It’s true!" After Long Xueyi confirmed it, Chen Xiang kept it and walked over to Gu Dongchen. His expression was extremely solemn, because he knew of the conspiracy between Wang Shengren and the person behind the scenes.

"Return to Super Martial School!" Not only did Chen Xiang not feel happy about winning, he had a serious look on his face and he knew that there was definitely a reason behind it.

Just as Gu Dongchen was bringing Chen Xiang out of the martial arena, a burst of golden clouds suddenly floated over from the sky. A voice that carried an incomparable rage was heard: "Chen Xiang, what did you do to Wang Shengren? If you had only destroyed his body, that would have been fine, but you had also wasted his sea of consciousness and crippled his soul! "

Wang Shengren’s master is called Tai Hong, he was very strong, and was originally a powerful immortal. However, he made a mistake in the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace and clashed with the higher ups of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, causing his strength to decline after being heavily injured, which is why he was able to come to the Mortal Martial Realm. Chen Xiang used his divine sense to tell Gu Dongchen.

Gu Dongchen frowned, although he believed what Chen Xiang said, he was suspicious of how Chen Xiang suddenly knew.

"Whatever I want to do, so be it. In any case, whatever happens during the competition, so it’s already benevolent of me to spare his life." Chen Xiang answered loudly, not at all afraid of this man. When he was at Sacred Dan Realm, he had already slaughtered powerful immortals and dragons.

Gu Dongchen looked at the golden cloud in the sky and sneered: "What kind of man are you afraid of, come out if you have the guts!"

The golden cloud in the sky suddenly dispersed, and the voice did not appear again.

Chen Xiang glanced at the approaching Zuo Zhenxuan, "Elder Zuo, the Devil-subduing College is no longer controlled by the people from the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace. The one behind the scenes is Tai Hong, he has been expelled by the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace.

"I got it!" Zuo Zhenxuan replied and left quickly.

Gu Dongchen also brought Chen Xiang into the Transmission array and returned to Super Martial School.

Super Martial profound Realm, Gu Dongchen’s residence, secret room.

"Junior Martial Uncle, how did you know about Tai Hong?" Gu Dongchen said.

"When I was sparring with Wang Shengren, I was forced to ask about it. Of course, he used his consciousness to send me a sound transmission!" Chen Xiang sighed, "Wang Shengren and Tai Hong both have divine souls, but those divine souls are already incomplete. They were stolen from the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace."

Soul! Gu Dongchen had obviously heard of this before, so he quickly thought of something.

"What do you mean? They captured so many youths just to extract their souls and train them in them so that their damaged souls can become complete?" Gu Dongchen said with an angry face, "I must catch this guy!"

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "That’s right, when they were transferring down, Tai Hong sneaked in, and used some of the resources that he had to buy off the elders of the Devil-subduing College. He hid inside the Devil-subduing College, controlled Man Futian, and did not let Man Futian contact the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace!"