Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

The person controlling the Devil-subduing College right now was actually someone who had become enemies with the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace. This kind of person was definitely not some good stuff, which made Gu Dongchen feel that it was very troublesome to deal with. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Then why is Tai Hong colluding with the demon realm?" Gu Dongchen asked, this was also what he was most worried about, "Did they grasp a method to bring the people from the Demon Realm over?"

"They colluded with the Demon World because they wanted to use the demon tunnel to head to the Demon World when Great War between Three Realms first started. That’s because there’s something they want there." Chen Xiang thought back to those memories. The Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable had travelled through many worlds, and had actually visited both the Demon and Demon Realms. Furthermore, he had ignored the laws of any world and used his immortal strength to travel to some ordinary worlds.

And Tai Hong knew that the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable had left some things behind in the Demon World, which was why he had planned to head towards that Demon Realm.

"Tai Hong stole a lot of powerful things from the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, such as the forbidden Transmission array of the past, which is a type of Transmission array that can be used to enter the Demon and Devil Realms, but needs a lot of energy to open it."

In order to make it easier for Tai Hong to open a passage, he used the forbidden technique of teleportation to contact the people of the Demon World. He had the Demon World set up a Transmission array there, and then teleported some people here, which required a very large amount of energy to open the Transmission array, so they could only teleport two to three people every time.

What shocked Chen Xiang the most was the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable’s divine soul. It was because both Wang Shengren and Tai Hong both had a remnant soul, according to Wang Shengren’s memories, the incomplete divine soul in the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable was always placed inside the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, and when Wang Shengren was born, the remnant soul had already broken through the layers of obstructions and merged with Wang Shengren, thus, Wang Shengren was treated as a divine child by some people in the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace.

Then, when Tai Hong took him in as his disciple, Tai Hong told Wang Shengren that his soul was only a remnant, and only after obtaining the complete soul could he be considered to be cultivating the divine way. He then used Wang Shengren himself to successfully swindle the incomplete soul left behind by the elders of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace.

Tai Hong did not give up. He used his position as the master of the God’s son to steal many things in the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace. In the end, he was caught, clashed, and escaped with heavy injuries.

Wang Shengren and Tai Hong did not know why the broken soul of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable was in the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, but they knew where the Devil-suppressing blood and some other things that the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable left behind were.

However, to travel across a world was extremely difficult. Although they knew it, they could not obtain it.

"That Forbidden Transmission array has succeeded twice, and they will be teleporting for the third time very soon. At that time, they will teleport a batch of powerful Devil Cultivator over, and their strength will increase even more." Chen Xiang had not only absorbed Wang Shengren’s memories, he had also mastered and mastered the Devil-suppressing kungfu s that Wang Shengren was training in. However, Wang Shengren had only learned a little of those Devil-suppressing kungfu s.

This was the power of the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell!

Gu Dongchen slammed the table, "This bastard, he actually wants to sell the entire Mortal Martial Realm to the demon realm. Don’t even think about it, we must definitely eliminate this Tai Hong, even if it means killing off the entire Devil-subduing College, we must stop them!"

Chen Xiang said: "Hurry up and gather the experts of the Alliance and discuss this matter properly. Tai Hong should already know about this matter and I think that he will soon activate the Transmission array and teleport a batch of Devil Cultivator over to stabilize his strength to prevent himself from being destroyed by you."

Gu Dongchen nodded his head, then left hurriedly. He did not expect that when the Great War between Three Realms was about to begin, the biggest problem was not the lack of unity, but the fact that someone was leading the way for the wolf, for which he had to be ruthless.

Chen Xiang returned to the Super Dan Imperial College and hid in the secret room to try to learn the Devil-suppressing kungfu. Right now, he no longer had to work hard to learn the first part of the Devil-suppressing qi array and the Devil-suppressing qi array, it was also the hardest part.

"What did the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable leave behind in that demon realm?" Su Meiyao was extremely curious, all the things that the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable left behind were definitely not bad.

"I don’t know, Wang Shengren just knew that there was an underground palace there. Long ago, in order to create some martial arts against demons, Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable conducted experiments there. And he stayed there for a long time, so there should be a lot of good stuff left behind."

Chen Xiang said as he activated the Devil-suppressing qi, and then used his mind to control a few Devil-suppressing qi s, condensing them into energy threads, which then formed into a small Array. It appeared in front of his fist and slowly rotated around it.

That Wang Shengren had only learned the second level of Devil-suppressing fist, but it was already very rare. If it was an ordinary person, it would be very difficult to learn the first level.

Chen Xiang reckoned that if he did not fuse with Wang Shengren’s knowledge and experience on the divine arts, he would need more than half a year to be able to master the first two parts of the demonic arts well.

"The great formation of the Devil-subduing College came from the Heaven Realm, and was made using a large scale array inside the Devil-suppressing qi array, and the Devil-subduing College also used a large number of Spar as the energy source of the array. It seems like even if a lot of experts gather their power, it will still be difficult to break through, so it’s no wonder that Tai Hong is so confident."

Chen Xiang left the secret room and went into the courtyard, walking back and forth, thinking of ways to give Tai Hong a fatal blow, but Tai Hong had a very strong power now, the majority of the elders in the Devil-subduing College were all from the Heaven Realm.

"You should first integrate with the incomplete soul of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable. Once your soul becomes a little stronger, you can enter the Devil-subduing College." Long Xueyi yawned: "Although the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable’s soul is incomplete, after you fuse with it, you will definitely improve by a lot."

Inside Chen Xiang’s mind, the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable’s incomplete god soul was slowly fusing with his own god soul, but to completely fuse it would take a very long time. If he were to focus on training the Nine-turn dragon god mantra, it would be much faster.

Chen Xiang immediately ran into the secret room to start his cultivation. A few days later, another method to learn Devil Subduing Method was passed down in Mortal Martial Realm, it was a very simple and easy version, but it only had the first three levels.

Although it was only the third floor, it was still able to increase one’s strength by a lot. This caused the entire Mortal Martial Realm to boil, especially those warriors who could not enter the Devil-subduing College to cultivate!

All of these decisions were made after and the others discussed and discussed. The Devil Subduing Method was released by them because they wanted to make sure that the people who were running towards the Devil-subduing College with their lives on the line would turn back and be able to suppress the growth of the Devil-subduing College.