Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Tai Hong was shocked, he could also feel his own palm energy flowing into the demon seed, and at the moment, his heart was raging, but he could not do anything about it.

"You are courting death for doing this. I have a way to get rid of the demon god’s influence in the future, but you can’t. Once the demon god chooses you, you are dead!" Tai Hong bellowed.

"Not necessarily!"

With the Devil-suppressing Golden Body, he believed that he would definitely be able to restrain the Demon God Souls. Right now, he could clearly feel the terrifying power contained within the Demon Seed, if he let Tai Hong obtain it, it would undoubtedly be a disaster for the Mortal Martial Realm. He had to stop it, he could now delay time and wait for Gu Dongchen and the others to come.

"Don’t even think about fighting with me, go die!" Tai Hong’s old face became even more sinister and terrifying, his withered hand crazily smashed against Chen Xiang’s body.

Chen Xiang also didn’t know what kind of power Tai Hong used, but it actually hurt him, and made him feel threatened. He also retaliated, blocking that skinny veteran’s attack.

"Hmph, you’re still young, you’re just a mortal!" Tai Hong’s palm’s speed was incredibly fast, and he could even avoid Chen Xiang’s block, accurately hitting him where his life depended on it.

At this time, Chen Xiang was also not able to use the Innate Qi, his strength had been greatly reduced, but the power Tai Hong was using was actually very, very strong, and was still increasing bit by bit. At this moment, he was already vomiting blood due to the attack, but fortunately, he had fused with his White Dragon Vein, so although his body suffered heavy injuries time and time again, he was able to recover quickly, and at the same time, it was equivalent to tempering his body.

"Difficult bastard, yet you’re still not dead!" Tai Hong was furious, he scolded him angrily and his punches became even more vicious, but Chen Xiang was still able to stand there with her eyes wide open, looking at him with a gaze full of ridicule.

Both of their palms were sucked into the magic seed. Their powerful energies could not be used, so they could only wait, waiting for the magic seed to make its choice.

"Chen Xiang, quickly try to see if you can sense Tai Hong’s mind consciousness through the magic core." Bai Youyou asked anxiously: "If possible, use the Devouring magic kungfu to swallow that incomplete Earth Demon God Soul!"

Chen Xiang, who was being brutally ravaged by Tai Hong, immediately released his strongest divine sense. What made him surprised was that he really felt it, and could even feel the power from Tai Hong’s body.

"Old man, thank you so much, haha ..." Chen Xiang suddenly laughed out loud and activated the Devouring magic kungfu. This confused Tai Hong, but he quickly understood what was going on.

"Little bastard, what are you doing to me!" Tai Hong said in shock. His current expression was the same as everyone else’s, filled with the same unending fear.

"What do you think?"

laughed crazily. He had tasted the sweetness of the incomplete Demon God’s Soul, and now that he was able to absorb another drop, it made him extremely excited. He knew that the strength of his soul could bring him a lot of benefits, but the soul was very difficult to cultivate, so after devouring the incomplete Demon God’s Soul, it was able to cause his soul to advance by leaps and bounds.

"Are you devouring my soul? Is this the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell or the Devouring magic kungfu?" Tai Hong’s face was filled with shock. He suddenly understood why Chen Xiang destroyed Wang Shengren’s soul and sea of consciousness. It was to prevent him from finding out that the incomplete Demon God’s Soul had been devoured.

"Old fart, you really know a lot. You really know a lot about the demon realm!" Chen Xiang smiled. He was smiling very happily at the moment, but Tai Hong was so angry that he wanted to cry.

"I didn’t expect you to use this method to find out about my plan. No wonder it was destroyed again and again. How do you know all these devil arts?" Even those with the surnames of the top five devils in the Devil Realm are bitterly searching for this lost, mysterious skill. " At the same time, he was also extremely curious. As long as it was someone who had grown up in the Demon World, they would be curious even if they had a slight understanding of the magical techniques of the Demon Realm.

"I won’t tell you, haha ..." Chen Xiang laughed, and attacked Tai Hong mercilessly.

"Don’t get cocky too early!" Tai Hong suddenly roared out, that strand of the Demon Suppressing God Soul was already swallowed by Chen Xiang, he was currently furious, and wished that he could die together with Chen Xiang, but he was also unwilling, because the demon seed was right in front of him, so even if he did not have the Demon Suppressing God Soul, as long as he could obtain the demon seed, he would be able to rise up once again. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

But Chen Xiang was in the way, if the demon seed chose Chen Xiang, then all his previous work would have been for naught.

If he wanted to obtain a demon seed, he had to kill Chen Xiang!

With the situation, Tai Hong could not care so much. A sharp blade suddenly appeared on his other hand, he quickly slashed at his arm, and cut off the arm that was being sucked into the demon seed.

After he chopped off his arm, he could immediately control his own powerful strength.

"Haha ..." "You little bastard, you’re dead for sure!" Tai Hong laughed sinisterly, and struck him with his palm.

In shock, Chen Xiang reacted quickly and used the magic core to block it. Although Tai Hong’s palm strike could do great damage, but after hitting the magic core, it disappeared without a trace.

Tai Hong was shocked, because he knew that if he did not kill Chen Xiang quickly, the demon seed would be taken away by Chen Xiang.

"Quick, quickly kill this little bastard!" Tai Hong suddenly roared out, only to see that in the distance, there were 10 elders rushing over. Chen Xiang turned to look, it was actually the elders of Devil-subduing College.

Being surrounded and attacked by these ten Rankers who had passed through the eighth tribulation of Nirvana Stage, the consequences could be imagined.

"Old Turtle, even if I die, I won’t let you obtain the magic seed!" Chen Xiang laughed out loud, and the magic seed started to shrink bit by bit. This made Tai Hong furious, because the magic seed was being absorbed by Chen Xiang.

"I can’t let you get the magic core! This is my hard work!" Tai Hong struck out with his palm, but Chen Xiang dodged in a hurry and jumped to a certain spot.

"Die!" Tai Hong’s palm, as if growing eyes, followed along with Chen Xiang’s incomparably terrifying palm strike.

After Chen Xiang’s body was struck by the strong palm force, he flew out and landed on top of the Demon and Devil Sinkhole.

"Crap!" Tai Hong thought and quickly flew over.

"Chen Xiang!" Suddenly, a few loud hissing sounds came from the distance, some were from Liu Meng’er, Gu Dongchen and some other big shots from other forces.

They had rushed over, but Chen Xiang had fallen into the Demon and Devil Sinkhole, and was even beaten down by Tai Hong.

Her jade-like face was filled with anger and grief as she struck out with her palm from afar. Gu Dongchen, Wu Kaiming, Lian Yingxiao and the other experts also attacked at the same time.

An earth-shattering force instantly destroyed the altar of the Demon God. It struck Tai Hong and caused him to violently spit out a mouthful of blood. However, the remaining force was absorbed by the Demon and Devil Sinkhole.