Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Standing at the side, they could feel the terrifying power of the Demon and Devil Sinkhole. The devouring power below was like a monster with its mouth wide open, waiting for them to jump down.

If it wasn’t for Gu Dongchen stopping her, Liu Meng’er would have already jumped down as well. Right now, she only had incomparable rage and grief in her heart.

Gu Dongchen had brought around fifty to sixty people, most of them were the big shots of the small continents surrounding Chen Martial Continent, they were all continents in the Eastern Ocean. Originally, they all joined the Sacred Light Religious Sect, but later the Sacred Light Religious Sect disintegrated.

Although Chen Xiang had been defeated, Tai Hong was still not satisfied. This was because the magic core was also taken down by Chen Xiang, so the terrifying power of the Demon and Devil Sinkhole, as long as he stood at the side, could be clearly felt. The great power released by Gu Dongchen and the other experts had all been devoured by the Demon and Devil Sinkhole.

Gu Dongchen’s face suddenly became gloomy, because a few black-robed men suddenly came over, their bodies released a very strong demonic aura, one could tell that they were strong experts in the Demon World. The fact that Tai Hong had colluded with the Demon World was proof of that.

"What Chen Xiang said is true. You really were annihilated by the Demon World in a sorry state." Gu Dongchen said angrily.

On the way here, Gu Dongchen had told everyone most of what had happened. They were very surprised to hear about it, but now they had received confirmation.

"Hmph, Chen Xiang this bastard, messed up my plans, you all still won’t be able to escape today." Behind him were ten elders from the Devil-subduing College and thirty strong Devil Cultivator from the Demon Realm. From the looks of it, they were much stronger than Gu Dongchen and the others.

"What’s the point of all this nonsense?" At this time, Liu Meng’er only wanted to tear Tai Hong into pieces. Although her heart was full of anger, the aura she was releasing right now was incomparably cold, as if she was in an environment of ice and snow.

A gust of cold wind blew over, causing Tai Hong and the others to feel a bone-piercing coldness. They shuddered at the sight.

Tai Hong suddenly laughed sinisterly: "Hahaha ... Can you win us? We have more people than you who have just crossed the Nirvana tribulation, and most of them are experts in the Demon World. You should know that there is no shortage of experts of this level in the Demon World. "

Other than the stronger Chen Martial Continent, the rest of you are nothing more than small fries in our eyes. Are you really going to put your life on the line for a little brat who has already been shattered to pieces?

These words were said by those who followed Gu Dongchen, but as for those who were weaker, they heard it and started to consider whether or not to attack. If they fought with Tai Hong and the others, they would definitely die.

Liu Meng’er had calmed down, she had already seen the situation clearly, Tai Hong’s overall strength was indeed stronger than them.

"It’s too late for you to leave now. You can only rely on us, or else you’ll all die. Haha ..." Tai Hong’s sinister laughter reverberated within the frigid wind of the Great Devil Mountains, causing one’s hair to stand on end.

"I am sorry, Leader Gu ..." An old man behind Gu Dongchen suddenly said. Then with a leap, he actually went over to Tai Hong’s side, and at the same time, many of the big shots behind Gu Dongchen and the others also flew over to his side.

This caused Gu Dongchen and the others to be so angry that they trembled. What made them gratified was that the strong warriors of the Chen Martial Continent did not cower, as he should have thought of this long ago.

On Gu Dongchen’s side, there were only Wu Kaiming, Liu Meng’er, Lian Yingxiao, True Martial School’s Tang Yichao, Proud Sword Sect’s Yue Jianglin, Dan Fragrance Pure Land’s Elder Yun Yan, and the new Leader, Guo Huangxiong.

Although True Martial School, Beast Martial School, and the others had been enemies with the Super Martial School before, they still chose to reconcile with the Super Martial School. After going through the crisis in the Great War between Three Realms, they would talk about other things, but now that they were on the same side, their relationship would become even better.

"Haha, I knew that your alliance wouldn’t become that big of a deal. Fighting with your fist is your true ability, so I’m not worried about this lousy alliance at all." Tai Hong laughed.

"Hmph. You lowly bastards actually went back on your words at such a crucial time. You have violated the alliance. Just you wait to be punished." Lian Yingxiao coldly snorted.

"If you die, who knows if they will break the agreement? Haha, I will let them continue to stay in the Alliance. I will let them continue to go back on their word at critical moments, and destroy your dogshit alliance. " Tai Hong laughed out crazily.

"You don’t have that chance!" A clear and bright voice sounded, causing Gu Dongchen and the others to be overjoyed. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The people who came were indeed Blue Mountain, strong practitioners from the Huang Jintian era, and he had even rushed over with a few big shots.

"I never thought that the Devil-subduing College would be led by such a fellow. Fortunately, we were on our guard long ago." A blue light shot over and an old man wearing a blue robe stood beside Gu Dongchen. This old man was the patriarch of the Blue Blood Race, Lan Kun.

This was closely followed by a tall and sturdy middle-aged baldy who radiated an imposing aura as he descended from the sky. When he landed, the earth abruptly shook. This was the Martial House Master of the Wu Manor, Wu Shao!

Tai Hong frowned, his expression extremely solemn. Although there were not many people here, he knew the strength of these people, if they were to fight, even if they won, it would be a miserable victory.

"Sure enough, you are colluding with the demon realm. Even if I have to risk my life, I can’t let you go today." Wu Shao’s voice was like thunder as he roared.

They were all the most powerful warriors in the Mortal Martial Realm, and also the powerhouses of a great power. They had the responsibility to protect their own land and their own tribesmen, so they could not let the Demon and Devil Realms rule this world.

"In that case, we have nothing else to say. My friends in the demon realm, these fellows will be the greatest hindrances to your future rule over this place. There is no need to show any mercy." Tai Hong said in a serious tone.

Liu Meng’er shouted out, and a burst of cold wind blew over. Tai Hong and the rest suddenly felt their bodies becoming stiff, and at that moment, Gu Dongchen and the rest flew out too!

A great battle between experts was about to erupt. The Great Devil Mountains reverberated with rumbling sounds and waves of violent tremors.

The black aura above Great Devil Mountains became even more turbulent, and in the middle of the bottomless Demon and Devil Sinkhole floated a man carrying a black ball.

Although he was torn apart by a powerful force, in the end, the profoundwu diamond armour still protected him, causing him to fall into the quiet and pitch black sky ditch, and he was still slowly falling.