Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was clearly flying upwards, but he felt like he was retreating. This made it hard for him to understand, so he increased his speed and continued to fly upwards.

However, it was the same if he increased his speed. Moreover, he could feel that the Magical corruption gas were becoming heavier and heavier.

"What the hell." Chen Xiang floated without moving, then allowed himself to descend. However, as he descended, he was actually descending.

"I’m trapped!" Chen Xiang clenched his teeth and said.

"Reverse the chaos in the space, the accumulated Demonic Death Qi over the years, forming a very powerful force, reversing the flow of energy inside the space, but the Magical corruption gas were not affected, it seems that this was only effective against the things that fell in here." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang looked up above, it was only pitch-black. He cursed loudly, and asked: "Little Naughty Dragon, what do we do in this situation? Is there any way to get out? " Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Right, I have a Luotian Gate!" After Chen Xiang asked this question, he slapped his head and anxiously took out a disk.

"It’s no use, the space here is unstable and it’s very chaotic. If you randomly open the Space Gate and get transported to some unknown space, then it’ll be troublesome if you can’t find the direction of the space." Long Xueyi said.

This made Chen Xiang feel even more dejected.

"Let’s go down and take a look. There might be another way out." Long Xueyi sighed.

Chen Xiang had been to many dangerous places before, and those places were all dangerous places. Even if some strong warriors went in there, they would probably lose their lives, but he would always be able to get out.

"Just go!" Chen Xiang’s entire body was releasing Devil-suppressing holy power, causing all the panicked evil energy inside the Demon and Devil Sinkhole to be unable to touch his body.

Without the protection of these powers, his body plummeted. He was very curious about the bottom of Demon and Devil Sinkhole, but he was also a little afraid that he would run into some powerful stuff that would leave him with nowhere to go.

"Haha, a very courageous brat. As expected of the successor to the Demon Suppressing Old Ghost."

After Chen Xiang fell for half a day, a sinister laughter came from below, making Chen Xiang’s hair stand on end.

"There’s a powerful fellow sealed below!" Chen Xiang guessed, and it was sealed by the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable.

Chen Xiang suddenly saw five points of light below him. Not long later, he saw the fellow who released that sinister laugh, it was a man who was completely black, and whose purplish black skin was covered with many wrinkles that made people want to vomit. He had long ears, a mouth that revealed two fangs, and a pair of eyes that were filled with rotten flesh.

"What is this?" Chen Xiang allowed himself to float. The monster was surrounded by five gigantic stone tablets, its body was tied up with many thick iron chains, those iron chains were not ordinary iron chains, they emitted a kind of silvery-white glow, and the chain was engraved with many complex Spirit grain s.

The iron chain was connected to the five gigantic stone tablets surrounding the monster. Chen Xiang landed on a giant iron chain that was as large as a bridge, stepped onto the chain and went straight up, standing on top of a giant monument, and looked down at the terrifying monster below.

"It’s from Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable!" Chen Xiang looked at the giant tablets and the iron chains.

"That’s right, it was Old Demon Zhen who trapped me here, making me suffer the torment of the Magical corruption gas all year long." The monster’s voice was incomparably sinister and filled with hatred. It struggled, but it could not move those thick iron chains at all.

"This is the Poisonous Beast Devil God. He was originally a normal person, but he didn’t know that he would turn into such a monster. This guy is very famous in the three great Heaven Realm s, even though he’s been missing for a long time." Bai Youyou exclaimed.

Su Meiyao and Long Xueyi knew of this person’s capabilities and were extremely shocked. Although Poisonous Beast Devil God was trapped, Chen Xiang and the others were inexplicably terrified.

"Back then, when he fought the Poison Dragon, he seemed to have lost. Afterwards, the two of them went missing. Could this have something to do with the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable?" Long Xueyi said.

"Poisonous Beast Devil God, I did not expect you to be locked in here. However, the result of that poisonous dragon is much worse than yours." Chen Xiang laughed.

"What is your background?" How do you know about this? " Poisonous Beast Devil God asked anxiously.

"I am the descendant of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, how could I not know about it?" Chen Xiang laughed, "The old Poison Dragon is already dead, dying in Sacred Dan Realm. Even though he’s dead, his poisonous blood has harmed Sacred Dan Realm for many years."

"You don’t seem like a disciple of Old Demon Zhen, this old thing definitely won’t accept disciples, I actually know that he left his stuff in many different worlds, you probably got lucky, got his stuff, and refined Devil-suppressing holy power, right!" Poisonous Beast Devil God laughed coldly, "Don’t think that you can lie to me!"

Chen Xiang did not expect this monster to be so smart. Even though it was seen through, he remained calm: "Can you tell me how to get out?"

"Haha ..." Poisonous Beast Devil God laughed out loud: I knew you were trapped here, and wanted to get out. Old Demon Zhen never thought that there would be a day when you would trap his successor, although you got lucky, it’s not easy to cultivate his Devil-suppressing kungfu, you can say that you are very outstanding, but you can only accompany me here until your death ... "Haha."

After Chen Xiang heard this, his expression became extremely ugly.

"If you want to leave, there’s only one way, and that is to destroy this Five-elemental Demon Sealing Array and destroy the power of this chaotic space. But then, I can leave too." The Poisonous Beast Devil God rubbed his face with her long tongue, making Chen Xiang want to slash it off with her blade.

"Unless you release me, you can only stay here to accompany me. Of course, you can also choose to continue to that chaotic energy filled space." The Poisonous Beast Devil God laughed sinisterly.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "I still have another way, which is to kill you and destroy this formation again!"

"You want to kill me? Do you think you can do something that even the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable cannot? That’s ridiculous! "

After all these years, this was his happiest day. Although he could not escape, he would still have to accompany him for many years after seeing his proud successor in the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable.

This Poisonous Beast Devil God used poison. The reason why Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable trapped him here was so that he could use Magical corruption gas s to kill him. But over the years, his eyes had only rotted and his body was still healthy.

However, his body had also become much more fragile. However, it seemed that he could continue for many more years!

"Come, brat. I want to see what method you will use to kill me. Even I myself cannot kill myself. Quickly, let me die happily." Poisonous Beast Devil God provoked Chen Xiang, her voice full of ridicule.