Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Even though the Poisonous Beast Devil God wanted Chen Xiang to give him a quick death, he didn’t want to die at all. He had been imprisoned here by the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable for so long, and it contained grievances.

The reason why he said that, was simply because he thought that Chen Xiang couldn’t kill him, and that even the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable couldn’t kill him, let alone Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang stood on top of a giant monument and looked down at the monster that was ridiculing him.

"Why didn’t you come? Or are you afraid to come down and approach me? " The Poisonous Beast Devil God had been bored for so long, it was rare for someone to come here alive, and this person was someone the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable had spent so much effort and time to choose as his successor. When he thought of how Chen Xiang would accompany him here for so many years, he laughed even more happily. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

If you want to kill me, the first thing you have to do is to cut open my skin, my skin has eighty-one layers, after you break it, you have to destroy everything inside my body, but the things inside my body are much more powerful than my skin. Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable had great difficulty breaking through my skin back then, but was unable to destroy my internal organs or break my bones, do you think you can do that? The Poisonous Beast Devil God laughed.

Long Xueyi said: "What this guy said is true, his ugly body seems to come from the highest realm, the God Realm, so it’s very difficult to destroy it. Look at the surface of his body, it’s completely fine now, he should have the ability to repair himself."

"There’s only one way, and that is to use God-eclipse powder to melt this fellow." Su Meiyao suddenly became excited, if Chen Xiang could do something that even the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable could not, then that would be a very exciting thing.

"I’ll try using the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword first!" A cyan light suddenly flashed from Chen Xiang’s hand, followed by a burst of cyan lightning, and the mighty divine blade appeared. The lifelike dragon sculpture on top of it trembled slightly, and let out a clear dragon cry.

"What is this?" The Poisonous Beast Devil God was shocked, the thing in Chen Xiang’s hands made him feel threatened.

"The thing that killed you."

Chen Xiang leapt high into the air, and just as he was about to land on Poisonous Beast Devil God’s gigantic body, he raised his blade and slashed across, creating a gully like wound on Poisonous Beast Devil God’s chest.

"Ahh ..." Poisonous Beast Devil God let out a thunderous roar in pain: "Brat, what exactly did you use?"

When Chen Xiang saw that the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was effective, he was secretly happy in his heart. He did not answer Poisonous Beast Devil God’s question, but instead brandished the divine blade on his wrinkled skin, cutting off the stone-like thick skin.

Following Chen Xiang’s control of his mind, the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword grew bigger and grew, and could cut even deeper. Chen Xiang felt as easy as cutting tofu now, but when he stirred the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, he realized that he was stopped by many things, and those things were not cut off as easily as he imagined.

The thing inside Poisonous Beast Devil God’s body was extremely stiff.

"Damned brat, you’re the first person to cut my skin so many times. I’m going to die from the pain, don’t let me grab onto you or else I’ll pull your intestines out bit by bit." Although his skin was stiff, it was still more painful than when he cut it open.

Chen Xiang opened a hole on the Poisonous Beast Devil God’s chest that was like a well. Seeing the layers of different-colored skin that were cut by him, he couldn’t help but be amazed that there was actually such a miraculous creature in the world.

Through the black "well", Chen Xiang could see the normal beating black heart below him.

"Hehe, those Magical corruption gas should be able to enter your body now. Let’s see how long you can laugh for!" Chen Xiang laughed out loud.

"Humph, just a mere Magical corruption gas, it can’t kill me!" Although the Poisonous Beast Devil God was in pain, he still could not let Chen Xiang succeed. He only saw that the wound that Chen Xiang had opened, was actually slowly healing.

Although the speed was slow, it would only take a few days to completely heal. Even if it did not, Magical corruption gas s would not have decades to rot his body. This Poisonous Beast Devil God’s body was truly terrifying.

This was the strongest existence in the world of demons, it really opened Chen Xiang’s eyes. With this kind of terrifying flesh, no wonder even Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable could do nothing about it.

"Haha ..." "Even if you peel off my skin, I will still grow back. I will not die!" Poisonous Beast Devil God laughed crazily.

The first thing to heal was the Poisonous Beast Devil God’s flesh. It would only take half an hour to heal and the eighty-one layers of skin would completely heal within a few days.

"Although God-eclipse powder s are fine, I don’t know when I’ll be able to finish refining them. This guy’s body is too terrifying!" Chen Xiang sat on top of the gigantic purple black body, trying to figure out a way to kill it.

Powerful God-eclipse powder had very high requirements for the age of the materials, and it had to be known that this Poisonous Beast Devil God was a guy with an extremely strong fleshly body.

"We’ll know once we try it. The difficulty of refining high level God-eclipse powder is not high, it just needs a very long time. This fellow’s internal organs are very strong, and all kinds of energy cannot harm it. Su Meiyao said: "I will make that Broken Soul Tree’s age increase again, when the time comes, you will refine the God-eclipse powder here."

"Give up, haha ..." Seeing that Chen Xiang was standing on top of him and not moving, Poisonous Beast Devil God laughed out loud.

Chen Xiang ignored him, took out a few God-eclipse powder s, and sprinkled them into the slowly healing wound, landing them on the meat.

"What is this?" Poisonous Beast Devil God felt that the meat was a little itchy and painful.

Chen Xiang observed the slowly melting meat and discovered that this low rank God-eclipse powder was actually so useful that it could melt some of the meat.

"Alright, I should be able to refine a high grade Heaven level God-eclipse powder." Su Meiyao used the creation divine liquid to speed it up.

When some of the spirit herbs were incomplete, they could be irrigated by creation divine liquid and become complete. Spirit medicine was originally complete, with creation divine liquid, it could increase the growth speed of the spirit medicine.

"High-grade Heaven level? "How can I refine it now?" Chen Xiang was startled, he could only refine a Earth Grade Low Rank Dan now, but he was unable to refine a high grade Heaven level all of a sudden.

"This requires a very powerful flame and divine intent, and then experience!" High-grade Heaven level’s God-eclipse powder obviously cannot cause any harm to this guy, so you need to add a large number of Magical corruption gas and with the two of them mixed together, the effect will be even greater. " Su Meiyao said excitedly. That kind of laughter sounded like a deceitful female devil, making Chen Xiang shiver uncontrollably.

"When the time comes, leave everything to me and Xue Yi. For now, the three of us will merge together. I will control your body to refine pills, and at the same time, use Xue Yi’s powerful consciousness. That should work." Su Meiyao had already formulated a plan.