Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Su Meiyao was a woman who was passionate about refining pills. Because she had lost her energy, she was unable to refine pills for many years, and after being unable to do so for so long, her hands had started to itch.

It was extremely rare for a Alchemist to be able to come into contact with these two powerful things at the same time, and no one had ever tried it before.

Sometimes, the Alchemist was also treated like a devil, especially those who fled to the ends of the earth to refine poisons, they were treated as devils in the Heaven Realm.

This requires a large amount of God-eclipse powder’s medicinal herbs. I have already ordered Senior Sister to mass produce them inside, and then there is the Magical corruption gas, to fuse these two things together. Furthermore, it will be in a large quantity, and after compression, the quality will increase. Su Meiyao laughed.

"Little Scoundrel, you might be able to meet that old fellow, Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, again in the future. At that time, you can brag about yourself in front of him."

Chen Xiang chuckled: "Then I’ll leave it to you, my good sister!"

His entire body relaxed, allowing Long Xueyi’s and Su Meiyao’s consciousness to enter his mind. Then, with Long Xueyi taking the lead, he used her Imperial Dragon Race’s mysterious cultivation method to temporarily fuse the souls of the three of them together.

"The body of a man is strange!" Su Meiyao looked at his hands.

"Being possessed by two women, I also feel that it’s weird. If I have the chance, I want to possess your body as well." Chen Xiang laughed.

"The little scoundrel would definitely touch a woman’s body at any time if he attached himself to her." Long Xueyi giggled.

"Don’t think too much. I’m going to focus on refining the God-eclipse powder. Be more serious." Su Meiyao scoffed.

Of course, the three of them were using their consciousness to converse, otherwise, when the Poisonous Beast Devil God heard this, they would have thought that he was sick.

"Little Scoundrel, learn a little, I’m going to start now!" Su Meiyao said, taking out the Yanlong furnace, being able to use this furnace to refine pills, she could not help but sigh.

At this time, when their three souls fused, they felt that it was extremely strange, and Chen Xiang could see what he was doing, but that was not what he was doing. He was only relaxing, allowing the other consciousness in his body to control his body. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Su Meiyao understood Chen Xiang the best, she even knew how many hairs on his body he had. Now that she was using Chen Xiang’s body, she could control him easily.

Just as Su Meiyao had said, the amount of flowers, fruits, leaves, branches, tree roots and skins that the Broken Soul Tree refined were all numerous. All of them were poured into large baskets of Yanlong furnace s.

Chen Xiang had the Heaven fire soul, his flames were strong enough, and his own Innate Qi was also very dense, it was enough for Chen Xiang to release flames and refine pills for a long time. Long Xueyi had a strong soul, his mana and consciousness were both very strong, and were more than enough for Su Meiyao to use.

"sister Meiyao, this is so good, in the future, won’t you be concocting pills this way more often? You are definitely not just a Pill Sect, I feel that you are at least a Dan Immortal, haha ... You can concoct a lot of immortal pills like this. " Chen Xiang said excitedly.

Su Meiyao had told Chen Xiang before that she was only a Pill Sect but Chen Xiang had never believed it before. At this moment, he was even more sure of his conjecture that Su Meiyao was at least a Dan Immortal.

"If only it could be like this, but this is still not my body, it will still affect my performance, and you two little fellows are not strong enough to concoct immortal pills, at most, I can concoct low grade Heaven level pills, and my speed is also very slow!" Su Meiyao’s words shattered Chen Xiang’s fantasies.

"This high level God-eclipse powder is much easier to refine than those Heaven level Pills, and it takes a long time to refine. If you want to refine it well, I think it would take more than a year." Su Meiyao’s words stunned Chen Xiang.

Yanlong furnace s had an accelerating array formation, and that would take more than a year. If it was an ordinary pill furnace, wouldn’t it take even more years?

"Oh right, this is the time to fuse with a large number of Magical corruption gas. Just watch." Su Meiyao said.

From this, Chen Xiang immediately focused on refining the pellet. More than a year had passed, and during Su Meiyao’s refining, he did not forget to condense creation divine liquid s to make more of the God-eclipse powder’s medicinal ingredients. Chen Xiang already could not remember how many times he had put in the Yanlong furnace.

What surprised him the most was that he had to fuse so many God-eclipse powder’s refined from medicinal ingredients into a small box. From this, it could be seen how high the quality of the box was.

Of course, during the refining process, Su Meiyao controlled Chen Xiang’s body and used the Devouring magic kungfu person. He absorbed a large amount of Magical corruption gas and poured it into the furnace, causing the two to fuse together. As for how effective it was, no one knew.

The Poisonous Beast Devil God only thought of Chen Xiang as a cultivator, he had long forgotten about Chen Xiang being able to harm him before. Although he was surprised, Chen Xiang could not kill him in the end.

There were a lot of Magical corruption gas that entered from the chaotic space below. Even after more than a year, they did not show any signs of weakening, thus, the rankers around the Demon and Devil Sinkhole were also like before, patiently waiting for the Magical corruption gas to leave.

"Completed!" Su Meiyao let out a long sigh as she opened up the Yanlong furnace and looked at the floating black and white powder.

"It looks really amazing!" Chen Xiang really wanted to see how effective it was.

"Xue Yi, it’s been hard on you. Let us return to our original appearances." Su Meiyao was not tired either, but was full of energy.

Chen Xiang grabbed the powder that was mixed in black and white, and rubbed it on his fingertips.

"These things are useless to you, but to others ..." Su Meiyao laughed sinisterly.

Chen Xiang was somewhat disappointed that he was only able to refine this much after suffering for more than a year.

"Then let’s test how powerful he really is!" Chen Xiang took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, and scratched Poisonous Beast Devil God’s chest, digging out pieces of skin and black flesh.

"Brat, stop!" Although Chen Xiang couldn’t kill him, she could make him feel pain. This made him extremely angry, as the majestic devil god was repeatedly insulted by this little ant, he felt extremely aggrieved.

Chen Xiang ignored him and continued doing his thing. Only by doing this could he leave this damned place.

"Hmph, useless." Poisonous Beast Devil God felt another wound on his chest, and said disdainfully.

Chen Xiang looked at the small pile of black and white powder in his palm, his heart was no longer confident. However, when he thought about the large amount of God-eclipse powder medicine and the large amount of Magical corruption gas s that had refined this powder, his confidence suddenly rose.

With a wave of his hand, he controlled the powder to fall on top of the giant beating heart. Then, he leapt up and landed on top of a giant monument.

"Ah... "Brat, what is this thing?" Poisonous Beast Devil God let out a bone chilling scream.

The powder was useful, which made Chen Xiang extremely happy.