Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

It was just a small pile of powder, yet it actually caused Poisonous Beast Devil God to cry out in pain.

"This fellow is melting!" Long Xueyi said.

Once the powder made from the fusion of God-eclipse powder and Magical corruption gas entered the Poisonous Beast Devil God’s body, it quickly spread.

"What is this? Damn brat, I will skin you alive." Poisonous Beast Devil God was shocked and angry. His innards that couldn’t even move the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable was actually beginning to melt.

"This was refined from the fusion of a God-eclipse powder. You will slowly die, stop talking nonsense." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Demon!" Of course, Poisonous Beast Devil God knew about God-eclipse powder. He never thought that Chen Xiang would actually smelt God-eclipse powder together with them.

"Heh heh, the same goes for me." Chen Xiang was sitting on the giant monument, patiently waiting for the Poisonous Beast Devil God to die.

"It’s a pity that his soul has already been crippled by the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable. Otherwise, swallowing his soul would have allowed your soul to improve even more rapidly." Long Xueyi sighed.

Poisonous Beast Devil God’s scream continued for two days before it disappeared. There was a puddle of black water at the bottom of the five giant tablets that were glowing with a silvery white light. In the middle of the black water, there was a pearl that was emitting a purple glow, it was about the size of a fist.

"It should be the Poisonous beast’s beast core!" Long Xueyi exclaimed.

With such a large Poisonous beast and such a small beast core, it must be something good. The smaller the beast core, the better it was.

Chen Xiang jumped down, and anxiously picked up the beast core, and placed it into the ring.

"This guy probably became a Poisonous beast after he ate this thing. This thing is temporarily useless to you, but it can prove that you killed this guy." said. She, Long Xueyi and Bai Youyou played around inside, and could not find anything special.

"You can leave now!" Chen Xiang originally thought that it would take a long time for him to destroy the giant monoliths, but who would have thought that after the Poisonous Beast Devil God died, the five giant monoliths and the giant iron chains would suddenly turn into gold powder and disappear into the pitch black space.

"Haha, I can finally get out." A silver white light suddenly flashed from Chen Xiang’s body, and under the silver white light, waves of red flames spouted out.

Chen Xiang flapped his wings and quickly flew up. With the protection of the Devil-suppressing holy power, he was not afraid of the Suzaku fire wing being torn apart by the various powers inside.

"These Magical corruption gas have been gushing for so long, it can’t possibly be all over the Chen Martial Continent, right?!" Chen Xiang suddenly started to worry, this kind of thing was not something that anyone could bear.

"Probably not, this Demon and Devil Sinkhole has a strange suction force. You were sucked down by it before." Long Xueyi said.

Around Demon and Devil Sinkhole, the faces of the experts were not good. After all, they were in a dangerous situation, and if they were to be careless for a bit, they would easily lose their lives, and they would die in an ugly way. Of course, for powerful beings like them who cared about their reputation, dying in front of others was the most important matter.

The sky above Demon and Devil Sinkhole was shrouded in black clouds all year round, and at this moment, there were also those invisible Magical corruption gas s.

Suddenly, a burst of fire red light shone over, and everyone turned to look at Demon and Devil Sinkhole, only to see a pair of gigantic fire wings flapping, rising from Demon and Devil Sinkhole.

The majestic fire wings were actually released by a single person!

Everyone quickly saw who it was, it was Chen Xiang!

After Chen Xiang ascended, he hastily withdrew his Flaming Wings and floated in the air, looking down. Very quickly, he saw the strong experts, and many of them were people he was familiar with. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Seeing this scene, he quickly thought of something, especially seeing Tai Hong’s frightened face, he smiled even more happily in his heart.

Gu Dongchen’s heart, which had been hanging in the air for many days, finally relaxed. He did not expect that after almost two years, Chen Xiang would actually come back alive from below.

"This kid is really worrying me to death!" Liu Meng’er pouted playfully. Her jade-like face was full of excitement as she held back her tears from falling and watched Chen Xiang slowly descend from the sky.

Tai Hong and the rest were all terrified, because Chen Xiang was not affected by the Magical corruption gas, how was this possible?

They had witnessed several Rankers decomposing into purple black rotten flesh with their own eyes. What was most unbelievable was that Chen Xiang, who had fallen into the Demon and Devil Sinkhole, actually managed to come back alive after almost two years.

"Aren’t these guys from Eastsea City?" I remember that they seemed to have joined the Alliance. Why are they sitting together with an old demon like Tai Hong now? " Chen Xiang landed gently, not affected in the slightest by the Magical corruption gas.

Of course, Chen Xiang could tell that these Rankers did not dare to move in order to resist the Magical corruption gas, but he could move now!

"These guys suddenly went overboard. Junior Martial Uncle, you handle it." Gu Dongchen’s words made those people from the rebel alliance feel like they were going to be executed.

Chen Xiang also saw Han Lie who had a face as ashen as ash. He looked at Han Lie and asked: "Where is this guy?"

This angered Han Lie to the point that he vomited blood, this brat actually used such a thing to describe himself as the hall master of Fire Divine Palace!

"To watch the show." Lian Yingxiao said, at this time, the people on Gu Dongchen’s side, were all extremely excited, they knew that Chen Xiang would definitely not let them off.

Tai Hong panicked and roared: "Chen Xiang, you demon who has fused with a demon seed, if there is a day, you will definitely be devoured by the Demon Gods, and will bring a calamity to the entire Mortal Martial Realm."

"Old man, don’t think about slandering me, the one who wanted to fuse with the magic seed is you, the one who obtained the powerful strength, I only stopped you, and you beat me down of Demon and Devil Sinkhole!" Chen Xiang said with a cold smile, he walked towards Tai Hong and explained to the others what happened on the altar that day.

Everyone suddenly realised, they really wanted to know the reason why Gu Dongchen allowed them to arrive in such a hurry, it seemed like it was necessary now. If Tai Hong succeeded, then it would truly be a disaster for Mortal Martial Realm.

"Hmph, if you did not fuse with a demon seed, how could you resist the Magical corruption gas? Do you know what a Magical corruption gas is? " Tai Hong’s words caused everyone to become suspicious.

Now, everyone had a better understanding of the magic core. If Chen Xiang managed to fuse with a magic core, it would undoubtedly be a disaster.

"Your father’s impenetrable, a mere Magical corruption gas is nothing!" Chen Xiang laughed, his entire body shook, the silver white holy light shot out in all four directions from his body, looking extremely holy.

"Even if it’s a magic seed, I can still purify it!" At this time, Chen Xiang was like a god, causing everyone to exclaim in their hearts.