Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Amongst these people, only Tai Hong could tell that the silver white glow emitted from Chen Xiang’s body was the evolved form of the Devil-suppressing qi, and he had only heard of it.

Tai Hong suddenly felt that Chen Xiang was even more mysterious now. Chen Xiang had some powerful devil arts, but he could still cultivate the Evil Suppression techniques to such a degree, in his view, these martial arts should have conflict with each other, but now they actually coexisted perfectly on Chen Xiang’s body.

Of course, what he was most worried about was how Chen Xiang would deal with them!

Tai Hong knew that Chen Xiang would not let him go, upon seeing Chen Xiang walk towards them step by step, his heart was thumping hard, he could not move at all, as long as he moved, the dense Magical corruption gas would dig into his body, and in an instant, he would turn into a pile of rotten flesh. Now, they could only allow themselves to be slaughtered.

"Chen Xiang, what are you doing?" Tai Hong asked in a deep voice, his voice revealed a trace of fear. In the world of the Magical corruption gas, Chen Xiang was like a god, and all of the strong beings here could only be ravaged by Chen Xiang.

With a "pa" sound, Chen Xiang waved his hand, released a wave of energy and slapped the air hard onto Tai Hong’s face.

"Old dog, you’ve killed so many people for the sake of that magic seed. I will definitely not let you off today." Chen Xiang said coldly.

"Hmph, those who die are just some ants. If I were to die ten times, this world would continue to operate as usual." Tai Hong said angrily. In his eyes, those mortals were nothing more than grass, he had never felt that killing so many people was a sin.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "You are only an ant in my eyes now. Even if you die a hundred times, this world will still function properly.

With that, Chen Xiang waved his hand. A green light flashed, and the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword suddenly appeared in his hand, flying straight towards Tai Hong’s neck.

A ray of sad and beautiful blood sprayed out. Tai Hong’s body was also instantly invaded by the Magical corruption gas, and his separated body immediately turned into purplish black rotten flesh.

Dead!

Tai Hong was beheaded by Chen Xiang just like that, causing everyone on Tai Hong’s side to shiver.

Gu Dongchen and the others had long known about this matter. Long ago, Chen Xiang had also killed the Beast Martial School s like this, and the memories of his death were still fresh in Tang Yichao’s mind.

After killing Tai Hong, Chen Xiang raised his blade and walked towards the Devil Cultivator, causing the Devil Cultivator s to be terrified, they originally thought that with their strength, they were invincible existences in the Mortal Martial Realm, but who would have known that they would meet a Magical corruption gas.

"Don’t be delusional enough to devour Mortal Martial Realm." Chen Xiang said as he swung his blade down.

Just like that, ten powerful Devil Cultivator s were beheaded one by one by Chen Xiang under the watch of the numerous strong warriors. Then, they were invaded by the Magical corruption gas, their bodies and souls corroded.

"You can’t kill us, we are elders of the Devil-subduing College. Without us, the Devil-subduing College won’t be able to hold on." An old man’s voice was full of fear, but the response he got was a single slash.

Chen Xiang did not sympathize with these people who had annihilated Tai Hong in the slightest. If they had been a little enlightened in the first place, they would not have been blinded by the benefits and could have completely killed Tai Hong together. However, they did not do that.

In the blink of an eye, there were more corpses lying on the ground. Those Devil-subduing College’s elders had already been slaughtered by Chen Xiang, so he didn’t need to worry at all as he still had Man Futian and Zuo Zhenxuan.

Chen Xiang looked at them and sneered: "You bunch of fence-sitters. When you guys first joined the Sacred Light Religious Sect, you already knew that you guys weren’t good people. Go and die with these guys."

In the midst of his wails, Chen Xiang showed no mercy and killed each and every one of the villains!

who was in Fire Divine Palace watched the bloody scene indifferently, but he did not feel the slightest amount of fear. If Chen Xiang wanted to kill him, he would not say anything.

But Chen Xiang did not kill him, he had only walked past him. Although this Han Lie’s voice was a little scary, Chen Xiang felt that he was not too bad, and seemed to be indifferent to the matters of the Fire Divine Palace.

Right now, the most important thing is to get rid of these Magical corruption gas. Although it hasn’t spread yet, that doesn’t mean it won’t spread in the future.

This Great Devil Mountains was above the Chen Martial Continent. If it were to spread, the entire Chen Martial Continent would become a dead end.

"Use the Hell’s Tornado to create a strong gust of air and push all these Magical corruption gas back." Bai Youyou said: "There are a lot of Magical corruption gas outside, create a flow direction and these Magical corruption gas will go back down."

Very quickly, the giant flaming tornado suddenly continued, and right above Demon and Devil Sinkhole, with Chen Xiang frantically spinning, it created a very strong suction force, causing the Magical corruption gas above the Demon and Devil Sinkhole to instantly rush into the Demon and Devil Sinkhole along with the gust of air.

This spectacular scene broadened the horizons of these Rankers who had lived for many years. When they thought that this was Huang Jintian’s disciple, they could not help but exclaim in their hearts. They could meet, and in the near future, Chen Xiang would become the same as Huang Jintian, the strongest warrior in the Mortal Martial Realm.

More than an hour had passed and the Magical corruption gas had entered the Demon and Devil Sinkhole. The moment Chen Xiang stopped using the Hell’s Tornado, those experts immediately flew up into the air and released a strong barrier that sealed the terrifying Sky Cavern. Han Lie of the Fire Divine Palace also joined in.

"The Great War between Three Realms is coming, when the time comes, this place will become the main battlefield, we have to hurry!" Gu Dongchen looked at the Great Devil Mountains that was filled with death aura, after this matter, everyone would be more cautious, they exchanged greetings, and then left. They were all busy with cultivation of the Devil Subduing Method, and this was their trump card against the demons.

Liu Meng’er glanced at Chen Xiang and she could finally rest easy.

After everyone had left, Gu Dongchen took out his flying discs and flew back to the Super Martial School with Wu Kaiming and.

"I’ve stayed in that damned place for almost two years. Fortunately, Tai Hong this guy was killed along with some powerful Devil Cultivator, so I don’t have to focus so much on him!" Gu Dongchen said.

Wu Kaiming laughed: "Junior Martial Uncle is truly amazing, you have truly made a name for yourself! When we came out, we had already arranged for people to take care of the Super Martial School, so it shouldn’t be too messy. "

Wu Kaiming and Gu Dongchen would sometimes go into seclusion at the same time for many days, so the elders of Super Martial School were already used to this kind of thing, so they were not too worried. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

However, when they returned to the Heaven Door City, they discovered that there were more people than usual. There were even some strangely dressed people walking up and down the streets.

At a glance, there were still some traces of a battle. The houses were in ruins and the streets were in ruins.

"Damn it, this is a city right under the nose of the Super Martial School, how did it become so chaotic?" Gu Dongchen was furious, this must have happened because someone came to cause trouble. Since the creation of the Heaven Door City, such a thing had never happened.