Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Dongfang Jing was indeed a very simple and kind girl. Even though she was no longer a girl, her brain was like a little girl of a few years old.

"My elder brother will not lie to me. My elder brother is a good person, my second brother is a scoundrel, so I don’t trust my second brother, and even more so, I don’t trust a scoundrel like you." Dongfang Jing tightly held onto her ample chest and shrunk into the water. Her bitter and jade face was filled with bashfulness and anger, and her not crying out loud had already surprised Chen Xiang.

"Since you said I’m a bad guy, what do you think I should do to you now?" Chen Xiang’s face was filled with an evil and evil smile, causing Dongfang Jing’s heart to jump, filled with fear. Although she was simple, she knew a few things about relationships between men and women.

"Take it. If I were a bad guy, I would have eaten you to the point that not even your bones would remain." Chen Xiang threw the little beauty’s ring over.

This came as a great shock to Dongfang Jing. After she received the ring, she innocently shouted: "Turn around, I want to put on some clothes."

Chen Xiang now understood why the Dongfang family did not allow this little idiot to run around. A little fool like this could even trick her into going around in circles.

He let out a helpless sigh, then turned around and was about to leave the pool.

"Sigh... Wait, thank you for returning the storage ring to me. " This nearly made Chen Xiang fall to the ground. This ring was originally hers, giving it back was a given, yet she actually thanked others.

Chen Xiang turned his head, just as he was about to say "no need to be courteous", he saw this little beauty wiping off the water on her body with a piece of cloth. The cloth just happened to graze her plump breasts, pushing out the blush on the snow peak, causing Chen Xiang to almost spurt out blood from his nose.

"Ah!" With a scream, it pierced through the clouds!

"You ... You. Woo woo ... * You saw it. You’re a bad guy. "Woo woo ..."

But when she started crying, she rubbed her eyes, leaving the eyes of the Snow Rabbit in front of Chen Xiang, whose chest was radiating spring light, exposed. As she sobbed, the snow white and beautiful rabbit suddenly trembled, bringing about a burst of ambiguous spring waves, causing people to be captivated by her tears.

Chen Xiang didn’t know what to do. He wanted to say, "Actually I saw it long ago", but he knew that if he said it out loud, this idiot would cry even harder.

"Wear your clothes quickly, or else I’ll see you all!" Just at this time, Long Xueyi model Chen Xiang’s voice sounded out, and after Dongfang Jing heard it, his face flushed red, and anxiously used his clothes to cover his body.

Chen Xiang was truly speechless. If it was a normal woman, she would have definitely dressed as quickly as possible, but this little idiot was still slowly wiping the water droplets on her body.

"Take it. Consider it my compensation." Chen Xiang took out a few sets of beautiful dresses and a few pairs of shoes. These were all carefully selected from within the Sacred Dan Realm and were all made by hand and the materials were all rare and beautiful.

As expected, the little idiot was quickly attracted by the beautiful clothes and hurriedly took them over, while sobbing as he rummaged through the clothes and shoes. If it wasn’t for Chen Xiang here, she might have immediately changed to try.

"Sorry, I didn’t do it on purpose. Just pretend that what happened today never happened. Are you satisfied with the clothes?" Chen Xiang sincerely apologized.

The little beauty’s eyes were still filled with tears. After she wiped them clean, she said in a gentle and sweet voice, "You can’t tell anyone else, or else I won’t be able to protect my reputation. Also ... "Thank you for the clothes you gave me."

Chen Xiang laughed: "Then am I still a bad guy?"

Dongfang Jing thought seriously for a while, then shook his head: "You’re not a bad guy, but you’re still a little bad. You’re a bad guy!"

This made Long Xueyi and Su Meiyao, who were inside the ring, "puchi" laugh.

"In the future, you have to be careful not to run around alone. You also met me, so if you met anyone else, you would have been tricked long ago. I’ll return to the city." Chen Xiang originally wanted to leave immediately, but he could not bear to do so.

Dongfang Jing nodded his head, then tidied up his clothes. Just like that, the innocent little beauty followed this little scoundrel out of the forest, without a shred of vigilance. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

This kind of idiot was something that could only be encountered once every ten thousand years, but today, it was met by Chen Xiang.

"Jingjing, don’t tell your brother that I’ve come to find you. If there’s anything about me, don’t say anything. Even if your brother sees through it, you still have to remain silent. Do you understand?" Chen Xiang said very seriously.

The little beauty nodded seriously and said, "I won’t say anything. I can definitely do what I’ve promised."

"I really don’t understand. How did you cultivate to such an extent?" Chen Xiang sighed, with this kind of brain, being able to become a warrior of the Hundred refining realm was truly baffling.

A lot of people say this about me, but as long as I train according to the rules, my Innate Qi can be increased. Furthermore, during the competition, I can also judge based on the opponent’s martial skills and then fight back. I’m not stupid, even big brother is not my opponent, so why is it that so many people always call me stupid? The little beauty said while feeling wronged, she played with the beautiful accessory that Chen Xiang gave her.

This caused Chen Xiang to find it hard to believe that Young Master Dongfang was not a match for this stupid girl!

Not long after exiting the forest, they arrived at Heavenly Emperor City.

"I won’t be going into the city. Take this, if someone asks you, just say you picked it up. This is my gift to you, it can only be eaten by you, and is for your survival. " Chen Xiang gave the stupid beauty a small jade box.

When Dongfang Jing opened the jade box, a rich medicinal fragrance wafted out. Two pills were shining brightly, lying inside the jade box.

"This is ..." This is the Relive Dan! " The little beauty’s beautiful eyes widened.

"Cover it quickly and put it away!" Chen Xiang urged.

"This item is very expensive, I can’t take it!" Dongfang Jing pouted and said, he was determined to return the Relive Dan back to Chen Xiang.

"Take it. This is compensation that I’ve given you. I feel ashamed for you. Keep it, or else I will feel very uncomfortable." Chen Xiang said with a serious face.

"You really are a good person." Dongfang Jing revealed a sweet smile to Chen Xiang.

"I’m a good person to begin with, so don’t pretend to be me next time. This is a very dangerous thing to do." Chen Xiang warned.

Dongfang Jing nodded, then skipped away.

"It’s such a pity if we don’t trick a little fool like him into leaving." Chen Xiang was the one who gave Su Meiyao those two Relive Dan. There weren’t many girls who were innocent, and it made people feel tender towards him.

After Dongfang Jing left, Chen Xiang turned into a normal looking middle-aged man, walking into the Heavenly Emperor City. He wanted to see how the Profound Dragon Tower would react after it was destroyed.