The Xuanlong Tower was a place that specialized in selling ancient arts and crafts. It was a place that specialized in antiques and was reserved for aristocrats to show off. It was one of the Dongfang family’s big properties, but now it was filled with crushed ice.

The Xuan Dragon Pagoda had been struck by the ice dragon, and had congealed into ice. Then, it suffered from the huge impact and was shattered into pieces. This caused the Dongfang family to suffer heavy losses.

However, the Eastern profound Realm was in a mess because the spirit energy inside was slowly decreasing. This was because Chen Xiang had taken away the Vermillion Bird’s corpse that was hidden deep underground, causing the spirit energy source to disappear.

Chen Xiang reckoned that in a short while, the Eastern profound Realm would disappear without a trace without the support of a large amount of energy.

The ambitious Dongfang family had no choice but to restrain themselves and resolve the clan’s internal affairs. Although they were stopped by the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, they still occupied the mines and plunder resources everywhere, making many forces angry, but they didn’t dare to say anything.

"It has already sealed off the entire city, I never thought that Chen Xiang would have such guts, with a bounty of 10 billion bounty, he still dares to come to Sky Emperor City to cause trouble, and even destroyed Xuanyuan Dragon Tower, no wonder he dares to kill Dongfang Yao."

"Seems like Young Master Dongfang is not his opponent, no matter what, Chen Xiang is still someone after all. He destroyed the Dragon Pagoda, this is clearly slapping Dong Fang Clan hard in the face."

"I wonder how the Dongfang family is feeling right now?"

Chen Xiang was in a teahouse, sipping tea while looking at the entrance of the huge palace in the distance. Through the Heaven tour method, he could see that many strong people were entering the Eastern profound Realm s in batches.

If he wanted to know what happened inside, it was extremely simple for Chen Xiang. With a shake of his body, he changed back to Dongfang Rong, entered the palace, and then entered the Eastern profound Realm from the palace.

A lot of people were gathered inside, and they were all gathered at the same plaza. Once Chen Xiang arrived, he was questioned loudly by a burly man: "Dong Fang Rong, where did you go? You guys are going to be blamed for such a big thing that happened. "

This man was the leader of the patrol, a member of the Nirvana Stage. At this moment, all the captains of the patrol teams were here, along with many of the Dongfang family’s higher ups as well as the big bosses who were leading troops.

"It was the Warm Moon elder who asked me to go out and inquire about some things." Chen Xiang anxiously said, then Dongfang Xinyue said that she would ensure that he would be alright.

When the captain heard that it was the Warm Moon Elders who called him to do some work, he did not ask any further questions. Although the Warm Moon Elders rarely went out and usually looked very gentle, they were all over the place and even those old fellows were afraid.

Chen Xiang saw that little fool Dongfang Jing, and she obediently followed behind a man who had a long beard and looked mature and stable. This man was somewhat similar to Dongfang Yao, and this was the big brother Dongfang Jing had mentioned before.

It was an old man who had walked onto the high platform. He was the grand elder of the Dongfang family, the boss of the group of elders. He had been competing with the Dongfang family’s patriarch for power.

In the past when they were gathered, the one who spoke was the patriarch, and now it was the Great Clan Elder. Chen Xiang was secretly surprised, this showed that the patriarch had already lost his power.

"To make a long story short, I will only say two things. First, go all out to hunt down Chen Xiang, the great enemy of the Dongfang family, and actually destroy our important property. Secondly, a traitor has appeared in our Dongfang family. Dongfang Xinyue actually snatched away our spiritual energy life vein under our Eastern profound Realm and caused it to weaken every day. This is the great traitor of our Dongfang family. "" No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no ...

"These two things are the shame of our Dongfang family. The Patriarch is the younger brother of the traitor Dongfang Xinyue, so after discussion with our clan elders, we decided to temporarily annul his position as the Family Patriarch, until he captures Dongfang Xinyue and brings him back. Finally, everyone go back and pack up. We are preparing to move out of Eastern profound Realm. "

Chen Xiang was shocked, and everyone started to discuss amongst themselves. They knew that it was rare for Dongfang Xinyue to leave the Eastern profound Realm, so he had escaped.

Dongfang Xinyue was an expert in smithing arrays, it was normal for him to steal the Spiritual Qi from the Lifeline. These people were all lunatics, in order to achieve their goals, there was nothing that they couldn’t do.

But Chen Xiang didn’t think that he would actually hurt this beauty’s life, making her into a criminal within the family, and making her carry the title of a traitor.

"Next, let the Second Elder speak of the matters that he should pay attention to during the migration as well as the person in charge ..."

Chen Xiang grew impatient when he heard it, and stealthily left, turning into a small butterfly, then flew around. At the same time, many buildings were set on fire, and the fire seeds condensed by the Heaven fire, if it was a normal rock, would all be ignited.

"What are you carrying around for? I’ll help you burn the fire. You guys can just leave." Chen Xiang laughed in his heart. He loved to set things on fire the most, and it was to the point that he would burn down the base of the number one power in this new world.

Although this would not weaken the Dongfang family’s strength, it would still make them angry for a long time.

Just as the Second Elder finished speaking, with a thought from Chen Xiang, those flames he buried everywhere started to burn. In just a few moments, all the houses in the Eastern profound Realm were engulfed in raging flames, and cries came from everywhere.

Chen Xiang had long since left the Eastern profound Realm. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

After strolling in the Heavenly Emperor City for a few days, Chen Xiang realised that the medicine stores here were all like the Mortal Martial Realm s back in the day, they were all left for him to sell and they were all extremely expensive. He was extremely disappointed and could only return to the Super Martial School since he had already obtained the Vermillion Bird’s remains.

-------- Within the Super Martial School, a few guests came. The moment Chen Xiang returned to the Super Martial School, he was received into the guest hall, and after walking in for a look, he saw a few very familiar faces.

One was the little fool Dongfang Jing, then Dongfang profoundlong, and finally, a handsome middle-aged man with an extraordinary bearing, dressed in gorgeous red clothes, which was also the Dongfang Family’s patriarch, Dongfang Chaoqun!

After Dongfang Jing saw Chen Xiang, she immediately lowered her head, and did not dare to look straight into Chen Xiang’s eyes, afraid that others would find out that she was acquainted with Chen Xiang.

"Yoh, aren’t these the fellows who placed bounty on me? They actually came here, and want to take my head for themselves?" and Wu Kaiming were both here, so when they saw Chen Xiang, they had no choice but to get up and pay their respects to him.

"Junior Martial Uncle!"

"No need to be so polite." Chen Xiang raised his hand, his voice light.

How could Dongfang Chaoqun not know the power of Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming? As the patriarch of the Dongfang family, he was very strong, but he didn’t expect the two leaders of the Super Martial School to be so respectful to this brat. Now, he understood that even if the bounty was ten billion, there wouldn’t be many people who could successfully take Chen Xiang’s life.