Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Only the people from the Dongfang family knew about this Dongfang family’s Patriarch. He was so humiliated that he was kicked off his seat casually. No one listened to him, but the outsiders felt that this Dongfang family’s Patriarch was very powerful and honorable.

"If you are here because of the matter of the Profound Dragon Tower, then please return. None at all! If it’s for that Dongfang Yao, you will all be disappointed. His death has nothing to do with it at all. It’s just that I offended that bullshit God, so he intentionally slandered me. But now that the God Child has been slaughtered by me and I have no proof, I know that it’s hard to prove what I just said. "

Chen Xiang slowly said without waiting for the other party to speak. This made Dongfang Chaoqun think of a lot of things that would happen if he were to die.

Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming were both secretly surprised. Chen Xiang had been offered a bounty by someone else, but he still dared to go to someone’s territory and destroy an expensive tower. This kind of person could do such a thing no matter what world he was in.

"You said everything. That’s right, we came here for the matter of the Dragon Tower and Dongfang Yao. Since you said it like that, it seems like we can’t pursue it." Dongfang Chaoqun stood up and said seriously: "Even though I am still the patriarch of the Dong Fang Clan, I do not have any power. The person in charge of the Dong Fang Clan now will not put the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace in his eyes.

After Dongfang Chaoqun brought his children and left, Chen Xiang’s expression became serious. The reason the Great Clan Elder of Dong Fang Clan wanted to capture him was to find an excuse to attack the Chen Martial Continent, because this was one of the strongest powers in the Mortal Martial Realm, and there were even Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu s amongst them.

Chen Xiang suddenly understood why the Dong Fang Clan wanted to capture him. It was because of the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, and Huang Jintian was inside, that was why they had to find all sorts of excuses.

"What happened to the Dongfang family?" After Gu Dongchen sent him off, he returned to the living room.

Chen Xiang said: "That Big Sister Dongfang Chaoqun was seen as a traitor. After that, the elders joined hands and kicked the Patriarch off the stage. They wanted Dongfang Chaoqun to capture his Big Sister, but it seems impossible."

"Looks like it won’t be long before the Dong Fang Clan’s army arrives here. They are here for the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu."

The Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu had long ago caused a wave of bloody rain in the Mortal Martial Realm, but it was dissolved by Chen Xiang later on, because he helped many powers find the martial skills left behind by their ancestors. Now it was different, because this was a new world. After hearing that there was such an unrivalled divine technique, who wouldn’t want to snatch it away?

"Dongfang Chaoqun, I never thought that you would also be a traitor, to actually come all the way here, what exactly are your intentions?" Suddenly, an angry voice resonated above Super Martial School, causing Chen Xiang and the others to become serious.

"It’s the grand elder of the Dongfang family." Chen Xiang immediately stood up and left the hall.

Gu Dongchen and Chen Xiang walked towards the door together, while Wu Kaiming went to call the head of the Super Martial School over.

The people of the Dongfang family had actually arrived so quickly, and it was even a large group of people who used the Transmission array to teleport to the entrance of the Super Martial School.

A powerful Qi came out, Chen Xiang anxiously shouted: "Someone has attacked!"

Arriving at the door, Dongfang Chaoqun’s face was ugly, blood trickling down from the corner of his mouth, he held onto his stomach with one hand as he stared at the Great Clan Elder coldly.

"Dongfang Lingyun, you are ruthless enough!" Dongfang Chaoqun was actually struck by the Great Clan Elder.

"Father, are you alright?" Dongfang Jing’s face was full of worry as she held her father.

"You are a traitor to the Dongfang family, you siblings as well. This is the only way to deal with traitors." Dongfang Lingyun’s old face was full of malice. As the Great Clan Elder, in order to stabilize his authority in the Dongfang family, he had to get rid of Dongfang Chaoqun and Dongfang Xinyue, the two powerful siblings.

The main gate of the Super Martial School was guarded by dozens of powerful Nirvana Stage, led by Dongfang Lingyun. This was the first time in many years that the Super Martial School had been attacked by enemies in such a way.

"Jingjing, I’m fine!" After Dongfang Chaoqun finished speaking, he spat out another large mouthful of blood.

"Traitor!" Just then, Dongfang profoundlong’s quick sword stabbed out, piercing into Dongfang Chaoqun’s chest, coming out from his body.

His son had tried to assassinate his father! This shocked Chen Xiang and the others, and it was a ruthless strike from behind!

"Son of a bitch!" Angry, Dongfang Chaoqun smashed a palm towards his own son, but was blocked by the Great Elder Dongfang Lingyun.

"Even your son thinks you’re a traitor, haha ..." Dongfang Lingyun laughed.

Dongfang Jing’s eyes were filled with tears, and he shouted loudly: "You are not my big brother, you are a big scoundrel, you attacked Daddy!"

With one glance, Chen Xiang could tell that this Dongfang profoundlong had already sold out his father. Otherwise, his father wouldn’t have been captured the moment he left the Super Martial School, led by the Great Clan Elder. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

As Dongfang Lingyun laughed, he gave Dongfang Chaoqun another ruthless palm, sending him flying back, crashing into the wall next to the door.

Now that Dongfang Lingyun had fulfilled his wish, he could reasonably eliminate the Patriarch, and Dongfang profoundlong, who sold his father, stood behind the Great Clan Elder with a sinister smile.

Tears rolled down Dongfang Jing’s face. She saw that after her father was heavily injured, she no longer cared about the promise she had made to Chen Xiang. She took out a Relive Dan and placed it in Dongfang Chaoqun’s mouth.

This caused Dongfang Lingyun and the others to be extremely shocked, this Relive Dan was also a precious object in their eyes, but this little girl actually had two of them.

Dongfang Lingyun’s eyes were hot, his old face was full of jealousy, but just as he was about to take action and snatch the stone away, Gu Dongchen spoke out.

"This is my Super Martial School’s territory, try attacking again!" Gu Dongchen’s voice was filled with anger. At this time, he sympathized with Dongfang Chaoqun a lot, especially when his own son stabbed him with a sword.

"Hmph, other people might be afraid of your Super Martial School, but our Dongfang family isn’t. This little girl stole our Dongfang family’s precious pills, I just want to get it back." Dongfang Lingyun said loudly.

Chen Xiang had seen many shameless people, but this was the first time he saw such a shameless person.

"What right do you have to say that the Relive Dan belongs to your Dongfang family?" Chen Xiang asked with a sneer, while at the same time, many experts from the Super Martial School arrived at the door one after another.

"Hmph, she is just a little girl. Besides stealing, where else can she get her hands on?" Dongfang Lingyun didn’t dare act rashly, if they continued to fight, they would suffer heavy losses. He didn’t expect that there would be so many powerful warriors hiding in Super Martial School.

"Can’t I give it to her?" Chen Xiang sneered.

"Haha ..." With just you? You are willing to give the Relive Dan to this girl? Although you may have had an affair, who would believe such a lie? " Dongfang Lingyun laughed, and the other experts behind him all mocked him.

"He gave it to me. He gave me two pills." When Dongfang Jing saw that her father had recovered, she wiped her tears and shouted.

"Haha ..." Dongfang Lingyun laughed out loud, "This silly girl has actually learnt to lie. I think it was you who stole it from our Dongfang Family."

Chen Xiang shook his head and sighed: "Isn’t it just Relive Dan? I have a bunch, if you don’t believe me, you can look! "

With that, Chen Xiang took out a jade box. He opened it, and the medicinal fragrance rushed out like a storm.