Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The materials needed to refine a Relive Dan were equally rare. Even if there were materials, it was hard to say if it would succeed. But inside Chen Xiang’s jade box, there were at least a hundred or so Relive Dan. With so many of them, those old fellows of the Dongfang family had greedy eyes as they looked at Chen Xiang, wanting to snatch them away.

"Have you not seen the Relive Dan before?" Chen Xiang laughed and kept the box.

It was true that they had seen Relive Dan before, but it was still the first time that they had seen so many Relive Dan, and it was also the same for Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming. Fortunately, the people who had seen so many Relive Dan were their Junior Masters, so they were not afraid that they would not be able to find them in the future. Of course, to buy the Relive Dan from Chen Xiang, he had to pay a huge price.

Dongfang Jing, I never thought that you stupid girl would also do something like betraying the Dong Fang Clan. From today on, you two will no longer be people of our Dong Fang Clan. " Dongfang Lingyun said coldly, but in his heart, he was thinking about Chen Xiang’s box of Relive Dan.

After Dongfang Chaoqun ate the Relive Dan, he quickly recovered. The effects of the Relive Dan were really strong, such a strong expert was hit twice, after being heavily injured and falling to the ground, he ate one pill and stood up on the spot!

And Chen Xiang had a big box of these!

Dongfang Chaoqun understood his own daughter very well, he had never expected that Chen Xiang would secretly come and visit his daughter from the way Dongfang Jing looked at him. Moreover, their relationship was close to each other, if not, he would not have gifted her two Relive Dan s. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

From the eyes of the many experts, Chen Xiang could understand the power of a Alchemist.

Chen Xiang took out a Relive Dan and tossed it in his hands, not putting this incomparably precious Relive Dan in his eyes at all.

"What the hell are you guys doing here? The Dongfang Imperial Clan’s Clan Chief is here to get even with me. We are all people with status, so he actually dared to openly walk in here to discuss this matter with me. However, in the end, they were not able to come to an agreement and were slandered as a traitor by you all. From what I see, you all want to get rid of him a long time ago. " Chen Xiang sneered, he gently waved his hand and threw the Relive Dan towards Dongfang Jing, accurately throwing it onto the little idiot beauty’s jade hand.

Dongfang Jing stopped and placed the Relive Dan into the box, causing many old fellows to want to scold him. Since when was the Relive Dan so low, to actually be casually toyed with and given to others as a gift? Back then, when they were crossing Nirvana Doom, it could be said that they were begging everywhere for pills like dogs.

"Dongfang Lingyun, the reason why I worried about you previously was because my sons and daughters being plotted against by you, but now ... "Hmph, you and I will not rest until we are dead. We will fight to the death and I will take revenge for today!" Dongfang Chaoqun’s voice was filled with grief and indignation. He looked at his own son, who was the one who made him the most furious, he was actually stabbed in the back by his own son.

There were indeed a lot of people from the Dongfang family. Very quickly, another group arrived, and they were all from the Nirvana Stage. They were all very powerful, and this made Dongfang Lingyun even more confident.

These people were experts from other continents, and they all belonged to the Dongfang family. They were experts from the other continents that were occupied by the Dongfang family.

"What do you want?" Gu Dongchen took a step forward, his voice was like thunder, full of anger. With so many people surrounding the entrance of Super Martial School, what else could they do?

This Dongfang Lingyun actually wanted to take down the Super Martial School by force.

"Hmph, Super Martial School colluded with us, the traitors of the Dongfang family, in order to harm our family. We are just trying to take the initiative, kill him and capture Chen Xiang alive." Dongfang Lingyun roared.

Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming both never thought that Dongfang Lingyun would actually make a move like that.

In fact, Dongfang Lingyun had also been attracted by Chen Xiang’s box of Relive Dan. He felt that the Relive Dan in Chen Xiang’s hands was simply a expense.

"Hmph, where did this bastard come from? Don’t think that just because you have more people, that is already amazing! " An angry voice suddenly resounded like a clap of thunder. That strong pressure made everyone involuntarily bend their knees.

Dongfang Lingyun and the rest of the more than a hundred Nirvana Stage warriors were under an even greater pressure. Some of them even spat out a mouthful of blood and kneeled down, while Dongfang Lingyun laid on the ground, howling under the extremely violent pressure.

"As long as I, Huang Jintian, am still alive, don’t even think about making a move on Super Martial School. Today, I will temporarily spare your dog lives. Your dog lives will be taken by my Super Martial School’s younger generation, get lost now." Huang Jintian’s crazed and furious voice shook this group of Rankers who thought that they were invincible, causing them to vomit blood frantically. They were extremely frightened, there was actually such a strong person in Super Martial School.

"Chen Xiang, get your ass in here right now! Why haven’t you come to see me!" Huang Jintian shouted again. Originally, Chen Xiang wanted to pull out his blade and chop off all the old fellows of the Dongfang family, but he didn’t expect that when Huang Jintian withdrew his strength, that group of people immediately ran away.

"Junior Martial Uncle, take care!" Gu Dongchen patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder. Wu Kaiming also looked at him with sympathy.

Huang Jintian was extremely angry. If Chen Xiang went to see him now, it would be equivalent to looking for a beating.

Chen Xiang’s face was bitter as he ran towards Super Martial profound Realm.

------ Blood-curdling screams echoed in the sky ditch of the Super Martial profound Realm’s forbidden ground. This was naturally Chen Xiang’s scream.

The moment he came down, without saying a word, Huang Jintian started to refine everything on him. Chen Xiang refused to admit defeat. After fighting with Huang Jintian for a few moves, he had used all his strength to gain the upper hand and thus felt complacent. However, he never thought that Huang Jintian would go against his principles and increase his strength.

After Huang Jintian finished testing his strength, although he did not say anything on the surface, he was still extremely surprised. This was because every time Chen Xiang came down, he would always feel pleasantly surprised.

"Brat, what’s going on outside? Have you caused trouble for the Super Martial School? You are just like your eldest senior brother, you only know how to cause trouble all day. " Huang Jintian reprimanded.

Chen Xiang muttered: "When you were young, you were still like a bird."

"I am me. I can solve all the troubles I cause by myself. Your senior brother has always wanted me to wipe his butt." Huang Jintian knocked on Chen Xiang’s head fiercely, "Hurry and tell me, what kind of trouble did you cause to make such a large group of people run to the door to shout and fight."

Chen Xiang felt extremely wronged. He really didn’t want to cause this trouble, so he immediately told them about the new world and Dongfang Lingyun’s ambitions.

After saying that, Huang Jintian fiercely knocked Chen Xiang on the head again. "Such a huge thing happened two years ago, you f * cking only told me now."

"This ..." Chen Xiang had no choice but to tell Huang Jintian about the Demon and Devil Sinkhole, in case this crazy old man decided to go overboard. At the very least, he would be tormented for a year.