Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Damn it, how can we defend ourselves against such a mess?" "There’s even a bunch of Ambition dogs." Huang Jintian’s expression became heavy: "You have to increase your strength quickly, at the very least you have to pass through the Nirvana Doom and enter the Nirvana Stage, if not you will hide here with me."

Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "I’m not hiding, I have already trained my Devil Subduing Method to the great perfection stage."

"Hmph, you are indeed quite capable. Although I have reconstructed those mental cultivation methods, I am still unable to successfully refine them. Looks like they are the same as the Devil-suppressing kungfu. It’s hard to cultivate them!" Huang Jintian was upset. He was actually not able to learn a martial arts that his disciple could, this made him very unhappy.

Because of the incident with the Devil Subduing Method, Huang Jintian’s mood was suddenly very bad. After sending Chen Xiang away in an extremely crude manner, he began cultivating.

After Chen Xiang came up, a day had already passed since that incident, and Dongfang Lingyun didn’t dare to have any thoughts about Super Martial School anymore. If it wasn’t for Huang Jintian leaving their lives in the hands of the Super Martial School’s younger generation, all of their hundred people would have probably died in front of the Super Martial School’s doorstep.

There could only be one explanation for such power, and that was the power of an immortal! Moreover, he was not a normal Immortal!

"Junior Martial Uncle, you look pretty good!" Gu Dongchen said with a smile.

"Not bad, your head. I almost went crazy down there. Oh right, what about the Dongfang father and daughter? " Chen Xiang asked.

"She left. That little girl also gave you a letter." Gu Dongchen passed the letter to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang sighed, opened it and written a beautiful word on it.

Thank you, Chen Xiang, for giving me such a precious pill, and even helping me and Daddy to get out of danger. Daddy and I will hide away and improve our strength, and someday, we will definitely return to the Dongfang family to take revenge.

"This little fool, take care!" Chen Xiang laughed and kept the letter.

"Little martial uncle, your hands are so long. How could you reach the Dongfang family so quickly and capture this innocent little girl’s heart?" Gu Dongchen laughed, he admired Chen Xiang from the bottom of his heart, the Dongfang family had only just raised the bounty, yet Chen Xiang had gone there to get along with the daughter of the Dongfang family’s patriarch.

Chen Xiang glanced at him: "Go to the side, do you believe that I, Junior Master, will smash you to death with my Relive Dan!"

Speaking of the Relive Dan, Gu Dongchen immediately became excited: "Junior Martial Uncle, where did you get it from?"

Back then, when Chen Xiang was in Sacred Dan Realm, he had already known beforehand and brought back a large amount of high level pellets. Now, there was already a very obvious benefit to it.

"Don’t ask too much. When I’m in a good mood, come talk to me about this matter. I just came back from the old lunatic’s place, so I’m in a very bad mood." Chen Xiang snorted, and walked out of the Super Martial profound Realm.

Dongfang Chaoqun was not weak either, but compared to the many powerful warriors that were gathered around Dongfang Lingyun, he was still weak. He was not stupid enough to fight Dongfang Lingyun with his life on the line, and was still quite intelligent enough to hide and develop his strength, waiting for an opportunity to strike Dongfang Lingyun ruthlessly.

It was already difficult for Chen Xiang to pull himself together after his older sister had betrayed him and lost her power. Chen Xiang was also waiting for the day that Dongfang Chaoqun would rise up, in his heart, he actually wanted to see that silly little beauty again.

Chen Xiang quietly went to Divine Weapons Heavenly Country. He wanted to find Liu Meng’er, and at the same time, look for the missing Dongfang Xinyue.

"Hehe, you don’t have to blame yourself for harming them. If it wasn’t for you, Dongfang Chaoqun wouldn’t have been able to see the faces of the people around him clearly. Su Meiyao laughed.

"That’s right, I wonder if this Dongfang Xinyue has come to find Elder Sister Meng’er." Chen Xiang took out an order badge and successfully entered the palace which was tightly guarded.

Opening the door of the quiet and refined house, Chen Xiang only saw two great beauties wearing simple white dresses, sitting on the lawn. They were frowning as they looked at a drawing that was filled with mysterious engravings.

One was Liu Meng’er, the other was obviously Dongfang Xinyue. The two girls met each other as if they knew each other, talked about everything, and quickly got to know each other. Then, they studied those profound and complex Refining treasure book s together. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Chen Xiang suddenly realised that the two looked very similar, they had the imposing aura of emperors, both had the same peerless beauty and mature charm, and they were also extremely infatuated with array dao and equipment forging.

However, when Liu Meng’er treated outsiders, he was cold and elegant, with the aura of an emperor. As for Dongfang Xinyue, no matter who he was to, he revealed an extremely natural gentleness even though he looked gentle and amiable. However, there was a faint arrogance in her demeanor that could not be seen from a thousand miles away.

"Cough, cough!" Chen Xiang coughed dryly, waking the two great beauties who were completely focused on the battle.

Seeing that Dongfang Xinyue was still in the mood to study these Spirit grain, she knew that she had not heard of the huge change in Dong Fang Clan.

Dongfang Xinyue was tricked here by Chen Xiang when he turned into Dong Fang Rong, but right now, Dongfang Xinyue did not recognize that Chen Xiang was Dong Fang Rong, but she knew that this tall and handsome, mature and steady man was the one whose bounty was placed on them by the Dong Fang Family.

"Who is she? Elder Sister Meng’er, is she your big sister or little sister? You all look alike! " Chen Xiang pretended to be surprised, with his thief eyes, he unrestrainedly looked at Dongfang Xinyue’s beautiful body, causing Liu Meng’er to secretly scold him.

"I am Dongfang Xinyue, the Dongfang Yao you killed, is my nephew!" Dongfang Xinyue said indifferently, her voice had an intoxicating gentleness, her beautiful eyes had a gentle glow in them as she looked at Chen Xiang, she blinked once, as though releasing countless electric currents.

Chen Xiang’s mind rippled, scolding the beauty, but his expression did not change, and he laughed coldly: "So you are a traitor of the Dongfang family? Your brother and you have been expelled from the Dongfang family! "

"What did you say?" Say that again! " Dongfang Xinyue’s jade face was full of anger. Her angry look was not scary at all, rather, it was a bit ... Lovely.

"Warm Moon, let him explain!" Liu Meng’er knew that Chen Xiang would not say these words for no reason, and immediately stopped him.

Chen Xiang sighed, and calmly told Dongfang Xinyue about the incident in the Dongfang family, leaving out the matter of him gifting the Relive Dan to Dongfang Jing.

In order to confirm this matter, Liu Meng’er even called for a manager elder. That elder spoke the same words as Chen Xiang, which made Dongfang Xinyue extremely angry.

"I knew that this bunch of old guys would always try to find a reason to expel us from the Dongfang family. That brat Dongfang profoundlong, for nothing, I treated him so well, and he actually sold out the entire group!" Dongfang Xinyue said in anger.

"Relive Dan, it’s even 3 pills. Kid, when did you become so rich?" Liu Meng’er rolled his eyes at Chen Xiang. His voice carried jealousy, which the angry Dongfang Xinyue could not see through.

Chen Xiang had originally omitted about this matter, but when the elder that Liu Meng’er called out spoke out, he immediately caused Liu Meng’er to roll his eyes.

"Meng’er, let’s continue studying this blueprint. I want to get stronger! I want to make those old fellows regret their actions!" Dongfang Xinyue suddenly became full of fighting spirit.

"Isn’t this drawing from my Refining treasure book?" Chen Xiang intentionally said, just now, Dongfang Xinyue did not give him a good look, and it made him feel extremely displeased. He also didn’t know why Liu Meng’er would suddenly become friends with this Dongfang Xinyue. Their relationship was so good, and they even shared such a precious Spirit grain.

"Is this yours?" Dongfang Xinyue did not know about this matter, but her attitude towards Chen Xiang had become much better, because she knew that Chen Xiang had given her three Relive Dan. When she had heard about this back then, she was shocked, too.