Chen Xiang took out two pearls that were filled with flames. These were the Heaven fire that Chen Xiang had condensed over the past two days, and they were all compressed in here by him.

"When it melts, use my flame. When you cut it, wrap it around your weapon. It should be enough for you to use it for a long time!" Chen Xiang threw the two pearls out. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

The two girls anxiously and carefully caught it. Chen Xiang’s flame was not strong, but it could melt the bones that made them feel helpless. But this flame looked very normal and nothing special. When Chen Xiang was questioned about it, he also mysteriously refused to speak of it, causing the two girls to be extremely curious.

"If the Refining treasure book find me, come find me. I will be in the Super Martial School. I will try this." Chen Xiang shook the Death-haunting arrow in his hand.

After Chen Xiang left, Dongfang Xinyue was filled with doubts: "Meng’er, the husband of your disciple is really amazing, the blade in his hand is no ordinary thing? Have you ever borrowed it? "

Dongfang Xinyue played with the Fire Gathering Pearl that Chen Xiang gave her. Although the fire inside wasn’t very strong, it could melt those bones, which made it hard for her to understand.

"Warm Moon, this brat has a lot of secrets. Although I know a little, without his permission, I cannot speak carelessly. Please forgive me." Liu Meng’er said.

Dongfang Xinyue smiled lightly: "It’s alright, hurry up and unravel the secret inside the Refining treasure book."

"This little scoundrel actually wants you to be her slave. Too bad, you have to be careful." Liu Meng’er pouted.

Dongfang Xinyue’s jade face reddened, and she nodded while laughing. "He’s indeed a bad boy.

------- Chen Xiang’s whereabouts were extremely secretive, and he had also mastered a very powerful body transformation technique. If he wanted to hide, no one would be able to find him, so he was not worried about the ten billion bounty at all.

Now that he had returned to the Heavenly Emperor City, he had even changed into that Dongfang Rong’s appearance. He was strutting about in the city, and no one would suspect him in the slightest.

The Eastern profound Realm was already sealed up, all the clan elders had been in closed doors training ever since they returned from the Super Martial School. They even stopped expanding because they knew that they were not the strongest in this new world.

Chen Xiang came back to find Dongfang profoundlong. He felt that this guy was the best candidate for the test, but he couldn’t find him.

"Captain, why are you still here?" A patrolman said in surprise when he saw Chen Xiang.

"Why can’t I be here?" Chen Xiang purposely had a gloomy face, scaring the soldier so much that he shivered.

"The appearance of a treasure light in the Continent of the King is possible because I heard that it’s the birth of a treasure. Strange flowers, strange plants, treasures, or even immortal beast s from the sky. In short, young master Dongfang has brought a group of people with him." That soldier hastily replied.

Even in this new world, the Continent of the King was the largest continent. Adding the Devil-subduing College, Fire Divine Palace and the Vein Martial Cultivators above, these three powers made the Continent of the King very famous.

Chen Xiang had been staying with the two beauties for the past two days so he naturally did not know anything about what was happening outside. After hearing the news, he hurriedly passed through the Transmission array and arrived at Continent of the King.

The Fire Divine Palace was originally very famous in other worlds, and there were also many branch halls. After all the worlds had been fused together, the Devil-subduing College and the Fire Divine Palace would become the headquarters, and the frequency of using the Transmission array was also the highest.

There were people everywhere from the Fire Divine Palace to the Devil-subduing College, especially a lot of people from the Devil-subduing College, because even if they joined other sects, they could still enter the Devil-subduing College to learn the Demon Subduing Martial Arts, so they had the largest number of people. Adding the fact that the Great War between Three Realms was about to arrive, even some of the Nirvana Stage were shamelessly staying in the academy with a group of brats to listen to their teacher and learn the Demon Subduing Martial Arts.

It was not easy for them to plunder the Fire Soul, if not for the fact that people with Fire Soul were keeping a low profile, then there would be a few strong cultivators. There were many refiners in the Alchemist, and if they dared to act recklessly right now, it would be very troublesome.

was a little surprised to find that treasure light after some inquiry. It was actually in the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea, which was one of the great dangers of the Continent of the King. When he and Hua Xiangyue had first entered, he had encountered a great danger.

"There is a Super Old Sacred Land inside there, and there is a dragon inside the Super Old Sacred Land! However, even if that dragon comes out, there’s nothing to be afraid of. With this many experts in this new world, this dragon will be the safest to hide in. " Chen Xiang laughed: "As expected, numbers make more strength."

The most frightening thing in the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea was not the Xue Lei Beastmen and Xue Lei Beasts that were filled with poison, but the type of Xue Lei that was everywhere without any pattern, to the point where even the Nirvana Stage was afraid of them.

If it was in the past, Chen Xiang would probably be worried, but now, he had nothing to be afraid of, his body was so strong, he still wanted to give the Xue Lei a hack to see how strong it was.

Because a treasure light had appeared in the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea, a Transmission array had been established in the City of the King. Even without the Transmission array, Chen Xiang could use that Luotian Gate to directly go to the center of the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea.

As for him, he was only here to test the Death-haunting arrow. At the same time, he wanted to see what other powerful people were inside.

The sky above the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea was filled with dense lightning bolts that rained down like a torrential rain, enveloping the entire Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea. Many people had set up tents outside the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea, waiting for the "lightning rain" to end before entering to investigate what was happening.

Amongst the crowd, Chen Xiang suddenly caught a glimpse of a very shiny bald head, flashing along with the blood lightning in the distance.

Chen Xiang squeezed through the crowd and came to the side of the bald man. One look and sure enough, it was Xiao Chou.

Many people were watching the countless red lightning bolts in the sky, hoping to disappear quickly, and it was an extremely spectacular sight, so when everyone was watching, Chen Xiang suddenly extended his hand and patted Xiao Chou’s little bald head hard.

Xiao Chou was enraged, he turned his head and roared: "Who dares to hit me!"

The crowd looked at each other. Chen Xiang had acted extremely quickly, and no one could see who moved the hand. Moreover, no one could hear the sound of the claps of thunder in the distance.

Chen Xiang had already become that Dong Fang Rong, and even his aura was extremely real, of course Xiao Chou wouldn’t be able to recognize him. Seeing the young man’s bald head looking angry, but having no place to vent it out, Chen Xiang couldn’t hold back his laughter.

Xiao Chou clenched his fists tightly and glared at everyone. After being taught by Chen Xiang, he had become extremely obedient, if it was the past, the people around him would have all been beaten to the point of looking for teeth, with bruises all over.

The moment Xiao Chou turned around, when he wasn’t paying attention, Chen Xiang’s hand flashed like lightning and fiercely slapped that shiny bald head.

"Who the f * * k hit my head? Come out if you have the guts. Don’t sneak around!" Xiao Chou roared again, causing Chen Xiang to almost laugh out loud. However, Long Xueyi had already laughed to the point where he had no heart and no lungs.

Everyone felt Xiao Chou’s terrifying aura and inwardly, they were angry. Who would use such a childish method to tease the bald youth?