Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In order to prevent Xiao Chou’s anger from burning into his body, everyone scattered.

Xiao Chou scratched his head, and turned to look at the people around him. His eyes that was brimming with anger, stared straight at everyone’s face, he wanted to find out who the suspect was from the crowd and be toyed with like that, in his eyes, was an insult.

"Baldy, look here!" Chen Xiang suddenly came to his back, and then fiercely slapped that bright skull.

"Bastard, I’ll kill you!" Xiao Chou saw who it was and shouted loudly, throwing a punch at Chen Xiang, but Chen Xiang surprisingly dodged it. After that, he quickly passed by Xiao Chou and slapped him.

Chen Xiang laughed: "Damn baldy, how can you be so powerful!"

Xiao Chou was enraged, he stomped his feet fiercely, causing the ground to shake. Everyone was startled and quickly retreated, they could see that a battle was about to break out.

Chen Xiang’s feet slipped, but he did not rush towards Xiao Chou, instead, he ran towards the side.

"Coward, don’t run!" Xiao Chou roared and chased closely after him. No one expected the bald youth to be so powerful, he looked young, but his voice was loud and his strength was strong.

Chen Xiang changed back into his original form as he ran. He only stopped when he entered a forest and turned around when he saw Xiao Chou’s strong and violent fist flying towards him.

Chen Xiang grabbed onto the fist, the powerful force exploding outwards, but was dissolved by Chen Xiang’s Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu.

"Master!" Seeing that it was Chen Xiang, Xiao Chou curled his lips: "I should have long thought that you’re the only one who would be so bored."

"Little baldy, your baldy is too eye-catching. I can’t help but want to hit him!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Why did you come here to join in the fun?"

Xiao Chou rolled his eyes: "I’m here to gain experience, master, didn’t you come as well?" VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I’m here to hunt." Chen Xiang laughed.

"What hunt?" Xiao Chou knew that by following Chen Xiang, he could always do some very exciting things.

"Are you afraid to enter the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea right now?" Chen Xiang smiled slightly.

"We’ll leave then!" Of course Xiao Chou wasn’t afraid, what’s more, there was still Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang brought Xiao Chou and walked into the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea that was filled with red lightning. There were countless gigantic mountains inside, and these gigantic mountains were also suffering from the attacks of lightning, but these gigantic mountains were able to absorb the lightning energy, and then channel it into the earth, allowing this entire Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea to give birth to a unique type of spirit energy. Thus, the spirit beasts inside were all very strong, as they cultivated this kind of Xue Lei energy.

Everyone did not expect the little baldy, who was shouting and fighting just now, to actually follow someone else into the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea, which was filled with terrifying Xue Lei s. Right now, it was extremely dangerous, people with normal brains would not even go in.

After entering, through his sharp senses, Chen Xiang was able to avoid the attacks of the Xue Lei. If he were to strike down, he would use the Heaven Blasting Palm to blast away the Xue Lei that was condensed with great power. The remaining Thunder power would become his energy after drilling into his body.

"Xiao Chou, how long have you been here?" Chen Xiang asked, he had come here to look for Dongfang profoundlong.

I came in very early, but I was waiting for the right time to go in, because after such a dense amount of Xue Lei appeared, there would be a lot of lightning beasts. I came in to find some lightning beasts to gain experience, so I needed to increase my strength. Xiao Chou said in a serious tone.

Right now, I am at least in the middle stage of the Hundred refining realm. You will have to go to Nirvana Stage, then wouldn’t that far surpass me? Chen Xiang exclaimed.

"Of course, I’m a rare genius in the Great Strength Race. Although Master was stronger than me before, I don’t know for sure in the future!" Xiao Chou said very naturally.

Chen Xiang patted his bald head, "I’ve gotten sick again, just you wait, I definitely won’t be outdone by you, don’t forget, I am a Alchemist!"

"I am speaking. If everything goes smoothly, it won’t take more than half a year. I am already a Great Strength Race warrior!" Xiao Chou said in an arrogant tone.

If Xiao Chou stepped into the Nirvana Stage, it would not be so simple for Chen Xiang to win. After all, the Nirvana Stage was a half-immortal cultivator, and after crossing nine tribulations, he would become a deity.

"By the way, did you see the Dongfang family come in?" Chen Xiang knew that the people of the Dongfang family were very high-profile when they were travelling, it could be seen from their clothes.

"I see. Many people from the Dongfang family, Devil-subduing College and the Fire Divine Palace have entered. Moreover, they were the earliest ones." Xiao Chou said.

The number of Xue Lei in the sky started to decrease. After more than two hours had passed, the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea had returned to its original state.

"Aooo ..." A series of beast roars echoed throughout the mountain range.

"He’s here!" Xiao Chou suddenly became agitated, while Chen Xiang was already flying, towards the direction of the voice.

Chen Xiang released the Heaven tour method, and with his fastest speed, rushed towards the direction of the roar, and very quickly, he saw a group of people surrounding and attacking a Double-headed Lion, whose body was covered in blood-red lightning aura.

The Xue Lei Double-Headed Lion is very famous in Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea. It is a type of lightning beast with a lot of breeds and is the strongest profound beast, with a lot of them.

However, that group of people were from two different forces and they were arguing right now. What surprised Chen Xiang was that one of the people on one side was from the Beast Martial School, and he even saw a beautiful figure, Yan Yanran!

From the contents of their argument, Chen Xiang knew that because they had discovered the Xue Lei Double-Headed Lion at the same time, and because they had chased it for a long time, in the end, the Xue Lei Double-Headed Lion was killed by Beast Martial School, but they did not recognize the other side.

"Brat, in a bit, it’s not a lightning beast that’s going to be hit, but a human. Prepare yourself!" Chen Xiang snickered.

"Who are you hitting?" Xiao Chou immediately became excited.

"It seems to be a disciple from the Thunder Heaven School!" Chen Xiang had never heard of Lei Tian, so he did not know how strong these disciples were.

"Thunder Heaven School! I know, it’s one of the top ten sects in the new world, ranked third! " Xiao Chou said.

"Then what is our Super Martial School’s rank?" Chen Xiang was curious.

"There’s no ranking. It seems to be the Dongfang family’s. The top ten are the Dongfang family’s first place." But this Thunder Heaven School must have some power, otherwise he would have already been scolded to death by someone with that ranking. "

"Then let’s go take a look and see how strong the third ranked sect in this new world is." Chen Xiang sneered.

There were only four people in the Beast Martial School, but there were more than ten in the Thunder Heaven School.