Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Liu Meng’er was also surprised that Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue suddenly appeared. Previously, they said that it would take a while for them to solve the secret inside the Refining treasure book.

"What are you doing here?" Liu Meng’er avoided a Xue Lei and slowly floated down to Chen Xiang’s side. Dongfang Xinyue followed closely behind, like two fairies that suddenly descended from the heavens.

"Looking for treasures! Could it be that you guys didn’t know that a precious light appeared here, and that many people came here in search of treasures? " Chen Xiang asked curiously. He had come here to watch the show, to find some powerful things to test the Death-haunting arrow, but the two beauties did not seem to know about the appearance of the treasure.

As expected, the two girls looked at each other and shook their heads.

Dongfang Xinyue said gently: "We have cracked the secrets inside the Refining treasure book and obtained a map. Then, we will go to the Continent of the King and enter the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea." DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"No wonder you all came from that direction. Could it be that the final target of the map is the center of Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea?" Chen Xiang was shocked.

Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue nodded at the same time.

"There’s a Super Old Sacred Land in the middle with a dragon sealed inside!" Chen Xiang said.

Liu Meng’er also knew that he had told her when he and Hua Xiangyue had returned from the Super Old Sacred Land.

"That Super Old Sacred Land is very big, right? The map that we got was detailed on the route inside the Super Old Sacred Land." Liu Meng’er said.

Chen Xiang shrugged his shoulders, "There’s a dragon inside. If I had the strength of all of you, I might be able to take him down.

"There’s no need for you to worry. The Warm Moon has an array disc that is specially used to deal with dragons." Liu Meng’er laughed.

"I obtained an Immemorial Dragon Subduing Formation. I refined that formation into an array disc, which can be easily used. If it’s not a critical moment, I normally do not use it because it consumes a lot of Best spar s." Dongfang Xinyue took out a snow-white disk that was as big as the table, and on it were many complicated Spirit grain s.

An array disc was a type of array formation that could move very quickly. It was a special material that was refined by an array master and used to conveniently carry around. Normally, it was very useful and powerful because there were very few materials needed to create an array disc.

"Then let’s go together. I’ve been here a few times, so I’m more familiar with this place." Chen Xiang also wanted to see what the Super Old Sacred Land was hiding.

When Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue came, they were almost struck a few times. However, Chen Xiang had come a few times, making them to believe him, but they believed him very quickly, because they saw Chen Xiang’s fist that was able to disperse and absorb the powerful blood-red light, so they were not afraid of this kind of Xue Lei at all.

Previously, Yan Yanran had said that many people who went in had gone missing. This made Chen Xiang wonder if there was a problem with the seal dragon’s array and people could go in. If that was really the case, then they would most likely be killed when they were attacked by the dragon.

After passing through the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea, Chen Xiang and the others came to the central region.

"What’s going on? Why has it changed so much? Previously, this place was filled with large trees, but now, it has become a grassland! " Chen Xiang looked around in shock. The center of the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea was a very safe place with many ancient trees that reached into the sky. This was something that Chen Xiang had seen before.

Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue quickly discovered something. They split into two different directions and walked one step at a time, looking at something on the grass before looking at the sky.

"There is indeed a very big illusion formation. It almost covers the entire center area, but this illusion formation is very ancient. Could it be an illusion formation that activates on its own?" Liu Meng’er said.

Now, Chen Xiang understood why all the people that Yan Yanran mentioned had disappeared and entered the illusion formation.

"In the middle of this illusion formation is the Super Old Sacred Land. Do you still want to enter?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course we have to go in. We’ve all come here." As Dongfang Xinyue spoke, he stepped into the illusion array and disappeared.

Chen Xiang and Liu Meng’er were shocked, they anxiously chased after him and went into the array.

"That’s what I’m familiar with." Chen Xiang finally saw those huge ancient trees.

"It’s hard to get out. Look at the back." Although Dongfang Xinyue said that, he did not look worried at all.

Chen Xiang turned around to look. There was no Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea behind him, they were all thick and big trees.

"The people from the Dongfang family are coming over. Dongfang Lingyun, the three elders, and a group of people below Nirvana Stage are here." Long Xueyi suddenly said.

The people of the Dongfang family were all trapped here, but he wasn’t too worried. Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue were not weak, and the two girls were both blacksmiths.

"My two sisters, the people from the Dongfang family are coming. is also here.

After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he immediately disappeared. He was indeed worried that he would drag them down, and when Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue wanted to take care of him, he would inevitably be distracted.

Dongfang Xinyue frowned, her gentle voice was filled with anger: "It’s good that you are here, let’s settle the score with this old fellow!"

Chen Xiang was hiding on a big tree in the distance, holding onto the Death-haunting arrow. Although the distance between them was more than three hundred meters, he could clearly see the two beauties wearing snow-white clothes.

Not long after Chen Xiang left, a large group of people quickly walked over. Dongfang Lingyun and Dongfang profoundlong were walking in front, and when they discovered Dongfang Xinyue, they couldn’t help but be shocked.

As for the rest of the people from the Dongfang family, when they saw these two beauties suddenly appear here, they couldn’t help but stare blankly. However, they immediately lowered their heads when they felt the power exuded from the two girls’ bodies.

"Traitor!" Dongfang Lingyun shouted angrily, he obviously knew that Dongfang Xinyue did not take the life vein away, because it was definitely not something that he could take away easily. Although he did not know why the life vein would disappear, it was a good opportunity to frame him.

"Old man, you said I’m a traitor, why don’t you take out the evidence! You think I’m a traitor just because of your old mouth? Although I don’t really care about the Dongfang family, my contribution to the Dongfang family is definitely not less than yours. " Dongfang Xinyue’s jade face was filled with anger and grievance.

Dongfang Xinyue was proficient in Artifact Forging and Formation, and had contributed a lot in this area.

"So what? Take him down." Dongfang Lingyun said coldly. He also knew that the beautiful woman beside Dongfang Xinyue was not weak, but there were four of them.

Once Liu Meng’er released the power of the ice wind, a layer of frost suddenly condensed on the surrounding trees. The cold wind howled, and the surrounding hundred meters were filled with snow ice.