Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Liu Meng’er were suddenly struck by the frigid coldness, and their entire bodies shivered. Fortunately they possessed the Fire Soul, the fire energy released by it was able to dispel the severe cold.

"Warm Moon!" Liu Meng’er saw Dongfang Xinyue fall all of a sudden and could not help but be shocked, even an expert like Dongfang Xinyue could be struck down by this kind of cold energy, it could be seen that this ice and snow was not simple.

Liu Meng’er anxiously released the hot air and poured it into Dongfang Xinyue’s body, allowing her to gradually recover. However, her face was completely pale and her body was trembling.

Dongfang Xinyue was a Master Refiner. Even though she did not have a Fire Soul, her flames were not weak.

"It’s so cold, the fire Innate Qi in my body has been completely frozen!" Dongfang Xinyue’s delicate body trembled non-stop, causing her to have no choice but to instill more heat into her.

"I... Right now, I am just like ordinary people. I cannot use the Innate Qi at all. " Dongfang Xinyue was suddenly terrified, and suddenly lost his strength. This was a nightmare for every Ranker, Liu Meng’er had this experience before, she looked at Chen Xiang for help, and although Chen Xiang’s strength was weaker than theirs, Chen Xiang had always been their savior.

"What about the bone I gave you last time? "Take it out and sit on it. It’ll be fine!" Chen Xiang knew that the Icy cold power was very powerful. If he did not have the Heaven fire soul, even his strong body would not be able to hold on.

Dongfang Xinyue anxiously took out the Vermillion Bird bone from his storage ring, and with Liu Meng’er’s support, he climbed up and sat on top of it. The Vermillion Bird bone was indeed the bones of the Inferno Divine Bird, allowing Dongfang Xinyue to quickly recover.

"I almost froze to death, these bones are really good stuff!" Dongfang Xinyue gently caressed the Vermillion Bird bone as he praised.

Dongfang Xinyue was now sure that Chen Xiang also possessed a Fire Soul, and it was a very powerful one as well, otherwise nothing would happen in this strange world of ice and snow. She was a warrior who had to undergo eight tribulations in Nirvana Tribulations, but because she did not have a martial spirit, she was almost frozen to death.

"It seems like there’s a mechanism within this box. Something like this happened the moment it was opened. Is this a type of test?" Chen Xiang took out the book from the chest.

"This is the secret we sought from afar." Chen Xiang handed the book over to Liu Meng’er and after Liu Meng’er received it, he read it together with him.

As the two girls watched, their eyes couldn’t help but widen. Their beautiful faces were filled with excitement, and after Chen Xiang shouted a few times, they both gave up, and sunk deep into their hearts. Chen Xiang couldn’t help but look, and know that the book in the book was one of the array Spirit grain s.

"The place we are in right now is indeed an illusion formation, called the Great Formation of the Freezing Sky. The terrifying Icy cold power is not an illusion, but it’s an illusion created by the Great Formation. Only the things we see here are illusions, and if we can’t break it, we can’t escape." Dongfang Xinyue frowned.

"The method to deactivate the formation is in this book. This book contains many powerful formation methods, as well as a large amount of knowledge and experience in refining immortal equipment. There are even... "A divine artifact!" Liu Meng’er’s chest rose and fell, looking extremely excited.

This was actually such a powerful book! Chen Xiang was extremely shocked, he guessed that the Refining treasure book was just a small part of this book!

"How long will it take to break the formation? I still have a date! " Chen Xiang anxiously shouted, if he stayed here for a year or so, he would be scolded to death by the Elder Dan when he returned.

"We are currently looking for a way to break through the array, there is a method to arrange the array, but there are some other unknown array formations mixed in. According to the book, the nameless array formations are also in this book, but there are too many large and small array formations in this book, it’s very difficult to find them!" Liu Meng’er now felt that it was extremely difficult.

"Let’s take a look at the array foundation first!" Dongfang Xinyue said.

Chen Xiang also moved his head closer to the formation base. He wanted to see what the Heavenly Winter Magic Array looked like, but he couldn’t understand it, because there was only a circle drawn on top of the book, and suddenly, there were many dense and messy little Spirit grain s inside. If he were to look carefully, however, these Spirit grain s had a certain pattern, and it would take a lot of effort for him to understand them.

Chen Xiang also had a certain level of foundation for array formations, but he was completely confused by what he saw. No wonder these two beauties were thinking about it so hard.

Dongfang Xinyue could not leave the Vermillion Bird bone, he could only drag the dragon bone away. He could not let Liu Meng’er drag it away, as there might be dangers inside, as Liu Meng’er was his only fighter.

Dongfang Xinyue was like a big boss right now, making her feel extremely embarrassed. On the way there, she gently asked Chen Xiang if he had worked hard. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"It should be here!" Liu Meng’er compared to this book, looked around him. Even though he was surrounded by a vast expanse of white ice, and her could determine that.

Suddenly, the surrounding scenery changed again. At this moment, the coldness was even more intense. However, the three of them were still able to withstand it.

Just now, they seemed to have triggered another mechanism of the array, causing them to be at the top of a very high ice mountain. Just now, they seemed to have triggered another mechanism of the array, causing them to be at the top of a very high ice mountain.

This kind of powerful illusion was something that even Long Xueyi, who had a very strong soul, couldn’t see through.

Chen Xiang turned his head to look, and the surrounding scenery suddenly changed, allowing him to appear in a beautiful valley that was filled with the chirping of birds and the fragrance of flowers.

"Elder Sister Meng’er, where is Sister Warm Moon?" Chen Xiang was sitting on the grass, elegantly combing his jet-black hair. Dongfang Xinyue had already disappeared.

"She went to break the formation and told me to stay behind to protect you." Liu Meng’er charmingly smiled at Chen Xiang, his cheeks turning cherry red, making Chen Xiang feel like he was intoxicated by the sight. If not for the presence of Dongfang Xinyue, he would have long ago become intimate with Liu Meng’er, and this was a good thing.

Seeing Liu Meng’er’s charming and seductive appearance, Chen Xiang’s heart twitched. He hurriedly walked over and hugged Liu Meng’er, allowing her to gently hold on to her fragrant lips and her sweet tongue that made him yearn for her for many days, and continued to suck.

"Little Scoundrel, I missed you so much!" As Liu Meng’er kissed her, she whispered to herself softly and hugged Chen Xiang even more tightly.

As the two of them passionately kissed in this beautiful valley, Dongfang Xinyue was still at the top of the mountain peak where the cold wind was howling. Looking at Chen Xiang and Liu Meng’er lingering in front of her, she couldn’t help but be shocked, unable to believe that this was real, and her face couldn’t help but turn slightly red.

"The Confusion Array! They had long since wanted to be like this with their lover. At this moment, deep within the great formation of infatuation, every single thought within their hearts would be as they wished! So they should be in their own fantasy now. " Dongfang Xinyue’s face became even redder, she did not expect herself to stop this pile of lovers from being intimate with each other.

Chen Xiang and Liu Meng’er were indeed deep inside their hearts in their fantasies, that was why their surroundings became a beautiful little valley. Dongfang Xinyue, the one who was in their way, was also not here, so they could get close to each other.

"Heavens, what are they trying to do ... No, I’m still here! " Dongfang Xinyue’s heart started beating wildly, her breathing became hurried, and her face turned even more red. Because Chen Xiang had already ripped off the hem of Liu Meng’er’s clothes, and her bad hand was rubbing Liu Meng’er’s snow-white rabbit ...