Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang didn’t know what to do now, so he could only lie on the ice, and indulge in the fantasy while looking at the two beautiful girls.

"Little Scoundrel, you’re so hungry. Do you want this dragon to help you?" Long Xueyi suddenly laughed.

"Sure!" Chen Xiang immediately replied. He had always been thinking about the young girl’s complexion and the devilish body of a beautiful dragon.

"You wish." Long Xueyi teased: "Wait for a day when This Dragon is in a good mood. Maybe it can, hehe ..."

This little dragon girl’s laughter was filled with boundless charm, causing Chen Xiang to be unperturbed in his heart.

"Without the blueprint for the array, I’m afraid we won’t be able to find the base. However, even with the blueprint, it would be very difficult to find the weak point to break the array." Liu Meng’er said.

The two girls continued to analyze the Freezing Sky Illusion Formation, but Chen Xiang had no choice but to condense a creation divine liquid, it would not be bad for him to have more of these things.

After a few days, the two girls finally found the place that broke the formation through the complex array blueprint. That weakness was very small, only as big as a needle, but it was still found by them.

"I’m going to attack the eye of the formation. Prepare yourself." Liu Meng’er said, using her powerful Innate Qi, she condensed a thin needle and waved it, releasing it out, piercing into the needle-sized weakness.

They appeared at the bottom of the dried up lake. However, Dongfang Xinyue’s face was filled with pain, her face was pale white, and her cherry lips had turned a deep purple. It was obvious that she had been poisoned.

"Cold Poison... The Icy cold power in the Great Frozen Cloud Art had developed a type of cold poison, and after the Great Formation was broken through, it entered my body. " Dongfang Xinyue said weakly, it looked like he was about to collapse.

Bai Youyou said anxiously, "It’s the Ice Soul Devil Poison from the Demon World. This poison is only present under the Magical corruption gas s, and it has a spiritual nature, which is used to seep into the bodies of those who do not have Fire Soul. Once someone dies from the poison, they will be able to devour the energy within their body and then slowly grow stronger."

"What should we do? Is there any hope? " Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"If my sister was here, perhaps there would be a way ..." Bai Youyou suddenly shouted: "Yes, let her fuse with the Fire Soul!" UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Su Meiyao sighed lightly, "Give her the purple Fire Soul that you extracted from Tie Ming. I don’t have the use of it right now, and furthermore, I’m not worried that I won’t need it in the future!"

Liu Meng’er’s hand, which was holding Dongfang Xinyue’s, was able to release a large amount of heat, but it was only able to alleviate for a bit.

Chen Xiang took out the purple Fire Soul that contained the pearl. This purple Fire Soul was extremely expensive, he had originally planned to give it to Su Meiyao, but now that he wanted to use it to save people, he could only take it out.

"This is the Purple Fire Soul. Elder Sister Meng’er, help her fuse it." Chen Xiang handed over the purple glowing pearl.

Liu Meng’er was stunned, Chen Xiang actually carried this thing with him, this was the Purple Fire Soul, even in the Heaven Realm, it was enough for people to rob it from him!

Dongfang Xinyue originally thought that she was dead for sure, but when she saw Chen Xiang take out the purple Fire Soul to save her, she was incomparably touched. She was very clear on the value of the purple Fire Soul, but Chen Xiang was very straightforward to use it to save her.

Not only was he able to live, he was even able to obtain the Fire Soul that she yearned for day and night.

Liu Meng’er smashed the bead, using his consciousness to control your tyrannical Fire Soul, and let it enter Dongfang Xinyue’s body.

Dongfang Xinyue knew that fusing with the Fire Soul would be extremely painful. If she had a choice in the past, she would rather endure ten times the pain for the sake of obtaining the Fire Soul.

, you have experience with this. You should guide her to fuse with the Fire Soul, it is faster than trying to figure it out for herself. Chen Xiang came to Dongfang Xinyue’s side and roughly pinched her tightly shut small mouth, then stuffed in a piece of Earthly fruit.

When fusing with the Fire Soul, the pain of eating a Earthly fruit would lessen by a lot. Last time at the Sacred Dan Realm, Yun Zhu was like this when fusing with the Earthly fruit, he wanted to confirm something.

With regards to the experience of fusing with the Fire Soul, Chen Xiang was much more experienced than the two great beauties in the Mortal Realm.

After eating the Earthly fruit, Dongfang Xinyue no longer felt that much pain, but there was still some pain.

"When fusing with the Fire Soul, you still need to avoid any conflicts with the Congenital kungfu soul in your body. The Fire Soul needs to be completely merged with you, including your soul!" Chen Xiang said.

Liu Meng’er began to recount her experiences while fusing with the Fire Soul, as well as some things that caught her attention.

Dongfang Xinyue’s speed of fusing with the Fire Soul was extremely fast, which was outside of Chen Xiang’s expectations.

’s face was now very healthy, red and attractive, making people want to take a bite of him.

"Thank you, little scoundrel!" Dongfang Xinyue laughed gently, his eyes full of gratitude: "This Fire Soul is truly very precious, I really don’t know how to repay you."

"Be my slave." Chen Xiang laughed. This made Liu Meng’er stomp his foot hard.

"Be more honest!" Liu Meng’er glared at Chen Xiang with her beautiful eyes.

Dongfang Xinyue smiled lightly, that charming smile was extremely intoxicating, "If I become your female slave, Meng’er will definitely be jealous."

"Warm Moon, don’t listen to this brat’s nonsense. Liu Meng’er was a little worried that Dongfang Xinyue would agree. After all, there was Hua Xiangyue as a precedent and Chen Xiang was extremely mysterious.

"But I have to repay him! I can’t take his Fire Soul for nothing!" Dongfang Xinyue was really serious now, which made Chen Xiang’s heart jump. He was joking to begin with, but if Dongfang Xinyue had agreed, he would have profited immensely, exchanging a Fire Soul for such a beautiful, powerful slave like her.

It had to be known that when he obtained the Fire Soul, it was very easy, as he could make a lot more in the future.

"Ahem, I was just joking. Elder Sister Warm Moon, please don’t take it seriously." Although Chen Xiang said that, he actually liked Dongfang Xinyue taking it seriously. He thought that if he could bring Hua Xiangyue and Dongfang Xinyue, the two beautiful female slaves to serve him in the future, that feeling would explode from the bottom of his heart.

Dongfang Xinyue was originally on the verge of death, suffering from the cold poison’s torture, she was already in despair, but Chen Xiang suddenly saved her, not only did she not die, she even received a purple Fire Soul.

Dongfang Xinyue had deeply felt the true meaning of these words. She had started to understand why Liu Meng’er had been captured by this little scoundrel, Chen Xiang, both physically and mentally, because Chen Xiang was really capable.

"Master-servant Contract, and it’s a life and death contract!" Long Xueyi suddenly shouted, a ray of white light shot out from between Dongfang Xinyue’s brows, entering Chen Xiang’s soul.

was stunned, Liu Meng’er was also extremely shocked, a contract was also a form of array, it was extremely strange, and Master-servant Contract was indeed the simplest but also the most powerful type of contract, especially this type of life and death contract!

"You gave me my life. From now on, let me protect you!" Dongfang Xinyue smiled sweetly and called out: "Master!"