Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue had become even redder after hearing what the others had said, but Chen Xiang was fine. On the contrary, he was still indignant.

"Damn, you dragons, don’t you all have different surnames? You even have the right to criticize us! " Chen Xiang’s face was unconvinced, and shouted.

Just because dragons liked to mess around, demon beasts with dragon’s blood gave Chen Xiang a bad impression.

"Don’t compare me with those noble dragons. Dragons with low status like us are all very clean." The dragon was also unwilling to accept this. "But I’ve evolved from snake to dragon. Although I’ve fully transformed into dragon, I’m different from those noble dragons."

Long Xueyi was currently very angry, as a stately Imperial Dragon Race, he was actually looked down upon by this kind of inferior dragon.

The world of dragons was similar to the world of humans. They were divided into different ranks and despised each other.

"Little scoundrel, scolding him to death is so infuriating!" Long Xueyi crazily roared from inside the Youyao Yugong, "Isn’t it just that my luck is a bit better, that I can transform into a blue dragon? What’s there to be arrogant about? Just wait for me to grow up, then I can smack him to death with a single claw! "

Chen Xiang laughed, spinning the circle on the Luotian Gate, opening a spatial door: "Old Dragon, my name is Chen Xiang, I will come and play with you often."

As Chen Xiang said that, he pulled the two women and walked into the spatial gate. As they disappeared, Chen Xiang heard the voice of the dragon: "My name is Lan Cang, next time don’t bring a woman."

After leaving the Super Old Sacred Land, they appeared in the forest filled with giant trees. The illusion formation here was still there, which meant that the people of the Dongfang family were also here.

"Hurry up and leave this damned place. It seems like the treasures here will only attract people to play with their lives." Chen Xiang once again turned the Luotian Gate, and just as the dimensional door opened, a strange transparent Qi suddenly attacked.

The Space Gate disappeared, and the surrounding space was filled with all sorts of oppressive energy!

"This is the Space Warcraft!" Long Xueyi suddenly shouted out anxiously with fear in his voice: "This kind of thing grew up in those oppressive space tunnels, it’s very powerful, and can even make space chaotic."

"Now that all the Mortal Realm s have fused together, the spatial tunnel has disappeared. The location where the Space Warcraft exist is becoming smaller and smaller, which is why they have appeared here. Following the start of the Great War between Three Realms, the space has become more and more unstable, allowing these things the chance to come into the human world."

Chen Xiang anxiously pulled the two girls, they were monsters that knew how to use spatial energy, and just as he was about to pull Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue, they suddenly disappeared!

"Elder Sister Meng’er, Sister Warm Moon!" Chen Xiang anxiously roared, but his voice was resounding all around.

"Little Naughty Dragon, have you discovered where they are?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"No, but don’t worry, they are still here. They were only screened by the Space Warcraft, which means that the Space Warcraft has to eat. It means that by seizing this space, it will be able to sense the stronger people in here and then separate them from the weaker ones." Long Xueyi said.

"And then?" Eating, this made Chen Xiang even more anxious.

Then, just wait for the Space Warcraft to be killed. This Space Warcraft is not very strong, otherwise, it would not hide in fear. Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue are both very strong, you don’t have to worry about them.

At first, Chen Xiang did not understand why Long Xueyi made him worry about him, but he quickly received his answer, because he suddenly felt that the space in front of him was shifting, and when he stopped, he saw that there were a lot of people around him with faces full of fear and confusion.

"You weaklings have been gathered here. If the Space Warcraft can successfully eat those powerhouses, you will become its snacks!" Long Xueyi laughed tenderly: "No wonder that stupid dragon didn’t dare to come out. He actually knows that there are Space Warcraft outside."

"It could be because the Space Warcraft appeared that activated the Super Old Sacred Land’s array formation, causing the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea to be shrouded in a large array. This way, the Space Warcraft would have a hard time leaving the illusion array." Bai Youyou said: "This is the weak point in space, the one who set up the formation back then had thought everything through."

"Isn’t that Chen Xiang?" DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Pairs of greedy eyes suddenly stared at Chen Xiang. This was a ten billion Spar, it was just like how they appeared in front of them. If they teamed up and killed Chen Xiang, they would split it among themselves.

Dongfang profoundlong’s leg was previously broken by the Death-haunting arrow, but now he had recovered. If he could kill Chen Xiang, he would have even more prestige in the Dong Fang Clan, which would help him improve his position in the Dongfang Family.

The people here were all from below Nirvana Stage, and the people above Nirvana Stage were all taken away by the Space Warcraft through teleportation.

"All of you, come at me one at a time!" Chen Xiang was not afraid at all. Clenching his fists, his Dragon Power appeared and the ground trembled. The surrounding trees immediately cracked and those who had thoughts were immediately terrified, they quickly gave up on the idea.

Not only did they not go up, they backed off, and the place Chen Xiang was in became an empty area, with over 3000 people surrounding him. To the people of the new world, there were not many of them, but most of them were pretty strong.

Looking at the clothes these people were wearing, most of them were from influential powers, and they all came together. Most of them belonged to the Devil-subduing College and Fire Divine Palace, and most of them belonged to the Dongfang family.

Seeing the terrifying Dragon Power on Chen Xiang’s body, everyone whispered to each other. Everyone already knew about Chen Xiang cultivating the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, to be able to spread such a name in the Mortal Martial Realm, he must be powerful, if he did not have any ability, it would be difficult to defeat Chen Xiang.

Many people did not dare to take action, but there was still a small number of people who were ready to make a move. These people were all very confident in their own strength, and most of them were geniuses from large sects.

"That’s disappointing. Let me do it! Although our sect is ranked second in this new world, our strength is definitely not just second. " A man dressed in a luxurious golden attire slowly walked out from the crowd, holding a dazzling sword in his hand.

This man was extremely handsome. He had a faint smile on his face and his demeanor was refined and refined. The moment he appeared, a few women looked at him with adoration.

"The Gold Armored Sword Sect is ranked second in the new world. It is very impressive with the sword, and the Leader is also a very amazing refiner. It is said that he is stronger than Dongfang Xinyue." A person in the crowd exclaimed.