Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The Space Warcraft that appeared in this new world wanted to eat, so that he could move all the experts with cultivations above Nirvana Stage away in one breath. As for those that were below Nirvana Stage, they would be put together by the Space Warcraft.

This was a consistent style of the Space Warcraft, and of course, this came from Long Xueyi’s inherited memories. This was because it was not easy to encounter a Space Warcraft even in the Heaven Realm s.

After beating Dongfang profoundlong down to the ground, Chen Xiang swallowed a pill and walked in the same direction. It had been a long time since Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue returned, and he was extremely worried.

What put him at ease was that he knew that Dongfang Xinyue was still alive, because he and Dongfang Xinyue both had a Master-servant Contract. He could feel them, but he could only sense that Dongfang Xinyue was still alive and did not know where she was.

Long Xueyi had already activated the Heaven tour method to search for it, but after searching through the forest, he did not find anything, not even a trace of it. Long Xueyi guessed that it was within a spatial space, and it was not difficult for Space Warcraft to find such a place.

"Wait, they are definitely fighting in that space, and that space is created by Space Warcraft, it is definitely not very strong, let me try and see if I can feel the weak spatial undulations!" Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang could only wait patiently, and felt the connection between him and Dongfang Xinyue that transcended space at all times. No matter where he was now, he could always feel the link between him and the two exceptionally beautiful female slaves, Dongfang Xinyue.

Just as Chen Xiang was waiting for more than two hours, a strong burst of spatial energy struck over, causing the entire forest to tremble slightly. Following that, a burst of powerful Qi surged through the forest, blowing apart many large trees, broken thick tree trunks and many large leaves.

That wave of aura formed from the intense Innate Qi was very strong, and Chen Xiang could feel Liu Meng’er’s cold energy from it, which made him feel a lot more at ease.

In order to avoid the countless pieces of the tree trunk that were blowing towards him, Chen Xiang jumped into the air and advanced while facing the berserk aura. He wanted to see what the Space Warcraft looked like!

The air had disappeared, and the forest had quietened down once again. Chen Xiang had already seen a place in the distance that was extremely empty, with craters all over, caused by the uprooting of huge trees. There were more than thirty people scattered all over the place, and the most noteworthy thing was the gigantic beast lying in the middle, whose entire body had long black fur, and was as tall as three people.

This was the Space Warcraft that Long Xueyi had described, it had a human-like body, with black fur all over, and it was also huge and strong, but it was already lying there, its body was covered in frost, and one could tell that it was made by Liu Meng’er’s powerful Icewind magic kungfu.

Chen Xiang could clearly see those over thirty Rankers in the distance, and he recognized a few of them. For example, he knew Man Futian and Zuo Zhenxuan from the Devil-subduing College, Dongfang Lingyun from the Dongfang Family and the elders, and even the two elders from the Divine Martial Sect.

However, their faces were not well. It could be seen that in order to avoid being devoured by the Space Warcraft, they had started to fight. Some of them were even injured.

"Hmph, Huang Jintian is not here, Dongfang Xinyue, just surrender, you are severely injured, how can you retaliate!" Dongfang Lingyun laughed sinisterly as he looked at the pale Dongfang Xinyue.

Liu Meng’er wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, his body releasing a cold Qi, holding onto a white jade long spear, he said coldly: "Dongfang Lingyun, just now when we were dealing with this beast, we did our best, it can be said that without the two of us, you two would have been eaten by this guy!"

"So what? Now I want to capture the traitor of my Dongfang family!" Dongfang Lingyun did not immediately attack Dongfang Xinyue who was severely injured, but instead walked towards the Space Warcraft. Since the Space Warcraft was so powerful, it must be filled with treasures.

"What do you want? We all have our hands on it, do you want to keep it for yourself? " An old man’s face showed that he could not accept this, but Dongfang Lingyun looked at him fiercely.

Everyone had varying degrees of injuries now, and a lot of Innate Qi had been used up, but there were four people in the Dongfang family!

"Is that all? When you’re fighting, hide behind a woman. Even if they win, they steal the spoils of war from others. " Chen Xiang immediately imitated Huang Jintian’s voice.

"Haha, is Huang Jintian really you? Don’t think that you’ve lied to me once, and you still want to play with me a second time? Chen Xiang, I know it must be you! " Dongfang Lingyun laughed.

They hoped that Chen Xiang would not come out, as otherwise, it would be very dangerous. After all, Dongfang Xinyue was heavily injured, and even standing up was difficult for him. Furthermore, the others would definitely not offend the powerful Dongfang Family, as no one would help them.

Chen Xiang could also tell that the situation was not good for Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue. However, he still appeared, and very unhurriedly flew over with a faint smile on his face.

"You’ve got guts. Although we’re slightly injured, it’s not a problem to deal with them. It’s as simple as crushing an ant to death!" Dongfang Lingyun laughed.

Chen Xiang shook his head and sighed, he took out a pill and quickly placed it on Dongfang Xinyue’s sandalwood. Although Chen Xiang’s movements was extremely fast, a few knowledgeable people still knew what pill Chen Xiang gave him. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Eternal Dan!" An old man shouted in shock, and the thirty-odd experts immediately burst into an uproar.

Eternal Dan, middle Heaven level. Moreover, after the medicinal power of the pellet had not subsided, the Innate Qi would have an unlimited amount of time to do so, and would also be able to recover quickly after suffering an injury. It was considered one of the best pellets in the world of Nirvana Doom.

Sure enough, after Dongfang Xinyue ate it, she who was so weak that she couldn’t even talk, immediately stood up, and a wave of scorching Innate Qi surged onto her delicate body.

Dongfang Xinyue was Chen Xiang’s slave, so of course Chen Xiang would not be stingy with his pills. Previously, he had given Liu Meng’er a Eternal Dan and a few other Relive Dan, but Liu Meng’er had not used any of them, so he had obviously used them long ago.

After giving the Eternal Dan to Dongfang Xinyue to eat, Chen Xiang took out the Relive Dan and gave it to Liu Meng’er. When everyone saw it, they all moaned in their hearts, this was something that only those who went through tribulation would be willing to use, but now, Chen Xiang gave it to the two women to eat without even blinking his eyes.

A rich pill like Chen Xiang caused people to feel fear from the bottom of their hearts. Everyone was curious as to where he had gotten so many high levelled pills.

"Dongfang Lingyun, didn’t you want to kill me?"

After eating the Eternal Dan, Dongfang Xinyue could feel the endless Innate Qi. She had an unprecedented level of fighting spirit, as she held onto a burning iron chain, and her beautiful eyes shone with killing intent as she looked at Dongfang Lingyun.

After Liu Meng’er ate the Relive Dan, his injuries immediately recovered a lot. Although he was not in his best condition, he was still better than Dongfang Lingyun and the rest.