Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Dongfang Lingyun still did not know that many people knew about his conspiracy with Dongfang profoundlong. Before long, it would spread across the whole new world.

At this moment, his entire body was trembling with anger. One reason was because he could only look at the two good pellets that were being used for Nirvana Doom being eaten by the two women, and the other reason was that these pellets were actually from that brat, Chen Xiang. When he looked at Chen Xiang’s expression while squandering, he knew that Chen Xiang did not pity these pellets at all.

There were not many Dan King in this new world, but there were many of them. However, they were still lacking in spiritual medicines, especially those that were high quality or above, so high quality or high quality Ground level pills were still very precious.

At this time, Dongfang Xinyue was growing more and more fond of her little mistress. Not only did he give her the Fire Soul, he also gave her an expensive Eternal Dan when she was heavily injured. At this moment, she was also extremely pained for herself to waste that Eternal Dan, so of course she was more moved and warm.

Chen Xiang suddenly walked over to the Space Warcraft’s side and caressed its frosty fur, then laughed and with a thought, kept it in his storage ring.

The Space Warcraft was killed by everyone painstakingly, yet it was taken away by Chen Xiang just like that. Everyone was furious, but when they saw Liu Meng’er’s beautiful yet cold eyes, they did not even dare fart. They had already seen the strength of the two women just now, and they were also injured, so they definitely could not beat them.

"Chen Xiang, you little bastard, hand over that corpse!" Dongfang Lingyun was instantly enraged: "Let’s work together and snatch the corpse back!"

No one was willing to help them. If they offended Chen Xiang, the rich guy with the pills, when they asked for pills in the future, they would definitely be rejected, not to mention the fact that Dongfang Xinyue and Liu Meng’er, the two powerful women, were there.

"Don’t worry, other than those four fellows, everyone else will have a share. I’m just keeping it safe for now, so that Dongfang Lingyun won’t steal it." Chen Xiang smiled lightly at everyone, then walked to Zuo Zhenxuan’s side and took out the Space Warcraft’s corpse.

"Elder Zuo, can you count the number of people here? Other than me and the four guys, everyone else will get one." Chen Xiang laughed.

Seeing that Chen Xiang and his relationship was so close, Dongfang Lingyun couldn’t help but feel a chill on his back. If they had attacked just now, Zuo Zhenxuan would have undoubtedly attacked them from the back.

Chen Xiang possessed a high level pellet, it was a very normal thing to be able to make friends with an expert of Zuo Zhenxuan’s level. Zuo Zhenxuan’s ten levels of Devil Subduing Method, shocked everyone greatly, being able to become the Principal of the Devil-subduing College was not a simple matter.

Originally, everyone had already given up hope for the Space Warcraft’s corpse, but now that there was one, everyone secretly rejoiced, and revealed their enmity towards Dongfang Lingyun and the others.

Dongfang Lingyun was no fool. Seeing the situation turn against them, he scoffed, "Let’s go, you guys remember this!"

When Dongfang Lingyun left, everyone heaved a sigh of relief, Zuo Zhenxuan also started to cut the Space Warcraft, he even specially gave Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue the biggest and best part, but he gave the beast cores to Chen Xiang, no one had any objections.

Although there are no treasures here, it is still a good harvest to obtain the bones of these strange beasts. Boy, come to Devil-subduing College often when you have time. Zuo Zhenxuan sincerely thanked Chen Xiang.

"I have already reported this to the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace. I think that when you go to the Heaven Realm, the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace will definitely open its doors to you." Man Futian laughed.

"Let’s wait until after Great War between Three Realms." Chen Xiang sighed, which touched on the heaviest worry in everyone’s hearts.

With the death of the Space Warcraft, the illusion formation shrouding the forest slowly disappeared after feeling the threat. Everyone left the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea one by one, while Chen Xiang used the Luotian Gate to directly enter the spatial gate with the two women and returned to the Chen Martial Continent.

"It was really close, I was almost taken advantage of by Dongfang Lingyun." Dongfang Xinyue let out a faint sigh, chuckled, and then kissed Chen Xiang’s cheeks.

"Master is so nice to me." Dongfang Xinyue’s jade face was filled with gentleness and her eyes carried an enchanting smile, as if she was going to melt Chen Xiang down.

Chen Xiang watched in a daze as he reached out to caress her cheek: "You’re welcome. I gave him a rare opportunity. If you grasp it well, he should be back to Dong Fang Clan very quickly, and continue to be his Dongfang Family Patriarch. "

Chen Xiang then told Dongfang profoundlong and Dongfang Xinyue about Dongfang profoundlong, making Dongfang Xinyue even more grateful towards him.

"Elder Sister Meng’er..." Chen Xiang pouted his lips.

"Little Scoundrel, you’re so bad." Liu Meng’er lightly stomped his feet and his face turned slightly red. He then leaned his head over and hugged Chen Xiang, kissing her passionately for a moment.

"I’m going to meet my appointment. I don’t know if I’ll be late or not." Chen Xiang shrugged and used the Luotian Gate to leave.

When Chen Xiang returned to the Super Dan Imperial College, he opened his own door and saw a person wearing a wooden mask, causing him to be shocked. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Little girl, you scared me to death, how can you casually enter Martial Aunt’s room? How is this possible!? " Chen Xiang was often intimidated by the Elder Dan, this made him extremely unhappy.

"Did you bring a woman into my bamboo house?" "How can you smell the fragrance of other women?" The Elder Dan’s voice carried anger.

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then immediately said: "You misunderstood, that was when my recognized sister, Youlan, looked at me, and lived in there."

"The competition between us will start in three days. I have already collected the medicinal ingredients for two Earth Grade Low Rank Dan s." The Elder Dan said, his voice was still stiff and cold.

"Oh? What pill’s ingredients are they all from? "How do we decide who wins?" Chen Xiang anxiously asked, he was extremely concerned about this matter, as long as he could win against this woman, he would be able to see her appearance.

"You’ll know when the time comes." Elder Dan flew away.

Chen Xiang curled his lips, when the time came, he would not find it too difficult to refine two types of Earth Grade Low Rank Dan s.

"The Space Warcraft’s beast core is also known as the Spatial Elemental Bead. You should be able to use this Spatial Elemental Bead as the Luotian Gate’s energy. At that time, you don’t need to use your own strength." Long Xueyi said.

"In that case, the Spatial Orb has a lot of Spatial Force. Can you let me travel back and forth from the Sacred Dan Realm frequently?" Chen Xiang’s heart was moved.

"Of course not, the Sacred Dan Realm is not that easy to get to. The formation that Fan Yakun obtained could only allow him to travel back and forth." Long Xueyi said.