Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

If you wanted to buy a pill that would suit you, you couldn’t send it out in a new world. Just the transportation fee itself was a large sum, and if you gathered the best pill shops in this new world, then it would be very good. You wouldn’t have to travel to too many places to look for pills.

However, those Alchemist s who were not invited to the Dan Alliance felt extremely unhappy, feeling that they had been underestimated. When Chen Xiang and Wu Kaiming walked on the streets, he could hear many of the Alchemist s complaining.

The new world was so big, there were definitely a lot of Alchemist s. The reason why the Dan Alliance had only invited a portion of Alchemist s was so that the other Alchemist s could train hard and improve their alchemy skills.

"I heard that after the Dan Alliance is established, the levels of the Alchemist will be divided evenly. When that time comes, you will probably have to take the Alchemist’s assessment to gain a better reputation. So it turns out that it is no longer feasible at the Dan Fragrance Pure Land’s place." Wu Kaiming said.

Chen Xiang felt that it was necessary. A new world was formed from a combination of many different worlds, and each world had their own Alchemist’s level system. In order to come up with a general level title, they had to harmonize it.

"These Dan King are pretty good. They had tidied up the chaotic world of pills in this new world, but unfortunately, both Elder Dan and Hua Xiangyue did not join this Dan Alliance." Chen Xiang regretted that he did not have a powerful Alchemist in the Dan Alliance.

"It’s not that they didn’t join, it’s just that we couldn’t find them. They’re all dealing with the Tribulation!" Wu Kaiming sighed: "Alchemist’s Nirvana Doom is even stronger, I hope they can successfully pass through."

Chen Xiang and Wu Kaiming had arrived disguised themselves, so no one would be able to recognize them. They seemed to be extremely low-key, but there were some people who came to Dan City in a completely different way, with a very high profile.

A wave of hot air engulfed the area and Chen Xiang knew who it was: Fire Divine Palace’s Palace Chief Han Lie!

Chen Xiang and Wu Kaiming turned their heads to look, only to see a tall and sturdy old man who was much taller than ordinary people. He had a upper body that was covered in muscles and a fiery red cape.

The hall master of the Fire Divine Palace was now a famous figure in this new world. After all, he came from the top of the Heaven Realm, which many warriors yearned for.

"Han Lie was invited as a guest. The few elders behind him all seem to be Alchemist, and the few young brats seem to be the same." Wu Kaiming said.

"He was invited to the Dan Alliance?" Chen Xiang frowned and asked.

"Of course, there are many powerful Alchemist in the Dan Alliance." Wu Kaiming shrugged his shoulders, "Although Fire Divine Palace’s reputation isn’t very good, but his strength is indeed very strong."

Chen Xiang gave the purple Fire Soul to Dongfang Xinyue, because he wanted to get one back. Right now, he was staring at the few elders.

This kind of archaic devilish poison was something that even Han Lie was afraid of, and when Chen Xiang used that Death-haunting arrow, with the addition of a few Magical corruption gas, he might be able to kill those people with the eight tribulations of Nirvana Stage. It was just that this had to be extremely secretive, and if others discovered that he was using Super Old poison, then it would not be a matter of a single force chasing after him, but rather those of the Three Realms!

If even a place like the Devil Realm could not tolerate Magical corruption gas, what about the Worldly Immortal World?

Chen Xiang only had the corpses of two elders from the Fire Divine Palace in his hands, both of them being green Fire Soul.

This was the first time Chen Xiang had heard of such a thing, and it looked like there were quite a few of them.

"These little imps from the Fire Divine Palace were invited to join. There’s no reason why you, the number one young Alchemist, weren’t invited. Is this old guy from the Dan Alliance jealous that you have too many Relive Dan?" Wu Kaiming laughed.

"It’s probably because I’m the Dongfang family’s ten billion Spar, they’re worried that I would bring trouble to the Dan Alliance." Chen Xiang curled his lips and said. If Dongfang Chaoqun and Dongfang Xinyue were to successfully take back the Dongfang family, then the bounty of ten billion Spar would definitely be withdrawn.

"Isn’t that the little demon Xiao Chou?" Wu Kaiming suddenly pointed to the side of the street.

"This brat’s bald head is scared by me, haha ..." Sure enough, Chen Xiang saw that Xiao Chou was standing on the side of the street, wearing a hat and looking around.

"Junior Martial Uncle, you are bullying our Baldy Clan. How unkind!" Wu Kaiming looked at him in disdain, then walked towards Xiao Chou. Wu Kaiming was still wearing his hat, otherwise, his shiny head would be very eye-catching in the crowd.

Xiao Chou saw two people walking over, he took a closer look and recognized them as Chen Xiang and Wu Kaiming. He immediately waved his hand.

"Are you looking for someone?" Chen Xiang looked around, but did not see any special people.

"Master, Senior Brother, I’m waiting for an elder of my Great Strength Race. All the Great Strength Race in this new world must gather now, I might not be able to return to Super Martial School for a period of time." Xiao Chou said in a depressed tone: "Going back is too boring, it’s just a bunch of people with low strength who don’t know their place. When the time comes, they will challenge me to a fight without knowing their place."

Chen Xiang laughed: "Aren’t all of your Great Strength Race the same?"

"I’m leaving. That elder called me over." Xiao Chou pointed to a very disheveled old man in the distance, but that old man had a pair of extremely sharp eyes, and no one around him dared to approach him, so both Chen Xiang and Wu Kaiming could feel that strange yet powerful aura from far away. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Xiao Chou ran over, and the old man brought Xiao Chou and a few other young people to walk onto a carriage, and walked towards Transmission array.

Wu Kaiming and Chen Xiang arrived at a hotel where the Dan Alliance was hosting the distinguished guests. Chen Xiang rested for a while, letting Su Meiyao see if there were sufficient spirit medicines in the Youyao Yugong, especially those that were of high, middle, and low quality. The medicine market for these types of pills was the widest, and most people needed to buy them.

The next morning, the sunlight that shined on Dan City was extremely warm, this newly built huge city started to get lively even before the sky started to brighten, Chen Xiang and Wu Kaiming headed towards the 50 story tall stone tower, which was the Dan Alliance Headquarters, called the Dan King Tower.

"Invitation letter!" Outside the door, the security was tight, there were many Hundred refining realm s, some Nirvana Stage s, and they were all extremely strict when entering.

Anyone without an invitation letter was not allowed to enter. If they were an ally of the Dan Alliance, they could freely enter and exit using the Dan Alliance’s medallion.

Chen Xiang did not send any invitation letters, but Wu Kaiming did. Furthermore, Wu Kaiming could bring two people in, and this was done by the Dan Alliance for the guests and juniors invited to broaden their horizons.

"It’s not the VIP room. Little baldy, you do not have a high position in their eyes!" Chen Xiang laughed, they were currently sitting in a gigantic hall, with many chairs and tens of thousands of them, and at the top of the hall there was a gigantic stage covered with a red carpet, which was where the Dan King competition was held later.