Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

I, Qin Han, can become the alliance master of the Dan Alliance. I will definitely let the Dan Alliance prosper, and will unite the Alchemist to benefit the new world. " An old man with yellow hair said.

Hearing this voice, Chen Xiang secretly laughed, because this old man was the one who lost the Nature fruit to him.

To benefit from the new world, you have to have wealth and power to be able to benefit from the Dan Alliance.

After the leader of the Dan Alliance was chosen, the news spread throughout the entire New World. The Dan Alliance was also viewed as the center of the new world’s unity now, because the members of the Dan Alliance were all from many forces.

The higher the level, the more Spar there was required. But all the medicinal ingredients came from the Dan Alliance, so the Dan Alliance had to gather a lot of s, which made it a bit more rich in medicinal ingredients, and only higher level tests required a lot of medicinal ingredients that were above average for the middle grade Ground level.

After returning from the Dan Alliance s, Chen Xiang felt an indescribable excitement in his heart. This was because he was preparing to compete with the Elder Dan s and refine two types of Earth Grade Low Rank Dan s.

Although he was confident, he definitely would not underestimate his opponent. Elder Dan was a mysterious woman who was unfathomable.

Inside the Super Dan Imperial College, Chen Xiang did not see the Elder Dan. He sat in the middle of the courtyard and waited for the Elder Dan.

The Super Dan Imperial College’s door suddenly opened, and a few people walked in. This was the first time Chen Xiang saw so many people appearing inside the Super Dan Imperial College, and he recognized all of them.

Gu Dongchen, Wu Kaiming, Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue were all invited by the Elder Dan, so they were naturally here to make the competition more formal.

"Why did you invite so many people? Isn’t it good for us to compete in secret? " Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"Are you afraid that you will lose in an unsightly manner and won’t be seen by others?" Elder Dan said coldly: "Don’t underestimate the competition between you and I, we are not simply refining two kinds of Earth Grade Low Rank Dan."

Chen Xiang didn’t know the rules, so of course he would think that way. In his mind, no matter how difficult it was, wouldn’t it be refining pills?

Chen Xiang glanced at Dongfang Xinyue, the beautiful female slave, and sighed in his heart. If he didn’t become stronger, he wouldn’t be able to take her in.

"With my cultivation and pill refining experience, I’ve taken advantage of you. In order to be fair, we have to go somewhere." The Elder Dan said.

"It’s up to you!" Chen Xiang spread out his hands. Initially, he thought that the Elder Dan would keep this competition a secret, but they had actually invited four people over.

"Junior Martial Uncle, you should be more serious. You will know how terrifying that place is. In my opinion, you can match up against that crazy old man’s dog nest." Gu Dongchen laughed bitterly.

Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat, this Gu Dongchen actually knew of that place, he looked at Liu Meng’er and Wu Kaiming, they also knew of it.

"That is a dangerous place in our Chen Martial Continent, there is a very powerful force that can confuse other people’s minds, but it will not let them die, at most, it will only make them go crazy, let alone you, even if we, with our strength, go there, it will be easy for us to go crazy from all the commotion." When Wu Kaiming said this, his face was filled with fear.

Chen Xiang now understood that concocting pills was not as easy as it usually was. He actually had to be in this kind of environment.

"In there, no matter who it is, it will have the same effect. If your mental strength is not bad, you will be able to endure it." Elder Dan’s voice carried a hint of a cold, disdainful laugh. She felt that a pervert like Chen Xiang would fall down very easily. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Chen Xiang groaned. "If I lose, what benefits do I get to you?"

Elder Dan laughed out loud. "If you lose, I will be very happy.

"That’s true. Even if you win, that’s only to show me my face. There won’t be much loss. We’ll just end it here." Chen Xiang shrugged his shoulders.

"That’s not right. Even if I lose, I still have to fulfill my promise to be your slave!" Elder Dan’s voice was firm.

Chen Xiang glanced at Liu Meng’er, his eyes filled with helplessness.

"Actually, Senior Sister just can’t take it anymore, because no one has ever resisted her. When you just entered the sect, you had a conflict with her ..." Wu Kaiming sighed.

"Hmph, I’m her martial uncle now, is she going to suffer even more from this? "If you have the guts, go and scold that old lunatic." Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"Cut the crap, let’s go." Even the Elder Dan was extremely afraid of Huang Jintian, the crazy old man. It was obvious that Huang Jintian was even ruthless to women.

Chen Xiang and Wu Kaiming sat on Gu Dongchen’s hexagonal flying disc, Dongfang Xinyue and Elder Dan sat on Liu Meng’er’s jade lotus flying disc. Elder Dan and Liu Meng’er’s relationship had always been good, even though they didn’t meet each other often.

"Sister Warm Moon, has the matter with the Dongfang family been resolved?" Chen Xiang suddenly asked. Seeing Chen Xiang shout so sweetly, Wu Kaiming and Gu Dongchen could not help but think about it, secretly looking down on him in their hearts. He actually wanted to seduce Dongfang Xinyue.

Elder Dan started to groan coldly in his heart.

"Hehe, I will take care of it. My brother has been sulking for so long, and now that the chance has come, he will definitely seize it. When the time comes, I will also go and help him." Dongfang Xinyue said with a light smile. The gentle and sweet expression in her eyes when she looked at Chen Xiang, was very dubious.

Chen Xiang laughed: "If we need help at that time, my Super Martial School will definitely do his best to help. Right, a lad, little baldy!"

It was not like Chen Xiang was the one fighting, of course he would be relaxed talking about it. With a single sentence, he had sold both Wu Kaiming and Gu Dongchen out, it was impossible for them to reject him now, so they could only force a smile and nod in agreement.

"Warm Moon, I will help when the time comes. The return of the Dongfang family to the hands of your siblings will allow the entire new world to become more stable." Liu Meng’er said.

"Since Dongfang Lingyun has used such despicable methods to seize power and even wanted to kill our Super Martial School, at that time, we will not be lenient." Gu Dongchen said: "I’ll see if I can call the people from the Alliance over."

He had never heard of the dangerous place that Gu Dongchen and the others were talking about. The place that could cause strong warriors like them to feel fear was definitely not an ordinary place, especially one that possessed the confused power of mind.

Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming seemed to be extremely familiar with this place. This place should be very famous, but he had never heard of it before.