Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Vermillion Bird bone was in Chen Xiang’s hands, of course it had not been refined yet. Chen Xiang’s Four Symbols Divine Weapons was lacking a Suzaku Divine Weapon, but that Suzaku Divine Weapon was already Liu Meng’er’s.

"This is only a small part of the blueprint, there are still a lot of specifics, but I looked at it and saw that it’s almost all, but it’s just very difficult to refine, even in Heaven Realm, no one has the power to refine it." Su Meiyao said.

"We’ll talk about it in the future. At least right now, I already have the things needed to refine Suzaku Divine Weapon." Chen Xiang passed the blueprint to Su Meiyao. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

----- Inside Peach Blossom Fairyland, a man and a woman were trembling from head to toe, their faces extremely pale. They sat in a magnificent hall, with forty to fifty experts from other worlds inside the hall. Some young handsome men and women stood beside these experts, and they were all juniors that came with them.

The man and woman were naturally the two that were dropped by Chen Xiang in the You Ming Deep Abyss. Chen Xiang’s water vines were not only able to entangle them, but they were also able to release the Icy cold power and enter their bodies, preventing them from using the Innate Qi. If they used the Innate Qi to break free, they really could easily fall into the You Ming Deep Abyss.

After Chen Xiang left, the man and woman used the Communication Spirit Rune to ask for help, but when they were saved, they had already fainted. Now that they woke up, they were summoned here, because there was actually someone who dared to touch them, the Peach Blossom Fairyland’s people.

"In the end, who attacked you two? Did you not tell him that you two are disciples of my Peach Blossom Fairyland?" A dignified middle-aged beauty asked lightly. However, her voice was filled with anger, causing the young man and woman to tremble even more.

"Yes ..." It’s Chen Xiang. " The man gritted his teeth and said.

Silence reigned in the hall, but the onlookers were not surprised.

Lian Yingxiao smiled slightly: "Madam Peach Blossom, from what I know, this Chen Xiang brat has indeed stirred up a lot of trouble, but he has never been offended by anyone.

Everyone who was familiar with Chen Xiang knew this point, and they were already very surprised that the two from Peach Blossom Fairyland could return alive. They could tell that Chen Xiang did not go all out and only teach them a lesson.

Hearing that it was Chen Xiang who did it, the middle aged woman frowned slightly. The reason she did not invite the Super Martial School was because she was worried that the Super Martial School would bring Chen Xiang here to ruin the banquet inside the Peach Blossom Fairyland.

But when the experts arrived, she regretted their actions immediately, because many of them were actually here for Chen Xiang. One of them wanted to take a look at Chen Xiang, and the other was asking Chen Xiang for pills.

"Tell me the truth, is it him or them who caused the conflict?" The middle aged woman did not want to offend anyone. If Chen Xiang was the one who made the first move, no matter what, she would have to ask for an explanation from him.

Feeling the pressure from the beautiful middle-aged woman, the man was extremely frightened. Even the woman was frightened to the point that she couldn’t speak.

After the man shuddered, he said, "It was my junior sister who attacked him at the same time ... But he was the first to contradict us. "

Chen Xiang’s mouth was something many people had experienced, and they laughed secretly in their hearts.

"Tell me everything that happened. With so many seniors present, don’t boast. I want to know what happened!" The middle-aged woman’s voice was calm, but it gave off a very uncomfortable aura. If those experts weren’t too powerful, then the younger generations wouldn’t be able to take it.

After the couple explained the situation, they were the first to make a move. Moreover, they were too young, and they were angered by just a few words from others. Moreover, they even viciously attacked an "ordinary person".

Chen Xiang did not kill them, it was truly not on par with Chen Xiang’s actions from before. However, everyone could imagine, Chen Xiang deliberately allowed them to live, this was to tell the Peach Blossom Fairyland, what kind of birds are you!

Of course, Chen Xiang actually went to the terrifying You Ming Deep Abyss to cultivate, which made many of the strong understood why Chen Xiang was so strong. This kind of cruel cultivation, was something that many of the handsome men and beautiful women in the hall had never experienced before.

"There shouldn’t be anything underneath You Ming Deep Abyss, and even if there is, it would all be taken by the master and disciple of Chen Xiang and his. Let’s not go there, that place is truly terrifying, a good friend of mine never came up from there, and he is a demon beast even stronger than humans." Lian Yingxiao sighed.

"Seems like, only the Ancient Spirit Great Land is the best place." The beautiful middle-aged woman said — Ancient Spirit Great Land! The group of people that were gathered at Peach Blossom Fairyland finally decided to explore the Ancient Spirit Great Land to find treasures. This matter was spread very quickly, and in just a short day, the people in charge of passing on the news had already spread to the various large cities.

"Ancient Spirit Great Land, I heard that the original name was the Ancient Spirit World. Finally, all the continents in this world collided with each other and the people above all died out. For hundreds of thousands of years, no one was on top of this world.

"I’ve been to the shore of the Ancient Spirit Great Land, the spirit energy there is indeed good, but I heard that there are a lot of powerful beasts inside, only the coast is safe, there is a Transmission array."

"The Ancient Forest in the coastal area of Ancient Spirit Great Land is indeed a good place to hunt demon beasts. Many guys can often fish for a large ticket there, but there are also people who will not be able to return."

Chen Xiang was walking on the streets when he heard the news, he had just broken through and would need a period of time to consolidate his cultivation. He felt that he had nothing better to do, so he decided to take a look at Ancient Spirit Great Land.

"Didn’t you say that the group of people are heading to their deaths? Are you going as well? " Long Xueyi asked.

"Yeah, I’m just going to see how these guys throw their lives away. Do I look like one of those idiots who’s going to throw their lives away?" Chen Xiang laughed and walked towards a Transmission array.

"It doesn’t look like it, but you’re an idiot who doesn’t care about his life. You’re not much better than those guys. However, an idiot like you won’t die with the protection of a holy and noble White Dragon Lady like me. " Long Xueyi said in a smug tone, his voice even carrying that kind of dignified and serious tone.

After the formation of this new world, many hunters had more places to hunt, especially through the Transmission array. They could go to many places to hunt various types of demon beasts to earn Spar, but that required a certain amount of strength.

This time, the choice of Ancient Spirit Great Land s attracted many hunters. With this group of powerful disciples leading the way, perhaps they could gain some advantage.

Chen Xiang also snuck in and after putting on a simple disguise, he arrived at the Ancient Spirit Great Land. The experts and juniors gathered at the Peach Blossom Fairyland had long since arrived and entered the depths of the Ancient Spirit Great Land.