Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The moment Chen Xiang arrived at the Transmission array by the side of the Ancient Spirit Great Land, he heard a person bragging.

"If you guys came late, you would have been able to see the Leader of the Peach Blossom Sect, the Peach Blossom Lady! It is said that this Madam Peach Blossom took the full power of her dead husband, and then changed the name of the profound Realm to Peach Blossom Fairyland. She founded the Peach Blossom Sect, and this Madam Peach Blossom’s name seems to be Yao Shumei. " A middle-aged man said to a youth.

"Madam Peach Blossom’s father should be the daughter of that deity from Peach Blossom Fairyland. Otherwise, how could a woman like her be able to sit in that position? Especially the Dongfang Jing from the Dongfang family. He is truly a beauty, and it is said that this Dongfang Jing might become the Clan Leader of the Dongfang family in the future. " Another person said. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

No one knew what happened to Dongfang profoundlong, but they could be sure that it was impossible for Dongfang profoundlong to obtain the position of Patriarch, and because of that, only people with the bloodline of the Patriarch of the Dongfang Clan could obtain the position of Patriarch, Dongfang Chaoqun was just a daughter, so everyone believed that Dongfang Jing would become the Patriarch in the future.

"This little idiot actually came to join in on the fun. Fuck, that idiot Dongfang Chaoqun, if he doesn’t properly discipline his Dongfang family, he would come to join in on the fun." Chen Xiang suddenly started to worry.

"You must be thinking about that innocent big rabbit!" Long Xueyi chuckled.

In Chen Xiang’s mind, the scene of Dongfang Jing crying while exposing his chest appeared once again ... Just the thought of it made his heart ache.

"Why are you so anxious? There are quite a few experts there, and they will absolutely not let a single one of their pampered disciples get hurt. " Su Meiyao scoffed with faint jealousy.

"Being strong doesn’t mean that they won’t encounter danger. This Ancient Spirit Great Land was originally a world with countless continents colliding with each other, but now it has become so small and its spirit energy is so dense. Furthermore, no one is living on it, there must be some mysterious and powerful power causing it."

Chen Xiang had killed a lot of strong experts before. These experts could be considered the pinnacle of existences in this new world, but there were some power that could easily take away their lives, making their deaths miserable. For example, that Magical corruption gas.

"I will use the Heaven tour method to help me take a look." Long Xueyi said, and immediately began to move, and Chen Xiang followed a path into the forest.

After a short while, Long Xueyi said, "There’s something strange, there’s a power restricting my consciousness, and making my consciousness become... It became very heavy, and then the consciousness I released dissipated. "

"What?" Is it something like a formation array? " Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"No, it’s a natural power. If I were to enter a little, there wouldn’t be any problem. In short, this kind of power is very strange." Long Xueyi said.

That group of people moved extremely fast, and Chen Xiang very quickly lost the traces left behind by that group of experts. She was unable to follow them any further, so Long Xueyi could only use the Heaven tour method to search for an area that she could find.

"Forget it, I can only try my luck." Chen Xiang took out his Imperial Crystal, seeing if he could sense the mines in the area.

Just as he was about to put away the Imperial Crystal, he heard an angry hissing sound that sounded like it came from an eagle, but was mixed together with the sound of another beast’s roar.

"It’s the Kylin thunder eagle!" Long Xueyi shouted in shock, "A descendant of the fusion of a Qilin and an Primordial Lightning Eagle, I never thought that there would be such a rare and unique species in the Mortal Realm."

"Is it really that powerful?" Chen Xiang was overjoyed, he guessed that the group of Rankers must have angered this guy.

"Of course it’s powerful, the Archaic Lightning Eagle isn’t an ordinary eagle, its size can grow to be as big as a Kun Peng, and the combination of a qilin and an Archaic Lightning Eagle is the only combination of birds and beasts that can give birth, allowing it to inherit a pure Qilin bloodline. At the same time, it also possesses an Archaic Lightning Eagle’s Thunder power, so its strength is stronger than a qilin." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang had already turned into a bird, flying towards the direction of the voice. He wanted to see what the sound of the bird looked like, even Long Xueyi had never seen it, there was no description of it in her inheritance memories, there was only sound and some information.

"Sigh, like me, this Kylin thunder eagle was thrown into Mortal Realm." Long Xueyi sighed with wisdom.

"You being able to bump into me is also your luck!" Long Xueyi’s words almost made Chen Xiang fall.

Chen Xiang immediately snorted: "That should be what I say. You being able to meet me is your good luck!"

"It’s good for all of us, okay?" Long Xueyi muttered.

"That’s right, so it can’t be said to be our luck. It can only be said to be our fate. Since we were able to meet each other, we should understand and appreciate each other." Chen Xiang said in all seriousness.

I am the Empress Bai Long of the Imperial Dragon Race, I will be very powerful in the future. Maybe I can unify the Imperial Dragon Race and dominate the entire Heaven Realm, no ... "Dominating the heavens and the earth." Long Xueyi said shamelessly.

"Just with a little gluttonous dragon like you?" Chen Xiang’s voice was filled with disbelief, as though someone told him that the moon was square.

Bragging was also one of Long Xueyi’s hobbies, Chen Xiang thought that it was probably because of her inherited memories.

"Why is there only a sound? Have I been caught? " Chen Xiang was originally looking forward to the Kylin thunder eagle’s roar, but it was now very quiet.

"Captured? This is too embarrassing for a qilin and an Archaic Lightning Eagle. We, the White Dragon, are also an Archaic Deviant. This guy even threw away the face of an Archaic Descendant. He disgraced Ben Long as well. " Long Xueyi immediately issued a series of gnashing teeth words.

When Chen Xiang transformed into a bird and flew away, Long Xueyi released the Heaven tour method to investigate the situation in front of him. It was just that her consciousness would slowly weaken before dissipating, which was something that had never happened before.

Chen Xiang also tried to use it, but it was the same way, but Long Xueyi still saw some things.

"There is no more forest ahead. The Kylin thunder eagle was caught, how is that possible?" Long Xueyi only saw it from afar before his consciousness dissipated.

"Oh yeah, that Kylin thunder eagle had even turned back into a human. This humanoid fellow must have had a conflict with those idiots and was attacked during the fight." Long Xueyi immediately guessed, this was also a more reasonable guess.

Chen Xiang finally arrived at the scene of the incident and saw that the handsome young man was being suppressed by a few shining enchantments, and beneath the young man was an array disc with broken treasures and weapons scattered all over the ground.

Everyone surrounded the young man and was discussing amongst themselves. No wonder they were captured, the experts here were not simple. With so many array discs surrounding them, there was no way for the big bloke to escape.