Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing that everyone was ready to attack, Chen Xiang laughed: "I remember that my ten billion bounty has already been withdrawn. Even if you guys catch me, the Dongfang family will not give you any rewards."

Who didn’t know that not only had his ten billion bounty been withdrawn, it had also received Dongfang Chaoqun’s gratitude? However, what the crowd wanted to capture wasn’t him, but the loyal Kylin thunder eagle beside him, which was even more precious than the ten billion Spar. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

But no one made a move, Chen Xiang had a backer, Dongfang Lingyun brought a group of experts to besiege Super Martial School, and in the end, all of them returned with blood, because of Huang Jintian’s attack.

"Big Brother Chen Xiang..." knew right away that it was Dongfang Jing’s little idiot calling him.

After Dongfang Jing shouted, seeing that many people were looking at her, she regretted it. Her face was flushed red and she quickly hid behind Dongfang Chaoqun.

"Jing Jing, what a coincidence, you’re here too!" Chen Xiang brought Teng Ying and walked over. Teng Ying was now even more respectful to Chen Xiang, he was still a little perturbed when he arrived, but other than the group of experts staring at him with greedy eyes, he didn’t move an inch.

Teng Ying also returned a furious glare at them.

Seeing that Chen Xiang and Dongfang Jing’s relationship was so close, the young boys and girls who came with him were extremely jealous.

"Little Brother Shen, you’ve helped us time and time again. I really don’t know how to thank you for that!" Dongfang Chaoqun saw Chen Xiang walking over, and anxiously said with a face full of gratitude.

Chen Xiang felt that obtaining Dongfang Xinyue, this beautiful female slave was the biggest reward to the Dongfang family, so he immediately laughed: "It’s nothing, no need to be polite. It’s’s fault for making us Super Martial School to do something, but someone like that, my Super Martial School cannot let him live happily."

Chen Xiang’s words were also directed towards some of the people present. Even though his Super Martial School didn’t have a large territory, his strength wasn’t weak.

Chen Xiang reached out to pinch Dongfang Jing’s innocent and beautiful face, and laughed: "Little idiot, you’re really bold, to actually dare come to this kind of place."

"I came with my father." Dongfang Jing lowered his head and said softly.

"Little Brother Shen, you don’t have to worry about this. We just want these juniors to come out and gain more experience." Dongfang Chaoqun said.

Chen Xiang shook his head: "Training is not like this. This kind of place is not as simple as you think."

"Chen Xiang, you dared to come in here alone, so this place isn’t too bad after all." Here, it was also because he had a pretty good relationship with Chen Xiang, and also knew many of Chen Xiang’s secrets.

I came to look for my friend, but my friend said that he was attacked by a group of bastards for no reason. Fortunately, he had some ability, and was able to escape from the hands of these pigs. Chen Xiang grinned, and spoke very easily, but that made the experts who made a move earlier flush with anger, as if they wanted to slap Chen Xiang ruthlessly in his face, as though they were being scolded.

"Enough, my friend is bringing me on a treasure hunt." Chen Xiang waved his hand, then followed Teng Ying and left.

If they started to investigate, they would have to apologize. But Chen Xiang was only pointing at Sang Huai Huai, he had only said a few words.

"This little guy’s courage is indeed as great as it’s rumored to be. I think that even without Huang Jintian supporting him, he would still be like this. Could it be that he wasn’t afraid of us attacking him just now?" Yao Shumei said casually. The middle-aged woman had looked over Chen Xiang carefully and was the most surprised because she could not see any signs of cultivation in Chen Xiang’s body.

"Madam Peach Blossom, if you had attacked just now, hehe, I don’t know about the consequences. In short, Huang Jintian probably wouldn’t have come looking for you, but you should know that Huang Jintian doesn’t dare to leave the profound Realm casually. Chen Xiang is not relying on Huang Jintian, but even if the big heads of Super Martial School join forces, they will still not be able to defeat you, and even if the entire Chen Martial Continent joined forces, they will not count much in your eyes. " Back then, beside the Demon and Devil Sinkhole, he had personally witnessed Chen Xiang killing each and every expert one of them, fearlessly.

"I don’t believe, that if not for Huang Jintian, no matter how strong he is, he would just be a little kid." An old man said in disdain.

"Oh? If he used ten Relive Dan to reward you, what would happen to you? From what I know, his pill refining skills were not imparted to him by the Super Martial School’s mysterious Elder Dan, and he was not Hua Xiangyue either. Before he entered the Super Martial School, he already had a solid foundation in pill refining.

Lian Yingxiao laughed, "What everyone doesn’t know is that Fire Divine Palace’s Han Lie still owes him a favor."

Han Lie did indeed owe Chen Xiang a favor, if it wasn’t for Chen Xiang helping him today, he probably would still be trapped inside the Magical corruption gas. Although Han Lie didn’t say it, judging from Han Lie’s temperament, he would definitely remember this favor.

There had been a few experts present who had experienced the incident at Demon and Devil Sinkhole, and they believed without a doubt in this matter.

After Chen Xiang left, he naturally did not know that others were talking about him. He was currently following Teng Ying and had stayed in the Ancient Spirit Great Land for a very long time.

"Elder Brother Shen, Super Martial School is so powerful. Those people just now seemed to be scared." Teng Ying said with admiration.

"Of course." Chen Xiang laughed: "This group of people are simply bullying the weak and afraid of the strong. If you were very strong, they would definitely hide far away, but if you were very weak, hehe ..."

"I understand. It’s the same here, the strong preys on the weak." Teng Ying nodded.

"Elder Brother Shen, can I join you? I feel that if I were to interact with humans, I would be able to improve even faster. "

He originally only wanted to be friends with Teng Ying, but did not expect Teng Ying to actually want to join his Super Martial School. "Of course you can, his Super Martial School will definitely be happy to accept you, you can be considered the first beast-like disciple of his Super Martial School."

Teng Ying lived in a cave, and when Chen Xiang followed him to the depths of the cave, he could feel a very rich power of the five elements.

"Five-Colored Spirit Bamboo!" The moment Su Meiyao sensed this aura, he immediately recognized it. "This is the second kind of main ingredient for refining Five Elements Profound Dan!"

The Five-Colored Bamboo grew very tall, and each section had five different colors. It emitted a weak glow and the power of the five elements.

Five Elements Profound Dan only needed two main medicinal herbs. Chen Xiang already had the Five Dragon Crystal Fruit, which meant that he would have a large amount of Five Elements Profound Dan ingredients.