Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The middle-aged man menacingly threatened the three beast-skinned muscular men. Their faces were also filled with anger, and there were traces of blood at the corners of their mouths. They had one or two bloody holes on their bodies, and their faces were ugly.

The swords in their hands had traces of blood on them, so it was likely that they were the ones who had pierced through the three burly men’s bodies. Their faces were also brimming with complacent smiles.

"The humans outside are indeed the same as the Evil Barbarian, it’s just that they’re even more despicable and vicious than the ones in the Evil Barbarian." A one-eyed man roared angrily and took out some spiritual medicines that were emitting dense amounts of spiritual energy. They had just collected these.

When Chen Xiang saw this, he was infuriated. Thunder Heaven School was, after all, a very famous sect in this new world.

"This guy, he should be the Leader of the Thunder Heaven School. Lei Durong, definitely cannot let him go!" Chen Xiang took out the Death-haunting arrow, condensed it into Dragon Power and released it. He wanted to control the Magical corruption gas very precisely, as long as it was enough to make the inner body of the Thunder Heaven School become dirty and rotten.

"Xue Yi, watch the timing. Use your mana to save that little girl. We can’t let this guy succeed." Chen Xiang said, as the condensed crossbow arrow shot out angrily.

After the arrow was shot out, Lei Durong immediately sensed that someone was sneaking an attack on him. The moment he relaxed, a strange power made the girl in his hand suddenly drop her hand and shout towards the one-eyed man.

"Who?" Lei Durong roared angrily, Chen Xiang’s arrow did not pierce through his body, but was blocked by a powerful armor.

Even so, the Magical corruption gas still spread out on Lei Durong’s body, went through his clothes and armor, and drilled into his body through his skin. Lei Durong was indeed a Leader of a sect, and very quickly, he found out that he was poisoned, and hurriedly swallowed a high level detoxification pill. He sat down cross-legged and started meditating, he knew that the poison was extremely terrifying, and was wreaking havoc in his body.

The word "die" was a bit unfamiliar to the warriors who had just crossed the eighth tribulation of Nirvana Realm. Usually, they would only feel this kind of fear when facing Nirvana Doom s, but now that he felt the strange poison aura in his body, he could not help but feel a deep sense of fear.

"Protector, don’t let anyone near me. The guy that plotted against me is definitely not strong, or else he would have appeared a long time ago." Lei Durong growled, and had the three disciples beside him surround him.

When the sturdy guys saw this, they knew that someone was trying to save them from the shadows. They were carrying the girl and wanted to leave, so Lei Durong groaned and released a strong force that pushed the few men down to the ground. The girl, who was protected by the one-eyed big guy, did not get hurt.

Lei Durong had to pay a price for this. Just now, with his luck, the poison spread even faster, causing his internal organs to rot and he quickly took out a bottle, but he was immediately smashed by Chen Xiang’s arrow. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Despicable!" Lei Durong trembled, gritted his teeth, and spat out a few words.

Chen Xiang took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, and as expected, it flew from a distant tree. In a few breaths time, it arrived in front of Lei Durong.

"I’m afraid I’m not as despicable as you, old turtle!" Chen Xiang chuckled.

It was actually Chen Xiang! Lei Durong felt a sweetness in his throat and almost vomited blood. He, a dignified Leader of a sect, was actually ambushed by this brat, Chen Xiang, and he was poisoned.

"You and I have no enmity with each other, why did you try to harm me!" Chen Xiang shouted in a low voice. Chen Xiang possessed a large number of Relive Dan, so he naturally could possess powerful poisons as well. Lei Durong never dared to underestimate Alchemist, because the pills given by Alchemist could not only save people, but also kill people and formless, causing them to die miserably.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "These people also have no enmity with you, why are you snatching other people’s spirit medicine? You even use a child to threaten me. You don’t have the right to ask me that question, I just can’t bear to see you do it! "

"As long as you give me the antidote, I can apologize to them and compensate them." Lei Durong clenched his fists tightly. It was not easy for him to get through the Eight Tribulations of Nirvana, and he was not willing to die like this.

Chen Xiang laughed, "I don’t trust you!"

Just then, a disciple of the Thunder Heaven School suddenly flew out in the direction of the girl. Chen Xiang’s reaction was not slow either, he flashed towards her and at the same time, chopped the Thunder Heaven School disciple into two halves.

It was just a single slash, yet a disciple of the Hundred refining realm was sliced off by Chen Xiang like tofu. The armor on his body was completely useless.

Chen Xiang could guess that all of this was because of Lei Durong’s divine sense.

"Humph!" Chen Xiang’s divine blade shook, releasing a clear dragon’s roar, and the blood on it was also shaken into a bloody mist.

The remaining two disciples started trembling, they knew that Lei Durong did not have the power to resist, if not they would have killed him already. They were afraid that Chen Xiang’s strong poison would have noiselessly poisoned a powerful warrior like him.

"You ... "You ..."

Before Lei Durong could finish his words, Chen Xiang flashed forward and shouted coldly: "Die!"

The blood was black and carried a strong poison, causing the two disciples to feel weak from head to toe. Their powerful Leader died in front of them just like that, killed by a little ghost.

But they were not afraid for long, and fell into a deep slumber forever. After Chen Xiang killed Lei Durong, they also killed the two disciples.

Chen Xiang released a wisp of flame which carried the Devil-suppressing holy power. It was able to burn the poison within a short period of time and cleanse the place completely.

"Are all of you okay?" Chen Xiang walked over and supported the one-eyed burly man up, then smiled at the cute girl who was crying like the rain.

"Thank you for saving us. Looks like the humans outside are all like those guys." The man looked at Chen Xiang with awe. They knew of Lei Durong’s strength, they were like ants in Lei Durong’s eyes, but they were still slaughtered by him.

"No need to be polite, these guys are good people wherever there are people. However, once they take a fancy to something they want, they will be more dangerous than anyone else." Chen Xiang laughed.

Chen Xiang chatted with the three big sized men for a while before he found out that they were native to this place, called the Ancient Spirit Race. This was also the place where the Evil Barbarian originated from. They had absorbed the same amount of energy as the Evil Barbarian, so they were sealed here and could not leave. Their overall strength was actually not weak, comparable to the Evil Barbarian’s!

Which elder did they come out with? It was only because that elder went to chase after a powerful ancient beast that he made them wait here, and then met Lei Durong. He just so happened to see them picking those rare spirit medicines, so Lei Durong was greedy and wanted to snatch them away.