Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The experts did not leave as they were discussing what to do next. At the same time, they were waiting for the warriors who had entered to hunt the demon beasts.

"You guys better hurry up, Demon and Devil Realms’s group will quickly occupy this place, this Transmission array cannot be used by them." Chen Xiang said.

"But Leader Lei hasn’t come out yet. We haven’t seen him and his three disciples." An old man said.

Thunder Heaven School and his three disciples had already been killed by Chen Xiang, so they naturally would not come out.

Chen Xiang casually said: "Then you guys can decide. I’ll be leaving first."

Just as Chen Xiang stepped into the Transmission array and was about to open it, he said to the rest of them, "You all hurry up and leave.

When Chen Xiang was inside, he could not use the Luotian Gate to open the spatial tunnel, and the principle of the Transmission array was the same. If the space was not stable and they tried to teleport by force, the consequences would be dire.

Chen Xiang activated the Transmission array and returned to the Super Martial School. At this moment, the entire Super Martial School and the outside Heaven Door City were shrouded in panic, although the passageway did not appear, the Great Devil Mountains was emitting an extremely strong demonic aura, and the news quickly spread throughout the Chen Martial Continent, because this was the prelude to the opening of the tunnel. Furthermore, a few experts of the Mortal Martial Realm were gathered here, discussing on how to retreat together.

The Great Devil Mountains was very close to the Devil Continent, and the warriors who cultivated in the evil way had long retreated, because they were now respectful to the demons, and worried that they would be exterminated, and had no choice but to behave themselves and join forces with the Righteous Sects.

Great Devil Mountains and Devil Continent were both very close to the shore. They used to be the most intense place among the Great War between Three Realms s above, because this was the place that was connected to Demon and Devil Realms. Chen Xiang was currently high in the sky, looking down at the distant region shrouded in black fog.

"Looks like it’s going to be soon. Such a dense demonic aura means that a small opening has been opened in the space. Some demons should be coming." Bai Youyou said.

This was not the first time Chen Xiang had come to the Great Devil Mountains. This time, he indeed felt a very strong demonic aura from the people here, which was the same as the one he felt in the Ancient Spirit Great Land. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"The demon passage that is connected to the Ancient Spirit Great Land is the headquarters of the Demon and Devil Realms. The world at the heart of the demon realm is extremely powerful, I wonder how long this fierce battle will continue for." Bai Youyou sighed.

Chen Xiang returned to the Super Martial School, waiting for Gu Dongchen and the others to return from their meeting. During that time, he had refined some pellets, especially the healing antidote, because the Demon and Devil Realms’s and Evil Demon’s use of poison was best at it.

At this time, the various worlds all knew that the Great War between Three Realms was coming, and Dan City was even more crowded. Many warriors had spent their entire life’s savings to buy life saving pellets, but at this point of time, the pellets stores were running out of supplies.

The Super Martial profound Realm had already opened up some areas and built many houses. If the Chen Martial Continent were to fall, the Super Martial profound Realm would become a refuge, and at that time, as long as the doors to the profound Realm were closed, the demons would not be able to come in.

The group of big shots in Mortal Martial Realm had already been in a meeting for three whole days, and upon Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming’s return, Chen Xiang immediately went to look for them.

"Junior master, the situation is very serious. Although the various powers have agreed to send people to guard the Great Devil Mountains, there are not many people who would let go. Furthermore, there are some powers that are pessimistic and think that they will not be able to defend the Great Devil Mountains." Gu Dongchen sighed.

"How can they think that? Didn’t they successfully defend it a hundred thousand years ago? " Chen Xiang said. He paid a very heavy price to successfully defend it a hundred thousand years ago.

"Fortunately, there are a few powerful forces in the Continent of the King that are willing to send extra people. I wonder if there will be any warriors willing to join when the time comes." Wu Kaiming said.

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then said: "You and the other big shots of the Chen Martial Continent should discuss this with each other. Using the demon’s head to exchange for a Spar, this can motivate many people to join, after all killing demon and demon beasts are the same, they all need to take risks, but you all need to have enough Spar to buy the demon’s head."

"This is a good idea, the Spar are not a problem, we big sects have a lot of them." Wu Kaiming laughed, but Gu Dongchen could only lament. As a Leader, he had to bleed a lot of blood.

"Oh right, Liu Meng’er didn’t participate, she only sent an elder over, what is she busy with? This is the time! " Gu Dongchen said. Chen Xiang was Liu Meng’er’s man, so he believed that Chen Xiang definitely knew about it.

Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue were researching about how to create a profound Realm. If they succeeded, then this would be exciting news.

To deal with demons, the power of the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country was essential, because the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country had many weapons. The majority of the disciples in the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country were excellent experts in laying out formations, and all of them were extremely armed warriors.

"I’ll go take a look. Recently, she has been researching very powerful formations, and she has been preparing them for the Great War between Three Realms." Chen Xiang also wanted to ask Xue Xianxian about the relationship between him and Leng Youlan.

------ This was an important place and also the place where Liu Meng’er refined his artifacts. Chen Xiang had once been to this place, allowing Liu Meng’er to use her White Jade Dragon Cauldron to refine his flesh.

Chen Xiang was unable to find Liu Meng’er in the house, so he could only come here and feel the scorching aura. He knew that Liu Meng’er was currently inside.

Chen Xiang entered from a cave and arrived at the belly of the mountain. He saw an incomparably large jade cauldron that was giving off hot air, and on top of the jade cauldron, there was a circular stone platform.

"They’re making array discs!" Su Meiyao said.

Seeing that Chen Xiang had arrived, Liu Meng’er and him floated down.

"So this is how the array disc is made. This is the first time I’ve seen it." Chen Xiang exclaimed as he looked at the huge stone platform floating above.

"This is only the beginning. Moreover, what you have seen is only the first level. The array discs that we will be creating will be 108 layers. When the time comes, they will be compressed together." As Liu Meng’er spoke, he helped her to wipe the sweat off her jade face.

"One hundred and eight levels?" Are all array discs like this? " Chen Xiang was shocked, how much time and effort was needed for this to happen?

"Of course not, ordinary array discs can only go from one to ten. What we create are array discs that can create profound Realm s." Dongfang Xinyue laughed.

Liu Meng’er asked: What urgent matter do you have for us? We are very busy right now, and we want to get the profound Realm out as soon as possible before Great War between Three Realms starts. "