Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The deaths of Mo Di and the tiger-headed man greatly reduced the morale of the thousand plus demons in the Demon and Devil Realms. Mo Di and the tiger-headed man were the stronger of them all, but now, they had been beaten into a pile of ashes. Chen Xiang’s "demon" impression was deeply imprinted in their hearts, causing them to not dare to look at Chen Xiang directly.

It was not because he was angry over the loss of a tiger-headed man, but because Chen Xiang had destroyed their plans. With just a little bit more, their plans would be completed, and they would not have to suffer any losses in order to obtain a lot of resources. When their overall strength far surpassed the human world, the invasion and enslavement of the human race would be as easy as flipping his palm.

But now, all of his plans had been destroyed by Chen Xiang, who was extremely powerful and had rich battle experience. Watching the nine battles from the side, he had already gained some clues.

The demons now understood that those who were wanted by the Demon God Badge definitely could not be underestimated. Even in the Demon World, there weren’t many Devil Cultivator that were wanted by the Demon God Badge.

The Devil heart was filled with rage, a trace of black Qi suddenly appeared in his palm. He lightly waved his hand, and the black Qi transformed into an arrow that shot towards Chen Xiang, accurately hitting his throat.

"Be careful..." Just as Long Xueyi shouted out, Chen Xiang felt a pain in his throat, as if he was bitten by a mosquito. He immediately used his hand to cover the wound on his throat where the Qi arrow had hit.

Chen Xiang looked at the black Qi that was slowly seeping into his skin and felt his heart getting angry. He anxiously looked around, because the black Qi was a very strong poison gas, he never thought that someone would actually plot against him.

"It’s coming from the rabbit demon. It was the rabbit that attacked you." Although she could discover it, she could not let Chen Xiang avoid it in time.

The fact that the rabbit demon dared to secretly shoot an arrow in front of so many Mortal Realm Rankers showed just how much it hated Chen Xiang. When Chen Xiang saw the rabbit demon now, the rabbit demon’s face was filled with a pleased smile.

The complacent smile on the rabbit demon’s face suddenly froze, because Chen Xiang did not die from the poison. The time for the poison to take effect should have already started, but Chen Xiang was still able to stand there and stare at him.

Even some of the Nirvana Stage’s poisonous demons would feel that their lives were better off than death, let alone a human brat. This made him unable to believe it, and more poisonous gas began to condense in his palm, shooting straight at Chen Xiang’s arrow that was condensed from the poisonous gas.

This time, the poison arrow was slightly bigger than the previous ones. Just because it was bigger, it was discovered by some experts with good eyes.

When Chen Xiang stared at the rabbit demon, the experts felt that something was wrong, so they just looked at Chen Xiang.

This time, Chen Xiang used his palm to grab onto the poison arrow, and the rabbit demon immediately reacted, because he saw many pairs of eyes staring at him.

"What a powerful poison!" In fact, he didn’t even know if this Du Li was strong. Even if the Magical corruption gas had entered his body, he would not have been able to feel its power.

"Junior Martial Uncle, what did this guy do to you?" Wu Kaiming became anxious and appeared beside Chen Xiang in a flash.

"Nothing, this poison can’t hurt me. This rabbit coalesced the poison gas into a gas arrow and then attacked me from the shadows. "

Chen Xiang said each word, his voice was filled with killing intent and anger, his right hand also released a burst of cyan light aura, the God Slaying Sabre that beheaded demons appeared, the invisible Qi that caused the demons to feel uncomfortable spread out, causing them to uncontrollably shiver.

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, Wu Kaiming immediately glared at the group of Spirit Demon beings. Yun Xiaodao and the others were also furious, they took out their weapons.

"You barbarians, what are you trying to do?" Seeing that something was wrong, the rabbit demon shouted loudly. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"What do you want? I will chop off your hare’s head! " Chen Xiang roared, at the moment he was brimming with killing intent, maybe it was because the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword sensed a large amount of Spirit Demon Qi that infected him.

The killing intent that erupted from Chen Xiang’s body spread out rapidly, enveloping the entire plain, causing the demons to become even more afraid.

Chen Xiang was the first to bear the brunt of the attack. Surprisingly, he did not cower just because the rabbit demon was a Nirvana Stage.

Seeing that, Wu Kaiming rushed forward quickly. Yun Xiaodao, Zhu Rong and the others knew that such a thing would happen, and even though they were prepared, they were not afraid at all as they wielded their weapons and rushed towards the demons.

"Flatten them!" It was unknown who shouted, but those warriors, who had been waiting for a long time, rushed up like a swarm of bees. The giants and disciples of the other forces also had no choice but to rush up at this moment, otherwise they would be called weak by others.

Seeing the tens of thousands of warriors majestically charging towards her, the rabbit demon was dumbfounded. Just their majestic stature was enough for him to not have the courage to fight back.

Chen Xiang and Wu Kaiming were the first to reach the center of the group of spirit demons. With a slash of his blade, the force emitted from his divine blade cut through ten Evil Demon s like sharp sickles.

The rabbit demon initially wanted to use all of his strength to kill Chen Xiang, but after considering the fact that Chen Xiang had many experts from the Nirvana Stage backing him, if he did not escape quickly, the only thing he could do was die.

"Chen Xiang, remember this!" The rabbit demon said as he gnashed his teeth. Then, he turned into a streak of white lightning and shot towards Great Devil Mountains.

Chen Xiang snorted, he brandished his Divine Blade angrily, and wherever he went, Evil Demon’s body would be slashed into pieces by the furious blade Qi. The Spirit Qi above the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword also caused the Evil Demon s to fall into despair.

At this time, Yun Xiaodao and the others had already rushed over, without a word, blades and swords danced in the air, blood splattering everywhere. Killing the Evil Demon made them scream in despair, but Devil Cultivator still tried to retaliate, but he was beaten into meat paste by the powerful Nirvana Stage warriors.

These thousands of demons were simply not a match for the human world. With just a single charge, they were all killed. Corpses covered the field and the ground was covered in red blood.

"Where’s the Elder Brother Shen?" Yun Xiaodao looked around, but did not see Chen Xiang.

"The Junior Martial Uncle entered the Great Devil Mountains, he said that he would go in and check the situation." Wu Kaiming said, he was not too worried about Chen Xiang.

The Nirvana Stage’s middle-aged Devil Cultivator and the rabbit demon could escape in time. Otherwise, they would also be killed.

"This bastard actually dares to plot against me. Normally, I was the one who plotted against others, but now that I’ve been plotted against by someone, I definitely can’t let this sinister fellow return alive. It’s too dangerous." Chen Xiang thought.