On the Mortal Realm’s side, they were always attacked by the Demon and Devil Realms. However, the Demon Demons had become a lot smarter, and did not attack like last time, but there were many conflicts in some continents, so the most important thing for the human world was to prevent the Demon and Devil Realms from attacking them. [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents] [Next Chapter]

Last time, there were over a thousand Demon and Devil Realms s that came over, trying to play some tricks. However, in the end, they were all destroyed by Chen Xiang and killed, not a single one of them survived.

Wu Kaiming looked at Great Devil Mountains, because Chen Xiang had been inside for more than ten days and he had not come back, and a while ago he had also felt that the restrictions that had been placed on Demon and Devil Sinkhole had been broken. Right now, Great Devil Mountains was even more dangerous, if the Magical corruption gas were to spread, it would indeed have a very good protection effect, and at that time, if the Goblin wanted to attack Chen Martial Continent, he would have to take a detour and come back.

Chen Xiang took half a month to finish refining the power, his body had become much stronger, the power of the devil Yang was something that could strengthen the body, he felt that he was not too far away from the Nirvana stage.

"A group of fellows came two days ago, but they did not dare enter, and only allowed a few fellows to enter, but in the end, those fellows all died from poison, and this Magical corruption gas did not spread, but only formed an invisible barrier of Qi, enveloping the entire sky ditch. At the same time, it released a suction force that sucked in everything that was near the sky ditch, just like a demon." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang stretched his back and said: "Let’s go to the Demon World to take a look. Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable has left something inside, and the God Child must go in to look.

"You must enter the Demon World. Do not use any demonic techniques that attract the attention of others. If you use them, do not leave any survivors." Bai Youyou warned.

Of course, Chen Xiang understood that those devil arts could cause a bloodbath even in the Heavenly Demon Realm, just like the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu. If it wasn’t for Great War between Three Realms right now, a group of people would definitely go after Chen Xiang.

However, Chen Xiang did not do so, because he wanted to see how many demons were inside the Great Devil Mountains. The demon air was extremely dense here, and it was a sacred place refined by the Demon Devil Cultivator.

If it was daytime, this Great Devil Mountains would have a bit of light. At night, it was completely pitch black with no one able to see his fingers. Moreover, there were all kinds of eerie sounds coming from all directions.

"These guys dug a lot of caves here. Look at those mountains, they are all demons’ territory. They also know how to use some things to hide the cave entrance. In addition, the demonic energy here is very dense, making it hard to find them." Long Xueyi said.

Although it was night time, Chen Xiang who trained in the [Heart Piercing Demon Eye] could see a lot of beating hearts in those huge mountains.

"Should we destroy them?" Chen Xiang said. If he had released a large number of Magical corruption gas, all the people here would have been poisoned to death.

"Don’t worry about them. These guys won’t be able to make it. The most powerful ones are all in the demon realm." Bai Youyou said: "If we kill them now, it will only increase the conflict. I believe that the people from the human world already have a plan prepared by them, so you should not destroy it."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, and then passed through the mountains. The number of demons was shocking, there were tens of millions gathered here, it was hard to imagine that they could arrive here so quickly.

"Then in Mo Yi’s memories, what sort of conspiracy?" Bai Youyou asked, "They plan to use their strong powers to force the human world to give them a portion of the resources, and when they become strong, they will invade the human world again, it would be the kind of situation where they used the resources on the Chen Martial Continent. Chen Xiang sighed.

"It’s just that it’s useless against the Chen Martial Continent ... ... Moreover, it’s hard to say in other worlds. If they don’t agree to the competition, they will gather a powerful force from the demon realm and invade." Chen Xiang said: "But Chen Martial Continent is too strong, they don’t dare to act rashly right now."

"This is too shameless. Gathering the power of the entire giant devil realm to attack a small world, and the humans won’t invade them. If this goes on, won’t they be annihilated one by one?" Long Xueyi scolded.

"That’s right, so sooner or later, Chen Martial Continent will face the concentrated attacks of the Demon World. However, all the major powers in this new world should be able to think of this point very quickly. Chen Xiang had already passed through the gigantic mountains that were filled with demons and monsters. He heard the sound of the sea, which was originally a cliff by the ocean, but now, it was connected to the two continents of the Demon and Devil Realms.

It was already dawn. The sun was as warm as the sky and the sky was as blue as the sky, but here, there was no comfortable spirit energy. Instead, it was a very uncomfortable thin type of devil energy.

"Is this the Devil Realm Continent that is connected to the Chen Martial Continent? The environment is too bad! " Chen Xiang frowned and asked, the ground here was already cracked due to the sun, there were no flowers or trees, now he knew why the demon realm was invading the human world, and why the Devil Race was occupying the Ancient Spirit Great Land.

There was only one place in the Demon World with a better environment, which was the center of the new Demon World, which was the continent that was connected to the Ancient Spirit Great Land. However, compared to the Ancient Spirit Great Land, that was still a far cry from them. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang learned all of this from Mo Yi’s memories.

"Do you know where the things left behind by the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable are?" Long Xueyi asked.

"Of course I know. It’s all in my brain, and I know the direction." Chen Xiang laughed, following Mo Yi’s memories, he ran towards a city of the demon realm. Although the Devil Cultivator of the demon realm was brutal, but when they were together, they were still well-behaved, and they had a Transmission array, just that they needed him to provide them with the energy of a Transmission array during teleportation.

In the Demon World, Spar were extremely scarce. Because the amount of spirit energy was almost zero, Spar would not form again.

"Little brother, coming here by yourself is very dangerous, you’re going to enter the city right? Big sister will go with you." A charming voice came over, accompanied by a strong fragrance that assaulted the nose. Chen Xiang turned around, and saw a red-clothed female coming out of nowhere.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly in his heart. Although this girl looked like a demon, he knew that this kind of woman would usually take in the sun to supplement her yin.