Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang’s face was pale white, if over a thousand people suddenly entered the range of his Nirvana Doom, then not only would his Nirvana Doom be over a thousand times stronger, he would also not know how many times stronger. Even the ninth Nirvana Realm was nothing much.

"You idiots, your father’s tribulation, even if you want to die, you better not come to your father. You are the one who got killed, you bastards, now everyone is finished." Chen Xiang roared.

In that instant, those experts who had experienced Nirvana Doom before all had deathly pale faces. Right now, they could not leave, because no matter how far away they were, they would always be targeted by the Nirvana Doom.

More than half of the demon realm was trembling, alerting countless experts of the demon realm. They didn’t know why such a commotion would occur. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Jiang Tianlu’s expression became incomparably ugly, he never thought that Chen Xiang would actually be crossing Nirvana Doom. If he had known earlier, even if he had ten lives, he wouldn’t dare to enter even if he had a hundred guts.

Even though it was only one person’s Nirvana Doom, with so many people here, Nirvana Doom would make these people transcend the tribulation as well, because the people here were all Devil Cultivator s who defied the will of the heavens, and these Devil Cultivator s would commit many evil acts, be cold and cruel, and their Nirvana Doom would be even more terrifying.

"Leader, kill him and the Nirvana Doom will disperse." someone shouted.

Chen Xiang scolded loudly, "Bullshit, if I die, and you all don’t even have any hope of living, then I will truly have to cross the Nirvana Doom. At that time, half of the power of the tribulation will come at me, and if you kill us, hmph, you all will have to split the power equally."

The ground trembled slightly as the space within a radius of several tens of kilometers tightened. Even dozens of experts working together could not break through it; this was the power of the heavens and the power of nature, which no one could withstand.

"Chen Xiang, you killed my son, and ..." Jiang Tianlu’s words were suddenly interrupted by the furious Chen Xiang.

"Give me back your sister! I’m going through a tribulation, why are you guys joining in the excitement? If you don’t want to live, then I’m going to die!" If it wasn’t for the fact that you issued that bullshit Demon God Order to arrest me, I wouldn’t even bother to dirty my hands to kill your son. Chen Xiang roared: Come on, aren’t you angry? "Kill me, come ..."

Jiang Tianlu was so angry that his entire body was trembling, he did not dare, if he killed Chen Xiang, his Ancient Wasteland Devil Sect would be done for, but if Chen Xiang died, the Nirvana Doom would definitely be levelled above their heads.

These experts might be able to, but it was hard to say for those who had yet to experience Nirvana Doom. Right now, they were incredibly frustrated, in order to chase after Chen Xiang, they actually had to cross Nirvana Doom, and those experts were the same, crossing Nirvana Doom was a good thing, but that was only crossing their own Nirvana Doom.

"Haha ..." If I am lucky enough to not die from such a powerful heavenly tribulation, I should have obtained a lot of Power of giving s, going against the heavens and successfully resisting such a strong Heavenly Energy, this is something that has never happened before, let the tempest come strike even more violently! " Chen Xiang stood on top of a small hill and laughed crazily.

This made those people want to spit on his face. He was still scaring them even after acting like this, and those cowards had already weakened their legs.

"Leader, move him to the side and stay away from him. At that time, the Nirvana Doom he will endure will be the strongest, and regardless of his life or death, the Robbery power he suffers will not affect us." An elder said.

Jiang Tianlu also had the same intention, so he walked towards Chen Xiang, who knew what they were going to do.

"I don’t need you to do anything, I will leave by myself!" Chen Xiang said indifferently. The group of people in front of him all wanted to kill him but they couldn’t do anything now. Furthermore, they were still on the edge of death.

Just then, another group of disciples from the Ancient Wasteland Devil Sect arrived through the Transmission array and rushed in as fast as they could. There were actually over a thousand people here.

It was easy to get in, but difficult to get out.

"You bunch of idiots, don’t tell me you can’t see the situation here!" Jiang Tianlu almost vomited blood. More than a thousand people’s Nirvana Doom was already terrifying enough, but now it had increased by another thousand.

However, from afar, Chen Xiang’s loud laughter resounded. "Haha, good come, good come. To be able to die together with so many disciples of the Ancient Wasteland Devil Sect s, I will definitely rest in peace."

At this time, more than half of the devil realm’s spirit energy had been drawn over Chen Xiang.

After the disciples that just came in knew the details, their faces all turned green. The disciples that came in earlier all turned even more green. They really wanted to add oil to the fire and kill themselves.

However, the calamity had already been decided. Even though Chen Xiang was alone, the might of his Nirvana Doom had not diminished at all.

In the sky, rumbling sounds could be heard as the auras condensed together and collided with each other, creating waves of terrifying lightning. No one knew what Chen Xiang’s first tribulation would be like, but it was still very terrifying.

Jiang Tianlu’s intestines turned green, he never thought that when he bumped into Chen Xiang’s Nirvana Doom, there would still be so many people who would be able to enter the range of his Nirvana Doom. Even if these strong people could survive, there were still many good seedlings that could not endure such a terrifying Nirvana Doom.

On the other hand, Chen Xiang was extremely calm, because he had the profoundwu diamond armour as his backing, and he also had the Yulong blood, so it would be difficult to kill him. He was only worried that the Youyao Ring would be destroyed, but that was still something created by a deity, so it shouldn’t be destroyed that easily.

"Are they coming?" Chen Xiang clenched his fists tightly, looking at the sky that was filled with energy, it was as though a demon could appear at any time.

Feeling the destructive pressure, many disciples of Ancient Wasteland Devil Sect felt their legs go weak, and all the experts had ugly expressions on their faces. This was even stronger than the eight tribulations they had faced, they only hoped that the majority of the Robbery power would land on Chen Xiang, so if that happened, they would only be able to fight against a portion of the Robbery power, and might still have a chance of survival.

"He’s here!" Chen Xiang sensed something and immediately ran towards the group of people.

When the two thousand odd people from the Ancient Wasteland Devil Sect saw someone running over, they started cursing and swearing. All sorts of vulgarities and curses rang out, just as the Nirvana Doom was about to arrive, Chen Xiang was actually running towards them.

"Little bastard, what are you doing here!" Jiang Tianlu panicked and roared.

"Since we are fated to meet here, we should go through thick and thin with each other and share the blessings bestowed upon us by the heavens. We should be able to work together to survive this peerless Nirvana Doom." Chen Xiang said with a smile.

Fuck, there’s fate, there’s blessings from heaven. Chen Xiang is a disaster, whoever approaches him will be in trouble.

Jiang Tianlu and the other Rankers had already taken action, but their Nirvana Doom had already descended. It was a multicolored flame that filled the sky, turning into various fierce beasts and rushing down from the sky.