Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Inside Super Dan Imperial College, Chen Xiang looked at his own white and tender skin that was as white as jade in a mirror. He did not expect that after Nirvana, not only would his skin become as fine as jade, it had even become much younger, as if he was a seventeen or eighteen year old youngster.

"Hehe ..." [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents] [Next Chapter] My young man has become young. Su Meiyao charmingly laughed, her voice was able to make one’s bones go soft, with an endless amount of charm, those ambiguous and provocative words, caused Chen Xiang’s heart to thump.

Beneath his snow-white clothes, there was a perfect and robust body. When he was bathing, Su Meiyao couldn’t help but stroke his perfect Nirvana Realm body lovingly and lovingly, from inside the Netherworld Udumbara Flower’s embrace, while bathing with him. "Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ..."

Chen Xiang never thought that one day, his body would also be infatuated with such a woman. Although he and Su Meiyao played around in the naked bathtub, hugging and kissing, he could not get past that last taboo. Because Su Meiyao had not recovered from his injuries yet, he could only treat it as a form of training.

Su Meiyao’s body was sparkling and translucent, her enchanting eyes were all over, her charming smile like a flower, although her entire body seemed to exude a seductive charm, but she still had a noble temperament that did not allow anyone to lose their souls, and at this moment, Chen Xiang hugging such a beauty, made him feel a great sense of accomplishment.

----- "The Tong Tian Aristocratic Family is indeed powerful. Just by sending out a small team, he was able to sweep away all the demons from a continent. In just three days, he managed to kill ten million of them and blasted three continents apart with his unparalleled power!"

Chen Xiang was drinking alone in the tavern, and when he heard the news, he was extremely shocked.

The so called Tong Tian Aristocratic Family was said to have existed since the birth of the world. It possessed the power to transcend the heavens, and the bodies that cultivated it were incomparably strong.

They were able to open up the profound Realm, pass through the supreme formation, and absorb immortal qi the next day. Every single Tong Tian Aristocratic Family was incomparably powerful, and their profound Realm had many different kinds of rare and precious herbs. The powerful Alchemist, artificers, and formation masters were never lacking in them, so their overall strength was extremely terrifying.

But even so, their strength was still limited, because there were a large number of demons, which steadily flowed out. They only had ten Tong Tian Aristocratic Family s, which was simply too busy for them to handle.

"Tong Tian Aristocratic Family is really that powerful?" Chen Xiang muttered to himself.

The man at the next table said, "Very powerful, I saw it with my own eyes. They are just a small team of a few dozen people, and they can help resolve the crisis of a continent. However, they have their conditions, so I don’t know what benefits they will get from helping these continents."

"The Tong Tian Aristocratic Family are all very ancient families, but we don’t have the Mortal Martial Realm. The profound Realm they established are all in other worlds, and I heard that these families have all experienced the Great War between Three Realms a few times!"

Chen Xiang sucked in a cold breath. There were several times Great War between Three Realms s, which meant that they had existed for tens of thousands of years, and they had actually existed for such a long time. In other words, humans had already existed a long time ago, but because of the existence of Great War between Three Realms s, they would decline every 100,000 years!

"These Tong Tian Aristocratic Family have only appeared until now, and I can see that they are plundering a large amount of resources. Could it be that something huge is going to happen?" A person exclaimed.

"I don’t know, but the new world is currently divided into five regions. In the north, south, east, and west, every region has two Tong Tian Aristocratic Family s, and the area that our Mortal Martial Realm resides in is the south."

"I went to the continent that the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family was on, and I heard that after the birth of the new world, there would be a storm that would cause the continents to move, and then all the continents would collide with each other, forming a huge land."

"I came from the central region. I also heard that the Demon and Devil Realms will integrate with all the continents in the Mortal Realm. What is formed will be a true new world!"

"The sky hasn’t changed, the ground has changed, and they are all clashing together. When the time comes, there will be a good show, and of the Super Martial School will be safe, guarded by an old madman."

Chen Xiang almost spat out the alcohol when he heard this. Now he understood why the Heaven Door City had expanded and even gathered people from multiple continents to this place. Originally, they had taken refuge here, although Huang Jintian had not revealed himself before, but his fame had already spread throughout the entire new world.

"Could it be that the world is about to break through?" Long Xueyi muttered.

"Breakthrough in the World?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

Long Xueyi answered with a "En" sound, "Just like us, the world is also cultivating. Maybe it’s already at large success, maybe the entire world will evolve and we will be able to enter the middle ranks."

The world can also cultivate! Chen Xiang’s mouth twitched!

"Why can’t the world cultivate? The sand in the flowers and plants are all part of a different world. Those precious ores and rare elixirs were all evolved from their large success in their cultivation, the same goes for the world! " Long Xueyi snorted.

Bai Youyou said: "If that’s really the case, then everyone who can survive will benefit. Once the world stabilizes, maybe they can even contain immortals."

"But there’s also a drawback." Su Meiyao said, "If it’s really as Xue Yi said, then it will be difficult to travel through the void. The space will become stable and it will be difficult to open.

Chen Xiang started to worry. His Luotian Gate was his trump card, if he couldn’t use it, then it would be troublesome when he ran for his life in the future.

"Could it be that the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family is going to rule this new world? They are now repelling the demons, and have set some conditions for those powers on those continents, perhaps to have those continents serve them! " Someone guessed.

For a new world to be born, it was akin to becoming an Emperor. How glorious would that be?

These people only desired to stir up trouble, so one of them chuckled and said: "If that’s the case, then there’s something to watch, for a force like the Super Martial School, if they are not loyal, and fight with the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family, and the old lunatic appears, hahaha ..." Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang really wanted to go over and clap his hands twice, come here to seek shelter, and even say such words. After he had matured, he became much younger, and was much different from the portraits that wanted to capture him, only acquaintances would be able to recognize him.

"That old lunatic’s disciple is quite powerful. He used to be the strongest cultivator in the Mortal Martial Realm, but there hasn’t been any news of him recently."

"It was all because of his master’s Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu that he was able to achieve what he is today. Any one of those youths from the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family would be able to kill him with a single palm!"

"Isn’t it just a playboy with a bit of apothecary talent who knows the divine arts?" Even if we don’t talk about Tong Tian Aristocratic Family, I can kill him with a single palm. I’m afraid that it’s just because his master is powerful. " A middle-aged man said with a sneer. Seeing that he was dressed extravagantly and had a stable aura, with the demeanor of an expert, everyone began to believe him.

Chen Xiang frowned. If this old man said that he wanted to kill him with a smack, he would admit it. However, this kind of braggart made him feel extremely unhappy.