Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was just unhappy and did not make any movements.

Chen Xiang is still very strong in the Chen Martial Continent. He is the number one pill refiner, the strongest warrior among the young, and many of the big shots are on good terms with him. I think it would be difficult for the disciples of the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family to compete with him. One of them retorted.

"Bullshit, the disciples of the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family are all from ancient times, they are strong, how can he compare to them?" The middle-aged man sneered, "If he was in front of me, I would have immediately stepped on him. Of course, the condition is that his master didn’t do anything to me. Those giants have a good relationship with him mostly because of his master."

A few people nodded in agreement. They thought that Chen Xiang was only so-so, but people were people who had never seen Chen Xiang’s might before.

Chen Xiang took a small breath and said lightly: "My master won’t do anything to you, come over here and stomp on me!"

His voice was calm, yet it carried with it an archaic power. His voice seemed to come from an ancient era, causing one’s heart to tremble. Just a few simple words from him was enough to cause the entire restaurant to quieten down.

After he finished this sentence, there was a formless ripple, causing the water in everyone’s goblets to slightly tremble.

Everyone looked towards the source of the voice and saw a youth in white clothes. He seemed to have seen through the mundane world as he elegantly sat there, tasting fine wine. It was hard to imagine that the one who spoke was actually him.

From his words, everyone could tell that he was Chen Xiang!

This was Super Martial School’s territory, it was natural for Chen Xiang to be here.

"It’s just a bluff, don’t think that you can fool people just like that. Although you say that, if I injure you, I know that I won’t be able to leave either. However, that doesn’t mean I’m weaker than you." That middle-aged man said disdainfully, not at all afraid of others.

Chen Xiang stood up, slowly walked over, and said with a smile: "You must be from the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family!"

After saying that, the middle-aged man’s face immediately changed. He snorted, "So what? Could it be that there is some rule that the people of the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family are not allowed to enter here? "

Everyone was shocked, now they knew why the middle aged man kept spouting nonsense. He was from the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family, which meant he had some confidence. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

No one would have thought that the legendary Chen Xiang, would actually be this young, and looked like a young man. But everyone could imagine, that it was because of cultivation, that the Leader, could make people return to their youth, and he seemed to be just a young man in his twenties.

"It’s nothing. I just heard that someone can beat me to death with a single palm. I just wanted to broaden my horizons. Please enlighten me!" Chen Xiang said in a bland voice. He also wanted to see what methods the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family had to be so arrogant.

It would be better for you to go to the city that belongs to our family. However, I won’t kill you with my palm, at most I will just cripple you and throw you into the Transmission array, where you can crawl back to Super Martial School! "

"Si!" Everyone took a deep breath. The people of Tong Tian Aristocratic Family were too arrogant, they actually dared to say such words.

Chen Xiang laughed heartily, "Rest assured, once I get to your territory, I will definitely not be afraid of your Tong Tian Aristocratic Family. I will make a bold move and cripple you, then drag you back here, to hang you right at his doorstep. Let’s see what the person who threatened to kill me looks like. "

Everyone was stunned again!

"Young man, don’t be too arrogant, anyone can talk big!" The middle-aged man’s face distorted and he stood up.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "Don’t be too arrogant, all the people who were acting so arrogantly in front of me are already dead."

"Let’s go!" The middle aged man truly did not dare make a move here, but Chen Xiang actually dared to go to their Tong Tian Aristocratic Family’s territory, causing them all to admire him.

Upon hearing this news, they all followed along, squeezed into the Transmission array and teleported to the "Ancient Tide Continent". This was originally the central continent of a world, although it wasn’t as big as the Continent of the King, it was still extremely prosperous. The city that Chen Xiang appeared in had a long history.

"Feng Zhenyun, what are you doing?" Seeing a group of people walking over, the City Lord of the city walked over and asked.

The middle-aged man who had threatened to kill Chen Xiang with a single slap was called Feng Zhenyun, a disciple of Tong Tian Aristocratic Family. Feng Zhenyun looked at Chen Xiang with disdain: "The genius of Chen Martial Continent doesn’t believe that he could be killed with a single palm, so please enlighten me!"

Chen Xiang added, and laughed: "He was worried that my master would make a move against him, so he invited me to his territory to spar with him."

When the surrounding people heard this, they were all shocked. There was actually someone who dared to challenge the disciples of Tong Tian Aristocratic Family, and that person was even going to someone else’s territory.

"The people of the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family are truly cowardly. They speak so big words, but they don’t dare to make a move on someone else’s territory. They even let them come to their territory."

"That’s right, this Chen Xiang who was previously offered a 10 billion bounty truly has guts to actually dare to come. Now we can broaden our horizons and see just how strong this man Feng Yun is!"

A few people who supported the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family did not think so, "The Tong Tian Aristocratic Family has a lot of reserves, and possesses many martial arts that are comparable to the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu. Every family has several Dan King s as their leader, and there are even more high ranking Alchemist s."

"That’s right. It’s said that the disciples of the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family are all brought along with them by Relive Dan."

After all, this was the first time that the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family had fought with someone from another sect in the past month of their existence. This caused a huge ruckus, and even the old fellows of the city came, but there were still disciples of the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family on the scene.

"Is this the person who was once offered a bounty of ten billion by the Dongfang family? Furthermore, he is even the friend of the Super Martial School’s Kylin thunder eagle, what is his actual strength? "

"Feng Zhenyun is just a side branch of my Tong Tian Aristocratic Family, but his strength is much stronger than many so-called young experts." A disciple of the Feng Clan laughed coldly, surprising everyone.

With a wave of his hand, Feng Zhenyun could release a wave of extraordinary Qi. The Innate Qi was extremely pure, with a single glance, one could tell that it was the style of a noble, a mere side branch.

This caused everyone to look at the blue-clothed disciples of Feng Clan. They were the real disciples of Feng Clan, so wouldn’t their strength be even more terrifying?

Feng Zhenyun’s thunderous voice shook the entire city as his fists released a blue glow. Waves of Qi surged out from his fists and the amount of energy was extremely vast, as though it could smash a huge mountain.

"Although the Feng Clan’s Wind Cloud Fist is not orthodox, it is still very tyrannical." The City Lord exclaimed.

Feng Zhenyun’s body was like the wind, his footsteps were extremely strange, he flashed left and right, in the blink of an eye, he was already in front of Chen Xiang.