Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Clan’s Wind Cloud Fist was extremely powerful. Once it was unleashed, the sky and earth changed as the wind and clouds surged. The gale turned into a blade and with a flash of multicolored light, it enveloped Chen Xiang from all directions.

Who was Chen Xiang? He possessed peerless divine arts and had birthed a strong Dragon Power. At this moment, he had already transformed into a new person and had transcended the mortal world. He could no longer be considered an ordinary person and had already stepped on the heaven defying path from the time of his tribulation.

Once the Dragon Power was released, who could fight against it?

Chen Xiang’s palm shot out a Dragon Power that was as vast as the ocean, causing space to tremble. The force of the Wind Cloud Fist was immediately shattered, but Chen Xiang’s fist force still swept through everything, the white aura was like a dragon, its might like a hot knife through butter, as it struck towards Feng Zhenyun’s head.

Feng Zhenyun indeed had a bit of strength. At the critical moment, he released a huge bronze shield in front of him to block, and when the Dragon Fist Force smashed onto it, a loud crisp sound rang out. The sound lingered and spread in all directions like a wave of water, creating a strong sound wave.

Chen Xiang was slightly shocked, this huge bronze shield was not ordinary, rather, it looked extremely ancient, as though it had experienced countless years of baptism. After suffering from Chen Xiang’s terrifying Dragon Power attack, it had actually melted the entire Dragon Power away, and absorbed it into the shield, causing a sound wave that shook the heaven and earth.

Everyone’s hearts trembled, because that sound wave left some lingering fear in their hearts. If they were under the sound wave’s rippling, maybe they would be turned into dust, but Chen Xiang was completely fine.

Chen Xiang was indeed attacked by the sound wave, but his body was extremely strong, comparable to that of a Heavenly Immortal. Just the blood Qi from his body alone was enough to dissolve the sound wave.

"Not bad, not bad at all. He actually used a weapon to block my attack." Chen Xiang purposely emphasized on "weapon", his voice full of ridicule.

Feng Zhenyun laughed coldly: "This is also a part of my power, I was able to obtain such a powerful ancient weapon through my own power, why can’t I use it?"

Comparing weapons? Most likely, no one could compare to Chen Xiang, there were three types on the Four Symbols Divine Weapons, but he did not plan to use them, because the other party was not even from the Nirvana Stage, so in his eyes, he was no different from an ant and did not have the qualifications to force him to use his Divine Weapon.

"This guy’s Bronze Shield is very powerful. Looking at the Spirit grain on it, it should be very ancient. Even in the Imperial Dragon Race, there are only records of it in ancient books that are about to disappear." Long Xueyi’s voice was heavy.

Chen Xiang was shocked. How old was an ancient book that was about to disappear?

"However, this Bronze Shield is only an ordinary item. If it was a powerful item, it would have rebounded when you attacked. I wonder where this guy got it from. Could it be that the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family is really an ancient family that exists alongside the heavens and the earth?" Long Xueyi was very curious. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Feng Zhenyun held onto the huge bronze shield, walking with extremely fierce steps, with a face full of disdain: "The Dragon Power is only so-so, the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu on you is too much, why not hand it over to us Feng Clan to cultivate!"

The huge bronze shield released an ancient green light, fiercely smashing towards Chen Xiang, releasing a pressure that felt like it was pressing down from a mountain, wanting to squash Chen Xiang into meat paste.

"You are not qualified to cultivate the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu!" Chen Xiang sneered, with a casual wave of his hand, he slapped away the gigantic shield as if he was shooing away a fly.

"Dang" a sound was heard, it was extremely comfortable, but it was completely shocking, especially Feng Zhenyun, who looked at Chen Xiang with a face full of disbelief. Just now, that shield attack was extremely powerful, but it had been broken by Chen Xiang with a casual wave of his hand.

The crowd instantly became silent. What level of strength was this!

"Kacha!" Everyone’s gaze concentrated on the huge bronze shield. They saw that many cracks had actually appeared on it and this seemingly indestructible huge bronze shield had actually been smashed into pieces by Chen Xiang as if he was shooing away flies.

Chen Xiang’s expression was calm, without a single ripple, it looked as if he had just kicked a fly. He casually swept over Feng Zhenyun and asked: "Are you trying to obtain the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu?"

"You ... How dare you destroy my precious shield, I will make you pay with your life! " Feng Zhenyun roared, he pounced towards Chen Xiang, he believed that this was Feng Clan’s territory and with the disciples of Feng Clan watching from the side, Chen Xiang did not dare to kill him.

But he was wrong, Chen Xiang was not afraid of the heavens or the earth, he had killed many big shots in the past, he did not care about any God Children’s things at all, let alone this kind of guy.

"You overestimate yourself!" Chen Xiang waved his hand, and a golden hand appeared, slamming Feng Zhenyun onto the ground. An extremely terrifying killing intent filled the air, filling the entire plaza, causing everyone to feel cold.

Feng Zhenyun was smashed into pieces, sticking to the rocks on the ground and turning into meat paste.

Dead!

Feng Zhenyun was not weak, his Wind Cloud Fist had already frightened many people, but in front of Chen Xiang, he was just an ant, being smashed into pieces by Chen Xiang’s light palm. Thinking back to how he had shouted that he would slap Chen Xiang to death, it was really laughable.

"How dare you kill my Feng Clan’s men in front of us, and even destroy our Feng Clan’s treasures. Today, we will capture you. Not only will we imprison you, we will also make the Super Martial School compensate for your losses." A handsome man wearing blue clothes raised his eyebrows. His face was filled with a sneer and he had an overweeningly arrogant look, causing people to feel extremely disgusted.

Another lady in a blue dress also shouted coldly, "Chen Xiang, I heard that you have a powerful blade, hand it over and I’ll give you a complete corpse. Of course, if you can hand over the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, we can let you go, at most we can suppress you for a hundred years."

Chen Xiang was stunned, this was the first time he had seen someone act so arrogantly, daring to so openly threaten him, forcing him to hand over the divine arts and treasured blade, the disciples of the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family were not good as expected, men and women were the same, everyone looked like they were about to have a fierce battle, and immediately retreated.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "If I don’t kill him, he will kill me. Moreover, he was the one who provoked me first, I have obtained my treasured blade and martial arts honorably and honorably, why should I give it to you?"

At that time, only our Tong Tian Aristocratic Family had the ability to refine it. As for the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, it is also an eternal existence, at that time, our ancestors had already seen it before, they could even say that it belonged to our Feng Clan, so it is natural for you to hand it over now. "Su Yun said. That woman had a sharp mouth as she coldly said. Looking at their aggressive attitude, she was sure that they would not give up.

The Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu is my Imperial Dragon Race’s, I agree to pass it to you! The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword is related to my Imperial Dragon Race’s Azure Dragon Emperor, why is it theirs? give them a hundred thousand years, and they won’t even be able to carve the Spirit grain on it. "

How could she not be angry? If not for Su Meiyao’s persuasion, she would have appeared a long time ago, and beat these proud children of her family into meat paste.