Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Other powers might fear the Super Martial School, but that was not true for the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family, because they were extremely confident in their own strength and they were also from the ancient Tong Tian Aristocratic Family, so at this time, the matter had already spread throughout the entire New World. If the Feng Clan did not settle this well, they would definitely be mocked, so they had to take Chen Xiang down.

Inside the Super Martial profound Realm, Chen Xiang was currently eating barbecue with a slovenly, white-haired old man.

"Little bastard, your peerless tribulation is too satisfying. I want to give it a try too, haha ..." After Huang Jintian heard about Chen Xiang’s tribulation, he laughed loudly.

"Master, if that wasn’t the fire tribulation, I would have died a long time ago. You still have the heart to laugh here!" Chen Xiang said snappily.

"Hehe, if you weren’t Alchemist, you might not have been struck by fire tribulation." Huang Jintian laughed.

When a Alchemist transcends tribulation, their power will become even stronger. However, even in the midst of the tribulation of two thousand people, Chen Xiang still could not feel if his Nirvana Doom was stronger than others.

"Master, what is the background of the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family? Damn it, they actually said that the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu was created by their ancestors, and they even wanted to snatch my blade, saying that my blade is related to their Tong Tian Aristocratic Family’s ancestors. " As Chen Xiang spoke of this matter, his face was still filled with anger.

"Motherf * cker, if it wasn’t for the fact that they were hiding somewhere in profound Realm with an old guy, I would have almost killed a Tong Tian Aristocratic Family all those years ago!" Huang Jintian was instantly enraged, and smashed a piece of meat in his hands onto the ground fiercely. "This group of fellows appeared? Back then, when I was travelling across borders, I was hunted down by a group of bastards who wanted to snatch my Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu! " F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Chen Xiang was stunned, these Tong Tian Aristocratic Family s were truly too shameless, as long as they had powerful martial arts, he would just say it was theirs.

"Kid, let me tell you, if someone is interested in stealing your Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, even if he’s the god of the heavens, we can talk after we kill him." Huang Jintian warned him with a serious expression: "We must not let the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu land in the hands of Tong Tian Aristocratic Family."

Chen Xiang nodded: "I understand!"

"Tong Tian Aristocratic Family, they are indeed not weak. The reason they are called Tong Tian Aristocratic Family is because their path to heaven is unimpeded and unimpeded, is because they will not encounter Nirvana Doom, and when they break through Nirvana, it is equivalent to the cultivation of other realms. I think this is related to their cultivation, or perhaps it is related to their bloodline." Huang Jintian said as if he was thinking about something.

Chen Xiang was shocked. If they did not encounter Nirvana Doom, then wouldn’t the road of ascension for these Tong Tian Aristocratic Family be extremely easy?

"But, because they do not have Nirvana Doom, and have not experienced any tribulations, their strength is much weaker than those of the same level, so they would search for large amounts of bodies to make up for it. However, if one of them could awaken a Heavenly Bloodline, then there would not be such a drawback." Huang Jintian continued.

Chen Xiang never thought that Huang Jintian had come into contact with the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family before, and following that, he told Huang Jintian about how the various continents of this new world would collide with each other.

"It’s very likely that this happened during the evolution of the world. If it really becomes like this, I can leave now, and I’m also waiting for this day to come. The Tong Tian Aristocratic Family has already made their move, and they are paving the way for their great cause of ruling this new world."

"Once this new world’s evolution is completed and it becomes a more stable and powerful world, the old ones in Tong Tian Aristocratic Family will be able to leave profound Realm and their Tong Tian Aristocratic Family will be able to do whatever they want."

Chen Xiang took a deep breath with a serious face.

"Aren’t those old guys planning to ascend?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

Flying is not a good thing, if you do not fly, you are the strongest existence here, but if you fly to Heaven Realm, you are just an ant, if you cultivate well, with sufficient resources, most people would hide in profound Realm and cultivate successfully, then fly to Heaven Realm. Huang Jintian explained.

"Even the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family is tyrannical, you killed a lot of them, and slapped their faces, they will definitely not let you go."

Chen Xiang laughed: "I’m not afraid of them. If they have the guts, then come at me!"

Huang Jintian and Chen Xiang fought for a few rounds, after inspecting Chen Xiang’s strength, he let Chen Xiang go out and prepare to deal with Tong Tian Aristocratic Family.

The moment Chen Xiang came out, Gu Dongchen came to look for him. He had long heard of this extremely important matter.

"Junior Martial Uncle, those guys will be knocking on my door soon. When the time comes, let’s see how I’ll teach them a lesson!" Gu Dongchen sneered.

This surprised Chen Xiang, and he anxiously asked: "a lad, don’t you blame us for causing such a disaster?"

"What’s there to blame? This Feng Clan is extremely arrogant, he actually wants us Chen Martial Continent to submit to them, and even said that we will not submit to them, we will only be able to walk the road of destruction in the future.

Hua Xiangyue was now in charge of the Dan Fragrance Pure Land, and Wu Kaiming was outside the Great Devil Mountains, and they were the only ones in the Super Martial School right now, but he was not afraid of the Feng Clan coming knocking on his door.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Gu Dongchen was furious. He turned into a ray of light and left the Super Martial profound Realm, arriving at the main entrance.

Chen Xiang knew that it was definitely the Feng Clan who took action, and anxiously followed him out. Gu Dongchen came from the mysterious Ancient Spirit Race of the Ancient Spirit Great Land, his strength was deep and unfathomable.

At the entrance of the Super Martial School, there were four white-haired old men wearing blue robes. Behind them were twenty young men and women, and they all secretly frowned. The Super Martial School was not so weak.

With a shua sound, Gu Dongchen arrived at the entrance of the Super Martial School’s majestic gates. He bellowed at the group of Feng Clan’s people: "That trash is causing trouble here, hurry up and come out.

The people of Feng Clan were immediately angered. In their eyes, the Super Martial School was merely a small sect, yet he was so presumptuous.

"Hmph, don’t think that you are invincible with just an immortal backing you up!" You are Gu Dongchen, right? Quickly hand over Chen Xiang and then, kowtow to us and admit your wrongs. You actually dare to insult our Feng Clan! " An elder sneered.

Chen Xiang also walked out. Hearing these words, his heart was ignited with anger.

Gu Dongchen was also stunned for a while, it was the first time someone got him to kowtow and admit his mistake.

Do not think that your Tong Tian Aristocratic Family is lawless and wants me to kowtow to you and recognize the wrong door. You bunch of bastards were the ones who attacked our Super Martial School. Gu Dongchen held his hands behind his back, and his voice was like thunder as it rolled and spread throughout the entire Heaven Door City, shocking everyone.