Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

To think that someone would see through his disguise, Chen Xiang did not hide his true face and continued to attack Feng Yaoming’s armor with his Heaven Blasting Palm.

Seeing that it was really Chen Xiang, the entire plaza exclaimed, everyone could see what happened to Feng Yaoming!

"Kacha!" Feng Yaoming’s armor suddenly cracked, causing him to tremble with fear.

"Don’t kill me... Otherwise Feng Clan will not let you go! " Feng Yaoming shouted loudly, at the same time, the golden armor on his body suddenly cracked, Chen Xiang released two blazing Heaven Blasting Palm s consecutively, turning Feng Yaoming into ashes and dissipating along with the wind from his palm.

This Feng Yaoming was the son of the Feng Clan’s Patriarch, and his grandfather seemed to be very powerful as well. Chen Xiang actually just killed him like that, not even leaving his corpse behind, it had completely infuriated Feng Clan.

"Humph, everyone just saw it. He was the one who wanted to kill me first. If I didn’t have the strength, I would be the one who died." Chen Xiang said lightly.

Duan Sanchang was also startled, at most, he dared to teach Feng Yaoming a lesson, but Chen Xiang had turned him into ashes!

"Brother Shen, let’s go now!" Duan Sanchang brought Chen Xiang and quickly flew towards the city gate. If there was an old man from Feng Clan here, then Chen Xiang would be in deep trouble.

Duan Sanchang brought Chen Xiang into a forest and changed his appearance before daring to take the main road.

"Brother Shen, you don’t have to worry about the Feng Clan chasing after you. Without the Transmission array technique, the news will spread very slowly." Duan Sanchang laughed: "That Feng Yaoming is far inferior to his brother, but compared to the disciples of the large sects, he’s still very strong. I never expected him to kill him!"

Chen Xiang shook his head: "Feng Clan has always wanted to steal my treasured blade and Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, I’m not afraid of them."

"These Tong Tian Aristocratic Family are all like this. Back then, when our Duan Clan was on the verge of collapse, they also robbed us a few times. This group of bastards." Anger surfaced on Duan Sanchang’s face. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Brother Duan, what’s a Heavenly Sealing Grounds?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

Duan Sanchang sighed: "It’s a place that is sealed by the heavens, this isn’t a coincidence, rather, it’s sealed once in awhile, but now it’s completely over, in the future, we won’t be sealed anymore."

"Your Duan Clan has appeared as well?" That Feng Yaoming is so afraid of your Duan Clan, you guys should be very powerful. " Chen Xiang laughed.

"Actually... However, we specialized in digging the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family, so they are afraid that we would hate me too. If they offend our Duan Clan, we would do everything we can to dig out all of their ancestral graves! " Duan Sanchang’s words stunned Chen Xiang.

Our Duan Clan’s goal is not only to find the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family, but also the graves of some of the powers within the Demon and Devil Realms. The reason why I came out this time is because I want to go to the Rough and Random profound Land to have a look. My father said that there might be a big clan there.

Chen Xiang secretly exclaimed in his heart. Now he understood why the Duan Clan was sealed so often.

Duan Sanchang saw Chen Xiang’s look of disdain, and anxiously said: "Don’t look at me like that, we tombs robbers also have morals, we will definitely not send our ancestors out, we will only let them die with us."

Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "Looks like it’s very easy for your Duan Clan to be hunted down!"

"Of course, in the ancient times, our Duan Clan was called a street rat by everyone, but it was precisely because of this that many old fellows brought coffins and cultivated their experiences to see the light of day once again. Without our Duan Clan, this world might not have been as prosperous as it is today." Duan Sanchang said shamelessly.

"Brother Duan, how long will it take to get to the Rough and Random profound Land from here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Rough and Random profound Land is in the south. If we were to travel at full speed, it would take about eight to nine months." Duan Sanchang could not help but sigh, "If only we had left a few days earlier."

A few days ago, the Transmission array was still usable.

"Brother Duan, you should know those Tong Tian Aristocratic Family s very well, right? Can you tell me something? " Chen Xiang was very curious about these Tong Tian Aristocratic Family, because they had those ancient Spirit grain that even Long Xueyi did not understand.

It is said that there were many races at that time, and the human race was the weakest of them all. But after a period of time, many experts of the human race appeared, flourishing at the peak, suppressing the other foreign races and occupying a large piece of land. It is said that they received the blessing of the heavens, and would not encounter Nirvana Doom while going against the heavens.

"Then somehow, the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family suddenly disappeared and all of them hid inside the profound Realm. Furthermore, they have a secret method to find other profound Realm and then merge these profound Realm into their Great profound Realm, so they have a lot of resources and are very powerful!" Duan Sanchang slowly said.

"Of course, our Duan Clan has been around for a long time, and we have the ability to travel back and forth between profound Realm s. In order to figure out what happened before the Primordial Era, we started this business ... I have risked my life to visit those old fellows’ mausoleum. "

Brother Shen, don’t look at me like that. You must know that tomb robbing is extremely dangerous, and our Duan Clan has suffered the deaths of many outstanding talents over the generations, and they have even been sealed off from time to time. The longest time, it was sealed for a full thirty thousand years.

Chen Xiang was convinced by the Duan Clan that even after being sealed up by the Heavens, they could still come out and dig graves.

The Duan Clan continued to talk about the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family, "Let’s talk about the Feng Clan, there are a few old fellows hiding in their profound Realm, all of them have transcended the nine levels of tribulation and can ascend. However, even if they were to ascend to Heaven Realm, they would not be able to break through, and would eventually die of old age in the Heaven Realm.

"The Heavenly Maiden and the Heavenly Son, they will enter the Heaven Realm sooner or later, because they have the so called unparalleled potential, they can fly to the Heaven Realm at a very young age. Furthermore, after going to the Heaven Realm, they will be groomed by the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family above, and they will enjoy limitless glory."

More than two hours after Chen Xiang and the rest left the City of the King, a wave of spatial ripples appeared in the sky above the City of the King. A few elders actually traveled through the void to the City of the King, and from the clothes they wore, one could tell that they were from the Feng Clan.

Not long after the death of one of the sons of the Feng Clan’s Patriarch, these old fellows sensed it. After the people saw it, they all hid away to prevent the old fellows from getting angry and destroying the entire city.