Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The Feng Clan sent people to the Super Martial School to cause trouble, none of them were able to return, and all of them were killed. However, Feng Clan didn’t do anything immediately, as if he had something important to do. But now that Chen Xiang had killed their Patriarch’s son, if Feng Clan didn’t do anything, he would be mocked by the people of the world.

Within the City of the King, when the elders from the Feng Clan arrived, they immediately released a bounty on the spot. After cutting off Chen Xiang’s head, they would be able to obtain five Relive Dan s, and by capturing Chen Xiang alive, they could get ten, and by providing effective clues, they could get two.

This bounty was very tempting, because Relive Dan were high quality Ground level pills, they were all sold in the market, the price was very high, and ten Relive Dan were expensive, it was enough to make many old fellows go all out.

----- As a rich pill owner, Chen Xiang did not know that he had been offered a pill as a reward, but even if he knew that he was not afraid, he wished for more people to come and find him.

"I say, San Chang, your Duan Clan is so good at digging graves, but do you not have any powerful methods to cross space?" Chen Xiang followed behind Duan Sanchang, and after walking for three days, Duan Sanchang slowly took his time. He passed by a few places, and liked to climb up the mountain to take a look, and while he was rushing, he was actually searching for a grave.

Chen Xiang was a little worried that he would be sealed by the heavens if he stayed with this guy for too long.

"To be honest, this is the first time I’ve left the Duan Clan to gain experience. Although I’ve dug other people’s tombs before, their scale is still too small, and this Continent of the King is also a very ancient place. I want to see if I can find a large tombstone here." Duan Sanchang laughed.

Chen Xiang went to the Rough and Random profound Land mainly to look for some Spirit Medicines, the middle grade Ground level s were considered very rare Spirit Medicines, even if he went to the Pill City to look, he might not be able to find them.

"Perhaps we can try using the Luotian Gate and Spatial Elemental Bead. However, it will affect the lifespan of the Luotian Gate and the Spatial Elemental Bead. Perhaps before too many times, the Luotian Gate will break." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang anxiously took out the Luotian Gate and Spatial Elemental Bead, and said: "Whatever, if we continue to follow this guy, I will definitely dig quite a few graves, I don’t know when I will be able to get to the Rough and Random profound Land."

Luotian Gate needed to absorb a large amount of energy to transform it into Spatial Force and open a Space Gate. However, the Spatial Force inside the Spatial Orb was pure and vast, so it was much more convenient to use with Spatial Magic Treasures.

Chen Xiang activated his Luotian Gate, allowing it to absorb a large amount of energy from the spatial orbs. Chen Xiang controlled the Luotian Gate to frantically absorb energy, and then moved it to the closest continent in the Rough and Random profound Land.

Seeing a dimensional door slowly forming, Duan Sanchang was so shocked that his mouth dropped open.

"I say, Brother Shen, this magical treasure of yours is too heaven defying. However, it seems that you won’t be able to withstand it too many times!" Duan Sanchang anxiously walked over, and saw that the Luotian Gate disk in Chen Xiang’s hand was trembling, obviously because he had poured too much energy into it.

Duan Sanchang was a descendant of a tomb robbing family and was an knowledgeable person. When he saw Chen Xiang’s spatial origin orbs and Luotian Gate, his eyes immediately lit up, as if he had discovered the tomb of an emperor.

"Hurry up and go in, there should be more tombs in Rough and Random profound Land, don’t waste your time here." Chen Xiang said.

Duan Sanchang chuckled and stepped into the spatial gate with Chen Xiang.

Bang.

From behind the Space Gate, Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang fell into a large swamp.

"Crap, all the continents are merged together. That means those coordinates were moved. This is trouble." Chen Xiang slapped his head and shouted.

"We are in trouble, there is something here that makes me uneasy. Brother Shen, look at the ground ..." This should be the mark left by a very, very venomous snake, and there’s more than one of it... " Duan Sanchang’s face instantly turned green and filled with fear.

Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "Isn’t it just a snake? What is there to be afraid of? "

"You don’t understand. These snakes are all extremely terrifying creatures. They are all at the edge of the Flood Dragon’s transformation. Their bodies are extremely terrifying, and they are also extremely poisonous." Duan Sanchang looked around vigilantly. He could sense the Qi left behind by the giant snakes and he could judge their strength.

Long Xueyi suddenly spoke out from inside the ring: "This is a poisonous snake nest. According to its aura, there should be at least ten Zijin poison boa here!"

Zijin poison boa! It was said that this kind of poisonous python was the easiest way to evolve into a dragon. It had a lot of sharp teeth the moment it was born, and a mature Zijin poison boa would be able to easily crush a Nirvana Tribulation Ranker.

"It’s the Zijin poison boa!" Duan Sanchang’s face turned green, he fiercely swallowed his saliva, and his entire body shivered as he pointed to a stone: "Look, that is a piece of skin that has been shed, the purple gold was originally even brighter, and is about to turn into a dragon!"

Chen Xiang anxiously took out the Luotian Gate, but realised that the Luotian Gate was not absorbing the energy from the spatial orb, obviously there was a problem with it being forced to use it.

"Then why aren’t you leaving yet!" Chen Xiang anxiously ran, with Duan Sanchang following closely behind.

"I say, Brother Shen, the teleportation spot you set up is really too good. It’s actually the nest of Zijin poison boa." Duan Sanchang said as he ran. He had been together with Chen Xiang for three days, the two of them were very opportunistic, because Duan Sanchang was also the type of person that was always chased by people. After all, he specially dug the grave of their ancestor.

An hour later, they arrived in a forest, panting heavily. Not a single Zijin poison boa appeared, so they could be considered to have escaped danger.

At this moment, a group of people wearing a white robe suddenly appeared around them. Most of them were young men, a few were middle-aged, and the leading two were old men. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Who are you? You dare to come to our White Sea Imperial Land’s territory, and hand over your Storage magic treasure for us to inspect? If you have anything else that you want to take away from us, then you must return to our White Sea Imperial Land and capture you. One of the old man looked gloomy, and shouted at Chen Xiang and the rest.

The White Sea Imperial Land and the Peach Blossom Imperial Land are the two great saints of the south, and this is actually their territory?

"Is this the profound Realm of Bai Hai?" Duan Sanchang looked at his surroundings and felt that it didn’t look like it at all.

"Of course not, how can you bunch of trash enter the White Sea Imperial Land? This is the closest region to Rough and Random profound Land, and belongs to our White Sea Imperial Land. Cut the crap and quickly hand over the Storage magic treasure. " the old man said angrily.

Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang were both a little angry in their hearts. Why did your White Sea Imperial Land occupy this place? I have to give you all the Storage magic treasure after I enter this place?

However, the two leading old men were not weak, judging from their Qi, they had at least passed the five tribulations and six tribulations, the middle-aged men had also just passed through the Nirvana Doom, as for the young people, most of them were like the Extreme realm, with dozens of them altogether.

Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang looked at each other, and the corners of their mouths slightly raised.

"Old bastard, old turtle, the name of the guy from the White Sea Imperial Land should be Bai Hai, stupid bastard." Duan Sanchang immediately scolded.

"They don’t look like turtles, but they have rather long faces and look like two horses. No, they look like two donkeys!" Chen Xiang laughed.

The two elders from the White Sea Imperial Land were immediately shocked, and then they flew into a rage, their rage soaring to the sky. Someone actually dared to scold them like that in front of everyone, this was something they had never encountered before.

The youngsters also turned pale with fright. These two elders were high and mighty, but now they were being humiliated like this by someone else!

"Catch them! I want to skin them alive!" An old man roared.

Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang immediately ran towards the Zijin poison boa’s nest.