Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang were going to lure all of these White Sea Imperial Land’s people to the Zijin poison boa’s lair. They were extremely confident in their own speed, they were people that ran for their lives all year round. If their skills were insufficient, they would have been captured long ago.

"You two little bastards, don’t run!" an old man shouted. He did not expect the two cursing people to run so fast.

"Old Turtle, don’t even try to chase us! Just look at your speed! In our eyes, you’re slower than a turtle!" Chen Xiang mocked.

"I’ll cripple you!" An old man shouted in anger, his expression extremely ugly.

Very quickly, the two White Sea Imperial Land elders felt that something was amiss and immediately stopped.

"Stop chasing, don’t fall for the trap!" The old man’s expression changed, and he said: "In front of us is the Zijin poison boa’s nest, if we were to be discovered by the Zijin poison boa, it would be troublesome!"

"That’s right, Zijin poison boa are known as the Lightning Poison Dragon, they are very fast, these two little trash actually want to kill us!" The other old man was even angrier, but he was covered in cold sweat, if he was stared at by a large group of Zijin poison boa ...

Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang were both rather disappointed, because their plan had been seen through. They couldn’t beat those two old fellows, but they were confident in their own speed, so they weren’t afraid of entering the den of snakes.

"What should we do?" Duan San stopped.

"Chang Zi, go deal with them. Don’t get too far away from here. I’ll go lure the Zijin poison boa out." Chen Xiang smiled slightly.

"What?" As long as you get close to the snake nest, don’t go in. The poisonous gas that the Zijin poison boa spew out is not a joke. " Duan Sanchang did not agree with Chen Xiang’s suggestion.

"I am a Alchemist, I am not afraid of poison." Chen Xiang chuckled.

Duan Sanchang had heard about Chen Xiang’s achievements a long time ago, and now that he suddenly recalled that Chen Xiang had another heaven-defying identity, he laughed.

"Alright, be careful."

Duan Sanchang went to stall the fellows of the White Sea Imperial Land and lead them in going around in circles.

However, Chen Xiang instead entered the Zijin poison boa’s nest and took out a Small shaping Dan to attract its attention.

Not long after, Long Xueyi shouted in shock: "There are too many, around ten of them, each of them are as thick as a water jar, take the Small shaping Dan and run!"

Chen Xiang immediately flew up, and just moments after he ran, a purple gold poisonous miasma floated over, 12 of them appeared, their bodies were filled with purple gold scales, the water vats were thick, and their eyes were also purple gold. It was extremely scary.

The twelve Zijin poison boa swam like bolts of lightning and followed closely behind Chen Xiang. Although none of the Zijin poison boa could catch up to him, he was overwhelmed with shock, all his hair standing on end.

He couldn’t help but increase his speed by a lot, and he quickly pulled some distance away from the Zijin poison boa.

"Chang Zi, you’re here!" When Chen Xiang saw Duan Sanchang, he quickly called Duan Sanchang.

Duan Sanchang also felt that this was very exciting.

Chen Xiang’s mind suddenly flashed, and anxiously said: "Seniors and seniors of the White Sea Imperial Land, I think there is a misunderstanding between us, we have indeed obtained some things in this area, we have picked up a few Small shaping Dan s, if you need them, take them out!"

Chen Xiang threw the Small shaping Dan out. The two old men were immediately shocked, it was indeed a high quality Small shaping Dan, their White Sea Imperial Land also had a few profound beasts in captivity, and these Small shaping Dan were pretty useful to them, especially those of such high quality.

The two elders anxiously picked it up, while Chen Xiang pulled Duan Sanchang and ran frantically. At the same time, 10 purple gold light rays flashed, it was the Zijin poison boa.

Seeing that, the two old men from White Sea Imperial Land immediately started cursing. They thought that the Zijin poison boa s were here for the Small shaping Dan, and furthermore, it was Chen Xiang who had deliberately lured the Zijin poison boa over.

"Little bastard, you’ve killed us!" "Everyone, quickly run..." Even without the elder’s explanation, those young and middle-aged men had already started to run away. At this time, the elder was also unwilling to part with the Small shaping Dan, so he could only run away.

What made Chen Xiang depressed was that the twelve Zijin poison boa were actually chasing after him.

"It’s troublesome, your aura has been remembered by them, and you have also been to his den, it seems that the Small shaping Dan technique will not work!" Duan Sanchang said.

Chen Xiang anxiously said: "Chang Zi, follow those old fellows!" With that, he changed his direction and ran in the direction of White Sea Imperial Land’s group.

The two old men were secretly happy that Chen Xiang had not been able to steal a single grain of rice, but seeing that Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang had suddenly caught up to them, they wanted to curse him out of anger.

"Seniors, I will do as you say. After luring these fellows over, how can you just abandon us and run? You guys are not nice! " Chen Xiang shouted. He was naturally saying this to the Zijin poison boa, these Zijin poison boa all had their senses opened, so they naturally knew what this meant.

"Don’t speak nonsense..." An old man hastily shouted.

Seeing that the Zijin poison boa behind them were even faster, Chen Xiang knew that his words were effective, and Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang was running in front of them.

"Damn it, why are these two f * cking bastards running faster than rabbits!" One of the elderly men scolded, but the slower young men groaned in their hearts, using all of their strength to run for their lives, but a few of them were still melted by the poison qi from the Zijin poison boa.

If it weren’t for the fact that they wanted to save their lives, the two old men would have already killed the two laughing guys.

Isn’t this the territory of your White Sea Imperial Land? These Zijin poison boa are also yours, you guys take care of them properly, we won’t be accompanying you guys. " Duan Sanchang laughed.

Although Zijin poison boa s were fast, Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang could escape from them. People like them did not have the ability to escape, nor did they dare to cause trouble. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

In the blink of an eye, only the Nirvana Stage remained. They were still running for their lives and the others were all dead.

Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang had long since escaped far away, although the dimensional door had deviated a little, it was just right. Originally, Chen Xiang had only planned to go to the city closest to Rough and Random profound Land, but he did not expect to come to the outskirts of Rough and Random profound Land.

"The overall strength of this White Sea Imperial Land is not to be underestimated. Their profound Realm Bai Hai has a large white ocean inside that is filled with extremely dense spirit energy." Duan Sanchang said.

The White Sea Imperial Land was the same as the Peach Blossom Imperial Land. They both had a very good profound Realm and had inherited it for many years. They established a sect inside with a very solid foundation.

The sound of battle came from ahead of them. The aura made their hearts tremble, it was actually the experts of the Nirvana Stage fighting.

"White Sea Imperial Land’s White Sea Innate Qi is as vast and pure as water! This is a battle between disciples of the White Sea Imperial Land. " Duan Sanchang said as he furrowed his brows, "The other person ... This seems to be the Qin Clan’s Burning Immortal Innate Qi. When cultivated to mastery, the Innate Qi would not emit any sound, but it can produce terrifying flames. When the immortal came across this kind of Innate Qi, he would be burnt! "

"It’s the White Sea Imperial Land and Qin family’s people who are fighting."

Duan Sanchang said with certainty, then walked over: "Let’s go take a look, it seems that these two guys are experts."

Chen Xiang nodded and walked forward with Duan Sanchang.

In front of him, a burst of white light flashed and waves of violent auras surged over like a rushing sea, accompanied by a wave of scalding hot air. It was just as Duan Sanchang had said before, one wave of auras was as vast as the ocean while the other was as fierce as a raging inferno.