Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang saw that in front of them were two handsome young men fighting. Even though it was an intense battle, they were still graceful and their movements were extremely unrestrained.

"It’s White Sea Imperial Land and the Son of the Qin family exchanging pointers!" Duan Sanchang’s expression became serious. The two Heavenly Sons of the two families were actually so powerful, which made him feel apprehensive.

Chen Xiang was also very shocked, he knew that the Heavenly Sons chosen by the ancient powers were very young, but their strength were terrifying. It seemed like they were Nirvana Stage s who had undergone four or five tribulations, and they were strong existences at the same level, even if it was the seniors with the same cultivation as them, they would easily be killed in an instant.

"Is this the power of the Son of Heaven?" Chen Xiang’s face was solemn, his eyes full of shock.

White Sea Prince’s hands seemed to be wrapped by two silver white full moons, emitting a silver white light aura, his aura churned, the Innate Qi was as vast as the ocean.

The son of the Qin family had fists as bright as the sun, with flames spewing out and multicolored light shooting in all directions. He was fighting against White Sea Prince head on, and although every move was extremely tyrannical, it was clear that they were just sparring.

"Canghai Rushing Dragon!" White Sea Prince shouted loudly, and a sea full of multicolored light suddenly appeared behind him, surging up and down, the wind was blowing loudly, and there were still many dragons dancing frantically in the white sea, causing many streaks of white lightning, and the sound of thunder was resonating, it was a very shocking scene.

As if it was real, he spread out his arms, and Bai Hai’s Dragon Soaring Art rushed towards the son of the Qin family. The water dragons above appeared even more berserk, releasing waves of dragon roars, accompanied with the reverberations of thunder in the sky.

Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang who were not far away, were also trembling in fear. If it was them, it would not be easy to receive this attack, the Tian Zi was just too strong.

The son of the Qin family had a solemn expression on his face. He raised his hands into the air and let out a muffled cry. His palms emitted fiery red mist. A huge scorching sun suddenly appeared, looking exactly the same as the one hanging in the sky.

"Do you want to use fire to suppress the water?" Duan Sanchang exclaimed.

The son of the Qin family controlled the blazing sun he had created to fall down, bombarding the picture of a dragon dashing through the blue sea.

The two families’ martial arts competition was extremely intense, with Innate Qi being a battle of fire and water. As the two sides reassembled, it was as if the sun had fallen into the sea as waves of mist rose. The violent mist was extremely strong, it blew on the ground, gushing out in all directions, and a thick layer of mud was lifted wherever it went.

The great battle had not ended, and was still intensely progressing. Both sides still had extremely robust Innate Qi s, and from the looks of it, they were going to fight for a period of time.

White Sea Imperial Land and the Qin family’s son of the Qin family were fighting earnestly, Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang was also watching seriously, but at this time, Long Xueyi suddenly reminded him, there were a few people walking towards them.

"Who are you people?" The one who spoke was a middle-aged man.

"We’re just passing by, so we might as well take a look." Duan Sanchang hastily replied with a smile.

Behind the middle aged man, there were a few young people as well as an old man. They seemed to be the disciples of White Sea Imperial Land who were quite strong.

"They have all disguised themselves... This big bearded man is a young man, he looks like the Feng Clan’s wanted Chen Xiang. " A man’s eyes flashed with white light as he spoke.

Chen Xiang was shocked, he never thought that he would meet someone with this ability, who could actually see through his transformation technique!

"That fellow has a Spirit Eyes, this is natural!" Long Xueyi said: "So he can see through your transformation technique!"

Upon hearing the two words "Chen Xiang," the White Sea Prince and the son of the Qin family who were battling stopped in their tracks.

"Capture Chen Xiang and have him hand over the Immortal Saber and Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu." The son of the White Sea Imperial Land said indifferently, and continued his fight with the son of the Qin.

Hearing this, Chen Xiang immediately ran. The middle-aged man and the other old fellows were all very strong, it was obvious that he could not win against them.

Chang Zi, you should leave by yourself. Don’t worry about me, you can come and find me in the Super Martial School in the future. After Chen Xiang sent the sound transmission to Duan Sanchang, he immediately ran.

"Brother Shen, we are friends at first sight. See you in the future!" As long as I have the chance, I will definitely pull out all of Feng Clan’s tombs. " Of course, Duan Sanchang also wanted to follow Chen Xiang, but neither he nor Chen Xiang were those type of people who liked words. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Chase, we must take down Chen Xiang, no matter what methods, we must make him hand over his immortal blade and Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu!" White Sea Prince shouted in the midst of the battle.

Chen Xiang secretly clenched his teeth in his heart. From the words of the White Sea Prince, he hated the White Sea Imperial Land, and swore in his heart that in the future, he would definitely exterminate the White Sea Prince.

"One day, I will destroy the entire White Sea Imperial Land! He ...!" Chen Xiang became even more furious in his heart, it was fine for the Feng Clan to think about his divine blade, since there was some conflict between them.

However, White Sea Imperial Land had given such an order the moment he heard his name. This caused him to feel incomparable rage.

"Chen Xiang, you can’t escape. These are all members of our White Sea Imperial Land, hand over the divine blade and Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu and we will let you live!" An old man shouted.

"I have no enmity with you, I didn’t offend you, why did you steal my blade and art?" Chen Xiang increased his speed and asked.

"Humph, that celestial blade will only cost you money, leave it for us White Sea Prince to use, only he is worthy, you are not worthy!" The old man said indifferently. He spoke with a confident and confident tone, as if it was a matter that should be taken for granted.

No matter what, the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was obtained by Chen Xiang, and it was something that he recognized as its master. He even added a dragon soul onto the dragon soul that was added later on, but these ancient powers all thought that he was not worthy, and wanted to snatch it away!

He never thought that these powerful and ancient factions would not even blush when they tried to snatch things from him. This made him extremely angry.

"Even if I am not worthy, I will not give you bastards my sword. I will tell you all, from today onwards, your White Sea Imperial Land and I will not rest until we are dead. I will make your White Sea Prince bleed with my treasured blade to prove that I am not worthy!" Chen Xiang shouted in anger.

"Wishful thinking! Based on your words alone, you won’t live past today!" An old man sneered. The spectators had actually all caught up to him.

Chen Xiang ran very fast, causing the people of White Sea Imperial Land to have a headache. However, they felt that Chen Xiang was running at full speed using his Innate Qi, and would not be able to hold on for long.

"Let’s see who can’t live past today!" snorted, at the moment, he hated White Sea Imperial Land to the core, and he was not afraid of the people chasing from behind.