Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Far away from the place where the two Heavenly Sons fought, Chen Xiang entered a wasteland, running at a moderate pace on top of it, purposely not losing out to the people who were chasing after him.

There were so many experts from the White Sea Imperial Land in this area, it was obvious that there were quite a few of them, so it was obvious that this place was very important to the White Sea Imperial Land.

Chen Xiang suddenly stopped, and the people chasing him, were all middle-aged big size man, 5 white haired old man, 10 young people, all of them were powerful, and when they saw Chen Xiang stop to catch his breath, they suddenly flew up, and surrounded Chen Xiang.

Under the scorching sun, the desolate plains were shrouded in hot air. This place was completely deserted, and no one could save Chen Xiang, as the people of White Sea Imperial Land all thought that it would be hard for Chen Xiang to escape even if he had wings.

"No more strength? You sure are capable, to be able to run for so long, you truly are worthy of being called a person who offended Feng Clan. " An old man sneered.

The leading middle-aged man said, "We just received news that Feng Clan is offering a bounty to you. As long as you capture them alive, you will be able to obtain ten Relive Dan. It seems that we are lucky, haha."

Chen Xiang frowned, the Feng Clan had actually started to place a bounty on him, and it was even using Relive Dan s. His heart turned cold, since that was the case, he also planned to use Relive Dan s to place bounty on the Tian Zi.

He secretly urged the large number of Magical corruption gas s inside his dantian to float out from his body. They were colorless and tasteless and quickly spread out to their surroundings, enveloping those who were surrounding him.

At this moment, a smile appeared on his face.

"What are you laughing at? Death is at hand! " The big guy disdainfully said, "Obediently hand over the immortal blade and divine arts."

Chen Xiang laughed: Who doesn’t know when they’re about to die? You can forget about obtaining the Immortal Saber, but I can let you see me and I can also let you die under my treasured Saber. "

Just as Chen Xiang finished speaking, the 10 young men suddenly shouted out, their bodies started to rot, and very quickly, they became a pile of black rotten meat, only two of the young men managed to react and sat down, revolving Innate Qi to control the poison gas.

Very soon, the middle-aged man and the five elders also discovered that their faces had turned ashen. They hurriedly used their powers to resist the poison from spreading through their bodies. Otherwise, when it reached a certain point, they would die from the poison.

He immediately flew into a rage and threw a palm towards Chen Xiang. He activated the Innate Qi, at the same time, he increased the spread of the poison, and at the same time, nourished the Magical corruption gas, causing it to become stronger after absorbing the Innate Qi. In an instant, the old man who was about to attack Chen Xiang became a pool of purplish black liquid!

When the others saw this, their expressions became incomparably ugly. They immediately guessed what poison it was!

"Chen Xiang, this is a Super Old poison. A Magical corruption gas, do you know what the consequences would be if you use this poison?" The leader, a middle-aged man, had a face full of fear. He was very surprised that Chen Xiang could use this poison as he wished.

"Of course I know, but I believe you will keep it a secret for me!" Chen Xiang held the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword high up in the sky, and under the shine of the sunlight, it shone with an ice-cold green light.

The faces of the people from the White Sea Imperial Land were ashen, they could not move at all. Furthermore, when they saw Chen Xiang’s treasured blade, they realized that it was even more powerful than in the legends. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Chen Xiang pressed his hand on the middle aged man’s head, wanting to search his memories, but just as he was activating the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell, the middle aged man suddenly fainted, and then, his body turned purple black.

"There are imprints in the Sea of Consciousness of these bastards to prevent their souls from being searched!" Bai Youyou said.

"Hmph, you’re lucky!" Chen Xiang snorted, he waved his blade and cut down an old man’s head: "Didn’t you guys just say that my death was imminent?"

With that, he chopped down another old man with his blade. He was going to ask some questions from the other old men, but none of them were willing to say anything. In a few seconds, he had beheaded all of them.

In the end, he had asked the two young men forcefully, and the reason they were occupying this large area was because there was a large expanse of Fire phoenix purple gold ore. If Chen Xiang was not mistaken, these Fire phoenix purple gold were the top ingredients to be used in refining array discs.

The last two young men’s heads were also chopped off by Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang installed all these heads well, because these heads were not stained with Magical corruption gas, so they did not rot, and he wanted to hang them in the most eye-catching place, so that others would know the consequences of provoking him, Chen Xiang!

After cleaning up the scene, not only did he not leave any trace of Magical corruption gas s behind, he had even destroyed the remaining souls to prevent them from being summoned by the White Sea Imperial Land. If the news of him possessing a Magical corruption gas were to spread, even the Super Martial School would not be able to protect him.

"Fire phoenix purple gold are high-grade ores. They contain special energy, and without high-grade Storage magic treasure, they can’t be stored inside. There should be a warehouse of Fire phoenix purple gold nearby, I’ll go look for them first, then you can go to the nearby cities to hang up those heads." Long Xueyi said: "We must let them know what happens when they snatch the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu and Green dragon demon-slain broadsword!"

When it was near dawn, Chen Xiang had nailed the heads of all the elders from the White Sea Imperial Land onto the city walls. Furthermore, he had sealed them with an array, so no one without any strength would be able to take them off.

"This is the result of stealing my blade and Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu!"

Chen Xiang even left these words on the city wall, before turning into a bird and entering the forest.

Because there were so many treasures in Rough and Random profound Land, the nearby cities were all crowded with people, the matter quickly spread, Chen Xiang did not expect the people he killed to have status in White Sea Imperial Land.

That middle-aged man was actually the Son of Heaven’s uncle. Those few elders were all elders and had very high statuses in the White Sea Imperial Land. Now, their heads were actually nailed to the wall by someone else!

After seeing that line of words, everyone immediately thought of Chen Xiang, because Chen Xiang had the Immortal Saber and Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, so many big powers were staring at him, wanting to snatch it away!

On top of the city wall, the crowd stood still and watched, discussing amongst themselves.

"These people are all experts from the White Sea Imperial Land, they have all passed through the fourth level of Nirvana Tribulation. That uncle of the White Sea Prince passed the fifth level, yet he fell to such a state. It seems like they were all decapitated by a single blade strike!"

"Yeah, how much strength does it take to cut off their heads? These are all experts and not ordinary people. Cutting their heads is like slicing radishes, it’s too shocking! "

"You deserve it. You stole someone else’s celestial blade and godly technique. Your death was considered a bargain." Duan Sanchang was shocked when he saw these heads, he never thought that Chen Xiang had hidden his strength so deeply, that he would actually have the ability to chop off their heads.