Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang possessed two treasures, the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu and the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, so he would definitely be hunted down by the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family and the Sheng Domain. These two things were supreme treasures in the eyes of these ancient great powers, and they would use any means they could get their hands on these two items.

Right now, there were many people searching for traces of Chen Xiang in the vicinity of Rough and Random profound Land. If they could catch ten Relive Dan s alive and five heads, it would be enough for many people to risk their lives.

Chen Xiang did not hide inside the city, but instead went into the forest that was dominated by the White Sea Imperial Land once again. He wanted to dig up all the Fire phoenix purple gold mines here, and the Heavenly Emperor himself had ordered to capture him.

"Fire phoenix purple gold are very important to them, because they can be used to make array discs that are easy to carry, and they are very rare too. Rough and Random profound Land is not simple, there is actually such a large mine, no wonder there are so many elders guarding inside." Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang took out the Imperial Crystal, and was able to detect where there were the most Fire phoenix purple gold. After he sent his divine sense in, he quickly sensed that there were scattered Fire phoenix purple gold in the depths, the biggest being a millstone the size of it, and the smallest being a fist.

There were around 20,000 jin of Fire phoenix purple gold in here, which was considered very little for such a large area. But for many array masters, this was considered very much, because 500 jin of Fire phoenix purple gold would be enough to make a large array disc. For small array discs, 100 jin would be enough.

Fire phoenix purple gold s were a type of soft material, it would become very soft when heated, and was not suitable for forging weapons, but it was extremely suitable for carving array patterns. In addition, Fire phoenix purple gold could also become big and small, making it extremely convenient to carry around. This was also why this kind of material was so precious.

"There are still 20,000 Jin left. They have around 10,000 Jin in their warehouse." Chen Xiang pondered on how to take the Fire phoenix purple gold out of the warehouse.

These Fire phoenix purple gold that had not been treated would find it very difficult to fit into the Storage magic treasure, because this material was very magical, it could become larger and smaller, and ordinary Storage magic treasure would not be able to fit inside.

But the ring could, this ring was a sacred weapon even more powerful than immortal weapons!

"Leave the underground ones to me, I want you to deal with the ones on top." Long Xueyi giggled, then quietly ran out from inside the ring, turned into a streak of white light, and entered the ground.

Long Xueyi’s strength had always been mysterious, and she also had a very unique Storage magic treasure. Chen Xiang knew that her Storage magic treasure contained a lot of delicious food.

Chen Xiang used the Heaven tour method to check his surroundings, but he did not find any powerful people, so the two elders guarding the warehouse were the strongest.

"White Sea Imperial Land, I want to let you all know the consequences of offending me, Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang’s body flashed with light and turned into the appearance of the White Sea Prince, slowly walking in the gloomy forest, heading towards the storage area that was protected by the array.

This warehouse was made of stone bricks and there were many powerful formations on the walls. Even a Nirvana Tribulation expert would have to put in a lot of effort to enter it.

Chen Xiang knew that the White Sea Prince held a very high position in the White Sea Imperial Land, if not he would not be able to order around a few elders. Now that he had turned into the White Sea Prince, the elders who saw him walking over from afar anxiously would walk over.

"Hurry up and move the Fire phoenix purple gold, all of you come here!" Chen Xiang purposely revealed a serious expression, calling everyone over so that he could easily release the Magical corruption gas and kill them all.

Everyone here knew that Chen Xiang had killed an important figure of the White Sea Imperial Land.

"It’s all because of Chen Xiang, Son of Heaven, you don’t have to worry, this fellow’s immortal blade and godly technique will be yours sooner or later. Although I don’t know what tricks he used, but under absolute strength, he will definitely die!" An elder said.

"That’s right, that immortal blade is a high grade immortal weapon. It would only be a waste in his hands, and sooner or later, it would be our White Sea Imperial Land’s!" The other year’s elder also hurriedly said, they were all flattering the Son of Heaven.

Chen Xiang sneered in his heart. He was going to see how these two old fellows would react!

After the people surrounded them, Chen Xiang released the Magical corruption gas and the Magical corruption gas quietly entered their bodies ...

"Ahh ..."

Dozens of people suddenly fell to the ground and struggled. However, their bodies soon turned stiff and turned purple-black in color. Only the two powerful elders were able to quickly react and stabilize the spread of the poison.

"Son of Heaven... We were poisoned, this. This is the Magical corruption gas, Son of Heaven you have the Heaven level’s detoxification pill in your hands, quickly give it to us to consume. " One of the elders looked around at the dead bodies around him. His face was ashen, his forehead was covered in sweat, and his face was filled with fear.

"Who exactly is using the Magical corruption gas? This is something the heaven and earth cannot tolerate. Son of Heaven, hurry up and help us cure the poison. That guy is hiding around us." The other elder almost moaned and shouted, because they could feel the terror of the Magical corruption gas, if they were slightly careless, they might become like the people on the ground!

Chen Xiang laughed, "The person who used the poison is far away from us..." Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

As he spoke, he had already changed back to his original appearance. He smiled and said: "Hehe, all of you have worked hard on mining these Fire phoenix purple gold for so long. I will use them properly.

"You ... You are Chen Xiang ... "Bastard..." One of the elders immediately flew into a rage, and with a flash of green light, the elder’s head was chopped off.

"Hehe, don’t you guys love flattering the Son of Heaven? Sooner or later, I will send him down to accompany you. I’ll send you guys on your way. Rest assured, I’ll give you guys a quick death, there won’t be any pain! " Chen Xiang laughed.

"White Sea Imperial Land will not let you off ..." The old man was so angry that his face turned green, but more of it was fear.

Chen Xiang waved his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and chopped off the head of the old man. Then, he broke the formation on the warehouse and took away all the Fire phoenix purple gold that weighed over ten thousand kilograms.

These Fire phoenix purple gold were all as hot as flames, but they were all purplish-gold in color. After Chen Xiang stored them in his ring, Long Xueyi also ran over.

Long Xueyi wore a set of blue dresses. At this time, she was already a slender and pretty woman, her beautiful jade face carried a sweet smile, making her seem somewhat cute and attractive.

Originally, Chen Xiang thought that it would take a long time before she would grow up.

If someone who wasn’t familiar with Long Xueyi, they would definitely think her to be a cute, naughty girl, but Chen Xiang knew that this Little Naughty Dragon was very bad, bad to the bones.

"You’ve got them all?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Hmm, is it surprising to see me like this?" Long Xueyi laughed, and even threw a flirtatious glance at Chen Xiang. Then, he shrugged his chest, and a wave rippled out ...

"I’m not surprised. Don’t try to seduce me. I’m not interested in you, a little bad dragon." Chen Xiang crossed his chest, looking completely uninterested.

"I don’t believe it." Long Xueyi stuck out her tongue, giggled, and then entered the ring.

Chen Xiang cleaned up the corpses on the ground, leaving nothing behind. He even set a fire in the forest.