Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Ji Meixian slowly walked towards Chen Xiang, the Innate Qi condensed on her feet, her footsteps looking extremely light, but with every step she took, the earth would slightly shake.

"Just surrender, hand over the immortal knife, and I’ll give you a complete corpse!" Ji Meixian said indifferently. At this point in time, she was even more otherworldly, her entire body shrouded in white mist, making her seem extremely holy and holy.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "I am sick of hearing these words, the blade is mine, why should I give it to you? I originally had no enmity with any of you, but you actually wanted to force my treasures, you moral and upright heavenly girls, you’re not worthy of such a title!

"Do you know how much effort I put into this knife? You actually want me to give it to someone else. Isn’t this too easy? Do you think so? "

"Hmph. You are not worthy of this thing. If it is in our hands, we can let the treasure flourish and it will only be trampled on by you." Ji Meixian said with disdain.

"Haha ..." Chen Xiang suddenly laughed, because he thought those words were too funny: "On what basis do you conclude that I am not fit to have one? Wouldn’t it be a waste to be in your hands? What’s the difference between you and me? Don’t tell me your shit is fragrant? "

didn’t think that the disciples of Sheng Domain and Tong Tian Aristocratic Family were much stronger than him. At most, their fate was good and they had some talent, but in the field of cultivation, it wasn’t to see who was strong from the beginning, but to see who could reach the end.

"Alright, I will give you the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. If you have the guts, take it!" Chen Xiang used all his strength and threw the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword into the ground. The ground immediately began to tremble.

The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was revolving with a green glow, and the dragon sculpture on it was imbued with a sense of majesty. At this moment, the gushing Qi actually produced a series of soft dragon roars, as if it was an angry dragon roaring.

Ji Meixian immediately flew towards the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword in the distance. Her movements was elegant and graceful, her eyes were filled with surprise and joy, looking carefully at the divine blade, the dragon carving on top of it was actually formed from countless profound Spirit grain, it was difficult to identify the materials on the blade, but it looked extremely sturdy, as though it could cut through heaven and earth and cut down everything.

The entire blade gave off a feeling as if it was facing an ancient dragon, and the aura it gave off made it difficult for people to breathe.

"Can we use Magical corruption gas s?" Chen Xiang had wanted to use it since long ago, but he could tell that Ji Meixian had a powerful treasure on him.

"Don’t use it, her clothes are very powerful and impervious to water and fire. Maybe the Magical corruption gas can’t kill her in such a short time and she’ll get away instead. When that happens, it’ll be troublesome." Su Meiyao said.

"The scent of her clothes makes me feel nostalgic." Bai Youyou said.

Chen Xiang was slightly shocked, there was actually such a powerful being on Ji Meixian’s body.

At this moment, he was also quietly merging with Long Xueyi’s strength. Long Xueyi was simply too strong, the Dragon Power in his body was endless, and it was the purest and most authentic Dragon Power. In order to stall for time, he threw out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword.

Of course he would not give the divine blade to others, it was because he had a very profound feeling towards the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. Other than him, no one else could take the divine blade away easily.

Furthermore, the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword had already fused with him, just like his limbs. Even if he left it there, no one else would be able to take it away.

Ji Meixian stretched out her slender jade hand and grabbed the handle of the blade, wanting to pull it out, but what shocked her was that this blade seemed to be connected to the earth itself. No matter how hard she tried, she was unable to pull it out.

Ji Meixian suddenly turned her head to look at Chen Xiang, only to see a faint layer of white light flowing over Chen Xiang’s body, she coldly asked: "Do I have to kill you in order for me to obtain this blade?"

Chen Xiang smiled, he waved his hand, and the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword turned into a ball of light and entered his body, then appeared back in his hand.

"If you kill me, this blade will disappear from this world with me!" Chen Xiang had already obtained Long Xueyi’s power, and his entire body started to boil: "Now, I’ll let you see whether or not I’m worthy enough to own this blade."

Ji Meixian saw that there was a huge change in Chen Xiang’s Qi, and was shocked. She took out her treasure sword and was the first to stab at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang’s strength had shocked him, but when he thought about it, he felt that it was very normal. After all, she was a Imperial Dragon Race, if they were to compare in strength, she would be able to kill him.

Ji Meixian could feel Chen Xiang’s anger, but that fury did not cause Chen Xiang to go crazy. Instead, it turned into an even more terrifying power that allowed Chen Xiang to use it rationally.

Chen Xiang did not even look at Ji Meixian as he waved his blade and hacked forward. The furious dragon roared, its voice shaking the sky as an incomparably terrifying killing intent enveloped the air.

The spirit energy of the heaven and earth was infected by the, the spirit energy actually turned into roaring dragons, circling in the air with bared fangs and brandished claws, looking majestic and powerful, releasing waves of dragon roars that shook the heavens.

Angry dragon slay!

The Dragon extinction was created by the dragon race in the first place, because the strongest enemies of the dragons were not humans, but their own kind. That was why such martial arts were produced, and why humans could also learn to use it, it was just that the conditions were very harsh.

The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword shone with a green light, as though the cyan sun was roaring, and with a slash of the blade, a majestic Dragon Power surged out from the divine blade, condensing into an angry green dragon that roared and flew towards Ji Meixian, as if it was a descending green dragon.

Ji Meixian’s sudden outburst of power made her panic, at the same time, she was extremely excited, because she guessed that this was the might of the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, if she could obtain this mystical technique, her strength could very well increase by a few levels. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"This move of yours that you used all your strength on is impressive, but it’s only the end of your strength!" Ji Meixian’s voice was cold and clear. Although he was shocked by Chen Xiang’s divine power, he was still a little disdainful.

Ji Meixian’s hair flew in the air, her clothes fluttered around, her jade body was shrouded in holy light, and suddenly an illusion of a white ocean appeared behind her.

In the white sea, countless white dragons churned, finally forming a white dragon as thick as a mountain and soaring out of the illusion.

Chen Xiang had seen the White Sea Prince use this technique before!

Ji Meixian calmly faced the green dragon formed by the blade qi, and on the sword that she thrusted out, gathered the vast Innate Qi unique to White Sea Imperial Land, and the blue dragon behind her suddenly penetrated through her jade body, attaching itself to her sword.

The two forces collided, as if two stars were colliding!

"Boom!" BOOM! Honglong!

The earth was torn apart by these two powers, and the surrounding space began to ripple. His aura soared to the heavens, exploding in the air like a thunderous explosion.

A deep and bottomless gully appeared in the ground where the two were fighting. Chen Xiang and Ji Meixian stood opposite each other at the ends of the gully, their eyes filled with killing intent!