Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone had unsightly expressions on their faces. However, the people of the Duan Clan did not enter the Rough and Random profound Land. Instead, they stayed far away from this place.

Tong Tian Aristocratic Family and those sage realm cultivators naturally knew that the Duan Clan had their own way, but they had to get the remains of the Divine Beast. They had to go in.

After the Duan Clan left, the great powers attacked again. At this moment, the number of powerful beasts that rushed out increased, and the crowd that followed behind was affected.

A purple hedgehog the size of a small mountain suddenly rolled out, rolling all the way here, and stabbed many people to death. A purple hedgehog the size of a small mountain suddenly rolled out, rolling all the way here, and stabbed many people to death, and also spat out a purple poisonous gas.

In the sky, a group of giant eagles burning with raging flames suddenly swooped down. The cry of the eagles tore apart the sky, and as they flapped their wings, countless flaming feathers fell down, piercing the ground like arrows. They fell down like rain, and in a flash, over a thousand people were turned into ashes.

Less than an hour after the Duan Clan left, a large-scale counterattack by strange beasts occurred. Everyone was filled with regret. If they had followed the mysterious Duan Clan and left earlier, they might not have been surrounded by a horde of beasts!

"Retreat!" The elder of the Feng Clan shouted. At the same time, one of his arms was also torn off by a ferocious fire ape.

When he first entered, there were tens of thousands of people. However, before he could enter any further, more than half of them died. In the end, only over seven thousand survived.

With an ancient force leading the way, many people in several cities were discussing this matter and speculating what kind of treasure it was that there were so many strange beasts working together to protect it. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

In a hotel, the members of the Duan Clan were drinking wine and watching the injured people return.

"This group of idiots, if we go in with such a large force, it would be strange if we don’t alert those wild beasts. If it was us, we would definitely spread out and conceal our aura. We would enter from a few places without strange beasts and then meet up." The Duan Clan members ridiculed.

"Tong Tian Aristocratic Family and Sheng Domain have sent out so many people all of a sudden. It seems like they know where the ancient records say that place and what kind of things are inside. But this group of idiots are actually so arrogant and think that they can break through the defense of the strange beasts just like that?"

"Too naive. Just the first layer of defense was enough to kill so many people."

The Duan Clan members discussed animatedly, and they were all ridiculing him.

----- Chen Xiang still didn’t know that a river of blood was flowing outside, so he leisurely flew inside. Although he met a few powerful beasts along the way, he was not discovered nor attacked.

"Wait, you shouldn’t go out now. There must be something inside." Long Xueyi suddenly said: "There are some things that I can’t recall, although there is a memory inheritance, but it’s not deep, in short, there is something important inside."

"From what I remember, there should be a tomb here. I just don’t know whose tomb it is, and these strange beasts are guarding it. Not long ago, all the beasts were roaring, so it should be the tomb lord’s memorial day."

Chen Xiang was a little unwilling: "You want me to take a look at that tomb? This is very dangerous. "

"Since you’re all here, don’t you want to go in and take a look? "With me here, nothing will happen." Long Xueyi laughed: "Let’s go in and take a look."

Chen Xiang also wanted to see who was the expert who died here, to actually have so many powerful beasts guarding the tomb.

"Well, if anything’s wrong, you tell me." Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "Right now, I still don’t know where that tomb is!"

"Let’s fly high up and take a look!" Long Xueyi thought for a while, then said: "I think that the strange beasts here were sealed here because of the tomb master, but these strange beasts don’t blame me at all."

"By the way, can you tell how long these beasts have lived? Why is it that even though the strongest tomb lord is dead, these strange beasts are still alive? " Chen Xiang said.

"They should have lived for a long time, but they slept for a long time, and it might have been because the Mortal Realm evolved that they woke up." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang flew high into the sky and saw that in a certain direction, there was a large mountain in the distance. Every mountain had the same shape, a bit like a lion lying on the ground.

Those enormous mountains, regardless of size or shape, were all identical. Each mountain had a few tall ancient trees planted within it.

"There are so many green mountains. Every one of them is so big, and the distance between them is the same as well. I estimated that there are at least tens of thousands of them!" Long Xueyi’s words gave him a big shock.

This time, it was obvious that the owner of the tomb was a lion. In order to hide from others, his tomb had actually built tens of thousands of identical tombs. This was a very vast project!

"Little Naughty Dragon, can you tell me which mountain is the real tomb?" Chen Xiang asked.

"How would I know?" Long Xueyi also had a headache, but she believed that the tomb master was powerful, and would definitely have a lot of good things to accompany him in death.

"Who knows, maybe the genius treasure here is his funeral gift. We’ll first get close to those Lion Mountain s before anything else." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang transformed into a bird and flew at a low altitude towards the group of Lion Mountain. Along the way, he saw many strange looking gigantic beasts, many of which were like wild beasts.

There were so many different types of beasts together, yet they were actually not attacking each other, but instead absorbing the Spiritual Qi of Heaven and Earth. They were cultivating right now, causing Chen Xiang to be extremely shocked.

"Is there any powerful lion-shaped demon beasts in the Little Naughty Dragon or ancient legends?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Nope." Long Xueyi immediately responded: "Some things are hard to say. Those ancient Spirit grain that the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family s control are rare in our Imperial Dragon Race s, but the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family s definitely have a lot of control over them!"

It is very possible that it is actually a very strong and flourishing great world with a very ancient history. However, because of an unknown reason, it was split into many different worlds, and its power has been dispersed, and it has even suffered the destruction of a civilization. "Yun Che’s eyes flashed with a cold light," This ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this?

Long Xueyi’s guess was not without reason, because after all the worlds and continents merged together, these hidden profound Realm s were exposed, and the mysterious Tong Tian Aristocratic Family and Sheng Domain were all revealed.

"You’re saying, the tomb lord here is a powerhouse from that era?" Chen Xiang suddenly thought of many things, especially the four Four Symbols Divine Weapons s and the mysterious path that led to the center of the earth.

"It’s possible, I think that this world might have once been a high level world, like the Heaven Realm. But then, there was a huge change, because the civilization here was even older than us Imperial Dragon Race." Long Xueyi guessed.