Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Right now, they could only speculate, but what was certain was that the ancient treasures that the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family had grasped were even older than the Imperial Dragon Race. It was also because the civilization had disappeared for a long time before the Imperial Dragon Race appeared.

Chen Xiang finally arrived outside the group of Lion Mountain s. There, a stone tablet the height of a person had four words written on it, but Chen Xiang was unable to understand it, because it was an ancient character!

There were many Spirit grain carved on the monument. These Spirit grain were the same as the ones on the treasures in Tong Tian Aristocratic Family. Long Xueyi had also said that they, the Imperial Dragon Race, only knew a little about this ancient Spirit grain.

It was precisely because the stone tablet had these Spirit grain s that it would not disappear in the span of countless years.

The stone tablet emanated an extremely ancient aura, as though it had gone through millions of years.

"What are these four words?" Chen Xiang asked her about it many times but Long Xueyi didn’t reply. It was clear that he was looking through her inherited memories.

"I only recognize two words." The inherited memories in Long Xueyi’s mind were as vast as the sea. Even with her powerful spiritual sense, it would take her a while to finish flipping through all of them.

"The first one is the word ’ten’, and the last one is the word ’mountain’." Long Xueyi said.

"A hundred thousand Lion Mountain s?" Chen Xiang immediately thought of the two words.

"Who knows? It could also be an immortal mountain, a demon mountain, a holy mountain, or a billion ... "

Chen Xiang flew high up in the sky. As far as he could see, there were rows and rows of organized gigantic green-colored Lion Mountain, like countless lions crawling on the ground. Countless Lion Mountain formed an endless sea. Chen Xiang’s vision was good, but he could not see the end of these Lion Mountain, even with a hundred thousand of them, he would not be surprised.

Every single Lion Mountain was emitting an extremely dense amount of spirit energy, so the area with the densest amount of spirit energy was just like the rest of the group. However, Chen Xiang did not see any huge beasts here.

"Maybe that Duan brat knows how to find that tomb in the Lion Mountain." Long Xueyi said.

Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were also discussing, but they couldn’t come to a conclusion. At this point in time, they felt that what Long Xueyi said might be true, and that this so called Mortal Realm might actually have a shocking history that no one knew about!

Long Xueyi used Heaven tour method to investigate the Lion Mountain s. He turned into a bird and stood on top of the monument waiting quietly. He did not dare change his shape, he was worried that he would be surrounded by countless beasts.

----- Outside of Rough and Random profound Land, there were originally only two Tong Tian Aristocratic Family s and two Sheng Domain Elders coming out from the south. Now, even the eastern, western, northern and central regions had all come.

As for the major powers who had attacked and attacked earlier, they still did not stop. They also dispatched many old fellows who had been in closed-door training for many years.

"An Immortal level old fellow has finally come out! There’s going to be a show!" An old man from the Duan Clan chuckled.

"Come, come. But why are there no Devil Realm s here? In the past, demons and beasts were from the same sect, so there should be an integration now. If demons and beasts join hands, Human Realm can only join forces with Devil Realm. " A middle-aged man from the Duan Clan said.

Tong Tian Aristocratic Family and Sheng Domain both sent out those old fellows who could fly to Heaven Realm. Previously, they were worried that they would be taken in by Heaven Realm, so they hid inside profound Realm.

At their level, they could almost do as they pleased, but this made people even more convinced that there was definitely something extremely precious in the depths of Rough and Random profound Land!

In the Green Summit City, two extremely dazzling figures had appeared. One was Gu Dongchen, and the other was the yellow-haired old man that Gu Dongchen had to be subservient to.

"Huang Jintian, this crazy old man actually came out, and even came to Green Summit City! His disciple has already left Ancient Wasteland Devil Sect half dead, and this old madman has been sealed for over ten thousand years, and is still so energetic. What is he trying to do? " Some of the elders said in fear.

Huang Jintian’s reputation was not just for show. Even in the past, when the world had not merged with one another, his name had already been spread out, and he had crossed swords with the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family before!

Although the current Huang Jintian wasn’t wearing gorgeous clothes, he was dressed neatly and his hair had already been combed. He looked to be full of energy and vitality, but he didn’t exude any aura.

"Old fogeys from the Feng Clan and the White Sea Imperial Land, get the hell out here. You actually dare to lay your hands on my disciple again and again, I’m here for an explanation." Let me tell you, if anything happens to my disciple, I, Huang Jintian, will definitely wipe out all of you dog Tong Tian Aristocratic Family and Sheng Domain disciples! " Huang Jintian stood in the plaza of Green Summit City and roared.

"Didn’t you guys always want the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu? If you dare to ask me for it, what’s wrong with bullying a little kid like my disciple? "

The entire city was engulfed by Huang Jintian’s angry roars, causing everyone to be shocked. As expected, after this crazy old man, Huang Jintian, came out, he couldn’t calm down.

Some people had already left the Green Summit City. If they were to fight with such old fellows, it would cause the world to perish and the seas to overturn. This kind of a city was impossible to defend against.

"Huang Jintian came quickly, looks like Feng Clan and White Sea Imperial Land are in trouble, who asked them to touch other people’s disciples!" The old man from the Duan Clan laughed.

"Let’s leave first, in case the war over things gets affected." A middle-aged man suggested.

"Alright, it’s about time. We should enter the Rough and Random profound Land to take a look and see if it’s really the same as in the legends." The old man nodded.

Huang Jintian had trained in the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu and had been hiding in it for many years. The dense Dragon Power was unfathomable, only three people knew of it, and Chen Xiang was the weakest among them, making it the easiest to capture. Therefore, if one wanted to obtain the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, they would definitely think of Chen Xiang. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

In a short moment, the Green Summit City became an empty city, with only a few experts in the plaza.

The Feng Clan and the White Sea Imperial Land’s immortals had all come, an old man with white hair said indifferently: "This is a grudge between the younger generation, Huang Jintian, you’re making too much of a fuss, no matter what they want, we, the older generation, should not ask too much about it!"

Huang Jintian laughed coldly: "I told my disciple to kill all of your juniors, and you won’t do anything? You guys better take care of your little demon, don’t think of making excuses to kill him just because of his blade and godly technique, if not I’ll make my Super Martial School’s young generation kill all of your little bastards! "

The White Sea Imperial Land’s immortal was an old lady. Her face was full of wrinkles and she looked as if she could get into a coffin with a single slap. At this moment, she was extremely angry.

"Hmph, from what I know, not only did your disciple steal our White Sea Imperial Land’s Fire phoenix purple gold, many elders and young disciples have their whereabouts unknown. I think he should already be dead!" The old lady from White Sea Imperial Land said angrily.

"Bullshit, if you guys didn’t attack him first, would he attack you guys? That whatever Fire phoenix purple gold you are talking about, on what basis are they from your White Sea Imperial Land? Could it be that these Fire phoenix purple gold were born for your White Sea Imperial Land, and had branded your White Sea Imperial Land’s name on them the moment they were formed? This kind of thing is born from heaven and earth, whoever has the ability to obtain it will get it. " Huang Jintian rolled up his sleeves, looking like he was prepared to go all out.