Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Outside of Green Summit City, everyone stood far away from the city walls. They stood on top of some tall mountains and watched the elders fighting in the plaza. If they were to fight, they would be fortunate to be able to witness the great battle between these extraordinary experts.

"Huang Jintian, after your disciple snatched the Fire phoenix purple gold away, he fled far away. Your Super Martial School had such a great advantage, what else do you want? Other people are afraid of your Super Martial School, but my White Sea Imperial Land is not! " The old lady from White Sea Imperial Land said coldly, her entire body had an aura as vast as the ocean. Her eyes were as deep as the ocean, and at this moment, she was enraged.

Huang Jintian sneered: "I’ve been feeling uneasy these past few days, and I knew that something had happened to this brat. I used the Heaven extended method to calculate and I still didn’t know where he was.

His angry voice came out from outside the city. Although the crowd did not know what the Heaven extended method was, they felt that it was definitely not ordinary.

Heaven extended method! Only the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family s knew how powerful this technique was. They did not expect that someone would learn this lost forbidden technique.

When the immortals of the White Sea Imperial Land and the Feng Clan heard this, their expressions changed and they could not help but take a step back. They did not know much about the Heaven extended method, but they knew that it was a secret technique that could sense danger in the future.

"Since he entered the Rough and Random profound Land, of course you wouldn’t be able to deduce his location. Senior, you should be very clear about what kind of place the Rough and Random profound Land is." A gentle and spirited voice sounded. The one who spoke was unexpectedly the Heavenly Girl of the White Sea Imperial Land, Ji Meixian!

She flew over from the distance. Her snow-white clothes fluttered in the wind, and her hair lightly danced as it gently fell down like falling leaves. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Ji Meixian’s identity was extremely mysterious, he came from the Heaven Realm, only that he had lost all his cultivation and started training anew.

Huang Jintian immediately frowned. Although the name Rough and Random profound Land had only appeared recently, he already knew what that region represented.

"You saw that kid run in there with your own eyes?" Huang Jintian glared at Ji Meixian.

Ji Meixian was slightly shocked, she did not expect that Huang Jintian’s strength was stronger than she had imagined. She was once one of the strong warriors in the Heaven Realm, and some things happened later on that caused her to fall into the Mortal Realm. After his soul fell asleep, he joined the White Sea Imperial Land and learned some ancient secrets.

"That’s right, we bumped into each other outside the Rough and Random profound Land. Originally, I wanted to stop him from entering the Rough and Random profound Land, but he stubbornly insisted on his decision." Ji Meixian purposely sighed softly.

Although she did not see Chen Xiang enter the Rough and Random profound Land, but she could guess that Chen Xiang had entered using the Water Escape Technique.

Huang Jintian laughed coldly, "You met him by chance? Was there no conflict? Didn’t you act to snatch his immortal blade and divine arts? "

"No!" Ji Meixian’s gaze did not waver as he replied indifferently.

Huang Jintian squinted his eyes and said with a fake smile: "That’s true, if you clash with him, you definitely cannot stand here, but if you can still return alive after fighting with him, you must have suffered a lot!"

Ji Meixian’s heart skipped a beat, and she was secretly angered. She had indeed suffered a lot at Chen Xiang’s hands, and her storage ring was taken by Chen Xiang, and her jade body was even sullied by Chen Xiang.

"If you Tong Tian Aristocratic Family and Sheng Domain continue to provoke that brat, you will bear the consequences yourselves. Of course, the matters of the younger generation can be left to them, but if you old fellows were to make a move, I will definitely not remain indifferent. Huang Jintian left behind some harsh words. With a wave of his sleeve, he released a ray of multicolored light that tore through the air and brought Gu Dongchen away.

After returning to the Super Martial School, Gu Dongchen asked: "Master Ancestor, what kind of place is the Rough and Random profound Land? Don’t we need to go in and get Junior Master back? "

"No need, even if I go in, I won’t be able to find him, but he won’t die in there!" That is a very dangerous place. Even if you and I were to enter and encounter some powerful things, I’m afraid we would die inside. Huang Jintian said with a serious expression, but his face was still full of worry, "You should return to the Ancient Spirit Clan to take a look, leave the Super Martial School to me. With me here, no matter how many fellows from Demon and Devil Realms come, I’ll let them die! "

----- The people from the Green Summit City all heaved a sigh of relief, especially the people from the shops. They all felt lucky, if Huang Jintian and the others had started fighting, the entire city would definitely have been destroyed.

"This old madman has a powerful magic treasure that can shatter space." This old madman has a powerful magic treasure that can break space. When the Duan Clan members saw this from afar, they were filled with admiration and admiration.

"It actually did not fight, but after saying it again, this old madman Huang Jintian did not dare enter the Rough and Random profound Land, it seems like he knows a lot of things! If he has grasped Heaven extended method, it is very likely that he is from the Undead Race. " The leading old man of the Duan Clan had a thoughtful expression.

Undead Race! When the other Duan Clan members heard this, they were extremely shocked. Undead Race had an unlimited lifespan, and was also one of those that would easily be sealed by the heavens. But when using Heaven extended method, one had to lose their lifespan.

"Let’s go, we can’t go in with the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family, it would only be dangerous if we go in with them."

The people of the Duan Clan were the first to leave and were walking at the front. After that, the experts of Tong Tian Aristocratic Family and Sheng Domain started their journey as well, led by mostly elderly people who were reaching the end of their lifespan.

At this time, Chen Xiang was still on the stone tablet in front of the group of Lion Mountain.

"Little Naughty Dragon, how is your exploration?" Chen Xiang asked, he had already asked many times.

"There’s really a lot of these Lion Mountain. There must be at least a hundred thousand of them, and every single one of them is the same. However, there are some auras in some of the Lion Mountain that seem to be sealed with ancient beasts." Long Xueyi said with a voice filled with shock. This mysterious Lion Mountain appearing within the Mortal Realm immediately made it impossible for her to, because this power was something that was rarely seen even in Heaven Realm.

This made her feel that a long, long time ago, this Mortal Realm might have been a prosperous and powerful high class world. However, something unexpected happened later on and it became like this.

"Will there be any danger if we go in?" Chen Xiang was most worried about this, and only by going in there personally would he be able to find out where the tomb was.

"I don’t know, I just entered with my mind consciousness. But you have a profoundwu diamond armour, you shouldn’t be killed." Long Xueyi replied: "I’m already here, so I’ll just go in and take a look. I won’t die anyway, I’m very curious about that tomb."

Chen Xiang clenched his teeth, turned back into his human form, and entered the land behind the monument, walking towards the Lion Mountain that was closest to him.