Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"As expected, bold and straightforward. I trust you, this place is five billion Spar. I also want to make a small bet. It’s rare to see a medicine store with such a bustling atmosphere!" Tan Sheng laughed, he waved his hand and threw out a Storage bag. Everyone scanned it with their senses and found that there were five billion Spar inside, piled up like a small mountain.

Five billion was just a small bet? What if it was a big bet? As expected of the Dan King, any casual move could scare a large group of gamblers to death.

In Chen Xiang’s opinion, this Dan King was still too stingy, only five billion? He felt that it would cost him at least fifty billion yuan!

Dan King Tan Sheng had already placed his bet, and it was so big, everyone was already certain that Chen Xiang would definitely lose, even if they had to sell it for money, they would still have to place their bet. At this moment, there were many good treasures and weapons on the ground, bringing the total to 50 billion!

Duan Sanchang’s heart kept on beating wildly. If Chen Xiang won, then many people would die from the scam, and even Dan King would be beaten with his black stick.

Tan Sheng was naturally not optimistic about Chen Xiang, at this moment he saw Chen Xiang’s serious face, the pill was shaking non-stop, showing signs of exploding, the success rate was extremely low, furthermore the rest of the ingredients were already rotten, he did not have full confidence in refining them, let alone a little brat.

Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly, he felt that he had more or less played the role, when he saw the shaking pill furnace suddenly stabilise, like a mountain that was firmly fixed in place.

Those people who were originally happy in their hearts were fantasizing about what they would do after winning this round, but currently, their expressions were extremely ugly. As long as they weren’t stupid, they could guess that Chen Xiang had done it on purpose!

Ji Meixian had always seen it, she knew that Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang were cooperating, and scolded in her heart. One was a grave robber who was struck by lightning, the other was a little bastard who she hated to the bones. With the two of them working together, even Dan King jumped into the fiery pit that they dug while grinning.

Dan King’s face was also very ugly. He did not expect that after living for so long, he would be fooled for a moment by a little kid. Of course, he could not say anything, because Chen Xiang had not violated the rules.

And some of the Alchemist s admired Chen Xiang a lot, because he actually refined a Iron bone Dan!

Chen Xiang had already been refining for more than two hours, and had been using the dual Foreseeing Alchemy s the entire time. At this time, he had already condensed the pellets, and if not for the poor quality of the ingredients, he would definitely have refined two of them.

However, the spirit herbs were already on the verge of death, the Medicine aura had disappeared for a long time. It was considered not bad that he was able to successfully refine one, after all, the Iron bone Dan was only producing one pill.

After a moment, Chen Xiang laughed: I’ve let everyone down!

The expressions of most of the people present were the same, gloomy as water. They wanted nothing more than to tear Chen Xiang into pieces, and actually allowed them to jump into the trap one after another.

In order to not arouse anyone’s suspicions, Duan Sanchang snorted: "Damned little bastard, I will definitely remember this debt!"

Chen Xiang smiled slightly and opened the lid. A gold and black fog emerged and formed into a smooth black pellet.

Just from the golden aura covering it, one could tell that it was a Iron bone Dan, and a high quality one at that!

Seeing this high quality Iron bone Dan, all the Alchemist present, including the Dan King, were moved.

Dan King took a step forward and waved his hand, allowing the Iron bone Dan to hover above his palm.

"It is indeed a Iron bone Dan, of high quality!" At this moment, Tan Sheng couldn’t help but praise Chen Xiang’s high skill in refining pellets. He actually managed to concoct a high quality pellet out of waste medicine.

The other Alchemist s all gathered around to watch!

Chen Xiang laughed: "Then these things are all mine!"

Just like this, under the burning gazes of the lot, Chen Xiang smiled as he kept all the Storage bag s and magic treasures into the ring, allowing Su Meiyao and the others to count them.

Many people’s heart was bleeding, and some people even wanted to cry. They had accumulated this much wealth for a long time, and even though they were from a famous clan, they had spent a lot of effort to save so many Spar s, but now, they had all lost to a little ghost!

Only those old fellows were relatively open-minded, and those young people, on the other hand, had basically lost to nothing, even losing to the magical equipment and weapons given to them by their sects and clans!

Many people were secretly cursing Dan King Tan Sheng. If Tan Sheng did not come out and casually threw in five billion Spar s, they would not have suppressed all of their wealth!

"Damned little bastard, my Spar, my sword, my armor ..."

"This is all over. When I go back, I will definitely be scolded to death by my father. I will lose everything!" How do I get back? The cost of transferring it right now is outrageously high! "

"I really want to kill this kid!"

"God damn little bastard, he ate more than five billion all by himself, isn’t he afraid of holding on?"

and Mu Jialan were the only ones who had survived the disaster, and in their hearts, they were rejoicing at the misfortune of others!

Although Peach Blossom Prince was expressionless, in his heart, he hated the little demon in front of him!

City Lord and the chief’s son were also in the same boat. Not only had they lost their Spar, they had also lost face.

"Father, is this really a Iron bone Dan?" Tan Zhongsen found it hard to accept the reality in front of him, he had also lost one billion Spar, and it was no small amount of money to him. Although his father was the Dan King, he would not casually give him the Spar. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"A high quality Iron bone Dan!" Dan King Tan Sheng said in a serious tone, making everyone even more disappointed.

"Haha ..." Everyone, I’m sorry. This is all due to luck. I am sorry that you lost a little, Spar. Next time, when there’s a chance, we will have a good time! " Chen Xiang’s words were especially ear-piercing, making everyone want to beat him up.

"Luck? Fuck my luck! " One of the big sized men said, "Sorry, but give us back the Spar!"

Chen Xiang laughed: "Everyone is a hero who is willing to admit defeat, if I return the Spar to everyone, it would be equivalent to insulting everyone’s dignity, trampling on everyone’s dignity, little brother must not do such an unrighteous thing!"

"How many Spar s are they worth?" Everyone cursed in their hearts.

Chen Xiang smiled as he came to the counter: "I refined the medicine inside the Destiny box into a Iron bone Dan. According to the rules, you guys have to return to buy the Destiny box for me, and even give me a portion of the Iron bone Dan’s medicine. This was previously agreed upon!"

Tan Sheng nodded to the shopkeeper, then walked over and returned the Iron bone Dan back to Chen Xiang.

"Little brother, who is your master? To be able to teach a disciple like you, your master should not be a nobody! " Tan Sheng asked, many people present also wanted to know who the old bastard was to have taught such a sinister brat.

Chen Xiang laughed: "My master is indeed a nameless person, but my ancestor is not, my ancestor’s name is Li Tianjun."

Dan King Li Tianjun! This was a person who had become famous many years ago. Hearing the three words Li Tianjun, all the Alchemist present were dumbfounded.

"That little brother’s name is..." Tan Sheng’s heart was filled with mixed feelings, Li Tianjun actually had a successor!

"Li Renshan, you are benevolent and righteous, and kind and good!" Chen Xiang smiled as he received the Iron bone Dan medicine and the nine hundred and fifty million Spar from the shopkeeper.

Everyone cursed in their hearts. How was this benevolence? They felt that he should be called Li Xie Xie, even Duan Sanchang felt that Chen Xiang had gone blind with this name.