Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Even though he had been chased away by Ji Meixian, Chen Xiang’s mood was still very good. He was the big winner right now, and all the streets and alleys in Dan City were discussing about him. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

A lot of people went to visit the Dingsheng pill shop, but there was no one inside, so everyone was able to guess that the Li Renshan fellow was hiding there.

His name was benevolent and kind, but he annihilated evil beyond compare. At this time, those who lost their bets all called him Evil Demon Li.

Forget about the fact that he was tricked in the first round, but he still dared to come to the second round. Furthermore, two Dan King s were caught and even lost miserably, so he just gave away the precious bottle of Peach Blossom Immortal Dew that was worth five hundred billion.

In the eyes of many people, Duan Sanchang and Ji Meixian had also lost very much, but they were all people that Chen Xiang had invited, and after this, Chen Xiang would not only return the things to them, he would also give them compensation. If others were to find out, Duan Sanchang would definitely be hunted down.

"I say, brother Shen, you are too evil. I think those who have lost are all hiding in their rooms and throwing things around ... ..." "Haha." Duan Sanchang laughed, he gave Chen Xiang everything back, and at the moment, they were drinking in his room.

"Don’t you see that after the three Dan King s left, their expressions were extremely ugly?! Their entire bodies were emitting smoke! Haha ...." As Duan Sanchang drank, he laughed loudly and choked on his wine several times.

As the big winner, Chen Xiang was calm, but in his heart, he was still very excited.

"Hehe, there are still a lot of big fish left. I really want to wash them all!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"It will probably be difficult in the future. There are lessons from the past." Duan Sanchang shook his head.

Chen Xiang didn’t think so. As long as the temptation was enough, he wasn’t afraid.

"Right now, many people are plotting against you. You must be careful, even though you are in Pill City, you have offended three Dan King s. With their deep roots and backgrounds, they might even make a move against your medicine shop." Duan Sanchang warned.

The medicine shop was very big, there were many pills inside, Chen Xiang was only one person, and it was hard to control, but Chen Xiang had already thought of a way.

"You don’t have to worry, I can settle this matter by today." Chen Xiang looked like he didn’t care.

After Chen Xiang scooped out a large sum of money, he disappeared without a trace. At this time, many people were looking for him, many big powers were secretly investigating him, but they couldn’t find anything, as though this person suddenly popped out from a rock and then disappeared.

Some of them wanted to find Chen Xiang’s whereabouts, wait for him to leave the city, and then make their move. Some wanted to rope him in, some wanted to talk about business, and some wanted to exchange some things with him.

Chen Xiang had given Duan Sanchang ten Relive Dan, but he didn’t want them, because Chen Xiang had benefited greatly by telling him about the tomb of the son of the devil god.

"There are a lot of good things inside that tomb." Duan Sanchang placed all of these things on the ground. They were all items with surging Demonic Qi, such as blades and other similar weapons, as well as some materials only the Demon World had, some demonic arts, mental cultivation techniques, books and medicinal herbs.

These things were all very precious, especially the demon arts. However, Chen Xiang’s devil arts were much better than the demon arts, so he had seen a lot of them. As for the weapons, they were all used by the Devil Cultivator, he had no use for them.

"Brother Chen, please pick any one of these items." Duan Sanchang said very casually as he poured the wine.

"He didn’t lie to you. There are a lot of these things that are pretty good. It suits your status as the son of the demon god, but you have used a lot of them. Those medicinal herbs aren’t suitable for refining pills, they’re only suitable for eating." Bai Youyou said.

Chen Xiang picked up a grey metal rod. It was ten feet long, very heavy and very sturdy.

"I want this for my little disciple." Chen Xiang laughed.

Xiao Chou belonged to the Great Strength Race, and now that everyone from the Human Realm was gathered, it was a very powerful force.

"Brother Shen, I’m going back to my family. The book on the Demon God’s son’s death is very valuable. I’ll bring it back for those old fellows to study." Duan Sanchang said.

"See you later!"

After Duan Sanchang left, Chen Xiang immediately went to the Pills Fragrance Pavilion. To his surprise, the important person that the Dan Fragrance Pure Land had sent was Hua Xiangyue!

The message from the jade token in Chen Xiang’s hand was directly sent to the Leader, so Hua Xiangyue naturally had to personally come over to see what his little master had instructed him to do.

As soon as she came, she heard about Li Tianjun’s successor, and she could immediately confirm that the Evil Demon Li who caused so much trouble was her little mistress.

In an elegant room, the moment Chen Xiang entered, he saw that Hua Xiangyue was wearing a fiery long skirt, revealing her shoulders. Between the mountain peaks that were half wrapped up in snow, there was a deep ravine, and a long snow-white leg was revealed from within the long skirt, looking extremely alluring.

Hua Xiangyue blinked her beautiful eyes slightly. Her fluttering eyelashes and the enchanting autumn wave made her eyes emit an electric light that could captivate people.

When this extremely charming female slave saw Chen Xiang, she gently stroked her beautiful long hair. Her incomparably charming and moving appearance made Chen Xiang’s breathing quicken!

"Little Flower Demon, I missed you to death!" Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly. He returned to his original appearance and flew to Hua Xiangyue’s side, tightly grabbing onto the beautiful female slave’s waist. His bad hand slowly moved through the thin silk dress.

Seeing that her young mistress had become much younger, and even had tender skin, Hua Xiangyue smiled as she caressed her hands. "Little Scoundrel, now that you’re like this, I really want to eat you!"

"I want to eat you more!" Chen Xiang hugged Hua Xiangyue, bit on her alluring red lips and forcefully kissed Hua Xiangyue.

"Ugh ..." Hua Xiangyue never thought that this little mistress would be so anxious. As she kissed her, she peeled off her clothes.

On the bed, the two of them were naked, kissing passionately while hugging each other. The beauty’s breathing became faster and faster, and the fragrance from her body became stronger and stronger, adding to her charming and flirtatious gentleness, the man found it hard to control himself.

The rooms were full of colors, killing intent filled the air above the Pill City, causing the entire Pill City to be enveloped in a depressing haze. Several big shots from the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family had come, even if they had to expend a large amount of resources, to open the Transmission array and travel from another region to the southern region of the Pill City.

They had all come for the Heaven Earth Killing Method, and Duan Sanchang had once said that, a long time ago, even Tong Tian Aristocratic Family s did not dare to cultivate it, but that did not mean that the current Tong Tian Aristocratic Family could not cultivate it.

All of these Tong Tian Aristocratic Family s have come for the Heaven Earth Killing Method!

Not only were the experts of the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family here, there were also the experts of the Devil Realm and the Demon Realm. It was said that the Heaven Earth Killing Method was connected to some of the ancient powers, and they had also come to search for the Heaven Earth Killing Method.

Pill City was very big, it was hard to find if one was hiding there. However, the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family that came here sent many people to search for the brat called Li Renshan.

However, what they did not know was that it was only Chen Xiang’s other identity. The person they were looking for was currently in bed with his peerless beauty, living a carefree life!