Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

In the morning, Chen Xiang and Hua Xiangyue lived a happy night. When they received some information, they found out how many waves the Heaven Earth Killing Method had caused, and it actually attracted even more of the ancient powers that had been hidden for many years.

Huang Jintian, who was in Super Martial School, immediately rushed to Dan City upon hearing the news. What was most worth the attention of the ancient powers was that there were four white-haired people wearing white robes and a white jade mask beside Huang Jintian. As soon as they teleported to Dan City, they went straight to the Elixir Shop and stood by the door, waiting.

Huang Jintian could guess that the rascal who had changed his name to Li Renshan was none other than Chen Xiang himself.

"Little Scoundrel, you actually didn’t tell me about such an important matter happening!" Hua Xiangyue spat lightly, his face was still flushed red. After being nourished by Chen Xiang for an entire night, this lovely Little Flower Demon became even more beautiful.

Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "Who let you seduce me."

He took out the room deed for the Duskgold Elixir Shop, and handed it over to Hua Xiangyue after clarifying the contract. "The Duskgold Elixir Shop is yours now, help me manage it properly, it might be of great use in the future."

"Alright, when others ask, I’ll tell them that you sold it to me at a high price." Hua Xiangyue understood Chen Xiang’s intention.

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then continued: "When the time comes, you will tell me that your Dan Fragrance Pure Land and Li Tianjun have some sort of relationship, and you said that I owed you a favor, so I passed this shop on to your Dan Fragrance Pure Land!"

Hua Xiangyue nodded his head: "You can leave the city now, I’ll go draw their attention, be careful!"

Right now, Chen Xiang only wanted to find a safe place to meditate and study the Heaven Earth Killing Method. With so many ancient powers being mobilized, he was sure that they were not simple people.

Even the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu had not caused such a commotion.

The large amount of pills and medicine fields inside the Ding Sheng pill shop were still very valuable. Right now, all around the mansion like shop were people from various major powers, all staring closely at the Ding Sheng pill shop, waiting for the person who obtained the Heaven Earth Killing Method.

Chen Xiang became an old man and wandered around the city. He realised that the entire city was sealed, it was a barrier set up by the combined forces of many Rankers, all the ancient Transmission array were sealed and could only be used to teleport over, not to teleport out.

Now, not even a fly could fly out of Dan City!

"To be able to quietly lay such a powerful barrier, most likely a few immortals must have teamed up. What kind of background does the Heaven Earth Killing Method have?" Chen Xiang was a little anxious as he realized that even the ground was sealed tightly.

"We are not too sure. It should be one of the most powerful techniques in the ten days of the Celestial Realm! This new world which the Three Realms of the Human and Demon Realms have fused with each other is the strongest of all those years ago, the Tenth Heavenly Layer. Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang found Duan Sanchang, and at the same time, disguised himself to look for him. He was in a hotel near the Zenith Pill Shop, staring at the entrance of the Zenith Pill Shop.

An extremely oppressive aura permeated the air around the medicinal shop. The entire mansion had been scanned by his divine sense countless times, but no one dared to enter. If the formation was about to be destroyed, the entire mansion would be razed to the ground.

What’s more, Huang Jintian, this crazy old man, was wearing a white jade mask and was wearing a mysterious white robe, standing guard at the entrance.

"Brother Shen, I’ve already said that the Heaven Earth Killing Method is a hot potato. You almost broke through the sky, and if it were to spread to Heaven Realm, it wouldn’t take long before this world is filled with deities." Duan Sanchang paced back and forth in his room, extremely anxious. He saw Chen Xiang casually drinking tea, and wished that he could kick him.

Ji Meixian was also nearby, he naturally knew where Chen Xiang was. As long as he was within a thousand miles of her, she would be able to sense his presence.

Hua Xiangyue did not immediately come to receive the Zenith Medicine Shop. As long as she came, the ancient powers would not be able to find her.

Long Xueyi had always been following him. What surprised him was that Hua Xiangyue was actually meeting Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue, who both of them had also come after hearing the news.

Dongfang Xinyue’s Dongfang family could be considered an ancient power, but it had declined, so she knew about the Heaven Earth Killing Method.

"Brother Shen, who is that guy? There is actually someone who dares to swagger near an old madman like your master! " Duan Sanchang anxiously shouted.

Chen Xiang walked to the side of the window, saw a black clothed young man with an imposing aura, and could not help but say with a smile: "That is my master’s nephew, he seems to have broken through."

Gu Dongchen wanted him to go back and see what was going on. The reason was so that Gu Dongchen could become a real Ancient Spirit Man and obtain the inheritance. As for what would happen to him after obtaining the Ancient Spirit Inheritance, that was something even Huang Jintian couldn’t predict.

"Super Martial School, what do you mean? Do you want to keep the Heaven Earth Killing Method for yourself? "

A thunderous voice rang out, as if it wanted to set off a gale. The entire world was filled with killing intent, and only the voice resounded.

Huang Jintian laughed coldly: "I am sitting at the door, what do you care? If you have the guts, come here and sit, but no one will stop you! "

After saying this, many people suddenly flew over from all directions and stood on the street. Everyone had concealed their faces and wore very ordinary clothes. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Chen Xiang could only see those people, their faces had a stiff expression, one look was enough to tell that they had disguised themselves.

These people only appeared on the streets in groups of five or six. It was obvious that they were the experts from the major powers.

"I really want to use a bunch of Magical corruption gas to poison these bastards to death. That’s something I won, I actually want to take it away!" Chen Xiang muttered in his heart.

He didn’t dare explain to Huang Jintian via sound transmission now either. He was worried that those experts would eavesdrop on him.

"Chang Zi, why did the Heaven Earth Killing Method cause such a thing? It even blew a bunch of old turtles out! " Chen Xiang was very curious.

"Alright, this won’t be a secret sooner or later. My Duan Clan also belongs to the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family, but a long time ago, an ancestor of our Duan Clan discovered that a piece of history was very vague. Maybe that’s the reason why the Tenth Heaven became the Mortal Realm! Furthermore, they are separated into different realms, and have to be divided into three realms, the Human Demon Realm and the Great War between Three Realms. Every hundred thousand years, there is a force controlling them. "

Duan Sanchang sighed, and continued: "That Heaven Earth Killing Method, is said to be the key that allowed the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord to unite heaven and earth back then."

"No wonder!" Chen Xiang muttered, with how powerful the Heaven Earth Killing Method was, cultivating it would definitely be very difficult.

On the street outside the Elixir Shop, three beautiful ladies with white gauze covering their faces suddenly appeared. As they walked, the entire street was filled with cold air and the ground was covered in frost.

Sensing that terrifying icy wind blowing towards them, everyone immediately moved out of the way. They knew that these three women who looked weaker than them were not to be trifled with.

"The Icewind magic kungfu, it really lives up to its name. It can actually make so many old fellows move aside." Duan Sanchang said as he clicked his tongue.

"Isn’t this the Icewind magic kungfu? Could it be that they are Liu Meng’er and Hua Xiangyue from Chen Martial Continent? " A man said coldly. His voice was filled with killing intent.

Hua Xiangyue smiled charmingly: "I am only here to receive the shop I just bought, I did not expect seniors to think so highly of this little girl, to welcome us with such an imposing manner!"

What? Receive! Those people who came from afar were all stunned, they quickly thought about it, that Li Tianjun’s successor had already moved the Zenith Medicinal Shop overnight!

"Your empty words have no basis. I think your Chen Martial Continent wants to keep it for himself." An elder walked out with a dark expression on his face.