Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Last night, it was not only Chen Xiang who carried out the assassination, there were also a lot of people who took action at night. All of them were hermit forces that had enmity with each other, if this continued, Dan City would definitely be destroyed by this group of people.

He had many powerful armors in his hands, all obtained by killing those hidden experts. Their bodies were burned by Chen Xiang’s Heaven fire s, but the armors were not burnt. Because those strong warriors had used the Innate Qi to resist the poison, without any protection, the armour could not withstand the powerful flames at all.

If Chen Xiang took these dozens of armor for auction, he could definitely sell them for a high price.

After the Dan King s made their move, the situation became much better. At least, many people did not dare to act brazenly, nor did they dare to fly around in the air above the city. However, they still continued to search for Li Renshan within the city.

Chen Xiang had been hiding this entire time, he wanted to make his move only at night. However, after the hundred or so hidden experts died, many people became vigilant.

On the afternoon of the second day of the seal, a strong Qi came from the Transmission array. Upon sensing the Qi, which was as vast as the ocean, one would know that the person who had arrived was an expert from the White Sea Imperial Land.

The White Sea Imperial Land had suffered heavy losses as well. The medicine shop that was like a mansion had been burnt down, and all the experts that were guarding inside had been mysteriously assassinated. Many of the pills had been burnt down, and the medicinal fields that were planted had also been burnt down.

The originally luxurious shop turned into ruins after a huge fire. This was all done by Chen Xiang!

Huang Jintian had already warned them that if they angered Chen Xiang, they would need to take responsibility for the consequences. The people of the White Sea Imperial Land had chased after him time and time again in order to steal his blade and godly skills.

What Chen Xiang did not know was that when he assassinated the experts from the two families, many of them were important figures. It was just that when he went to attack the Rough and Random profound Land, he was severely injured, which made it easier for him to do so.

"Hurry up and leave this place. We don’t even know what methods these ancient factions that once towered over the Tenth Heaven have." Long Xueyi said. One must know that when the Tenth Heaven was flourishing, their Imperial Dragon Race had not even been born yet.

Chen Xiang was also worried about this, but he did not immediately leave. He found another ten odd powerful warriors, using Magical corruption gas s and Death-haunting arrow s, he killed them with the light carriage familiarly, cut off their heads, and took off their armor.

Some of these experts didn’t wear any armor or kept them in their storage rings. However, only they were able to open their storage rings. If they were forcefully opened by others, they would automatically be destroyed.

Finally, after the deaths of over ten experts, the sealing formation disappeared. Originally, it had been three days, but now, it had been one and a half days ahead of schedule.

After the seal on the Pill City was lifted, many people left the city in fear that they would bring calamity upon the old geezers one day.

Chen Xiang left amidst the crowd. Coming to Dan City this time, he had gained a lot, not only did he win a lot, he also obtained the Heaven Earth Killing Method that caused the entire Human Realm to go crazy for him.

After leaving the city, he rushed towards a dense forest in the distance. That forest was considered to be one of the more famous danger zones, but it was the safest one for Chen Xiang.

"Someone is fighting inside!" Chen Xiang saw wave after wave of strong auras coming from ahead, and strong gusts of wind rose from inside, blowing many of the fallen leaves in the mountain outwards.

Chen Xiang originally wanted to go take a look, but based on the Qi that he had sensed, the two people fighting inside were very strong, so he took a detour.

But the curious Long Xueyi actually used the Heaven tour method, and used his consciousness to check it.

Very quickly, she came to a conclusion. She said in shock: "It’s the son of the Peach Blossom Imperial Land, Tian Zi. This guy lost a billion Spar and gave you a bottle of Peach Blossom Immortal Dew. I didn’t think he would still have the mood to fight right now." Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Oh? "Who’s the one fighting this guy?" Chen Xiang asked in shock.

"I don’t know, but it looks like it was a Vein Martial Cultivators. From its aura, it seems to be from Blue Blood Race, and it’s a young man." Long Xueyi speculated about the identity of the man.

"I will deal with this guy sooner or later. As long as it’s someone who has his eyes on my Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, I won’t let them off!" Chen Xiang secretly clenched his teeth. Last time at the Ding Sheng pill shop, Jing Xingliang said that she would snatch his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword.

"Eating the Hunyuan Dan and strengthening my body should be enough to defeat that guy." Su Meiyao said.

Iron bone Dan s were the best Quenching body Dan he could currently concoct, but it was far from enough. Even if he ate a lot of these pills, it wouldn’t be of much use to him, but he could refine them together. It meant that he could turn multiple medicinal ingredients into a pill.

"The one fighting the Peach Blossom Prince is very strong, I never thought the human royal family was so strong!" Long Xueyi exclaimed.

"I hope that Peach Blossom Prince can live, I want to take care of him myself!" Chen Xiang turned into a bird and flew into a forest. Right now, he had nothing to worry about.

The people who robbed him especially made him feel disgusted. When these guys robbed things, they even talked about a lot of reasons, making others feel that it was very reasonable for them to steal things.

Chen Xiang hid in a cave and laid down some array formations. Only after it made the cave very safe did he start to cultivate.

"If I make a breakthrough, I’ll have to go through tribulation!" Chen Xiang thought about that terrifying Nirvana Doom and felt a lingering fear. If he wasn’t protected by a group of old fellows when he went through the tribulation last time, he definitely wouldn’t have been this relaxed.

However, he also wanted to test out a more normal Nirvana Doom. Last time, his first calamity had been a great calamity for two thousand people.

The Hunyuan Dan was a low-grade Heaven level pellet, so Chen Xiang did not dare to eat the whole pellet. Instead, he allowed Su Meiyao to use a special method to split the pellet into two.

The Hunyuan Dan contained a large amount of refined Innate Qi s, and after eating it, he would be able to open up the Zhenyuan granule in his dantian even faster.

After consuming half a pellet, Chen Xiang felt a burst of energy in his body, but the energy was very gentle and flowed through his veins.

As Chen Xiang cultivated, he continued to condense creation divine liquid s. He needed a large amount of medicinal ingredients to refine the Iron bone Dan.

In a blink of an eye, ten days had passed and Chen Xiang was still in the midst of cultivating.

The peace in Dan City returned, and many of the ancient factions left, leaving only a portion of them behind. Following the commotion caused by the Heaven Earth Killing Method, more and more factions of ancient families and sects appeared, all of them being at the same level as the s and sage realm experts.