Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Dan Fragrance Pure Land had successfully received the Dazzling Spring Pill Shop and changed its name to Fragrance Pavilion. Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue then returned to continue refining their array disc.

However, they were not willing to just create an ordinary profound Realm, so they had to spend more time on it, creating a larger, more stable, and more concentrated spirit energy profound Realm.

But an array disc was only a foundation. In addition to this, they also had to carry out many more projects and use a great deal of resources.

Pill City had already returned to its previous state, because there were more Dan King s in the Dan Alliance, making the city safer. The Dan King s had already promised that nothing like that would happen again, and if there were more people sealing the city, these Dan King s would work together to kill it.

Fifteen days after Chen Xiang left Pill City, a huge battle broke out at the Pill City’s fighting grounds. Two women were actually fighting: one was a white-haired girl in red armor, and the other was the Heavenly Girl of the Feng Clan, Feng Yuhe.

That beautiful white-haired woman was Chen Xiang’s recognized sister, Leng Youlan! After she found out that Chen Xiang and the heavenly woman from the Feng Clan had fought, the first thing she did when she came out was to find this woman and challenge her to a battle!

The two of them were evenly matched in the beginning, but later, Feng Yuhe somehow escaped. The furious Leng Youlan almost attacked the reconstructed Feng Clan Pill Shop, but she was stopped by another woman.

Not long after, White Sea Imperial Land’s Ji Meixian was also challenged by a girl in Pill City. Ji Meixian was already very pretty, but he was still a little lacking compared to the girl.

When she found out that the girl in front of her was Xue Xianxian, Ji Meixian was extremely happy. Because she knew that Xue Xianxian was Chen Xiang’s wife, and wanted to use Xue Xianxian to threaten Chen Xiang.

Because Xue Xianxian was very strong, knew Icewind magic kungfu, and was Liu Meng’er’s disciple. What made her surprised was that although Xue Xianxian looked delicate and beautiful, a kindhearted and pure fairy that didn’t taint the mortal world, she was actually fiercer than Chen Xiang in battle!

If Ji Meixian was not a Ranker from the Heaven Realm’s side and had his own battle experience, she would have been severely injured by Xue Xianxian.

The Pill Emperor Hall was situated in the center of the Pill Emperor Hall, and there were many spectators watching from the sidelines. A battle between women that could shake the heavens and earth truly made the youths of the supreme powers feel ashamed!

"Want to run?" Leng Youlan shouted coldly from below. In her hand was a red and white greatsword, and a fiery red armor was worn on her body, not only did it not affect her beautiful figure, but it had also added a strange charm to it. Following the fluttering of her white hair, it made her look even wilder and more domineering!

Ji Meixian was bleeding from the corner of her mouth, she did not expect Xue Xianxian to be stronger than Chen Xiang! And Chen Xiang’s recognized sister below, was also a terrifying woman. Many men didn’t even dare to look at her.

Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan had already passed through the second tribulation, and the two of them had gone through it together. That time, they did not know what would happen to their Nirvana Doom, nor did they expect it from Chen Xiang, but they still passed through it.

Liu Meng’er had to wait for them to pass through the second tribulation before he could be at ease, because the Icewind magic kungfu had to pass through the second tribulation before it could unleash its true strength! After all, they were people that were very close to Chen Xiang.

However, after they had passed the second tribulation and mastered the ability of escape in the Icewind magic kungfu, they could easily escape in front of the most powerful enemies.

"There’s a misunderstanding between us!" Ji Meixian’s eyes flickered. Although she was young and beautiful, she had lived in the Heaven Realm for many years, and was just a living fossil.

"Misunderstanding? Your White Sea Imperial Land wants to kill my husband. As the Heavenly Daughter of Bai Hai, you are my husband’s number one enemy. I only killed you to save my husband some trouble in the future. " Xue Xianxian’s voice was light and her white clothes fluttered gently. Her black hair fluttered in the wind and an extraordinary temperament was formed naturally.

Ji Meixian was not an ordinary woman. Although she was facing two strong enemies, she was very shrewd and scheming. It would not be difficult for her to escape, but that would be very unsightly.

Previously, the Feng Clan Heavenly Girl had been beaten to the point of running away. Now, she was filled with curses, which affected the reputation of the entire Feng Clan.

I did not threaten to kill him, nor did I want to snatch his things. In Green Summit City, I only made my move to save the Son of Heaven of White Sea Imperial Land! She knew that Chen Xiang was not in Pill City. If she could get a good relationship with Xue Xianxian and Xue Xianxian, then she could use these two women, who had a good relationship with Chen Xiang, to threaten him.

"If you want to run, then hurry up and run. What are you blabbering about?" Leng Youlan shouted.

Xue Xianxian did not speak further, with her palm, the entire fighting arena was covered in a thick layer of ice, the cold Qi released by the Ice Wind Palm was extremely strong, transforming into countless of ice swords that pierced towards Ji Meixian.

"There really is a misunderstanding between us. We’re all women, so we should sit down and have a peaceful chat." Ji Meixian clenched her teeth, if she wasn’t protected by her Immortal clothes, she would have ran away. The Icewind magic kungfu was very strong, it was hard for people to guard against the cold, it was very easy to freeze the Innate Qi.

"Alright, give me a hundred million Spar as a guarantee. After I see my brother, if you confirm that there’s a misunderstanding, then I’ll return it to you." Leng Youlan said, she knew that Ji Meixian had bet two hundred billion, even though she had already lost, it proved that she was a tycoon.

Ji Meixian scolded in his heart. Chen Xiang was just a guy who spent all his time thinking about how to trap the Spar. He never thought that his sister would be like a bird.

"No problem!" Ji Meixian agreed, while Xue Xianxian also stopped, no longer attacking.

Ji Meixian heaved a sigh of relief. She felt that she could quickly become friends with these two terrifying girls.

Everyone was secretly unhappy, in the end, they had actually used Spar s to deal with it. However, hundreds of billions of Spar s still surprised them.

Ji Meixian passed a Storage bag to Xue Xianxian: "There are a hundred billion Spar here as a guarantee! When you see Chen Xiang, you just need to confirm with him. If I am lying to you, you don’t need to return it to me, but if there is no enmity between us, you should return it to me! I believe both of you are trustworthy people. "

Xue Xianxian counted and after confirming that there were a hundred billion Spar inside, he revealed a very beautiful smile: "No problem!"

Ji Meixian also laughed and said: "Then let’s find a place and sit down to have a good chat. We are all women, there is no need to fight in such a manner!"

Xue Xianxian jumped down from the Contest Ring, handed the Storage bag over to Leng Youlan, then smiled at Ji Meixian: "Before we confirm that we are enemies or friends, we have nothing to discuss."

Leng Youlan kept the Storage bag and left with Xue Xianxian. Ji Meixian’s smile froze, and she secretly cursed in her heart, she never thought that these two women would be so cautious, even if it cost 100 billion, they would still not let down their guard, and just take them and leave! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

He felt that he had to at least light up 300,000 of them. If he knew that Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan were to follow his example and scam others everywhere, he would definitely be very happy.