Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Yun Xiaodao and the others were not people that were easy to mess with. Even if they were weaker than their opponents, they would still go all out to fight them.

Now that they were stopped by someone like this, the anger in their hearts immediately flared up. All the way from the Super Martial School, their mood had been extremely bad, and now, someone dared to provoke them like this, was purely challenging their bottom line.

"Kid, what f * cking attitude is this?" Yun Xiaodao turned and said coldly.

The group of people that flew over, were not only from Peach Blossom Prince’s group, but also those from other forces. It was obvious that they were heading towards that desert.

Peach Blossom Prince was originally a very arrogant person, and Yun Xiaodao and the rest were in a very sorry state, so of course they wouldn’t be put in his eyes.

"What did you just say?" Jing Xingliang’s face darkened, his eyes revealing killing intent.

"Kid, what f * cking attitude is that?" Yun Xiaodao roared again, the people behind Jing Xingliang were all stunned, there was actually someone who dared to yell at the Son of Heaven, and even used such vulgar language?

Behind Jing Xingliang were some disciples of famous sects, and a few girls. The Heavenly Peach Blossom Heavenly Girl Mu Jialan was also here, and she could only watch from the side.

"Country bumpkin, you’re quite bold, do you know who he is? He is the Son of Heaven of Peach Blossom Imperial Land! " A tall and skinny young man behind Jing Xingliang sneered.

"Ha! The Son of Heaven is amazing!" ’s Son of Heaven and Son of Heaven of White Sea Imperial Land were all killed by someone, this greasy Peach Blossom Prince of yours wouldn’t be any better. " Yun Xiaodao said in disdain.

Jing Xingliang and the rest’s faces changed, someone was actually provoking them!

"Why are you wasting time with them? If you want to make a move, then hurry up and do it. If you don’t, then hurry up and leave. The next wave is coming." Xiao Chou rubbed his bald head. His current strength was unfathomable, and he had benefited greatly from Great Strength Race’s gathering.

Jing Xingliang clenched his fists and was about to attack, but Mu Jialan anxiously stopped him: "I think we should wait for Leader to come in first, it’s really dangerous in front!"

Just then, Teng Ying’s face changed, and shouted: Run, it’s coming again!

Hearing this, Zhu Rong and the others immediately ran, but a flame storm suddenly surged in front of them. From afar, it looked like countless fiery red demons were baring their fangs and brandishing their claws, as they roared out, and any place they passed by would be burnt into sand.

When Peach Blossom Prince and the rest saw this, they had no choice but to run. They could clearly feel that if they touched those flames, they would definitely be burnt to ashes.

"How can these bumpkins run so fast!" A man who was running wildly behind them cursed. At this moment, he had been scorched by the heat of the flames until his blood was almost completely evaporated.

At this time, Zhu Rong laughed out loud. "I say, you princes, quickly run away. Otherwise, you will be burnt to ashes and not even ashes will you guys be left, haha ..."

Seeing that those lagging fellows had ashen faces, Yun Xiaodao laughed out loud. "Quick, get your greasy Peach Blossom Prince to save you all, let him use the Peach Blossom Immortal Dew, haha ..."

"The Peach Blossom Immortal Dew has all fallen!" Xv Weilong added.

"Don’t be complacent!" Peach Blossom Prince was also furious, now that they were on fire, the few fellows in front could actually run so fast, and even had the mood to tease them.

Mu Jialan saw that the young men in front of him were definitely not ordinary, otherwise their speed would not be so fast.

Yun Xiaodao and the others had just received a very cruel training, that was why their escaping abilities were so powerful. This was the result of Wu Kaiming and Gu Dongchen’s special training.

In the blink of an eye, more than ten days had passed. Xiao Chou and the others had already left that Son of Heaven and Sky Woman behind.

As for what was happening in that desert, none of them knew. It was Teng Ying’s guess that there was a crack in the ground that caused such a terrifying flame to gush out.

After going through so many dangers, Xiao Chou and the rest finally arrived at Pill City, and entered the Super Martial School’s business. It was a relatively simple hotel, and was originally arranged to deal with the demon race, but after Huang Jintian came out, the demon race did not dare to act rashly, and had even made peace.

That was why they came with him to train and look for Chen Xiang in the Pill City.

"One billion Spar being teleported, five people would be five billion. He earned so much that he killed those bastards." Zhu Rong bit on his pig’s leg angrily.

"We don’t even have five hundred million Spar now, but Elder Brother Shen will definitely be rich." Yun Xiaodao said.

"Yes, we still owe him a large amount of Spar." Zhu Rong thought about this, his face full of dejection.

Chen Xiang gave them a lot of pills, they were all on credit, but they had gathered enough Spar s, so they came this time to repay their debts. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"You guys are in such a sorry state. What happened on the way?" A scholar with a jade-like face and wearing a white robe walked in with a fan in his hand and a smile on his face. It was Lian Mingdong.

"Damn scholar, you have a good father. Of course you wouldn’t know what happened on our journey." Yun Xiaodao was unhappy.

"Oh? What kind of hardships have all of you endured? Lian Mingdong laughed.

Xiao Chou picked up a bowl of vegetables and threw it at Lian Mingdong. Lian Mingdong was unable to dodge in time, and his snow-white robes were covered with vegetables and oil.

Seeing Lian Mingdong being so relaxed, he was very unhappy, but he laughed now: "I’m more comfortable now!"

"How satisfying!" Yun Xiaodao laughed.

Teng Ying shook his head, he did not understand what these humans were doing, although he had spent so much effort on one dish, he could not understand why they would be so happy.

Lian Mingdong only laughed, "I heard that the people from the Peach Blossom Prince are looking for you. According to their description, you guys have offended him!"

"How many Spar are they offering us as bounty?" Zhu Rong’s eyes lit up and asked anxiously.

"One hundred thousand Spar!" Lian Mingdong’s words made Yun Xiaodao and the others unhappy.

"Scholar, where is he now?" Let’s go beat him up, cripple him, raise the price of his Peach Blossom Imperial Land s a little, and then you cooperate with us to set a trap for their Spar. Zhu Rong laughed sinisterly.

"Not a bad idea, I agree!" Yun Xiaodao nodded.

Lian Mingdong shook his head and laughed: "Aren’t you guys too poor? But now we have a huge opportunity to make a killing, and that is in a forest outside the city. There are many rare demon beasts that are fire attributed!"

"Beating demon beasts to sell Spar, this method is too slow!" Zhu Rong shook his head.

"However, there is a very precious demon beast inside. Rumor has it that it is worth over a hundred billion!" Lian Mingdong’s words almost made their eyeballs pop out of their sockets.

Lian Mingdong continued to speak: "Because there is some movement in the Core of the Earth, and a large amount of terrifying flames surged out, that place has now become a very terrifying and dangerous place, called Earth’s Core Fire Realm. Many fire-attributed demon beasts hide in the forests near that area, and absorb the Core Fire Qi to cultivate."

"Damn, it’s just like the bald eagle said. It’s indeed a matter of the earth’s core. Our lives were almost lost there!" Yun Xiaodao gasped.

Chen Xiang was now refining a Iron bone Dan in the forest near the Earth’s Core Fire Realm. He had continuously refined Iron bone Dan for over five months!