Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The Son of Heaven that Feng Clan had just selected had been annihilated, the two Son of Heaven in Feng Clan had been killed by Chen Xiang! As for the Heavenly Girl, she was lying on the ground. One of her arms was crippled, and her internal injuries were severe.

Ji Meixian thought that the attack she used just now was extremely familiar. It was the same as the one she used just now, that kind of power that carried a natural spirituality, just that the aura was much stronger than hers.

She saw Chen Xiang walking towards Feng Yuhe and anxiously transmitted to Chen Xiang: "You want to kill her?"

Chen Xiang looked at Feng Yuhe with a murderous look on his face, and immediately replied Ji Meixian. With a flash of green light, he released the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s that many ancient powers were drooling over!

"You ..." Feng Yuhe’s delicate body trembled, she did not expect Chen Xiang to be so strong, even if their Feng Clan’s Heavenly Maiden and Tian Zi joined forces, they would still be unable to take him down.

Chen Xiang waved his blade, and laughed coldly: "I have already killed two of the Sky Children of your Feng Clan, so killing you would also have the same consequences. You don’t need to use your Feng Clan as a threat, I have already said it before, if you want to make a move on me, you will have to bear the consequences."

It was not only the Feng Clan, but also the White Sea Imperial Land. However, he was unable to kill Ji Meixian now.

"No ...." Feng Yuhe’s face was filled with fear as he screamed, but Chen Xiang’s Divine Blade had already been mercilessly chopped down. The berserk Dragon Power poured into the blade’s body, causing it to become extremely heavy.

The divine blade descended and the ground split open, creating an additional deep ravine. Violent flames surged out from the blade and incinerated that piece of flesh!

The peerless beauty of a generation was instantly transformed into dust. She was once chased and pursued by many, and was pursued by many young elites. But now, she was only an ant killed by a lift of a hand and turned into ashes!

Ji Meixian, Mu Jialan, Qin Yao, these three girls were watching in a daze. Even the son of the Qin family took a deep breath.

The reason why Chen Xiang did this was to tell Ji Meixian and the others that even if it was the Heavenly Girl, he would still be ruthless!

"Let’s go!" Qin Meng was not confident that he could defeat Chen Xiang. Not to mention him alone, even if he joined hands with the heavenly daughter of the Qin family, it would still be somewhat difficult, unless the heavenly daughter of the White Sea Imperial Land and the White Sea Imperial Land joined in.

"Young Master Shen, please let Jing Xingliang go ..." Mu Jialan saw Chen Xiang walking towards the battlefield and anxiously said.

"He must die. As long as it is the person who has thoughts on my blade, I will not let him off!" Chen Xiang glanced at Ji Meixian coldly, and continued: "I heard my good friend Duan Sanchang mention that he had the intention to steal my divine blade."

Mu Jialan bit her lips and said: "Your disciple is currently fighting with him, do you two want to fight him together?"

Chen Xiang said: "Against the enemy, as long as we can kill them!"

He disappeared in a flash, and appeared behind Xiao Chou. Mu Jialan was shocked, and followed closely behind. She was the Peach Blossom Heavenly Girl, she could not watch as the Peach Blossom Prince died.

Jing Xingliang was shocked when he saw Chen Xiang suddenly arrive. He had just seen Chen Xiang killing the Feng Clan’s Sky Maiden and Tian Zi, but he did not expect that Chen Xiang would come to find him so quickly.

"All of you, die together!" Jing Xingliang laughed sinisterly, the sword in his hand flashed with a rainbow light, and countless sword aura enveloped them, as though countless swords were thrusting towards them, covering Chen Xiang and Xiao Chou.

"Break for me!" Xiao Chou waved the iron rod, releasing a burst of divine power that swept up a large amount of golden light. It was as if he was holding onto a huge fan, sweeping away all of the sword aura.

Chen Xiang said in a low voice: "Go, I will lock him down!"

The ground suddenly split open, revealing a gigantic mud dragon. The water and soil mixed together, it was extremely powerful, locking Jing Xingliang tightly, revealing only his head.

"Stop!" Mu Jialan shouted. Even though she hated Jing Xingliang and he was against her frequently, she couldn’t just stand by and watch him die when he was in the same sect.

Chen Xiang was already on her guard, Mu Jialan had just released his powerful palm force, wanting to shatter the mud dragon, but who would have known that a bolt of heavenly lightning would suddenly struck down, causing her body to sway, the Innate Qi that she had just condensed had completely scattered, and there was even a mud dragon on the ground, wrapping around her.

Xiao Chou seized the opportunity and leaped into the air. Raising the iron rod high up, he focused all of his divine power onto the iron rod.

"White-Faced Monkey, go to hell!" Xiao Chou roared, and smashed down with the rod.

"Damned bald donkey ..." Don’t even think about killing me! " A round shield suddenly appeared on top of Jing Xingliang’s head, with a Peach Blossom pattern on it. The Peach Blossom pattern was formed using some ancient Spirit grain, similar to the ones on Tong Tian Aristocratic Family.

"The power of an Empyrean God!" Xiao Chou’s body was surrounded by golden light, as though he was a golden man. A berserk aura erupted from his body, as though it was the appearance of the Dragon Power, causing the earth to shake violently.

That stick was surrounded by this terrifying divine power, and it smashed against that round peach blossom shield. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Bang! With a loud sound, a wave of Qi swept out, the round shield was smashed into pieces, Jing Xingliang’s head was like a crushed watermelon, exploding on the ground with blood and brain matter flying everywhere.

Mu Jialan was not weak, even though Chen Xiang had used a lot of strength to entangle her, she had still managed to struggle free, but it was already too late. By the time she had arrived, Chen Xiang had already released a fireball, causing Jing Xingliang’s body to be engulfed in flames.

"Sigh ..." Mu Jialan sighed lightly in front of that ball of flames and then floated away. She had already tried her best, but she still hadn’t stopped Chen Xiang and the others.

Right now, there were only Chen Xiang and the other Super Martial School disciples in the forest.

"Haha, our Super Martial School has won. Those Heavenly Sons of the Heaven are all cowards. We won without even fighting." Zhu Rong laughed.

"Damn pig, you’re not the one who won the fight, what are you so proud of?" Yun Xiaodao’s eyes were filled with contempt.

Wu Qianqian chuckled: "You guys are pretty amazing, you actually managed to catch my White Snow."

Zhu Rong laughed dryly, "It was the little baldy and the condor that took action. I was running too slow, I couldn’t even get a hold of the horse hair, it had nothing to do with me."

Xv Weilong said: "It was his idea. He set up a trap to catch us, otherwise it would have been impossible for us to succeed."

Zhu Rong glared at Xv Weilong.

"Old Pig, you’re still the same as ever!" Chen Xiang laughed. He was also very happy to meet these old friends of his.

"Let’s return to the city first. It will be safer there." Xiao Chou said.

Along the way, Chen Xiang found out about what had happened over the past few months. When he heard that Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan had fought against two Heavenly Sisters, he was extremely shocked.

"Chen Xiang, do you have any enmity with Bai Hai, the Heavenly Girl?" Zhu Rong rubbed his hands together as he asked, since Ji Meixian had given him a guarantee of 100 billion Spar.