Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The reason why they were staying here, was so that they could wait for the appearance of the "Li Renshan". The Heaven Earth Killing Method was too important to them, it would make it easier for them to enter the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s tomb.

This group of ancient powers all inherited from the Tenth Heaven, and their strength was deep and unfathomable. They also had a very solid foundation in the Heaven Realm, and the Feng Clan and the White Sea Imperial Land, these two families were also very powerful among these ancient powers. But now, the Son of Heaven and the Heavenly Lady died one after another, and they were all killed by the same person.

This time, not only did Chen Xiang infuriate Feng Clan and White Sea Imperial Land, he had also offended a Peach Blossom Imperial Land, and the head of the Sky Child of Peach Blossom Prince was actually smashed by the combined forces of Xiao Chou and Chen Xiang.

Of course, these were all the grudges of the younger generation. Chen Xiang’s blade had indeed caught the attention of many of the ancient powers’ young generation, and anyone who had seen it would want to snatch it away. If they met Chen Xiang in the wilderness, it would be unavoidable for them to fight each other.

What shocked those old fellows the most was that the two Dan King s were indeed killed by Chen Xiang. Their heads were still being preserved by Chen Xiang.

Right now, these two clans were ridiculed by many ancient powers. They clearly had grudges between the younger generation, yet they repeatedly sent out some old people. Moreover, they were even killed by a little brat.

White Sea Imperial Land and Feng Clan couldn’t sit still anymore. Even if their people started to talk about this matter, with the death of the two Dan King s, the Son of Heaven and the Heavenly Girl were also killed. They had to find Chen Xiang for an explanation no matter what. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Peach Blossom Imperial Land clearly knew that Jing Xingliang himself had angered Chen Xiang and the others, but they had to go and find Chen Xiang now, otherwise they would be laughed at by others.

Chen Xiang and Ji Meixian were resting at the foot of the mountain. The outcome of this battle was extremely important to them, especially to Ji Meixian.

"Someone is coming, it’s all because of the terrifying killing intent you just released!" Ji Meixian glared at Chen Xiang: The people who have come are all some old fellows. Leader’s Leader and Great Elder, the leaders of Feng Clan and Peach Blossom Imperial Land, and even a large group of people who came to watch the show.

"Why aren’t you leaving?" Ji Meixian floated into the air and shouted to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took out the Luotian Gate and a spatial origin orb. He planned to go to a relatively safe place.

"Come down here. Come with me to a place to fight. That place is safe!" Chen Xiang began to infuse the energy of the spatial bead into the Luotian Gate.

Pill City was in the Continent of the King, and the place Chen Xiang wanted to go to was also in the Continent of the King.

The last time Chen Xiang had used the Luotian Gate, the distance that he traveled was too far, causing the Luotian Gate to be injured.

"We can’t outrun these old guys!" Slowly, a spatial door appeared in front of Chen Xiang.

Seeing that Chen Xiang had the ability, Ji Meixian could not help but snort. Now, she understood why Chen Xiang dared to provoke everyone, even if she had the means to escape.

"Where are you going?" Ji Meixian was a little vigilant.

"What are you afraid of? "We have already signed the Heavenly Blood Contract, and if I use trickery on you, it would go against the contract. It will do me no good." Chen Xiang said snappily.

Just as Ji Meixian arrived at his side, he was grabbed by the arm, and then, he jumped through the spatial door.

After entering the spatial gate, they arrived at a place filled with ruins. Ji Meixian suddenly sensed something, causing his expression to change greatly, and anxiously soared into the sky, but he was stopped by Chen Xiang.

"That dragon is fine." Chen Xiang called out to the forest far away from the ruins, "Big Brother Lan, I want to borrow a place."

The blue dragon’s name was Lan Cang and although he had only spoken a few words with this dragon the last time Chen Xiang had come in, he had told them his name.

"You little bastard, I won’t change your name. I already told you last time, come to my place and don’t bring any women in!" Lan Cang’s voice came out from the forest, causing a large group of people to jump out: "You can use this crappy place as you like, but just don’t destroy my forest, you can’t be thinking of doing business here, right?"

"Where are you thinking? I have some history with this woman, and I’m going to have a fight with her here right now. " Chen Xiang curled his lips and said.

From her conversation with Chen Xiang, she could see that the dragon in the forest had a good relationship with Chen Xiang. Her spiritual sense was extremely sharp, and she was very clear about the dragon’s strength. It made her very afraid, she never thought that Chen Xiang’s support was actually this strong.

"What is this place?" Ji Meixian looked around and asked coldly.

"Other than this crappy place, everything else is very dangerous. If you want to fight, then hurry up. Remember, don’t come to my forest and fight." Lan Cang warned.

The group of old fellows who came to find Chen Xiang missed their target, causing them to be even more furious. A large group of experts was actually thrown away by a little kid, and they didn’t know where Chen Xiang was right now.

"Can we call now? I’m ready!" Chen Xiang could not wait any longer. When he thought about how the White Sea Imperial Land and the Feng Clan had sent a bunch of old fellows to find him, and knew that they would definitely capture him, relying on the strength that they had gained from cultivating to bully a little brat, he felt extremely dissatisfied.

"Come on. The grudge between us will be resolved through this battle! Don’t worry, even if you lose to me, I won’t kill you in the future! " Ji Meixian’s voice was cold, her snow-white dress overflowed with a faint golden sacred radiance, and with one glance, one could tell that this was not the White Sea Imperial Land’s *.

Chen Xiang did not use a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, nor did he intend to use a profoundwu diamond armour and a Slaughter God’s Hand. He needed to rely on what he had learned to defeat Ji Meixian, and on one hand, it would help him comprehend the Ground killing.

The two of them were very serious. Lan Cang who was inside the forest turned into a blue light and flew out, appearing beside Chen Xiang and the others in his human form.

Seeing this blue clothed middle aged man appear, Ji Meixian’s jade face was filled with vigilance. She took a few steps back with her palms glowing golden, because the person in front of her was too dangerous.

"I’m just watching from the side. I won’t interfere." Lan Cang smiled and retreated out of the ruins. He stood outside the ruins and let out a long sigh of relief.

"Kid, this woman is very powerful. There is some kind of powerful bloodline in her body that does not belong to a human! The energy that she’s using right now is something that even I am a little afraid of. If she had the same cultivation level as me, I would only be able to escape. " Lan Cang warned Chen Xiang.