Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Ji Meixian looked at Bai Youyou carefully. Bai Youyou was no longer the one she was familiar with, especially when she was looking at Chen Xiang. Her eyes were filled with tenderness, and this made her wonder if Chen Xiang had grasped some powerful soul reaping technique that could actually change these two women so much.

Especially for Bai Youyou, she no longer had that heartless smell, and could tell that she no longer trained in the Ruthless magic.

"You gave up the Ruthless magic? This really surprises me! " Ji Meixian didn’t seem to have any hostility towards Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou, as if he was talking to an old acquaintance.

and Bai Youyou, on the other hand, were different. Although Su Meiyao and Chen Xiang were stuck together, their eyes were filled with hatred when they looked at Ji Meixian.

"You heal first!" Chen Xiang tossed a pellet of Relive Dan to Ji Meixian and Ji Meixian received it with one hand before he digested the medicinal power.

Now that she knew who taught Chen Xiang the pill refining skills, she could guess that Chen Xiang had a powerful treasure that could make Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou stay inside. From the very beginning, her identity as a Yu Yi Immortal Fairy was known to Chen Xiang.

She was currently feeling very unhappy, because she felt that she had been tricked by Chen Xiang and the two women from the very beginning.

"Why have you been looking for our master?" Bai Youyou coldly asked. The reason Ji Meixian chased them was to force the Old Devil Wuqing out.

"If I told you, you might not believe me. There is a misunderstanding between us, but now I am this brat’s female slave. I don’t think there is any hatred between us anymore." Ji Meixian closed his eyes to refine the pill, and said indifferently.

"Speak!" Su Meiyao really wanted to know the reason behind all of this, and even more so, wanted to know the misunderstanding between the two of them.

"The heartless old devil was my uncle, but because he cultivated the Ruthless magic, he became bloodthirsty. Later on, I heard that he died, but I don’t believe that with that kind of strength, he won’t die! "

Ji Meixian’s words truly made Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou unable to believe it. They were the disciples of the heartless old devil and didn’t know that the heartless old devil had a niece.

"He once took care of me for a period of time and my relationship with him is extremely good. It’s just that I never thought that the Ruthless magic would actually make him into a devil!" Ji Meixian sighed, judging from her sorrowful expression, she did not seem to be lying.

"I’ve chased you all around the Heaven Realm for so long, but I’ve never succeeded in killing you all. Do you really think that I’m the one who can’t defeat you all?" Ji Meixian asked with a cold smile.

"Hey, have a better attitude, you’re my slave now!" Chen Xiang scolded: "Also, you have to wash their feet in the future!"

Ji Meixian trembled in anger, her entire body trembling, she actually wanted to help the two girls wash their feet!

"That’s right. You have been chasing us for so many years. There have been many times where you have succeeded!" Bai Youyou thought back to everything that had happened that year and truthfully replied.

"I am quite famous in Heaven Realm. As long as others know that I was the one who was chasing and killing you, your enemies would not dare to compete with me. Do you think with your two girls’ abilities, you can take care of those guys your master provoked?" Ji Meixian asked.

This caused Chen Xiang to be shocked, the heartless old demon actually brought two delicate female disciples to cause trouble everywhere, making enemies everywhere in the family.

Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou looked at each other, they had become silent. When Ji Meixian was chasing them, their other enemies did not dare to interfere, as they had to give way to Ji Meixian.

This made it difficult for them to accept it. The reason Ji Meixian was chasing them was to protect them, and even though it looked like he was going after them, they couldn’t catch him. And Ji Meixian did not dare to accept them, because that would only cause Ji Meixian to be implicated as well.

Chen Xiang really wanted to know what kind of enemies these two women had gotten into, to actually sound so scary.

After all, your master is my uncle, and you are his disciples. Naturally, I have to take care of you.

Ji Meixian was still fuming inside. To think that she was so wise, to think that she had actually been tricked by a little kid and became his female slave. He still did not know what would happen in the future that she could not bear.

"Forget it, let bygones be bygones." Chen Xiang laughed, Ji Meixian was truly capable, if not he would not be able to get so familiar with the Heaven Realm.

"Wait until we go to the Sacred Dan Realm and obtain the Truth Stone. If we confirm that what you have said is true, we will kowtow to you in apology before breaking the contract!" Bai Youyou said. At the moment, she no longer held so much hatred towards Ji Meixian, as what had happened in the past was already in the past. Moreover, Ji Meixian had now become Chen Xiang’s female slave. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Chen Xiang muttered: "How can that be? I had a hard time accepting her as a slave! "

Su Meiyao scoffed, "You don’t lack female slaves, if what she says is the truth, then let her go!"

"No need, that’s a death contract. It can’t be broken!" Ji Meixian’s face turned cold. If she had thought that the current situation would happen, she would not have signed the death contract, because she only knew of Master-servant Contract.

Chen Xiang was secretly happy, but his face was full of regret. He said righteously: "Don’t worry, if what you said is the truth, I will think of all the ways and means to remove Master-servant Contract from your side!"

"But she is still my slave. Hehe, don’t worry, I won’t violate you, but you have to listen to me. "

"Master’s background is very mysterious. We never knew that he had a sister, much less a niece like you." Su Meiyao frowned, and thought back to what her master had told them.

"Of course, she came from Imperial Feather Race, her identity must be kept a secret." Chen Xiang’s words caused Ji Meixian to open his eyes abruptly and wait for him in shock.

"How did you know I was from the Imperial Feather Race? Other than the few old fellows from Imperial Feather Race and my parents, no one else knows about it. Even my uncle doesn’t. " Ji Meixian was very surprised, because even in the Heaven Realm, those who knew of her were very few in number, let alone those who knew that she was from there.

Ji Meixian quickly thought of the other secrets that Chen Xiang had, such as the Heavenly dragon seal and the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword.

"Enough, hurry up and treat her injuries. With that Relive Dan, it will be difficult for her to recover." Long Xueyi’s voice sounded, and purposely carried a profound tone, as though he was a master who lived beyond this world.

Seeing that Little Naughty Dragon was putting on an act again, Chen Xiang really wanted to drag her out and knead her fiercely.

"Who are you!" Ji Meixian was shocked again. It was indeed difficult for the Relive Dan to let her recover, and that Heavenly dragon seal had heavily injured her.

"Who am I? Remember this well, I am the first Dragon Emperor of the Primordial Era, the one who established the Emperor Dragon Sacred Domain in the Tenth Heaven, the one who ruled over the Ninth Heaven for three hundred thousand years. I am an Ancestral Dragon and I have already half a foot into the Dragon God Realm. Long Xueyi said a long string of smelly words. If someone who was not familiar with her was not there, they would really be tricked.

"The dragon race’s bragging emperor is more or less the same!" Chen Xiang muttered in his heart.