Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Everyone calls me Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord, Heavenly dragon seal is my entertainment, but it’s more than enough to deal with a feathered bird like you." Long Xueyi continued to brag. In any case, bragging didn’t require a sum of money, not to mention that she, Imperial Dragon Race, was born with a feud with Imperial Feather Race.

Su Meiyao could not help but chuckle. When he was in the Serene Jade Ring, Long Xueyi often played around like this, although this little girl was a pure white dragon from the Imperial Dragon Race, she did not respect their ancestor in the slightest. She spent her days fantasizing about trampling all of the old dragons from the Imperial Dragon Race beneath her feet, unifying the dragon race, and then becoming the next generation of Dragon Emperor.

This place was extremely safe, and Long Xueyi herself was not weak either. She also left the Serene Jade Ring and appeared before Ji Meixian’s eyes.

She wore a snow-white dress, and her exquisite oval face was filled with mischievous expressions. She looked extremely cute, but if she were to get serious, she would be very beautiful and had an alluring charm to her.

Of course, the most attractive part of her body was not only her pretty little face, there was also her towering chest. There was a sharp contrast to her delicate body, yet it was extremely harmonious.

"Bai Long!" Ji Meixian immediately frowned and retreated a few steps, full of hostility.

"That’s right, I am a sacred white dragon. Back then, I fought fiercely with the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord for three days and three nights, and in the end, he coincidentally won half a move and took the throne away, and his soul was even almost shattered into pieces. When I woke up, countless years had already passed, and the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord had already fallen. Long Xueyi sighed softly.

Chen Xiang knocked on her head fiercely, "Stop pretending, even little kids don’t believe you!"

"Little Scoundrel, if it wasn’t for this dragon, would you have been able to subdue her?" Long Xueyi scratched his head and muttered.

"I still underestimated you. With Imperial Dragon Race’s Bai Long by your side, it’s no wonder you know so many things, and also understand Heavenly dragon seal. I’m afraid you have already grasped many of Imperial Dragon Race’s secret techniques." Ji Meixian looked at Long Xueyi. She had stayed in the Heaven Realm for a long time, but this was the first time she saw a member of the Imperial Dragon Race. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Of course, your Imperial Avian Race is way worse than my Imperial Dragon Race." Long Xueyi said in high spirits.

"Hmph, I’m not from Imperial Feather Race. Don’t associate me with him!" Ji Meixian said.

"You are Scoundrel’s female slave now. If Imperial Avian Race knew, he would definitely come and snatch you away." Long Xueyi laughed.

"Wrong. If they knew, they would definitely kill me. They definitely cannot let their bloodline suffer such humiliation." Ji Meixian’s voice became cold, and his eyes filled with resentment.

Long Xueyi was not the least bit worried, "If you have the guts, then let them come. In the future, I will join hands with Little Scoundrel, and not just Imperial Avian Race, even Imperial Dragon Race and those old fellows will be beaten until the ground falls, right Scoundrel Emperor!"

"When did you give me this bullshit name?" Chen Xiang pinched the tender flesh of Long Xueyi’s face.

Long Xueyi slapped Chen Xiang’s hands away, and said to Ji Meixian in a serious tone: "Now you have a chance to work with me, the future unparalleled Dragon Emperor, as long as you are willing to work hard, I will definitely help you unravel the Imperial Avian Race’s bird nest in the future, bestowing you the title of undying golden peng’s slave as the chief of the Undying Golden Roc!"

In the beginning, it was even more interesting, but later on, she started to ramble on again. Chen Xiang directly gave her a fruit, letting her, the Greedy Emperor, nibble on it.

The small craving dragon did not change its surname. Seeing such a good fruit, it could not help but take big bites of it. As it chewed on it, it blew on its skin, unable to speak clearly.

"I finished eating. Quickly tell me how to treat her wounds." Chen Xiang rubbed Long Xueyi’s face and asked.

"Use your blood or a Eternal Dan. Which do you choose?" Long Xueyi said as he struggled out of Chen Xiang’s grasp and walked to Ji Meixian’s side. He then turned to Ji Meixian’s side in interest and pulled at Ji Meixian’s clothes, wanting to see that set of Divine Robe.

Ji Meixian had indeed been intimidated by Long Xueyi in the beginning, but now, in her eyes, Long Xueyi was just a mischievous little girl.

However, what Long Xueyi had said was that she had always wanted to tear off Imperial Feather Race’s bird nest, but that was extremely difficult to do. However, with Chen Xiang and his help, it was still possible for her to do that in the near future.

"Why are you in Mortal Realm?" Su Meiyao placed a hand on Ji Meixian’s chest, inspecting her injuries, causing her expression to become grave. Ji Meixian was indeed heavily injured.

"They were beaten up by the experts of the Imperial Feather Race. They wanted to kill me at first because I threatened them with my power. At that time, there were more than ten of your enemies." When Ji Meixian mentioned about this, his face was full of anger.

She looked at Long Xueyi and asked: "Your White Dragon’s status isn’t low in the Imperial Dragon Race, and why are you here in the Mortal Realm?"

"How should I know? I guessed that my parents were probably persecuted by the old undead of the Imperial Dragon Race, which was why they opened an opening and threw me out of the Mortal Realm. Anyway, the old dragons of the Imperial Dragon Race are not good people, sooner or later I will exterminate them. " Long Xueyi also really wanted to know his own life, but there wasn’t any in his inherited memories.

"Little Scoundrel, if you think about your new female slave so that you can hurry, you can either bleed or take out that Eternal Dan." Long Xueyi was also checking on Ji Meixian’s injuries.

The Eternal Dan could not be handed over. He did not have many pellets now, so he could only let out some blood.

His blood recovered very quickly, it didn’t matter how much he put away. He took out a jade bottle, used the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword to cut open his wrist and started to release the powerful blood.

This was because there was the blood of the Jade Dragon inside it. If it mixed with the blood of the Undead Bird, Ji Meixian’s recovery would be even faster.

"After your injuries have healed, you will let you return to the White Sea Imperial Land and continue to stay there. Then, you will help me swindle the fifty bounty rewards. Now, they are probably going to increase the bounty." Chen Xiang said while letting out blood. He smiled and said, "And we can’t let go of the Feng Clan’s Relive Dan as well."

Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were originally sophisticated masters, coupled with the knowledge provided by Long Xueyi, many old fellows had already fallen into his hands. However, Ji Meixian still found it hard to understand what method Chen Xiang used to kill hundreds of experts overnight in Pill City, and there were also many experts whose strength far surpassed his. All of them had died in Chen Xiang’s hands.

However, she believed that she would find out the secret very soon. Right now, she was completely under Chen Xiang’s control, so even if she found out some secrets, it wouldn’t be a big deal.

"Drink it. Since you hate me so much, you should be able to vent your hatred by drinking my blood, right?" Chen Xiang laughed.

Ji Meixian borrowed it and took a big gulp without hesitation. She didn’t know why Long Xueyi had caused her and Chen Xiang to lose so much blood previously, but she immediately understood now.

She drank the whole bottle of blood in one gulp. Her recovery speed was so fast that it was hard for her to understand.