Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was slightly angry. He had saved the Qin Family Patriarch’s daughter, but now these old fellows actually treated him like this. They actually wanted to capture him!

In the eyes of these old fellows, he was a treasure. He had the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu and the powerful immortal blade on him, and if he gave them to the Feng Clan or to the White Sea Imperial Land, he would get fifty Relive Dan. How could they let Chen Xiang go? No matter what, he had to make Chen Xiang stay.

But Chen Xiang had to leave, he had planned to swindle the Feng Clan’s Relive Dan away, and he definitely could not be delayed.

"Sis, why didn’t you let him go?" Qin Keluo quietly asked Qin Yao, but everyone could hear her.

At this time, even if they were children, they could see the enmity on the faces of the Qin warriors who were surrounding Chen Xiang.

Qin Yao didn’t reply. What the Qin Clan was doing was extremely inappropriate. If word of this got out, it would definitely affect their reputation.

"Let him go, he saved me." She knew that the elders were very strong, so she was somewhat worried that a conflict might break out later.

"You can’t be so ungrateful!" Qin Kou Rou was a little angry, creasing her eyebrows and shouting. This made those experts turn red with embarrassment.

Chen Xiang’s face was sneering, his fists clenched tight, ready to fight at any moment: "If you guys want to fight, then just do it, you Tong Tian Aristocratic Family are a small marten, it’s normal for you guys to do such a thing, right?"

"Humph, you can leave now!" An elder snorted and stepped aside.

"Big sister, he risked his life to save me, so why would the elders treat him like this? Didn’t grandpa teach us to repay our kindness? It was one thing for them to not pay him, but they still wanted to capture him and exchange him for a Relive Dan ... Is our Qin family’s elder so lacking in Relive Dan? " Qin Keluo held onto Qin Yao’s hand as she whispered.

Fifty Relive Dan s was still worth a lot, but Chen Xiang’s Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu and that blade was what these old fellows coveted the most.

Chen Xiang swaggered away, but he did not relax his vigilance. Although Qin Keluo was innocent and innocent, those old fellows were not so. He had long seen the shamelessness of White Sea Imperial Land and Feng Clan, and felt that there was not much difference between them and the Qin Family.

The allure of the immortal sabre was too great; it was enough for many people to snatch it without a care for their own safety.

Chen Xiang walked into the forest. An old man gave the two old men a meaningful glance, and then signaled Qin Yao to bring Qin Qirou away!

Qin Yao frowned. As a daughter of the Qin Clan, and also the daughter of the Qin Clan Head, she might inherit that position in the future. The son of the Qin Clan Lord was her cousin, and these elders were all members of the son of the Qin Clan.

"Elders, this isn’t appropriate!" Qin Yao had already made up her mind to not provoke Chen Xiang in the future when she saw Chen Xiang brutally killing the Feng Clan Sky Maiden. Now, she understood why the Peach Blossom Sky Lady wanted to befriend Chen Xiang with all her might. However, even Mu Jialan had not left a good impression on him, because Chen Xiang hated these ancient powers to the core.

"You don’t have to worry about this matter. You just have to bring her back, and the consequences will be our responsibility. Chen Xiang must be taken care of!" By capturing Chen Xiang and taking the Immortal Saber, he would be able to consolidate his position in the Qin Family. He knew that Qin Yao was not weaker than him, and she was also the daughter of the current Patriarch of the Qin Family. In the future, she would have a much higher possibility of becoming Patriarch.

"Then why did you let him go just now?" Qin Yao coldly laughed.

The cute and beautiful little girl, Qin Keluo, was currently looking at them with a look of disgust. "You are even more detestable than the Five Sons of Wolf King! I will ignore you in the future. You do not deserve the bloodline of the Qin family!"

Qin Yao held onto Qin Kou Rou’s little hand and sighed lightly: "Ke Rou, let’s go back and tell father to stop them as soon as possible."

Qin Meng ignored Qin Yao and the others, and followed the few elders into the forest. He followed behind Chen Xiang, and they knew that this matter would definitely not spread out, because the Patriarch of the Qin Clan would definitely not let this matter, which would discredit the Qin Clan, get leaked.

"This group of bastards really did catch up to me. That little girl Qin Yao is really kind. I really want to take her as my female slave." Hiding in a big tree, Chen Xiang used the Heaven tour method to witness their conversation.

"These ancient powers are truly plentiful in scheming and scheming. However, this is the only way to deal with them. Otherwise, how could one suppress a great power?" Su Meiyao chuckled: "Don’t be too many female slaves, it’s enough to have Ji Meixian. But a little scoundrel like you, although you only want to keep female slaves in your name, you have a belly full of evil tricks."

My true female slaves are only Ji Meixian. Little Flower Demon and Warm Moon have done it on their own, and do you think that they look like female slaves? Chen Xiang said as he took out the Death-haunting arrow.

After the Death-haunting arrow was refined by Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue together, with the increase of Chen Xiang’s strength, in addition to the Magical corruption gas that caused the three realms to tremble in fear, it had become a true Death-haunting arrow.

There were a lot of compressed Magical corruption gas in his body, and every time it came out, it would kill him with just one ray, which was enough for him to use for a long time. Furthermore, he planned to go to the Demon and Devil Sinkhole to gather more Magical corruption gas.

"What about the little bastard? With the aura here, where did you run off to? " An old man looked at the footprints on the ground that suddenly disappeared, looking around, searching for Chen Xiang’s tracks.

Chen Xiang had purposely left his presence there as bait, allowing the five elders and Qin Kuang to catch up.

"Chen Xiang has been on the run for a long time, and has been chased and killed by strong warriors many times. However, he was always able to escape successfully, so Elders, you have to be careful!" Qin Meng said solemnly.

These few clan elders had just experienced Chen Xiang’s excellent escaping techniques. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"If these guys had listened to that little girl, they wouldn’t have died. They would have deserved to die." Chen Xiang took a deep breath and locked onto the six people in the forest, summoning his Death-haunting arrow.

"Swoosh!"

In the blink of an eye, it had already struck the bodies of the six people, but it did not pierce through their bodies. This was because they had powerful protective armour on their bodies, but after the Magical corruption gas released them, it turned into a colorless breeze that entered their bodies through their skin and noses!

The moment the six of them sensed a sneak attack, they immediately activated the Innate Qi in their bodies. With the movement of the Innate Qi, the Magical corruption gas immediately swallowed the Innate Qi, strengthening the poison and spreading it all over the bodies of these people.

The people of the Qin family were all experts. They quickly discovered that there was something strange within their bodies. After inspecting it, their expressions all changed. It was because they discovered that they had been poisoned by a very powerful poison!

At this time, they couldn’t care so much. They immediately channeled a large amount of Innate Qi in their bodies to suppress the poison, and at the same time, to prevent it from devouring them.

They all took out high-level antidote pills to consume, but to no avail. Instead, they made the poison even stronger.

"It’s the Magical corruption gas. Chen Xiang, you are fighting against the Heaven and Earth Three Realms. Sooner or later, you will be hunted down by the Nine Heavens and Ten Realms." An old man’s voice trembled as he broke out in a cold sweat.