Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

As Chen Xiang hid in the mountain forest, he didn’t know that his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s were of great origins. Not only was it related to the Azure Dragon, it was also actually related to the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord.

Long Xueyi activated Heaven tour method and went to the faraway Pill City that was more than seven hundred kilometers away, to look for Ji Meixian. Because Chen Xiang was already prepared to go and cheat at Feng Clan.

Ji Meixian was still living in the tower, when she came in contact with Long Xueyi’s divine intent, she anxiously replied: "Make Chen Xiang hide himself, and don’t carry out that plan of tricking the Relive Dan. Before long, hundreds of ancient powers’ leaders will head to the forest to find him, and the Devil Realm and Demon Realm’s experts will also come, so this time, there are more people than last time!"

"Ah?" Why? Chen Xiang only killed a few little wolves, is the Blood Wolf Demonic Clan that powerful? " Long Xueyi did not understand.

"It’s not because of that matter, it’s because the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was used by the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord back then, and they are of the same kind as the Heaven Earth Killing Method. The Demons and Demons are afraid that if they were to land in the hands of a human Ranker, it would cause them great harm, so they came to take the blade away and seal it." Ji Meixian hurriedly explained, and then urged again: "Let him quickly hide!"

Long Xueyi immediately told Chen Xiang.

"Damn it, the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword is actually connected to the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, this is going to be troublesome!" Chen Xiang paced back and forth inside the cave. "It’s not good to be related to anyone, yet I have to get entangled with the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord. This is going to be troublesome ..."

Because of the appearance of the Heaven Earth Killing Method, Pill City had gathered a large number of experts from ancient powers. This time, it was even more shocking than last time.

"little maid, you should spread the news about the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. It would be best for you to let the people of the three realms know of it, and the more people there are, the more chaotic it will be. I can then take advantage of the chaos and tell them about the affairs of the Super Old Sacred Land. Chen Xiang suddenly thought of an idea: "The best would be for them to know that my Green dragon demon-slain broadsword is related to the Super Old Sacred Land."

Back then when Chen Xiang obtained the divine blade, he had a conflict with the Beast Martial School. This matter could be investigated, so it couldn’t be said that the Super Old Sacred Land found it.

"Humph!" Ji Meixian was extremely unaccustomed to being addressed as little maid, "How are you going to make them believe that the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword is related to the Super Old Sacred Land? How are they supposed to believe in the existence of the Super Old Sacred Land?"

"Don’t worry, if the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword’s matter is confirmed, many people will believe these rumors. At that time, I will guide them into the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea and look for the Super Old Sacred Land. You can spread the news regarding the Super Old Sacred Land after the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s have been spread. " Chen Xiang had already planned to make the Super Old Sacred Land lively, but he could not let Lan Cang know about this.

In the depths of Super Old Sacred Land, there were many dangers. Lan Cang had said before, that even if he wasn’t sealed, he wouldn’t dare to casually enter it. Even the old fellow who sealed him hadn’t come out yet.

Chen Xiang planned to bring this group of people, who had ideas against him, to the Super Old Sacred Land. He started to lay down some things specifically to lure the rankers from the ancient powers.

After more than two hours, he took out his Luotian Gate and headed towards the city near the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea.

"The plan to defraud the Relive Dan has been temporarily stopped. In the future, there will be more forces to be swindled by me and it will even be a higher bounty." Chen Xiang chuckled, took out the Luotian Gate and opened a spatial door, coming to a city near the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea.

If the news of him possessing a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword were to spread, his bounty would be even higher!

He had only walked for four hours when a large group of people arrived, covering the sky and covering the earth like a swarm of locusts. Not only the people from the ancient powers, many of the people from the Pill City had come to watch the commotion.

When this group of people arrived, the mountain forest had turned into something like a chicken whose feathers had just been plucked off. The originally lush and verdant mountain forest had now turned into a wasteland.

Putting them together, it could be seen that it was a map and a piece of paper that depicted ancient Spirit grain s. However, because the depiction was a bit rough, it was torn, but it was not difficult to tell that the depiction on the map was Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea.

"The Super Old Sacred Land was the center of the Tenth Heaven all those years ago. These Spirit grain look to be much older than ours, could it be that the Spirit grain is from his blade? " An old man said as he frowned. He was a Spirit grain Grandmaster from an ancient faction.

"Eh? These did not seem to be Spirit grain s, but spirit characters! the fusion of a Spirit grain and a word, this... " The Spirit grain Grandmaster’s old eyes stared wide, his hands trembling around the piece of paper that had been pieced together. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Elder Huo, what kind of information does these Spirit grain contain?" A middle-aged man hastily asked. At this moment, many experts gathered around this old man, waiting for his answer.

"This is indeed a Spirit Character, it is a special kind of Spirit grain that can produce a strong power. At the same time, it can record things. It’s very likely to be a message from the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, the words are from the time of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord. " Elder Huo looked carefully.

These words were indeed called the "Spirit Character". Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue had cracked it from the Spirit grain’s array formation that day, and the array indicated that there was something hidden in the center of the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea.

What Chen Xiang left behind was only pointing to the center of the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea, it did not contain the details inside the Super Old Sacred Land, but it was enough to make these old fellows suspicious.

Ji Meixian had also followed along, she was the one who had secretly leaked the news, the ancient powers initially wanted to keep the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword matter a secret, and only they could keep it a secret, but now, the entire Pill City knew about it, and it wouldn’t be long before the news regarding the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword would spread throughout this new world.

"I once investigated some of Chen Xiang’s matters and he had once gone to the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea. At that time, he even obtained a spatial origin orb and I remember Dongfang Xinyue and Liu Meng’er following him. At that time, Dongfang Xinyue was heavily injured and he even gave Dongfang Xinyue a Eternal Dan." An old man said. This man was Dongfang Lingyun, the one who caused him to lose his reputation the other day.

"I have been to this Super Old Sacred Land once, but there is only a forest in the middle, could it be that there is a hidden profound Realm?" A person said.

The center of Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea was the Super Old Sacred Land. It was said that it was like this, but no one knew the exact details.

Ji Meixian sighed in her heart, she knew that of the many experts here, more than half would die once they entered the mysterious Super Old Sacred Land, especially when they just entered, that Lan Cang would probably kill a large group of them.

She had sensed the strength of the blue dragon with her spiritual sense earlier. It was indeed a terrifying dragon that had its strength sealed.