Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Before, there weren’t many people who knew of Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, so Chen Xiang had always been using it without restraint.

When Chen Xiang went to the city outside of Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea, he found the businesses of White Sea Imperial Land and Feng Clan. Their businesses here was mainly to collect the materials from precious demon beasts or to refine and arrange formations.

Once he arrived here, he would plunder all of White Sea Imperial Land’s and Feng Clan’s stores, letting this matter spread. After that, along with Ji Meixian spreading some rumors, those old fellows would definitely think that he was going to Super Old Sacred Land.

With that group of old people from the ancient powers, it would not be difficult for them to open a spatial gate in the middle of the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea.

"Brother Lan, I believe you have already merged with the Thunder soul, unsealed it, and recovered your strength! I’ll send some people in to help you train. " Chen Xiang laughed.

The commotion that Chen Xiang caused in the city was not small. Both the White Sea Imperial Land and the Feng Clan were extremely famous forces, yet Chen Xiang still did not let them off even after killing their heavenly daughter and son.

However, in the eyes of those old fellows, it was different. The things that Chen Xiang had snatched away were all related to setting up a formation.

The experts of the ancient powers were still gathered in Dan City, they did not head to Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea, they still had to confirm some things. Luckily, the ancient forces of Continent of the King, the human royal family was here!

At this time, Ji Meixian spread a rumor that the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea was a weak point in space that allowed him to enter a mysterious holy realm, and that there was a powerful blue dragon guarding that place. Chen Xiang had gone there many times before, but he had always returned with heavy injuries ...

The rumors she released were half true and half false, causing people to be skeptical. On the other hand, the experts from the ancient powers were all waiting for the Human Royal Family to respond. If the Super Old Sacred Land really did exist, they would definitely investigate to the very end.

At first, the human royal family denied it, but later on they were worried that those old fellows would go and investigate, so they changed their words and admitted that the center of the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea was indeed a weak point in space. From there, they could easily open a crack in space and enter the mysterious Super Old Sacred Land.

As for what was inside the Super Old Sacred Land, even the Human Royal Family did not know. They admitted it, because they wanted to tell those strong warriors that it was a fearsome place, and entering the depths of the Super Old Sacred Land was a place where there was a high chance of death. Since ancient times, there have been many extraordinary experts that entered, but they have never come out.

However, the more it was like this, the more curious those old fellows were. Especially those from ancient powers like them. Super Old Sacred Land was once the center of the Tenth Heaven in a mysterious place. During the Primordial Era, the Tenth Heaven separated from the rest of the world for some reason.

As Chen Xiang hid within the city, he felt waves and waves of people using the powerful Ancient Transmission array to travel in one direction to arrive in this city.

Since he had already achieved his goal, he did not dare to stay in this city for too long and quietly left. If these ancient factions were to use some sort of deduction technique to figure out where he was, then he would be in trouble.

Deep into the night, although it was raining in Pill City, the streets were still bustling with noise and excitement. Chen Xiang quickly returned after tricking the old fellow who was gathered here into entering the Super Old Sacred Land.

Ji Meixian was originally resting, but then she suddenly sensed that Chen Xiang had appeared in the city, and was heading straight for her, so she immediately tidied up and waited for her master.

Chen Xiang turned into a black butterfly, flew in from the window, and then changed back into human form. This scene caused Ji Meixian to be secretly shocked, she now understood why Chen Xiang was always so elusive, this ability was truly brilliant, she suddenly thought of something.

"Transformation Techniques, this is one of the sacred arts of the Imperial Dragon Race, you actually know it!" Ji Meixian suddenly thought of something extremely terrifying, it was something related to the divine way.

Only those who could cultivate Fa Li would be able to use the Art of Change. She had heard of this before in the Imperial Feather Race.

"My beautiful little maid, you have to call me master!" Chen Xiang laughed.

Ji Meixian was very unhappy. No matter what, she was still’s and Su Meiyao’s senior, but now, she was bullied to this extent by a little kid.

"Yes, master!" Ji Meixian was extremely cooperative, as she had already established a slave contract with Chen Xiang.

"This is not a good place to talk, let’s go!" Chen Xiang brought Ji Meixian and left Pill City in the dark night, arriving at a large mountain several hundred kilometers away from the city.

"Originally, I planned on swindling the Relive Dan of Feng Clan and the White Sea Imperial Land, but with the current situation, I am afraid it will be difficult to obtain them. Once they know where I am, those immortals must definitely help me!" Chen Xiang said.

"Of course, there are ten Great Nirvana stage cultivators hidden in the White Sea Imperial Land. When they become immortals, there will be two of them who will go to the Super Old Sacred Land." Ji Meixian nodded: "It’s best if you hide for a while."

Chen Xiang rubbed his chin. If he wanted to hide, no one would be able to find him. Even if they knew where he was hiding, no one would dare to go look for him.

He had never been afraid of being hunted by the experts from the ancient powers, he just wanted to increase his strength as soon as possible and collect all the Heaven Earth Killing Method s first. Right now, he had only learned a little of the Ground killing, but he had benefited greatly from it.

"Tell me about the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord and the Heaven Earth Killing Method. Chen Xiang wanted to get to know him better before heading to Emperor’s Tomb.

"Back then, when I was in Heaven Realm, there were many of them. However, White Sea Imperial Land was an ancient power and now I am certain that this was the Tenth Heavenly Layer. It stood above the Ninth Heaven. The Tenth Heaven is also known as Di Tian and the Continent of the King is the center of the Di Tian. The Super Old Sacred Land should be the place where the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord lived back then. "

As Chen Xiang listened, he thought about it. When he was in Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, the place where he was buried was actually very far away in Rough and Random profound Land.

"I feel that the Super Old Sacred Land should be connected to the Rough and Random profound Land, but it’s very big inside." Ji Meixian continued to speak, "How Ten Heavens Supreme Lord died and what happened to cause Di Tian to shatter was not recorded. There was once a big Duan Kong Bai in history." Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"The heavenly daughter’s meaning is that she has a chance of becoming the new ruler of the Di Tian. However, from the looks of it, the masters of this great Emperor will not be them from now on. They won’t even have anything from the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, but master you ..." But there are two. "

Ji Meixian was indeed a dragon among men. She suddenly thought of the possibility of Chen Xiang becoming the new master of the heavens, ruling over the Nine Heavens and Ten Earth, and inheriting the inheritance of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord.