Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Duan Sanchang took a glance at Chen Xiang, and did not recognize that the middle-aged man in front of him was Chen Xiang. He nodded: "These guys have never felt that their fart was stinky, and even smelled good from it. If you were to say that their fart was stinky, they would definitely fight you to the death."

Chen Xiang laughed, "You’re right. Brother Duan, how about this, leave this Flying Immortal School to me! I’ve always loved to teach these guys a lesson in my life. Don’t worry, I won’t kill them.

"Brother, please do as you please. You can just casually beat up this kind of farting spirit. But you have to be careful, those old farting spirits will definitely come out." Duan Sanchang laughed.

"That’s for the best. I’ll beat it up together."

The faces of the Flying Immortal School and the two handsome senior disciples of the Qian Xuan Sect were gloomy. Clenching their fists tightly, they could not help but want to smash the mouths of Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang.

"Hey, what’s your name? My fist doesn’t hit nameless people." Chen Xiang slowly rolled up his sleeves. He looked like a pig slaughtering elder, preparing to kill the pig.

Even the head disciple of the Flying Immortal School had never heard of him, but this man was way too inexperienced, causing people to think that he was just pretending.

Chen Xiang had indeed never heard of the person’s name before. He walked towards the city gate.

"Hmph, as expected of a country bumpkin with too little knowledge. You’ll know the consequences of talking too much later!" My name is Hua Xiongshao, so you must remember my name so that you can complain in front of the King of Hell. " Hua Xiabao’s voice was cold and chilling, and his bone-piercing killing intent sent shivers down the spines of those who heard it.

Duan Sanchang stood at the city gate, taking the chance to attack. The middle-aged man in front of him did not have a very powerful Qi, he could not watch such a person die.

After exiting the city gates, Chen Xiang laughed, "You’re Hua Xiabao, right?!"

"That’s right. Did you remember that?" He had just finished speaking.

Chen Xiang suddenly disappeared and reappeared in front of Hua Xiong Shao. That extremely terrifying speed caused everyone to feel chills run through their bodies. Chen Xiang swung his fist up and down, striking Hua XiongShao’s chin. The moment it collided with him, it suddenly exploded with a burst of piercing lightning light, and dozens of purple electric snakes shot out from Chen Xiang’s fist. It was as if they were thunder gods that controlled thunder and lightning, possessing the supreme Thunder power!

After the lightning disappeared, the rumbling thunder spread in all directions and vibrated towards the distance!

In that very short period of time, as if he had been struck by lightning, Hua Xiabao’s jaw was struck, and all the teeth in his mouth and chin had shattered. His handsome face was also charred black by the terrifying Thunder power!

Hua Xiong Shao covered his mouth as tears fell from his eyes. He never thought that Chen Xiang would be so insidious, to actually make a move, but even if he was prepared, he still could not dodge. Even more so, he never expected that this middle-aged uncle’s attack would be so ruthless.

"Your name is really hard to remember. I just forgot. What’s your name?" Chen Xiang had an apologetic look on his face on purpose as he said sincerely: "I don’t know if I can trouble you to tell me again!"

Everyone secretly looked down on him. He had smashed the other party’s mouth, yet he still wanted others to speak. He was clearly doing this on purpose.

"If you don’t want to say it, then forget it. Although my fist does not hit nameless people, my foot does." Chen Xiang’s body moved as fast as lightning and with a whoosh, he appeared even stronger than Hua Xiong Shao. He kicked at Hua Xiong Shao’s abdomen, causing him to scream miserably as he spat out a mouthful of blood.

Duan Sanchang heaved a sigh of relief, the middle-aged uncle didn’t need him to worry, he was secretly surprised at the means of the middle-aged uncle in front of him. In a battle between experts, as long as he lost half a move, he could be defeated.

However, Chen Xiang had been caught off-guard from the start, and his speed and strength were both extremely terrifying. Hua XiongShao had looked down upon Chen Xiang from the start with a casual attitude, which was why he was taken advantage of by Chen Xiang earlier, and got beaten up by him with a single punch, causing his eyes to shine, and his jaw to shatter.

Chen Xiang had a lot of battle experience, all of them were developed by him at Huang Jintian’s place. When he was sparring with Huang Jintian, in order to win against him, he used up a lot of effort.

"Oh? Are you pretending to be the head disciple of the Flying Immortal School to commit evil? How could he be so weak? You must not have used your full strength! " Chen Xiang punched towards Hua Xiong Shao’s face again, and another bolt of lightning shot out. Hua Xiong Shao was sent flying on the spot.

"Hey, use all your strength, fake!" Chen Xiang shouted very seriously.

He had already heavily injured her, yet he was still shouting for her to use her full strength!

Seeing how strong Chen Xiang was, the head disciple of the Qian Xuan Sect quietly squeezed into the crowd and went into the Green Summit City to look for help.

The head disciple of the Flying Immortal School, was really not weak at all. Otherwise, he would not have been able to chase Duan Sanchang so far.

"Stop. Brother, I believe that you are also someone from the older generation. How could you bully someone from the younger generation? Don’t you feel ashamed?"

An old man suddenly appeared. He was dressed in white, his hair was white, and his face was cold.

"I am an elder of the Flying Immortal School. As a senior, you have injured a disciple of my Flying Immortal School. I will not let you leave so easily today." ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang said innocently: "I am not from the older generation, and I did not intentionally injure him. He is so weak, how could he be the head disciple of your Flying Immortal School? I only started to teach him a lesson when I saw him pretending to be the head disciple of the Flying Immortal School. "

"You don’t need to flowery words, he’s actually the head disciple of our Flying Immortal School! If you are not a senior figure, how could you possibly injure him? Come with me back to Flying Immortal School to receive your punishment. " The old man said gloomily.

Duan Sanchang sneered: "Old Turtle, do you recognize me? The head disciples of the Qian Xuan Sect and the Flying Immortal School wanted to snatch my things, what do you mean by that? "

"The Duan Clan that stole the tomb are all villains, and it is only natural to kill them. Our Flying Immortal School would never do anything like robbing them, so don’t spout nonsense." The old man looked at Duan Sanchang coldly.

Duan Sanchang roared: Old Turtle Qiu Bin, your Flying Immortal School is also not a good person, remember this, I can’t beat you, but I swear, I will definitely dig out all of your Flying Immortal School’s ancestral graves, he!

The old man’s name was Qiu Bin, he was an elder of the Flying Immortal School, and Duan Sanchang had a grudge with this old fellow a long time ago.

"Brother Duan, don’t be angry. These farting elites have always been like this. Today, I’ll definitely smash their stinky mouths to pieces." Chen Xiang’s voice became gloomy and cold.

The elders of the Flying Immortal School were not weak. was confident that he would be able to defeat them after facing the Sixth Nirvana Tribulation, but it would be a bit more difficult.