Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Since you want to resist, then die." Qiu Bin said indifferently, he raised his sword and slashed towards Chen Xiang, the sword spreading out in all directions, with killing intent enveloping everyone.

Chen Xiang retreated a few steps, dodging the terrifying Sword Qi, but the old man’s movements were extremely powerful, like a flying immortal, he surrounded him tightly, the sword pierced through the heavens, the Spirit Qi around the ground was like a tornado.

"This sword is not bad, but what a pity." Chen Xiang’s face revealed a smile, Qiu Bin had already thrusted his sword at Chen Xiang, the Sword Qi was astonishing, but at the same time, it flashed with a green light.

"Ding!"

A crisp sound rang out, Qiu Bin’s good treasure sword actually broke, the cut was extremely smooth, and actually was sliced into two!

A domineering green broadsword appeared in Chen Xiang’s hands, the green dragon carvings on it were vivid and lifelike, the imposing manner was strong, this was the godly weapon used by the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord to fight against the nine heavens and ten earth, the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword!

The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was a divine weapon used by the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, so news of this had already spread far and wide. At this time, many people were gathered in the cities near the Bloody Thunder Mountain Sea, preparing to attack the Super Old Sacred Land, look for Chen Xiang, and snatch the divine blade.

But now that divine blade had appeared in the hands of a middle-aged uncle, everyone quickly thought of one possibility, and that was that the middle-aged uncle in front of them, was Chen Xiang!

Duan Sanchang smiled, no wonder he felt that this middle-aged uncle was a little familiar, so it was Chen Xiang.

"You are Chen Xiang?" Although Qiu Bin had his sword broken, he was not angry at all. On the contrary, he was overjoyed. His old eyes were burning with greed, because he already had a chance to obtain the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword.

"As expected of a divine blade. A mortal sword is just like a blade of grass before this blade."

"A divine blade that can cut through metal like mud, even immortal equipment can be easily cut apart!"

"Isn’t that group of deities from the mortal realm currently in Super Old Sacred Land? But Chen Xiang ran over here, looks like that group of people were deceived by Chen Xiang, haha ... "

"I heard that a large group of old fellows were heavily injured, and some of them even lost their cultivation. Those immortals should have probably entered the Super Old Sacred Land by now, so there’s a chance that some of them might have perished."

"What a terrifying brat! He actually tricked a group of immortals!"

Chen Xiang wiped his face, revealing his original appearance, and sneered: "I already said that I am not a senior figure, and now, a senior figure like you is bullying me, a junior, you truly do not know shame!"

"I am only seeking justice for the head disciple of my Flying Immortal School." While Qiu Bin was speaking, he would occasionally look at the divine blade that was surrounded by green Qi, and the more he looked, the more attractive he would become, wishing that he could immediately take it away.

Seeing the greed on Qiu Bin’s face, he immediately laughed: "Old dog, I think you are trying to steal my divine blade right?"

"Humph, this kind of Divine Weapon cannot display its power in your hands, this level of Divine Weapon is used to slay demons and exterminate devils, my Flying Immortal School did a great job while slaying demons, you should just leave it to us." Qiu Bin’s words, made everyone understand what was shameless.

"Bullshit, you guys ran furthest away from Great War between Three Realms." Duan Sanchang sneered.

"If you want it, take it." Chen Xiang used his strength and threw the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword brought a green light tail with it and flew far away.

Seeing that, Qiu Bin was startled, then he flew up and chased after the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, this scene made many people stunned!

Many people could not believe that Chen Xiang had actually handed over the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. Many people had the thought of flying out and snatching it, but they were all weaker than Qiu Bin.

"Chen Xiang, you ..." Seeing the smile on Chen Xiang’s face, Duan Sanchang did not ask further.

Not long later, Qiu Bin returned. He looked at Chen Xiang with anger: "Where’s the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword?"

Chen Xiang raised his hand, and a green light shot out from his hand. The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was actually still in his hand.

"Hehe, before, when I threw things out, he would always chase after me. When I saw you, I suddenly really missed my dog." Chen Xiang laughed, causing everyone to laugh.

Qiu Bin was so angry that his face flushed red. He roared angrily and struck towards Chen Xiang with his palm, like a giant axe splitting open the mountain, he slashed on Chen Xiang’s shoulder and the berserk Innate Qi that was unleashed caused the ground to crack and crack.

But what was surprising was that after Chen Xiang was struck by that terrifying palm strike, he stood there like a statue, completely unharmed. Chen Xiang’s large success of his Immortal Devil Body had made his body like a celestial item, let alone the fact that he possessed a profoundwu diamond armour. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Humph!" Chen Xiang waved the divine blade in his hand, and the Dragon Power became like a large river as it surged out and poured into the divine blade! The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword immediately glowed with azure light. The saber Qi was like a dragon, and the saber Qi gushed out like the roar of ten thousand dragons. The momentum was so great that it caused people’s hearts to tremble.

The blade edge seemed to have a strange energy as it locked onto Qiu Bin. Even though he had flashed several meters away, Chen Xiang still followed him.

As the blade cut down, one of Qiu Bin’s arm was chopped off at the shoulder. It was crushed into powder under the strong pressure released by the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword!

Chen Xiang kicked towards Qiu Bin’s chest, sending him flying. Then, he quickly followed suit and chopped down with his blade at an oblique angle, aiming for Qiu Bin’s neck.

Fresh blood flew everywhere, the head landed on the ground, Chen Xiang kept his Divine Blade and rushed to Rough and Random profound Land’s direction. He did not even turn his head back, leaving behind the rest of the people who were stunned.

"This... It’s dead, this is a senior level expert, but he was actually chopped to death by Chen Xiang in two or three moves! "

"The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword is indeed powerful, but Chen Xiang is also very strong. Just now, Qiu Bin had heavily struck his palm, but he was not injured at all.

"He is going to the Rough and Random profound Land, he has the divine weapon of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, he might be able to open the Emperor’s Tomb!"

"He intentionally lured the experts of the ancient powers into the Super Old Sacred Land, then he came here and entered the Rough and Random profound Land, all for the sake of preventing others from preventing him from entering the Emperor’s Tomb. What a clever move!"

Duan Sanchang originally wanted to remind Chen Xiang a few times, but once Chen Xiang ran away, he disappeared and he had to quickly hide himself as well.

Chen Xiang entering the Rough and Random profound Land was just an illusion, he had merely wandered around outside for a bit, and then returned to the Green Summit City, but this time he appeared as Li Renshan.

The Green Summit City had elders from the Flying Immortal School, so there must be assets of the Flying Immortal School here. He and the Flying Immortal School had formed an alliance, and if he did not do it soon, he would make the Flying Immortal School suffer, and at the same time, cause an even bigger commotion, and lure the immortals over to the Rough and Random profound Land.

There was also a medicine shop here. Chen Xiang asked around and found out that there was a very dark medicine shop here, where Destiny box s were also selling things here.

The background of this medicine store was very big, it was said to be related to the Flying Immortal School.