Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

He was extremely jealous of Chen Xiang’s alchemy skills, so he definitely would not send his head up. Moreover, he also wanted to capture Chen Xiang and hand him over to Flying Immortal School to claim the credit.

"You cheated, and you even insulted me! Watch this!" Pu Kangxin was not weak either, but in order to avoid any mishaps, Lu Guangming and Lu Guangqing, father and son, also made their moves.

However, just as they were about to move their feet, they found that their feet were entangled by something. They immediately looked down and saw several water dragons tightly entangling their feet.

"Dirty dog, I’ve bitten your head. Ling Xian Shop’s black shop will disappear forever from today onwards. Those who don’t want to die must quickly leave." Chen Xiang’s voice was cold, anger and killing intent surged out at the same time, filling the hall of Ling Xian Shop, all the staff there were so scared their legs were trembling, and they anxiously ran out.

The people outside were even more shocked, this seemingly harmless youth, actually had such a strong killing intent right now. Everyone could not help but suspect if it was because he was cultivating in the Heaven Earth Killing Method.

"Look, that’s the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword!" One of them suddenly cried out, his voice was full of shock.

No need for him to shout, anyone outside the door would be able to see that a large green blade had appeared in Chen Xiang’s hand. The blade had a green dragon sculpture and a light mist was condensing into several small dragons that were circling around the blade.

Chen Xiang revealed his true appearance, and upon seeing him, everyone was scared stiff. The Li Renshan who obtained the Heaven Earth Killing Method, was actually Chen Xiang!

He already had a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and now he had a Heaven Earth Killing Method. How terrifying was this?

"Shen ... Chen Xiang! " Pu Kangxin’s face was filled with shock.

"You shameless old dog, you can die now!" Chen Xiang chopped Pu Kangxin’s head off horizontally with his blade, causing blood to flow all over the floor.

Everyone’s eyes turned round!

"He is the disciple of the Dan Alliance’s Alliance Master, and he was killed just like that?"

"The Dan Alliance is about to go berserk, the Alliance Master is not a pushover!"

"This brat has been expelled from Super Martial School, he is already lawless!"

Lu Gong Qing, Lu Guang and the father and son were struggling. Their entire bodies were covered in blood, and their faces had a lot of blood on them, making them extremely terrified, because Chen Xiang looked at them with eyes filled with killing intent.

"We’re the Flying Immortals ...."

Chen Xiang did not wait for him to finish speaking. With a wave of his big blade, two heads rolled down.

"I have already killed one of the clan elders of Flying Immortal School. I am not afraid of killing all of you!" Chen Xiang sneered, just now, these two people actually wanted to capture him. Although his strength was not ordinary, after being struck by Chen Xiang’s Hail magic wind and entangled by the water dragon inside their bodies, they could not move at all.

"Chang Zi, come in quickly and copy this place down with me." Chen Xiang shouted.

Although Duan Sanchang was a little apprehensive, he still walked in with a smile on his face. He liked to do this kind of thing the most.

Everyone scolded the two of them in their hearts. They knew that Duan Sanchang had lost very badly in Pill City, but they never thought that the two of them were actually in the same group. Duan Sanchang had purposely pushed a large group of idiots into the gambling house, causing them to lose all their money.

"Brother Shen, hurry up and run." Duan Sanchang said, the Ling Xian Shop had already been shot, and Chen Xiang had even set a fire. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Run? "How can I do that? I’m a nobody right now, how can I not enjoy myself?" Chen Xiang laughed out loud. A flame came out from his back, releasing the Suzaku fire wing, he spread his wings and flew high into the sky.

In a large plaza of the Green Summit City, it was filled with Ancient Transmission array, all constructed by the great powers. Chen Xiang stood on top of a tower at the side of the plaza.

"What is he doing? Could it be that he wanted to destroy the Transmission array? Destroying the Transmission array is something that the heavens cannot tolerate, if someone just so happens to teleport here, wouldn’t that mean ... "

"Right now, there are many ancient powers rushing over. Could it be that he wants to take this opportunity to destroy all of those antiques?"

"This is too crazy, could it be that this brat wants to become enemies with the entire world?"

"There’s nothing we can do, he has the Heaven Earth Killing Method and the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, even if he doesn’t make enemies with others, other people will chase after him all over the world. In any case, the consequences are the same, why not let me have it!"

A Transmission array suddenly lit up, Chen Xiang immediately brandished his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and released a green Qi, instantly destroying the Transmission array. A few elders suddenly fell out of the sky, their bodies were all cracked and dripping with blood, falling heavily onto the ground, as they vomited large mouthfuls of blood.

When everyone saw this scene, their scalps tingled. If there was a problem with the Transmission array during teleportation, it would cause space to collapse and the spatial energy would tear everything apart. It was already good enough for these old fellows to be able to vomit blood.

The current Transmission array was an Ancient Transmission array, and the spatial energy it generated was extremely strong. If the Transmission array was affected, the power could be imagined!

Another Transmission array flashed, Chen Xiang slashed out again, causing a few broken corpses to fall from the sky, causing everyone to break out in cold sweat. Even if it was for free, they would not use this Ancient Transmission array since killing them would be too dangerous!

Chen Xiang’s blade was completely destroyed, and many people were able to escape from the space that had collapsed, but they were all severely injured, and most of these people were immortals!

"Little bastard, I won’t forgive you!" An old man roared. He had escaped from the collapsed space, and after hearing the people around the plaza discuss this, he immediately understood what had happened. He immediately swallowed a precious pill to recover some of his strength.

"This is what happens when we snatch away the divine blade and Heaven Earth Killing Method!" Chen Xiang sneered, jumped up into the sky, dove down, and smashed down with his palm towards the plaza. A green gigantic palm suddenly smashed down, like a mountain, smashing through the Transmission array and the entire plaza!

"You traitors are not worthy to enter the Emperor’s Tomb!"

After Chen Xiang destroyed the Transmission array, he threw down those words and flew towards the Rough and Random profound Land.

Less than an hour after Chen Xiang left, a few elderly people appeared in the sky above the Green Summit City. They all came here using a one-way Transmission array, and the cost of coming here was extremely high, because they knew that something had happened.

Li Renshan was Chen Xiang, and Chen Xiang was Li Renshan! This news set off a huge uproar in Pill City. The people who lost really badly at that time were all cursing Chen Xiang and Duan Sanchang in their hearts.

Now, the various ancient powers all knew that Chen Xiang was not to be trifled with. To be able to master a high level alchemy and a few precious medicine, at the same time, possess Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, and also have Heaven Earth Killing Method in his hands, once he grows up in the future, he would definitely become a great disaster!

If it was before, they could perhaps go to Super Martial School to get, but Super Martial School had already expelled Chen Xiang, they could not threaten Chen Xiang at all!

Everyone now understood that Huang Jintian’s scheme was to make Chen Xiang do crazy things without any hesitation.

Right now, everyone only knew that Chen Xiang had entered the Rough and Random profound Land, and that the immortals were even considering whether or not they should enter to look for Chen Xiang. They knew that Chen Xiang had the Heaven Earth Killing Method and the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, if they could enter the Emperor’s Tomb and obtain the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s inheritance, then the ancient powers who had betrayed the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord in the past would really suffer!