Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had originally planned to activate the mechanism of the Lion Mountain and let the Lion Mountain teleport away. This way, he would be able to temporarily free himself from the powerful heavenly women.

He did not expect that these people would arrive so quickly, but he was not worried, the array had already been activated, and the Lion Mountain had moved to the center of the countless Lion Mountain, they were trapped to death here, and only he knew how to get out.

The Ground killing did indeed contain many things, and this was something that Chen Xiang had comprehended bit by bit after he had entered. Right now, he could feel that this Lion Mountain was filled with a type of spatial energy, capable of exchanging places with other Lion Mountain.

When she saw that there were countless Lion Mountain s all around her, her expression became extremely ugly. She had a greater understanding of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord than Ji Meixian, and knew very well how dangerous it was to be trapped here.

At this moment, the two golden-armored men flew into the skies, their faces the same as the blue-robed woman’s.

My life is cheap, so dying here is fine, but you guys are different. In the huge Heaven Realm, there are young elites here, and they are the favored ones of the heavens. If you guys were to live in this kind of damned place, then it would truly be a pity. Chen Xiang said calmly.

Previous Chapter Next Chapter "Boom!" A deafening sound suddenly rang out from high up in the sky as a tyrannical aura enveloped the area. A golden light suddenly slid down and struck a golden-armored man.

Bang!

The golden-armored man’s body suddenly exploded into a cloud of smoke.

The blue dressed lady was shocked, she anxiously brought Chen Xiang to the ground.

"Brother!" At the same time, a golden light flashed, and the man immediately fell to the ground, avoiding that terrifying golden light.

Now they all knew that it was impossible to fly out. As long as there was someone in the air, a mysterious force would appear!

Chen Xiang secretly laughed in his heart, he did not expect one to die so quickly, but he was still respectful to that kind of power. Everything here was set up by the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord before he died, even the experts from the Heaven Realm were not able to resist it, and they all turned into ashes in an instant.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s calm appearance, she knew that Chen Xiang was planning to play the Great Sky Woman and the Great Sky Son to death.

"Brat, quickly get me out of here, or else I’ll make you want to die." The voice of the woman in the blue dress was very vicious.

"Zhao Yiprofound, what do you mean? Just take you out? " The handsome face of the golden-armored man was filled with gloom and rage.

"Feng Ziprofound, do you want to fight me? Chen Xiang was the first one I caught, so of course he’s mine! " Zhao Yiprofound took out a sword.

How could he possibly belong to this woman?

"Hey, if the power of the attack is too strong, we will all die. This is the Emperor’s Tomb, you have to stay quiet." Chen Xiang said, what he said was the truth, if the two of them were to fight, it would definitely cause his death. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Zhao Yiprofound raged, and pointed the sword straight at Chen Xiang’s throat: "It’s all because of you, you little bastard, causing me to fall into Emperor’s Tomb. If you can’t bring me out, I will definitely let you live a life worse than death."

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "Damn bitch, do you really think I’m afraid of you? This is the first time I’ve seen you and you want to catch me? If you didn’t want to capture me, would I have had to take such a risk? This is all your fault. "

"What?" What did you just curse at me about? " Zhao Yiprofound slightly bullied her chest, this was the first time someone had scolded her like this.

"Damned bitch!" Chen Xiang shouted.

"You bunch of bastards, why are you snatching my Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and Heaven Earth Killing Method, these are all things I have, you only know how to plunder, don’t tell me that you created this, it’s bullshit! These are all things that belong to the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, and your ancestors were all traitors that betrayed the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord. I have obtained these things by fate, so I will definitely help the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord eliminate the remnants of you traitors! " Chen Xiang’s every word was like a blade, his voice was like thunder, his body releasing traces of black Qi, which could clearly be seen killing intent.

He released all the killing intent from his body, venting his hatred towards the ancient powers. Previously, even if the people here did not know that he was a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, they would still want to snatch his blade.

"Stop!" Zhao Yiprofound was furious, but he did not dare make a move against Chen Xiang, because she was currently feeling a wave of anger that overflowed to the heavens, and that aura could not help but cause her knees to bend, and she abruptly knelt down.

Feng Ziprofound was the same as Zhao Yiprofound, kneeling down on the ground unknowingly. That peerlessly powerful aura made people kneel down and acknowledge him as their master. (TL: UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU))

At this time, Chen Xiang could only feel that the Slaughter God’s Hand on his hands were trembling. The aura was being released from the White Tiger Gloves, not the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s aura.

He suddenly had a faint feeling about the relationship between the Four Symbols Divine Weapons and himself.

Originally, he wanted to take out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s and kill the two people in front of him, but as the imposing Qi dissipated, Zhao Yiprofound and Feng Ziprofound stood up with faces full of anger.

"Don’t even think about making a move on me. As long as I die, you all will definitely not be able to live! As you all have seen just now, the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s remnant souls are here. The only reason I didn’t kill you all was because I wanted to leave as well.

Although Chen Xiang lied all over, looking at his current expression, it was as if he was speaking the truth. Just now, both Zhao Yiprofound and Feng Ziprofound had felt that kind of terrifying power, and it made them feel that they were not even comparable to ants.

Especially that kind of terrifying killing intent, it made them completely certain that that was the aura of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord.

"A mere mortal wants to negotiate with me? "Wishful thinking!" Zhao Yiprofound shouted coldly.

"You’re too high up, you don’t eat the fire and smoke of the mortal world. Then, you can go out by yourself."

What little mortal? When he was in Sacred Dan Realm, the dragon he killed was definitely stronger than Zhao Yiprofound, and he already had two ways to kill Zhao Yiprofound and Feng Ziprofound, but he planned to use these two methods to help him explore the Emperor’s Tomb. It wouldn’t be too late to kill it after it had lost its value.

"You want my Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and Heaven Earth Killing Method, but I can tell you the truth, the Heaven Earth Killing Method has already fused into my brain, the stone tablet is gone! If I had died, the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword would have been free to choose whether to follow me and dissipate, or search for its master. However, based on the current situation, the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword would definitely not follow the descendants of traitors like you. "

The Heaven Earth Killing Method was recorded on a stone tablet, but no one had been able to decipher the contents within the stone tablet for many years. Later on, everyone realized that as long as they had enough killing intent, they could make the stone tablet recognize them as its owner and the Heaven Earth Killing Method would enter into their own minds.

Just a moment ago, Zhao Yiprofound and Feng Ziprofound had seen Chen Xiang’s terrifying killing intent, and now, they did not doubt Chen Xiang’s words at all. Otherwise, Chen Xiang would not have known about the mechanisms within the Lion Mountain.