Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Zhao Yiprofound and Feng Ziprofound were extremely unreconciled in their hearts. They had gone all out, and had suffered numerous casualties in the past few days, but in the end, they were unable to obtain the two things that they wanted to snatch. Even if they caught Chen Xiang, they would not be able to get anything.

Green dragon demon-slain broadsword were called Divine Weapons, they were not refined by the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, they were extremely powerful, if not for the fact that they were selected by the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, it would not be easy to control them, and they might even die from the backlash.

"Hmph, don’t blame me. From start to finish, it’s your own fault. You’re greedy, shameless, despicable, like bandits, but now, you know that the things you want to take will absolutely not be with you." Chen Xiang laughed out loud.

Chen Xiang had known about this from the beginning, but he did not say anything. Letting those ancient powers continue to target him, this way, it would be perfectly justifiable for him to counterattack. Moreover, it would cause the ancient powers’ reputation to turn bad, and now, those ancient powers were all linked to the Devil Realm s by many people.

In the end, everything came to naught, and he was even scratched all over. That was why Chen Xiang was smiling so happily.

"Once we leave this place, everything will be over!" Feng Ziprofound’s face was full of hatred, wishing that he could kill Chen Xiang right now.

Chen Xiang laughed: "Will it really end? If Di Tian was reborn, would the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord be reborn? You traitors, can you escape? "

Feng Ziprofound’s heart trembled, and said coldly: "As long as we kill you, the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s inheritance will stop, and in the future, there will be no more people like the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord that will appear."

Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed lightly: "That is not what I meant, I was talking about Ten Heavens Supreme Lord being reborn. Look at this Emperor’s Tomb, what do you think the consequences would be if the strongest group of people from Heaven Realm were to come here? Although the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord is already dead, the power here is still great! "

Chen Xiang’s meaning was very clear. These Lion Mountain represented the power of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord and his death had always been a mystery.

"How do we get out?" Zhao Yiprofound calmed down, the white light on her face suddenly scattered, revealing a mature and beautiful oval face. Her beautiful face was extremely cold, and when her beautiful eyes looked at Chen Xiang, there were traces of killing intent.

"The spiritual energy here is very dense, and I still have some medicinal pills with me. I’m very young, so I want to cultivate here for a while." Chen Xiang said lightly.

"Brat, don’t play tricks on me. You have to bring us out." Zhao Yiprofound once again pressed his sword against Chen Xiang’s throat.

Chen Xiang said with a cold smile: "I’ll bring you guys out, then you guys can kill me? "Unless you swear that you will not kill me or capture me after you leave this place, I will feel wronged and die together with you here."

"You ..." Zhao Yiprofound really wanted to pierce through Chen Xiang’s throat, but her sword was suddenly grabbed by Feng Ziprofound.

Feng Ziprofound had to go out and tell Feng Clan about the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and the Heaven Earth Killing Method, otherwise, Feng Clan would suffer even more losses for these two things.

"You’d better not kill him." Feng Ziprofound took out a long blade and pointed it at Zhao Yiprofound.

"Alright, I swear ..."

Chen Xiang cut her off and said: "Swear on the blood oath, using my mouth to swear, I can send ten every day." Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Feng Ziprofound was the clearest. He slashed the long blade on his wrist and spat out a mouthful of blood, then controlled the blood to transform into a Array. He recited the oath, and every time he opened his mouth, a red word would come out from his mouth and assimilate into the Array.

Zhao Yiprofound bit her red lips and did the same. She gave her a blood oath as it was often used on Heaven Realm, only those with Immortal strength could use it. This was what Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou had told Chen Xiang.

Feng Ziprofound and Zhao Yiprofound were extremely powerful in the Heaven Realm, and had always been high and mighty in terms of power. But now, they had to obey Chen Xiang’s orders time and time again, which made them very angry, but they had no other choice.

After Feng Ziprofound and Zhao Yiprofound finished their blood oath, they revealed a happy smile, causing the two of them to be filled with anger.

"Don’t play any tricks, or I’ll kill you here." Zhao Yiprofound said coldly.

The blood oath only said that if they did not kill Chen Xiang, they would not kill him, but it did not say that they could not kill him inside, thus Zhao Yiprofound and Feng Ziprofound were not afraid of Chen Xiang playing tricks on them.

"Okay, now what we need to do is to wait, this Lion Mountain will be moved ten times, just now was for the first time, after the tenth time is over, we can go to another Lion Mountain and search for a way out from those Lion Mountain."

Actually, he could already go to the other Lion Mountain to look for a way to return, but he planned to get closer to them and see what they looked like from the outside.

"What if we go to the other Lion Mountain right now?" Ji Meixian asked.

"Only death awaits you all. Before this, all of you should have seen the Lion Mountain that has turned into Flame Lion. You should all be aware of the terrifying might of that flame. As far as I know, of the hundred Lion Mountain inside, only one of them is safe." What Chen Xiang said was all true, he had destroyed the stone tablet and obtained the knowledge of the ancient words on the tablet.

"Of course, I can’t guarantee we can leave within a short period of time. Right now, I can only guarantee that we can safely walk around here and go to some safer Lion Mountain. As for when we can leave, I’m not sure either. Initially, I had already intended to stay here alone for many years, and only after I have completely grasped the Heaven Earth Killing Method would I be able to leave. " Chen Xiang said.

After hearing what he said, Zhao Yiprofound and Feng Ziprofound’s face darkened. They wanted to kill Chen Xiang in one slash.

"Bitch, after we get out, we’ll catch this little bastard." Zhao Yiprofound whispered to Ji Meixian.

Ji Meixian was secretly furious in his heart, and replied: "Yes!"

"Damned bitch, sooner or later I will let you know the consequences of finding out about my Yu Yi Immortal Fairy." Ji Meixian thought.

Ji Meixian sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, informing her of the order he had given her.

Chen Xiang secretly laughed, letting Ji Meixian capture him? This was simply too funny.

"It will only move once every six hours. You just have to wait." Chen Xiang was not anxious at all as he took out the pill furnace and began to refine the pills.

Right now, he had to prepare to break through to the top grade Ground level, he had to master the third and even fourth stage of Foreseeing Alchemy. Now, he was going to practice using a few low leveled pills.

For example, the Nine quenching body Dan, he used the third stage of Foreseeing Alchemy to refine this pill, but he failed again and again.

"Let’s practice with the Xuan Beast Pills first. I’m almost done eating my snacks." Long Xueyi called out softly.

"Little Naughty Dragon, your Storage magic treasure has more snacks than this mountain. Don’t think you can deceive me." Chen Xiang was very clear about Long Xueyi’s habit. There were a lot of abandoned spirit medicines in the Serene Jade Ring, and those medicine’s quality was not that high. In the end, all of them entered Long Xueyi’s pocket.