Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Zhao Yiprofound and Feng Ziprofound stood at the side and watched Chen Xiang concoct pills. When they had captured Chen Xiang, they already had a lot of information regarding him, and they also knew that the young Chen Xiang was able to concoct a few middle grade Ground level pills. He was a great pill refiner.

If such a person were to mature, he might even become a Ten Heavens Supreme Lord. Even Zhao Yiprofound and Feng Ziprofound would want to snatch away the high grade medicinal ingredients in Chen Xiang’s hands.

"This pill furnace is no ordinary item!" Zhao Yiprofound had been in the Heaven Realm for many years, and he could tell at a glance that Chen Xiang’s pill furnace was extraordinary.

"That’s right, this is a Yanlong furnace! What? You want to take it away? " chuckled. His consecutive failures in concocting pills made Zhao Yiprofound and Feng Ziprofound unable to help themselves from suspecting his alchemy level. Ji Meixian also felt very suspicious.

The Yanlong furnace s, this furnace was very famous in the Heaven Realm, there was no way Zhao Yiprofound and Feng Ziprofound wouldn’t know about it, they were already very surprised.

"Where did you come from?" Zhao Yiprofound took a deep breath: "This is Heaven Realm’s Master Refiner, Yan Longzi refined it with the Fire Dragon Blood Jade a thousand years ago. He originally planned to give it to Dan Immortal, but that Dan Immortal suddenly went missing, and in the end, that Yanlong furnace landed somewhere else."

Chen Xiang had obtained it from the "mortal world", that mortal world was also very mysterious. It had suddenly disappeared before the Great War between Three Realms even arrived and his father was still there. However, many people said that nothing would happen to the mortal world, and that they would be able to return after going to a place.

"From my hometown." Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s very possible that I will become a Dan Immortal in the future, don’t you guys want to curry favor with me? Beautiful and talented women like you are always popular wherever you go, but you are only popular. It’s not easy to get your hands on high-grade pills. "

"You frog at the bottom of the well, my Feng Clan has a Dan Immortal, is there a need to fawn over a mere mortal like you?" Feng Ziprofound said in disdain.

"Hehe, so what? Your Feng Clan is so big, then does that mean that your Dan Immortal will only serve you alone? This is impossible, the pills you get are all trash left behind by those old fellows. However, if you choose to rely on me now, you will be my first subordinates.

Chen Xiang suddenly shook his head: "But I will never let you become my subordinates, you can only be my servants, your ancestors once betrayed the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, I do not trust you! This woman can barely be my slave, so just forget it. "

Just as he finished speaking, he had a blade and sword at his throat, Feng Ziprofound and Zhao Yiprofound were enraged by his words!

Ji Meixian also felt a little uncomfortable. Back then, Chen Xiang had also said something similar to her, and now she was really Chen Xiang’s female slave.

"I was just joking, don’t take it seriously!"

Chen Xiang laughed, he had seen quite a lot of these two people as his slaves. Other than having good aptitudes, there wasn’t anything else of note, but Ji Meixian was different.

"Just concoct pills honestly. If you dare spout nonsense again, I’ll cut off your tongue." Zhao Yiprofound’s voice was ice-cold and incomparably furious. The little demon in front of her actually wanted to take her in as a female slave to be ravaged by him.

Chen Xiang obediently continued to refine pills. Now, he knew that the pills in the Heaven Realm were also lacking, if he was able to concoct the commonly used High Rank pills, many of the old fellows would have to kneel for him.

The tenth vibration of the Lion Mountain meant that it was moving forward for the tenth time. Chen Xiang put away the pill furnace and became serious, because they were about to leave the Lion Mountain very soon.

"After the tenth move, would there be a eleventh move? Will this Lion Mountain return to its original position? " Zhao Yiprofound pulled out his sword and pointed it at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang looked at her coldly: "If you think it’s like that, then continue to stay in this Lion Mountain! Also, if you point your sword at me again for no reason at all, you’ll never get out! "

Chen Xiang and the others also felt goosebumps on their skin at this moment. They followed very closely behind, and since they couldn’t fly, they could only run down the mountain.

Walking down from this Lion Mountain, Chen Xiang said in a serious tone: "Walk in a straight line, and head straight towards that Lion Mountain." He pointed at a Lion Mountain in front of them and started sprinting.

If you looked carefully, you would be able to see that there were many small and profound Spirit grain carved on the bricks. The three of them did not dare to be careless, and followed closely behind Chen Xiang.

The entire journey was very peaceful, but when they sprinted, they felt their hairs stand on end, because waves of cold wind blew over. The whooshing sound of the wind was like the howls of demons in hell, that kind of bone-piercing coldness made even Zhao Yiprofound feel extremely uncomfortable.

There was a Lion Mountain on all four sides of each Lion Mountain, and they were separated by thousands of meters. But now, Chen Xiang and the rest felt that they were miles away, and even after running for two hours, they were still unable to reach the Lion Mountain on the other side.

"Don’t worry, we’re still safe. If we were in danger, we would’ve died long ago." When he closed his eyes, he could see a golden light on the ground that led to the Lion Mountain opposite him. This meant that this road was safe, and if he walked out of the area other than the golden light, he would fall into another vast space.

They turned around and looked at the distance that seemed like it was only three thousand meters, but they had actually been running for two hours. If it was in a normal situation, they could have easily crossed this distance in just a short amount of time.

However, the most shocking thing was that the Lion Mountain they stayed in earlier was burning with a light blue flame.

Zhao Yiprofound felt chills run down her spine. She had planned to stay in the Lion Mountain and wait for the eleventh move before returning to her original position. She now understood that the Lion Mountain inside wasn’t simple.

"What’s next?" She no longer dared to doubt Chen Xiang, and furthermore, she knew that the Lion Mountain she was in wasn’t safe. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Let’s find the stone tablet on this mountain first. That stone tablet is the thing that will guide us to the next Lion Mountain. It can also guide us to the safe Lion Mountain." Chen Xiang said. If they had not left the Lion Mountain just now, nothing would have happened. As long as he was still up there, then the Lion Mountain would be safe.

This Lion Mountain was the same as before. Green trees covered the sky, and the forest was filled with dense spirit energy. There was a sweet smell in the air, and there were many beautiful wild flowers along the way.

He found the stone tablet. Just like last time, Chen Xiang shattered it with a single punch.

"This stone tablet will appear in a month’s time. Now, I have to properly digest the contents of the stone tablet." Chen Xiang closed his eyes and analyzed the ancient characters.