Chen Xiang waited until night before he slowly moved, leaving the valley where many people were hiding. He did not know that Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were interrogating Zhao Yiprofound about a lot of things, which were all related to the Ruthless Devil Venerable.

After passing through the gorge, just as Chen Xiang was about to step onto a plain, he was sent flying by a powerful force. The Lion Mountain was not far ahead, as long as he passed through these plains, he would be able to reach it.

"This wasteland has been sealed by some strange power!" Chen Xiang punched out, striking the invisible seal in front of him, but no sound at all. He had used his Dragon Power.

"No wonder those old fellows are trapped here." Chen Xiang now understood why there were so many strong and powerful people here, and why they looked very old.

"Let’s go, those people will definitely guess that you will come here. Perhaps, they might have already rushed over by now." Long Xueyi said.

"How are those two little maid inside?" Chen Xiang smashed his fist a few times, his powerful energy had been completely swallowed by the seal. It was extremely difficult to step foot onto the grassland, so he could only hide and think of a way.

"I was secretly chatting with my two sisters. They wanted me to keep it a secret." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang shrugged his shoulders, and rushed towards a barren mountain in the distance. He felt that there should be a stone tablet or something here, if he could see the stone inscriptions, maybe he would have a way to leave this place.

This wasteland didn’t have any plants or spiritual energy. However, at night time, one could see bright stars that could absorb some of the star power and moon essence to cultivate. However, there was no one who specialized in it, so the rate of absorption was very slow.

Chen Xiang did not have such an ability, but the rate at which he absorbed it was extremely fast, because he had assimilated with a Caomu heavenly Dan!

Flowers, plants and trees were originally nurtured by the heaven and earth. They were nourished by the earth, absorbed the energy of the stars, and absorbed the essence of the sun and moon in order to grow. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

In a situation where he was completely devoid of spirit energy, he still quickly absorbed the energy of heaven and earth to cultivate. He had already started to gradually understand the benefits of Caomu heavenly Dan s, and understood why Zhao Yiprofound and Feng Ziprofound were fighting over them.

He looked at the stars in the sky and frowned.

"I understand, this wasteland is just a Lion Mountain, it’s just that there’s a very powerful illusion array here! That grassland, that Lion Mountain was actually just an illusion. As long as I can find that stone tablet, I can leave that place! "

"According to what you have said, not only is there an illusory magic array, there is also a spatial array. This place is too big, it’s possible to fit ten thousand Lion Mountain here." Long Xueyi said.

"That’s right, there really is a spatial formation. The reason for doing this might be to trap them here, and then through comprehending the Ground killing, find the stone tablet that’s hidden here."

Although this place was barren of life, and gave off a deathly aura, Chen Xiang still felt a tiny bit of vitality. This was the miraculous feeling he had after learning the Ground killing, and the special feeling he had towards the earth.

Chen Xiang thought of something, but was unable to grasp the center. He paced around anxiously, trying to think, he felt that this place that was different from the other Lion Mountain must be hiding something.

"There’s a very strong illusion array here, and it’s much stronger than the one I met in Super Old Sacred Land before. Moreover, there’s even a spatial array inside, making people think that it’s very big!"

"There are usually three kinds of magic arrays, the lowest is to deceive a person’s eyes, and then it is to deceive their five senses. The final is the highest is the trick of a person’s soul, imprinting these illusions in the depths of their soul, making it hard for them to see through. After a long time, everything they see will completely take root in their soul, no matter where they go, everything will be exactly the same as here."

Chen Xiang’s heart was thumping hard, no doubt the illusion array he was in was the last one, he could not stay here for too long, if not he would not be able to get rid of the seed of the illusion in the depths of his soul.

This Lion Mountain tests one’s consciousness, and is able to see through the illusion formation. If I am not mistaken, there should be a portion of the Heaven Earth Killing Method, the God slain method! Chen Xiang firmly believed that it was true.

What he needed to do now was to raise his spiritual sense and comprehend the Ground killing. With the combination of the two, he would be able to find the hidden monolith, read the monolith inscriptions, and find the God slain method!

"All of this is fake. This is a Lion Mountain, there are large trees all around, the stone tablet must be inside the Lion Mountain. It looks like the first thing I need to do is to get rid of this illusion formation." He wouldn’t be so stupid as to look for the Lion Mountain’s Monument in this unreal world. If he really looked for the monument here, before he found it, he would have already fallen into an illusion array.

Chen Xiang closed his eyes, no longer wanting to be fooled by these fake rumors. He sat on top of a barren mountain and felt that he should be inside a tree.

Previously, he had devoured Feng Ziprofound’s soul, but now that he wanted to raise his spiritual sense, he could only devour Feng Ziprofound’s soul and strengthen his own soul!

The Nine-turn dragon god mantra slowly revolved, and the divine soul in his sea of consciousness also sat cross-legged on a golden ocean just like himself. Feng Ziprofound’s soul merged with the golden sea and was refined, allowing the divine soul to slowly absorb it.

"As long as you completely refine Feng Ziprofound’s soul, your divine soul will enter a perfect stage! The perfect stage was the peak of the first major stage of soul cultivation! Once you cross that step, you will be able to reach perfection. At that time, you will be able to use the power of the Divine Arts and unleash even stronger and faster abilities! " Long Xueyi said.

"Perfection? "How many stages are there in total for spirit cultivation?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The first great stage is to refine the mind, and that is to advance from the soul of the divine way to perfection! The second stage is to reach perfection. This stage is more than enough for you to cultivate. Long Xueyi said: "There is no peak in cultivation, you can go far. You will know in the future."

Chen Xiang absorbed the sun, moon and stars one day ago and refined Feng Ziprofound’s soul within his sea of consciousness. At this moment, he felt that his divine soul was becoming stronger and stronger, making him feel that he could use "divine soul leave the body" and let his divine soul leave the body, floating between heaven and earth.

However, he did not do so because it was too dangerous.

In the blink of an eye, two months had passed. Chen Xiang sat on top of the mountain, and while absorbing the Sun and Moon’s essence, his movements were not small.

In Chen Xiang’s sea of consciousness, the divine soul glimmered with golden light and looked extremely powerful. What surprised him was that as his divine soul grew stronger, he discovered that the Innate Qi in his body had risen by a lot and its quality had become even higher!

"A perfect realm of the soul, amazing indeed!" Chen Xiang opened his eyes and saw that the surrounding wasteland had disappeared.

He had gotten rid of this illusion formation!