Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang brought the two girls into a big array, and on the way there, they passed by an illusion formation. They could see a lot of people walking around, and their faces were full of vigilance, and even if Chen Xiang pulled them out of the array, they would still not be able to get rid of it. The array had already been deeply imprinted in their souls, unless someone used their divine power to erase the imprints.

"This Transmission array was able to be sent outside of the Rough and Random profound Land. You all must have already made up lies to deceive the White Sea Imperial Land, right?" Chen Xiang stepped into the Transmission array and asked Ji Meixian and Zhao Yiprofound.

"Don’t worry about this, we will continue to stay in the White Sea Imperial Land and fight for the highest authority." Ji Meixian said.

Chen Xiang said: "Don’t say that I was the one who killed Feng Ziprofound, or else they would have sent out stronger people. You guys better lie to them, that I’m in danger, and will most likely die in Lion Mountain."

The two girls nodded their heads. Chen Xiang activated Transmission array, and then they appeared outside the Rough and Random profound Land on a desolate grassland.

This was the first time Chen Xiang and Ji Meixian had crossed blows, and Ji Meixian had suffered a huge loss here.

"Hehe, you can leave now. We don’t know when we’ll meet again." Chen Xiang gave two girls and one small gift, those were two Eternal Dan s that could be used to protect their lives at a critical moment. These two slaves were very strong, and had boundless prospects, so Chen Xiang naturally had to take care of them.

"I will be meeting the Heaven Realm soon, and will not come down again in the future. Right now, it’s only the Tenth Heaven rebirth and the space is weak, so we can come down easily. After this period of time, no one can come down." Zhao Yiprofound said.

"En, I will go to the Heaven Realm, at that time, I will need Master Heavenly Maiden to take care of me!" Chen Xiang laughed, with Shrinking step, he had passed through a large mountain in the blink of an eye.

When Chen Xiang returned to the Green Summit City, he merged with his Caomu heavenly Dan. His concealing ability was extremely strong, and even Ji Meixian’s spiritual sense could not detect him. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Back then, when many immortals were teleported over, because the Transmission array was destroyed by Chen Xiang, those experts were like cabbages in the sky as they were randomly cut by the terrifying power of space.

Even though many days had passed, he did not calm down. He was still the topic of discussion for many people: A young brat like him had killed so many experts, and he was an immortal at that. Even in the Heaven Realm, there would be a sensation.

"I have been expelled from the Super Martial School, I can’t return now! Those close to me must be watched closely by others. I should make a good show of myself in order to get rid of those people who are plotting against me. "

Chen Xiang heard from within the city that the ancient powers were still going to chase after him and beat him up. What made him at a loss of whether to laugh or cry was that the old fellows from Ancient Wasteland Devil Sect’s group that had endured the great tribulation actually came down, they had all surpassed the Nirvana Stage now and possessed extremely powerful strength, allowing the Ancient Wasteland Devil Sect to become strong once again.

"If it wasn’t for me, this group of fellows wouldn’t have ascended so easily. It’s fine if they didn’t thank me, but they actually wanted to seek revenge!" Chen Xiang thought in his heart, but then he thought that the tomb of the Demon God’s son must have been raided from top to bottom by Duan Sanchang, and the Ancient Wasteland Devil Sect might have believed that he was the one who did it.

There was another matter that shook the entire south a while ago, and that was that the ancestral tombs of the ancestors of the Flying Immortal School had been stolen, and some of the tombs had even been taken to the auction house in Pill City!

Chen Xiang knew that it was definitely the Duan Clan who did this. The Duan Clan would definitely not be able to take it lying down if Duan Sanchang obtained a piece of immortal jade and was robbed away by the people from the Flying Immortal School.

"If you bully me, I’ll dig your ancestors’ graves!" This was what Duan Sanchang had said before. Right now, the Flying Immortal School was hunting down the Duan Clan members everywhere, but there were too few of them, and only a few of them.

Three days after Ji Meixian and Zhao Yiprofound returned to the White Sea Imperial Land, the news had spread out. The great son of the Feng Clan had died miserably among the Lion Mountain, and none of the people who went in with Feng Ziprofound had escaped. Chen Xiang had been forced into a Lion Mountain that was filled with killing arrays, so he was most likely dead.

This news made many people sigh. Chen Xiang possessed the Heaven Earth Killing Method and the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, and now that he was dead, wouldn’t these two items from the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord be lost to him?

After Chen Xiang entered the Rough and Random profound Land, he was chased and killed by the people of White Sea Imperial Land and Feng Clan. Furthermore, there was no news of him for many days.

No one dared to question Zhao Yiprofound’s strength, even though he appeared to be a charming woman, it was still possible for him to kill a little deity with a smack of his palm.

"Those immortals will be returning in a few days. Staying in this lousy place will affect their cultivation!" One of the elders laughed, "This world is ours."

Chen Xiang was in the tavern next to the tavern. When he heard this, he sneered in his heart. Those deities would return, but there were still many that would stay.

"That Chen Xiang who caused so many things, is finally going to be at peace! The strongest powers in the three realms of the Human Demon Realm have agreed to negotiate peace, and there will be a Three Realms Talk holding in a while. It seems that there will be a grand meeting to be held as well, and at that time, there will be many opportunities to get rich. A middle-aged man laughed sinisterly.

Chen Xiang also laughed, "This fellow from the Flying Immortal School is really not a good person. Looks like I have somewhere to go.

"It’s just a temporary negotiation, Human Realm’s strength is not weak, it’s very difficult for the demon to attack, they are just worried that the Human Realm will attack them, if the demon uses the resources of the Human Realm to develop, there might be more that they can fight." Bai Youyou said. She belonged to the Demon World and she never believed in the character of the big powers in the Demon World.

Chen Xiang laughed: "That’s good too, I have time to develop my Dragon Subduing School, and get used to it. As long as I can expand my Dragon Subduing School, any force that dares to provoke me, I will bring my Dragon Subduing School to the front and destroy them all."

"Then you have to find a very strong person to guard the mountain gate, such as me, this Heavenly Dragon Dragon Emperor who serves as the Great Clan Elder, whoever comes to cause trouble, I will sweep her off her feet with my tail!" Long Xueyi said: "Sooner or later, I will lead Dragon Subduing School to slap the faces of those old dragons of Imperial Dragon Race."

"Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord, as long as you blow away that cowhide, even heaven and earth would be blown away by you. Why do you need to do it yourself?" Chen Xiang said.

Chen Xiang still didn’t know where Three Realms Talk was, but he guessed that it should be in the southeast region. There was a large piece of land connected to the Demon and Devil Realms and it was still very close to Chen Martial Continent.

"It should be in the east, there is also a big city there. We can go take a look now, if it really is the Three Realms Talk, then it will be filled with powerful people. There will be a lot of powerful warriors!" Chen Xiang said.