Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Li Baojun and Chen Xiang also stopped walking, and waited for the people who were following them out of the city.

Chen Xiang was only very curious why these people were targeting them! After he obtained the Caomu heavenly Dan, it was able to merge with nature. Even Ji Meixian’s spirit sense could not sense him, and the Human Searching Immortal Equipment that Zhao Yiprofound took from the Heaven Realm was also ineffective.

The person who came was very strong, causing Chen Xiang to feel uneasy. Furthermore, from the Qi he could tell that they were immortals from ancient powers, who could pass through the Nine Nirvana Tribulations.

"Elder Li, can you withstand it?" Chen Xiang asked in a low voice.

"No problem, as an elder, how can I not have the strength?" Li Baojun was extremely confident. He, who had obtained the Longevity fruit, was so happy that he wanted to hit others.

There were five people here. Chen Xiang only saw a few figures jump out from the city gate and then surround them.

The five of them were all elderly men. Although their heads were full of white hair, there were no wrinkles on their faces. They had taken great care of themselves.

The five elderly men surrounded Chen Xiang and his group in the middle, looking at Chen Xiang and Li Baojun with an unfriendly gaze.

Li Baojun looked at a grey-robed elder, and laughed coldly: "So it’s you, I never thought that I would actually see the wrong person!"

Chen Xiang immediately understood that it wasn’t because he was recognized, but because Li Baojun had been betrayed by a friend of his.

"The Longevity fruit is in your hands?" Although the grey robed elder had sold Li Baojun out, he did not reveal any sign of guilt.

"That’s right, the Longevity fruit is in my hands. If you have the guts, come and take it!" Although Li Baojun’s face was rarely seen with tranquility, he was furious in his heart. He never thought that he would actually be blind enough to befriend such a person.

On the picture of Chen Xiang’s bounty, Li Baojun was an old man. Now that he had turned middle-aged, it meant that he had consumed a lot of Beauty Dan, which made the other five old men jealous, because they also wanted to regain their youthful appearance. It was just that they did not have enough Beauty Dan.

"Elder Li, other than this guy, the other four old turtles are all from Feng Clan!" Chen Xiang’s voice was loud, purposely provoking these people.

Li Baojun laughed coldly: "I had long heard that these ancient powers were all bandits and traitors. I didn’t expect it to be like this, haha ... "I didn’t expect that you would dare to steal from me today."

"Li Baojun, hand over the Longevity fruit and cut off that brat’s head, and we’ll let you go." An old man from the Feng Clan said indifferently. His expression was as if he was the god of heaven.

Chen Xiang could feel Li Baojun’s anger. He, who had a powerful soul, could now see Li Baojun’s strength with his divine sense, so he was not afraid at all, because Li Baojun’s strength was stronger than he had imagined. More importantly, Li Baojun’s body contained a very strange flame power.

"Old Turtle, kneel down and kowtow to me. I can spare your life." Li Baojun shouted in anger.

"Hmph, don’t think that being able to refine two batches of Heaven level Pills is unrivalled in the world. Since you refuse a toast and eat a forfeit, don’t blame me for this." The old man from Feng Clan sneered, he opened his palm into a wolf claw, that grabbed towards Li Baojun, causing the air to tremble.

The power of this grab was terrifying, and even the ground was shaking.

"Is there even any reason for us to steal something from him? Feng Clan, you all better remember this, I, Li Baojun will trample all over your Feng Clan sooner or later. "

His voice spread throughout Dan City, and a fan appeared in his hand. The fan was not simple, the place where he grabbed it looked like fiery red crystals, and the leaves were scattered with red scales, although the red phosphorus was small, it emitted a very terrifying pressure.

"Old Turtle, go to hell." Li Baojun now understood why Chen Xiang would always provoke these ancient powers, because these ancient powers would go overboard.

Li Baojun viciously waved his hand, and the temperature of the world suddenly rose sharply. The area within ten kilometers became shrouded in a wave of terrifying heat, causing people to feel as if they were nearing that terrifying domain of fire. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

After Li Baojun fanned it, flames burst out from the fan, and unexpectedly turned out to be a Fire unicorn the size of a bull. When the Fire unicorn appeared, the Feng Clan Ranker’s wolf claws had already dug into the Fire unicorn.

"Ahh ..." The Feng Clan Ranker cried out in pain. His entire arm was burnt, while the Fire unicorn flew out, transforming into a red light that engulfed the Feng Clan Old Man.

In just an instant, that overweeningly proud Feng Clan Ranker had turned into ashes. Chen Xiang, who was standing beside Li Baojun, could even feel the terror of that fan.

Li Baojun looked at the other four old men whose faces were filled with fear and greed, and sneered: "Are you guys trying to steal my fan? Haha, you all don’t have the chance anymore, go and accompany that old turtle just now! "

Li Baojun waved his fan, and the few elders immediately ran away, but the Fire unicorn that ran out from the fan was extremely powerful, locking onto the four elders, and chasing after them with the fastest speed possible. In the blink of an eye, the four elders were submerged by the Fire unicorn and turned into white ashes.

Every time he killed a person, the Fire unicorn that was created would disappear. Chen Xiang could feel that the Fire unicorn that was formed from the terrifying flames had returned back into the fan.

Chen Xiang secretly cursed in his heart. Previously, he said that he was only a pill refiner, and did not know how to fight.

"This is a Kylin fan, he is very famous in the Heaven Realm, I never thought it would be in his hands! This is a Holy level. " Bai Youyou said.

Chen Xiang guessed that this must have been left behind for him by Li Tianjun. He dragged Li Baojun and stepped on the Shrinking step, quickly leaving the Pill City.

"Is this the legendary Shrinking step? "Kid, how did you learn it?" Li Baojun was shocked by Chen Xiang’s footwork.

"I learned it by coincidence! Right, you and the Kylin fan, right? " Chen Xiang asked as they arrived beside a large river.

Li Baojun immediately put away the Kylin fan and laughed: "This broken fan is only used to fan the furnace when I am refining pills, it cannot be compared with your Green dragon demon-slain broadsword!"

"If those dead old guys knew that you called this thing a lousy fan, I wonder what they would have thought?" Chen Xiang curled his lips and said.

"Dead people have no feelings. No wonder you want to go against those fellows with your life on the line. You are indeed an infuriating bunch of bastards! If you have something like the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword or the Heaven Earth Killing Method, you can imagine! " Li Baojun sighed.

Chen Xiang shrugged his shoulders, "I’m already used to it."

Back then, Chen Xiang had killed a hundred strong warriors in Pill City overnight. Now that his identity had been exposed, there were many ancient powers with reason to chase after him.

"Elder Li, there aren’t many people who know you, right?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Not much. Even if I return to Pill City now, there won’t be any problems." Li Tianjun was not worried about this problem at all.

"That’s good. You’d better think of a way to get a large pill shop in Pill City. I’ll go find some large mines now and we’ll act separately." Chen Xiang said, he wanted to quickly settle this matter and invite the White Tiger out.