Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

As the patriarch of the Duan Clan, Duan Kong could obviously see how terrifying the ore deposit was.

"Dragon-transformed Sparite vein!" Duan Sanchang was shocked: "According to the ancient books of our Duan Clan, Ten Heavens Supreme Lord also obtained such a vein in the past! Was history going to repeat itself? Is the new earth coming into being? "

Duan Kong nodded. "That’s right, the Dragon Transformation lode that Ten Heavens Supreme Lord obtained is located inside the Ten Heavenly Sacred Mountain. However, it has already shattered and was buried under the Ten Heavenly Sacred Mountain to contain the large formations."

"Di Tian was reborn, the dragon vein reappears, and the Three Realms Talk is filled with traitors. Where is the new emperor?" Duan Kong looked at the black dragon and muttered.

"Granduncle, how can I acquire this dragon fountain?" Duan Sanchang asked.

"I don’t know. Only the future Ten Heavens Supreme Lord can obtain it, the dragon vein is born for the Emperor." As Duan Kong said this, his eyes flashed with killing intent. "It’s impossible for those traitors to obtain it. Even if they have the chance to do so, I must stop them!"

Duan Sanchang suddenly thought of the black-hearted Chen Xiang, and felt that Chen Xiang was very similar to the dragon that was made of black gas.

"Brother Shen might be able to obtain it. This fellow has a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, a Heaven Earth Killing Method and even made an enemy of a traitor. However, this fellow is too treacherous and does not have the appearance of an Emperor. It’s a pity that he went missing in the Ten Heavenly Sacred Mountain." Duan Sanchang sighed.

"He does not have an Emperor’s Dignity, but he does have an Emperor’s Luck and Emperor’s Might. If he really is able to obtain this dragon’s vein, then in the future, his Ten Heavens Supreme Lord will definitely be close." A graceful voice was heard.

Duan Sanchang snorted: "Madam Peach Blossom, you eavesdropped on our conversation, this doesn’t seem to be your style."

Yao Shumei’s face was covered by a veil, and she was dressed in a peach blossom dress. Standing on a lotus cloud, with a smile in her eyes, she brought along a daughter who was somewhat similar to her, riding on a cloud.

Mu Jialan’s attire and dressing were exactly the same as her mother’s. It was just that the two of them had their own charisma and temperament, yet they seemed to be in complete harmony. Although they were both covering up her flawless beautiful face, it still made people feel pleased and exclaim in their hearts.

"Little grave robber, your voice is so loud, you came to my ears by yourself! If you say it’s so loud when you steal a tomb, it will definitely be very troublesome. " Yao Shumei smiled sweetly, with a myriad of graces, causing Duan Sanchang to not dare to look straight at her.

Mu Jialan snorted lightly, "The little grave robber and the little devil have teamed up to cheat in Pill City, even I fell in."

Duan Sanchang curled his lips and said: "How could we have cheated? If it wasn’t for your greed, how could you have fallen for it? "You’re still too inexperienced!"

The Peach Blossom Imperial Land had always been neutral, but this was also because Yao Shumei was in charge. Otherwise, the Peach Blossom Imperial Land would probably suffer endless amounts of revenge from Chen Xiang, just like the other two.

"The Peach Blossom Leader should be very lively right now. I’m saying that all of you were not traitors back then, why are all of you following Feng Clan’s group of idiots blindly? Even if Chen Xiang is not able to become a Ten Heavens Supreme Lord in the future and play dirty tricks on you guys, it will still make your life chaotic. " Duan Kong shook his head.

"All those old fellows were instigated by the Feng Clan. Who doesn’t want to obtain the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and the Heaven Earth Killing Method? I don’t believe that your Duan Clan has not thought of this. " Yao Shumei faintly sighed.

"We have indeed thought about it, but you know that those things did not belong to the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord in the first place. Although the Heaven Earth Killing Method was created by the Great Emperor, it was also created by him based on that. " Duan Kong said.

Duan Sanchang and Mu Jialan were shocked at the same time, they did not know about this matter, the Heaven Earth Killing Method was actually created by the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord based on reference, but it was still so powerful!

"Do you have any news of Chen Xiang?" Yao Shumei looked at Duan Sanchang and asked. Because she knew that Duan Sanchang and Chen Xiang’s relationship was very good.

"You’ve been looking for us for so long just to ask us this question?" Duan Kong laughed: "It can’t be that you want to avenge your Son of Heaven, right?" Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Of course not!" Yao Shumei said.

"Hehe, you can’t be thinking of marrying your daughter to Brother Shen, right? If that’s the case, you guys don’t have to find him. Just go to the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country to find that female emperor and then find her disciple Xue Xianxian. Duan Sanchang chuckled, causing Mu Jialan to be extremely embarrassed and angry, as she glared at him with her beautiful eyes.

"Little grave robber, don’t talk nonsense." Mu Jialan said.

"Could it be that your mother wants to marry, or is it that you two ...?" Just as Duan Sanchang spoke up to this point, his head was ruthlessly smashed by Duan Kong.

Duan Kong smiled apologetically: "This brat has been wild since young, he doesn’t have any manners. I will teach him a lesson when I get back, please forgive me."

Yao Shumei’s jade face reddened, and she chuckled: "It’s alright, I just want to talk to Chen Xiang. I’m worried that I might misunderstand my Peach Blossom Imperial Land, and that Jing Xingliang might be a Peach Blossom Prince, but what he’s doing does not represent the entire Peach Blossom Imperial Land."

Duan Sanchang held onto his swollen head and muttered: "They called me little grave robber. Uncle, you are an old grave robber in their hearts, but they didn’t call me that.

Duan Kong laughed: "We are tomb robbers after all, there is no harm in being called that."

Mu Jialan glared at Duan Sanchang with her beautiful eyes: "Little thief, you better not speak nonsense in front of Chen Xiang."

"What can I say in front of him? At that time, I will definitely tell him honestly that the mother and daughter of the Peach Blossom Leader are always in low spirits due to not being able to eat or eat at all. They have been searching for him for thousands of miles just for ... "

"Aiyo, Granduncle, stop hitting me, I’m already very cultured when I speak!" Duan Sanchang shouted.

Duan Sanchang had never been humble in the Duan Clan and had gotten used to it after a while. It was the same even when facing the Peach Blossom Leader.

Yao Shumei smiled faintly, and was not angry at all. "How does he usually contact you?"

"I don’t have any way to contact him. If I stay in Dan City often, I might be able to meet him!" Don’t forget, he is a very powerful Alchemist. This black-hearted fellow has been thinking of ways to empty all the pill shops all day, if you want to find him, you should pay more attention to whatever major event happened in Pill City. " This time Duan Sanchang answered honestly.

Yao Shumei nodded his head, "Something big has indeed happened in the past few days in Pill City. I wonder if it has anything to do with Chen Xiang?"

Duan Kong shook his head: "It shouldn’t be a problem. That method of killing doesn’t seem like it was Chen Xiang’s arm, but more like he’s a powerful immortal who used a strong flame."

The news of Li Baojun using Kylin fan s to kill a few experts spread throughout Dan City, but when the guards at the city gates recounted what happened, they only saw the transformed Fire unicorn, and did not clearly see who made the move.

Just as they were conversing, a sky-shaking dragon roar came out from the Evil Dragon Graveyard, resounding across the sky, causing the mountains where Duan Kong and the rest were at to crumble!