Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Please remember your domain name, or search in Baidu: --

The fake Lan Lan had a few powerful senior women by his side, they were worried that the little girl would run away.

After a while, she was about to start paying her respects, as long as she was willing, Lan Lan would be Wu Jingsheng’s wife. Now, Chen Xiang started to suspect, that the Flying Immortal School marrying Lan Lan would be because of the blue blood bead, if not the dignified Flying Immortal School would not use the power of the entire sect just to get a woman.

"First bow to the heavens and the earth!"

"Second bow to the high hall."

"Husband and wife bow to each other."

After the couple finished bowing, Lan Lan urged them: "Big Brother Scoundrel, quickly change, quickly change ..."

Chen Xiang laughed, controlling the God Power inside the fake Lan Lan to dissipate, just as everyone was celebrating, the fake Lan Lan’s body suddenly grew larger, and broke his clothes, only to see a black wild boar suddenly appearing in front of them.

Seeing that, everyone was stunned, but Wu Jingsheng seemed to have been struck by lightning, he retreated a few steps and his body swayed, almost falling down, following that, a mouthful of blood surged out from his throat, the blood in his mouth was like a fountain, and he fell down.

"This... This is actually a pig, could this be a product of the Blue Blood Race’s special Inherent skill? "

"What a misfortune for a family. This brat actually went and paid respects to a pig. From the looks of it, that pig is still a male."

"Cough, cough." Some people were already on the verge of bursting into laughter.

"Isn’t this a black skinned pig for eating? It’s quite big."

"..."

Many people in the great hall were gloating in their hearts. Those who dared to speak were all relatively powerful.

Wu Xu’s entire body trembled, the muscles on his face twitched, and his veins popped, as though he would explode at any time. Sensing the cold killing intent from his body, many people shut their mouths.

Lan Lan, who was still holding onto her stomach, started laughing maniacally in the room, to the point that she couldn’t even breathe.

No one present didn’t know that two days ago, Lan Lan was saved by someone, and then easily chased back. Now that they thought about it, it turned out that this person had actually sent a pig out on purpose.

Everyone was guessing who exactly was coming to save Lan Lan. To think that there would be such a powerful method to turn a big black pig into a cute little girl, and to even deceive many people.

Many of the Blue Blood Warriors had their abilities kept a secret. Everyone started to suspect if Lan Lan’s grandfather had come out of closed door cultivation. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The great formation of the Flying Immortal School was completely closed. Chen Xiang easily left the Flying Immortal School, and many people who came from the Flying Immortal School could not wait to spread the news of the great event that happened inside.

In just a few short hours, everyone in the cities surrounding Flying Immortal School knew that Wu Jingsheng had married a pig.

As the Leader, although Wu Xu’s son’s strength was not bad, he still acted so tyrannically, causing the people in the nearby cities to feel disgust. Everyone was happy to see such a thing happen, and the entire Flying Immortal School became a laughing stock.

In the Dragon Subduing Dan Hall, Lan Lan and Yan Yanran were hugging each other tightly. then narrated what happened on the spot with his mouth full of foam, causing him to giggle continuously.

"This move of yours is too poisonous, but I like it," Li Baojun walked over and said while laughing.

"Who asked them to bully my Dragon Subduing School. Although my Dragon Subduing School isn’t very strong now, I can still retaliate." Chen Xiang laughed.

With Yan Yanran’s agile movements and the mysterious Nine Lives Demon Cat, both of them would definitely become experts assassins. Of course, to investigate the mystery behind the matter, it wasn’t much of a big deal.

Chen Xiang had even planned to refine some powerful poisonous hidden weapons for them. Even if they had to face some powerful warriors, they would have the ability to protect themselves.

"I will let you guys suffer for a while, so don’t show your faces for now, when the Dragon Subduing School becomes stronger, you will definitely be able to hold your heads up high," Chen Xiang said to Yan Yanran and Lan Lan in a serious tone.

"It’s alright, as long as everyone is fine," Yan Yanran gently caressed Lan Lan’s hair, with a charming and gentle smile on her face, it could be seen that she had a very good relationship with Lan Lan, and their relationship was like that of sisters.

Lan Lan also nodded. In this past year, she had been worried all day whether Yan Yanran would be bullied by the Flying Immortal School, but now that she saw that Yan Yanran was alright, she was very happy.

"Yanran, Lan Lan, in the future, the two of you will be responsible for finding all sorts of useful information for the Dragon Subduing School. Think about the details and direction first, figure out the situation of the pill stores in Pill City, what kind of pills are they selling the most, how much are they priced at, what kind of stock they have, and who are the Alchemist’s users in refining these pills. You two must produce a detailed list at regular intervals and hand it over to the Elder Li," Chen Xiang said.

"No problem, I can sneak in and steal their bills," Lan Lan laughed, "I have done this many times before."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "You need a large number of Spar to go to Elder Li to get them, you can also develop your network, and you can use Spar to buy information, but you have to remember, do not reveal your identity, and do not reveal the affairs of Dragon Subduing School."

Li Baojun said: "If you need any elixirs in cultivation, I will do my best to satisfy your requirements."

Lan Lan laughed, "From now on, I will be Elder Blue, and Big Sister Yanya will be Elder Yan. Haha ..."

The number of people in Dragon Subduing School was still too little, and he had to trust the people who recruited them. Chen Xiang felt that it was time to go and poach in Super Martial School, although he would definitely be scolded to death by Gu Dongchen and the others when the time came.

Just as the news of Wu Jingsheng and the big black pig paying their respects had spread to the entire south, another shocking news had arrived. The Flying Immortal School’s ancestral tombs had actually been dug up, and after the great formation of the ancestral tombs had been broken, many treasures and gems were scattered all over the cities near the Flying Immortal School. The most precious thing in the ancestral tombs did not appear, and with a thought, one could tell that it had been taken away by the people who stole the tombs.

Flying Immortal School was truly unlucky in eight lifetimes. When these two things were combined together, it made many of the old fellows in Flying Immortal School mad with anger, because they were unable to vent out their anger.

Without even thinking, it was obvious that the matter of the tomb robbing was done by members of the Duan Clan. Their Flying Immortal School’s tomb had long since been visited by the Duan Clan.

What angered Flying Immortal School the most was that many of the tombs of various sizes had been dug up. This way, the Leader would have no choice but to gather the disciples outside to prepare to attack the Duan Clan.

When Chen Xiang heard about this, he thought to himself, "Chang Zi is really too ruthless. He dug everything up so hard that not even a single strand of hair remains. He must have obtained a lot of good stuff."

"Leader, there’s a guy outside seeking an audience. He said that he had cheated with you before, and he specifically called for you, it looks like he knows you’re here," Li Baojun said as he furrowed his brows. Only a few of them knew about the matter between Chen Xiang and Dragon Subduing Dan Hall.

"Quick, let him in, this brat is the one who dug up the tombs of the Flying Immortal School," Chen Xiang laughed.