Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The people from the Purple Moon Imperial Land and the other forces cursed in their hearts, but they had no way to refute Chen Xiang. They had to capture Chen Xiang and obtain the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, otherwise they wouldn’t be able to make up for their heavy losses.

"My Super Martial School didn’t either, just now we met over three thousand rogue cultivators who were rescued on the way here, and when they saw me, they told us a bunch of crimes your Purple Moon Imperial Land committed, which sounds like they’re from the Evil Realm! Congratulations to Purple Moon Imperial Land for successfully becoming a member of Evil Realm! " Gu Dongchen laughed as he flew over.

Evil Realm! Upon hearing these two words, everyone felt their hair standing on end. This was an archaic taboo, even during the flourishing era of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord.

Everyone knew that Gu Dongchen was a descendant of the Ancient Spirit Clan and that he had the blood of the Ancient Spirit Clan in his body. As for what kind of ability he had, none of the strong warriors knew it, but according to the historical information they had, he was very strong.

"Gu Dongchen, you’re saying too much!" One of the clan elders of the Purple Moon Imperial Land had a gloomy face, he wanted to kill the smiling young man in front of him, and actually said that they were members of the Evil Realm.

"I said you can use a very proper method to recruit people to mine resources for you, that’s what we did! But you chose to use such a vicious and despicable method, what is the difference between you and those Evil Realm fellows? " The Demon Empress said.

"Stop being so noisy, I advise you all to quickly release those people, or else Chen Xiang will find them! Hehe, no matter how many days you have, it won’t be enough to kill him. You all know the reason why my master intentionally drove him out of the Super Martial School, it is so that he will have no scruples. Now that he is able to return alive from the Ten Heavenly Sacred Mountain, maybe he will have a great opportunity and his strength will increase by even more! " Gu Dongchen laughed.

"Then we must kill him!" The patriarch of the Feng Clan gritted his teeth as he spoke.

Chen Xiang had Yulong blood s, adding that he had eaten Relive Dan s, his injuries healed very quickly. Just as he was about to leave quietly, the sky suddenly darkened.

The Little Demon Empress’ expression changed drastically, "It’s all your Purple Moon Imperial Land’s fault. Now it’s all good. The Purgatory Sky Demon is coming!"

Purgatory Sky Demon? Chen Xiang wanted to know what this thing was, to actually be able to make the Demon Empress of the Heaven Realm so nervous. Not only her, everyone else was the same, even the expressions of the five elders who were chasing after Chen Xiang earlier changed drastically, and they did not dare to say anything more.

The blue sky was soon shrouded by a layer of black gas, causing the entire land to darken. The originally lively world instantly turned lifeless, gloomy, sinister, and filled with gusts of cold wind!

Waves of cold, gloomy wind whistled, the Heaven Thunder Purgatory was extremely terrifying. The cold wind whooshed, the sound made people feel scared, as though there were thousands of demons rushing over from all directions.

Chen Xiang suddenly felt his body becoming very heavy, being pressed down by a pressure, that force had an extremely evil Qi, and also had a hint of cold Qi. Through that pressure, it wanted to flood into the bodies of the people, causing them to feel a chill.

"Who destroyed this place? I once warned you that such destruction is not allowed! " The voice was emotionless and had a sinister air to it, causing everyone to feel a chill down their spines.

The Demon Empress immediately pointed at the elders from the Purple Moon Imperial Land. "It’s just these few fellows, they have nothing to do with us. We only rushed over because we sensed some movement here!"

This Purgatory Sky Demon was extremely terrifying, it was said that he was the guardian of this Heaven Thunder Purgatory. When they came in, this fellow had already warned them that they could mine resources, but if they were to destroy this place, they would be punished.

Some of the ancient powers had disapproved before, but in the end, they all died miserable deaths.

An elder of the Purple Moon Imperial Land immediately explained: "We are chasing after a fellow who possesses a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. Heaven Devil King, you should know how powerful the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword is."

"The person with the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword really appeared? That’s fine, I will find him and seal the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. This really gives us a headache. " The Heaven Devil King said.

When the elder of the Purple Moon Imperial Land heard this, he was overjoyed and heaved a sigh of relief.

"Since you’ve destroyed this place, I won’t kill you. I will only punish you a little!" Heaven Devil King said, the black Qi that shrouded the sky suddenly disappeared, and transformed into a gigantic black palm. With an extremely fast speed, with an incomparably terrifying power, it slammed towards the five clan elders.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The huge black palm hit the five elders and a strong power burst out, tearing open the space. It made the five elders fall down and heavily hit the ground.

"Serves you right!" Chen Xiang secretly cursed in his heart. He had actually set his sights on these five fellows from the Heaven Devil King.

They were only heavily injured and would be able to recover well after a period of time. Seeing this, Chen Xiang clenched his teeth, and flew out from the forest, stepping on the Shrinking step, he instantly arrived in front of the five elders! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Seeing Chen Xiang suddenly appear, everyone was surprised. Seeing Chen Xiang calling out his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, they all guessed what Chen Xiang was trying to do!

Sure enough, Chen Xiang roared, he raised his Divine Blade high up and poured himself into the terrifying Dragon Power, causing the ground to shake slightly, then with the speed of lightning, he chopped down, countless of blade qi struck the ground like a fan, the sharp blade qi enveloped the area, and the bodies of the five clan elders were as though they were all slashed by countless of sharp blades, turning into meat strips!

These five elders were all Immortals who had undergone the Nirvana Realm cultivation, but now, they were shattered by a little kid with a single slash. They died such a miserable death, which could be considered as Chen Xiang’s means.

It was the first time that many of the experts present had seen Chen Xiang, such as the Demon Empress of the Demon Charming Association, the Bear King of the Black Vaid Mountain, the Patriarch of the Qin family, the powerhouses of the Eastern powers, and some of the experts of the Demon and Devil Realms.

"It really is a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword! I let them go, yet you want to kill them? This was the voice of the Heaven Devil King.

"I wanted them to die, yet you let them go. Are you going against me?" Chen Xiang replied indifferently, and started running while stepping on the Shrinking step.

Thump thump thump!

He had only taken a few steps forward, yet he was already dashing towards a distant plain. Everyone could only see a small dot!

"It’s the Shrinking step, the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s footwork!" Yao Shumei shouted in shock.

Now, everyone believed that Chen Xiang had obtained the inheritance of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord!

"Brat, you are always the one who gets the inheritance of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord. Today, I will kill you too!" The Heaven Devil King’s voice had a hint of anger, following that, a huge claw the size of an Eagle Claw gang appeared above Chen Xiang.

"Arrogant demon, how about you kill yourself if you can’t kill me today? What are you? You don’t even dare to show your face, and you still dare to spout such nonsense! " Chen Xiang’s words did not stop until one was shocked to death, and yet he actually dared to speak of Heaven Devil King that even the strong warriors were afraid of.