Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Heaven Devil King was completely enraged and turned into a giant black hand that grabbed down towards Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang stepped on the Shrinking step, his speed was extremely fast, causing him to fail again and again, pressing onto the ground and forming huge palm prints that emitted traces of Evil Qi.

"Sky Demon Domain! You won’t be able to escape! " Heaven Devil King roared, a layer of black Qi suddenly surged out from the ground, forming a gigantic whirlpool, which produced a suction force that seemed to be consuming the ground, causing Chen Xiang to be unable to advance.

Although Chen Xiang was currently stepping on the Shrinking step, it was as if he was walking on the ground.

"You must die!" Following Heaven Devil King’s gloomy and furious voice, a huge black palm appeared in the sky and smashed down towards Chen Xiang.

All of the experts held their breaths as they watched the scene unfold. Heaven Devil King’s strength had completely shocked them, they did not think that Chen Xiang could survive, but it was a pity that the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword could possibly disappear along with Chen Xiang’s death.

Chen Xiang saw a black shadow pressing down with an earth-shattering force. Waves of evil energy roiled and was extremely brutal, causing the ground to crack and he felt as if his body was about to be squeezed into a meat ball.

"Demon, the one who died was you!" Chen Xiang calmly roared, his entire body shining with a golden light, the powerful Devil-suppressing holy power all activated by him, the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword in his hands turned into gold, the dragon cries sounded out, bringing along an imposing aura that caused demons to tremble, shaking the world.

Chen Xiang slashed out with his blade towards the gigantic black hand that was pressing down on him. A gold Qi shot out from the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword like an angry golden dragon, sweeping the sky with its gigantic body, and released waves after waves of brilliance like the scorching sun!

Previous Chapter Next Chapter "Boom!"

The gigantic black hand that was going to crush Chen Xiang to death suddenly released a ball of gold light, the black qi disappeared without a trace, and the golden dragon that was formed from Devil-suppressing holy power released a series of furious roars, rushed into the sky and also disappeared.

Chen Xiang gasped for breath, his hand that was holding onto the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was trembling. A moment ago, he gathered Devil-suppressing holy power, Dragon Power, Heaven fire, as well as the strongest ninth level of Devil Subduing Method, using half of his strength, he had finally defeated the Heaven Devil King!

However, his expression was still extremely solemn. He swallowed a pellet which could help him recover Innate Qi, and stared at the sky.

Just as Feng Clan and his Leader were about to fly over to Chen Xiang, Gu Dongchen suddenly appeared in front of them and stopped them, "You two, behave yourselves!"

Chen Xiang’s power was extremely terrifying, especially the experts of the Devil Realm and the Demon Realm, they were all communicating using their consciousness right now. Whether or not to join hands and deal with Chen Xiang, the power Chen Xiang displayed just now was all aimed at the demons, especially the terrifying thing called the Devil-suppressing holy power!

"After the disappearance of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, the Devil-suppressing holy power had been lost to this day. I never thought that he would actually grasp it!" The Little Demon Empress frowned, her expression congealed, as she clenched her jade fists very tightly, as though she could attack Chen Xiang at any time.

Chen Xiang actually did not escape immediately, which was unexpected to everyone. He glanced at the Demon Empress who was ready to make a move, and said with a cold smile, "Come over right now if you have the guts. As long as you can’t kill me today, even if it means going to heaven or earth, I will still kill all of your Demon Charming Association’s demoness!"

"From the looks of it, you have just passed through the second and third Nirvana Tribulations. I can kill you with a raise of my hand. If I were to make a move, you would definitely not be able to escape. As long as you hand over the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword ..."

"Wishful thinking. The sword is with the person. The sword is dead, and the person is dead." Why don’t you just try your luck and kill me with a raise of your hand? There are many people who have said those words to me. I would like to see if anyone can really do it! " Chen Xiang’s arm shook, raising up the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. The soft green light surrounded the divine blade, and although the green dragon engraved on the blade was small, the people in the distance felt that it was like a living dragon.

The Demon Empress frowned, her face unexpectedly full of hesitation, but it seemed like she did not plan to attack!

"Chen Xiang, you and my Ancient Wasteland Devil Sect are irreconcilable, we will not let you off today!" He took out a giant axe and dived down from the skies. At the same time, the five elders of the Ancient Wasteland Devil Sect followed closely behind him. Back then, they had all been part of the great calamity.

Chen Xiang sneered, a crafty look flashing across his eyes: "Not only will you thank me for helping you get through the Nine Nirvana Tribulations and fly to the Heavenly Demon Realm, you even want to kill me? There will be no good end to being ungrateful! "

"You are wanted by the demon god order, the tomb of the son of the demon god has been dug up, causing my Ancient Wasteland Devil Sect to lose many outstanding disciples, this is a blood feud!" Even though Jiang Tianlu had said that, his eyes that were filled with greed and ecstasy stared unwaveringly at the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword in Chen Xiang’s hands. Looking at his expression, it was as if he could obtain this divine blade at any time. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Just as Jiang Tianlu and the rest were getting close to Chen Xiang, a few sets of black Qi shot out from the ground, enveloping Jiang Tianlu and the others, and then they heard terrifying hisses coming out from within the balls of Qi.

In a few moments, Jiang Tianlu and the others were swallowed by the black qi, and then the other few balls of black qi gathered together, fusing into a humanoid form of black qi.

This person formed from black gas only had a pair of blood-red eyes, and one could hear a familiar voice coming from his body.

"Brat, I didn’t expect you to know what I’m going to do. You actually don’t intend to leave, do you want to have a fight to the death with me?" This was the voice of the Heaven Devil King.

Seeing Jiang Tianlu and the others die instantly, those people who wanted to attack Chen Xiang earlier were drenched in sweat, the Demon Empress was even secretly cursing Chen Xiang, she was almost provoked by Chen Xiang just now, but when she thought about it, she felt that Chen Xiang was doing it on purpose to scare her, so she did not go over.

"You are just an evil demon primordial spirit that has been dead for many years, using the energy you gathered here to swindle me! If you really have the ability, then you don’t need to scare people! You just want others to think you’re very strong, but if the people here join hands to deal with you, you have no chance of winning! " Chen Xiang sneered: "Otherwise, the evil energy that you have gathered for so many years will not be defeated by my blade!"

"But, you must have paid a great price for devouring those people’s strength!"

The Heaven Devil King sneered: "Nonsense, you belittled my strength only because you are afraid!"

"The one who kept saying that I’m weak seems to be you!" Chen Xiang laughed lightly, and then slashed towards Heaven Devil King.

Although the Heaven Devil King had just revived and devoured a few people, he was not weak at all. Seeing Chen Xiang’s divine blade coming at him, he did not dodge, but chose to direct a punch towards the blade instead.

Don’t look at how he was formed from the black qi, the evil qi that he released when he punched contained a very strong force that caused Chen Xiang’s divine blade to release waves of dragon roars.

Not knowing why, Chen Xiang suddenly understood the Heaven Devil King in front of him very well. Furthermore, he could feel that the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was inexplicably excited, he suspected that a long time ago, the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord used the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword to deal with this Heaven Devil King, which was why the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword had memories and passed these memories down to him.