Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The killing intent released by Chen Xiang caused the entire sky to change color, causing everyone to feel an indescribable fear.

"I want to kill you!" A large illusion suddenly appeared behind Chen Xiang. It was a large expanse of Lion Mountain.

Countless gigantic dark green Lion Mountain appeared behind Chen Xiang. At the same time, a huge wave surged out from behind the Lion Mountain and clashed against the Lion Mountain, giving rise to a huge storm.

This was the first time many experts had seen the legendary Ten Heavenly Sacred Mountain, but now, Chen Xiang had released him. Although they did not know what he wanted to do, the experts felt that this had something to do with the Heaven Earth Killing Method, because Chen Xiang’s killing intent was completely integrated into the Lion Mountain’s Tsunami Map behind him.

This was the power of the earth. No matter how strong a human was, no matter how many humans there were, in the face of the power of nature, they were all insignificant in the face of this power.

This was the Ground killing that Chen Xiang had comprehended, allowing him to simulate the power of the earth.

At this moment, the entire Sky Demon Purgatory was filled with the sounds of violent waves. The power released by the sea and the Lion Mountain, when merged together, naturally produced a kind of power, and turned into a living Spirit grain Diagram Array!

Both of Chen Xiang’s hands held onto the blade, and suddenly there was a gust of wind blowing him away, causing him to dance all over the place, he raised the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword high, and the gigantic picture of the Lion Mountain tsunami suddenly squeezed into his body, the wind between the heaven and earth became even more terrifying, and in the sky there were still some lightning bolts, causing the lightning sea Chen Xiang released earlier to blow away, and the Heaven Devil King that was inside the sea of flames was locked on by him.

"The Heaven Earth Killing Method is indeed powerful, transforming power into the power of mountains and rivers in nature, producing an irresistible might, fusing with nature, obtaining the power of nature!" The Little Demon Empress’ beautiful eyes glittered.

"You are far worse than Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, I am not afraid of you!" Although he said that, but he felt that Chen Xiang was unintentionally releasing the power of an Emperor, and his heart could not help but tremble.

"The power of the Mountains and Seas!"

Chen Xiang’s Green dragon demon-slain broadsword could have become heavier along with the increase in his strength. Now that he had simulated the power of the seas, his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was able to release the immense might and surging power of ten thousand mountains.

The clouds in the sky churned, lightning flashed, and thunder rumbled. It was as if there was a gigantic beast struggling beneath the entire ground.

A dragon’s roar suddenly sounded out, it was a sound that came from a lightning strike that pressed down on heaven and earth. On the dusky ground, a dazzling green dragon flashed towards Heaven Devil King, although it was only for a short moment, everyone felt that the dragon was real.

"If you can’t kill me in ten days in Beijing, it’s even more impossible for you... "Ahhh!" The Heaven Devil King let out a ferocious shout as he was engulfed by the green dragon. The green light around him flashed explosively, as if the green dragon was fighting against the Heaven Devil King.

A few moments later, the heaven and earth calmed down and the sound of Heaven Devil King’s fiendish laughter could be heard: "Haha ... I told you before that I would never die. Even Ten Heavens Supreme Lord could only scatter my soul back then, but I was still reborn! "

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "He is him, and I am me. He cannot not represent me! You will die today! "

His expression was calm, and the Heaven Devil King only had half of his body left. However, he was quickly recovering by absorbing the spirit energy, and the speed at which he recovered was so fast that it could be seen with the naked eye!

"Divine Sense Sea Soul Devourer!" Chen Xiang bellowed in his heart, and suddenly, a ray of golden light shot out from above his head, and then, another illusory image appeared.

It was actually a calm golden ocean. This was something Chen Xiang had suddenly realized after activating the Lion Mountain’s Tsunami Map!

The golden and calm ocean emitted a holy and holy faint golden light. Taiji yin and yang map s suddenly appeared beneath Chen Xiang’s feet, the Tai Chi diagram started to spin slowly, the golden ocean above his head was also revolving slowly.

In just a blink of an eye, their speed had increased tremendously. The experts only felt that the consciousness they had released had disappeared all of a sudden! Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Is this also Heaven Earth Killing Method? "Why is it different from the legends?" The Qin Clan’s Patriarch shouted in surprise.

"I don’t know, but it seems to be able to swallow consciousness or spirits. The Heaven Earth Killing Method contains everything, it’s hard to be sure!" Yao Shumei did not dare to use her consciousness to look at the golden colored Divine Sense Sea, otherwise her consciousness would be pulled out for some unknown reason.

The patriarch’s eyes flashed with killing intent, and said to an old man beside him: "You must kill this child!"

The Heaven Devil King roared, and after its half body sprayed onto the Golden Divine Sense Sea, it was pulled over by the whirlpool, causing Chen Xiang to engulf him.

Up till now, Chen Xiang had finally unleashed his God slain method, but he was still very unclear about it, because the God slain method and the Ground killing did not have a specific attack concept, and only relied on a sudden thought to unleash it, but the power was extremely strong!

Chen Xiang knew that the God slain method was not only a devouring, it was definitely a very strong attacking power, it was just that he had yet to comprehend it at the moment.

"I am only one in a million of the Purgatory Heavenly Demons. Don’t think that by killing me, you will be able to shake the world and rule the world here. You don’t have the power of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, so you will definitely die here ..."

The golden colored Divine Sense Sea above Chen Xiang slowly disappeared, while the golden colored soul Divine Sense Sea of Chen Xiang’s group slowly melted and devoured the newly devoured Heaven Devil King. The evil consciousness within was completely erased, leaving behind a pure soul power for him to devour!

It was over. The Heaven Devil King, who had made the experts fear for many days, was actually killed by Chen Xiang. Back then, even though they could not completely kill him in Great Yan Jing for ten days, Chen Xiang managed to do it!

That year, the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord did not have the power to suppress the devils, but Chen Xiang did. This was also the reason why he could suppress the Heaven Devil King;

"Leave the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword behind!" The patriarch of the Feng Clan shouted, and he and a few other people flew towards Chen Xiang.

At the same time, the patriarch of the Devil Race, the Leader, and the Leader came with a few elders, focusing Chen Xiang in their hearts.

Just as Gu Dongchen was about to go over, he received a sound transmission from Chen Xiang, "Don’t come over!"

"Don’t go over there!" Gu Dongchen immediately told Yao Shumei, who wanted to help, to help.

Chen Xiang kept his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and laughed sinisterly: "Please look up at the sky!"

Without Chen Xiang to shout, all of the experts felt a strange Qi in the sky suddenly, they raised their heads to look, and saw a golden mist billowing in the sky!

"This is ..." Robbery power! " An old man shouted.

Chen Xiang laughed out loud, stepping on the Shrinking step, he ran towards a direction and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

"Hurry and get out of the way, don’t let the Robbery power gather together!" The patriarch of the Feng Clan shouted as he ran in the same direction.

The people who were by Chen Xiang’s side just now were all locked on by this kind of bizarre Robbery power. This kind of Robbery power was very different from the Nirvana Doom they had encountered before.

Only Chen Xiang knew that this was his soul undergoing heavenly tribulation. After he had comprehended the God slain method, although he had only learned one move, it had allowed his soul to break through and enter a supernatural realm, summoning heavenly tribulation!

If they did not dodge, when the Robbery power gathered together and attacked one person, they would be in danger.