Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Primordial Pill God 960 – Primordial Pill God.

The Robbery power that Chen Xiang had triggered this time was extremely strange, and those few people could deeply feel that this kind of Robbery power was aimed at their souls. They had never encountered a situation where the Robbery power was aimed at their souls while they were in a transitional tribulation ...

There were very few people who cultivated the divine way, so even Long Xueyi did not know what kind of situation she would encounter along the way. Her Imperial Dragon Race’s divine way was very different from a human’s, for example, they weren’t undergoing their tribulation right now.

Chen Xiang also did not want to gather with that group of people to face the divine soul tribulation. After all, this was the first time he had encountered such a thing, and he was worried that something might happen to him. Right now, even though he had his divine soul, he could feel the terror of that Robbery power.

BOOM!

All of a sudden, a thunderous sound came from all directions, and the few people near Chen Xiang were struck by a golden bolt of lightning at the same time!

Golden lightning struck down from all four directions. The golden lightning suddenly flashed and enveloped the entire sky like a golden electric net. That domineering pressure made people feel the oppression from their souls.

Chen Xiang had originally thought that he could use the Shrinking step to dodge, but he didn’t expect that he would still be struck squarely in the middle. Like he had expected, his physical body did not receive the slightest damage, and instead his Divine Sense Sea was struck by the golden lightning.

The Divine Sense Sea was located in a very strange place in the depths of his mind, almost hidden. He did not expect the golden lightning to hit him directly.

Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea was currently fluctuating violently, his soul was also numbed by the golden lightning earlier. It had been a long time since he had suffered such an injury to his soul.

"This is not Nirvana Doom, Nirvana Doom is not like this!" The Demon Empress looked into the distance and released her divine sense to investigate the remaining power of the golden lightning, "This kind of energy is specialized to attack souls and such things. Could it be that Chen Xiang’s divine sense is undergoing a tribulation?"

The Little Demon Empress slightly opened her small mouth, her jade-like face was filled with surprise. How strong was a consciousness that could attract heavenly tribulation?

"I say, Demon Empress, as long as you know it, don’t even mention it. My Junior Martial Uncle’s foundation is almost exposed by you. It’s equivalent to having his clothes taken off by you. He wants you to take responsibility." Gu Dongchen grinned.

When the crowd heard Gu Dongchen’s words, they immediately distanced themselves from him. To dare take liberties with the Demon Empress was very dangerous, but the Demon Empress was not angry. She only asked, "Is Chen Xiang’s master really just Huang Jintian?"

"As far as I know, his master is only that crazy old man. If you don’t believe me, go and ask him! Actually, you don’t have to worry about my little martial uncle. He’s a good person, and as long as you agree, I’ll find a chance to have a good talk with him and you can dispel your worries about him! Even though your Demon Charming Association is scary, he definitely won’t do anything to kill your Spirit Demon beings. " Gu Dongchen laughed: "With your looks, enticing him to hand over the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword shouldn’t be a difficult task!"

The Demon Empress gave a light snort, "Just then, he said that he wanted to exterminate the demoness of my Demon Charming Association!"

"Demon Empress, if you let go, then please do not interfere in this matter. I will definitely snatch the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword away and also kill Chen Xiang! His Demon Suppression was like the rebirth of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, and could not be allowed to happen to him. " Black Fiend Mountain’s Bear King said coldly.

"That’s right, we must kill him!" A Devil Realm Great Leader said.

"Hehe, this is just like a guilty conscience. Although this Demon Charming Association has not committed many evil deeds, who doesn’t know what your Devil Race and the Black Fiend Mountain Evil Demon have done? You all are afraid of retaliation, but forget it, as long as Demon Charming Association does not take action against my Junior Master, you all will not be able to threaten him. " had an indifferent expression. The Demon Charming Association did indeed cause fear in others, so he wanted to help Chen Xiang resolve the Demon Empress’ doubts.

"Demon Empress, I know that your Demon Realm’s Evil Demon and Demons are very lacking in medicinal pellets, Chen Xiang is just a Alchemist, his future prospects are limitless, when he changed his name to Li Renshan, he had brought out many high grade medicinal ingredients, I believe you already understand this already." Gu Dongchen laughed: "If you decide to talk to him, I will arrange a good place for you guys. I guarantee that you won’t be disappointed, and at that time, we might be able to cooperate. Your Demon Charming Association has a lot of spiritual medicines, but it’s very difficult to refine them into pills, and you old ghosts in Pill City can’t be trusted!"

Becoming friends with Chen Xiang was indeed a good thing, but the Little Demon Empress had been schemed against by many humans over the years. She had always been like this at the beginning, so she did not trust humans at all.

In the distance, there were flashes of golden lightning, followed by the rumbling of thunder. This time, it wasn’t a single thunderbolt, but a continuous one!

The sky was covered by dark clouds, and golden lightning bolts rumbled down from all directions. There was an unending stream of thunder that shook the hearts of those who heard it.

No matter how Chen Xiang ran, he would always be struck by that golden lightning. He only felt that the Divine Sense Sea in his head was about to flip over, the golden divine power turning into seawater and violently undulated.

"Sea Suppressing Divine Dragon!" Long Xueyi’s clear voice came out.

Inside the Nine-turn dragon god mantra, the length of the Sea God Dragons suddenly appeared and he immediately started channeling his spirit power. Inside the Divine Sense Sea, there was a little golden dragon floating above the head of the soul which was exactly the same as his.

The reason the Divine Sense Sea was so stable was because his soul had suffered a violent attack. The lightning descended, and when it struck his soul again, it was all blocked by the little golden dragon.

Very quickly, his Divine Sense Sea calmed down, and the golden lightning became more and more concentrated. After being struck consecutively dozens of times, the little golden dragon was completely dispersed. Afterwards, he calmly and quickly followed the instructions on the Nine-turn dragon god mantra and condensed another small dragon on top of his soul. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

After repeating this more than ten times, when Chen Xiang tried to condense the Sea Suppressing Divine Dragon once again, he failed, but another abnormality occurred. His soul inside the Divine Sense Sea was actually wrapped up by a pearl, and when the lightning struck the pearl, it felt like it was nourishing the golden pearl, causing it to become more and more sturdy.

More than two hours passed. The ink cloud in the sky dispersed, and the golden lightning did not appear again!

Chen Xiang opened his eyes. At this moment, he looked like he had slept soundly, his spirit was extremely good, and his entire person was brimming with energy. He was like a living dragon in a great state, he had never been in such a good state before.

His Sea of Consciousness had completely evolved into Divine Sense Sea, the God Power inside was extremely dense, what he needed to do now was to expand and expand the number of Divine Sense Sea, so that they could contain even more God Power.

He could clearly see the elegant and charming face of the Little Demon Empress. He could tell with a glance how different Mu Jialan and Yao Shumei were from when they wore the same kind of clothes.

"Pride of the World Pill God 960 _ Pride of the World Pill God."