Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Arrogant Pill God!"

Chen Xiang realized that it wasn’t very difficult to refine the Heavenly Alchemy into a pill, so he didn’t need the Foreseeing Alchemy to refine it into a pill. He only followed the methods in the Heavenly Alchemy to refine the pill, and only used the methods in the Heavenly Alchemy to concoct the pellet. 13800100.

The Magic method furnace became smaller and smaller, and when the Unreal ghost eagle turned into energy fog, it became smaller and smaller. After being continuously squeezed and burned by the flames, the quality of the energy would become higher.

He could totally turn this pill into a pill, which was nothing compared to using medicinal herbs to refine pills. The reason why he took out two of these pills was so that Long Xueyi could have a taste of one pill.

The sky had already completely darkened, and the stars were densely packed in the night sky. The starlight was bright, so while Chen Xiang used the Caomu heavenly Dan’s power to absorb the starlight, he also ignited flames to roast the two balls of colorful cyclones inside the Magic method furnace that were like stars in the night sky.

If it was the way he had eaten in the past, he would have roasted the Unreal ghost eagle, but now, he had refined it into a pill to eat. Although roasting the Unreal ghost eagle to eat would be more satisfying, and the taste would also be good, but compared the energy and the speed at which it was digested, refining a pill was still better.

"Are you all right? I’m almost drooling! " Long Xueyi pursed her lips and muttered. She had waited a long time and had already asked many times.

"Not yet, this is the Heavenly Alchemy, there is still one more step to forming the core!" Chen Xiang could imagine the expression of anticipation on Long Xueyi’s face, and this made him shake his head and laugh.

"What steps?" Long Xueyi licked his lips and asked sweetly.

"To draw in the various powers in the world and refine this energy, one must go through this step before it tastes good." Behind Chen Xiang was a forest, he could absorb the wood energy from the forest into the pill furnace, at the same time, he could absorb the Spiritual Qi of Heaven and Earth and the star power in the starry sky.

At this moment, he was looking forward to the effects of the pellet more and more. After all, the ingredients used were of the highest quality. That Unreal ghost eagle was different from his other medicinal ingredients.

As Chen Xiang circulated his profound arts, the energy of the stars, the essence of nature, and the energy of heaven and earth all surged over. Through his body, they fused into the Heaven fire s, and through the method of burning flames, they fused into the energy!

This method of absorbing the various types of energy in the world was done according to the Heavenly Alchemy. He did not expect the effect to be so good, to be able to absorb so much in one go.

If the Heavenly Alchemy was easy to refine, he might have already refined that City Lord into a pill at City of the King last time. At that time, it was because he knew there were many other troublesome steps that he did not seriously refine.

In the dead of the night, it was already close to the stage of condensing a pill. Chen Xiang was very anxious, because before, when he absorbed the various energies in the world, there were a lot of movements, and this Magic method furnace was actually transparent. As this pellet became more and more refined, the resulting multicolored light became larger and larger, and he was worried that it would attract some people over.

"Are you almost ready?" At this time, Long Xueyi was like a hungry child looking at the meat broth that was being boiled in the pot.

Chen Xiang frowned his eyebrows, and said with a heavy tone: "Almost done, it’s just that it’s a bit difficult now, when we’re condensing pills, it’s not as simple as I thought!"

"Use your divine power!" Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang had already used them since long ago, the divine power he released was extremely large, the pure gold light permeated into the Magic method furnace and tightly wrapped around the two cyclones. As long as they were compressed into pills, it would be considered as a success!

It was very difficult to form the core, he had released a large amount of God Power, but he still could not push down the two cyclones. But he knew he would succeed sooner or later, because the two cyclones were slowly shrinking, but it would take a very long time to do so.

"Use all of your God Power. This is your test. No matter how strong your God Power is, you need to train more." What Long Xueyi said was the truth. If there was an empty and boundless God Power that was unable to control it easily, it would be useless in the slightest.

Chen Xiang also wanted to quickly condense a pill, so he immediately released even more divine power and turned the Magic method furnace into a pill furnace that was cast in pure gold. Golden clouds shot out in all directions, and under the night sky, it was like a peerless gem, causing the stars in the sky to lose their luster.

However, the two pellets inside the furnace did not show any signs of weakness. Under the pressure of Chen Xiang’s divine power, the pellet released a seven-colored light that was comparable to the blinding golden light, making it look extremely beautiful.

Suddenly, the ground shook slightly, Chen Xiang exclaimed: "Too powerful, those two pills can actually resist!"

Before, he had only used the Dawan refining method of the Heavenly Alchemy to refine pills, and had never used the move of Alchemy of All Things.

Even though these two pills have yet to take shape, to possess such formidable strength, it was truly astonishing! These two pellets were refined from a rare and powerful strange beast, so it was natural for them to have this kind of power!

"Evil creature, I’m not afraid of you even if you’re alive, how about you die?" Chen Xiang sneered, he suddenly felt a monstrous grievance coming out from the two pellets, releasing his Spirit power, using Soul Absorbing Devil Spell, dispersing the meaning inside.

"Hmph. You want to go against the heavens?" Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief. He did not think that the Unreal ghost eagle’s telepathic thoughts would be so powerful, to think that it would still be around even after being burnt for such a long time. It was the Unreal ghost eagle’s telepathic thoughts that caused him to grasp the power of the two pellets, thinking to counterattack.

Although the Unreal ghost eagle’s telepathic thoughts had been eliminated, the ground was shaking even more violently now. This was because the Unreal ghost eagle’s energy was too strong, and through this degree of compression, the energy became even stronger, releasing a strong pressure that shook the ground.

The area that Chen Xiang was in was shrouded in golden light. If one were to take matters into their own hands, it was very easy to find him, let alone the fact that there was an earthquake here.

"Let me handle it!" Chen Xiang roared, the golden divine power transforming into a few golden dragons, entwined with the two cyclones, tightly locking them down.

After a while, the earth calmed down, the golden light and the colorful glow disappeared, and the beautiful starlight once again took over the land while the two Unreal ghost eagle pellets had already been successfully refined!

The two thumb-sized pills in Chen Xiang’s hand, seemed to have been assembled together by a multicolored crystal. It didn’t release any multicolored light;

"It’s finally done. I never thought that the large bird would be able to refine such a beautiful bead!" Long Xueyi swallowed his saliva and rubbed his hands together in excitement. Chen Xiang immediately placed a pill into his Youyao ring.

The Unreal ghost eagle that others had painstakingly nurtured for many years had now been kneaded into two pills and snacks by him!

Chen Xiang swallowed one pellet, and felt a powerful energy undulate inside his body. Right now, it was as if he was drinking alcohol, a surge of hot air was surging into his four limbs and bones, this pellet was countless times stronger than alcohol. He could feel the warm current and energy churning and roaring in his body. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Arrogant Pill God!"