Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Pride Pill God, 965-, prideful Pill God."

"Elder Yan... "What happened?!" The moment Yao Shumei asked that question, he heard the light voice of the Demon Empress, "It’s Chen Xiang!"

Chen Xiang’s Shrinking step had reached its limit, and not long after the red robed elder stopped, he caught up. With a expressionless face, he raised his arm and slapped it towards the red robed elder who was not far away, only seeing a huge green dragon shining with a piercing green light.

Chen Xiang could feel a few waves of extremely strong resistance, one from the Demon Empress, Yao Shumei, and the other from Mu Jialan.

"Humph!" Chen Xiang roared angrily, he was not willing to surrender to these three strong energies, suddenly thousands of gigantic mountains that reached into the clouds appeared behind him. Under the night sky, these ten thousand tall mountains were enveloped in a silver white light, their sudden appearance not only gave people a strong feeling of impact, but also a strong pressure.

"The power of 10,000 mountains!"

Chen Xiang’s dragon claw suddenly grew big, the aura and power generated by the Myriad Mountains Painting behind him fiercely rushed into his body, allowing him to obtain a very strong power.

"Die!" Chen Xiang roared like a dragon, the green dragon claw was filled with overflowing killing intent, the killing intent it produced obscured the stars and moon, causing the world to turn pitch black.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The dragon claw broke through the three forces that were blocking it with unstoppable force. The dragon claw converged, shining brightly in the night, its huge dragon claw splashing out streams of green qi like a dragon dancing in the air, swallowing the mountains and rivers. The red-robed old man in the dragon claw was pressed together by a burst of force, and turned into a pile of minced meat!

"Humph, what do you mean? How dare you stop me from killing! " Chen Xiang said angrily, not at all afraid of the two female heavyweights, and the Demon Empress.

"Chen Xiang, did you not hear me call him Clan Elder Yan just now?" Yao Shumei was slightly angry, but her jade-like face remained calm. She knew that Chen Xiang would never kill her Peach Blossom Imperial Land for no reason.

"I didn’t hear it, but I do know that this guy chased me multiple times, once sending a Unreal ghost eagle. After the Unreal ghost eagle died, he personally came out, but he didn’t get anything. Instead, he was chased all the way here by me!" Chen Xiang said coldly.

"What?" The Unreal ghost eagle died? Where is the corpse!? " Yao Shumei cried out in alarm, and her beautiful face lost all color. So did Mu Jialan and the Demon Empress.

"I ate it." Chen Xiang snorted lightly, "This guy is courting death, don’t blame me!"

"You ..." The Unreal ghost eagle was an Archaic strange beast that her Peach Blossom Imperial Land had raised for many years. It took a lot of effort and effort, and every year, it would consume a lot of resources and eat a lot of spirit medicines to grow to a point where her body became transparent.

But now, it had been eaten by Chen Xiang!

The corner of Gu Dongchen’s mouth twitched, he obviously knew that the Unreal ghost eagle was very precious, but he did not expect that the outcome would actually be Chen Xiang’s indifferent "I was eaten".

"Hey, Duan Sanchang told me before, your Peach Blossom Imperial Land doesn’t want to form a feud with me, and now you are sending people to kill me? If I didn’t hear that your relationship with Dan Fragrance Pure Land and yourself were not bad, I wouldn’t be so easy to deal with right now. I can’t beat you, but you can’t! " Chen Xiang crossed his arms across his chest, his face full of anger.

Yao Shumei did not speak as he closed his eyes to eliminate the anger in his heart, but Mu Jialan only looked at him with a pair of sad and beautiful eyes.

Chen Xiang looked at the Little Demon Empress, "You are the Little Demon Empress right? But why did you attack me? "

"Madam Peach Blossom is my friend. Can’t I help her?" Her voice was gentle, but to Chen Xiang, it was ice-cold. Even she herself did not understand why, especially when Chen Xiang used a pair of thief like eyes to scan her body from top to bottom. The look in her eyes was as if she wanted to melt her pale pink dress. She had never been stared at with such boldness and rudeness before.

"This woman is probably as good as my sister in poison!" Bai Youyou sighed lightly. She suddenly missed her sister a lot, she had never missed her sister this much.

"Maybe they know each other. Can I ask her?" Chen Xiang’s heart moved as he asked for Bai Youyou’s opinion.

"Alright, just try your best not to expose me." Bai Youyou really wanted to know the news about her elder sister.

Yao Shumei opened his eyes and gently spat out a mouthful of orchid. His anger had already disappeared, and he recovered his dignified and noble attitude, using a slightly lazy and gentle voice to say: "I do not know about Elder Yan bringing the Unreal ghost eagle out, I will investigate, and that will end now!"

Gu Dongchen finally spoke. He said: "Madam Peach Blossom, if any of the other people in your Peach Blossom Imperial Land wants to use this matter to make things difficult for you, just speak. My Super Martial School will help you!"

"Wouldn’t it be fine to keep this a secret?" The Little Demon Empress said as she and Chen Xiang looked at each other.

Gu Dongchen really wanted to kick this Junior Martial Uncle. He knew that Chen Xiang could get someone as beautiful as Liu Meng’er and Hua Xiangyue, but now that he had seen the Demon Empress, his eyes never left her.

This was the first time she had met this kind of man. If it was anyone else who looked at her in this way, they would normally shift their gaze when she looked back at them. However, Chen Xiang did not.

Suddenly, a gloomy and aged voice sounded. It’s a wishful thinking, the Unreal ghost eagle that killed our Peach Blossom Imperial Land, we can’t let it go no matter what! "

The Demon Empress turned her head to look at the red clothed elderly man who was flying over and said to Chen Xiang, "Are you still not going to run? This is the Great Clan Elder of the Peach Blossom Imperial Land! "

"Why should I run? I know that someone at his level wouldn’t act against a small fry like me. If the Great Clan Elder of the Peach Blossom Imperial Land does something as big as bullying a small fry like me, if word of this gets out, the Peach Blossom Imperial Land will probably be used by others to compare himself to the Feng Clan, Flying Immortal School, and Purple Moon Imperial Land! " Chen Xiang said loudly, as if he was trying to spread these words across the entire Heaven Thunder Purgatory.

Feng Clan’s and Flying Immortal School’s reputation had indeed declined greatly. If Peach Blossom Imperial Land also followed in their footsteps, then the world would have another person to mock. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The Great Clan Elder of Peach Blossom Imperial Land had originally wanted to attack, but now he could only endure!

"Was it you who killed Jing Xingliang?" The Grand Elder asked, his voice low and sinister. As he spoke, the wrinkles on his face trembled in a very frightening manner.

"The entire Human Realm knows that I killed Jing Xingliang. How could you not know? Are you tired? You’re already half dead, so stop wasting your time! " Chen Xiang retorted back, causing the Great Clan Elder to instantly become enraged, he really wanted to kill Chen Xiang with a palm.

"Pride Pill God, 965-, prideful Pill God."