Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Arrogant Pill God 96 – Arrogant Pill God ... http:..com/ No windows.)

Jing Xingliang being the son of the Peach Blossom Imperial Land was something that everyone knew. And now, Chen Xiang was admitting it in front of the Peach Blossom Imperial Land’s and the Great Clan Elder’s eyes, clearly putting the Peach Blossom Imperial Land in a difficult position. http:..com/ No bulletproof windows.

Although Yao Shumei was a Leader, she and the Great Clan Elder were not on friendly terms. It was because she relied on her dead husband to get the Leader, and also because she was a girl, it was natural for her to be excluded from the Peach Blossom Imperial Land. Even though she was a Leader, she did not have the final say in Peach Blossom Imperial Land.

It could be said that there were two sects in Peach Blossom Imperial Land, and Yao Shumei belonged to the weaker faction. The only reason she was able to be a Leader was because the Great Clan Elder did not want her to suffer both defeat and defeat.

Chen Xiang had long known about this from Ji Meixian, so Yao Shumei was not a threat.

"Of course I will not attack you. It is not my turn to attack a member of the younger generation like you!" The Great Clan Elder of the Peach Blossom Imperial Land had an angry look on his face as he said coldly.

This Great Clan Elder’s name was He Caiyong, and many of the ancient powers knew that she was fighting against Yao Shumei. It was not the first or second day that Yao Shumei and his wife were being bullied in Peach Blossom Imperial Land, but Yao Shumei had made many friends, such as the Little Demon Empress and Gu Dongchen, who had a good relationship with her.

"You killed Jing Xingliang and the Unreal ghost eagle, you won’t be able to escape today, but we’ll give you a chance. He Caiyong had a sinister smile on his face. Chen Xiang could sense that there were more than ten experts present, and they were all hiding in secret to prevent him from escaping.

Chen Xiang felt disdain in his heart. If he were to run, the person in front of him would not be able to stop him at all. Back then, when he went to the Sacred Dan Realm to snatch the Chaos fire, he had to take the risk and step into that dangerous situation.

"Great Clan Elder, leave this matter to me, you better not push Peach Blossom Imperial Land into a pit of fire!" She was only making the right choice. If she and the Great Clan Elder were to be enemies with Chen Xiang today, allowing Chen Xiang to escape successfully, their Peach Blossom Imperial Land would be the same as the Feng Clan and would be met with endless vengeance.

"Hmph, what kind of waves can a little brat create? Feng Clan and the rest were just too careless, that’s why they were tricked so many times by this little demon, I will not make their mistakes! " What He Caiyong cared about was Chen Xiang’s Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. As long as he could obtain this divine blade, his future would be limitless, and he might even be able to become a Leader.

"Yang Yi, I’ll leave this brat to you!" He Caiyong said lightly.

Hearing He Caiyong’s words, the complexions of both Mu Jialan and Yao Shumei changed. They clearly knew who Yang Yi was, and he seemed to be an extraordinary one as well.

Chen Xiang suddenly felt a ripple in space, he only saw a person appearing beside He Caiyong, holding a purple sword, the sword blade was engraved with a purple dragon, the Spirit grain were densely packed, at the end of the sword hilt was a dragon head that was absorbing purple fire, with one look, one could tell that this sword was not an ordinary sword.

"Master, do you want to die or live?" Yang Yi asked woodenly.

Chen Xiang looked at the person called Yang Yi, he was dressed in black, and was extremely handsome. The only bad thing was, he looked like a cold dead person, his face was as though he was frozen, and when his eyes looked at other people, they would carry a deep disdain, as though he deserved to be beaten.

"It doesn’t matter if he lives or dies. Just take his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword." He Caiyong looked at Chen Xiang, "Do you dare to fight against the new Son of Heaven of our Peach Blossom Imperial Land? If you lose, hand over the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword! "

"If I win, let me go? Right? " Chen Xiang gave a cold laugh, "Do you really think you can trap me?"

"Don’t be so arrogant. With my master here, you have no chance of survival. Battling me is your only hope, but it’s very small!" If you are willing to obediently offer up the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and kowtow to our Peach Blossom Imperial Land to apologize and become my master’s slave, you might still be able to live a little longer! " Yang Yi said indifferently, as though he was less than an ant.

The Demon Empress looked at Gu Dongchen, indicating that she should help Chen Xiang. However, when she saw that Gu Dongchen did not seem to be concerned with himself, she knew that Gu Dongchen was not worried at all about his Junior Master.

However, Yao Shumei’s expression was still very heavy. She clearly knew the root of this Yang Yi’s strength.

"Who do you think your master is? You want me to be his slave? I didn’t like him carrying my shoes! Who the hell are you? You think that you can slash me with a Divine Sword? " Chen Xiang looked like he did not care at all. He really did not put Yang Yi in his eyes, "You are the arrogant ones, even the Demon Empress here does not have a hundred percent chance of stopping me. Are you guys stronger than the Demon Empress? Then why not fight with the Demon Empress and get her to hand over her most precious treasure? "

"You bandits, you see others have treasures, and then you stop them from fighting with others. If you win, that’s yours. If you lose, then you let them go. Isn’t that just a waste of money?"

He Caiyong said angrily: "That’s because you killed our former son, Jing Xingliang, and our Peach Blossom Imperial Land’s precious beast, the Unreal ghost eagle!"

Chen Xiang refuted loudly: "Jing Xingliang deserved to die, your heavenly woman can testify that he made a move on me first. Do you think you have nothing better to do? As for that Unreal ghost eagle, you guys do not have high hopes for it, if you let it attack me, that would be seeking death! " Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"If others want to deal with me, I have to resist! If I slap your left cheek, will you stretch your right cheek over for me to slap? "

"No matter what, you have to hand over the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. This level of divine tool cannot fall into your hands!" He Caiyong was in the wrong as he shouted loudly.

"No matter what, you have to cut off your head. A person like you doesn’t deserve a person’s mind!" Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "I can even speak such bullshit!"

"Attack!" He Caiyong said to Yang Yi in a low voice.

Yang Yi suddenly disappeared, Chen Xiang only sensed a very weak ripple in space, then Yang Yi’s Qi would completely disappear!

"This Yang Yi is born with a special technique, he can hide in the void of space. He can travel through those void spaces, you better be careful!" Mu Jialan reminded Chen Xiang, "His own strength is about the same as mine, but he possesses such a powerful spatial technique, I am not his opponent!"

"Pride of the world, prideful god of pills, prideful god of pills, prideful god of all things."