Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The Purple Moon floated in the air, both of its eyes emitting a purple light of killing intent. Looking carefully, one could also see that it was slowly descending ... 13800100.

"Duan Chong, looks like you survived a great calamity, to think that you actually learned the Purgatory Vermilion Bird. But that’s fine too, today I will capture you together with that brat!" Two balls of purple light appeared under the Purple Moon’s feet. It looked like he was stepping on two purple balls.

"Break!"

The Purple Moon did not continue to resist the suction force from the Purgatory Vermilion Bird and fiercely descended. The two purple light balls beneath its feet fiercely smashed into the ground, causing the ground to shake violently as the area where it had just engulfed the purple flame beast had suddenly cracked open. Waves of purple light leaked out from the ground, as if a large amount of purple lava was gushing out from the ground.

The ground three thousand meters around the Purple Moon cracked open, purple light shot out from the cracks one after another, followed by the simultaneous cries of ten thousand beasts coming from the ground. All of the cracks in the ground were shattered by the sound of the roars, and many vicious purple flame beasts came out from the ground, rushing forward in a domineering manner.

Chen Xiang watched in shock. The strength of this Purple Moon was simply too strong, he had seen Feng Clan s, Flying Immortal School s ... felt that this Purple Moon was even stronger than Zhao Yiprofound, and should be on the same level as the Demon Empress!

The Purple Moon looked very young, and must be someone whose cultivation had increased by leaps and bounds, but why would he appear here? This kind of person should have flown up a long time ago, moreover, he was very familiar with Duan Chong.

"I don’t only have control over the Purgatory Vermilion Bird!" Duan Chong’s face was now extremely serious. Seeing his serious look, Chen Xiang immediately made mental preparations, and this sloppy old man became serious. He should be very powerful.

"Purgatory Evil Dragon, appear!" Green veins popped out from Duan Chong’s face, his eyes staring straight ahead, the withered old man’s body suddenly swelled up, he looked extremely intrepid, the bulging of his body caused his clothes to burst, revealing his muscles, the ground behind him started to crack, lines of red-eyed two-headed dragons roared out from the cracks, their mouths spitting out black Evil Qi.

In the blink of an eye, over a thousand gigantic dragons with bodies as large as mountains appeared behind Duan Chong. Their thick bodies were filled with deep black scales that shot out evil energy in all directions.

"Hurry up and leave, this level of battle will affect you!" Su Meiyao shouted.

"This old fellow is really amazing!" Chen Xiang exclaimed, he turned and ran, and at the same time, the thousand evil dragons flew towards the ten thousand purple flame beasts, in that moment when both sides clashed, it made people feel like the entire Heaven Thunder Purgatory was being destroyed.

Chen Xiang quickly left the battlefield. Although he could not see what was happening behind him, he could still hear terrifying sounds and vibrations from that place. He knew that the fierce battle had only just begun. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"It should be the modifications made by the Beast Slain Method!" Chen Xiang guessed, although he did not have the Beast Slain Method, it was very similar to the description inside the Ground killing.

Beast Slain Method is relatively easy to learn, moreover, it is what Ten Heavens Supreme Lord is most proficient in, he is a lion in the first place! Back then, the ancestors of the ancient powers were all followers of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, so the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord must have taught them many improved and easy-to-learn Heaven Earth Killing Method s. " Long Xueyi said: "I feel that some of the techniques in our Imperial Dragon Race have the shadow of the Heaven Earth Killing Method."

Now that Chen Xiang caused such a commotion, and he did not expect that Purple Moon Imperial Land’s Leader would actually be such a strong person, he did not dare find Gu Dongchen and the others right now, in case there was an ambush.

Chen Xiang felt that this was the name given to this place a long time ago. Duan Sanchang’s grandfather, Duan Chong, had been here for a long time and had learned two powerful skills, the Purgatory Vermilion Bird and the Purgatory Evil Dragon.

The White Tiger had also said that this was a trap set up for the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord by a mysterious and powerful force back then.

Chen Xiang wandered around here for three days. Other than running into a few fierce beasts, he did not discover anything else.

The sky had just begun to brighten when Chen Xiang slept on top of a tree. When he jumped down, he saw Duan Chong smiling at him.

Chen Xiang was shocked, he regained his senses and asked: "Senior, are you done fighting?"

Duan Chong had already changed into a clean set of black clothes. He played with his messy white hair and sighed: "We were evenly matched, but I still had the chance to win. Who would have thought that a fellow who claims to be from the Ghost Sage would suddenly appear with a large group of people who are neither human nor ghost, killing everyone here. The one leading the group is very strong, so we can only end it for now and go deal with those things.

Ghost Sage? There was another Heaven Devil King from before, how many strange and powerful fellows were there in this Heaven Thunder Purgatory?

"Senior, you have been here for so long, do you not know the background of that Ghost Sage?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know, but I know about the Sky Demons! However, that fellow seemed to have been annihilated, his army of Sky Demons is currently in a mess, and there were even a few Sky Demons that appeared to fight to be the ruler, and then a few Heaven Devil King s appeared! " Duan Chong said with a helpless expression on his face, "This group of Sky Demons is not much of a threat, but the Ghost Sage that just appeared is quite impressive. If this Heaven Thunder Purgatory can be used by outsiders to easily enter, then there must be something fishy."

"Then they won’t come after us, right?" Chen Xiang was a little worried about that fellow called Ghost Sage.

"What are you afraid of? Even if you come, I can give you some time to run away." Duan Chong patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder and laughed: "You can obtain the entire Ground killing, your future will be limitless! The Purgatory Killing Technique was only modified from the Ground killing, while the Purple Moon’s Purple Moon Beast Killing technique was modified from the Beast Slain Method. "

Chen Xiang nodded, he had guessed it right before.

"Senior, why would a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword appear in the Chen Martial Continent?" Chen Xiang asked, this was the answer he always wanted to know.

"I’m not too sure either. I only know that Ten Heavens Supreme Lord had his two good friends hide the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword back then." Duan Chong shook his head.

Chen Xiang thought for a while, then asked: "Who are Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s two friends?"

Duan Chong recalled the historical fragments he had obtained: "A dragon and a Flame Lion ..."

"As expected!" took a deep breath. A lion is that Super Old Fire Beast, the Super Old Fire Beast said before that he was sealed up by a dragon that was related to the Imperial Dragon Race.

Chen Xiang remembered that to enter the Core of the Earth from the You Ming Deep Abyss, he had to use a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. The reason he had obtained the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and the profoundwu diamond armour was all because of the Four-phase Magic Kungfu, and the Four-phase Magic Kungfu came from the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, which was also passed down from the Imperial Dragon Race!

It was not hard to guess that the people who had established the profound Realm and the path to the core of the earth should be the Super Old Fire Beast and that dragon.