Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The number of people inside the Heaven Thunder Purgatory grew larger and larger. The news that Chen Xiang had asked him to release had already spread throughout the entire Human Realm, and it was hard for those large powers to hide it even if they wanted to. Moreover, they were quite safe when they came in, and would only be struck by lightning if they were unlucky. http:..com/ No bulletproof windows. /:

This way, the big powers would find it difficult to enslave the rogue cultivators to do their work for them, and because Chen Xiang had saved a group of them, the evil deeds of the ancient powers would be known to everyone, and once those people left the Heaven Thunder Purgatory, the reputation of the ancient powers would spread far and wide.

Although rogue cultivators didn’t have any power, they were the largest group. Now that the ancient powers were bullying them like this, they would definitely join forces. If they let those rogue cultivators with the surname of ’blood’ find out, they might be oppressed.

Chen Xiang and Duan Chong were currently at the gathering place for itinerant cultivators, and wanted to find out some news about the Purple Moon Imperial Land. It made him a little unhappy to have such a powerful Leader, he wanted to secretly cut the Purple Moon Imperial Land down and cause heavy losses for it.

The rogue cultivators rushed into Heaven Thunder Purgatory like the tide, because there were many Sparite vein here, with luck, they could hunt pretty good demon beasts or obtain some genius treasures, it could be said that this place was filled with treasures, some business savvy people even organized a group of people to take the materials, and quickly build a city here, a house!

Chen Xiang and Duan Chong were in a semi-finished city. Although the entire city was only normally completed, there were a lot of people already.

There were already a lot of people gathered inside the Heaven Thunder City. After the Heaven Thunder City’s ban was lifted, many people gathered around.

"Elder Duan, what exactly do you have to do here?" Chen Xiang used a pill to exchange for a small house. The Heaven Thunder Purgatory would not close soon, so he had to stay here for a while. Right now, he and Duan Chong were in the small house.

In the small courtyard, Duan Chong frowned and sighed: "To tell you the truth, I can’t leave for the time being. There’s a very mysterious power in this damn place that has trapped me here, I can’t leave through that tunnel! And every once in a while, I get attacked by a power that is similar to Nirvana Doom! "

"Oh?" Chen Xiang did not expect what the White Tiger said to be true. No wonder he did not allow Yan Yanran and the others to come. He guessed that some kind of power here could sense the bloodlines and make a judgment from them, trapping these people.

Duan Chong laughed and said with complete optimism: "But nothing will happen to me. My Duan Clan can be said to be the best in the world to flee for our lives, and the reason why my strength has increased by leaps and bounds over the years is all thanks to those ridiculous attacks."

Chen Xiang said: "This place has special powers to deal with the descendants of the loyal subjects in the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord. Fortunately, I did not let the intestines enter, that brat had already found the clue you left behind, and almost came here."

Duan Chong anxiously said: "Don’t ever let my Duan Clan’s men in. We were already cursed, and coming in here will only make things worse. But this guy is not bad, he actually managed to dig the grave of the Flying Immortal School! "

Chen Xiang didn’t know whether to laugh or cry: "You’re hurting him. He’s the one who did this. He’s being kicked out of the Duan Clan right now, or else the Duan Clan will be in trouble."

"What’s wrong with that? I’ve also experienced this kind of thing back then, and being kicked out is a good thing. In the future, this kid can’t blame the Duan Clan for anything!" If he has the ability to dig the grave of the Flying Immortal School, then he has the ability to dig the grave of the ancestor of other traitors.

Duan Sanchang was already an elder of the Dragon Subduing School, and the people inside the Dragon Subduing School were people who could cause great trouble. If others were to find out that they had gathered together, there would definitely be many old fellows who would find it difficult to sleep.

"Elder Duan, do you think that it’s possible for the Celestial Slain Method to be hidden here?" Chen Xiang asked, Duan Chong had been in here for so long, he must know something about this place.

Duan Chong was startled, he did not expect Chen Xiang to ask that, because this was also the reason he came here before, he was not afraid that the Celestial Slain Method could be obtained by Chen Xiang, as it all depended on luck to obtain the Celestial Slain Method, he felt that Chen Xiang himself possessed the Ground killing and the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, it was very possible that he could find the Celestial Slain Method in here.

I came here to look for this thing, I also got some clues from the tomb of the Flying Immortal School’s old ancestor. When that old fellow died, he brought a book with him, which recorded down some trivial things. Duan Chong lowered her voice and continued, "At that time, Ten Heavens Supreme Lord brought many people in, and they were almost completely annihilated, causing Ten Heavens Supreme Lord to retreat after being heavily injured. I’m not too sure about the specifics, but after being heavily injured, Ten Heavens Supreme Lord returned three years later!"

"Could it be that he came here to hide the Celestial Slain Method? Why is that? This is his place, and could be said to be the enemy’s territory. It’s very unlikely that he would come here to store such an important thing! " Chen Xiang shook his head.

Duan Chong nodded his head: "That was what I had thought initially, but that old fellow from Flying Immortal School had recorded that Ten Heavens Supreme Lord had entered here to set up an ambush, using the Celestial Slain Method to attract people, and had let many traitors come to look for him. This caused a bloodbath once again, and many big fellows from the traitor powers died here."

"Oh right, where did you get your Ground killing from?"

Chen Xiang grinned: "I won it?"

"You won it?" Duan Chong’s face was full of doubt.

Chen Xiang briefly described the matter of the bet.

"This idiot actually dares to use such a thing to gamble. But even if he wants to come, it’s useless. Those without courage will only be courting death if they learn this thing!" Duan Chong looked at Chen Xiang and asked, "Have you been to the Ten Heavenly Sacred Mountain? "Did you find anything in there?"

Chen Xiang replied, "Found the God slain method and the Heavenly Alchemy."

Duan Chong took a deep breath. "These are all good stuff, don’t let anyone know that you have Heavenly Alchemy, and it’s best if you don’t use it for others to see. This is a taboo, you should be clear about that!" 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Chen Xiang was stunned. After thinking about it carefully, this was indeed a taboo, it could refine all things into pills. If people were to be discovered refining them into pills, they would definitely be wanted by the Three Realms.

"This thing is more powerful than Heaven Earth Killing Method, even though it’s a divine art! There were several levels of divine arts as well, but for many people, the lowest level of divine arts was extremely precious! And the Heavenly Alchemy can be considered a higher level divine art, the Heaven Earth Killing Method is slightly lower! " Duan Chong warned Chen Xiang with a serious face.

"So that’s how it is. No wonder the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord said that he only learnt a few of them and did not learn them fully!" Chen Xiang nodded heavily.