Previously, when Duan Chong had left, he had warned Chen Xiang not to provoke this Purple Moon!

After Chen Xiang heavily injured and killed the old man from Purple Moon Imperial Land, it was obviously not a coincidence that the Purple Moon suddenly appeared!

Everyone suddenly understood that the Purple Moon Imperial Land had intentionally sent people here, if any of them dared to retaliate, the powerful Leader would appear and kill them, and with the strength of the Purple Moon, even the strongest of the rogue cultivators would not be able to fight against it!

The Purple Moon actually wanted to use such a strong and bloody method to quell the situation. Everyone shuddered when they thought about it, the Purple Moon was very strong, with a raise of its hand, it could exterminate the entire city, it could kill all the rogue cultivators, and at that time, there would be no one who could suppress it. http:..com/ No bulletproof windows. /

The Purple Moon was shrouded in a layer of faint purple mist. Others could see his face, but Chen Xiang knew that he was a delicate and pretty man.

Chen Xiang’s forehead was dripping with sweat. This Purple Moon was not simple, but he was still able to remain calm, which made the Purple Moon admire him.

"Leader, quickly kill him and take away his divine blade!" A disciple of the Purple Moon Sect pointed at Chen Xiang and said with a sinister look in his eyes.

"Humph!" Chen Xiang glared at the disciple of the Zi Yue Sect who spoke just now. Two beams of fiery light shot out from his eyes, piercing through the man’s head.

Chen Xiang’s attack made him feel that it was very familiar. He felt that it was similar to the Heart Piercing Demon Eye of the Heavenly Demon Realm, but that was not the case. If it was a Heart Piercing Demon Eye, then it would be even more terrifying.

But even if it wasn’t, he was still unable to stop Chen Xiang because that happened in an instant.

"You ..." The Purple Moon was enraged that there was actually someone who killed its disciple in front of him. This was undoubtedly a fierce slap on its face.

Everyone gulped their saliva. Everyone knew that the Purple Moon s that descended from the Heaven Realm were different from the immortals who had just passed through the Nirvana Doom, they were all extremely powerful, comparable to the Demon Empress. Chen Xiang was simply not his match, yet Chen Xiang still dared to do such a bold thing to enrage him.

The Purple Moon’s fists trembled, purple qi surged, the previously cloudless sky was suddenly enveloped by the black clouds, and a purple moon floated above the Purple Moon’s head, releasing a gloomy and terrifying killing intent. The purple moonlight shone down onto the city, and made the city seem as though it was enveloped in the light of death, causing the entire city to slightly tremble, and everyone present could hear the bone chilling beast’s roar!

Chen Xiang’s forehead was drenched in cold sweat. Using this technique, the Purple Moon could create many fierce and huge beasts. If they attacked this city, most of the people here would die.

"Are you going to destroy this city?" an old man roared in the air.

"That’s right, you are just a bunch of lowly insect ants. You actually want to resist us? You still dare to slander us as evil sects, today I will massacre this place, and if anyone dares to call us Purple Moon Imperial Land anymore, I will annihilate them! " The Purple Moon’s words made everyone extremely angry, and they all fled. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Dark clouds covered the sky densely, and purple lightning flickered. The round purple moon seemed to have a layer of blood energy, making it appear extremely terrifying. It shook the entire city to the point that it was surrounded by mountainous vicious beasts.

"I want to see all of you die slowly, haha ..." The sinister laughter of the Purple Moon caused everyone to feel cold, no one was its opponent, and he did not attack Chen Xiang either, standing right in front of him.

"Don’t you have a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword? I am an evil monster now, come and kill me! " The Purple Moon’s voice was filled with ridicule: "I will make you watch me kill these people bit by bit, and I will make them die miserably, but you won’t be able to save them! You possess the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, but you cannot use this blade to kill demons. I will let the whole world know that you do not deserve to use this blade! "

The muscles on Chen Xiang’s face twitched, but his eyes remained calm as he looked at the Purple Moon. The gigantic beasts had already approached the group of people, and everyone was blocked by a purple light screen.

High in the sky, Gu Dongchen roared furiously as she frantically attacked the purple light barrier. "Purple Moon Imperial Land, if you do this today, you will know how serious the consequences will be!"

"Demon Empress, is there really no other way?" Yao Shumei saw the Demon Empress’ helpless face and asked anxiously.

"This enchantment is called the Blood Sacrifice Barrier. This fellow had paid a great price to release it. Unless it was the blood light, I wouldn’t be able to break through it in a short period of time!" The Demon Empress was also secretly trying to attack.

When Gu Dongchen and the rest received the news, they immediately rushed over, but they were still a step too late.

"Purple Moon, if you kill the people inside, your Purple Moon Imperial Land won’t be able to live for long." The Demon Empress said.

"Hmph, other than you, who else in Di Tian can contend against me?" Even if it’s you, Demon Empress, you aren’t completely confident in being able to kill me, right? "What am I afraid of?" Then, he continued to look at Chen Xiang as he smiled sinisterly: "Chen Xiang, now you know that you aren’t worthy of using Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, right? Hand over the Divine Blade and I will let these people live, otherwise I will let them die with you! "

Chen Xiang took a deep breath, then said calmly: "You’re really ruthless!"

If the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword fell into the hands of this Purple Moon, then their Demon Charming Association would be in trouble. With the Purple Moon’s personality, it would definitely not be so easy to deal with.

"This is tens of thousands of lives! Didn’t you save some of them before? Now, are you unwilling to save them for the sake of a blade? " The Purple Moon laughed wildly.

At this moment, everyone knew that Chen Xiang had been forced into an extremely difficult situation. Everyone was thinking, what choice would they make if they were to face such a situation?

What made everyone admire the most was that Chen Xiang remained calm and scary, but that was only showing a slightly angry expression on his face!

The group of vicious beasts suddenly roared together. The deafening roars of ten thousand beasts made everyone tremble. They were about to kill these Purple Flame vicious beasts!

"There will definitely be people dying here today, but the ones who died were you and those little bastards behind you!" Suddenly, a order badge appeared in Chen Xiang’s hand, the order badge was engraved with many ancient Spirit grain s.

It really was the Chaos fire! When the Chaos fire recognizes the master, it will release the protective divine light. Those who are hit by the divine light will not be able to move for a short period of time, Chen Xiang previously used two, he still has five he did not use. He used them to save them for when he was surrounded by many experts in the Heaven Realm!

In his opinion, using a piece of Chaos fire to kill only one expert was not worth it!

"Hmph, let’s see what you can do." The Purple Moon did not think so.

Chen Xiang frowned, he suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood on the order badge. Everyone was startled, they suspected that Chen Xiang was trying to commit suicide, or self-destruct!

But just as everyone was making all sorts of guesses, the Chaos fire emitted a burst of silvery-white light, and the people who were enveloped by the light were instantly all like stone statues, unable to move!

"I’ve said it before, there’s only you and that little bastard behind you here!" Chen Xiang’s voice was cold, the Slaughter God’s Hand overflowed with white light, causing his palm to turn into a sharp tiger claw, then fiercely stabbed into the Purple Moon Imperial Land’s Dantian, grabbing the purple heavenly pill from inside!

The silver white light emitted by the Chaos fire dispersed and the Purple Moon sat on the ground. A new blood hole appeared on its abdomen, and blood was flowing out of it. The originally white and tender him immediately turned into an old man, his old eyes filled with shock and fear.

The heaven and earth returned to normal, but the Heaven Pellet in Chen Xiang’s hands was especially glaring, the world became extremely quiet. Everyone found it unbelievable, Chen Xiang actually took out the Purple Moon’s Heaven Pellet, under the blazing sun, everyone shivered, and now Chen Xiang was even more terrifying in their eyes than the Purple Moon!