Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

From the conversation between Yun Xiaodao and the others, they knew that Duan Chong was very powerful, so they did not interrupt him.

"Old Man Duan, these are my friends. I hope you can give them some pointers. It’s best if they come and go without a trace like your Duan Clan’s tomb robbers." Chen Xiang laughed.

It was actually a member of the Duan Clan, this caused Zhu Rong and the others to be shocked. The Duan Clan’s old man was extremely powerful, if not, many great powers would not dare to make a move against their small group of a dozen or so people.

"This won’t do, our Duan Clan’s secret arts cannot be spread out!" Duan Chong shook his head: "Because of the things this Ten Heavens Supreme Lord passed down to us all those years ago, he had instructed us not to spread it to anyone!"

Chen Xiang thought for a while, then asked: "Elder Duan, have you heard of the Iron-Lion Army?"

"Of course we have. Almost every ancient power’s ancient book has recorded this Army of God. Their ancestors and our ancestors were sworn brothers of Jinlan, but they weren’t as lucky as us. They have already suffered a terrifying curse, so they should have all died tragically." Duan Chong sighed.

"They are not dead. They are working for me. However, their curse has not been removed!" Chen Xiang immediately said. As expected, the relationship between the Duan Clan’s Earth’s Core Race s was not ordinary.

Duan Chong immediately became excited: "Is what you said true? "Where are they?" RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Chen Xiang laughed: "They are at the bottom of Evil Dragon Graveyard, Evil Dragon Graveyard is a dragon vein, I found them there!"

"What?" Duan Chong’s eyes opened, his body fiercely shivered, he was extremely shocked.

Yun Xiaodao and the others also listened quietly, they were very curious about how Chen Xiang had obtained the dragon fountain. Initially, when they heard that there was a Dragon Subduing School in the Evil Dragon Graveyard, they were very excited, and they knew that the Dragon Subduing School would become a very powerful sect in the future.

"How did you get the dragon fountain?" Duan Chong didn’t dare be sure right now, he wanted to hear what had happened.

"Imperial Crystal!" Chen Xiang said, "At that time, when I went in, because I had a Imperial Crystal, fusing with the dragon pearl was very easy ..."

Afterwards, Chen Xiang explained the situation of the dragon vein underground, the naturally formed majestic dragon underground, and the Earth’s Core Race’s godly work. Yun Xiaodao and the others were amazed.

Duan Chong was sure that what Chen Xiang said was true, because he only found out about these things after being in the Duan Clan for many years, and Chen Xiang knew it more than him.

"In that case, the Iron-Lion Army has already followed you! "Well, I’ll teach these kids." Duan Chong’s face became serious, and said to Chen Xiang: "My Duan Clan still cannot follow you, because we need to gather all of that history. That is a very important matter, otherwise, our Duan Clan would not make such a huge sacrifice, and this would be beneficial to you in the future!"

Chen Xiang nodded, "Chang Zi will follow me."

Duan Chong swept his gaze across Yun Xiaodao and the others. Then, he squinted his eyes as his face revealed a trace of a smile, "These are all pretty good seedlings. Hmm, the Great Strength Race is not bad too. As for these brats, although they do not have any special bloodline inheritances, their body’s foundation is not bad, and there’s a lot of room for improvement in the future! "

Just as Yun Xiaodao and the others were feeling complacent, Duan Chong’s face darkened and became a little sinister. "Although your aptitudes are good, that does not mean that your aptitudes can be very good! I think your current foundation is not solid enough, so I have to properly fix it for you, otherwise you will waste this good skin. "

The corner of Zhu Rong’s eyebrows twitched, and he forcefully smiled: "Back then, that’s what the old lunatic said as well, then we got into trouble!"

Let me tell you, the elders of the Dragon Subduing School are all very strong. If you guys don’t work hard, you won’t be able to become elders. Chen Xiang gave them some stimulation.

"Old senior, come at me! What have I not experienced in Great Strength Race before? " Xiao Chou was not afraid at all. He raised his head and puffed up his chest, his bald head shining as he looked very proud and arrogant.

Duan Chong laughed sinisterly: "At that time, a few of the more highly regarded members of our Duan Clan also said the same thing, but in the end, they were still made to cry by me."

"Come with me. I will take you to a good place. Once you get there, you will know the difference between you and others!"

Chen Xiang and the others followed Duan Chong and ran for three days and three nights, until they arrived beside a pool. This pool was located in a very special place, and was located in a large mountain.

The pool was at the top of a short mountain.

"Right here? Don’t tell me you want us to close our eyes and cultivate in the deep water? We’ve already done it. " Xiao Chou was a little disappointed.

Chen Xiang looked at the pool carefully. The pool was not big, it was about a hundred metres wide and it was clear. There was nothing wrong with it.

"This is called Thunder Pond, you will know when you get down there. This is a good place especially for body strengthening, our Duan Clan’s secret arts can only be learned by someone with a good body, but you guys are still lacking a little." Duan Chong laughed.

Yun Xiaodao took off his jacket: How powerful is it? After he finished speaking, he jumped down. The moment he touched the water, he suddenly let out a blood-curdling screech, and like a live fish falling into a hot pot, he jumped out. His entire body was charred black by the electricity!

"We can train your bodies here, train your ability to control the Innate Qi, and control your Qi!" Duan Chong said as he jumped into the pool of water and immersed himself in the water, leaving only his head exposed. Yun Xiaodao trembled when he saw this, he almost died just by touching it, yet this old fellow was still soaking in it.

Chen Xiang patted Xiao Chou’s head and laughed: "Little baldy, it’s your turn to go down. Didn’t you say earlier that you aren’t afraid of the heavens or the earth?"

At this time, Teng Ying had already walked down. Right after he went down, he let out a loud roar that seemed to be able to tear apart the sky, but like before, he still followed Duan Chong’s example and soaked himself in the water, only his head was exposed, but his face was filled with pain!

The Kylin thunder eagle’s body was the strongest amongst their group, but it was already like this, causing Zhu Rong’s scalp to go numb.

Yun Xiaodao looked at his body full of fat and couldn’t help but laugh.

Xiao Chou followed after Teng Ying, and just met him, he immediately roared out in pain, but he clenched his teeth and soaked in the water, but at this time, Teng Ying was already unable to say anything, and jumped out from the water.

After that was Xv Weilong. His endurance made many people surprised, and he did not make a sound, frowning as he soaked in the water for a while before coming up again. On the other hand, Lian Mingdong had only made a series of low sounds, which were all better than Yun Xiaodao’s.

Of course, Yun Xiaodao had jumped down in one breath, he wasn’t prepared at all, but they had all walked down slowly, so they weren’t in a sorry state like Yun Xiaodao.

"Damned pig, it’s your turn! You don’t have to be afraid, this dead pig isn’t afraid of boiling water, this Thunder Pond shouldn’t be able to do anything to you. " Yun Xiaodao laughed.