Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After Duan Chong got up there, he told this matter to Yun Xiaodao and the others. /

"I never thought that the Elder Brother Shen would be able to pass through that barrier. As long as he comes up, we’ll know the secret below!" Yun Xiaodao said.

Duan Chong nodded, he was also very interested to know what kind of major discovery Chen Xiang would make, and he felt that inside this Heaven Thunder Purgatory, this Thunder Pond was the most mysterious place, and also the place where he was unable to delve into.

If he chose the wrong one, he would swim below for a year or two, and perhaps return to his original position. Fortunately, he had a strong divine power, allowing him to carefully observe the changes in space, and from there, find the right direction to go forward. However, he still needed a long time to figure out what was going on.

In the blink of an eye, Yun Xiaodao and the others had been cultivating in the Thunder Pond for over a month.

"I can already persevere for one day. Continue to work hard, and it would be best if I can reach my desired goal before the Three Realms Talk you all mentioned earlier." Duan Chong was together with Yun Xiaodao and the others, listening to their narration of what had happened outside. Right now, he understood Chen Xiang a lot, and was extremely surprised by the things that Chen Xiang had done.

"Elder Duan, what kind of thing is the Heaven Devil King that Chen Xiang killed? Is there a lot of this stuff here? " Yun Xiaodao had heard that the Heaven Devil King was able to intimidate outstanding talents, and even people of the Demon Empress’ level did not dare to contend against him, but they were actually killed by Chen Xiang.

"I don’t know what it is either! There aren’t many of these here, but it’s just the number of Sovereign Kings is very few. If it’s the lesser Sky Demons, then there are still a lot of them. Duan Chong said: "Don’t worry too much about these Sky Demons, what’s worth noting is that guy called Ghost Sage. When I was fighting with the Purple Moon back then, this bastard suddenly ran out and got attacked by us!"

"This damned place really has many secrets, but the resources here are very abundant!" Zhu Rong said: "He raised his head to look at the blue sky, his face was filled with worry, he was worried that a Ghost Sage would suddenly appear."

"You don’t have to stay here forever, what are you afraid of? I still do not know how long I will be trapped here, but I have yet to figure out the reason behind the Heaven Thunder Purgatory’s barrier becoming weak! According to the way this Heaven Thunder Purgatory operates, it will take me at least ten thousand years to become weak. When I first came in that year, I still did not show any signs of weakening! " Duan Chong was also extremely worried, "I was worried that a few terrifying things would grow up here. This was the last big battle that Ten Heavens Supreme Lord led all his subordinates into, and it was also the battle to end the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s empire!"

Teng Ying said: "But it doesn’t look like a war has happened here. The Great Devil Mountains was the site of the Human-Demon War back then, and there are traces that would not be erased!"

Lian Mingdong said: "That’s right, this is more like a resource-rich fairyland. Even though there are a few beasts and things like that, but we have not encountered anything life-threatening.

"I wonder how Chen Xiang is doing down there, I can only wait for him to come up and see if he has any clues!" Xv Weilong said.

"Will anything happen to Master?" Xiao Chou was extremely worried.

Duan Chong laughed: "Don’t worry, Chen Xiang will be fine, this brat is much stronger than we have imagined. It’s not like you guys don’t know about him killing Purple Moon, it wouldn’t be easy for me to kill that guy."

Chen Xiang would definitely be fine, but he would be lost in that chaotic space, which was even scarier and more complicated than the one he met in Demon and Devil Sinkhole last time. Inside this space, the direction would change randomly and without any pattern, so he no longer knew where he was in this space, and he was also far away from that shiny rock.

What was even worse was that he was tortured by the rich Thunder power down there. This energy could seep into people like his profoundwu diamond armour, and although it did not have much of an impact, it made him feel very uncomfortable.

In the dark blue sky, a black cloud suddenly floated over, the black cloud churned up, surging with waves of tyrannical Evil Qi. However, at this time, a powerful force shook the entire Heaven Thunder Purgatory!

Duan Chong fiercely leapt into the air, his expression solemn as he stared into the distance.

"What’s going on? The Evil Qi is too terrifying, the Great Devil Mountains is nothing compared to this place, I am afraid only the Magical corruption gas of the Demon and Devil Sinkhole can suppress the Evil Qi! " Zhu Rong said in shock.

The endless evil energy in the air was strange and powerful, making people restless. Moreover, the wave of energy that had just swept through made people’s bodies tremble.

Duan Chong descended from the sky and said with a frown: "The hole you guys made safely in has closed, and that power just now was the spatial shockwave that erupted when it closed. It looks like you guys have been trapped in this Heaven Thunder Purgatory for many years!"

"Ah?" Could it be that Heaven Thunder Purgatory’s Purgatory is about to open? " Yun Xiaodao exclaimed. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Didn’t we learn the Demon Subduing Fist Art? "Since I can use it, I might as well!" Xv Weilong said: "It looks like the Sky Demon Army is coming."

"Cultivation has ended now. Although it has only been a short period of one month, you have all improved greatly. It’s time to fight in actual combat. I will teach you the Duan Clan’s secret techniques in actual combat!" Duan Chong said, which made Xiao Chou excited.

"I originally thought that it would be used to beat up Purple Moon Imperial Land, but it’s not bad if I can beat up some Sky Demons now." Zhu Rong laughed, they were not really worried.

"Let’s go!" Duan Chong took the lead and led the few youths, and flew towards the direction with the densest amount of evil energy.

On the other hand, Gu Dongchen, Lian Yingxiao and the other Chen Martial Continent s were gathered together.

When Lian Yingxiao saw Gu Dongchen, he immediately asked: "Brother Gu, what about my son?"

"Leave it to Chen Xiang, I don’t know where they are either!" Gu Dongchen said.

"What?" Lian Yingxiao was a little anxious: "This time it’s over, Ming Dong will definitely be damaged."

Liu Meng’er and Hua Xiangyue were also present. They did not ask Chen Xiang much, but they were still a little worried. This was because Chen Xiang had killed the Purple Moon, and they had also received the news that the Purple Moon Imperial Land had sent several strong people down here in order to suppress Chen Xiang.

Gu Dongchen looked at the black cloud in the sky and said, "The exit to the Heaven Thunder Purgatory is sealed, so this thing should be the Sky Demon Army, we are not those ancient powers, and are far weaker than them. Now that we are going to join forces, I suggest that everyone give up on mining Spar and gather in a place where we can attack and defend.

Lian Mingdong, Hua Xiangyue and Liu Meng’er all nodded in agreement. As long as they kept their guard up and the Sky Demon Army could not attack, they would choose those ancient powers.

"Then everyone should hurry up and take action. I’ve already chosen the location ..." Gu Dongchen said.