Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Tens of thousands of heavenly devils suddenly fell from the sky and gathered together, releasing waves after waves of terrifying roars, intimidating the entire Heaven Thunder Purgatory. All the forces were trapped here, and now they could only think of a way to leave the Heaven Thunder Purgatory after taking care of the demons.

The Heaven Thunder Purgatory had truly revealed its true appearance, turning into a Purgatory, the rich resources inside were used to lure these people in, and those ancient powers used to have a part of the people that laid in ambush for the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, they thought that they would not be cursed by the power inside, who would have known that they would also suffer like that.

Chen Xiang did not know that right after he broke through the barrier, there was a change in weather outside. Otherwise, he would have suspected that the things that happened outside were related to this place.

If he couldn’t find the direction to go, he might be trapped here for many years. Fortunately, he could hold on for a long time, and if someone else was trapped here, they would die very soon.

"I have no other choice." Long Xueyi sighed, she had tried many different methods but to no avail.

"There seems to be only one solution now, and that is to cultivate both the God slain method and the Ground killing. It might be useful in preventing your divine power from being affected by the chaotic space, or it might be able to help you gain a better insight into this mysterious chaotic space."

Chen Xiang sighed. He did not wander around in the chaotic space, but stayed where he was, closed his eyes, and started to comprehend the Ground killing and the God slain method.

The chaotic space he was in was extremely special, as this place was filled with a large amount of water. Moreover, this water contained an extremely violent Thunder power, and the lightning also contained a type of spiritual attack power, he could only stay in this place for a long period of time because he had profoundwu diamond armour, otherwise, he would have been killed by the Thunder power.

Within many Nirvana Doom, this was also a very strong form of Robbery power. Although many people could cultivate the Lightning attribute Innate Qi by absorbing the spirit energy of heaven and earth, its power was far inferior to the true Heavenly Thunder!

Lightning was the power of heaven, so Long Xueyi thought that this Thunder Pond should be related to the Celestial Slain Method, but Chen Xiang had the Ground killing, so he might be able to gain some help from comprehending the Ground killing.

Chen Xiang entered the realm of selflessness, and at the same time, started to comprehend the God slain method and the Ground killing. Unknowingly, several days had passed, and under this deep pool filled with darkness and all sorts of lightning, his body was being pressed by all sorts of powers, but at the same time, his body was slowly revolving. At the same time, he released a burst of gentle, holy white light, and generated a kind of power, mysteriously resisting the energy that came from all directions.

His posture was also very unique. He was lying flat on the ground, his hands and feet moving naturally. Although it looked strange, as he slowly rotated, he looked so natural, giving off a kind of untouchable charm.

Chen Xiang’s forehead suddenly lit up, following that, he shot out a ray of blue lightning.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang suddenly woke up. He only felt as if he had just woken up from a dream, and in his dreams he was flat on the ground. Then, he saw a bolt of lightning suddenly striking down from the sky, striking the center of his brows.

"You suddenly started spinning. You’ll be fine after a while. You must have realized something!" Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "I have indeed comprehended some things from the Ground killing and the God slain method. For example, the Ground killing allows me to condense a very strong power of earth from within it. However, the God slain method can allow a person to cultivate their divine soul, and ultimately, their divine power. Other than that, the God slain method does not only use divine power to kill people and formless, it can also be used with other Heaven Earth Killing Method s, and it can also be used to perform methods like Hallucination Soulsearch, but I know all of these. Of course, these are all simple. There are even more profound mysteries that I am still unable to use right now. " Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Then can you find a direction to head to the core of the Thunder Pond?" Su Meiyao asked, she was worried that she would not be able to leave after staying here for a long time.

"Yes, I can. Maybe I was able to cultivate the power of the earth just now, so I had a connection with something here. I think there should be a way for me to get out there." Chen Xiang swam towards a direction.

"Then how strong is the God slain method?" Long Xueyi was very curious about this, because the Imperial Dragon Race was an expert in using divine powers.

"A thought can kill a person. You only need to think and you can gather the power of the world for your own use." Chen Xiang said: "This should be about the same as your Heavenly dragon seal, it’s just that the speed of gathering energy is very fast, but I still need a very long time to reach this level."

"Of course, if it’s only used once, then it’s not very strong. Only if it’s used together with the Heaven Earth Killing Method would it be powerful."

The lightning mark between Chen Xiang’s brows flickered, guiding him forward, allowing him to find a clear direction in this chaotic space.

"Thunder Pond’s liquids are all condensed from lightning. After being affected by a strange energy, they won’t crystallize, so this place should be man-made. As for the chaotic space, it could be a coincidence." Chen Xiang guessed that the barrier that he had encountered when he first entered was set up by someone, and it was used to prevent people from entering deeper.

In less than a day, Chen Xiang saw a white light screen at the bottom of the pitch black pond. Inside the white light screen, it was releasing a kind of strange power, the power in the light screen was very weak, it was hard to feel and it was hard to feel.

Chen Xiang entered the light screen and dropped into a bright and spacious stone room.

"Be careful!" Following Long Xueyi’s cry of shock, a gust of astral wind carrying violent lightning bolts swept over and engulfed Chen Xiang within it, forming a powerful force that pushed Chen Xiang against the stone wall.

Chen Xiang heavily crashed into the stone wall and the stone wall started to glow with a purple electric light, causing Chen Xiang to scream miserably as he slid down the wall.

He lied on the ground, raised his head, and looked, only to see a black haired sturdy man looking at him with a pair of green eyes, his entire body was extremely robust, as though he had transformed into a beast. From time to time, his sinister muscles released a burst of electric light, and he opened his mouth to roared at Chen Xiang, his sharp teeth was like a beast, causing people’s hearts to tremble.