Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Demon Charming Association could be said to be a very young force in the Sky Demon Realm, but it was as bright as the sun. It turns out that not only did this group of demoness know how to use poison, there was also a very powerful figure supporting them.

"At the time in the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, the person who gave Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable the most headache was a guy with the surname Lu. It is said that the poison used was very powerful, and that in order to restrain his poison, the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable created the Devil-suppressing kungfu, allowing people to cultivate and create Devil-suppressing Golden Body with impenetrable! Many years have passed and the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace still exists, but no one who possesses the Devil-suppressing Golden Body has appeared. On the other hand, a descendant of the Lu Family who was extremely powerful with poison has appeared.

"That descendant of the Lu family is an old granny, and the old granny who adopted Lv Qinlian is undoubtedly a descendant of the Lu family! My sister had been looking for her for many years, and in the end she seemed to have found her. As for what happened to them, I have no idea. " Bai Youyou said.

Seeing that Chen Xiang did not speak, Lv Qinlian said: "Are you training?"

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Mn, Senior Lu, I have something to ask you."

Lv Qinlian smiled lightly: "Excuse me!"

"Have you heard of Bai Ziqian in Heaven Realm? Any recent news about her? " Chen Xiang asked.

Hearing Bai Ziqian’s name, Lv Qinlian’s face changed, the smile on her jade face suddenly became extremely serious: "I’ve heard, that initially said she died over a hundred thousand years ago, but she suddenly appeared in Heaven Realm a while ago! I met her once before. I originally wanted to have a contest with her, but when I met her just now, a large group of experts came to chase after her! "

"What?" What did she do? To actually be hunted down? " Chen Xiang suddenly had a bad premonition.

"She used the Magical corruption gas to kill the Immortal King of Heaven Realm and the many powerful and famous subordinates of the Immortal King. She almost annihilated a powerful force in the Immortal World!" Speaking of Magical corruption gas, Lv Qinlian stared at Chen Xiang, she knew that Chen Xiang had once walked out from the Demon and Devil Sinkhole that was filled with Magical corruption gas.

Chen Xiang frowned. He had guessed that Lv Qinlian would face an accident, because Bai Ziqian had done the same thing a long time ago. It was just that at that time, he was forced to hand over the Magical corruption gas.

He suspected that Bai Ziqian did not immediately return to the Heavenly Demon Realm when he left the Great Devil Mountains, but went to the Demon and Devil Sinkhole and obtained the Magical corruption gas from below!

"You have stayed under the Demon and Devil Sinkhole, right? Even Bai Ziqian and I would not be able to stay down there for that long! " Lv Qinlian slightly sighed: "As long as I use poison, no one wouldn’t want to control the Magical corruption gas. If I were Bai Ziqian, if I were to meet a Magical corruption gas, I definitely wouldn’t let them off! But right now, the Magical corruption gas in Demon and Devil Sinkhole are too heavy, even I can’t get close to them! " RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"En!" Chen Xiang knew that this matter was no longer a secret. There were a lot of people who witnessed this scene.

A hint of excitement flashed across Lv Qinlian’s beautiful eyes, and she continued to ask: "Since you managed to cultivate the Devil-suppressing holy power, you must have already gotten it, I have once heard that the reason why Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable could actually cultivate the true body of the impenetrable is because of the Devil-suppressing kungfu, are you!

"You want me to get you some Magical corruption gas?" Chen Xiang smiled and did not directly answer Lv Qinlian’s question.

Lv Qinlian looked at his surroundings, nodded his head, and said: "There will be returns!"

"What’s the reward?" Chen Xiang laughed, "This is an extremely risky thing to do. If we were to find out about this, we would both run for our lives!"

"You are Alchemist, you should be clear about the value of a Holy Lotus Seed, right?" Lv Qinlian was not worried about the consequences. Her beautiful eyes flickered with a green light, as if they were two shining green lotus seeds.

"It’s the main ingredient. Spoon it!" Su Meiyao said excitedly. The main ingredient she was talking about was to refine pills that could help her and Bai Youyou recover their peak strength.

"If I were to transform into a green lotus, I would be able to condense a Holy Lotus Seed every 10,000 years. I also have one now, so you don’t need to worry that I would go back on my word." Lv Qinlian looked in a direction, her crescent brows slightly knitted, and said: "Follow me, there’s someone heading this way."

"The Holy Lotus Seed is a medicinal ingredient from the Holy level. It’s extremely precious and can only be formed by a lotus that has Awakened. What she said is true!" Su Meiyao said excitedly: "I never thought that I would get another set of main ingredients so quickly!"

Chen Xiang followed Lv Qinlian to a charming valley. Here, there was a wooden house, which was clearly a place Lv Qinlian frequented. She invited Chen Xiang to sit, poured tea for him, and then spat out a lotus seed that was shining with a green light from his mouth.

Chen Xiang looked at the Holy Lotus Seed in a daze, only being illuminated by that sacred green light made him feel comfortable. Furthermore, the pellets he ate earlier, which were refined using hundreds of thousands of Sky Demons, were also being refined faster.

"How fragrant!" Chen Xiang wrinkled his nose and chuckled.

Lv Qinlian scoffed with a smile on her face, "This is a holy lotus seed. If you cultivate up to become a Devil-suppressing Golden Body, even Magical corruption gas would not be able to do anything to you! Back then, the old granny who took me in used Magical corruption gas s and many kinds of strange poisons to attack Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, but Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable didn’t do anything, and before Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable even made his move, that old granny admitted defeat! "

"How many Magical corruption gas s do you need?" Chen Xiang looked at the Holy Lotus Seed on Lv Qinlian’s jade palm and reached out to scoop it. Lv Qinlian did not stop her either and allowed her to scoop it into her hands.

"This is a pearl that was specifically used to store Magical corruption gas. The old granny gave it to me, and she told me that if I have the chance to obtain it, I must not care about any of the bounties in the Three Realms, I can scoop as much as I can ... If you can, help me fill it! The holy lotus seed is yours. " Before, Lv Qinlian had always been worried that Chen Xiang would use the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword to destroy her Demon Charming Association, so she held a certain amount of hostility towards Chen Xiang.

Now, Lv Qinlian knew that cooperating with Chen Xiang was a very happy thing.

Chen Xiang received the transparent pearl and smiled faintly. He released the Magical corruption gas from his dantian and poured it into the pearl.

The Magical corruption gas had no color and no smell, but after inserting the pearl, the pearl suddenly emitted a faint glow, with one glance, one could tell that the pearl was specially made to store the Magical corruption gas.

Seeing Chen Xiang do this, she could obviously guess that Chen Xiang had kept the Magical corruption gas in his body. If she were to recklessly attack Chen Xiang, she might get killed by him using the Magical corruption gas!

Many things that could not be explained in the past had now become reasonable. For example, if Chen Xiang had Magical corruption gas s, then it would make sense for him to assassinate over a hundred strong warriors overnight in Pill City.