Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Duan Chong brought Yun Xiaodao and the other three out to check on the results of their training, and also to teach them the Duan Clan’s secret arts during their battles. At the beginning, it was rather smooth.

Originally, Duan Chong had only suspected that they would meet a lot of Sky Demons when they first arrived, but who knew that when they arrived, they actually met a lot of Sky Demons, and there were even a few Heaven Devil King s who were powerful enough to make them suffer under the pursuit of a large number of Sky Demons. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

If Duan Chong didn’t have to take care of Yun Xiaodao and the others, he would have stopped his battle with the two Heaven Devil King s. In order to get out of this predicament, he had to leave some of his presence behind so that Chen Xiang could find traces of them.

It would be much easier for Chen Xiang to deal with these Heaven Devil King than him.

Duan Chong and a few other little ghosts were hiding within the wasteland formed by numerous rocks and numerous small mountains. There were also many Sky Demons searching for them within the wasteland.

"Elder Duan, is this the right path?" Why haven’t we arrived at the Feng Clan’s lair yet? " Yun Xiaodao asked. Originally, they planned to fight against the Sky Demon Army behind while waiting for Chen Xiang to arrive, but when they reached here, Duan Chong suddenly said that he sensed a familiar aura.

Duan Chong said: "There are some traces of formations nearby, I can see that it is a technique that the Feng Clan use, and it is very easy to distinguish the Qi emitted by their Feng Clan!"

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

A small stone mountain about a hundred feet tall was smashed apart by a black humanoid Heavenly Demon’s head. The crushed stones flew into the air and fell to the ground like raindrops.

"Damn it, I really want to go out and kill that fellow!" Zhu Rong cursed, and released a type of Innate Qi that was hard to detect, forming a barrier to block the falling stones.

"Don’t waste your energy on these things, what we need to do is to lure them to the territory of the Feng Clan, and wait for those guys to come out to deal with these Sky Demons, then we can take the chance to sneak an attack." Duan Chong laughed sinisterly.

"The older the wiser!" Xv Weilong nodded.

"If I’m not wrong, the Feng Clan used the formation plate that they inherited from their ancestors and released an illusionary array to hide them here. I have to think of a way to break this array." Duan Chong said to Yun Xiaodao and the rest, "All of you hide behind this rock and do not run around. If you are discovered, do not retaliate. Those Heaven Devil King s are not something you can handle."

Not long after Duan Chong left, Yun Xiaodao and the others saw a few people flying out from an empty wasteland, attracting the gazes of the Sky Demons.

Lian Mingdong anxiously said: "These are the people from the Feng Clan, they want to lure the Sky Demons away, and do not let them succeed, why is Elder Duan not back yet?"

Rumble ....

The army of millions of Sky Demons started to rush out, chasing after the few Feng Clan s in the sky.

"We can’t wait for him, we have to take action!" Xiao Chou attacked as soon as he said it, the spiritual energy in his body violently surged to his two fists and legs, then he rushed towards the direction in which Feng Clan and the others were flying. He guessed that that was where Feng Clan was hiding.

Xiao Chou’s footsteps were like that of a giant at the top of the sky, every step he took caused the earth to tremble. When he started to run, the ground to shake, and the sound of rolling thunder could be heard.

Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong both held a long blade in their hands, and rushed towards the group of Sky Demons, sweeping across in the distance, in a short moment, they had cut many gigantic Sky Demons in half.

Xv Weilong used a secret technique of the Lotus Island. A lotus flower petal appeared under Yun Xiaodao’s and Zhu Rong’s feet, which could move quickly and recover the strength that Yun Xiaodao and had expended, and the barrier that was released also had a strong defensive power. He controlled the two sides, which were carrying Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong, to wildly kill within the Sky Demon Army.

Teng Ying flew high into the sky, turned into a gigantic Kylin thunder eagle, flapped his steel wings, and started to swish his blade-like feathers like a storm. Accompanied by astral wind and lightning, he swept across the entire Sky Demon Army, killing a large portion of them with a few blows!

When the elders of Feng Clan saw this, they were immediately angered, and were about to pull the huge army of millions of Sky Demons away, but who knew that a few young men would suddenly jump out and attack the Sky Demon Army, infuriating them!

"Aren’t they the little ghosts from Super Martial School? I heard that they have just been expelled. Now, even if we kill them, it’s no big deal. " An old man of Feng Clan with a cold voice dove towards Zhu Rong.

"Damn fatty, an old man has attacked you!" Lian Mingdong anxiously transmitted to Zhu Rong and Yun Xiaodao: "F * * k this old fellow to death!"

"No problem!" Zhu Rong and Yun Xiaodao answered at the same time.

Lian Mingdong controlled the lotus disc, bringing along Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong as they swiftly moved. At the same time, he also released many white colored lotuses, allowing the little lotuses to strike at the Feng Clan Elder. Although they were blocked by the Feng Clan Elder, the little lotuses still exploded into bursts of white mist.

"Now is the time!" Lian Mingdong and Yun Xiaodao jumped off the lotus seat and flew at an extremely fast speed towards the old man from Feng Clan. Both of them unleashed their strongest and fastest blades, slashing the old man from Feng Clan into the white mist.

"Little bastard!" When an old man in the air saw this, he immediately roared in anger.

"Stop fighting, quickly come over!" Xiao Chou shouted. At this moment he was already blocked by a large array, and was using the violent power of the Great Strength Race to smash into the formation.

The few of them immediately ran towards where Xiao Chou was, with a large number of Sky Demons roaring angrily as they ran behind them. Although they had just been killed quite a number, they were nothing in the millions of Sky Demons that had gathered, not to mention that there were even more devil clouds floating in the sky right now, causing many of the devils to fall down from the devil clouds, as if they were endless. The Feng Clan’s seniors looked furious, their eyes were bloodshot and filled with rage.

"These little bastards did it on purpose!" An old man clenched his fists tightly and rushed towards Yun Xiaodao and the others.

Yun Xiaodao and the others were trying their best to break the array.

"The few old fellows are coming down together. Be careful!" Lian Mingdong warned. He released the little lotuses and allowed them to self-detonate, exploding a white mist, and then, using the Duan Clan’s secret technique of concealing their whereabouts, he snuck into the group of Sky Demons.

"Little fools, this formation cannot be broken with brute force, it needs to be done with one’s brain!" Duan Chong’s laughter came out suddenly, followed by the sudden appearance of a city surrounded by thick walls.

Chen Xiang also rushed over at this time, he saw the few elders attacking Yun Xiaodao and the others, but he was not too worried, at this time he also laughed out loud: "Old folks from Feng Clan, you can’t even handle a few brats, what meaning do you have in living? Let me end your lives! "