Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang arrived in a flash and appeared behind the few panicking elders. The violent and violent Innate Qi turned into a Dragon Power and formed a huge dragon claw, enveloping them in the air. At the same time, a Tai Chi Dragon Formation appeared on the ground, sucking in all the escaping elders.

Bang!

Lightning flashed wildly as the green dragon claw struck down. The few elders were torn apart by the berserk Dragon Power, and a bloody claw print that was a mix of flesh and stone appeared on the ground!

"Chen Xiang, it’s you again! I will definitely kill you today! " A violent hurricane blew out from the sturdy city, carrying with it an angry sound.

"Silent Wind, who knows, you might be the one dying today. Haha, come out if you dare!" Chen Xiang laughed.

That voice was the soundless voice of the Feng Clan’s Patriarch.

"He doesn’t dare, the Heaven Devil King outside are all waiting for him." Duan Chong laughed heartily, then sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "Kill those few Heaven Devil King s, I’ll watch over those few brats, there’s no need to worry."

"Heaven Devil King is very important to the Sky Demon Army. Killing those few Heaven Devil King might be able to lure the stronger guys out!"

Long Xueyi used the Heaven tour method to enter that city and made a shocking discovery, "Hurry and go, the Purple Moon Imperial Land, Flying Immortal School and the Qian Xuan Gate are inside. There are also many ancient powers and their disciples are quickly coming out from underground.

"What?" Chen Xiang immediately passed down the news to Duan Chong, Yun Xiaodao and the others. If there was only one Feng Clan, then Feng Clan would definitely suffer a great loss today.

Duan Chong did not expect it to turn out like this, and anxiously said: "I will lead the rest of them to retreat, you will deal with the Demonic Beasts faster than me, you block the Heaven Devil King."

"Un, let’s go quickly!" Leave this place to me. " With Duan Chong protecting Yun Xiaodao and the others, even if they were ambushed by the Heaven Devil King, they need not worry.

Right now, many Sky Demons had already started their assault on the city. They were frantically reinstalling the large formation of the city, and if they did not know that there were many forces gathering inside, Duan Chong might have even destroyed the large formation of the city.

Long Xueyi eavesdropped on the conversation of the people inside and told Chen Xiang: "They do not plan to come out immediately, their formation can hold out for a period of time, they know that there are a few Heaven Devil King s outside, and they will only go out when you are attacked by them."

Chen Xiang released an invisible divine power, keeping an eye on the Heaven Devil King s, ensuring that Duan Chong and the others could safely leave.

Suddenly, a human bird shaped Heaven Devil King with wings discovered Duan Chong’s group. He swooped down towards the sky and Chen Xiang immediately flew over as well, the Holy Devil-suppressing seal’s character of "Zhen" floated onto his palm. The Holy seal had become very small, and had fused into his palm, so no one would be able to discover it.

The Heaven Devil King was very tall, about the height of three people, his entire body was covered in black muscles and he had two pairs of powerful black wings on his back. In his hands was a sharp red spear and his eyes shone with a cold green light.

Chen Xiang suddenly appeared in front of the Heaven Devil King, which was something the Heaven Devil King did not expect.

Just by being a little bit slow in resisting, his head had been struck by a palm from Chen Xiang, and on his forehead, there was even a palm sized golden "Zhen" character!

"What is this?" The Heaven Devil King howled in fear, following that, the word "Zhen" on his forehead flickered with a holy and holy golden multicolored light, which instantly spread to his entire body, and this Heaven Devil King’s huge body immediately turned into golden powder!

Chen Xiang took a few deep breaths. Although the Holy Devil-suppressing seal had not grown any larger, it had consumed quite a bit of his power, and had absorbed quite a bit of his power. Fortunately he had just broken through and condensed another fifteen Heaven Pellets in his body.

"What kind of move is this?" Defeating a Heaven Devil King with just one palm? " Duan Chong was extremely shocked. He was currently leading Yun Xiaodao and the others to use a concealed method to escape.

In the blink of an eye, they had been killed by Chen Xiang. Not only was this kind of power shocking to Duan Chong, even the remaining three Heaven Devil King s felt that it was unbelievable, their strengths were strong, it had to be known that they had cultivated their soul fragments with strong grudges for many years, and had stood out amongst the countless Sky Demons, becoming their emperor. The human experts also knew what kind of strength they had and they were not afraid of the and the Demon Empress who were previously at their level.

Chen Xiang didn’t understand what was going on now, but he admired the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable a lot. He could actually create such a powerful thing, and when the Holy Devil-suppressing seal was used with the Devil-suppressing Golden Body and the Devil-suppressing holy power to fight against the demons, its power was astonishing.

"Let’s take a look at the fusion of Holy Devil-suppressing seal and Green dragon demon-slain broadsword!" Long Xueyi suggested.

Just as Chen Xiang thought this, he immediately took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword! Both the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and the Holy Devil-suppressing seal had fused into his body. He could use them however he wanted, and naturally, he could also integrate their powers.

He stared at a Heaven Devil King that was the head of the beastmen army. The Heaven Devil King was staring at him from high up in the sky.

"Eat my knife!" Chen Xiang stood on the ground and poured the power of the Holy Devil-suppressing seal into the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, and then slashed at Heaven Devil King in the air, the blade releasing a gold light, and at the center of the gold light, one could vaguely see a dragon working hard to draw the word "Zhen", but before the "Zhen" was completely formed, it had already struck the Heaven Devil King!

Although he did not become a character, the Heaven Devil King was left with nothing as a result of the terrifying ray of golden light!

"This guy is too strange, he actually made a move on such a powerful Heaven Devil King!" Duan Chong exclaimed.

"We did not succeed just now! There are two more Heaven Devil King s! " Chen Xiang was very clear that during the slash just now, the Holy Devil-suppressing seal and the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword did not perfectly fuse. Otherwise, the power would have been even greater.

But using it like this, he consumed even more of his Innate Qi, several times faster than using the Holy Devil-suppressing seal alone.

He felt that just "Holy seal Palm" would be enough to deal with all these Heaven Devil King.

The remaining two Heaven Devil King s were the same size as usual, except their skin was purplish black, looking sinister and evil. They held sharp black spears in their hands! FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Let’s attack together!" A red haired Heaven Devil King said, holding onto his spear, his body turned into a black shadow as he dashed towards Chen Xiang.

The two Heaven Devil King s suddenly appeared in front of Chen Xiang, using the pikes in their hands to quickly stab Chen Xiang, only to see Chen Xiang’s body being pierced by two pikes, causing him to bleed profusely, but losing a bit of blood Qi, this was Chen Xiang’s illusion!

Just when the two Heaven Devil King s sensed that something was amiss, Chen Xiang, who was above them, clapped his hand down. A small town appeared in his palm, and released a blinding golden light that made it difficult for people to make out what a word it was. They only felt that it was that intense ball of golden light, releasing that golden light that turned a large portion of the Sky Demons into dust!

With the word "suppress" pressed down, the two Heaven Devil King s instantly died, and forever disappeared!

A loud laughter came from inside the city, "Haha, it was easy for you to kill the Heaven Devil King, but it wasn’t so easy for you to deal with us!"

This was the patriarch of the Feng Clan, Feng Xian laughed sinisterly!