Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Those Heaven Devil King s are dead. Attack from all angles, and try to capture as many fellows who were attracted by the Sky Demons as possible!" Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The city gates opened, and a large group of people rushed out, letting out roars filled with energy. It was a magnificent sight.

Duan Chong anxiously said to Chen Xiang: Leave these guys to me, you guys go first!

It was fine to deal with the Demonic Chen Xiang, but he could not deal with the experts of the ancient powers.

Yun Xiaodao and the others were already fighting with the Sky Demons.

"You bunch of hypocritical demons, don’t think that no one can restrain you!" Duan Chong fiercely leaped into the air, his palm like a dragon, striking towards an elder who was charging at him. The formless but very powerful force instantly turned the elder into a large piece of flesh.

Duan Chong flashed again, appearing in front of a group of elders who were rushing towards Chen Xiang, one of them stepping on the ground, suddenly there was an extremely strong suction force from the ground, in the blink of an eye, half of the bodies of the elders and the Sky Demons were buried in the soil!

Purgatory’s Purgatory, that was a very powerful skill from Duan Chong!

"Hell’s Blade, Wild Flower Dance!" Duan Chong opened up both of his arms, his chest suddenly expanded out, his body fiercely shook, a burst of tyrannical power surged out, forming countless condensed energy blades, like a wave, they swept towards the elders and Sky Demons in front of him who were stuck in the ground, unable to move at all.

The countless blades of air formed from energy crazily danced, turning the areas they passed into mincemeat. At that moment, waves of blood mist gushed out, and the Sky Demons and people who were trapped on the ground were unable to move, unable to use their powers!

In just an instant, all the seniors of the ancient powers and a portion of the Sky Demons had been wiped clean, leaving only half of their bodies buried in the ground. That scene could be said to be extremely bloody, and even Chen Xiang felt chills down his spine.

"This old man, such a bloody move, his name is actually so elegant!" When Zhu Rong saw the ground filled with flesh, he immediately vomited. "Thanks to him, I don’t want to eat meat anymore for at least a few months!"

The upper echelons of the ancient powers were witnessing this scene, the muscles on their faces twitched frantically. Duan Chong’s appearance was beyond their imagination, his strength was so strong, only the Purple Moon could resist, but the Purple Moon had mysteriously died in Chen Xiang’s hands.

The Holy Light on Chen Xiang’s body shone brightly, the surrounding Sky Demons did not dare to approach him, while Yun Xiaodao and the rest followed beside him. They did not even need to attack, as they could easily walk amongst the Sky Demons.

"Heh heh ..." I’m actually late for such a big event. " An eerie laughter echoed in the world. As the voice sounded, the world seemed to turn colder. The demonic clouds in the sky began to churn even more violently as gusts of wind began to blow across the bloody land.

"It’s the Ghost Sage! Quickly flee!" Duan Chong’s face changed drastically as he roared at Chen Xiang and the others.

"We can’t escape, this little brat has Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, I’m going to take him!"

Suddenly, a hooded old man with a back full of wrinkles appeared in front of Chen Xiang. This old man had no eyes, only two holes in the ground, making him look very scary.

"Old bastard, don’t be so presumptuous!" The Devil-suppressing holy power on Chen Xiang’s body expanded, golden light shot out from his body, causing the Ghost Sage to retreat a few steps.

Duan Chong had already rushed over, but was suddenly entangled by the experts of the ancient powers.

"You are Duan Chong, I recognize you, old grave robber, die!" The one who spoke was an elder of the Flying Immortal School, he was strong, but slightly weaker than Duan Chong. However, if the few of them worked together, they would be able to fight with Duan Chong.

Duan Chong was furious, but even if he was anxious, it was useless. The combined power of these few ancient powers, was making it difficult for him to escape! He was very clear about the Ghost Sage’s strength. Although Chen Xiang could deal with Heaven Devil King easily, it was hard to say.

"Little fellow, since you dare to be impudent in front of my Ghost Sage, I will let you understand that sometimes dying is also a very happy thing." Ghost Sage’s voice was extremely sinister, a withered old ghost claw extended towards Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang immediately released his Holy Devil-suppressing seal, causing it to become as big as a shield, and faced the word "Zhen" in front of the Ghost Sage, then charged forward!

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Ghost Sage let out a mournful howl as he thought back to the sky. It was as if an evil spirit had appeared in the world.

"All of you, quickly leave!" Chen Xiang said to Yun Xiaodao and the others. Even though he had suffered quite a bit from Ghost Sage just now, he knew that with his current strength, even if he used Holy Devil-suppressing seal s, he could only temporarily delay this Ghost Sage.

This Ghost Sage’s strength was truly terrifying, Chen Xiang and Duan Chong did not expect this guy to suddenly appear, it was truly an anomaly.

When Chen Xiang forced Ghost Sage back, his strike just now had caused fear in his heart. At this moment, he was extremely fearful of that power, if not for the fact that he could tell that Chen Xiang was still unable to unleash the power of that Holy seal, he would have already escaped.

Yun Xiaodao, Zhu Rong and the others seized this opportunity to leave. They knew that staying behind would only drag Chen Xiang and Duan Chong down.

Chen Xiang took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, fusing the Holy Devil-suppressing seal’s power with the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword’s!

The Ghost Sage pounced again, his withered hand suddenly turned into a ghastly white claw, surrounded by ghost qi, and once again grabbed towards Chen Xiang’s chest and head!

Chen Xiang did not show any weakness as he fiercely slashed with his blade. A wave of golden light gushed out from the blade and turned into a roaring golden dragon, which appeared and bit onto Ghost Sage, pushing the’s hunchbacked body behind. Soon after, the golden dragon turned into an ancient "Zhen" character!

This "Zhen" character was an ancient character and seemed to be formed from a dragon. Although it looked different from the original one, this "Zhen" character was the same as before, natural and full of spirituality.

The Ghost Sage howled and flew out, while Chen Xiang’s blade had used up all of its energy, causing the hundreds of thousands of heavenly demons around to be purified by the divine light!

Chen Xiang was already extremely weak, but his Ghost Sage had not been completely defeated. Duan Chong was still restrained by a few experts, unable to go and save him.

"Haha ..." The Ghost Sage’s eerie laughter once again sounded out. "Good kid, you’re quite strong, but you’re still too inexperienced. If I had given you a few hundred more years, I might have finished playing just now. Now you’re dead for sure!"

Ghost Sage turned into a blood red shadow, pouncing towards Chen Xiang. Yun Xiaodao, Zhu Rong and the others immediately retreated, wanting to use all their strength to save Chen Xiang!

The sky suddenly shook with a rumbling sound, and a giant black hand with a threatening force slammed down, pressing onto Ghost Sage’s body!

"Demon Lord ... "Spare me lightly!" Ghost Sage let out a roar like a pig being butchered, and was immediately destroyed by the huge black hand that descended from the sky.

Chen Xiang was stunned. The Demon Lord’s strength was too terrifying!

"It’s over, it’s the master of the Sky Demon Army. I never thought I’d wake him up!" Duan Chong’s voice was filled with despair and fear.