Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The beautiful scenery of the Heaven Thunder Purgatory was completely destroyed, the green mountains were completely barren, but the mountains still contained dense spirit energy. Baidu Search .13800100 Read the latest chapter

If it was as Chen Xiang had speculated, the Heaven Thunder Purgatory was connected to the Heaven Thunder Devil Lord, as long as the energy was consumed, it would be equivalent to consuming the Demon Lord’s energy. However, the Heaven Thunder Purgatory was crazily absorbing the energy from the outside world, as the sky was filled with an endless amount of energy, the Heaven Thunder Purgatory could absorb at a very fast speed, and it wouldn’t take long for the energy to make up for the fact that the Heaven Thunder Purgatory was in Di Tian.

"Looks like I have to speed up the process of refining more pills!" Chen Xiang’s eyes shone as he looked at the gigantic mountain that was wrapped in the Magic method furnace. The mountain had already been refined by him, but there wasn’t much spirit energy inside, and the pills that were refined, weren’t high in quality either!

Seeing Chen Xiang use such a huge Magic method furnace to refine the high mountain, Yun Xiaodao and the others exclaimed in their hearts. If Chen Xiang used this method frequently to refine pills, he wouldn’t need any materials at all!

After Chen Xiang refined a mountain, he felt that it was not enough. A Magic method furnace that was controlled to teleport to a nearby mountain shrouded it and then incinerated it into pure energy, fusing it with the energy that was refined into a mountain from before.

"Elder Brother Shen, how did you send the flame over?" Yun Xiaodao felt that it was extremely mysterious. Beside Chen Xiang, he did not feel the temperature rising at all, but rather, the Magic method furnace in the distance burned with an extremely exuberant flame that could burn a tall mountain!

Chen Xiang was not using his own fire now, he was only refining it roughly, and from a distance, he could use his own fire, but it would consume a lot of energy. Using the power of god to control the fire was very simple, but according to the method in the Heavenly Alchemy, he could extract the fire attribute spirit energy from it, turning it into a pure flame, and injecting it into the Magic method furnace.

The reason why God slain method was placed together with the Heavenly Alchemy was because the consciousness requirement of the Heavenly Alchemy was very high, and the God slain method was something that allowed a person to cultivate a divine soul!

According to Duan Chong, the Heavenly Alchemy was much more powerful than the Heaven Earth Killing Method, and the God slain method could only be considered a basic technique of the Heavenly Alchemy.

Before, Duan Chong had warned Chen Xiang that he should not use the Heavenly Alchemy in front of others, but it was absolutely necessary now. Otherwise, Chen Xiang would never use this heaven opposing divine art in the Demon Lord’s territory.

The Magic method furnace was tens of thousands of meters tall, and looked like a semi-transparent golden crystal. It stood tall on the ground, looking down from the sky above its head. It was grand and shocking! The lowest level of Magic method furnace was burning with raging fire, and in the middle was a mountain that had been burnt and refined. Under Chen Xiang’s refinement, the originally several thousand meters tall mountain turned into pure energy, and all of the impurities were smacked out, leaving behind the best!

On the top level of the Magic method furnace, there was a mist that could be used to condense pellets. However, Chen Xiang felt that it was not sufficient to condense a high quality pellet, so he temporarily stored it there.

It was fortunate that he had devoured a Heaven Devil King with a powerful divine sense previously, allowing his soul to step into the superb realm. Otherwise, it would have been difficult for him to do all of this now!

In just six hours, he had refined over a hundred mountains, and the energy contained in these mountains was much more than he had expected.

It was the first time he used the Heavenly Alchemy to refine a huge mountain into a pill, but it was not difficult for him at all. It only required him to release a large amount of divine power, which was a little easier than when he was refining a Unreal ghost eagle.

The reason he was able to refine one Unreal ghost eagle after another so smoothly was because of the experience he had accumulated while refining Unreal ghost eagle.

"Elder Brother Shen, how are you? A hundred mountains. " Yun Xiaodao and the others had been immersed in the black lava pool for a period of time, and were already used to the kind of torture. Although it was not painful to the point of crying like ghosts and howling like wolves, it was very boring and boring.

"It’s still early, do you all think these mountains are treasures? Without much spiritual energy, the quality of the pills refined would not be high! " Chen Xiang said: "If you want to use this method to refine high quality pills, then you need to compress the energy at a high level and refine it repeatedly! "Just like forging iron, you have to fold and hammer a very big piece of iron to remove the impurities, and at the same time compress the essences to create the best quality iron. This is also the principle of refining pills!"

"For example, while you guys are cultivating, you will need to repeatedly compress the Innate Qi to allow the quality to increase. Then, you can use these high quality Innate Qi to open up your dantian and turn it into a good container, able to hold even more powerful Innate Qi."

Zhu Rong said: "If this goes on, it won’t be long before all the surrounding mountains are gone. When that time comes, what are you going to cultivate for?"

Chen Xiang laughed: "When the time comes, you will know. I estimate that only pills refined from at least ten thousand mountains would be of great use. They should be considered low grade Heaven level pills!"

A low grade Heaven level pill! Chen Xiang being able to refine a low grade Heaven level pill at the moment made Zhu Rong and the others extremely shocked. This was equivalent to the strength of the Dan King, they were very clear about the progress Chen Xiang had made on the road of pill refining, it was simply too fast! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Seeing their expressions, Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed: "If I used a normal method to refine a normal pill, at most, I would be able to refine a middle Ground level. I am still a distance away from high grade Ground level! "The pills I am refining now are not normal pills!"

For example, the super Iron bone Dan that he refined was not a normal method of refinement, but it could be considered to be a low-grade Heaven level pill.

Duan Chong secretly gasped in surprise at the side. According to Chen Xiang’s current alchemy standards, he would be a great pill refiner and would soon become a Pill Sect. He would be a powerful warrior by himself, but at the same time, he would be a Alchemist of this level.

"Ten thousand mountains ... ..." There are at most a thousand seats around here! " Even if Xiao Chou cracked his brain, he wouldn’t be able to think of a way to solve this problem, and everyone else would be the same.

After half a day, the sky turned dark red, and it was already close to night. The stars were covered by red halos, and the place where Chen Xiang and the others were at, the surrounding mountains were all gone.

"Two thousand three hundred and twenty-one! No more, I can’t see any more mountains in the distance!" Yun Xiaodao said.

Chen Xiang was refining the mountain at a faster and faster rate. The Magic method furnace was compressing more and more energy, and now he was continuously using his divine power to use the Heavenly Alchemy.

"All of you, open your eyes wide and look!" Chen Xiang smiled, releasing a large amount of divine power, then let out a low roar, only to see a large expanse of golden mist suddenly appearing on the bare ground, enveloping everything, as though it had covered the entire Heaven Thunder Purgatory.

When the pale golden mist dispersed, the surroundings were suddenly filled with dense tall mountains, causing Duan Chong and the others to be tongue-tied!