
Episode 106

106. 21st Floor. The Crazed Spirit (2)

["I'll be back! I'll wait for you!"]

Taesan bids farewell to the spirit and steps out of the room.

"Is that just the kind of existence it is?"

Unlike all the other NPCs he had encountered so far, this one was completely insane. Itaeyeon had also described the spirit she had seen as just being insane, and it seemed the same was true when the ghost had been seen in the past.

"That hasn't changed since my time either. It's just a mad existence. Its role is simply to teach how to deal with spirits on the 21st floor. That's all there is to it. Once the quest is over, it's the kind of existence you won't see again."

Itaeyeon was no different. After only seeking how to deal with the spirit, she had not seen the crazed spirit twice.

"But is it really like that?"

An NPC is a being who has dealt with a wizard. The spirit also came here hoping for something.

It was not yet known.

Following the spirit's words, Taesan moved straight into the fifth room. Then he moved left three times again.
There was an empty room, and on the wall, there were bricks that were uniquely free of moss.

From the 21st floor onwards, as if this place was nature itself, every wall was filled with green plants.

There, that's the room the spirit mentioned.

*Click.*

As he pressed the brick, a passage opened up. Taesan descended the stairs.

*Rumble...*

The floor vibrated. Taesan activated transparency and silenced his footsteps.

After the stairs ended, a secret room appeared, and there was a huge golem made of stone.

*[The Ember Golem, created by the Flame Spirit King, appeared.]*

*Oooom.*

Behind it, there was a small spring emitting a green light. The golem rolled its red eyes around, guarding the spring.

*Impressive.*

From the golem, he sensed immense power. A force that seemed capable of enduring everything in the world. It was probably the power granted by the Spirit King. He might only have that stone, but there was no doubt about its strength.

The level of the players on the 21st floor was far beyond Taesan's reach. He ascended the stairs and asked the ghost.

"How did you manage it?"

*[Me? I just ignored it and passed by. The golem stops functioning for just one minute a day. If you quickly fetch the water from the spring at that time, it's over.]*
It was a clear solution. It was probably the same for Taeyeon. It was a kind of answer.

But Taesan had no intention of making that choice.

"Is it possible?"

[It's not impossible, but... it could be quite risky, right?]

"Then doing it is the right answer."

The reward for the labyrinth drops to practically nonexistent levels the moment you descend to that floor. Even if you go down and get stronger, you won't receive a proper reward when you come back up.

Taesan deactivated his transparency and descended the stairs. The eyes of the golem that spotted Taesan glowed.

Ooong.

Its massive arm moved. Dodging the arm that came down while suppressing the air, he thrusts his sword.

Clang!

[0 damage to the Ember Golem created by the Flame Spirit King.]

"I meet enemies too often these days whose attacks don't work on them."

Taesan grumbled and backed away. The golem had a core, and penetrating it was the orthodox way to deal with it.

"Since it's a golem created by a spirit, the core must also belong to the spirit, right?"

[Probably so.]

In the quest to obtain skills to deal with spirits, without a skill to deal with spirits, they were opponents he couldn't face.
[Did I pass by for no reason? There was no opponent law at all. You're a little different though.]

A blue aura emerged around Taesan's sword.

The aura struck the golem's arm, leaving a small mark.

[47 damage to the Ember Golem created by the Flame Spirit King.]

"As expected."

The aura had a defense penetration effect. Taesan began to slowly wear down the golem.

The golem pulled back its arm and swung. With a booming sound, the arm swept through the air violently.

[Your first attack has been completely nullified.]

Taesan clearly evaded the golem's attack.

The resulting air pressure alone indicated that an attack assessment had been made.

"If it hits, it's really game over."

The golem pulled back its arm and swung again. The trajectory was not much different from before.

The golem was undoubtedly strong and sturdy, but fundamentally it was just a mass of rocks. Its movements were not fluid, so the trajectory and pattern of its attacks were somewhat predictable.

Taesan dodged several times and understood the pattern of all the attacks. Then he charged straight in.

Clang!

The sword struck, and fragments of the golem's stone body flew. The golem's arm recoiled heavily.
When he made that move, a downward chopping attack came out. Taesan, who had recognized the attack through his experience up to now, preemptively moved and slashed the golem's side.

This time, the golem pulled back its arm. It was a straight stabbing attack. Taesan plunged downward.

Anticipating the attack based on its movements, Taesan moved. The spectating ghost exclaimed in admiration.

He knew the strategy and understood the countermeasures. And he repeated them.

In theory, it was simple. But putting it into practice was a completely different story. Even those who knew perfectly well could often perish due to the smallest variables.

Ultimately, strategy was about repetition, and repetition could devour the mind. In the labor of hundreds, thousands, perhaps even days of repetition, the mind easily collapsed.

Ironically, knowing too much often led to collapse. Starting out fine with the first challenge of ignorance, but showing a clumsy performance in the gradually understood second challenge was not an uncommon story.

However, Taesan repeated evasion and attacks like a machine. And there was no trace of hesitation in his actions.

["Seems like I'm watching a machine race."]


The exclamation of admiration echoed alone. Taesan didn't hear it. He concentrated, continuing his assault on the golem.

Two hours passed like that, and Taesan finally brought down the golem without allowing a single effective hit.

["Your level has increased."] ["Your level has increased."] ["Your level has increased."] ["Your spiritual power has been triggered. Strength permanently increased by 34, agility by 22, stamina by 102."] ["Acquired 1,861G."] ["Acquired Shard of the Spirit King."] ["Acquired Core-Protecting Ore."] ["You successfully completed simple repetitive tasks without faltering, achieving success numerous times. Acquired special passive skill [Endurance]."] ["Mastery of Insight reached 100%. Insight evolved into special triggered skill [Scout]."]

The corners of Taesan's mouth lifted.

* * *

Finally acquired Endurance. And Insight has evolved into Scout.

Both were skills essential to Taesan's plans.

[Special Passive Skill: Endurance] [Proficiency: 1%] [Efficiency improves in repetitive tasks.]

A very simple, straightforward explanation.
The effects were also simple. Quite literally, bonuses were received for various things when performing repetitive tasks. Swinging a sword repeatedly accelerated proficiency, and mining ore repeatedly increased mining speed.

Up to this point, these skills were not particularly impressive, just at a decent level if you had them.

But Taesan absolutely needed these skills.

"I finally have everything I need."

Main skills. Attack nullification, endurance, forced duels, and so on.

Even possessing just one could overwhelm opponents with similar stats.

Among them was a skill called "Addition" that doubled the damage itself.

Here, doubling meant exactly that.

Attack power increased by countering, by consecutive attacks, and by critical hits.

All of these attack powers were doubled.

Hard players used to have "Addition," which added half of their basic attack power. Compared to Addition, it was much lower, but even they had few.

And to acquire Addition, patience was absolutely necessary.

Now, I have obtained everything I need.

Of course, it wasn't something you could obtain immediately. A special situation was required to obtain Addition.
However, it wouldn't take that long.

Taesan happily confirmed another skill.

[Special Activation Skill: Reconnaissance] [Proficiency: 1%] [Evolved form of Penetration. Provides approximate information about the target.]

Taesan immediately looked at the ghost.

"You have activated Reconnaissance."

Information about the ghost appeared.

[Buried One] [Status: Ghost] [Bearer of dreams.]

An additional unknown sentence appeared below the ghost.

The biggest change with Reconnaissance becoming Penetration was the ability to adjust activation.

Activating Reconnaissance on an opponent or within a room revealed the opponent's information and allowed detection of hidden elements within the room.

It was a highly useful skill as it enabled early detection of traps and similar threats.

When used against an opponent, it displayed approximate information, weaknesses, and strengths, making it easy to find ways to respond.

"I barely obtained Reconnaissance after surpassing the 50th floor, so this is really fast."

The ghost exclaimed. Being a ghost who had descended into the labyrinth, it knew well the value Reconnaissance held in this place.

"Patience? That's a first."
Here is the translation of the text from Korean to English:

"In contrast, Perseverance showed little response. It wasn't a skill that showed much response. All it had was the efficiency boost in repetitive tasks. So, it had little merit.

Things will react differently when you know you can get more.

Taesan confirmed the rewards.

[Ore Protecting the Core] [Special ore that protected the Golem's core. Refinable.]

This seemed suitable for the blacksmith. And the other one.

[Fragment of the Spirit King] [Part of the power contained by the Spirit King. All spirits would desire it.]

What spirits desire. Perhaps the insane spirits wouldn't be any different.

Taesan sighed a bit. He returned to the insane spirit to complete the quest.

"You have activated Reconnaissance." [Insane White Spirit] [Status: Unstable] [Child desiring perfection and thirsting for revenge.]

Information about the spirit appeared. The spirit grinned and waved at him.

"Hey! How did it go?"

"Here."

Taesan handed over the spring water. The spirit accepted it with a bright smile, stretching out its arms.

"Great! With this, I can become a bit more complete too!"

The white spirit placed its hand on the spring water. The water was absorbed into the spirit's body.
Taesan felt the spirit's energy rising inside him. But it was truly faint. It seemed it would take hundreds of years to fill up even a tiny speck.

The spirit smiled and reached out to Taesan.

"Great! Here you go!" [You have cleared the spirit's quest. You have acquired the passive skill [Spirit Strike].]

Passive skill. Spirit Strike. Its effects weren't particularly impressive. It simply meant he could now attack spirits.

"Thanks! See you!"

The spirit waved goodbye. As Taesan bid farewell, he opened his inventory.

"Oh, and I also got this."

[Fragment of the Spirit King]

When Taesan took out the fragment, the spirit paused. Laughter vanished from its face for the first time since its continuous laughter began.

"...You defeated the Golem?"

Taesan nodded. The spirit reached out with trembling hands.

"Come on, let me see it for a moment."

Taesan handed it over without hesitation. The spirit, which had been absentmindedly touching the fragment, burst into laughter.

"Heh, heh! Hehehe!"

Mad laughter erupted. However, unlike before, it had a clear, bright light to it.

"You! Awesome!"

The spirit leaned in close to Taesan.

"You're different from the other guests! You're amazing! You can help me!"
The spirit began to dance.

Taesan watched silently.

"Will you help me? Great guest?" [Oh?]

The spirit's words intrigued Taesan.

It was confirmed now.

The deranged spirit wasn't just an NPC giving skills to deal with spirits.

There was another quest.

The condition was to hunt a golem. Taesan nodded.

"Sure."

"Then gather the cores for me! Cores that can make me a complete spirit! With them, I will become great!"

A quest window appeared with madness.

[Start Subquest] [The deranged spirit wants to overcome its instability and become greater. It entrusts you with the path for that.] [Reward: Everything the deranged spirit can offer.]