
Episode 109

109. 22nd Floor. God of Proof. Pavsha (2)

"This... what on earth..."

Malisten continued to scan the empty space, unable to suppress his admiration.

"Who are you?"

Taesan's doppelganger possessed all his stats and skills intact. Having confirmed all this, Malisten could only marvel.

"How can you have these stats on a lower floor like this?"

Malisten was an adventurer who had delved deep into the dungeon. Naturally, he knew the capabilities of adventurers on lower floors.

Therefore, he could only be astonished. Taesan's stats far exceeded what could be achieved on the 22nd floor. As far as Malisten knew, there was no means to reach such heights.

"Did you receive several apostle contracts? It's still tough... This is intriguing."

But that wasn't the main focus. Of course, the stats were impressive, but not unattainable. In other words, once reaching the 30th floor, anyone could achieve such stats.

But it wasn't about the skills.

"How did you learn dark magic?"
Taesan is human. However, among the skills he possessed was dark magic. Malisten knew this was something impossible.

"The Gods are indifferent to anything beyond their own. They don't allow humans to use dark magic..."

Malisten couldn't believe how Taesan cleared the quest of the Gods, unknowing how he did it.

Moreover, Taesan's skills weren't just limited to dark magic.

"He learned magic too?"

Taesan received the God of Magic's permission to easily learn from the release, but for the ordinary adventurer, it was practically impossible.

The God of Magic scrutinized adventurers heavily. Among those considered geniuses in the world of mazes, some never got an answer even once.

The genius ultimately even forgot his name. Malisten, as well, had forgotten the name.

The skills that only a few approved people could use: That's magic.

"Hold out? Nullify an attack? What about this again?"

In the end, Malisten gave a hollow laugh. Even if he went deep down, he could
"Wait, how did he learn spirit skills? And the inherited skill Werewolf? Those can't be learned unless it runs in the bloodline. How on earth?"

Each skill was a mystery. Taesan realized something strange amidst the admiring and bewildered gazes.

"Surprised by spirit skills and Werewolf?"

Taesan's Soul Skill. There is an Existence. He guessed vaguely that the soul skill rising from the explanation of skills could take the force of the opponent.

However, Malisten didn't show any signs of that kind. It seemed like soul skill did not exist in Malisten's skill.

"Uh."

Malisten, who couldn't hide his surprise for a long time, barely calmed down.

"If this happens, it's not. It's a very rude thing to do to Pabsha."

Malisten held his sword. It was an artifact from Cabert, like Taesan. He laughed softly.

"It will be an amazing and pleasant experience."

He banged his foot. The cold emerged behind him.

[Malisten has activated Frost Arrow.] [Malisten has activated Magic Acceleration.]

Watching the flying arrows, Taesan was convinced. Malisten fought him with the stats and skills he possessed.
Here is the translation of the text:

Taesan dodged the frost arrows as Malisten pounded the ground.

[Malisten has activated Acceleration.] [You have activated Aerial Leap.]

Malisten, speeding through the air, raced towards Taesan. Taesan retaliated by launching frost arrows that pierced Malisten's back.

[Malisten's first attack nullification has been activated.]

"Well, this is strange. I'm not used to this skill."

Sensing the activation of nullification, Malisten rushed at Taesan with an uneasy expression.

Clang!

Sword clashed with sword. From Malisten's hand, a storm-worn sword similar to Taesan's Storm Fang was unveiled. Taesan, wielding his own first sword, Wolf's Fang, pressed forward.

"Hmm."

Malisten moved his hand with a serious expression. His reversed grip sword moved dazzlingly, aiming for Taesan's armpit.

Taesan quickly withdrew his arm. Malisten twisted his waist sideways, then spun his body in a circle like a hurricane, beginning to strike at Taesan.

Clang clang!

With the sound of swords clashing, Taesan was pushed backwards.

"What's that?"

[What are you doing?]

The ghost seemed uncomfortable, giving a sarcastic remark.
Here is the English translation of the text:

"Why are you mixing your swordsmanship with someone else's?"

"The experiences engraved in the soul don't disappear just because of a new body. I was curious about the warrior's swordsmanship, so I tried mixing it once. It doesn't seem to be working well."

As Malisten spoke, he rushed forward. There was no gap in the moving sword.

Clang!

Taesan was pushed back.

He was indeed strong. The ghost had said he was an adventurer who focused on swordsmanship. Despite using the Storm-Worn Sword for the first time, Malisten handled it more smoothly than Taesan.

"He's strong."

He was in a different league from any adventurer he had seen so far.

But that was it.

Ta-san.

Taesan plunged his body downward. Malisten immediately swung his sword down.

"You have activated Parry."

The sword strike was deflected. But Malisten remained unfazed. He was someone who had delved deeply into the art. There was no way he wouldn't know how to parry.

"Malisten has activated Counter."

A forced counterattack technique. Even with a body thrown off balance, it corrected his posture, a move Taesan often used.
Here is the translation of the text:

"And as he frequently used it, he knew the parrying technique well. Taesan widened the distance and activated Ignition. Expecting Malisten to charge straight in, Taesan momentarily startled and parried Ignition."

In that process, Counter disappeared. Taesan thrust his sword again as Malisten was momentarily confused.

"Hmm."

"[Malisten has activated Drop]." "[You have activated Thunderclap]."

Simultaneously with Drop, Thunderclap activated Drop. Trusting in Drop, Malisten rushed forward, and Taesan's sword pierced through Malisten's chest.

Malisten was taken aback but immediately reacted. As he lifted his sword to counterattack, Attack Nullification activated.

"[Malisten's second attack is completely nullified]."

Taesan's body returned to before the attack and immediately withdrew.

Malisten, unaware that Attack Nullification erased the attack, slashed through the air, and Taesan didn't miss the opportunity.

The third Attack Nullification activated.

Finally understanding the mechanism of Attack Nullification, Malisten rushed at Taesan, but Taesan had already widened the distance. Thunderclap struck Malisten directly, dealing damage.

"Uh, ugh."

Confusion didn't leave Malisten's face.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Taesan plants his feet firmly. Activating Acceleration, he clashes with Malisten's sword. Their stats are evenly matched. Neither gives ground.

"[You have activated Freedom of Choice]."

Freedom of Choice. The God of Choice. As a reward from Maria, you can alter your stat values.

Taesan converts Agility into Strength. Momentarily gaining the upper hand in strength, he pushes Malisten back. Malisten, belatedly realizing and activating his skill, but it’s already too late.

"[You have activated Marcothias's False Flame]."

Material in the form of flames engulfs Malisten, inflicting continuous damage on him.

Taesan widens the distance and charges again.

From then on, it was a repetition. Malisten tries to push back with the skills and swordsmanship Taesan possesses, but everything he tries gets parried by Taesan and rebounds back at him.

"Well, this is how it goes."

The ghost muttered calmly.

Drop, which deflects the attack itself. Counter, which counters the opponent's attack. They were all excellent skills. Most adventurers used them extensively, and even hard mode players favored them as essential skills.
However, Taesan possessed several skills that even overshadowed those two skills. Each skill alone was capable of overwhelming opponents of the same level.

Of course, having powerful skills and effectively utilizing them were entirely separate matters.

Malisten was a prime example of this.

Having delved deeply into his new skills, he possessed the ability to use them as naturally as water flows. If he hadn't been capable from the outset, he would have perished before delving into such depths.

Yet even such a Malisten could not offer significant resistance against Taesan and was pushed back.

Even if he were to fight after thoroughly understanding Taesan's skills, the outcome would likely be similar to now.

That's how exceptional Taesan's skill utilization was.

Unless Malisten could regain the strength to perfectly wield the skills he had used in his lifetime, he would not be able to gain the upper hand.

The ghost chuckled.

It was quite a humorous situation.

Just as the adventurer who had trained in the depths for decades on the 22nd floor could perfectly wield his own strength.

"...What if it were me?"

If he were to fight against Taesan, what kind of outcome would unfold?
Malisten was strong, but compared to him, he was weak. He was the only adventurer granted the title of a hero here, and he was called the existence who would soon conquer the labyrinth.

Taesan's skill utilization ability was superior to his. However, Malisten had swordsmanship.

Suddenly, forgotten pride sparked but quickly dwindled.

It was an impossible task. He was already a deceased being.

The ghost quietly watched their fight.

* * *

The battle had been going on for quite some time. Due to Taesan's high stamina, Malisten had to land over ten solid blows to affect him. As time passed, Malisten became increasingly familiar with Taesan's skills, and when half his health was gone, he could handle them skillfully.

Yet the difference between him and Taesan was clear.

"Malisten's resilience has been activated. The attack leading to death has been nullified. All damage is reduced to zero for 1 second."

"Well, well."

Malisten let out a bitter laugh.

"This is the first time I've been so helplessly defeated since losing to the hero."

Simply put, Taesan was superior to him. Ironically, the adventurer on the 22nd floor before his eyes was already perfected in the concept of skills.
In his previous life as an easy mode, the completed battle on Earth had occurred. But to Malisten, who did not know that, it was simply marvelous.

"I'm sorry to have disappointed you, Fabsha."

The black space surrounding them trembled for a moment. Malisten chuckled softly, as if he understood something.

"Thank you for those kind words. May God bless you."

Malisten slowly got up.

Though he could endure one more blow, he seemed to have no more will to fight.

"If it were you, Fabsha, you would probably make the same proposal. Do you not intend to accept?"

"I'm sorry, but I have no intention of doing so."

What happens to adventurers bound by the apostle's contract after death?

Malisten seemed to be demonstrating that statement. After death, one must move according to the will of God. Taesan had no intention of doing so.

Perhaps realizing this, Malisten did not propose anything further.

"It's somewhat comfortable once you get used to it. Fabsha is merciful, so if I were hers, she might treat me kindly... Well, I can't force it."

Malisten grinned. Taesan's appearance distorted, showing the worn-out figure of an old man.

"It was enjoyable after a long time, adventurer."
[Your level has increased.] [Your Enchantment Rise has been triggered. Proficiency in all skills except the soul skill [Enchantment Rise] will increase.]

Suddenly, a system window appears containing information that momentarily stops the accident. Before properly confirming it, another system window pops up.

[You have passed Fabsha's trial. According to Fabsha's evaluation, you are rewarded.] [Fabsha is greatly satisfied with your proof and wishes to give you a fitting reward.] [Fabsha's interference area has decreased.] [Fabsha rewards you. You have received the [Dagger of the Proven].] [You have cleared a strengthened trial. Additional rewards follow.] [You have obtained the special passive skill [Enchantment of the Proven].] [Fabsha proposes the Apostle's Contract to you.]