
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 116

116. 25th floor. Special activation skill. Plus.

[I-yeon[alone] : Ah... ] [Kang Jun-hyeok[alone] : I don't really understand this, do you?] [Kang Tae-san[alone] : I'm saying it because it's true.] [I-yeon[alone] : Hmm, I don't get it. When I see the skill acquisition conditions, I think I'm crazy, but this is taking it to the next level, isn't it?]

***

The shop owner, who had been watching, gave a puzzled look.

"What's going on? I thought I'd gather a bit more money and then take action."

"You should prepare a bit."

He was remembering his second return, so even if he left now, he would be fine. He could handle it alone and come back without any harm.

But that's not going to happen.

So he had to prepare.

Tae-san grasped the whip in his hand as he went down the floor.

"Looks like it was around here."

Before leaving, he wanted to get something.

As he entered the 25th floor, a black spirit appeared.

[A dark spirit appeared.]

"What's this again?"
Here is the translation of the text:

The spirits of the physical world rushed towards Taesan after seeing it. The whip that had been wrapped around Taesan's arm suddenly sprang out and lashed at the spirit.

Taesan had attached a self-defense mechanism to its arm, which emitted a strange aura.

"Is this good?"

For other players, this would be a flaw, as the damage dealt was only 25 and it was the spirit's own doing. However, for Taesan, which has the "Irilak" skill, it was an extremely good thing, as it obtained an automatic moving tool with an attack power of 175.

We should test it out, but for Taesan, it was definitely a good weapon.

The spirit that was struck by the whip flew away.

Pfft.

However, the damage gauge did not appear. Instead, the spirit's body was torn apart.

"What?"

Taesan's pupils expanded.

The spirit had split into two.

[The Dark Spirit appeared.] [The 2nd Dark Spirit appeared.]

"Split?"

[The Dark Spirit is a spirit with no fixed form and no mass.]

The ghost explained calmly.

[In the first attack, we don't take damage and split. And once we split, there is no cool-down time. You should catch us within that time. Normally, it's an annoying enemy, but it's nothing to you, right?]
Here is the translation of the text:

They split into two, and if they can't be caught within a certain time, they will split again. Although it was a troublesome monster, it was no problem to handle with Taesan's current stats.

But Taesan smiled.

"Bingo."

Iteyoen told him a lot of things, including information about the splitting spirit.

Most of what she said was ignored, but he remembered the information properly.

The reason was that it would make it much easier to obtain.

"One week. Is it possible?"

Taesan muttered to himself and waited quietly. He only dodged the spirit's attacks and did not counterattack.

"What's the cooldown time?"

[Uh... 3 minutes?]

"It's worth waiting for."

Taesan blocked and dodged, waiting. After 3 minutes, he swung his sword.

Splashing sound.

The two spirits separated. Eight spirits appeared in the room.

At the same time, the spirits attacked again, and Taesan dodged once more.

And after 3 minutes, Taesan swung his sword again. The spirits were beaten, and 16 appeared.

There were too many to dodge, so Taesan used forced combat to save time.

[A lot, indeed.]
Here is the translation of the text:

"It looks like it's fine."

So many spirits were packed into the room. It was hard to find a place to move around, it was so crowded.

"What's going on?"

The ghost looked puzzled.

"Are you making a skill?"

"I'm well aware."

"Well, it's time to make one, then."

After looking at it several times, the ghost's expression became more calm. The ghost asked curiously.

"But what skill are you trying to make with this?"

The ghost watched the process of obtaining a forced battle and nullifying attacks in real-time. Even this ghost couldn't understand the preparation process.

"Yes."

Taesan held a sword in both hands and stood still, muttering to himself.

"The timing is good."

"What timing?"

"Existences that invade the earth are not gods of the past. Could they not have noticed my existence?"

The ghost was silent for a moment before speaking.

"It... is not very likely."

"Ah, I guess they know something about me."

The gods of the labyrinth, Ma Shin and Maria, knew Taesan's past, that he had gone back in time.
Here is the translation of the text:

The transcendent beings were unaffected by the flow of time. And that was the same for the gods as well.

Although the gods had lost to the current gods, humans like that were bound to lose. This could be seen in the strength of the monsters that appeared on the doomed earth.

Could such a being not notice the distortion of time, since he had gone back to the past?

The possibility was low. In fact, the god of war also said so. It's hard, don't die and come back.

So, he had to become stronger.

He had to have a card that could counter the intervention of the gods waiting to kill him.

"This skill is possible, right."

[What kind of skill is this? Don't be curious and just tell me.]

The ghost asked with a sense of annoyance. Tai Shan blocked the attack of the spirit and answered.

"Addition."

[Addition?]

"It's a skill that doubles the attack power."

[What's this? Is it an additional strengthening plan? That's a good skill.]

The ghost asked with an interested voice.

[So what's the condition?]

Please note that the text appears to be a conversation between characters in a fantasy setting, and some details may be specific to that context.
Here is the translation of the text:

Specter thought that the condition was that the additional damage from adding was naturally added to the basic attack power, and did not affect other skills. Considering its strength, it was a natural penalty because it was a good skill.

Taesan replied, "None."

"What do you mean?"

Specter was taken aback.

"Is the condition none?"

"Exactly as I said. The damage dealt will increase by a fixed 200%."

"...Fixed?"

"Fixed."

"What the heck."

Specter was startled. And it was a fitting response.

"What's the skill?"

The skill "Addition" is a skill that adds the half of the displayed attack power to the basic attack power, which is displayed on the stats window. The displayed attack power is increased by the same amount, and it does not apply to various attack power buffs and debuffs such as critical hits, weak points, and consecutive attacks, and so on.

However, despite being such a skill, "Addition" is also a favorite among hardcore mode players, increasing attack power.

But "Addition" is actually double the damage dealt.

Weak point attacks, critical hits, consecutive attacks, and many other attack power buffs and conditions.

All of these are doubled by "Addition". The difference between "Addition" and "Addition" is so great that it's embarrassing to compare.

"[Addition] is so weak that it's crawling on its knees, but it's a fixed 200%? What kind of skill is that?"

Specter spoke with a tone of shock.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Just looking at the numbers, it seems like it's gotten twice as strong, right?]

"That's right."

[Uh-huh.]

The ghost was shocked. Even the skills she had before were like that, but this one was even more so. It was a skill that would make someone laugh at someone who said something like that.

And a natural question arose.

[How did you learn such a skill?]

The skill had a condition for acquisition. The most common condition was to pull out a similar effect to the skill.

[Isn't it impossible to create a damage of twice the attack power? Can't we use quick attacks or strong strikes?]

"It's not that easy, you know? If you use an attack power increasing skill, you won't learn the addition skill."

If it were possible, even a cow or a dog would be learning addition. But no one except Yeol-eun was able to learn addition.

[So, what did you learn?]

"The Tenacity Skill."

[Hmm?]

"Didn't you learn it together with reconnaissance?"

[... Ah, a skill that increases efficiency through repeated actions?]
Here is the translation of the text:

The ghost's attitude was late to dawn on him. Even back then, he didn't place much value on perseverance, only paying attention to reconnaissance.

[Can I get an addition to that? I don't understand.]

"I'll see."

Tai Shan swung his sword. The spirit in front of him was cut in half.

[Damage to Dark Spirit 102: 243.]

As a monster that splits, its vitality was surprisingly low. When one spirit died, another spirit lifted its body.

Tai Shan didn't dodge. He didn't move his feet back or change his stance.

He took a deep breath and used his entire body's muscles to bring his sword down in the same stance as before.

[Damage to Dark Spirit 100: 244.]

The spirits attacked. Tai Shan didn't change his stance and just brought his sword down.

[Damage to Dark Spirit 95: 245.] [Damage to Dark Spirit 53: 247.] [Huh?]

The ghost realized.

[Damage is... increasing a little bit?]

The effect of perseverance is simple. Efficiency increases when repeating actions, and this includes damage.

Here, efficiency includes damage as well.

[I think it would be two times the damage if I do it like this, right?]
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san wielded his sword instead of answering.

[Dealt 249 damage to Dark Spirit 12.]

The ghost was certain.

[That's right.]

Tae-san continued to wield his sword. Each time, the damage increased slightly.

This skill requires perseverance and can be learned with hundreds of enemies prepared.

That's what it was.

The condition itself was not very difficult. One needs to repeat the actions until their mind goes numb, but there is no restriction, and in the labyrinth's numerous layers, hundreds of enemies will appear one by one.

However, the addition skill was difficult to learn even when the condition was met.

The spirit approached Tae-san. Tae-san brought down his sword as before.

And before Tae-san could straighten up, another spirit came rushing in.

Tae-san drew his sword again and brought it down. The speed was slightly different from before, but it was a discernible difference.

[Dealt 243 damage to Dark Spirit 44.]

The damage was back to what it was at the start of the attack.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san calmly summoned the spirits again and attacked, creating a large number and then readjusting his stance before striking down with his sword.

[Dealt 244 damage to Spirit 86.]

Starting from the beginning again.

The second attempt was on the 24th attack, when two spirits suddenly appeared on the left side, making it difficult to see with the eyes due to the distance. The damage was reset to initial. Started again.

The third attempt was on the 35th attack, when the spirit received the attack and rushed forward. A bit more strength was added to the fingertips. The damage was reset.

The fourth attempt began.

The ghost realized.

[Is it really not allowing even a tiny mistake?]

The subtle movement of the muscles entering the palm, the distance between the feet, and the speed of the sword movement.

The direction of the sword, the direction of the gaze, the location of the impact, and the position where the sword was stopped.

Every process, including the breathing rhythm after completing the process, had to be perfectly synchronized for the Ki to activate.

Tae-san's damage was around 240. To get the additional damage of 480, he had to reach that point.

[What's this crazy nonsense?]
Here is the translation of the text:

I had repeated the same movements many times to hone my ghostly martial arts skills, and I had come to understand the difficulties involved.

It wasn't just simple repetition. It was a perfect synchronization. From raising my hand to moving my sword and stopping it at the tip, every movement required my full attention.

It was an indescribable torment. At least, I could say that fighting a formidable opponent who could not be defeated was more comforting for the ghost.

Not to mention that every time I defeated an enemy, my stats would increase, serving as proof of the struggle.

Since stats directly affected movement, I had to reset my strength and speed every time I attacked. This was what it meant.

Meanwhile, my fourth attempt also failed. It was because the guardian had pierced through my defense at the 40th try.

"Really? I think I can do it."

Tae-san spoke calmly and raised his sword again, assuming the stance.

There is no crisis of death. It's just a matter of repetition.

Although it may take an unpredictable amount of time, I will definitely get it eventually. That's enough.

Tae-san wielded his sword.

* * *

Time passed.
Here is the translation of the text:

It's been a while since the time passed. One day becomes two, and two days become three.

The Great Mountain just kept repeating itself during that time.

Boom!

How many times is this? I've lost count of the numbers. I've already exceeded a hundred times, I'm sure.

[Fool!]

The ghost muttered to himself, having almost achieved his goal after dozens of attempts. He was just three times away from doubling his success, but it was ruined by a very small variable.

I was about to explode with anger, but the Great Mountain just drew his sword again without changing his expression.

It was like looking at a machine without emotions.

[Aren't you angry?]

"I'm not angry. My emotions are shaken, but I'm used to it."

He had made countless efforts to obtain skills, but most of them failed, and he had invested months but achieved nothing. There were also many cases where his efforts were useless.

It was barely worth the three-day effort.

'It's better to be this way.'

If I work hard for just a week, I can get something. What else could be better than this? The Great Mountain thought this way.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

Tae-san continued to wield the sword. The ghost didn't say a word, waiting to see if it was tired or just didn't want to interfere.

And six days have passed.

[Dark Spirit received 485 damage.] [You have pulled off a damage twice as much as usual without any special methods. You have obtained the special skill [Addition].]

Tae-san's sword stopped.

After 132 hours of labor and 1,012 failures over six days, he was finally able to obtain the addition.