
Here is the translation of the text:

Episode 124

124. B-Grade Monster (1)

Tae-san and Jung-geun examined the underground storage together. As a result, they found three more intact seed packets.

"I'm done for today."

Tae-san, who had returned to the viewing room, called out to the people.

"Is there anyone with experience in farming among you?"

After a moment, a few people raised their hands. There were tens of thousands of them, so it wasn't a small number.

Most of them were from Ji, Normal Mode.

"Can we plant these seeds?"

"Hmm..."

After examining the seeds, they reached a conclusion.

"It seems possible. Although it's been a while, they seem to be well-preserved."

"Then let's plant them."

Tae-san's words were spoken with caution.

"If we plant them now, it will take a while to get a harvest."

"And with this amount, it won't be enough for even one day's food. Farming requires a lot of water, and in this situation..."

It was a low-efficiency remark. Kim Hwi-yeon had approached, having heard the news.

"Have you already gotten what you wanted?"
Here is the translation of the text:

Kim Hwi-yeon saw the seeds in Taesan's hand and looked puzzled, just like others.

"Are you really going to plant them?"

"When you get skills in the labyrinth, what method do you get them through?"

"If you use the skill's effect similar to the way I did...... Ah."

Kim Hwi-yeon realized. The others who were fiddling with the seeds also seemed to understand.

The skill is obtained when you reproduce its effect.

Then, if you succeed in planting, you can also get the skill obtained during planting.

"Is it not a worthwhile gamble, even if it's uncertain?"

"It's definitely that. You've thought of it all."

Kim Hwi-yeon looked at Taesan with an astonished expression.

Of course, Taesan didn't realize it alone.

In the previous world, they also had concerns about food, just like now. Even if they managed to find something, they would eventually run out because there was no producer.

Note: This text appears to be a part of a fantasy novel or story, and the context may not be clear without more background information.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, it was a belated judgment. With too much time having passed, the seeds that could be found were all ruined. Since the sky's rift did not bring rain, most plants had withered away.

In a hypothetical scenario, their range of actions was gradually narrowing, and there were limitations to their exploration.

In the end, they had to risk their lives to search the entire Korean land.

Fortunately, they managed to find the potatoes that had survived in their natural state.

Of course, one or two potatoes were far from enough, but since self-sufficiency was necessary, they decided to cultivate potatoes, and in the process, they could learn to cultivate.

Only later did they discover the existence of skills, and they hastily looked for things that could be cultivated, but it was impossible.

So, it was all prepared in advance.

"It would definitely be a great help if such skills existed... Let's all work together."

"Ah, I see... Then..."

The ones who received the seeds hesitated. Kim Hui-yeon sensed what they were trying to say and replied with a natural tone.

"Of course, you will all benefit. When the sprouts emerge, I will definitely do it. Don't worry and just focus on cultivation."

With bright faces, they took the seeds away.

Tae-san also took a few and planted them in the ground.
Here is the translation of the text:

After a few hours, the people who went to search for food returned. Kim Hwi-yeon's expression brightened as she compared the number of people who didn't return and the amount of food they brought back.

There were no dead people. The amount of food was even more than expected, probably because it was their first search.

"I'll distribute the food!"

The people received the food, although in small quantities. Of course, there were differences. The people in Hard Mode and Solo Mode got the most, followed by Normal Mode, and then Easy Mode.

However, there was no big commotion. The people had already become accustomed to the hardships in Yongin, so their expectations were low, and the provided food was not enough to fill their bellies. The first distribution passed without incident.

After that, the same routine repeated. They went to search for food, brought it back, and distributed it. If you exclude occasional interactions to manage their strength, it was a flat week.

And the seeds they had planted were also starting to sprout.

"I thought it would be hard because the sun isn't visible, but it's growing faster than I expected."

Green shoots were growing on the ground. However, their expressions were gloomy.

"It won't grow enough to be edible. The environment is too bad."

"That doesn't matter."
Here is the translation of the text:

As long as you grow up to a certain standard, that's enough. The Heavenly Mountain has already confirmed this in the previous world.

The seeds sown by the Heavenly Mountain have also sprouted slightly.

And then the wave began.

* * *

[The first wave has started.] [Rewards will be distributed differently according to performance, and those who return to the labyrinth will receive rewards.]

At the edge of the horizon, there are monsters that can reach out to everything in sight.

“Ah…….”

“What, what is this many?”

The faces of those who were exhausted by the sea turned white. Kim Hui-yeon calmed her mind and shouted.

“We can survive!”

And the battle began. Thousands of people somehow wielded their weapons and repelled the monsters.

“Ah!”

The monsters were beheaded by Lee Tae-yeon's side, and the Heavenly Mountain passed by, causing the monsters' limbs to be torn apart and their bodies to disintegrate.

Kwak!

The fist that was swung not only cut down the monsters but also sent the surrounding monsters flying. The Heavenly Mountain used magic and skills to defeat thousands, tens of thousands of monsters.

A day passed, and finally, the last monster fell.

“We won!”

“We survived!”
Here is the translation of the given text:

Everyone was delighted and lamented. Kim Hui-yeon's face, who had confirmed the damage, was not dark either. Although there were some dead, the number was extremely small. With this scale, most people could have survived until the end.

Those who found hope moved even more vigorously. They cultivated seeds, obtained food, and strengthened their bodies. Thanks to this, they were able to block the second wave that occurred a week later without suffering significant damage.

At that time, everyone was rejoicing, but Tai-san was looking up at the sky with a hesitant expression.

"What's going on?"

It was not unusual that they had blocked the wave without any problems.

The monsters themselves were not that strong in the second return. They were mostly F-grade monsters and a few E-grade monsters, similar to the first return.

Players in the current hard mode could easily defeat E-grade monsters in a linked battle.

People had died in the second return because of the conflict between different modes and food shortages, not because of the monsters. With Tai-san's help, the two problems were solved, and it was normal for there to be no major incidents.

However, Tai-san's expression was not good.

"How powerful will you become?"

The power felt from the crack in the sky was twice as strong as when they first returned.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's dangerous."

Tae-san's expression was not good. At first, I thought only one monster would appear. Even that, I expected a monster of C-grade level, which Tae-san could handle.

But it's not that simple.

"How many will die?"

Tae-san looked at the city hall.

People were celebrating their victory and rejoicing. Although some people were struggling with hunger, no one was desperate.

The people in easy and normal mode were weak.

Tae-san told Seo-jang-san that there was no difference between them and the easy and normal players, but that was just a way to crush Seo-jang-san's pride. The difference was clear.

If there were no hard mode players in the previous life, it was likely that they would not have survived that far.

The last one to survive, an easy mode player, could see that Tae-san was alone.

In reality, death was almost certain for all easy mode players. Tae-san knew that.
Here is the translation of the text:

Even though they knew that, there was no way. They had also been told about the skills in their previous life, but no one had learned it.

To survive, they needed a fundamentally different approach. It wasn't about skills or items.

* * *

Three weeks had passed since their return to Earth. There had been three waves, and they had all been blocked without a great sacrifice. Except for those who had gotten ahead of themselves or separated from the group, everyone had survived.

However, their food was running out. The time it took to search for food and return was getting longer, and the amount of food they could bring back was getting smaller. Tai-san had also brought back a large quantity of food, but it was still insufficient to feed nearly 10,000 people.

"I'm hungry……."

Everyone was starving, and finally, the reaping of the harvest began to shine.

"Wow!"

The man who was harvesting rice looked up at the sky and shouted loudly. Similarly, others were also shocked and let out a loud cry.

Tai-san also looked up at the sky.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Special Permanent Skill: Simplified Cultivation] [Proficiency: 1%] [All cultivation speeds up. It is not affected by heat or cold. Plants grow better and are not affected by sunlight. They require less water and have a higher chance of germination.] [You are not in a state to obtain this skill since you have escaped the labyrinth. The skill "Simplified Cultivation" is sealed.]

The method to obtain Simplified Cultivation is to wait for a certain period of time after planting the seeds. On average, it takes around three to four days.

When that time came, the people who had been taking care of the plants obtained the skills. They excitedly told Kim Hui-yeon about it. Kim Hui-yeon, who had been listening with a bright face, rushed to the cultivation site with a surprised expression.

"What kind of skill is this?"

"It's just as I said."

The excited woman's face lit up when she heard the explanation.

"That's great! I'll have less to worry about food supplies! What level is it?"

"You'll have to check after entering the labyrinth."

You cannot obtain this skill on Earth, even if you satisfy the conditions in a special way. You can only use it after returning to the labyrinth.

So, you cannot confirm its effects immediately. Kim Hui-yeon was slightly disappointed by this fact, but still had a bright face.

"Anyway, it's fortunate. If I'm lucky, I might be able to solve the problem of food supplies."
Here is the translation of the text:

Kim Hwi-yeon clenched her fist tightly. Her greatest concern was food. It was a relief that the problem was solved, and she couldn't help but feel happy.

"Only seven days left! Just hold on for that!"

Their expressions were all bright. Not only had they blocked three waves without suffering great damage, but they had also obtained a skill that could solve the food problem.

Their faces were filled with hope alone.

Tae-san gazed blankly at the landscape.

* * *

As time passed, a day was left before the fourth wave began. Everyone was armed and ready by the time Tae-san looked up at the sky.

The power emanating from the crack in the sky was even stronger than the last time.

"This is troublesome."

If it was that strong, what kind of monster would appear?

At first, I thought it would be just one. Even if it was a C-grade monster, I predicted that it would be no match for Tae-san's current abilities. Tae-san would be able to win against a C-grade monster.

But if it was that strong, the monster might not be a C-grade one.

Maybe it was a B-grade.

It wasn't the monster that would appear the second time.

"Why do you want to kill us so much?"

Tae-san smiled slightly.
The invasions of the earth by demons who have lost to the gods will surely fail. They were gathering their strength to kill the Great Mountain.

"It won't be that easy."

The Great Mountain grasped his sword.