
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 126

126. B-Grade Monster (3)

The roots, like tentacles, burst out of the ground. Black magic, which consumes magical energy, becomes increasingly effective. Space is filled instantly.

Whoosh!

The monster moves its arms, crushing the roots. The tree roots, snapped like a twig, are calmly watched by Tai-san.

I knew it was impossible to stop the monster with these roots. I used them for another reason.

Tai-san's foot lands.

[You have activated acceleration.]

The sound of air bursting forth and the body heading towards the monster. Tai-san flies while rapidly manifesting magic.

Thud.

A hail of frost arrows is drawn in the air, five in total. They all accelerate and fly towards Tai-san.

Kwaang!

The monster, which was crushing the tree roots, swings its fist towards the hail of frost arrows at the moment it appears.

[You have activated a magic explosion.]

Thud-thud!

The hail of frost arrows explodes. Ice shards pierce the monster's entire body.
Here is the translation of the text:

Due to the sudden situation, the monster momentarily stopped, but quickly moved its arms to block everything. Thousands of ice fragments shattered and broke apart.

Meanwhile, Tai Shan arrived in front of the monster.

Tai Shan began to attack, and the monster blocked everything.

The monster is overwhelmingly faster than Tai Shan. No matter how much of an opening it leaves or tries to find a gap, it can block it without any problems. The monster that blocked all the attacks counterattacks. The four fists aimed at Tai Shan.

However, Tai Shan seemed to anticipate the monster's counterattack and moved quickly.

[You have activated Thunderbolt.]

Thunderbolt is an instant skill that is hard to dodge, but the monster dodged it. The moment the Thunderbolt was executed, the monster rolled around and got out of range.

And Tai Shan had already arrived at the spot where the monster dodged.

Tai Shan's sword pierced the monster.

[Monster 48881 took 921 damage.] [Monster 48881 took 432 damage.] [Oh?]

The ghost who watched the series of events couldn't help but make a voice.

The ghost had once been an adventurer who had gone down to the depths. For him, the current battle between the two was like a yawn. Therefore, he noticed what Tai Shan was doing just now.
Here is the translation of the text:

Summoning the roots of the tree, it prevents the monster from moving towards us and dashes forward like a frost arrow. Some of them accelerate their speed to prevent timely counterattacks.

Then, it attempts a surprise attack like a sudden strike. However, the monster also has the power to block this. So, it simultaneously creates distance and unleashes a lightning strike.

The monster can also dodge the lightning strike. But lightning is an instant spell, and even the monster can't easily respond to it. It's a matter of solely dodging.

After that, it becomes difficult to block the attack. So, it goes to a previously prepared position to hit the attack.

[Isn't this amazing? Is it prediction or experience? Is it a perfect strategy?]

Each step builds up to create the result. Few ghosts have created such a clean result.

"The strong one is only strong."

Tai Shan muttered in a lazy tone.

The B-grade monster is definitely strong. Although it's specialized, it's not far behind Tai Shan in terms of strength. Since it has an overwhelming advantage in speed, it's almost impossible to win if you fight without knowing the information.

However, there's a different story for this one.

"This is a very good condition compared to before."
Here is the translation of the text:

In the previous world, he was a player in easy mode. Even if he stacked buffs and skills, his basic stats were miserable, and his limits were very low.

No matter how he added or multiplied damage, the basic stats that handled movement were not even up to hard mode standards.

But he won. Against S-grade monsters, against demons.

He was extremely familiar with the movement and behavior patterns of monsters. Even B-grade monsters, let alone specialized ones, were no problem.

It was because of this.

The monster kicked the ground. Its speed was faster than ever before. It was a speed that couldn't be caught up with by human eyes.

But Taesan didn't panic and drew his sword.

"That's not something you can control your own speed."

Specialized ones are inferior to everything except speed. It's not an exaggeration to say that speed has developed abnormally.

Of course, judgment, thinking, and sense couldn't keep up with speed.

It's almost like planning a path and moving one's body accordingly.

So, he could read it. He recalled the speed and movement of hundreds of specialized ones he had fought against and twisted his body to strike with his sword.

Kaang!

A huge collision occurred. Dust scattered and flew everywhere.
Here is the translation of the text:

The monster's face was filled with unease.

Pfft.

The monster's body disappeared again. Tai Shan moved his hand roughly.

[You have triggered the spread of cells.]

Ice fragments collided and filled the space. At the same time, a loud noise echoed out. It was the fragments of the monster that had spread and collided.

The monster was startled and stopped moving.

Tai Shan accelerated and quickly approached the monster.

Ka ka ka!

The sword clashed. In that situation, Tai Shan activated his transparency. His body became transparent for a moment.

The monster's arm, which was about to counterattack, suddenly stopped. The monster was stunned. If it had been more intelligent and had a better sense of awareness, it would have noticed that Tai Shan had moved away and would not have approached. It was startled and stopped moving.

And the price was great.

Pfft.

Tai Shan's sword struck the monster's head and knocked it backwards. He struck the monster's chest with a single blow.

The monster wildly flailed its arm and moved. The ground cracked and the air burst out like an explosion.

"What kind of chaotic pattern is this?"
Here is the translation:

The counter is useless. It's not a skill that counterattacks or predicts, but rather a futile attempt to fail. Even if you use it, you'll just end up getting defeated.

Taesan activated the spread of tiny particles, just like before. Although it was a low-level magic, the monster with a speed-based specialization had low vitality, so it couldn't be ignored.

The monster was stunned by the flying ice fragments, and Taesan didn't let the opportunity slip away.

Ka ka ka!

Taesan pressured the monster with his sword and activated his magic, black magic, and skills to limit the monster's movement paths.

Kwajik.

And by predicting where the monster would move, he successfully attacked.

Now the monster's vitality is less than half.

The monster raged and tried to charge, but its limits were clear. With such a huge difference in vitality, it was only a matter of waiting for Taesan's victory. The monster's attacks were just dodged and countered, allowing Taesan to gradually whittle down its vitality.

"It's been a long time since I've had fun."

Taesan muttered to himself as he saw the approaching monster, and then stomped his foot. He scattered fake flames around himself, making the monster stop, and then used his aerial jump and acceleration to pin the monster to the ground.

The monster that Taesan had pinned to the ground struggled, but he firmly subdued it and grabbed it.
Here is the translation of the text:

"휴."

The Great Mountain takes a breath.

It's not difficult, but it's still a powerful monster. To succeed in one attack, it needs to go through a complex process, so it took some time.

Looking towards the audience, there was complete silence, with no sound at all.

Many must have died.

But they won't be defeated.

The Great Mountain inserts a sword into the monster's face. The dormant power bursts out, shooting up towards the sky.

The sky's rift suddenly trembles.

A giant eye gazes down at the ground.

Inside, there was anger.

That anger contained a power that could crush the spirit of those who watched and break their hearts, like a god.

The Great Mountain mocks it.

"I'll send down an even stronger one next time."

The monster's power completely disappears from the ground.

[Your ascension as a hero has been triggered. The skill level of ??? has increased by 5%.]

And a system window pops up.

[Secret Quest Success] [The God of Battle and Death descends.]

"Ah, ah..."
Here is the translation of the text:

Kim Hwi-yeon's face was drenched with sweat as she collapsed onto the floor. She felt a strong pain emanating from her back and scrunched up her face.

"Ah...!"

"Hey, older sister, are you okay?"

"Not okay."

Kim Hwi-yeon's response made her grit her teeth and slowly get up with pain.

"Did we win?"

"Just barely... thanks to you, older sister."

The E-grade monster and the D-grade monster. Although the difference between them was not yet clear, it was definitely noticeable.

The D-grade monster was unable to properly counterattack even when it was wrapped in hard mode. It was a monster that required at least 20 to suppress.

However, the E-grade monsters that were about to attack were panicking. The fear of death was controlling them.

Kim Hwi-yeon shouted desperately to them.

She sensed the D-grade level and paired up with Lee Tae-yeon and Kang Joon-hyeok. She added a few hard mode monsters as backup and had the E-grade monsters fight in turn with normal mode and hard mode.

As long as the player received protection from the health system and coordinated perfectly, the risk of death was low.

With timely and tidy responses, they were able to win.

However, the damage was not small.
Here is the translation of the text:

"How many people died?"

"I don't know exactly, but it's about half, I think."

Kim Hui-yeon gritted her teeth. It was a significant sacrifice. Thinking about the 20% of people who died in the war, it was a terrible loss.

"How about Taeyoung and Jun-hyeok?"

"They were injured, but they don't have serious wounds. That's amazing. They can withstand even against such a monster..."

"That's good."

She gripped her sword. Her moving figure surprised Jung-geun.

"What are you going to do again? You need to rest."

"I can't rest yet. There's still Taesan."

"Ah..."

Jung-geun's face turned pale.

Taesan went to fight against a terrifying monster. Although he's strong, the monster was incredibly powerful, and he couldn't promise to win.

Kim Hui-yeon said with pain.

"Summon the normal people. We need to help Taesan..."

Her words were cut off.

"Uh?"

Her pupils trembled. A powerful force was felt from the direction Taesan went.

That force was wrapping around the entire Earth.

"Ah, ah..."
Here is the translation of the text:

She was trembling. It was a power that couldn't be recognized, not even properly. It was a wave of power that could be compared to dust, not even a flea's.

"Uh, sister?"

"Just a moment!"

Only Taeyeon and Kang Junhyuk recognized what kind of power this was. Taeyeon was shocked and shouted.

"Why can I feel the power of the gods here?"

*

[Oh... um... mmm.]

The ghost lost its words and trembled. But it was a strange appearance that didn't fit with its usual self.

Kuung!

The ground cracked open, and a dark throne rose up. The throne was decorated with sharp thorns and knives, giving off a cold, eerie feeling.

The owner of the empty throne was a being known even to the Taesan.

"Rakiratas..."

[Yes, a being of mortality. I am Rakiratas. A being who governs strife and death.]

A flat, unemotional voice rang out. And the Taesan remembered the voice it had heard before.

"Maria. The god who interfered with my world when I was with the goddess was you, wasn't it?"

When Maria sent him away, a god had invaded her world.

It was vaguely guessed, and now it was clear.

[That's settled.]
Here is the translation of the text:

Rakiratas's voice was filled with a faint sense of annoyance. As the divine emotion spread, the air grew distorted and died.

The existence that twisted matter and trampled on concepts, that was God.

Taesan was taken aback. The fact that God was affecting the earth, which meant that Rakiratas had truly descended, left him speechless. Even the ghost was at a loss for words, its tail wagging in confusion.

"Why... are you here? If you're going to occupy this place, you must pay the price. But what price could I possibly pay that would mean anything to you?"

"That's not the case."

The monster was defeated, and suddenly Rakiratas descended. The timing was too coincidental.

Rakiratas spoke.

"It was a contract like that. A contract, you say? First, let's start fulfilling the contract."

Rakiratas's power burst forth. He stretched out towards the earth, enveloping Taesan and all humans.

"Manifestation of divine power." "Blessing has been bestowed."