
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 129

129. The Will of the World (2)

As we went up to the 20th floor, the captain of the ship was still holding onto his position just like when he was leaving.

Harpun's eyes widened as he saw the Taesan he had been searching for.

"I thought you had disappeared for good, but I see you're still alive."

"I had a place to go."

Harpun listened to Taesan's calm words and was taken aback.

"You've changed. I've seen many adventurers, but none as strong as you. What kind of trick is this?"

"I just did a lot of things randomly."

After a brief conversation, Harpun got down to business.

"So, what's going on?"

"Is there something you want to ask? You came from a world that was destroyed, didn't you?"

"Yes."

Harpun's expression was calm. Despite the fact that the world he was familiar with had been destroyed, his face showed no emotion.

"It was said that the will of the world destroyed the world. Can you tell me about the process?"

"I can tell you about it, but... I don't think it's something you'd be curious about. Why?"

(Note: I translated "제 129화" as "Chapter 129", assuming it's a chapter title. If it's meant to be something else, please let me know.)
Here is the translation of the text:

"There's something we should know."

I can't talk about the dimensional ascension. Thinking about the reactions of NPCs that we've seen so far, I couldn't imagine what would happen to Halfdan when we knew the existence of dimensional ascension.

Halfdan's face contorted slightly, and she opened her mouth.

"It doesn't matter, it's enough to be approximate, right?"

Tai Shan nodded his head.

"Our world is trying to kill us. We don't know why. Even when we were on the brink of destruction, there were people who were researching a solution, but they all turned to dust. Thinking back, there were signs before."

Halfdan began to explain.

"At some point, birds suddenly died, or a huge lake suddenly dried up, or mountains with fire inside exploded. At that time, we thought it was strange, but we didn't take it seriously."

The lake can suddenly dry up. The birds may have caught a disease. There could be an earthquake or a volcanic eruption.
Here is the translation of the text:

"At first, we thought it was just a natural disaster, so the residents of the world focused on dealing with the aftermath and didn't bother to find out the reason.

"But as time passed, it only got worse. The mountain started spewing out fire, and the vast river suddenly dried up. It was then that we realized we had done something wrong.

"There was a threat to our survival.

"People who realized this fact started moving to find out the reason, but they found nothing.

"There were those who believed it was the work of the devil, and others who thought it was just a joke by a transcendent being. But we couldn't find anything with such thinking.

"In the end, we found nothing and slowly perished.

"The once bustling city had turned into a desert. The sea had dried up. Buildings had turned to sand and collapsed, and all living things were dying. It was then that we realized the stars were killing us, but by then it was too late. Even if we had known, we couldn't have done anything about it.

"What could we do against the stars that were killing us? The only thing we could do was to leave the stars.

"And so, we perished. I alone survived, stuck in a labyrinth."
Here is the translation of the text:

Halfran finished speaking calmly.

"Did you solve the mystery?"

"Not exactly."

Tae-san scratched his head.

After listening to Halfran's words, it became clear.

It was as if he had intentionally destroyed the world he lived in.

In other words, the skill he obtained might be related to the skills he possessed.

There was a way to verify this.

"Can you go again?"

"Yes?"

Halfran paused, glanced at Tae-san, and let out a sigh.

"...This is ridiculous. I thought it would take at least 40 floors, but it's already..."

"Then you can go?"

"Yes."

Halfran nodded his head.

"There's no reason to refuse. Just wait for a moment."

Halfran, who had brought a black gemstone, said:

"This time, it will be much more difficult than last time. Back then, the world didn't recognize your existence, so I only used a fraction of my power. But now, it's clear that you're aware of me."
Here is the translation of the text:

[Sub-quest start] Half-ran has something he wants from you. Go into his ruined world, take the Crimson Jewel from the tomb of the dead king, and bring it back. If you succeed, you will receive a reward.

"The world is definitely going to try to kill you. Just one piece of advice: it's better to finish quickly."

As soon as he finished speaking, the Taesan's body moved.

When his vision returned, it was a world that was crumbling into darkness.

"Ah."

He took a deep breath and activated the Muho-eup. His skills had improved, making it easier to move than last time.

"This time, it's definitely different."

A clear hostility towards Taesan was felt from the dark sky.

Kurururur!

The sky suddenly trembled. Taesan's foot landed on the flashing light.

Kuuuuung!

The lightning bolt that struck the ground ignited the sand, which shattered like glass. Taesan's face was scorched by the intense heat, and he let out a whistle.

"I'll kill you, you're done for."

Then, Taesan also thought about ending it quickly. He put his strength into his foot.

Kwaang!

The ground cracked, and his physical body sprinted. The goal of this quest was not far away. If he moved quickly, he could arrive within an hour.

However, it was still impossible to arrive easily.

Kurururur!
Here is the translation of the text:

One mountain in the direction I'm heading starts to tremble. The ground begins to shake like a wave.

From a distance, a giant baobab tree can be seen standing up straight from its roots, breaking free from the influence of gravity and flying upwards.

The mountain transforms into a human shape and punches the Taishan, who slaps the ground.

The punch makes the ground tremble, causing a massive crater to form. The Taishan draws a sword and inserts it into the earth-made hand.

However, just like before, no damage gauge appears.

This was an invincible existence. Then, the sword was not needed, as the attack range was narrow. The Taishan put away the sword.

Ku-ku-ruu!

The giant made of mountains grasps the Taishan's hand. The Taishan, who is on top of the giant's hand, naturally rises into the sky.

And the rocks and trees embedded in the giant's body shoot out like bullets.

The Taishan punches.

Kwa-a-a!

The air bursts open, and the rocks and meteorites collide. The rocks shatter and scatter in all directions.

Ku-ruu!

The giant tries to crush the Taishan with another hand. The Taishan escapes from the hand and falls to the ground.

"What to do?"
Here is the translation of the text:

As he fell, Taesan thought to himself. To achieve his goal, he had to defeat this giant. Even as he was deep in thought, all sorts of things came flying towards him.

[You have activated the Wind Step.]

The wind wrapped around Taesan's body.

His body moved in the sky, and Taesan charged forward towards the giant's torso.

Things were flying towards him, but he dodged and struck them with his whip-like arms, crushing them all.

[You have activated the Strong Fist.]

He clenched his fist, pulled back his waist, and struck.

Ku-uuu!

The earth trembled, and the giant stumbled. Unable to withstand the force, it collapsed to the ground.

The giant, composed of mountains, was knocked down by a human's fist.

Taesan landed on the giant's back.

"Where did it go?"

Taesan continued to throw punches.

The giant shook its arms in resistance, but he crushed and ignored it.

When he came to this place before, all the things that attacked him had a faint aura.

He was searching for that. Although it took a long time because of his large size, after a while, he was able to find it.

"Ah, it's on the soles of my feet."

Taesan gathered the faint aura. The giant, which had been resisting, stopped moving and then collapsed.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Your prestige has been triggered. The skill proficiency of ??? has increased by 3%.]

It seems that skill proficiency has increased. Upon checking, the content had changed.

[Concept skill: ???] [Proficiency: 15%] [The power of will is ???]

The word "힘이" (power) was added.

"'Indeed.'"

It seemed that something with a sense of will was being crushed, and prestige was rising rapidly.

I tried to write a point to test it, but it didn't apply. This meant that this skill was the only way to increase proficiency.

"What would happen if it reaches 20%?"

I was curious, but I didn't have the leisure to think about it.

Kwaaaang!

The dark sky began to whirl and lightning bolts kept falling. The mountain moved quickly to avoid it.

A massive hurricane was rushing towards us, making a loud noise, and the ground was cracking open to reveal the earth beneath.

A natural disaster was unfolding simultaneously.

"'Is this the real deal now?'"

The mountain hit the ground.

* * *

Kakaga!

The storm engulfed the mountain. This power was incomparably stronger than the sandstorm I experienced before, and it froze my movements.
Here is the translation of the text:

You used the shoes made of Golem's stone and refined by a spirit to create yourself. All constraints are released, allowing you to move freely.

Suddenly, the wind disappeared.

Tai Shan took advantage of the gap to activate its acceleration. It burst out of the storm at a speed faster than sound.

The earth beneath was crumbling like puzzle pieces.

Kuku-kuku-kung!

The ground was breaking apart, and Tai Shan was barely able to find solid ground to step on as it rushed forward.

Kuku-kung!

Meanwhile, lightning struck. Although it was a direct hit, Tai Shan's arm was slightly burned.

[You took 215 points of damage.]

The air grew even thicker, and now it had reached a point where it could restrict movement.

[You activated your counterattack.]

The air was pushed back, and you gained freedom of action. You used this opportunity to jump onto an unstable platform and charge forward head-on.

The distance was not far. It was now in front of you.

However, what lay ahead was a massive, endless cliff that blocked the way.

And that cliff was approaching Tai Shan.

Tai Shan hesitated, about to retreat.

Kuku-kung!
Here is the translation of the text:

Behind, the same-sized cliff was rapidly rushing towards him.

[What's the matter?]

"That's it."

The Great Mountain let out a forced smile, revealing his determination to die.

The cliff was approaching rapidly, slower than the Great Mountain, but its length was incredibly long, making it impossible to escape by moving.

However, it was a good opportunity.

The Great Mountain put his foot down and rushed towards the cliff. When the cliff was right in front of him, he jumped.

Whoosh.

He stepped onto the cliff and began to climb up. The cliff was extremely high, reaching the sky, but he started to climb up rapidly.

As he climbed to the middle, the speed of the cliff suddenly increased.

[You have activated your freedom of choice.]

He invested his intelligence in agility, climbing up even faster.

When the cliff on the opposite side reached him, the Great Mountain jumped over the cliff's end.

Wooooooo!

The cliffs collided and shattered into pieces. If he had been crushed, it would have been a devastating blow.

Looking down, the Great Mountain blew a whistle and gazed out.

"Alright, then."
Here is the translation of the text:

Tàishān stood on the cliff's edge and climbed all the way to the sky. Then, the cliff crumbled and disappeared.

From the high and lofty sky, Tàishān began to fall. The sharp wind slapped his face.

I used all attacks to nullify the attack and all jumping skills. And even if there were some, I didn't think of using them.

As I fell, I used a single steadfast skill. I prepared my body to withstand the shock.

Kuoooong!

And then I hit the ground. Tàishān gritted his teeth against the strong impact.

[You took 1243 damage.]

Even after activating the steadfast skill to reduce the damage by half, this damage was inevitable. Since I fell from a place higher than the clouds, it's only natural that I took this much damage.

If I had activated the skill "Wind Walk" like a deer, I could have reduced the damage. But Tàishān didn't use the skill.

The reason was because of this skill.

[You landed on the ground from a very high place. You obtained the special activation skill [Jump] and the special activation skill [Landing].] [But I knew it, didn't I?]

"Of course not."
Here is the translation:

The leap was obtained in a quite unique way. I thought it would be difficult to meet the conditions, so I didn't expect to get it, but since the opportunity came unexpectedly, I was able to get it quickly.

And there was a gate that led to an underground ruin in front of Tai Shan.