
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 130, Part 3

I wanted to check my skills casually, but I didn't have the time. The sky was dark and flashing with lightning, as if a bolt of lightning was about to strike.

Tae-san quickly entered the ancient ruins.

"Whoa!"

"Tsk tsk..."

A huge noise came through the corridor, but it had no effect on the interior of the ruins.

Even in the midst of the world's destruction, this place remained intact, whether physically or magically, and was incredibly sturdy.

"It's a bit safe here."

Then it was time to check my skills.

[SPECIAL SKILL: JUMP] [MANA COST: 30] [SKILL LEVEL: 1%] [Can jump extremely high and far.]

Tae-san smiled satisfactorily.

It was a skill that could jump higher than the clouds once the skill level was raised. If used in conjunction with acceleration, it could quickly cover a long distance. When I used it to block a wave on Earth or move around a region, it was very useful.

Note: Tae-san is likely a character name, and "도약" (doyak) is a Korean word that means "jump".
Here is the translation of the text:

At first glance, this skill didn't seem to have any flaws. However, when it was used to descend from the air, it would take a lot of damage. Moreover, the skill was difficult to adjust, making it hard to land at the desired location.

But I also obtained a skill that could solve this problem.

[Skill: Safe Landing] [Mana Consumption: 20] [Proficiency: 1%] [Can safely land at the desired location when used in mid-air.]

This skill is straightforward. It allows you to land safely at the desired location when used in mid-air.

Of course, there is no damage taken. Even if you fall from a high altitude, as long as you use the skill on time, you won't take any damage. It's a very good skill.

And there was another reason why Tai Shan wanted this skill.

'Can it be linked to aerial jumping?'

A magic that allows you to move again in mid-air.

If it can be linked, it would be very valuable.

However, this place is a narrow indoor space, so it's not possible to experiment here. Tai Shan put it off until later and entered the ruins.

The elder said this place was a ruin. There were traps to prevent intruders inside the ruin. The floor Tai Shan stepped on creaked and the sound of a trap being triggered echoed.

Tai Shan waved his hand and caught an arrow that was about to be shot.
Here is the translation of the text:

As I went deeper, I found more and more traps, but they were too simple to stop me. Finally, I arrived at a massive door.

"What's this?"

Tae-san clenched his fist. The door creaked open, revealing the inside.

A coffin containing a person was visible, and behind it, a red gemstone was lying there.

This must be the item that dwarves desire.

Just as Tae-san was about to approach it, he stopped suddenly.

Pfft.

A dark, viscous liquid was flowing from the ceiling of the ruin. The droplets that fell to the ground gathered together to form a shape.

Before long, it took on the shape of a human.

The liquid, now in human form, looked up at Tae-san.

At the same time, a powerful aura exploded.

A massive anger was brewing, ready to engulf Tae-san.

Tae-san drew his sword and widened his stance.

"What's this again?"

"[Is it a collection of wills?]

"What collection of wills?"

"[A powerful will can take on a physical form. It's not an ordinary existence, and it's the will of the world, so it's definitely possible. It's like a manifestation, so it's easier to understand.]"

A star incarnate.

That was the anger that Tae-san saw.

Pffft!
Here is the translation of the text:

The relic began to shake uneasily and the vial shattered. The thick air blocked his breath and felt like a needle piercing his skin all over his body.

It was as if he was only pulling out physical phenomena with simple emotions.

"'Is it a kind of divine entity?'"

Tai Shan gripped his sword with a determined look in his eyes.

The existence with a faint light raised its arm. Tai Shan saw the wavering, intangible energy emanating from it.

He quickly took a step back.

Whoosh.

At the same time, the space around him was distorted. It was as if the dimension was warped and twisted.

"'Dimension distortion?'"

If that was the case, it was a power that would be difficult to escape with even his life, regardless of his physical strength. If he couldn't see the situation clearly, he wouldn't be able to dodge it.

Whoosh.

The space distorted again, and Tai Shan narrowly dodged.

It was incredibly strong, like a god. He could be killed dozens of times by its power.

"'But it's too weak.'"

The method of implementing his strength was very slow and visible to the naked eye.

It seemed that holding up his hand was the key to manifesting his ability. However, it took some time to activate it once, and if he was careful, he could avoid it entirely.

That's it.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san charged towards Hwashin. Hwashin raised his arm to the direction Tae-san was charging and manifested his strength. However, Tae-san twisted his body and dodged at the moment.

Whoosh.

A sword pierced Hwashin's chest. The energy exploded, and Hwashin's physical body scattered.

[Your spiritual ascension has been triggered. The proficiency of ??? has increased by 5%.]

"What?"

At the same time, his senses changed.

It's impossible to express, but he could feel something he had never felt before.

[I think I've obtained something, but it's better to move quickly.]

"Alright."

However, there was no time to confirm. The ruins creaked and groaned, indicating that an overwhelming force was pressing down on them from the ground.

Tae-san returned to the labyrinth with a red gem in hand.

The dwarf welcomed him back.

"You've succeeded again."

[Sub-quest completed.]

* * *

[The Crimson Orb] [A relic from the world of destruction. It was the last thing the king held onto. He believed that this orb would save him from death. The orb contains strong power, but it's not enough to revive the dead, so his hope was in vain.]

"Ah."

Tae-san handed the orb over to Harfran, who received it with a happy face.
Here is the translation of the text:

"I really like it. If it's you, it's possible."

"What can you make with that?"

"It's diverse. You can make new equipment or strengthen existing equipment. What do you want?"

"Can't you use the dragon's claws?"

It was the claw received from the dragon in Berethor. It was still with the dwarf.

Halfdan's eyes widened at Taesan's words. He seemed interested and began to stroke his chin.

"It's possible... maybe. Something interesting can be created."

"I'll ask for that."

"But this alone is not enough. We need at least five more to make it a complete item."

"It doesn't matter."

If they can create equipment that can be used until they clear the labyrinth, it would be a gain.

"Then I like it. I'll treasure it."

Halfdan, who had received the mysterious crystal with a pleased expression, looked at Taesan with a strange gaze.

"But something seems to have changed. Did you get something from there too?"

"I don't know."

Taesan looked down at his hand.

"I'll check it out."

* * *
Here is the translation of the text:

[Concept Skill: ???] [Proficiency: 20%] [The power of will is ??? and has obtained ???.]

With a proficiency of 20%, the content "has obtained ???" was added.

It was definitely something that had been obtained.

However, it was unclear what it was.

"Hmm."

Taesan stood still in the middle of the room, his arms crossed, and felt a strange power.

It was a feeling that was not just physical, but also permeated the walls, floor, and even the door.

"What is this?"

[I don't know.]

When you don't know, it's an experiment.

Taesan broke through the room. The dark spirit welcomed Taesan.

He easily deflected the attack and tried to confirm the change in the power he felt. He tried for about ten minutes and gave up.

"Is this feeling real?"

Something was definitely there. The dark spirit's movements caused the power he felt to change.

However, that was the end of it.

It was unclear what it meant or what it was used for.

A ghost who had been watching quietly asked.

[Changes every time the spirit attacks, right?]

"That's right. I don't know what it is, but..."

[Then, if you attack, what will happen?]
Here is the translation of the text:

"It has to be tried."

Tae-san immediately attacked the spirit. At the same time, he felt a movement of power coming from himself.

"I won't change even if I attack."

But he still didn't understand what was going on. Tae-san was in a puzzled state, but the spirit seemed to have a hunch.

[Might as well, but really?]

"What do you mean?"

[Might as well attack again. And let's check if your physical body attacks first or if the energy... I'll call it a sixth sense. Which one moves first, check it out.]

Tae-san followed his orders. He adjusted his stance and swung his sword at the spirit again.

Understood.

The spirit collapsed. Tae-san nodded his head.

"Your sixth sense moves first."

Just before he moved his body, a very slight difference but the power he called a sixth sense came first.

"Really."

The spirit laughed mockingly.

[Is this something you've trained for?]

"What's this?"

[It's a kind of realm. When you attack something, what do you do before you take action?]
Here is the translation of the text:

"Hold your position and choose your attack method."

Should I attack the head, counterattack, or aim for the vital spot?

I had to judge that and move accordingly.

[Yes, I can read the movement of the sword, the movement of the muscles, and the gaze of the opponent, and even read their mind. It's a story that comes out when I'm in a state of transcendence.]

"Is that the power I've gained?"

[At least, as I've understood, it's the same as what I've heard. Since I've taken away the will of the world, I can read the will of all things, right?]

I then understood.

The walls of the labyrinth were also created by the magician for a purpose. So, I could feel the will behind it, and it was natural to feel the will behind everything that appears. The ghost was muttering to itself in annoyance.

[I don't get it. I've reached a state where I can't even reach...]

"Honestly, I'm not sure if it's of any use."

There was almost no delay between the movement of the body and the movement of the will. It was impossible to read and move first in battle.

[Once you get used to it, the story will change. Do you know how much power you've gained?]
It was similar to reading the other party's mind. It meant that one could anticipate and counterattack before the other party even moved.

"...But is that really all it is?"

The ghost thought to himself.

Of course, it was a remarkable achievement. It was at least within the limits that humans could reach.

However, if one considered that the Tai Shan had taken away the world's will, it was clear that the ghost's abilities were somewhat lacking. It had surpassed the limits of mortals by taking away the power of a being that had transcended mortality, and had only reached the limits of mortality.

If that was all there was to it, then it would not explain how the ghost had been able to defeat a monstrous being of high dignity.

If the ghost's skills had reached 100%, it would have been possible to not just read the will, but to also implement it.

"That's impossible."

The ghost thought to himself. It was an impossible task.

It was impossible for the will alone to have a direct impact on the real world. This meant that, without a physical body, one could still interfere with the real world through mental means, and this was a power that only the transcendent allowed.

However, upon closer consideration, it was not possible to take away something from the world's will. The ghost thought that the ascension of the demon was a skill that allowed one to surpass the limits of mortals by an infinite degree.
Here is the translation of the text:

I was amazed. I couldn't understand.

And I was curious. Where would the Great Mountain reach? What kind of existence would it become at the end of this journey?

The ghost urged me to hide my heart and hasten.

[Should I start going down already?]

"I'll do it."

The Great Mountain nodded its head and organized the spirits. It had been unable to descend into the labyrinth for a long time.

Without stopping at floors 25 to 29, it descended continuously. And after clearing the spirit's quest, it processed the guides for the 30th floor.

With the goal set, the Great Mountain began to rapidly break through the labyrinth.