
Episode 14

14. 1st Floor, Secret Room (9)

Taisan returns to the entrance and takes a step forward.

Swoosh!

An arrow flies towards him. Taisan easily catches it and makes a decision.

The arrows continue to refill.

"Good."

Taisan moves forward without hesitation. Two arrows fly at him again. He catches them and puts them into his inventory.

Then he steps back. Two more arrows fly in the same way. He catches them and places them in his inventory.

Then another step forward. Two arrows fly at him and he catches them.

Once again, into the inventory they go.

He now has seven arrows. It's a very small number. Buying arrows is expensive; at 10 gold each, buying fifty would cost 500 gold.

So, he decides to gather some here.

"A hundred should be enough."

Taisan mutters to himself as he catches the flying arrows.

As he continues quietly repeating this, he starts to see sporadic appearances of different arrows.
Here is the translation of the text into English:

\[Poison Arrow\] \[Attack Power + 2\] \[Attempts to inflict poisoning on the target. Success depends on level and stats.\] \[Paralysis Arrow\] \[Attack Power + 2\] \[Puts the target into a paralyzed state. Success depends on level and stats.\]

"Various types are flying."

Swiftly puts them into the inventory. Both were arrows that couldn't be obtained because they were not available. After about thirty minutes, he was able to gather about a hundred.

Taisan organized his inventory. Eighty regular arrows. Ten poison arrows. Ten paralysis arrows.

Up to twenty of the same item can stack, and the inventory has a total of twenty slots. Six slots were used. It was a satisfactory outcome. With this amount, he could make use of them until the next floor.

"It's quite plentiful."

It was a kind of workaround.

To prevent dungeon traps' arrows from being taken away, he set it up so that arrows shot to do so would break upon hitting something. It wasn't reasonable to think that a user on the 1st floor could catch arrows. And once beyond the 1st floor, there was no need to waste time here, so it was a somewhat rational method.

However, Taisan's agility is 25. Even in Elron mode, it's a stat that can't be achieved on the 1st floor. It's already close to a quarter of what it was before. Catching one or two arrows was child's play. Thanks to this, he could gather them plentifully.

"So."


Taisan takes a small breath. It was time to break through the arrow trap.

If he only intended to break through, it was very simple. Taisan had a Tower Shield, so he just needed to hold it up and charge.

But his goal wasn't just to obtain rewards. He had to draw out more from this process.

Blaming himself, Taisan steps forward. He doesn't plan to go slowly step by step. In an instant, he steps onto the floor at the midsection.

Pipipipik!

The sound of arrows piercing through the air echoes. Five arrows fly towards him.

He dodges the arrow aimed at his head by tilting it aside. He kicks away the one aimed at his leg. With both hands, he grabs each arrow one by one.

The remaining arrows target Taisan's abdomen. Taisan swings his hand holding the arrows. The arrows make a clinking sound as they hit the wall.

He leaps again. As the floor depresses, nine arrows fly towards him simultaneously. Taisan holds his breath at the sharp piercing sound.

"You have activated Breathless Attack. You gain freedom of breath for the next 10 seconds."

His breathing isn't hindered as he moves. His movements are maximized.

"Proficiency in Sight Assurance increased by 2%."
I check everything visible. My field of vision, which should have narrowed during battle, appears broad.

Three in front. Two to the left. Three to the right. One coming from below. It's difficult to avoid them all.

[Proficiency in Insight increased by 2%.] [Proficiency in Composure increased by 1%.]

But my heart does not waver.

[Senses heightened in a crisis. Acquired special continuous activation skill [Enhanced Sensitivity].]

My senses keenly alert. Even without looking, I feel where the arrows are coming from.

The arrows don't fly all at once. There's a slight delay. I start by avoiding the closest ones. My hair gets wet. An arrow grazes past my hair.

Now there are eight.

I move my legs to deflect the arrows. I grab each arrow with both hands.

Now five. One to the left. Three in front. One to the right.

All arrows aim for the chest. It's impossible to block perfectly because they come from different trajectories.

So, I ignore what I can ignore. The arrow on the right is the fastest.

[You triggered a miss. The next attack will miss.]
The arrow coming from the right swerves right in front of Taesan's waist and moves.

"Ouch!"

The arrow from the right grazes the skin but doesn't hit.

[You take 8 damage.]

It's a number you can withstand. Plus, ignoring the arrow from the right gave Taesan some room to move.

He catches and deflects the arrow from the front. As their trajectories overlap, he clears them all at once. Immediately after, he swats down the arrow from the left. The arrow sticks into the ground and breaks.

Thunk.

And the last one. Taesan steps on the ground.

Ping!

Taesan's eyes shake. Fifteen arrows flew.

"Crazy."

Arrows flew according to the number of bricks on the ground. So, after expecting ten arrows, suddenly five more were added. Taesan grits his teeth and swiftly moves his arms.

[You triggered a breathless attack. You gain freedom of breath for the next 10 seconds.]

Fortunately, most of the trajectories overlapped due to the large number of arrows.

He grabs and throws one arrow coming from the left with his left arm. The thrown arrow collides with another arrow, sending two arrows flying in strange directions.
Here's the translation of the text:

He tilts his head to the left to avoid one arrow and immediately turns to the right. After a slight pause, two arrows flying in collide with the wall in the distance.

The arrows from the right perfectly overlap in trajectory. That means he can deflect them all with one movement. He shakes his right arm to drop three arrows.

He moves his foot to crush two arrows.

Even so, five remain. But there's no time to block them all. The arrows have already reached close proximity.

Instead of blocking, he pulls his arm. The arrows embed into his arm.

"Ugh."

Taesan lets out a groan. The sharp arrows piercing into him feel incredibly unpleasant.

The system window appears with around 16 damage points and five wounds.

[You are in a burning state.] [You are bleeding, your health is decreasing continuously.]

"Damn it."

Blood flows down his arm. The pain pierces through to his bones, torturing his nerves.

"It hurts like hell."

If he hadn't experienced this a few times in the past, he'd probably be rolling on the floor by now.

[You have endured excruciating pain. You have obtained the special active skill [Pain Reduction].]
Here's the English translation of the text:

He obtained the skill, which slightly reduced his pain, but there wasn't a significant difference. Skills were divided between those useful once proficiency increased and those that were not, and pain reduction fell into the former category.

Still, it wasn't bad. He broke the shaft of the arrow, sweating cold.

[Health: 54/140]

He had enough health left. Knowing it wasn't fatal damage, he could take it without much concern.

Arriving at the Fountain of Life would fully restore him, so he moved slowly. Even in his burning and bleeding state, there were things he could gain.

"I used to intentionally take hits when I could avoid them all, but I can't afford that anymore."

Taesan pulled the lever next to the box. There was a crashing sound inside the wall.

Arrows wouldn't be fired now. It was time for the reward.

With an excited heart, Taesan opened the box. Inside was a red staff.

Taesan was so surprised he forgot his pain.

"Already got the staff?"

It was a staff capable of casting spells, possessing various powers such as healing, summoning water, creating flames, obscuring vision, and enchanting.

With just one, it was a valuable item greatly facilitating the conquest of the labyrinth.
Sure, here's the translation of the text:

---

And in easy mode, it was an item that only appeared after surpassing the twentieth floor with great difficulty. Even in hard mode, one had to pass at least the tenth floor. No matter how it was an alone mode, to come out from the first floor. It was difficult to understand easily.

"Could it possibly be a mace in the shape of a staff?"

Taesan inspected the staff with suspicion.

[Staff of Flame] [A staff used by novice wizards. Can cast basic magic [Fireball].]

"... Really."

It was indeed a Staff of Flame, much more valuable than other magics early on.

'Is this the average in alone mode?'

Yi Taeyeon had hardly broken through the secret room, so there was no basis for comparison. If this was the average, things would be much easier from now on.

But it was not a reward without cost. Fifteen arrows that flew at the end could be stopped because he had gained a lot; an ordinary person would have died without moving.

Maybe there was someone who discovered this place even in a previous life, but it wouldn't be known if they didn't break through and die.

Taesan took the staff and turned back. It was time to return to the spring.

* * *

"Squeak! Squeak!"

On the way back, Big Rat appeared and attacked him. He couldn't use one arm, but with stats being stats, there was no problem.
Here is the translation of the text:

---

However, Taesan did not immediately kill it and continued the fight. By the time Big Rat was exhausted and about to collapse, a system window appeared.

[Despite being in a weakened state for a long time, you had no issues with your actions. You have gained the special activation skill [Indomitable Will].]

"Good."

A skill obtained when enduring battles in a weakened state for a long time. He got the skill he wanted. Taesan stepped on Big Rat.

"Squeak!"

[You have defeated Big Rat.]

He cleared away the spears that were sticking out. Now, there was no reason to meticulously take care of things when he wasn't even leveling up or receiving stat increases.

[You are in peak condition.]

Taesan returned to the spring of life, recovered his health, and checked the skills he had gained.

[Special Passive Skill: Pain Reduction] [Proficiency: 1%] [Becomes somewhat numb to pain. Sensitivity remains unaffected.] [Special Passive Skill: Sensory Enhancement] [Proficiency: 1%] [Senses are heightened. It seems he can now feel things like survival.]
Here is the translation of the text to English:

---

Both skills were not bad. Although they weren't immediately useful, as proficiency increased, they became exponentially better and provided significant strength. Increasing proficiency in these skills was straightforward as it naturally rose through battling and navigating the labyrinth.

[Special Activation Skill: Indomitable Will] [Mana Consumption: 1] [Proficiency: 1%] [All sorts of wounds and injuries cannot deter your determination. You can ignore injuries and continue fighting for 10 seconds during combat.]

This skill was a lower-tier version of an unstoppable power that ignored all abnormal conditions. Temporarily ignoring injuries was quite useful.

And the skill on the staff of flames, Fireball.

[Basic Magic: Fireball] [Mana Consumption: 3] [Proficiency: 1%] [Launches a fireball. Deals greater damage to non-immune enemies. Attempts to inflict [Burn] status ailment on the target.]

It was exactly the same as the skills he had seen before.

"Amazing."

The ways to utilize this were endless. Taesan put the staff into his inventory with a pleased expression.

"Is it almost over?"

He seemed to have obtained everything he could from the first floor.

Now it was time to descend.

Taesan stood up and proceeded deeper into the labyrinth. It didn't take long to find the way to the second floor.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

---

Right from the door, the colors seemed so faded that it was hard to recognize this place as different from others.

This is the hallway leading to the second floor.

And it was a rule that there was always a boss when moving between floors.

Taesan raised his shield and opened the door. He saw a staircase leading underground. And there was also a monster guarding that place.

"Grrr."

Its basic form resembled a giant rat. Jet-black fur. Sinisterly protruding teeth.

But it was larger. A rodent-like creature about the size of a person occupied the room. Its red eyes subtly aimed towards him.

"So this is the boss of the first floor."

A challenging boss, known for its razor-sharp claws and the fair share of players it had dispatched. In Easy Mode, it was the boss of the 10th floor.

"Grrrr!"

[A Giant Rat has appeared.]