
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 133

133. 29th floor, the secret area of the spirit realm (3)

[How can a king's power be obtained by a mere adventurer like you?]

A skull lets out a loud cry and a bone arm rises roughly. A red sphere appears at the location.

The heat attaches to the cheek of the mountain.

That's literally a small sun. This narrow space has the power to turn everything into ashes in an instant.

But.

Dare to!

Such a toy to!

Hand over the power of the heavens to the messenger of the gods!

A voice filled with fury echoes in his mind. The mountain responds with a smile.

The power that grabs his head does not consume his ego, but he has somewhat cooperated. As a messenger, he had information related to the level of the spirit king.

"The Fragment of the Spirit King."

The power of the Spirit King, who separates his power and gives it to the spirits.

It was incredibly powerful. It was so strong that it could be called the king of the species, and it was on the same level as the end of mortal life. The fragment of such an existence had the power to destroy the world and lead it to chaos.

But that's all. The level of transcendence is infinitely lacking.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san swings his fist towards the flames that are about to explode.

The flames cannot be defended against. A skeleton bursts out laughing.

"This is impossible!"

It's not that he lacks strength. The adventurer in front of him has received the power of the saint, but he cannot block the flames so easily.

What's lacking is just a little bit of luck.

The saint's divine power has crushed the very essence of the fragment possessed by the Lord of the Spirits.

Pfft!

The flames brush against Tae-san's shoulders. However, the pain that follows is not as intense as the burning sensation. It's like a pot of oil has just been poured.

[You take 303 damage.]

The damage is also just that level. Even if he activates his strongest ability, the damage would be reduced to 300.

The difference in luck has reduced all damage.

The skeleton lets out a roar.

[I have received the power of the king! It's the power of our king!]

"What's the point of that?"

Tae-san grins.

The power of the Lord of the Spirits is undoubtedly strong. If he can master it properly, he can reach the limits of the power that a mortal can obtain.

The skeleton, who has obtained that fragment, would have reached the 50th floor level, at least.
Here is the translation of the text:

But that's not all.

When you reach a transcendent level, it's not just about power, but also about momentum.

In a nutshell, this was also possible. The Great Mountain lifted its hand.

[You have unleashed the deer walking on the wind.]

A gentle breeze blew, blowing a light wind that rustled the hair, strong enough to set the forest ablaze.

The deer walking on the wind is a skill of a high-ranking spirit. Compared to the Spirit King, there was a huge difference in power. Originally, it would have been impossible to resist and would have been crushed.

However, due to the power of the Sado, all momentum rose, and the power of the high-ranking spirit was enough to match the power of the Spirit King.

[I won't tolerate it! How can you, a weak adventurer, be so bold?!]

The skeleton shouted with indignation. And yet, it didn't know that the momentum of the Sado was higher than the fragments of the Spirit King. However, the Great Mountain was weak, so it couldn't pull it out.

But it wasn't that way.

The Great Mountain was pulling out the momentum of the Sado, almost to completion, despite not knowing its power.

"'It's surprising, but I've gotten used to it now."
The ghost thought calmly. It thought about the existence of the ascended and the skills it had seized. And when it looked at the gods' reactions shown to Taesan, it seemed to be becoming more and more certain.

If that was the case, it wouldn't be strange for Taesan to pull out the level of a 30th-floor adventurer. It was almost like using something natural as naturally as possible.

Taesan drew his sword.

"There's no time to just stand there and be startled."

The duration of the Sado's continued existence was 10 minutes. He had to end it within that time. Taesan charged towards the skeleton, using the wind to cut through the flames and soon arriving in front of its eyes.

[But isn't that so!]

The skeleton unleashed a fiery gaze, swinging its arm. Taesan's sword and the skeleton's vertebra collided.

A dull sound echoed. The skeleton roughly struck its jaw.

[No matter how high your level is, your physical body is not!]

"That's right."

Taesan calmly nodded. Since his level was low, he wasn't as strong as he thought, excluding his level. It was around 30% enhanced.

"But that's enough."

Taesan's sword began to shake. He moved along the vertebra, cutting off the skeleton's head before it could respond.

[653 damage to the ghost bound to the skeleton.] [This guy!]
Here is the translation of the text to English:

Bones resist. It seems to have realized that the power of the Spirit King is of no use now, as it shakes its dried-up bones and tries to stir up the Taishan.

And its movement is extremely awkward.

It's like the movement of someone who has fought for the first time, and the Taishan easily dodges and counterattacks.

Thud.

[But, but......]

It's unable to come up with a decent response and allows the second attack. The bones stumble and are knocked back. The Taishan continues to press on.

The Taishan knew. It was precisely because it had learned. It had absorbed a variety of information about the Spirit and the Sado-hwa simultaneously.

"Did you borrow the skull of a deceased adventurer who had already received the power of the artificial sun, but have never fought with your own body?"

The Spirit is a natural existence. It doesn't have a physical body and uses its own properties to attack its enemies, so its physical movement is natural.

[Your...]

"So, I have to die."

It lowers its head and dodges, then inserts its sword.

Note: The translation is in Simplified Chinese characters, as per your request.
Here is the translation:

The spirit resisted. It was almost like a desperate struggle. It tried to create distance and use flames to block its line of sight, then counterattack, but everything was blocked.

"It's over with this."

Tai Shan turned his body and swung his sword at the skull. There was a loud cracking sound as the skull began to break apart.

He activated his powerful attack, cutting even harder with an even stronger force. The skull shattered, and the skeleton's head soared into the air.

[1563 damage to the skeleton imbued with the spirit. [It's unbearable! For a lowly thing! You're defiling our world!]]

"This is getting annoying."

Tai Shan scowled and poked the skeleton's jaw. The skeleton shook slightly before the flame that had been embedded in its eyes suddenly disappeared.
Here is the translation of the text:

You have defeated the spirits that were sealed in the bones and won against them. You have destroyed the world of spirits and obtained the title "One who opposes nature". Your level has increased. Your level has increased. Your level has increased. Your transcendence has been activated. Your strength has increased to 56, agility to 65, intelligence to 54, vitality to 350, and mana to 40. You have obtained the transcendence skill "Small Spark". You have defeated a powerful enemy without suffering any damage and obtained the special skill "Giant Killer". You have obtained the darkened seed.

It was a very meaningful reward. Your level has increased to 3, and your stats have increased significantly due to your transcendence. You have also obtained two skills.

I wanted to check the skills, but I had to do something first.

The bones had used up all their strength and flailed around. The flames spread around and turned the world of spirits into ashes.

I can't feel the presence of the spirits anymore.

"Ah, how pathetic."

The world that the guardian had wanted to protect was destroyed by himself.

The giant tree in the center was also turned into ashes.

Mount Tai had turned the ashes into a pile. Inside was a darkened root that was still maintaining its shape.

"The root of the small world tree" [The root of the world tree, mimicking the world tree. It provides a resting place for the spirits and calms their confusion.]

"Is this enough?"

[Maybe it's enough? It's not the outer appearance that's important, but what's inside.]

Then, there was no problem. A deep and intense aura could be felt from the darkened root.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san took root and emerged from it.

Then, it was confirmed that it was a reward.

[Kang Tae-san] [Level: 68] [Defense: 424/424] [HP: 4780/4780] [MP: 856/856] [Magic: 62/62] [Strength: 1715] [Intelligence: 1311] [Agility: 1569] [Attack power + 188] [Defense power + 233] [The target is in the best state.]

In no time, the stats rose to around 200. Tae-san looked at the stat window with satisfaction.

"Ah, it seems that it's even faster since I came down."

The 20th floor is like this. I'm looking forward to the 30th floor.

He also got a title he hadn't had for a long time.

[Title: One who opposes nature] [You have destroyed the world of the spirits. Your evil reputation has spread among them.] [All damage to spirits + 20%] [The spirits' affection for you has decreased significantly.]

"It's good."

I don't care about the affection of spirits, which is only limited to NPCs. Since I've come this far, I can't go back, it's the same as crossing an irreversible river.
Here is the translation of the text:

If I could get a 20% increase in damage to the spirit in exchange, it would have been quite a good deal.

[Charred Seed] [A seed that contained the power of the king. Although most of its power has been exhausted, it still has the ability to burn everything.]

It looked like a material item. I'm not sure what kind of effect it would have, but since it's a seed containing the power of the spirit king, it's not an ordinary material.

It might have been a material for making a dragon's claw. First, I thought of taking it to the blacksmith.

[Spirit Skill: Small Ember] [Consumes 300 mana] [Proficiency: 1%] [Duration: 10 minutes] [Summons a very weak ember that has been with the spirit since its birth and attaches it to oneself. During the duration, one can exert a very significant influence on fire.]

The skeleton was set ablaze using this skill. The flames can turn straw into ashes. Although the proficiency is low, the effect is still decent, and it's clear that it can be used.

[Special Permanent Skill: Giant Killer] [Proficiency: 1%] [When facing a difficult or impossible enemy, one's attack and defense power increase.]
Here is the translation of the text:

As expected from its name, this skill was a buff skill that provided a boost to allies. Its effect was an increase in attack power and defense power. Although the exact extent of the increase was unknown, it was likely to be at least 10% or more, considering the boost of other bonus skills for defeating monsters. For an average adventurer, this skill could allow them to descend one level below their limit.

It was a satisfactory outcome. The reward was fitting for defeating an enemy that was difficult to win against.

As I thought about it, my attention naturally shifted to the skill that allowed me to obtain it.

[Skill: Sadoha (Rakilatas)] [The power of the god of war and death, granted to me for the first time after my birth. For 10 minutes, I gain a part of the power of the Rakilatas apostles. This skill cannot be used for a day after activation.]

I remembered the time when I activated Sadoha.

At that time, I felt a strange feeling.

Along with the power, I received a flood of information. If someone with a weak mind were to experience this, they might lose themselves in the waves.

Things about gods and spirits that I had never known.

A world I had never comprehended.
Here is the translation of the text:

"All the landscapes that had not reached human sight.

'Is that the gaze of a scribe?'

Those things that one receives instead of offering one's soul to God.

It was truly captivating. Thanks to that, I learned that the skull was originally a fire spirit, that it had received the power of the spirit king, but was too weak, so it borrowed the body of an adventurer and settled there, and that it was still lacking. I also learned that one could obtain limited information about the opponent.

Even excluding other abilities, it was valuable just by itself.

Of course, that was not all.

The fire spirit's flames had the power to reveal the floor of the sea and turn a forest of moderate size into ashes.

The damage would be in the tens of thousands.

However, Tai Shan received only around 300 points of damage. Including fortitude, it was almost one-tenth of one percent of the damage.

[The difference in prestige is huge. To put it extremely, there is almost no one who can inflict proper damage on you when you're writing a scribe's scroll.]

The ghost spoke."