
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 134

134. The 29th Floor, the Secret Realm of the Spirit (4)

[Even if they're just like those guys who have reached a certain level or are just strong, or if they're not, it's hard for you to take a proper hit from them.]

"Is this a level?"

The knowledge I gained from the Sado-ification has remained vaguely in my mind.

The Transcendent has broken free from the shackles of mortality and risen to a lofty position.

And when you reach that level, you can reach a dimension far higher than that of mortals, making their attacks ineffective. Even if thousands, tens of thousands of mortals with powerful strength gather, they can be crushed by a mere gesture from the Transcendent, which is the difference between the Transcendent and mortals.

The Sado who has contracted with such a Transcendent receives their power. Although they have become extremely powerful, they can still borrow the Transcendent's level, making the mortals' attacks ineffective.

[Originally, you wouldn't have become that strong just because your level was low... but you're special.]

The ghost spoke indifferently. Tai Shan clenched his fist.

"But you're not all-powerful."

[There's no weakness, but there's no strength either.]
Here is the translation of the text:

Due to the Sadoha effect, the level of strength increased by about 30%. It was not low, and it was definitely at a high level. An average monster could be defeated with this.

However, it was not enough to defeat an overwhelming opponent.

Even with the difference in levels and stats, the damage was reduced, but it was just the difference in levels and stats, and it didn't mean much. It was just a matter of winning or losing more often.

[But isn't this enough? What else could I ask for?]

"I know that."

In fact, it was also unrealistic that he had defeated the skeleton. If there was no Sadoha, he would have lost by at least 90%.

If his level rose, the increase in stats would also rise, and it was a good skill to look at in the long run. Asking for more than this was just greed.

After a rough check, Tai-san went up to the 25th floor and found a blacksmith.

"Can you check these two?"

"Okay, take a look."

Tai-san handed over the Simyeon's bead and the seed that had turned black. Half-ran looked at the Simyeon's bead and stroked his jaw.

"Obsession... Is that closer to a curse? This can be used as a shoe, but what's the effect?"

"What's the effect?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"'The curse has been cast on the ground you stepped on. Those who step on that place will be tormented by all kinds of curses. Unless you're a very strong one, you'll definitely suffer greatly.'"

"'Ho.'"

"It's not bad. It means you can limit the opponent's movements during battle."

"'Then do it like that.'"

"'I'll make it soon. And this is....'"

Half-ran looked at the darkened seed with a hesitant gaze.

"'Where did you get this?'"

"'As I explained.'"

"'That's it.'"

Half-ran let out a sigh.

"'The Spirit King. Can you catch the one who received that power? I don't understand.'"

He grasped the seed.

"'This can become the material for the dragon's claw. It's quick. I've already gathered three.'"

"'How many more do you think you'll need?'"

"'About one or two more. I thought it would take at least fifty layers to make it, but....'"

Half-ran muttered to himself with a puzzled expression.

"'About one or two more. It's not far away. Just wait a little longer and you can get equipment that's incomparable to what you have now.'

The Great Mountain handed over the shoe, accompanied by expectations.

"'Then start making this.'"

"'Alright. I'll go do something for a bit and make it later.'"

Note: The translation is in Simplified Chinese, as per your request.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san left the Half-Ran behind and went up the labyrinth. When he returned to the 21st floor, he found a jinx waiting for him with a gloomy expression.

"What's up?"

"It's true."

Tae-san handed over the blackened roots. The jinx received it with trembling eyes.

"Really... you've done it, haven't you."

The jinx closed its eyes tightly.

"Do you know about me?"

"Sort of. The jinx is a kind of existence. And you're a being born of a certain kind."

"That's right."

The jinx muttered in a mournful voice.

"I was born like that from the start. The first thing I saw was the condescending gaze of my fellow beings, and the first feeling I had was pain and suffering. But I was still happy. I thought that as long as we were together, it would be okay, but... it wasn't."

According to the skull's words, the jinx who had gone mad was a tool created by the Jinx King to maintain the jinx's self-awareness. The jinx who had gone mad began to sob.

"Everyone has abandoned me. I'm the only one left in the jinx realm. At that time, I realized. To them, I'm not the same jinx. To them, I'm not worth a leaf on the road."

Note: The text appears to be a fictional story, and the translation is based on the assumption that the text is a narrative passage.
Here is the translation of the text:

The sensation of being disconnected was felt. The eyes that had been staring at the void began to flash.

"So I'll take revenge."

"What's that?"

The Taesan didn't say anything more. The junior looked up and smiled mockingly.

"Of course, I also know. I can't do that kind of thing."

The Lord of the Junior is powerful. It means that it has the strength to descend into the depths of the labyrinth, just like that. When Taesan judged, he thought that even if the small junior in front of him worked hard for hundreds of years, he couldn't reach the bottom.

It seemed that the junior was fully aware of this.

[It's possible to live with the stability I've found. But... I didn't come here for that. I made a contract to take revenge.]

All NPCs in the labyrinth have made a contract with the magician, wanting something.

The junior took revenge.

"I'm impossible, but you can change."

The junior's fiery eyes looked at Taesan.

"If you're willing, you can do it. If you're willing, you can kill the king."

Kwajik.

The junior broke off the root with his hand. The power contained in the root was absorbed by the junior. The junior's body began to transform into a misty fog.

Note: The text appears to be a fantasy story with magical elements, and the translation may not be perfect. Please let me know if you have any specific questions or areas of clarification you would like me to address.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Sub-quest completed.]

A voice echoed through the mist.

[They made me a tool. So I'll take revenge as a tool.]

The misty group rushed towards Tai Shan. Tai Shan just watched with a blank expression. The mist wrapped around Tai Shan's body and then seeped into the weapon.

[This is the path I've chosen.]

The voice was heard for the last time, and there was no sense of the existence of the spirit anymore.

[A spirit seeking revenge has taken possession of your weapon.][The effect of the weapon has changed.]

* * *

The quest that was in charge of the entire 20th floor has ended. Tai Shan examined the artifact of the covered spirit.

[Oh... This is unexpected.]

The ghost was surprised and muttered.

[The contractor itself was the reward of the quest? This is... quite unique, isn't it?]

"So, what's going to happen now?"

The possessed spirit was not a simple NPC. It was an essential NPC that existed at the entrance of the 21st floor, giving adventurers skills to deal damage to the spirit, and was able to hit them.
Here is the translation of the text:

Since that existence disappeared, the adventurers who entered the 21st floor couldn't find a way to attack the spirit. A ghostly sound echoed through the air.

[I don't know what's going on. Are the administrators of the labyrinth processing it?]

The floor of the labyrinth suddenly rose, assembling like puzzle pieces to form a massive device.

The servant of the wizard who created the labyrinth, Valvatorez, appeared before the peak of Taishan.

[It's been a long time since my liberation, someone said, and it's really you, isn't it?] [Wait, why did you suddenly appear?]

Valvatorez's appearance startled the ghost. Valvatorez replied calmly.

[It's because the contract holder who was in charge of the 21st floor has disappeared. We need to fill the gap.]

[Did you do that too?] [This is also my business.]

The floor of the labyrinth shook. A small pillar suddenly appeared in the place where the spirit was about to go crazy.

[I'll temporarily set up a quest line. Then, I'll take care of it. You humans.]

After finishing his task, Valvatorez disappeared.

The ghost let out a sigh.

[It's too neat.]

In fact, he appeared like a lightning bolt and disappeared like a lightning bolt. But one thing was discovered.

'The maintenance of the labyrinth is still being continued.'
Here is the translation of the text:

NPCs known as Contractors handed each adventurer a separate quest. However, Contractors were not eternal entities. Like spirits and ghosts, they could move and disappear for their own purposes.

Balvabamba filled the vacancy left by the disappeared spirit.

Then, it was possible that something else had filled the vacancy left by the ghost.

Although this information wasn't extremely important, I stored it in my mind. It might come in handy later.

So, what did the spirit give to itself?

It was time to verify this.

[Cart's Relic: Sword with Ancestor's Blood] [A relic from a world that has perished. It has taken the lives of countless nobles.] [Attack Power + 40] [Attack Power + 15 when fighting all enemies] [A vengeful spirit is dwelling within. Attack Power + 30] [Deals 20% more damage to spirits] [Deals 40% more damage to Spirit Kings and can activate the skill "Abandoned Knife".] [This effect can be canceled at any time and transferred to another weapon.]

"Eh."

"What's going on?"

The Taesan paused, and the ghost lost its words.

"What's going on?"

Taesan concentrated his gaze and read the effects. Then, he let out a forced laugh.

"What's going on?"
Here is the translation of the text:

The effects were minimal, limited to just that.

The basic attack power was 30, which was higher than the attack power of the auxiliary equipment that Taesan was currently wearing, calculated simply.

However, it made sense. The reason was that as the level increased, the value of attack power decreased gradually. Considering that Itealyeon's attack power was in the thousands, 30 was of little significance.

If that were the end, it would eventually become a discarded equipment, but this was not the case.

[Damage + 20% against the Holy Spirit]

It was a 20% increase, which was unbelievable. It was limited to the Holy Spirit as the target, but it was a staggering number.

On top of that, there was an additional 40% damage increase limited to the Holy Spirit King.

If the damage increase against the Holy Spirit and the subsequent stacking were combined, it would be a 60% increase. This meant that just one of them would make me over 50% stronger.

On top of that, there was also the Holy Spirit skill. What kind of effect it would have, I couldn't say until I tried it, but looking at other options, it certainly wouldn't be bad.

"This is amazing, I think..."

And it could be considered one of the biggest options.
Here is the translation of the text:

"This effect can be transferred to another weapon at any time after it is cancelled."

I could move this effect around arbitrarily. It means that even if I equip higher-level equipment, I won't lose it.

This is a very good meaning. It's even more than just saying it's good.

"I'll use it until the end."

It's like a graduation-level item.

I already got my hands on it.

And the cave's relic is already a magical equipment. There's no problem applying the effect to it, which means that there's no limit to attaching effects.

"It's hard to find a drawback."

If you really think about it, it's limited to the spirits, but the spirits are constantly appearing as I delve deeper into the labyrinth, said Taeyeon. Even if I go deep enough, there's the existence of the Spirit King, so there's no problem.

"It's good."

It was worth the effort. The crazy spirit's wish may take time, but it will definitely come true someday.

The Taesan descended to the 25th floor again. After arriving, I went to find Halfiran, and he handed me a pair of black shoes.
Here is the translation of the text:

"[Golem-made boots with a magical aura] [Increases attack power by 15] [Increases defense by 40] [Increases agility by 30] [Increases movement speed by 15%] [Increases action speed by 8%] [Can release all constraints on oneself, but can only be used once a day] [Creates a terrible black swamp at the location stepped on. Anyone who steps on it except the owner of the boots will be afflicted with a powerful random curse and status abnormality.] [Made by a renowned blacksmith with valuable materials.]"

"'It's better to write it once than to explain it.'"

Tae-san wore the boots and kicked the ground, causing the area he stepped on to be surrounded by a dark aura.

The range only seemed to affect the area he stepped on, and even after kicking the ground multiple times, it didn't disappear. It seemed to have no limit in terms of duration or frequency.

"It's fine, I guess."

The degree of debuff is unclear, but it seemed to have a significant effect on the flow of battle, allowing him to lead the fight as he wanted. It wasn't bad.

Tae-san left the half-elf behind and entered the 30th floor.

"[30th floor quest start] [Defeat the 30th floor boss and pass through.] [Reward: The End of the Winding Path] [Secret reward: ???]"

Finally, the 30th floor.

"I guess I'll be able to live a bit longer."

It was time to deal with the unfinished guides of the sinful path.