
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 138

138. 70th Floor, Guide to Sin. Top Leadership (2)

"No matter what you do, I won't follow your example, so just forget about pretending to be strong."

Familiar anger.

Familiar pressure.

They show off their strength and trample the weak. Others would have fallen there. They would have followed in fear, trembling with death.

It's likely that Tae-yeon also did the same, but I don't know the details. She never explained the guide to sin in detail.

Perhaps they could have found another way. That would have been her strength.

But the Taesan knows. They can never kill him, that's what he knows.

"These are just cowards, after all."

Extremely strong people who have gone deep.

But at the same time, they have hit a limit and stopped.

People who are afraid that others will surpass them, and who try to suppress new adventurers and put them in their palm, fearing that they will be surpassed.
Here is the translation of the text:

Those who dislike death but cannot let go of their dreams. This is the contradiction possessed by the guide of sin, and this contradiction makes it impossible for the mountain to definitely kill.

"I wish you would come to a quick conclusion. I want to go quickly, don't I?"

"...Okay, done."

The lion king's expression became expressionless. The pressure that had been subtly felt until now disappeared completely.

"Hero, I've found a good puppet."

[Is that good enough?]

The hero laughed quietly. The lion king's mouth twisted.

"Once, you were the greatest hero. You were evaluated as being able to conquer the labyrinth and received the attention of all gods. But now, you're clinging to this adventurer for a trivial reason of revenge. Isn't that embarrassing?"

[You look funny, like this is okay too, don't you?]

The hero's laughter vanished from his voice.

[Silence. Where are you?]

"She hasn't come yet, hero."

[Don't you think about looking at your face? It's fine. You'll see her soon.]

The hero spoke softly. A shiver ran down their arms.

The mountain glanced at them disdainfully and clicked its jaw.

"Are you going to end it quickly?"

* * *

A slight annoyance appeared on the lion king's face. The situation was not going according to plan.
Here is the translation of the text:

He thought of Tai Shan as a puppet controlled by a ghost. Although he had great talent and a remarkable destiny, he believed that the ghost was clinging to him just as much, and he relied on it too much.

Therefore, the Celestial King put pressure on him, and by doing so, made him psychologically dependent. He tried to change his dependence on the ghost to dependence on them.

It was a kind of carrot and stick, but it didn't work.

"Unexpectedly..."

Tai Shan was not dependent on the ghost. Instead, it seemed to be heading in the opposite direction.

Ambrosia, who had been silent until then, opened her mouth as if she was frustrated.

"You said so. This can't be done."

Ambrosia was the only one who opposed the carrot and stick plan. He saw that Tai Shan was an opponent who would never yield to such tactics.

"Let's get to the point. We'll confirm one thing from you."

"What confirmation?"

"Whether the divine gift you received is genuine, and whether they are truly protecting you."

Ambrosia said. Tai Shan nodded his head, understanding the meaning.

"It's a really cowardly choice."
Here is the translation of the text:

It's impossible to suppress him. I'm afraid of the wrath of God. It's impossible to suppress him. I'm afraid of the wrath of God. It's impossible to kill him. I'm afraid of the wrath of God.

So, I'll call upon God to confirm whether he really has an interest in Taesan or not. If I provoke him, will the sword come back to us?

"It can't be helped. They are truly terrifying."

Ambresia said with a bitter tone, and it was a choice that couldn't be refuted.

They are certainly strong. It's difficult to find someone stronger than them among the mortal world. The weak world had the power to gather its strength alone.

However, compared to the transcendent beings, they were no different from insects.

"That's why we'll call upon the Demon God."

[Why are you calling upon the Demon God? There's no one from the Demon Tribe among you, is there? Wouldn't it be better to ask Raki Ratas?]

The ghost asked with a puzzled tone. The Demon God is the God of the Demon Tribe, and unless summoned by the Demon Tribe, it wouldn't respond properly. On the other hand, Raki Ratas is the God of struggle and death, so it receives responses better than other gods.

"..."

They were silent. The ghost suddenly realized and snickered.
Here is the translation of the text:

"So, Laki Ratas hates you, doesn't he? If I call him, I'll probably just get a meaningless response and die with fear."

Laki Ratas is the god of struggle and death. The guides of sin were beings that were completely opposed to both of these. For them, choosing Laki Ratas was too great a risk.

On the other hand, Mashin disliked them, but was not a powerful enough entity to attack them directly. It was the best choice to confirm.

"It's noisy."

However, it was impossible to avoid being hurt to one's pride. The Lion King roughly spoke and opened a space. Inside, he took out a dark gemstone.

"I'll summon Mashin with this."

To summon the god, a price was needed. The gemstone he had just taken out was a rare gemstone that could contain all the energy, even from the depths. It was enough to entice Mashin's attention.

Crack.

The Lion King strengthened his grip and shattered the gemstone. The black mist that had been nestled inside spread out like a labyrinth's ceiling.

"Ah, great existence! I will offer you a tribute!"

The Lion King roared loudly.

At the same time, darkness parted.

* * *

Darkness gathered before them. A massive existence took shape.

The Lion King's pupils trembled.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Is it really coming?"

The gem of darkness was willing to pay a sufficient price, but the gods were not easy to appease. I thought that if I offered two or three prices, I would be able to appease him, but it was an unexpected outcome.

[Ah, ah.]

A voice with a mixture of joy and annoyance is heard.

The Lion King, who had finally regained his composure, immediately banged his head on the ground. The Ambrosia King and the Spirit King were the same.

Even the Fire Spirit, who had existed since the birth of the stars, and the Lion King, who had dominated the world with his unparalleled strength, dared not raise his head before the gods.

Only one mountain was raised.

[Should I be delighted to have seen you here, or should I be sad to have seen the defeated ones? I don't know.]

As the darkness parted, the shape of the demon appeared.

Long black hair, like that of the goddess of darkness, a young girl who had not yet grown up, had descended into the labyrinth.

The mountain replied calmly.

"Isn't it fine to do as you wish?"

[What nonsense. I'm annoyed.]

The demon narrowed his eyes and looked at the Lion King, who had banged his head on the ground.
Here is the translation of the text:

"...I'm done with it. Whatever."

"Thank you."

They carefully looked around and took a sip, their eyes gleaming with a mixture of excitement and unease.

While they were talking to the god, they didn't dare to speak out of turn, but instead said what they wanted to say, and the god didn't show any signs of anger.

At the very least, it was clear that the god had a good impression of the mountain.

"God, I have a question! Is it allowed for an humble person like me to ask?"

[It's just a guess, but I'll say it. Let's listen.]

"The one in front of you has learned black magic with your permission, hasn't he?"

The Lion King spoke cautiously.

"I want to confirm whether he has lied or not. God."

It was to get an answer to this question that he had summoned the god.

It was impossible to leave the mountain alone. If he was left untouched, the guides of the sinful path on the upper level would die and come after him. And if he fought against them with his strength, they would also be a threat.

So, it was necessary to summon the god beforehand. If the god said it was not so, then he could kill him. If the god said it was so, then he had to form an alliance with him to prevent interference between them.
Here is the translation of the text:

And he had read everything they thought.

[Foolish things.]

The demon had a smirk.

[You're eating away at this place. We, the wizards, made this place for the sake of adventure and challenge, not to see ants that don't know how to stay in one place. Why did it turn out like this?]

“…….”

The Lion King swallowed his saliva. Ambresia smiled awkwardly.

[As we promised to minimize interference, there's nothing we can do. I'll give you an answer. Yes, he cleared my quest. I gave him the power that my things can possess as a suitable reward. He's one of the most beloved beings among my creations.]

"That's... right."

The Lion King barely responded with a pale face.

It was true. The demon had given his power to a human, not a demon.

'I need to form an alliance.'

The Lion King quickly concluded. It was too great a risk to meddle with someone who received God's favor.
Here is the translation of the text:

How to lure Tai Shan to their side, that was the only correct answer. Even if there was a ghost standing beside, a dead existence couldn't interfere with the living to a certain extent. If they could give a corresponding reward, Tai Shan might be inclined to join their side.

He was thinking carefully, but Tai Shan had no such intention.

Tai Shan looked at Mo Shin and said:

"Mo Shin, can you bear witness to one thing for me?"

"What do you want?"

"It's about the duel between us and them."

"...Ah?"

Mo Shin smiled, and his white teeth showed.

"You're also pleased. Yes, that's it. We're here for that. We don't look down on those who only pursue safety."

Mo Shin laughed loudly and turned her body around.

"What do you want, a child from the earth?"

*

"I don't plan to get along with them."

The guide of evil is an enemy.

Summarizing the information of the ghost, there were things that had to be killed someday.

That was not a prediction, but a certainty.

"But the gap between us and them is very large."

Although he had his head stuck in front of Mo Shin, they were still very powerful.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

"So I want to make rules so that only battles that are uncertain and can't be won by either side can occur."

"Can't you just create a minimum line?"]

"I don't want to die without doing anything, so I can't avoid fighting with them."

The guidance of the wicked path gave Taesan many things.

Not only stats and skills, but also the experience of battle was important. And that's when we're willing to risk our lives to win and fight with all our might, we can gain the most.

"It's not bad. To be honest, I didn't even think I'd get involved in a fight of that level, so......]

Taesan was convinced by the whispering of the demon.

The commanders were strong.

They were powerful enough to kill Taesan just by showing their emotions.

The demon would intervene if an enemy of the same level as the commanders, who Taesan couldn't even respond to, attacked him.

But he didn't seem to think he would intervene regardless of the result if it was a fight with an opponent who would establish a minimum level of battle.

It was only natural. The gods of the labyrinth weren't stationed here to protect someone. They wouldn't respond to a just battle.

So Taesan decided to receive an answer this time.
Here is the translation of the text:

In order to achieve the minimum just fight.

He will obtain the rules that are most beneficial to him.

Mashin, who was stroking his beard in thought, turned his gaze away.

[I will set the rules. Losers.]

"Yes."

The Lion King swallowed his saliva and nodded his head.

[You can challenge him, but those who are too strong cannot rise up. Only those who can have a just fight with him, or those who can win together. When these rules are in place, I will allow the fight.]

"What if... those lines are not maintained? What are your thoughts?"

[You need to get my permission when you move. If you disobey and move, don't I also have to bear with it?]

Mashin smiled coldly, a smile that was different from the one he had towards Tai Shan.

The Lion King's face turned red.

"I understand. I will do as you say."
Here is the translation of the text:

[You have now reached the 30th floor, but you have surpassed the 30th floor. So, if you continue on this path, you will be a 40th-floor adventurer, or maybe a 50th-floor adventurer, and you will be worthy of fighting against several of them. If you maintain this level, I won't intervene. No, then there will be no reason for me to intervene.]

The demon whispered to himself and stretched out his hand.

[This contract was made with my name.]

The darkness enveloped the room like a black night.

[The darkness will find those who have been forsaken. If you desire that, you can break the contract.]

The demon laughed aloud. The girl's body began to sink slowly into the thickening darkness.

[As expected, you're pleased. Kang Tae-san]

The god called out the name of a mortal.

The guides of guilt were unable to hide their shock at this fact. The demon's eyes, which were disappearing, turned dark.

[This is a very satisfactory bonus. You have obtained the blessing of the demon [the one who has won according to the rules].]

"Thank you."

It was what I had been looking forward to.

The demon had a good impression of him and was going to give him something. So, if he chose an option that pleased her, he thought he would give him something.

His expectation was met. The demon laughed.

[Wait for the day when I will come to where I am.]

With a meaningful phrase, the demon disappeared into the darkness.

The darkness vanished.

The mountain god clapped his hands.
"Now is it over?"