
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 139

139. 31st Floor, God's Guide (1)

Although Tai Shan had held up his hand, the Lion King was too preoccupied to notice. He was too shocked to speak.

"Does God remember a human's name?"

The arrogant and powerful gods do not remember mortal beings. Even if they receive a messenger in their hearts, they do not accept the personal name of a mortal being into their mouths.

However, the God of the Devil's clan remembered a human's name.

This fact shocked the Lion King greatly.

"Let's calm down."

Tai Shan held up his hand again. A clear sound echoed through the air, and they regained their composure.

"That's it. I'll let you go wherever you want, whether it's similar to me or not. I'm leaving now."

He had achieved everything he wanted. There was no longer anything to see.

"......Do as you please. There's no longer anything for you to see."

The Lion King said with a relieved expression.
Here is the translation of the text:

It wasn't a bad story for them. With the 4th, 5th, and 6th grades of the underworld's guides, they could mobilize the evil guides inside the labyrinth and attack Tai Shan. Although there were conditions, they could even send off opponents of equal strength, let alone those who were difficult to defeat.

Then, it's not a difficult task to kill Tai Shan. The Lion King raised his upper lip.

"It would be good if we could see each other again. But it will be tough, you know."

After he finished speaking, Tai Shan grasped the key.

The scenery became unclear, and soon they were back in the familiar 30th floor.

Tai Shan laughed.

"We'll meet again."

He had asked the rules to be set to ensure safety, but it was also because he was confident in himself.

In cases where the opponent's victory was uncertain, he could certainly win.

"It wasn't bad."

He had gained a clear understanding of the strength of the leaders, who had been known only through rumors and abstractly.

The power of those who had reached the end of their lives. That was Tai Shan's next goal.

"Do you think so? I'm a bit dissatisfied."

"I knew it wouldn't work out, right?"

Soyoung, who had said she was friends with the yurei, would not appear before the yurei.

"It's okay to go meet them in person."
Here is the translation of the text:

It won't take that long. If you crush one by one the pawns of sin that are blocking the way, step by step, you will eventually reach the destination.

[...I see. Then it's fine.]

"If so."

Tae-san's face lit up with a joyful expression as he opened the status window.

He had not yet confirmed the rewards he had obtained from catching the pawns of sin at the 3rd level.

[Kang Tae-san] [Level: 72] [Shield: 545/545] [Physical Strength: 5990/5990] [Magic: 933/933] [Magic Attack: 72/72] [Attack Power: 2263] [Intelligence: 1841] [Agility: 2055] [Attack Power + 248] [Defense Power + 248] [Target is in the best state.]

His level had risen to 3, and thanks to the upgrade, his stats had increased significantly.

He had also obtained two skills.

[Basic Magic: Earthquake] [Mana Consumption: 14] [Mastery: 1%] [It shakes the ground, but it's still not at a significant level. As mastery increases, the vibration will become stronger.]

When the pawns of sin used this skill, the ground only shook slightly, but it was not at a significant level. Whether it was due to the spatial characteristics of the labyrinth or the limitations of the magic itself, it was still unknown.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Special Skill : Calming] [Consumes 30 mana] [Proficiency 1%] [Reduces the damage received. It's still very weak.]

"I don't need this."

It's not worth using, even though it's usable. Since it can't be used repeatedly, it's unlikely to be used in the first place.

This is a skill that I obtained by defeating the guides of sin.

And I also obtained a skill from meeting the upper echelons.

[Special Skill : Fervent Sword] [Consumes 50 mana] [Deals triple damage. This skill cannot be used for an hour after use.] [It's a good skill. I used it effectively when I went down.]

Although there is a one-hour restriction, it can create triple damage in a single use.

It's a good skill even on its own, but it was even more valuable to Taesan.

No matter what kind of damage, it can create double the damage.

This also applies to Fervent Sword.

When the damage is tripled, it becomes six times the damage, and it enters once. Although there is a one-hour delay, it was a skill of a different level.

And then, the blessing of the gods was given by Ma Shin himself.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The Blessing of the Gods: The Winner of the Rules"

"Is this a skill for guiding evil paths?"

It was a blessing that added rewards when winning against them. I don't know what level it is, but considering the effects of God's blessing so far, it won't be small. Since it's limited to a specific condition, it's possible that it won't fall behind even if compared to the upgrade of the system.

"Good."

I could get even stronger from now on.

Taihan closed the system window and descended into the labyrinth.

"This is the central part of the labyrinth. The darkness here is strong, but the existence of these people is making it slightly lighter. [Start of 31st floor quest.] Defeat the boss of the 31st floor and pass through. Reward: White Sword. Secret reward: ???"

31st floor.

The theme changed again. Taihan already knew what would come out because he had received a hint from Ita-yeon.

"Ah, the 31st floor, huh? I think I can beat it if you're around. What's going to come out?"

The ghost spoke in a fascinating tone.

As I descended the stairs, the shop owner appeared.

"Have you come this far?"
Here is the translation of the text:

The shop owner's smile deepened.

"Okay. You keep going down like that, and when you reach the place I'm expecting, you'll be done, right?"

"I'll do my best."

Tai Shan entered the first room on the 31st floor.

There was an NPC waiting there.

"Ah? It's been a long time since I've seen an adventurer."

A knight wearing golden armor was standing there.

*[You are the guide of the gods. You met Baragan.]

Baragan was a knight with a white, flowing beard. His armor, large shield, and sword were all golden, and it was dazzling.

"Ah? Hero?"

Baragan stopped when he saw the hero.

"...Long time no see?"

[Oh, long time no see? We only met once and never met again.]

"You're stuck by my side, aren't you?"

Baragan smiled when he saw Tai Shan.

"Are you the adventurer that Ainzhart was talking about?"

"Did you hear?"

"Yes, he praised you very much. He said he met a great adventurer."

Baragan looked at Tai Shan with shining eyes.

"You're not bad, I think."
Here is the translation of the text:

"Slumber."

He took out his sword. The blade of the long sword was white as snow.

Taesan reflexively took out his weapon.

"Don't be too cautious. I'm a kind of examiner. You can hear the details from the ghost behind."

[I don't know what kind of qualification test this is. I failed, after all.]

"What about you?"

Taesan was startled. Even a couple of adventurers who had been on a 30th-floor adventure would have the ability to cope with each other.

But the ghost couldn't pass the test.

"What's going on?"

"My test has two things. One is to judge the qualifications to come here."

Bargan held up his shield. His entire body was covered by the shield.

"This is very easy. Just show off your strength. And since I don't allow it, you can't come down even if I don't allow it. You'll just die with a high probability, so you should be satisfied with that."

"What's the other one?"

"The qualification to enter the battlefield of the gods."

Bargan smiled wryly.

"I'll judge whether you have the qualification to know the greatness of this place. The judging criteria are self-explanatory, don't you?"
Here is the translation of the text:

[Sub-quest starts] [Barigan, the divine guide, wants to test you after you've come down here. If you pass his test, he'll give you a reward and another quest.] [Barigan has challenged Tae-san to a duel. In this duel, neither side can kill the other.]

Tae-san has assumed a stance.

It seems that the ghost is not qualified to enter the divine battlefield. And it seems that he has failed, and the one in front of him, Barigan, is a formidable opponent.

There's no reason to refuse. It's not like we're going to die, and if we can get the qualification, we might receive a special quest like the one that the crazy spirit got.

[Accepting the duel.]

"Let's do it."

"Okay."

Barigan has assumed a stance.

"Then let's start now."

Boom!

A loud noise echoed. Barigan was running at an incredible speed, pounding the ground.

Extremely fast speed. It's incomparable to the speed of the sin guide I've seen before, but it's not beyond my perception.

[You have activated mental acceleration.] [You have activated the swift attack.]

You've activated your basic skills and moved your body.

Kaaang!

The sword clashed with the shield, producing a sharp noise. Tae-san's face contorted as he felt the powerful force emanating from Barigan's hand.

'He's strong.'

His strength stat is much higher than yours.
Here is the translation:

"As much as he was surprised, Barigan was also surprised.

'Can you block my charge?'

He had tried countless adventurers, but none of them could block his charge. Even heroes were no exception.

Taesan widened the distance. Barigan let out a "Kung Kung" sound and charged at Taesan.

It's strong and heavy. If they face each other head-on, the chances of winning are almost non-existent.

Then,

[You have activated a random Blink.]

At the moment Barigan's sword is swirling, he activated the skill. His body disappeared and reappeared again, and his position was above Barigan.

Taesan quickly grasped his position and used the power of gravity to bring down his sword. Barigan raised his shield and pushed back with a loud sound.

Kaang!

Taesan's body flew into the air. The speed was not normal. If this continues, he might crash into the wall and suffer serious damage.

Kuung!

Barigan didn't miss the opportunity. In mid-air, even the strongest person has limited movement. He thought he could catch up and finish him off.

Barigan, who had caught up with Taesan in no time, pushed his shield forward like a chariot."
Here is the translation of the text:

[You have activated the aerial jump.]

Tae-san stepped on the air. As he passed by Baragan's body, he slapped him on the back of the neck.

"Ah!"

[Baragan took 64 damage.]

"'Is that all you got?'"

Tae-san curled his tongue. It meant that, excluding the damage from Ora, he didn't take any damage.

"Wow!"

Baragan stopped in his tracks and slapped Tae-san. Tae-san blocked it with his sword, but couldn't help the difference in stats. His body flew back up to the sky again.

Baragan charged towards him. Aerial jump can only be used once in the air, and Tae-san hadn't landed yet.

But Baragan couldn't help himself.

[You have landed.]

Tae-san's physical body was affected by the force and landed on the ground.

"Ah, I've landed... Ah, geez."

Baragan couldn't help but be amazed.

"This is what Einzaharl said. It's unbelievable."

"What I'm going to say..."

It can be guessed from the previous battle. He was going up against an opponent he couldn't win against.
Here is the translation of the text:

It seemed that the opponent had a strength of 60 floors or more. Although there was a great gap between him and the leaders of the path of sin, the current opponent was far beyond what he could handle.

But Tai-san drew his sword.

"Let's continue."

This was an enemy that could not be defeated.

However, it was a rare opportunity to gain valuable things when fighting such an enemy. Tai-san took a deep breath.

"This is as far as I can go. If I'm not careful, I'll exhaust my strength."

Barigan restrained his excitement.

It was a battle that lasted almost an hour. During that time, Barigan was unable to suppress Tai-san.

[The duel has ended.]

Tai-san sat down, exhausted from the battle. He had fought with his all and achieved a not bad result.

How long he could withstand an enemy like this also affected his skill proficiency. In fact, his skill proficiency in fighting a strong enemy or his swordsmanship had increased by about 1-2%.

Tai-san was satisfied, and Barigan couldn't help but be impressed.

"Can someone who has just reached the 31st floor... last an hour against me?"
Here is the translation:

It was an impossible task. Even the strongest warrior like me couldn't withstand him for more than five minutes. And yet, he gained sufficient rewards for his outstanding achievements.

But one hour? That's a lot.

I had wanted to fight him ceaselessly, but I was a divine guide. I had to fulfill my role.

"If you were to... you could do it."

"What is it?"

"You have the qualification to represent the labyrinth and compete."

Baragan smiled slightly.

[Sub-quest completed] [Baragan will give you a suitable reward.]

Upon completion, another quest began.

[Sub-quest start] [Head to the battlefield of the gods and win the victory.]