
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 140

140. 31st Floor, Guide of the Gods (2)

After resting and recovering his strength and mana, he started talking again.

"What is this place called the Battlefield of the Gods?"

"It's not a difficult story to explain. You know that there are countless gods in the labyrinth, right?"

Tae-san nodded his head. He had seen only five gods so far. But as he went deeper, he would find many more, and it would likely be over a hundred.

"The gods who agreed with the magician's intentions entered the labyrinth. But the gods who did not agree with the magician's intentions are still left in the outside world."

The god born from the earth, like Hamon, also existed outside. It was something he already knew.

Barigan furrowed his brow.

"How foolish and weak they are, unable to enter the labyrinth and instead trying to set up their own battlefield and enslave their own followers. They claim that what you have created can be easily copied, don't they?"

Barigan sneered.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Can't you think it's foolish? They don't understand the greatness of the labyrinth and are only proud of themselves, but they're weaklings."

The god he saw was a god born of light on earth, just Hamon.

However, the difference in power was evident. Hamon's outburst was crushed by the light hand of Ma Shin.

The gods who had taken their place in the labyrinth were the highest-ranking gods in the outside world. Hamon's words made Bergan strongly agree.

"But even the gods from outside are unaware of their own limits and are running wild. They provoke the gods of the labyrinth, saying 'If you're really doing something meaningful, prove it to us.' They're unaware of their own limits."

"Can't we just crush them?"

"I would have liked to, but it's not that easy."

Bergan shook his head with a disappointed face.

"The gods from outside have combined their power to make their territory their own domain. No matter how powerful the gods of the labyrinth are, they have certainly suffered a loss of power. And they don't think it's worth enduring that loss, I suppose."

"That's so."

Ma Shin suddenly appeared again.

According to Bergan's words, destroying another god's territory would be an act that the gods themselves would have to endure the loss of power.
Here is the translation of the text:

"But Han Mun had destroyed Harmon's world, which was inhabited by demonic beings, just as it was.

For her, it was a story worth sacrificing her power to destroy Harmon, and on the other hand, it meant that the world outside had no such value.

"'I cannot bear it. The gods outside are mocking the labyrinth, you know.'

His words were filled with an unbearable anger and pride towards the labyrinth. Tai Shan nodded slightly, thinking.

'It's a kind of ego struggle.'

A struggle between the gods of the labyrinth and the gods outside. That was the story.

'If I've said this much, I think you can guess what's going on.'

'Will you become the representative of the labyrinth?'

'Exactly that.'

Baragan nodded vigorously. I understood the flow of the story, but there was something I didn't understand.

'So you can go, can't you?'

Baragan was stronger than Tai Shan. However, Baragan shook his head.

'I won't do it.'

'Why not?'

'Because we can't go that way in the first place.'

Baragan explained calmly."
Here is the translation of the text:

"The strong ones from that side block even the gods from entering. It's not possible to send someone too weak either. They need to be strong enough to win against their slaves and enter their world. You fit the bill perfectly."

Bargas gazed at the Taesan with a fiery gaze.

"You can crush the arrogant brats' noses outside."

He asked you to win against the followers of the outside gods and become the representative of the labyrinth.

That was Bargas' proposal.

Taesan hesitated for a moment, then looked at Bargas as if he had suddenly remembered something. Bargas clapped his hand in response.

"I didn't even give you a reward. Well, take this then."

Bargas handed Taesan a golden ring.

"While it may be a bit excessive for this level of adventurer, you've proven your strength. This reward is suitable for someone of your caliber."

[A Golden Ring] [Strength + 200] [Mana + 50] [Vitality + 20] [Agility + 20] [Intelligence + 20] [Attack Power + 20] [Defense Power + 20] [The value of the golden ring cannot be expressed in words.] [What is this? This is crazy.]

A ghostly voice echoed out, and Taesan's eyes widened in surprise.

"Is this ring really okay?"

The effect was unbelievable.
Here is the translation of the text:

It wasn't like it was stuck to a ring or something. Even if it was attached to the armor that gave the most stats, it would be too much of an effect, and yet it could be obtained in such a small quantity. The ghost let out a mocking laugh.

[Isn't it hard to get equipment that's 50 floors down?]

"Don't you know? If you go deeper, the equipment becomes worthless. The place is just different, you know."

[That's still a long way off, isn't it? It seems like we have too much equipment right now.]

"I don't think so."

Bargan gazed at the Taesan, muttering to himself.

"If that's the case, we'll reach the depths soon. So, it's not a big problem."

[What... That's it.]

The ghost fell silent. Taesan put on the ring.

There was no harm that could befall him, so he thought he would use it with gratitude.

"Okay, then what are we going to do?"

Bargan said with eyes full of expectation.

Taesan continued to think.

It was a dispute between gods, he said. Maybe we'll leave the labyrinth and head to the outside realm, which is the stage for the gods.

If there are gods who dislike the labyrinth, they might reveal their malice to Taesan.

It was a quest with a significant risk.

Taesan asked.

"What's the quest reward?"

"It's going to be overflowing."
Here is the translation:

Bargaini smiled slightly.

"The gods of the labyrinth will grant a sufficient reward to one who removes the thorn from their eye. I am the same, after all."

If the reward is certain, there was no reason to evade it. Tae-san agreed.

"Let's give it a try."

[Sub-quest accepted.]

Bargaini's smile deepened.

"Good. Very good."

"How do we go to the battlefield?"

"We'll head to the room on the left at the end of the 33rd floor. There will be a shrine of the gods there. We can go through it."

"Okay."

The 33rd floor wasn't far away. Bargaini sharpened his sword with a satisfied expression.

"Good. I'll take my leave now. I've prepared the reward in advance."

Bargaini left with a smile, and Tae-san, who had been watching him, also gripped his sword.

Now it was time to plan a new attack on the labyrinth.

* * *

"Did you not receive that quest?"

[I was a bit disappointed. I was just a little too weak, and it was too difficult for me to receive it at the moment. So I didn't get it at first. Were the gods outside thinking the same thing?]
The ghost spoke in an intriguing tone, muttering to himself.

"It's only natural, isn't it? From their perspective, gods who enter the labyrinth wouldn't be able to bear it. They've abandoned their own world and left, you know."

"Can ordinary gods enter the labyrinth?"

"They can, but there's too much risk for them. Unless they're extremely powerful, they'd have to change their territory, and if they do, their divine power might collapse. Most of the gods who have taken up residence in the labyrinth are gods with the highest level of power, so I suppose that's what it's like."

As the ghost was speaking, his tone suddenly changed.

"Ah, it's not like that, is it?"

"Is there an exception?"

"There were a few transcendent beings who entered despite the risk. They're not very good gods, but if you're careful, it's fine. You don't have to worry about it."

"It sounds suspicious."

It seemed like something was going to happen when we met again.

As we continued talking and moving through the labyrinth, a 31st-floor monster appeared.

[A white knight who had lost his sense of self appeared.]
Here is the translation of the text:

The knight was wearing equipment similar to that of Bergan. However, his armor was not golden, but white, and its quality seemed to be inferior.

The knight galloped towards Taesan, his feet pounding the ground.

Taesan drew his sword.

"Hmm, I've certainly become stronger."

From the 30th floor onwards, it's considered a middle floor, not a low floor. As a result, the strength of the monsters also seemed to have a significant difference compared to the previous floors. It was a problem for Taesan, but for an ordinary adventurer, it would be quite a challenge to adapt.

As I thought this, I remembered other people.

"It seems I haven't contacted you since I returned."

After returning, there were many things to take care of, so I couldn't focus on it. I suddenly opened a community and sent a message.

[Kang Tae-san invited Lee Tae-yeon and Kang Jun-hyeok.]

[Kang Tae-san [alone]: Are you there?] [Lee Tae-yeon [alone]: Yeah?] [Kang Jun-hyeok [alone]: Ah, brother. I knew you were going somewhere again, just like last time.]

Unlike last time, there was no sign of anxiety. It seemed like he no longer thought about Taesan's death.

[Kang Tae-san [alone]: What are you doing?] [Lee Tae-yeon [alone]: It's tough, but I'm managing. I'm almost done with the 10th floor now.]
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san was slightly surprised by her words. The speed was faster than expected.

[Kang Jun-hyeok [Alone] : Is this a blessing from God? I feel more comfortable because of that. I've heard that other players in the same mode as us have also become faster than before.]

[Kang Tae-san [Alone] : That's good, I suppose.]

The blessing from Lakiratas, given by God, had given him the ability to overcome struggles. Thanks to that, he had become even stronger, and those who didn't have a foundation were unable to catch up.

Other players in the same mode as Kang Jun-hyeok and Lee Tae-yeon were also starting to show results. They were clearing the hard mode faster than before.

It was a good thing. This way, more people would be able to survive until the end.

[Lee Tae-yeon [Alone] : The trial of the proud is going well, just as Tae-san said. I got stuck on the floor above mine.]
[Kang Jun-hyeok [Alone] : I ended up similarly. Thanks to that, I've become much stronger and was able to break through.]

[Kang Tae-san [Alone] : Good, I suppose. Once we break through the 10th floor, we'll be able to get all sorts of things, so it'll be easier from then on.]
Here is the translation of the text:

Whenever you clear a theme, you receive various titles. Even Tae-san became much stronger after clearing the 10th floor, so those with lower basic stats will feel it even more.

[Kang Tae-san [Alone] : If you need anything, just contact me. I'll at least provide some information.]

It's okay to share secret paths or boss information.

As the conversation was about to end, it seemed that Lee Tae-yeon remembered something and posted a message.

[Lee Tae-yeon [Alone] : Ah, Tae-san. Have you seen the community? It's about Ji-ha or Normal Mode.]

[Kang Tae-san [Alone] : I haven't seen it. You guys haven't seen it either. Is there time to check it out?]

[Lee Tae-yeon [Alone] : Yeah, it's not a big deal. It's not a bad thing either. Just check it out later, okay?]

It seemed like a difficult thing to explain.

Tae-san, who wasn't interested in Ji-ha or Normal Mode, continued to chat for a few more sentences before closing the community.

Tae-san then broke through the labyrinth again.

And when he cleared about half of the 31st floor, Ambresia appeared with a strange face.

"Hello?"

"..."

Tae-san tightened his grip on his sword without speaking. Ambresia hastily shook her hand.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's not like I came to fight, so don't do it."

"Then why did you come?"

"I came because I wanted to, and I have something to deliver. But those scoundrels don't want to go, so they're whining. I'm afraid it will cause a fight if I send it to the fourth floor, so I can't do it."

Ambresia let out a deep sigh. He thought that he was a guide on the path of sin and his personality seemed gentle. Because of this, he was being tossed around.

"So, what's the matter?"

"I came to explain the rules between you and us."

Ambresia began to explain.

"As a result of checking the rules of the devil, I decided to move when you reach the edge of the fourth floor."

"It's later than I expected."

"That's when we can release everything. We need to wait for that time."

It takes 40 floors to approach the top of the mountain to gather all the adventurers of the fourth floor. During that time, they will finish all preparations and meet the mountain. They judged that this method had the highest chance of success.

"What... I don't really agree with it."
Here is the translation of the text:

As they were preparing, Tai Shan was also descending to the 40th floor, becoming incredibly strong, unlike now. Ambresia's eyes sparkled.

"No matter what, we've decided to do this."

Tai Shan nodded his head. In other words, Ambresia was saying that the 40th floor was a path of sin that would not move.

Although the story was all over, Ambresia gazed at Tai Shan with a serious expression instead of leaving immediately.

"What's wrong?"

"Just, it's pointless."

Ambresia smiled wryly.

"You look like you're thinking about something. Let's see each other later."

Ambresia left, leaving behind a mysterious phrase.

A ghost said:

[You look at him and feel a complicated emotions.]

"Why?"

[Because your past selves are also reflected. You tried to conquer the labyrinth, but ultimately failed and fell. But you're moving forward, receiving the recognition of the gods. The successful and the failed. You can't help but think of such things when you look at him.]

"Is that so?"

It was an uninteresting matter to Tai Shan.

He is unbreakable. Having already seen the end of the world and gone through death, he has no intention of retreating.
Here is the translation:

That's all I can do is move forward. It's for the sake of strategy, for the sake of victory.

Taesan grasped his sword.