
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 141

141. Floor 32, God of Swords, Ehilli (1)

"Ah! Ah!"

A monster falls to the ground, and a smile appears on the face of the man who fought it.

[Clear 10th Floor Reward] [Five blue potions.]

"Wow...!"

The man, Kim Yo-han, exclaimed in joy.

He had cleared the 10th floor for the first time all by himself.

"That's great!"

He clenched his fist. The result was better than he had ever imagined.

He was a normal mode player. Like others, he was initially taken aback, but eventually accepted the situation and entered the maze.

However, he had not been able to clear the 5th floor for several months.

This was because he lacked the talent.

He would even stumble over light attacks and almost get killed by monsters of the same level, and had to run away in a hurry. It was the same for those who entered the maze with him. They all fell behind and were left behind, unable to move on from this place.

He was a failure, and his normal mode playthrough was known throughout the entire game. He failed to form a proper party and struggled alone.

But that was now over.
Here is the translation of the text:

"This is really……."

He gazed at the skill with youthful, elastic eyes.

[Divine Blessing: Talent of Struggle and Death] [He gains all talents related to struggle and death.]

The skill that allowed him to clear the 10th floor alone.

The effect of gaining a new talent was incredible. Not only could he block the monsters' attacks without much trouble, but he could also take them down without suffering significant damage.

Thanks to this skill, he became extremely strong.

And there was someone who had given him this skill.

"Is his name Kang Tae-san?"

He was in Busan when the world was about to end and he was given a choice.

Although he had never seen Tae-san directly, he had heard the stories of people in the same normal mode talking about him.

A person who had defeated many hard mode monsters alone.

Those people had fought against monsters that couldn't even resist and emerged victorious.

And the one who had blessed them all with his favor.

Thanks to Tae-san, he was able to tackle the labyrinth. The gratitude that Johan felt towards Tae-san was almost inexpressible.
Here is the translation of the text:

"When I meet you again, I should say a word of gratitude."

I thought it was impossible to reach that place, but I was able to do so. This feeling was beyond a simple feeling of gratitude.

And Kim Yo-han didn't know, but a golden aura was flowing from him.

This aura transcended dimensions and headed towards someone.

* * *

[My sacred power has increased by 1%.]

Tae-san, who had defeated the monster, stopped in his tracks.

"What's going on all of a sudden?"

[...That's unexpected.]

Tae-san's expression turned sour.

"Could this monster have sacred power?"

[There's no way it would... It doesn't.]

"I don't know."

It was a mysterious growth. Tae-san felt a sense of unease and continued to descend into the labyrinth.

The 31st floor was almost over. He had searched for the secret room and confirmed the reward.

[Sacred aura-infused sword] [Attack power + 25] [Divine blessing sword. It's currently worn out and only the remains are left.]

It was equipment of the same level as the weapon he was currently wearing. He thought it would be good to sell it at the store.

[The Adventurer title has been activated. The secret room reward is doubled.]
Here is the translation of the text:

"Oh?"

A sacred aura-filled sword was generated.

Tae-san had a satisfied expression.

"It's fine."

Although unnecessary equipment, it would be worth a lot if sold at the shop.

After receiving the reward, Tae-san continued to break through the labyrinth and was able to meet the boss soon.

[The self of the fragmentary soul appeared.]

Clang.

A white-clad knight, same as before, drew a sword. Tae-san pulled out two swords and charged.

Ka-ka-ka!

He used Wild Wolf's Fang and the dance of the Nine-Tailed Fox consecutively without activating his skill. The knight also did not flinch and used his own swordsmanship to counterattack.

Ka-ka!

Tae-san's sword flowed smoothly past the knight's sword and pierced his armor. He kicked the opponent's knee attack and knocked him down, then head-butted him.

[You have won against the self of the fragmentary soul.]

Victory was not difficult. Tae-san wielded his sword left and right.
Here is the translation of the text:

According to Taeyeon's words, monsters that use all sorts of weapons appeared from the 31st floor onwards. Therefore, Taesan also mainly used martial arts, and as a result, his proficiency level increased significantly.

[Advanced Skill: Storm Wound Sword] [Proficiency: 39%] [A martial art passed down from a world of destruction. Only one person now masters it. It's at a level where you can say you've made a breakthrough.]

40% was within reach.

The rapid increase was not bad, but Taesan's face was not very good.

"I feel like I've hit a wall."

His proficiency in martial arts was improving with each passing day. Now, he could activate the "Wolf's Fang" and "Muse's Dance" with almost no delay.

However, that was where it ended.

There was no sign of acquiring new abilities.

The ghost also agreed.

[It's almost at its limit. Didn't I say that? From a certain level on, it's really hard to learn on your own.]

"Have you reached that level?"

[That's a really tough step. It's a kind of integration, you know. Your accumulated skills and learned martial arts. They need to combine to produce something new. But that's......]

"It won't be easy."

[It's actually a very difficult thing.]

The ghost spoke in a hesitant tone.
Here is the translation of the text:

There are a few methods, but it's hard to explain them all here. You have to discover it yourself, but I haven't seen anyone who can do that. Even if you've acquired the talent for combat, martial arts is a different realm. What should I do?

I've thought about it for a while, but the answer hasn't come easily.

"I'll think about it later, I guess."

[You can think about it slowly. Once you get past this stage, it'll be a bit easier.]

First, let's check the clear rewards.

[The White Sword] [A sword without a single speck of dust. It was refined with a rare mineral that can't be found here.] [Attack power + 35]

"Ah, good."

Tai Shan used the twin swords. He needed another weapon besides the relic of Kart, and the weapon he was currently wearing had an attack power of 25, which was 10 points lower. Of course, he was thinking of exchanging it.

[He used something.] [He obtained the Golden Sword.] [The Golden Sword] [Attack power + 45] [A sword without a single speck of dust. It was refined with a rare mineral that can't be found here.]

"...?"

"This is annoying. Are you kidding me?"

The ghost muttered to himself with a wry smile.

Tai Shan changed his weapon again and descended to the 32nd floor.
Here is the translation of the text:

"[Starting 32nd Floor Quest.] [Defeat the boss on the 32nd floor and pass through.] [Reward: Bloody Armor] [Secret Reward: ???]

"'I'm not going to give you any magic items at all.'"

The knights came out on the floor, so all the rewards were like that.

I was a bit disappointed because I wanted to learn new magic soon. Tae-san sold the equipment he obtained by meeting the shop owner.

"'Why are there two of these?'"

The shop owner's expression changed, and he picked up a sacred sword with a holy aura.

"'This is... it'll be around 14,000 gold. Will you sell it?'"

"'I'll sell it.'"

The price was satisfactory. The amount needed to buy something from the shop owner had been saved.

"'What do you want to buy?'"

"'Not now.'"

There was nothing urgent at the moment. As I went down the floor, I thought I would wait as long as possible to buy better equipment.

Tae-san left the shop owner behind and went down to the 32nd floor.

The monsters on the 32nd floor were similar to those on the 31st floor, wearing armor and holding swords. They moved more skillfully and quickly than those on the 31st floor.

But that was all, and I just resolved it with swordsmanship and broke through.

And I was able to find the altar of the gods for the first time.

'[You have found Elhirl's Altar.]"
Here is the translation:

[Initial Discovery Bonus] [Strength has permanently increased by 10. Endurance has permanently increased by 30.]

"It's been a long time."

It didn't matter whether it was there or not, but it was a reward that made him feel good.

Taesan looked at the altar with the window closed.

The shape of the altar was extremely simple. No, it wasn't even worthy of being called an altar.

A massive sword that reached the ceiling was stuck into the ground.

There was a sense of air that enveloped him, as if he was about to be suffocated.

He had a hunch about the owner of this altar.

A ghost calmly confirmed his hunch.

[God of Swords. Ehilli.]

"Still."

He had a hunch. The God of Magic had taken up residence in the labyrinth, and there was no reason why the God of Swords wouldn't be there.

"This feels a bit strange, though."

He couldn't predict how the God of Swords would react to him.

In a way, Taesan had seized the opportunity given by Ehilli and increased his strength to an extreme degree. It wouldn't be strange to think that he had snatched the divine power in the middle.
Here is the translation of the text:

In addition, the scenery that was created was also destroyed. Although it was not directly trampled on by him, since he was involved, there was a sense of unease.

"It's irrelevant. The god of the abyss who is most unconcerned in the labyrinth doesn't care about you. He won't show you his hostility, but he won't show you his favor either."

The ghost was convinced and said so. If he speaks like this, it's unlikely that he will be hostile to himself.

Tai Shan approached with his sword and extended his hand. A chill crept up his hand.

At the same time, a breath flowed out of the sword. A calm but intense aura filled the room.

In the aura, I felt several emotions.

Curiosity.

Intrigue.

And welcome.

["It's not hostile, anyway."] ["Starting sub-quest"] ["Ehirl's interference zone has decreased."] ["Ehirl wants to test you who has come to his altar. If you accept, a strengthened trial will come to you. If you overcome it, there will be a reward."] ["Reward: Ehirl will decide based on your achievements."]

"Is it a strengthened trial from the beginning?"

[Even an unconcerned Ehirl has heard your words. It's clear that you don't have any intention of being interested. Then, let's start from here.]

The ghost murmured with a fascinating voice.
Here is the translation of the text:

"What kind of trial will I face? Even Ehilri doesn't show her emotions much, and I've never heard of a strengthened trial being issued, so what could be the case?"

"What did you receive?"

"It's similar to Rakiratas. I had to win against Ehilri's kind."

"So, I'll have to face the real one this time, too?"

"It seems that's likely?"

As we were discussing the content of the trial, a system window appeared.

[Sub Quest Acceptance] [Ehilri's power is imbued in the ghost.]

"What?"

"Huh?"

They froze. A massive aura began to infuse into the white ghost's body from the sword stuck in the floor.

The ghost was extremely startled and trembled.

"Wait a moment!" [Condition 1: Succeed in defeating the ghost in a single blow while in an equal state.] [Condition 2: Any skill unrelated to swordsmanship is prohibited.] [Condition 3: This quest will not end unless the conditions are met.]

Tae-san's pupils dilated as he read the conditions.

"Ah, ah..."

The ghost let out a sigh-like cry. The white ghost's form, which resembled a ghost from a movie, began to change gradually.

"...Is it possible for divine power to have brought me this far?"
Here is the translation:

Tahsan sighed.

The hair of white gold was fluttering, and a balanced physical body was born. A face with no features began to take shape.

The ghost disappeared.

Instead, a prince from a destroyed world appeared.

"Aa, aaa..."

The ghost looked down at his own hand. The one who had been staring blankly suddenly smiled.

"This is... quite disconcerting."

"I'm the same."

[The Prince of the Destroyed World, Badray, appeared.]