
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 147

147. The Outer Realm. The Divine Battlefield (3)

It was clear that the person was extremely weak, feeling a sense of powerlessness and energy.

Compared to the labyrinth, it was like being an adventurer on the 20th floor, and in the eyes of Tai Shan, they were utterly lacking.

"'Is the level of the outer realm really this low?'"

Malakasg looked at Tai Shan's eyes and felt a sudden surge of indignation, but managed to keep his mouth shut, not wanting to die.

Tai Shan clenched his jaw.

"Who is the god you believe in?"

"The sun god born from heaven, a great and powerful being who governs the high heavens."

"We are the sea god born from the earth. We defy our own fate and rule the sea, a god unique to ourselves."

"You're like Hamon."

All of them had their own prefixes. They were different from the gods of the labyrinth.

Tai Shan turned his gaze away.

"What do you believe in?"

"...I believe in the god of the green light."

"Ah, yes. Green."

Tai Shan placed his hand on the man's head. The man looked at Tai Shan with a worried face.

"Tell me honestly. What level are you and those guys on?"

"...?"
Here is the translation of the text:

The man glanced at the red and blue colors. Tai Shan smiled at his gaze.

"Who do you think is the one you should be afraid of?"

The man's eyes snapped back to reality after Tai Shan's response.

"It's the bottom. We are the three weakest groups. If only one strong person comes from here, we can crush us all."

"That's right. That's probably the case. If it's just this level, it's not worth talking about."

If that were the case, there would be no need for him to come down. Even a normal 30th-floor adventurer could handle it.

The strength that Baragan had gathered to find people was meant to be.

Malakasia's face turned red at the green words. Finally, unable to contain his anger, he shouted loudly.

"No more humiliation is allowed!"

"Then what can you do?"

"I'll bet our lives! I'll crush you!"

The man let out a loud "Ah" and drew his sword.

The ones behind him were the same. They glared at Tai Shan with evil eyes.

"This villain!"

"I won't forgive you!"

"Get out of here."

Tai Shan frowned.
Here is the translation of the text:

Red armor was not the only one, but also blue armor, which seemed to have an opportunity to rush towards Tai Shan.

Tai Shan waved his hand.

[You activated the Frost Arrow.]

Thud-thud.

Ice shards were drawn in the air. They emitted sharp sounds and pierced through the armors.

"Aaaaah!"

"Eeeehaaaah!"

They tried to block with their shields and swing their swords, but it was futile. The shields were pierced and the swords were broken.

They stepped on the corpses and approached Tai Shan. Tai Shan stretched out his arm. The sword drew a curve, and all the approaching ones were cut down.

Defense, offense, and self-sacrifice were all crushed by the overwhelming power. Malakas cried out in anger.

"This is unbelievable!"

He was incredibly strong in his own world.

As the champion of the sun god born from heaven, he possessed a power that even a royal dynasty could not dare to provoke.

However, in the battlefield of gods, he was a very weak existence. He could not defeat other gods' servants and continued to lose, ending up with only a small territory.

But he did not lose his confidence.
Here is the translation of the text:

He believed that it was because those who followed him were weak that he lost the earth. But in reality, it was not a lie. He was not that weak here. He had average strength.

I am not weak.

It's not my fault.

However, his flustered mind was shattered at this moment.

"Ahh...!"

Snap.

His sword was broken with a light gesture. He gave him a disdainful look, as if his existence was worthless, and his consciousness disappeared.

* * *

The Mountain King shook his hand. All those who rushed at him had fallen.

[You have defeated all the followers of the Sun God born from the sky. The Sun God born from the sky has been banished from the divine battlefield.] [You have defeated all the followers of the Sea God born from the earth. The Sea God born from the earth has been banished from the divine battlefield.]

The Mountain King looked up at the sky.

Two thick and powerful energies were sucked into the crack in the sky.

That must be the power of the gods.

[The gods of the underworld are satisfied with your achievements. A fitting reward will be given when you return to the underworld according to your achievements.]
Here is the translation of the text:

"Will it end even if I kill all of them?"

His purpose was to conquer the battlefield. It seemed that he could satisfy his goal by just eliminating everything without any conditions.

However, that's not all. He walked towards the green giant, who was lying down like a mountain.

"I want to ask the rest of you something."

"...What?"

The green giant's voice lacked strength. He looked like he had given up everything, his expression saying so.

"What's bothering you?"

As the sun god born from the sky and the sea god born from the earth were fighting here, they couldn't be ignored. If they combined their strength, even the middle-rank disciples wouldn't dare to mess with them.

So, he didn't allow a single attack and eliminated everything with a single strike.

He's a monster.

"Maybe even the one sitting at the top... will also..."

He's an existence that can't be resisted. The green giant gave up on surviving. Since he was alone to begin with, it was already impossible for him to do anything.

"If you just send me back to the side of the gods, I won't answer."
Here is the translation of the text:

"You'll say it, right? Those guys came rushing over and I didn't get to hear it all. Do you guys have a difference in level?"

"There is. Can you see the giant pillar at the far right edge of the sky?"

Tai Shan turned his gaze. From a distance, there was a black pillar that looked like a greenish-blue thing.

"That's the path where gods can convey their intentions or exercise their power. The closer you get, the stronger the groups become."

"This is the bottom floor."

The place where Tai Shan was standing was the farthest from the pillar.

"What are the conditions to expel the gods and conquer this place?"

"...Not many. You can just kill all the gods or break the statues, just like you did before."

"Statues?"

"In each of the gods' territories, there is a statue made in the god's image. If you break it, the god will be banished and the gods will lose their powers."

"Playing it dirty."

The rules were simpler than expected. Just kill them all or break the statues.

It seemed that Tai Shan's quest condition would be to break all the gods' statues.

Tai Shan rubbed his jaw.

"Let me tell you what I know about the gods here."

Note: The translation is based on the assumption that the text is a part of a fantasy story or game, with elements such as gods, pillars, and statues. The translation may not be accurate if the text has a different context.
Here is the translation of the text:

The green one has confessed everything, including whether the rumor was true or not.

"What kind of gods are there? Where are they located?"

"This is the self-proclaimed god."

"Ah, yes. The god who has proven himself through self-confirmation has risen to the level of godhood. Even the gods themselves are proud of him."

"But similar..."

Tae-san smiled.

The god of proof, who had taken up residence in the labyrinth, was in charge of a region similar to Fabash.

An idea suddenly occurred to my mind.

Tae-san nodded his head.

"Fine. I've learned everything I wanted to know."

"Then..."

The green one closed his eyes.

Tae-san unsheathed his sword.

[You have defeated the last servant of the blue-green god and driven the blue-green god out of the battlefield of the gods. The gods of the labyrinth are satisfied with your achievements, and a suitable reward will be given according to your achievements. You can return to the labyrinth.]

Another energy burst forth from the crack in the sky.

Tae-san got up.

[Shall I go right away?]

"I don't want to stay here for long."

Everything is artificial. The gods created this battlefield.

I felt uneasy.

"But I don't think I can leave immediately."
Here is the translation:

Tae-san took a step forward. As he approached the pillar, he felt a massive aura.

It was as if he was showing off himself.

He thought that place was the domain of the god of self-assertion.

"[It's easy. I can just smash the statue and be done with it, and it might even end quickly.]"

"No."

Tae-san shook his head.

"It won't end like that."

"[What else? Are you going to kill everything?]

"I don't have such thoughts. I just plan to do something more."

"Why?"

"To get more."

Tae-san whispered.

"The gods reward according to results, didn't they? I thought of the god of self-assertion."

So, the gods would be satisfied with the maximum amount.

They would be pleased and give even more than originally planned.

Tae-san arrived at the domain of the god of self-assertion.

There was a grand mansion. The outer wall of the building was extremely long, and the door was large enough for giants to come and go. The building beyond the outer wall was also elaborately decorated.

"Make it grand."

Tae-san struck the door adorned with all sorts of gemstones in front of him.

Kwa-ang!
Here is the translation of the text:

Along with the deafening noise, the door shattered into pieces and flew towards the building.

The broken door fragments were embedded in the building. They emitted a "kuurung" sound and a frightened cry.

Tai Shan walked away.

Soon, a large number of people rushed over.

"Intruders! Gather here!"

They shouted loudly and rushed towards Tai Shan. Tai Shan didn't stop walking and shook his hand.

With a light gesture, the armor was torn apart, and with a finger flick, his head was knocked off. With a light step, he kicked off and flew away to the building, where he was stuck.

"Ah, ah!"

Those who felt they couldn't stop him cried out.

"Go and bring the saint! We can't stop him!"

Some people went into the building, while others continued to try to stop Tai Shan.

Tai Shan broke everything and took one step at a time.

Just as he was about to reach the entrance of the building, a man in a dignified outfit appeared.

He was strong. At least, he was stronger than anyone Tai Shan had ever fought before.

"Are you the saint?"

"Yes, I am."

The saint gazed at Tai Shan with a calm expression.

"Who are you?"
(Note: The translation is not perfect as the original text is a Korean novel, and some cultural references and nuances may be lost in translation.)
Here is the translation of the text:

"Did you come from the labyrinth?"

"What labyrinth?"

The man's eyes fluttered.

"It seems you know."

[That's like the god of self-identification, so I'll leave it at that.]

"Then it's convenient to talk."

Taesan approached the sage. The sage cleared his mind and grasped the sword and shield.

"Even if that's the case!"

The sage drew his sword and charged forward. The sword, swung wildly, had the power to break through the outer wall and crash the waves.

Taesan stretched out his hand.

Snap.

The sword was caught in Taesan's hand.

"Ah, ah!"

The sage's eyes fluttered. The caught sword didn't budge, as if it were stuck in a rock. "Is it right below the surface? There's no difference, I suppose."

Taesan threw a punch.

The shield crumbled and the sage fell to the ground.

"Let's see later."

Taesan passed by the sage, who had fainted.

[Don't kill him?]

A ghostly voice asked in a puzzled tone. Taesan had not killed any of the followers of the god of self-identification.

"I said we would get more, didn't I?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"[You have triggered a backlash.] Ah!"

The disciples burst out like a burst of air.

At this level, it's possible to handle everything with just a backlash without any special skills.

As I walked, feeling a sense of power emanating from the place, I arrived at a location where a giant statue stood.

The statue was like a sculpture from ancient Greece. It had a long-haired male figure with a holy aura.

"Can I break this?"

Tae-san knocked on the statue with a loud "tap-tap" sound, as if to say, "You can't handle it!" The statue, protected by its sacred power, was sturdy but not strong enough to withstand physical force.

"You, you!"

Suddenly, a saint rushed over, looking quite flustered.

"That's enough! Stop right there! You'll get punished by heaven!"

"Why me?"

Tae-san shrugged his shoulders.

"I came here as the gods of your people wanted me to, so I'm doing my job. But why should I get punished?"
Here is the translation:

The sage of Mount Tai stumbled upon the words of Mount Tai. He was a sage of self-knowledge, and he had heard from God about the opposition between the mysteries of the gods and the external gods. Therefore, he knew why Mount Tai had descended to the battlefield now.

"Do you think you deserve to be punished? You couldn't even protect God? And didn't you come prepared for this?"

This is the battlefield of the gods. It is a place where gods kill and are killed by each other.

Mount Tai was only doing what was due to him in the battlefield.

Mount Tai raised his hand to the stone. The approaching gods suddenly let out a scream.

"But I'll give you a chance."

Mount Tai withdrew his hand.

The sage looked at him with a trembling gaze.

"...opportunity?"

"What, your god is a god of self-knowledge? Can you show me that opportunity?"