
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 152

152. Outside. The battlefield of gods (8)

Tai Shan looks at the system window that has popped up and says:

"What's this?"

"What's so many?"

The ghost murmurs to itself with a trembling tone. Tai Shan had a similar feeling.

He knew that there would be more than one reward.

The opposition between the name and the outside is evident.

As I have a big scale, I expected to give various rewards.

However, this is too much, even considering that.

"[Many gods respect the opinions of few gods.]"

"What do you mean by 'many gods'?"

[...... Ah, ha.]

The ghost's tone seemed to be aware of something it was guessing.

[Is that a concept? How amazing. I've heard the story, but I'm seeing it for the first time.]

"I know, so explain it to me. What's going on?"

[It's not that hard. Didn't it say that their interference range has decreased? I know when it happens, don't I.]

"When gods try to do something while reducing their own territory, it comes out."
Here is the translation of the text:

When Taesan cleared the strengthened trial and received a reward, a sentence like that appeared once.

[If you look at the gods whose intervention areas have decreased, they are all gods who directly challenged you. They have decided to give you a reward, and other gods are puzzled by this decision. However, they respected your choice.]

"Is that the concept?"

It wasn't a hard-to-understand story like a ghost's words, but there was one thing that was unclear.

"So, what did you get?"

[......That's it.]

A reward that even the gods are puzzled about.

[It's a good thing, but...... it's a bit scary.]

Taesan checked the system window one by one.

"How many lines are there?"

The text filled his field of vision, with over 50 lines.

"Let's clear this out."

With so many, he calmed down instead. He could check one by one. Before that, he thought about opening what he had obtained earlier.

[Special skill: Slaughter of Apostles] [Proficiency: 1%] [The one who killed the apostle of the gods. Forces the apostle to fall during combat.]

The fall of the apostle. From Taesan's experience, he understood the intention behind it.

"Can I deal a proper blow?"
(Note: The translation is in Simplified Chinese, as per the rules)
Here is the translation of the text:

Those who possess the power of the apostle suffer much less damage from those who do not. It was a skill that alleviated the difference in grades, making it difficult for attacks to hit properly.

"That's good."

Although there is an apostle's skill, its duration is only 10 minutes. This time, we barely won again, and if we had this skill, we could have looked forward to a longer battle.

"What's the point of this?"

[Divine Power] [Proficiency: 6%] [A divine power that is bestowed upon someone who is trusted and followed. It seems to have no meaning yet.]

After defeating Cain, the proficiency of Divine Power also increased due to the ascension of the saint's grade.

The skill was still unknown.

[Concept Skill: ???] [Proficiency: 24%] [The power of will manifests ???, and obtains ??? by synchronizing with others.]

The sentence "synchronizing with others" was added to the concept skill.

This skill also seems to be difficult to use properly yet.

I think we need to increase its proficiency further.

"Then let's check what we got one by one."

First, let's choose the god of selection.

The god of selection, Maria. She is the first god we encountered as an apostle.
Here is the translation of the text:

The reward she gave was the freedom to choose a special skill that could be exchanged for designated stats.

"I didn't get to use it much, I guess."

It was just enough to avoid the cliff when running away from the half-destroyed world. If I level up my skills and increase the ratio, it might be useful, but it's still very negligible, so I didn't pay much attention to it.

Maria also thought about it, and her reward was a change related to the freedom of choice.

[The special skill "Freedom of Choice" evolved into the special active skill "Selfish Choice".]

The evolution of a special skill to a permanent active skill was a rare occurrence. The mountain opened the skill window.

[Permanent Active Skill: Selfish Choice] [Increases one stat by one point.]

It was a very simple explanation. There was no need to think about the effects. Since I got the skill, I could just try using it directly.

The mountain specified its attack power and checked its stats.

[Attack Power + 361]

Its original attack power was 328. With an additional 33, it was increased.

So it's a 10% increase. The mountain's face was filled with surprise.

"It's useful, I guess."
Here is the translation of the text:

If the percentage increase skill, as predicted by Tai Shan, was not fixed, it was a valuable skill even beyond the depths. And the fact that it was a constant activation skill was the most important thing. Once designated, the skill would not disappear or require attention, and it would still take effect, making it an unconditional advantage.

[This is really... unbelievable.]

The ghost was also unable to speak. Even equipment aside, the percentage increase skill was something few had seen even at the depths.

"It's worth its name."

Selfish choice. The skill was as its name suggested. Tai Shan smiled and checked the next skill.

The proof of the divine. Fabasha. He also evolved his skills, similar to the god of choice.

[The special constant activation skill [Self-Proof] evolved into the special constant activation skill [Three Proofs].] [Special Constant Activation Skill: Three Proofs] [You have proven yourself to yourself, to God, and to the world. What you have accumulated has taken shape and has a material impact on those around you.]

Although the explanation changed a lot, the core remained one thing. Material impact.

Tai Shan immediately used it.

[You have activated three proofs.]

Energy surrounds Tai Shan.
Here is the translation of the text:

The effect was definitely different from before. Although it couldn't be seen with the naked eye, physical pressure was spreading gradually.

If one was weak, the pressure from being surrounded was enough to be fatal.

Taesan cancelled the skill.

"This thing isn't that impressive."

Even if it's considered a physical influence, it's not worth mentioning when faced with an opponent who can match Taesan. It was a pity that the gift from the god of proof was not up to par.

[...Is that really the case?]

But the ghost thought differently.

Just by revealing himself, he could affect not only the mind but also the physical world.

The meaning hidden within was not small. Taesan was on the verge of death just because the Spirit King was angry, but that was because it was responding to his emotions, causing a fire to erupt.

At this point, it doesn't have much significance.

But if Taesan gradually becomes stronger and reaches the level of the top echelon, this skill could have been a disaster on its own.

To the ghost, this skill is not something that can be received here.

However, Taesan, who is unaware of the ghost's intentions, continued to check for rewards.

This time, it was the god of victory.
Here is the translation of the text:

The reward given by the God of Victory earlier was a proof of the God's blessing, which increased the designated stats. It was a skill that was being used effectively.

However, it was different from the initial expectation. Even after defeating a single monster, Stat 1 did not increase. The increase became more pronounced as mana increased.

Fortunately, mana had almost reached a thousand.

Originally, the increase in mana was extremely slow.

Therefore, I had to obtain additional skills or items, or use permanent mana increasing potions sold at the shop.

The price was so exorbitant that even Taesan couldn't afford it. As a result, I had to struggle with mana shortage continuously in my previous life.

However, this time, I never had to suffer from mana shortage.

It was as if it had been proven.

[Title: The Power of Victory] [One who has never been defeated.] [Strength + 200] [Agility + 200] [Intelligence + 200] [Attack Power + 50] [Defense Power + 50]

"Oh......"

"[Ah......]"

Taesan muttered to himself with a blank expression.

"It's easy to understand."

The God of Victory's reward was extremely simple.

However, the numbers were extremely high. A ghost chuckled.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's impossible to say. Really."

The attack power and defense power have also increased by 50. Just by looking at the numbers, it's stronger by more than 10%.

"But since it's a fixed number, I can understand it. Good."

Of course, the number 200 is not a small number even in depth, but the ghost ignored the fact.

The reward that followed was the sword of the god, Ehill.

["You have obtained the sword of the deceased."] ["The sword of the deceased"] [Attack power + 70] [A high-ranking sword used by the owner of the mountain. It has been lying alone in the ownerless land.] [A weapon used for a long time can bring a weak soul to the owner and synchronize with it.]

Tai Shan gripped the sword. Suddenly, a strange sensation was felt.

He could sense the trajectory, flow, and balance of the sword.

"This is... good."

The sword has a different balance and weight, so it takes time to get used to it when first grasped.

However, Tai Shan was able to perfectly handle the sword even if it was his first time holding it.

Tai Shan decided to use the twin swords along with the sword of the god, Ehill.
Here is the translation of the given text:

"This is dangerous. I won't lose my sword like this."

The ghost let out a faint sigh.

Although the artifact from Carvett is a good weapon, since it was obtained at the 10th floor, its performance is lacking.

It's still holding on with some kind of reinforcement, but its footing is getting shaky.

"This won't do. I need to recover my old swords quickly."

The ghost muttered to himself as he began to plan.

As he thought, the Taesan confirmed the gift from the demon.

"The demon's magic has permanently increased by 100. The skill level of black magic has increased by 10%."

"It's simple."

But it was a certain and straightforward improvement.

The demon felt that the increase in magic was not as much as he expected, given that he was still in the 70s. Even with the demon's special skill for increasing magic, it was clear.

However, it only increased by 100 in one go.

Moreover, black magic is a skill that becomes stronger as the consumed magic increases.

It's not just convenient, but its power also increases in this aspect.

The skill level of black magic also increased, and the value of skill improvement was great.

And the demon's system window had an additional line that was different from other demons.
Here is the translation of the text:

"[The god is dissatisfied with the choice of another god.]"

"What's wrong?"

It was a difficult-to-understand system window.

Since it was not important, I passed it and checked the rewards of another god.

"[Special skill: Frenzy of Combat] [Proficiency: 1%] [As you continue to fight, your movements become faster and your strength increases. The effect disappears when the fight ends.]"

The god of combat and death, Rakirata's reward was. It was a battle continuation bonus suitable for the area under his jurisdiction. Since I would continue to encounter strong enemies, it was a very useful skill.

And the reward of the god of magic.

"[Title: Qualification for Magic] [You have obtained the qualification to learn a deeper magic.] [Mana + 50]"

The title seemed to explain the intermediate qualification for magic. And I got a beginner's magic.

"[Beginner's Magic: Region of Revival] [Consumed Mana: 50] [Proficiency: 1%] [The health and mana of all chosen existences within a certain range are restored.]"

"What's the recovery?"

Tai Shan's eyes widened.

Another way to recover health and mana has appeared outside as well.
Here is the translation of the text:

As I looked at it, the part that fell within a certain range and was related to all existence suddenly caught my eye.

When I returned to the earth, I felt that my mana and vitality were insufficient compared to anything else.

However, I knew that someone else could recover it, so it was a skill that was difficult to value for me.

"Ah."

Mount Tai burst out laughing.

Mount Tai then checked the reward for about 20 minutes.

It was the first time I had checked the reward for so long.

"It's beyond my imagination."

I believed that the reward would be considerable.

But I didn't expect to receive so much.

[So the other gods must have wondered.]

The results are excellent, but there is no value worth giving such a big reward. That must have been the judgment of the other gods.

[But the gods I have met personally were not like that.]

It's a sufficient reward without being excessive. That was the judgment of the gods I met.

[Well, it's not a reward that's hard to understand. Although it was imperfect, it was a sacrifice to kill a demon.]

As demons are positions directly ordained by gods, gods also need to consume considerable power. Those demons were almost like the gods' representatives.
Here is the translation:

Tae-san killed that demon.

Thinking about its meaning, it was a reward worthy of being received.

"It's not over yet, is it?"

The rewards given by the gods are individual rewards given as they gradually reduce their interference zone.

There were still special quest clear rewards remaining.