
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 153

153. Forgotten Shrine of the Gods (1)

Tai Shan checked the reward he received after defeating the gods.

What he received was a small gemstone.

[A gemstone with the light of darkness] [A gemstone that has absorbed the dirty light. No one knows what's inside.]

"Is this a material item?"

It was an unexpected reward. As most of the gods in the labyrinth are related to quests, I expected a high-level skill or equipment, but it's just a material.

Tai Shan looked at the gemstone with a puzzled face.

Inside the gemstone, something dark was swirling.

"What's this?"

[Except for its high level, it's nothing. I'm not an adventurer, but it seems like a pretty good thing?]

Tai Shan felt the same way. Despite being trapped in the gemstone, he could sense a strange power flowing out.

"It's good that it happened this way."

It's a material received as a reward for a special quest. The value of this material as a claw of the dragon is sufficient.

Tai Shan took the gemstone and left the room.

Just then, Bargan greeted him with a smile and a laugh.
Here is the translation of the text:

"What's up?"

"...I've been waiting, right?"

"Hold on! Ha ha! It seems my eyes were correct!"

He grasped the shoulders of the mountain with eyes that shone like a bright light.

"It seems you have sufficient strength! Very grateful! I'm incredibly grateful!"

"Ah, it hurts."

The mountain man scowled and shook him off. Barigan raised his hand with a charming smile.

"Oh, sorry. I got too excited and lost control of my emotions."

Barigan's face, beaming with joy, was the only thing that showed on his face.

It seemed that conquering the stage was as joyful as this.

"You can certainly receive this value. Take it."

He handed the golden earring to the mountain man. Although the pattern was similar to the ring he had received before, it was even more luxurious.

[Golden Earring] [Strength + 300] [Mana + 70] [Power + 40] [Agility + 40] [Intelligence + 40] [Attack Power + 40] [Defense Power + 40] [Golden Earring. Its value cannot be expressed in words.]

"Ah ho."

The mountain man laughed. Barigan watched him with a satisfied expression.
Here is the translation of the text:

"As I look at his expression, it seems he's satisfied."

"Sufficiently."

This stat is quite impressive for just one piece of jewelry. As I mentioned before, there's no equipment that can be obtained at this level.

"I'm glad I'm satisfied. So I'll head back down now."

Baragan let out a "Bargain!" and gathered his equipment.

As he was about to leave, he said to Tae-san, "I hope to meet you again someday if the opportunity arises, young adventurer!"

Baragan left like that.

I'm not sure when I'll see him again, but it won't be for a long time, I think.

Tae-san also started moving.

Before going down to the 34th floor, he needed to find the chief blacksmith and show him what he had obtained. He planned to commission the production of the equipment.

"Did you come?"

The beardless dwarf, as always, greeted him warmly.

"What's the purpose of your visit this time?"

"I got a material, and I want to see if it can be used to refine claws."

Tae-san handed over the gemstone he received as a reward.

Halfdan's face contorted as he received the gemstone, his face expressionless.

"...What's this?"

He stared at the gemstone.
Here is the translation of the text:

"What's that?"

He gazed at Taesan with a piercing stare that seemed to bore a hole into him, then turned his attention back to Taesan.

His face was filled with confusion.

"What's the point of getting this thing?"

"Clearing the quest."

"You got this as a reward? Even God wouldn't be able to get this, let alone a mortal. Is this thing worthless?"

"It's not valueless, of course."

If the reward for clearing the battlefield was worthless, he would have felt uneasy. Half-Ran rarely spoke, but this time he stuttered.

"What... what... how did you...?"

"What's the material for this?"

Half-Ran shut his mouth. He sent a complex gaze towards the gemstone, saying, "The light of the origin is hidden deep within the gemstone."

"What's the origin?"

"The light that is said to have existed since the creation of the world. It is a material that surpasses time and runs to the end of the world, reaching the end of all things first. Its value... I don't know. Is there anyone who can appraise it?"

Half-Ran gazed at the gemstone with a dazed expression.
Here is the translation of the text:

"'It's faster than time, an absolute impossible fantasy material. Can God control something like that?...'

'It is.'

Tae-san laughed. He seemed to think that Half-ran's reaction was sufficient compensation.

Tae-san pulled out the main topic.

'Can we melt this into the dragon's claw?'

'......'

Half-ran's mouth was shut tight.

It was an uncharacteristic reaction from him, who always responded calmly.

'I don't know.'

In the end, Half-ran gave a vague answer.

'This is the first time I've handled this material. The dragon's claw and all the materials you've given me, including this one, are not inferior. Integrating all of them... I can't guarantee it.'

'Well, is there anyone else who can do this besides you?'

'There isn't.'

Half-ran replied firmly.

'There's no one here who is better than me at being a blacksmith. I guarantee that.'

Half-ran's gaze remained fixed on the gemstone.

Tae-san nodded his head in agreement.

'Then you do it.'

Tae-san's response made Half-ran's eyes waver.

'Really, is it okay? This is... not ordinary.'

Of course, as an individual, he would have liked to handle this gemstone himself."
Here is the translation of the text:

I wanted to create a perfect item that would make it impossible for anyone to dare utter a word, by dealing with the light of the origin and controlling the power of the divine king, and then refining the dragon's claw.

This was the instinct and desire of the dwarves who Halfdan hated so much.

But at the same time, he was afraid.

He was afraid that the precious materials, which were so valuable, would turn into worthless trash under his hands.

Taesan spoke calmly.

"It's useless anyway."

He was like a ghost. He was not an adventurer who would venture into the labyrinth.

"So I can do it. I won't care about the result. And you don't really want to do it, do you?"

Halfdan's gaze and gesture towards the gemstone were all showing. How much he wanted to deal with this gemstone.

"...Really?"

"Of course, if something useless comes out, I'll have to work for free, and the value will be worthless."

"I have to work hard. If I'm not careful, I'll end up working for free for the rest of my life."

Halfdan laughed with a kick.

Taesan didn't know, but this was the first time Taesan had told Halfdan to do as he wanted.

"I won't disappoint you."

Halfdan grasped the gemstone.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's time to talk. There are two options."

Half-ran's eyes sparkled as he spoke.

Until now, he seemed powerless and uninterested in everything. He seemed to have his own goals, but in reality, he was giving up and acting like he had.

But now it was different.

His voice was filled with power, and his actions were confident.

"The first option is to use the materials you've given me separately. Since each one is outstanding, it will produce useful equipment."

"What are the downsides?"

"It will be usable for a while. But it's unlikely to find better equipment. However, it's necessary to replace it when you reach the depths."

"How deep is the depths?"

"That place is a completely different level. No matter how valuable something is here, it's the same as trash compared to the depths."

It was a laughable comment, but it was an understandable remark.

Those who had reached the depths were all people who could effortlessly crush a dragon, the Golden Wyrm, and the King of Spirits. Comparing them to the King of Spirits, the King of Spirits was still superior.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The equipment can't be made with just one material. At least five materials are needed. Even if the core material is extremely high-quality, like a beacon of light, other materials may actually hinder its performance. Unless the other materials can at least meet the minimum standards, the equipment's value will be greatly reduced."

The Great Sage thought for a moment and said, "Then if we use all these materials to make just one equipment, won't it be impossible to change it?"

He said this with a confident face, as if no one could deny it.

"If we just focus on success, we can reach the depths and find equipment that surpasses it."

He asked, "Then, can I ask for that?"

It was obvious that he expected to be able to use the equipment until it was no longer needed.

The Great Sage seemed to have anticipated this, and his expression was calm.

"But then, a problem arises."

"What problem?"

"The individual characteristics of the materials are too strong."

He hesitated, fiddling with a gemstone on his hand.

"Dragon's claw, the ember of the Spirit King, the core material... each is a unique material. The combination of materials is also important for equipment. Of course, it will still be great, but the value of the materials will be disappointing compared to their worth."

The Great Sage scratched his chin and thought for a long time.

It wasn't until the flames of the furnace began to dwindle that he opened his mouth again.
Here is the translation of the text:

"There's one way, but... I don't know what will happen."

"Let me explain it first."

I didn't think of making a clumsy mistake up until this point. Half-Elven began to explain.

"I know a hidden relic."

"Relic?"

Tai Shan's eyes sparkled.

"I don't know whose relic it is. I somehow got the key to the passage."

Half-Elven took out one key. Since it was rusty and emitted a dim, eerie light, it looked like it had been there for a long time.

"This is the passage to that place."

Tai Shan gazed at the key with a far-off expression.

The key was emitting a faint aura towards him.

It felt like this was what he had been searching for.

'The blessing of the gods.'

The blessing of the forgotten goddess's rebirth.

If you get that, you can know the goddess's position ahead of time, as I explained.

"What's inside, I don't know in detail, but..."

[If it's a divine artifact, I'm sure I can gather all the materials together.]

"That's right. It's dangerous, but it's possible."

"How difficult is it?"

"From what I've detected from the outside, it's quite difficult. At least, it's a level that can be passed by reaching the 40th floor or later."
Here is the translation of the text:

If this were the Taesan of now, it would have been possible at a level of barely holding on.

Taesan nodded his head.

"Good."

* * *

[Start of Sub-Quest] Half-elf blacksmith Harfran wants you to gather materials for the production of perfect equipment. [Reward: One perfect equipment]

"If it's dangerous, you can come back. This place is a secret area, so you won't be affected by the level's reward system. You can try again later when you're stronger."

Taesan nodded his head, receiving the key.

The key disappeared into Taesan's body as if it had been waiting.

At the same time, Taesan gained knowledge of how to open the secret passage.

Taesan grasped the space with his hand and opened it. Beyond the space, another space was visible.

Harfran's expression turned shocked.

"I didn't have that kind of effect when I had it."

"There must be a connection on the other side."

Taesan immediately put his body into the space.

Harfran accompanied him.

"Come back safely."

Taesan stepped into the space with his feet.

The first thing that appeared was a world that had turned into a dark gray.

(Note: Taesan is a Korean term for a mythical mountain, and it seems to be used as a name for a character in this story. Harfran is a half-elf blacksmith.)
Here is the translation of the text:

The labyrinth was similar, but everything had withered away. As Taesan touched the wall, the surface of the wall cracked and crumbled.

"What's with the wall of the labyrinth? How old is it?"

"It's because the forgotten goddess of the labyrinth was there before. Of course, it existed from the beginning."

"The origin of the labyrinth... it's really ancient."

Taesan examined the structure in detail.

The labyrinth's passages and structure were similar. The width was also similar. There was enough space to move, but it wasn't very spacious.

Taesan continued forward.

Half-ran said that this place was at the 40th floor level and that it was a place that could be passed through.

Given that, it was likely that something was hidden, and soon Taesan was greeted by it.

Ah!

An arrow flew towards him. Taesan immediately activated his mental acceleration.

"It's slower than I thought."

If I were to grab it, I could catch it at this speed.

Since it was the initial stage, I didn't think it would be too difficult, and Taesan tried to catch the arrow. However, the arrow's speed changed suddenly.

The speed was several times faster than it was just a moment ago, and it pierced Taesan's chest.

Taesan quickly turned his body around.

Ah!

The arrow narrowly missed Taesan's arm and passed by.
Here is the translation of the text:

The arrow that had passed by Taesan flew around in the air and then flew back. Taesan focused his mind and read the trajectory. He followed the arrow's movement with his eyes and moved his body. Taesan's sword struck the arrow and cut it in half.

It wasn't an ordinary trap.

Since the sword received a significant impact from the arrow, a normal 30-story adventurer would not be able to block it.

[Even after such a long time, the trap was still intact.]

"It seems like it won't yield easily."

Although he received the goddess's quest, the relic seemed to have no intention of letting the intruder enter easily.