
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 155

155. The Forgotten Shrine of the God (3)

Types of traps.

And their patterns.

Solutions and strategies based on patterns and types.

Mastering everything and executing it without a single mistake.

It was like the movement of a seasoned thief.

Not even the forgotten shrine of the god could detect it.

It was all based on my own experience and analysis.

"It was easier than I thought."

Tai Shan was also surprised. He had never broken through so quickly before. There was an error, and it took more time, and sometimes he made mistakes.

But this time, it was a perfect strategy.

"Is it because of this skill?"

A skill that allows you to feel the determination of everything.

It's hard to put into words, but I felt something in the traps. Thanks to that, I had a high probability of intuitively understanding the strategy.

"Not bad."

It took a long time to see the effect, as expected, and this unexpected help made me feel good.

Tai Shan checked the traps he had cleared.
Here is the translation of the text:

[The Web of God's Favor, which was once used by God himself. Now, it's a relic of God's forgotten artifacts, with a dignity that's far beyond its current state.]

"It's usable, I suppose."

This web was cut with a half-magical lightning bolt by Mephisto, who used half of his magic.

It seemed like it could be useful in various situations.

The mountain went further.

There were no more traps to be seen. At the end of the endless tunnel, a small door was discovered.

When the door was opened, a statue of a goddess with a worn-out expression and a knight in gray armor were found.

[You met the forgotten goddess's apostle.]

"Apostle?"

The mountain scowled.

The system window popped up, indicating that he had really seen something.

[The opponent is a difficult to defeat enemy.] [The desire for battle was triggered.] [A fair fight was triggered.] [The proof of one's limits was triggered.] [The humiliation of the strong was triggered.] [The theory of relativity was triggered.] [The Giant Killer was triggered.]

One's physical strength is amplified, and all speeds increase, with a boost in attack power and defense.

"Why does the apostle appear so frequently?"

The mountain muttered to himself, drawing out two swords.

[You have activated scouting.]
Here is the translation of the text:

As expected, no information emerged about the forgotten goddess and her related matters.

The apostle of the forgotten goddess had been rotting away for ages, forgotten by the world.

Just then, a knight who looked like he might collapse at any moment drew his sword.

Clang!

The sword was also completely rusted, just like the knight.

The Taesan, who had witnessed the entire process, narrowed his eyes.

"Is there no sense?"

All that could be seen from the knight, who was silently drawing his sword, was his determination to protect the goddess.

Kuuung!

The knight stomped his foot. He was about to turn into dust at any moment, and with his rusted sword, he was about to strike down Taesan.

Kaaang!

His knees bent and he felt a strong pressure on his arms.

'Thank you.'

Even though his stats had surged dramatically due to his noble opposite skill, there was still a clear difference.

He was stronger than Cain, who was previously his rival, and had the power to rival the gods.

He must have explored the depths of the underworld in his lifetime.

There is no time to waste and relax. Taesan immediately activated his Sadohwa. He had taken a break after returning from the battlefield of the gods, so his daily cooltime had passed.

[You have activated Sadohwa (Rakiratas).]

Divine power is imbued in your body.
Here is the translation of the text:

A vast amount of information entered the mind of Taesan, and his entire body was strengthened.

Kaah!

Taesan unsheathed his sword. The rusted knight took a step back.

Taesan's face slightly contorted.

‘Isn’t it gone?’


However, he didn't have time to think about it. Taesan drew his sword.

[You have activated the Sado Assassin.]

He activated a skill that could bring down the Sado's level. The aura that had been wrapped around the rusted knight slightly weakened.

Kakak!

However, it didn't give in.

The knight pressed Taesan calmly and steadily, without any hesitation. Despite using the Sado's technique and lowering his level, Taesan was still being pushed back. He gritted his teeth.

"This is true Sado."

[At least, you're still quite weakened. If you were a true Sado, you wouldn't be able to resist and would have died by now.]

As the ghost's words suggested, Taesan was fortunately able to withstand it and even counterattack occasionally.

Over time, the god forgot about it, and it seemed that the power of Sado had greatly weakened.

‘It's enough for now.’

Peevish!
Here is the translation of the text:

From Tai Shan's body, four arrows burst out.

They moved around, targeting the knight.

The knight did not respond.

He simply drew his sword, lowered his foot, and struck.

Boom!

A huge shockwave swept through the room. The flying arrows wobbled and were repelled. The worn-out knight did not even bother to use his hand to handle the arrows.

However, this was exactly what Tai Shan had expected.

The arrow stuck to Tai Shan would not be devoured by a knight of higher rank than him.

He had aimed at a very small opening.

Tai Shan plunged into the knight's lower body.

[You have activated the jump.]

Kaang!

Thanks to the ability to learn the Sword of Abilities, the effect of the jump also changed. When activating the jump and hitting the opponent, you could also deal additional large damage and shock. The worn-out knight's foot slightly lifted off the ground.

Tai Shan moved his sword directly. He stabbed his left shoulder with his left arm and cut his right thigh with his right arm.

The knight struck his sword downward while floating in mid-air.

It was an attack that seemed to be crushing with heavy weight. Tai Shan, who was about to ignore the attack and counterattack, felt a bad omen and hastily retreated his body.
Here is the translation of the text:

The messenger of the forgotten goddess activated the weight of will.

Kaaang!

The sword cut through the depths of the labyrinth. A small gold coin appeared on the floor of the labyrinth.

The Great Mountain burst out laughing.

"Did you make a gold coin appear in the labyrinth?"

Kuuung!

The knight immediately stood up and rushed towards the Great Mountain. The Great Mountain's face contorted in anger, like a fire-breathing dragon.

[You have randomly activated a blink.]

The knight's body moved behind the Great Mountain, dodging the attack.

Since he had marked the target with a seal, it was possible.

He stabbed the sword into the nape of the Great Mountain's neck, and the armor creaked and scattered gray dust.

[345 damage to the messenger of the forgotten goddess.]

The knight twisted his body to reduce the damage, but the damage was still activated. It showed that the knight's defense was extremely high.

It was a difficult victory, but it was a different opponent from Cain. Even with the same judgment, the gap between them was like heaven and earth, which was something that had been known from the beginning. So, he calmly composed himself.

The battle was likely to be a long-term one.

The Great Mountain took a deep breath and activated his skill.
Here is the translation of the text:

[You have launched a no-breath attack.] [You have launched a wind-step deer.] [You have launched a small spark.]

He rushed towards the corroded knight.

* * *

First, let's nullify the attack. Tai Shan stepped on the ground. He accelerated and sprinted at a fast speed.

[You have launched the sword of the spirit.] [You have launched the addition.] [You have launched the strong blow.]

The knight did not dodge the reckless charge. He held his sword with both hands and faced him.

Each other's swords pierced each other's chests.

[The forgotten goddess's apostle dealt 4130 damage.]

The sword of the spirit, three times. Plus addition, twice the amount. And the strong blow's additional attack power.

The combined damage was enough to make everyone shocked.

[Your first attack nullification has been triggered.]

The knight's physical body returned to its pre-attack state. Although he was shocked by the high damage and sudden change, the knight seemed to have done nothing and swung his sword again.

Tai Shan did not dodge and continued to attack. The sword of the spirit, which has a cooldown period, cannot be used, but it still dealt a high amount of damage before the knight's counterattack triggered the attack nullification.
Here is the translation of the text:

After repeating the phrase once more, Taesan widened the distance.

Although the three attacks were ineffective, there was no hesitation in the knight's movements.

It was confirmed.

The knight who had been worn out did not have emotions.

He moved without being swayed by any matter.

"'It's troublesome.'"

Taesan clenched his teeth and activated his magic.

"[You activated a lightning strike.]"

The lightning struck the knight's body, but the knight's damage was only 10 and was barely worth mentioning. The mana was wasted.

"Whoa!"

The knight charged forward. Taesan swung his hand.

A small spark ignited.

The spark merged with the wind and grew bigger. Soon, a massive firestorm began to spread across the room.

The knight rode the storm and brought down his sword.

"Phew!"

The storm exploded and disappeared.

The scattered flames were pierced by the knight, and he attacked Taesan.

"Kachikach!"

Taesan blocked the attack and thought calmly.

"'Divine magic, spell. Neither of them works.'"

Although the skills were certainly powerful, they were insufficient against a trickster.

"'Then what about this?'"

As he moved, his mana recovered a little.
Here is the translation of the text:

[You have activated Mephisto's Black Thunder.]

The black thunder pierced the article.

Just then, the article's movement slowed down slightly.

But even a tiny gap was definitely visible to the great mountain.

It was not 200, but still quite impressive.

The black magic was also effective on the forgotten goddess's apostle.

After confirming, the great mountain charged.

[You have activated acceleration.]

Instantly, the speed of the sword accelerates. The swung attack barely grazes the article's arm and cuts it off.

Whoosh!

The article ignores the attack and thrusts its sword.

[You have activated flow.]

At the moment when the great mountain's sword and the article's sword collide, the article's sword glides past.

The article does not flinch and continues to swing its sword. And all its attacks were deflected.

The great mountain had adjusted its attack timing by moving its sword.

And when the article's gap was largest, the great mountain plunged into its chest.

Thud.

The great mountain's sword pierced the article once again.

The article kneed the great mountain's chest.

[You take 743 damage.]
Here is the translation of the text:

Although I activated a strong defense that reduced the damage by half, I still took a significant amount of damage.

However, it was not to the point where I couldn't withstand it. I could handle this level of damage.

[You have activated Thunderous Strike.]

Kaaa!

The sword clashes and the knight's body is slightly pushed back. Tai Shan continues to attack, timing his strikes perfectly. He repeatedly repels the opponent's sword and succeeds in attacking.

As Tai Shan strikes the knight, he simultaneously activates a lightning-fast attack. The knight's body trembles slightly, and Tai Shan seizes the opportunity to strike the knight's thigh.

[564 damage to the forgotten goddess' apostle.]

He lowers his stance and raises his sword.

[You have activated Jump.]

Kaaa Kaaa!

The knight's body rises. The knight, just like before, holds up his sword. However, this time, Tai Shan rushed in before the knight could activate his skill.

[You have activated Continuous Attack.]

A powerful shock wave hits the knight's sword, causing his grip to loosen and revealing a weakness.

Kwajik.

Tai Shan's sword strikes the knight once again.

He unleashes everything he has.
Here is the translation of the text:

Taesan allowed himself to be hit a few times, but he managed to dodge the attacks directly and suffered only a bearable amount of damage.

As the battle continued, Taesan's attacks became faster and sharper.

It was thanks to Raki's crazy fighting spirit.

Pffft.

Taesan kicked the knight hard. The knight stumbled and fell to his knees.

"Is that the end?"

[I think so.]

It wasn't that hard.

The only thing left was his instinct, and that made it easier for us to predict his actions.

In short, the knight never once grasped Taesan's swordsmanship.

If it were a normal enemy, we would have noticed a pattern in Taesan's behavior and attacked accordingly, but since he was lacking in intelligence, such a clue was nowhere to be seen.

However, the result was extremely precarious.

The fight with Sado ended a long time ago. It was because Sado's physical strength was incredibly high that he was able to attack relentlessly without resting, and it took a long time.

Thanks to the assassin's help, Taesan suffered a bit of damage, but if he hadn't, he would have given up and waited for the next opportunity, as he was too strong.

It was that moment when Taesan was sure of his victory.

Clank.

The knight's armor fell apart.
Here is the translation of the text:

The armor was corroded and turned to dust.

The helmet shattered, revealing the warrior's appearance.

The mountain stood still.

Inside the armor, there was only a faint, grayish aura.

The grayish aura burst forth from the crumbling armor, forming a massive shape.

[The forgotten goddess's apostle activated the dimensional collapse.]