
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 156

156. The Secret Ruins, the Forgotten God's Ruins (4)

[Wow!]

The shadowy monster is howling. Just the howling is making the room shake. The mountain is hastily bending its body.

[You have activated your Fortitude.]

The howling is covering the mountain. The mountain's body is violently shaking.

[You take 45 damage.]

"Ah."

The physical impact is inflicted just by the howling.

The mountain has its tongue out and raised its head.

The monster, which filled the room, did not have a proper form. It was just a lump of shadowy energy that was fluttering about.

[What, what a madman!]

The ghost was shocked and at the same time, a warning bell appeared.

[A holy knight has appeared!] [Wow!]

The monster continued to howl.

As it seemed to have no intention of attacking for the time being, the mountain quickly took out a recovery potion.

"What's going on."

[Wow!]

A terrible power was felt from the howling monster.

However, unlike the violent power that dominates the entire space, there was no sense of tension whatsoever.
Here is the translation of the text:

"...only those who have transcended to a higher level can do such things. But this is... this is..."

"I said it's a catastrophic fall."

It's a skill that's not even normal just by mentioning its name.

The ghost swallowed the saliva and said:

"Don't you remember that I told you that I'm a saint who has offered my soul to God and risen to a high level? You've seen it yourself, so you should know."

"I'm fully aware of it."

For those who have risen to the position of a saint, the attacks from those who are not like them barely have any effect.

The territory that transcends the mortal realm. That's what a saint is.

"[I've forced my own level to fall. I've dragged the soul that has risen to a great height down to the mortal level and then forcibly changed it with strength.] Oh, oh, oh!"

The monster was screaming nonstop.

"But this is..."

"Are you going to die?"

"[It's even worse. The soul itself is being destroyed. If the soul is intact, I could have remained as a spiritual existence or been reborn like Malphas, who has taken on a physical form according to the will of the Fallen Angel. But this is... just the end.]"

They are exerting themselves to kill the mountain for that reason.
Here is the translation:

The opponent is an enemy that cannot be defeated.

A new judgment has appeared.

This state is stronger than when I was well-prepared.

The Taesan let out a cold smile.

"It's going to be a tough one."

[Oh......]

The wailing began to decrease.

The monster waved its hands made of gray dust. The only passage let out a scream and slammed shut.

Escape is impossible.

Taesan strengthened his grip on his sword.

"How much time do we have left?"

[I don't know well. I've never seen it before. Since it's a collapsing process, I don't think I can hold out for long......]

The situation was at its worst.

Sado was unable to activate due to cooldown.

Although he recovered his physical strength and mana with potions, his magic was completely exhausted. His shield was the same.

It would be equivalent to suicide to fight an enemy that cannot be defeated in this state, but Taesan laughed. It had been a long time since he had been cornered like this.

Excitement is building.

Taesan charged at Sado, thrusting the ground.

* * *

There was no intention of waiting calmly for the opponent to attack. Taesan was running wild against the monster.
Here is the translation of the text:

The monster slightly moved its head and swung its enormous claw.

Taesan drew his sword.

[You activated "Splash".]

A skill that makes everything it touches with the sword disappear. As soon as the sword touched the claw, the claw's trajectory was twisted.

[Wow!]

The monster let out a roar.

The twisted trajectory was forced back to its original position by an overwhelming power.

Taesan quickly twisted his arm.

Kuung!

The claw struck the wall. Taesan narrowly escaped, waving his arm.

[You took 1130 damage.]

It wasn't a direct hit, but it was only a slight graze, and yet the damage was so severe.

"This 'Splash' is crushed by brute strength, isn't it?"

It was not impossible. "Splash" was a skill that twisted trajectories.

In other words, if one could correct the twisted trajectory with brute strength, then an attack was possible.

However, until now, there was no one who possessed overwhelming stats to achieve that.

[Wow!]

The monster roared and swung its claw. Taesan moved his body.

[You activated "Mind Acceleration".]

The claw narrowly passed by Taesan's surroundings.
But it was not successful in evading.

[You took 123 damage.]

The damage was accumulating solely from the attack's aftermath.

"This won't do."

It was impossible to wait for the potential collapse. Before that, the possibility of Taesan's death was high.

Taesan made a decision. Let's try to attack.

Taesan rushed.

[You activated acceleration.]

The monster met Taesan with its claws. The claws that filled the entire room came crashing down on Taesan with a rough sound.

Kwajik.

Taesan stomped on the ground.

Taesan jumped into the air to dodge the claws.

[Uooh!]

The monster pulled its arm back. The claws that had been flying towards Taesan's back flew towards it again.

Taesan stomped on the ground again in mid-air.

[You activated air jump.]

The body that had dodged the claws in mid-air dodged them again.

The monster raised its head. A dark aura transformed into a sword and attacked Taesan.

[You activated landing.]

The body was forced to land on the ground. The dark sword struck the wall.

But the distance to the monster was still considerable.

"Is this far enough?"

Taesan eventually retreated.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

Wooooo!

The monster swung its claws again.

Just as the claws were about to reach, Tai Shan activated his skill.

[You have randomly activated a blink.]

Tai Shan's body moved back to its previous position before it was hit, and he stamped his foot on the ground. Then, he stepped back and waited for the monster's attack, preparing to blink again.

The plan was successful.

Tai Shan thrust his sword into the monster's body.

[Dealt 102 damage to the apostle.]

Tai Shan's eyes were shaking.

Although the apostle's transformation was complete, the monster had lost its apostle's level due to the fall, and it was unable to block the damage.

However, despite using all the skills to increase attack power, such as "ou", "add", "accelerate", and "strengthen", the damage was still dealt.

It meant that the monster's defense was ridiculously high.

Wooooo!

The monster roughly moved its body. This was a disaster for Tai Shan, who was close to it.

The monster roughly swung its sword and stepped back. However, it was unable to perfectly dodge the swung claws.

Kuuuuung!

"Ah, no!"

Note: The text appears to be a scene from a game or animation, and the translation is based on my understanding of the context and the actions described.
Here is the translation of the text:

The Taesan collided with the wall of the labyrinth, his shoulder against the boulder.

[You take 3012 damage.] [What's going on...?]

The ghost was shocked. Taesan gritted his teeth and regained his composure, then dodged the next attack.

The monster was relentless, using up all its potions and charging forward.

Taesan focused his mind.

* * *

Taesan tried his best to dodge the attacks and seize the opportunity for a counterattack.

However, the situation was desperate.

Even if he managed to dodge the attacks, the damage would just accumulate, and even if he managed to attack successfully, he wouldn't be able to inflict significant damage on the monster.

The ghost watched anxiously.

"This...?"

No matter how hard he thought, he couldn't come up with a solution. The monster was slowly collapsing, but its pace was slow compared to Taesan's physical exhaustion.

The ghost began to lose hope and started looking for a way to save Taesan's soul.

But Taesan did not give up.

He had experienced defeat in this desperate situation many times before.

He had even fought against a B-grade monster alone before clearing the labyrinth.

Although everyone thought it was impossible to win, he had won in the end.
Here is the translation of the text:

Even when facing S-grade opponents, who seemed to have no chance of winning, he did not give up and won again.

He overcame all despair and hopelessness and came here.

If he had given up at this point, he would not have made it this far.

"'The more you're intimidated, the more you need to be calm.'"

Tae-san knew from his past experiences that if he was flustered in this situation, it would be the end.

Tae-san calmed down his heart. He stopped his trembling head and began to focus one by one.

First, let's get some information about the opponent.

"'Martial arts won't work.'"

The opponent is so strong that even a single blow can't be withstood. Counterattacks or consecutive attacks are impossible.

"'Defense nullification doesn't exist.'"

However, there is a way to endure. He can withstand a single attack.

"'Damage is... quite minimal.'"

It's not bad.

Once the damage is dealt, it means he can kill. He did the same thing in his past life against S-grade opponents.

He gradually pieced together the way to victory, step by step.

"'So then, first.'"

What should he do first?

He didn't think for long. Tae-san twisted his body to dodge the opponent's attack with his quick fingers.

Kuung!

[You take 105 damage.]
Here is the translation of the text:

Despite having perfectly dodged, he was still receiving damage due to the aftershock.

"The perfect evasion."

As for the saint's physical strength, it was unknown, but he was not someone who could be defeated so easily in a short period of time. To win in a long-term battle, he had to avoid taking damage first.

[Woah!]

The monster's arm rose.

The saint focused his mind.

He observed the trajectory of the claw and read the direction of the swing, thereby grasping the scope of the aftershock.

The saint stomped his foot.

Kwaang!

The claw struck the ground, and the aftershock affected the saint.

[You have taken 88 damage.]

The damage slightly decreased.

The saint was not satisfied.

To win, he had to achieve perfect evasion.

[Woah woah woah!]

He focused even more intensely, observing the monster's movements and the direction of its strength.

He saw the arm swinging like a whirlwind and stomped on the ground.

[You have activated the aerial jump.]

He soared up to the ceiling and immediately activated the landing, landing on the ground.

Kuung!

The claw struck the ceiling, and the wall crumbled, with debris falling like powder.

[You have taken 54 damage.] [Your skill level has increased by 1%.] [Huh?]
Here is the translation of the text:

The ghost realized that the damage was gradually decreasing.

During the ghost's realization, Tai Shan had been concentrating all his mental energy.

He observed the fluctuations in the power's movement.

He grasped the trajectory of the swirling claws.

And read the range of the shockwave that was about to burst out.

Ka-ka-ka!

[You took 28 damage.] [The proficiency of ??? increased by 1%.]

The information about the proficiency increase or the damage reduction was not able to enter Tai Shan's mind.

He was simply concentrating. Attacking.

Woo-woo-woo!

[You took 9 damage.] [The proficiency of ??? increased by 1%.]

The damage had decreased to a single digit. The ghost couldn't bear it and shouted in anger.

[Good!]

The voice was loud, but Tai Shan didn't hear it.

He was concentrating so hard that he didn't even notice the proficiency increase.

However, he had a premonition.

The monster's movement became more discernible.

No, it was more accurate to say that he sensed what had happened before.

He could feel the monster's intentions.

[Woah!]
Here is the translation of the text:

The monster let out a loud roar.

Before the monster's arm could even move properly, Tae-san kicked its leg first.

Kuuh!

The whirled arm hit Tae-san from a completely different direction. This time, it was a perfect avoidance without any damage.

"Good."

Tae-san smiled slightly.

The first condition was cleared.

Then it was time to fulfill the next condition.

Tae-san gradually shortened the interval between dodges. After adjusting his movement slowly, he finally dodged the monster's arm by just one inch.

Tae-san, who had dodged the attack, stabbed the monster's arm with his sword.

[86 damage to the apostle who had abandoned his duty.] [Woo!]

The monster shook its arm. Tae-san, who had anticipated this, was already out of the attack's range.

Kuuh!

Tae-san continued to dodge and attack.

It was a thrilling game of cat and mouse, where one misstep or miscalculation could mean losing one's life.

Tae-san was used to this. His battles had always been like this, so he always focused on his movements.

[Wooo!
Here is the translation of the text:

It was unclear whether the accumulated damage was the reason or the passage of time, but the monster's collapse was accelerating before Tai Shan fell, unlike what was expected.

And Tai Shan could see it.

He could see the dark aura fluctuating from the monster's head.

And he felt it. He could sense that aura was suppressing the monster's collapse.

He found the answer to win.

However, there was a problem. How to approach the monster.

The monster seemed to have sensed its crisis and was swinging its body more violently and strongly. It was impossible to approach, let alone avoid its attack.

Tai Shan took a deep breath.

He gathered the remaining strength in his body and charged forward.

[You have activated acceleration.] [Wooooh!]

The monster swung its arm wildly. The speed was even faster than before. It was like a whip that filled the room.

And Tai Shan dodged it all.

He twisted his arm and bent his body and slammed into the ground.

[Wooooh!]

The monster brought its two claws together.

It was an unstoppable speed.

And there was no need to dodge.

He had left a mark on the monster at the spot where he attacked it previously.

[You have activated random blinking.]
Here is the translation of the text:

The physical form of Tae-san moved to the front of the monster's face.

Tae-san drew his sword, but the monster did not calmly watch.

[Uuuuh!]

A jet-black blade emerged from the monster's entire body. Hundreds of blades simultaneously targeted Tae-san.

And Tae-san avoided them all.

It was as if he had predicted the future, allowing not even a slight scratch.

The ghost took a breath and Tae-san plunged his sword into the monster's core.

[Oooo!]

The monster's entire body shook. Its entire body suddenly distorted, and the jet-black aura began to scatter wildly.

However, the monster did not disappear easily.

It clawed at Tae-san's body with both hands.

Tae-san did not flinch.

[You take 8975 damage. Your Endurance has been activated. An attack that would lead to death has been nullified. All damage for 1 second is 0.]

Tae-san strengthened his legs.

The monster's core swallowed Tae-san's sword.

[Oh, oh... ...]

The monster froze. Soon, the jet-black aura exploded and scattered in all directions.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Your level has risen.] [Your level has risen.] [Your level has risen.] [Your level has risen.] [You have won against an opponent who was deemed impossible to defeat. Your permanent stats have increased to 1000 HP, 300 MP, 120 strength, 100 agility, and 90 intelligence.] [Your ascension has been triggered. Your permanent stats have increased to 1200 HP, 200 MP, 140 strength, 130 agility, and 74 intelligence.] [Your ascension has been triggered. ???'s proficiency has increased by 6%. Holy power proficiency has increased by 5%. The grade of the sacred text "Lakirata" has risen by one level.] [Your ascension has been triggered. You have acquired the special skill "Ascension Fall".] [The special skill "Ascension Fall" has changed due to ascension. You have learned the special skill "Ascension Transformation".] [You have obtained the source of the divine.]