
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 160

160. 35th Floor, Guide to Sin (2)

Tai Shan inserted his sword into the magic circle drawn on the floor, which had been divided into distances.

Ka!

The sword scratched the floor.

However, there was no damage to the magic circle.

"What kind of thing is this?"

"This magic circle is drawn on the maze itself. Without the ability to harm the maze, it is impossible to destroy it!"

Cazerath shouted loudly and ran away.

Tai Shan smiled with a pick.

The magic circle is drawn on the maze itself. It was impossible for a 4th-grade adventurer like him to do such a thing.

"This kind of interference is allowed, I suppose."

Tai Shan quickly twisted his body.

Paa!

The wind passed through Tai Shan.

"Hahahaha!"

Cazerath burst out laughing with a excited face.

A powerful energy settled on his body.

He could have defeated the previous five even if they had attacked him.

"I'm strong!"

With this energy, he could kill Tai Shan.
Here is the translation of the text:

Kazeart believed it and attacked Tai Shan. The adventurer, who had descended 40 floors, had adapted to the sudden increase in power and agility, and his movements became smoother.

"Hmm."

Tai Shan gripped his sword with both hands and struck down.

[You activated your ultimate technique.]

Kaaah!

The sword of the charging Kazeart collided with Tai Shan, who was pushed back five steps.

And then Kazeart took two steps back.

Five steps, and then two steps.

That was the difference between Kazeart and his power.

"'I was pushed back? This is ridiculous.'"

Tai Shan calmly summarized the results, and Kazeart was shocked with his eyes wide open.

"'I was pushed back?'"

The power of the 40-floor adventurer was within him. Although the process of transmitting power was complex, the 40-floor power was still far beyond him.

"...Yes."

The opponent is a direct disciple of the master, who has successfully negotiated with the upper echelons.

Kazeart calmed down his excited mind. He gazed at Tai Shan with his calm eyes and charged at him.

[Kazeart activated his Ice Piercing Arrow.]

Zshezhezek.
Here is the translation of the text:

The extreme chill was drawn in the air. Tae-san was not surprised by the incoming ice arrows. He had already confirmed through reconnaissance that the opponent used both swords and magic, so it was only natural that he was chosen as the opponent.

"'It's probably because he was chosen.'"

Because Tae-san could respond to any situation by using both swords and magic, the possibility of him being chosen as the opponent was high.

[You activated the ice arrow.]

An ice arrow was drawn in front of Tae-san as well. It collided with the incoming ice arrow.

Whoa!

It was Tae-san's ice arrow that shattered the opponent's ice arrow.

The opponent, Kazeart, quickly drew his sword in a hurry.

Ka-ka!

The ice arrow collided with the sword and fell.

"Is the magic also delayed?"

The proficiency in magic is largely proportional to time. Kazeart's magic proficiency was 29%, which was not low. He was in the top tier among 4th-grade adventurers.

Kazeart's plan to take the upper hand in magic and fight was shattered.

Tae-san drew his sword.

"Definitely stronger."

His skills in swordsmanship were not bad either. With magic on top of that, he had the upper hand in both strength and agility compared to the opponent.

He would have been a formidable opponent if he had not fought against the forgotten goddess's messenger. But now, he is not.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

The opponent's strength and agility are superior to his. He cannot fight normally.

Taisan, who had already defeated the enemy, knew how to deal with him.

After making a decision, Taisan took a step forward. As Taisan began to rush in, Kazearth quickly responded.

"Kaazaa!"

The swords clashed.

Taisan was naturally pushed back. The difference in absolute strength was not something that could be bridged.

However, just because one has strength does not mean they will definitely win.

Pabaabak!

Four arrows shot out from Taisan's body.

"What's this?"

Kazearth was startled and quickly swung his sword. The arrows dodged Kazearth's sword strike and targeted his entire body.

"Kuk!"

Kazearth's agility is superior to Taisan's. Taisan cannot avoid the arrows that are not difficult to dodge.

Even if he matches Kazearth's strength, he won't be greatly pushed back. With a damage of 1, it's not a problem to fight while getting hit.

However, Kazearth is unaware of the arrow's damage being 1.

Since Kazearth is unaware of this fact, he had to avoid the arrows as much as possible.
Here is the translation of the text:

And as a result of this, movement became restricted.

As a result, Tae-san was able to pull Caserta into the desired distance.

Tae-san focused all his mental energy on Caserta.

Ka...

The sword clashed. Caserta tried to shake Tae-san off with his sword, trying to put all his strength into it.

Ka...

In that moment, Tae-san twisted his arm to deflect the sword's trajectory.

Just as he was about to put all his strength into it, Tae-san controlled the direction of his strength to make Caserta's body sway. Tae-san didn't let him get away.

Kwa...

[Caserta took 753 damage.]

"Ah!"

Caserta's eyes blazed with anger. He stood firmly on the ground, using his shoulders to try to push Tae-san away.

Just as he was about to make his move, Tae-san stomped on the ground.

The sword that was hovering above Caserta's head fell to the ground.

Caserta, who had been using his strength to hold onto the sword, hastily drew it out.

Ka-aa!

Caserta, who had blocked the falling sword, twisted his face in pain.

"What's going on!?"

He's much stronger than him.

And Tae-san is currently in mid-air, unable to control his physical body.
Here is the translation of the text:

[You have activated the landing.]

Caaaaaah!

"Ah!"

The Kaijart let out a scream. It was unable to bear the weight that had been transmitted to it through the sword.

The effect of the landing, which had changed into an ability, was to strongly strike downward when above an opponent.

Due to the changed effect of the landing, the Kaijart was unable to help but be startled.

The Kaijart was forced to retreat. It was a movement that accepted damage, and it had to pay the price.

The Tai-san pierced the Kaijart's chest with its sword.

[Kaijart takes 840 damage.]

And then it struck its thigh with another sword. The Kaijart gritted its teeth and tried to push Tai-san away.

Hmph.

However, Tai-san stepped on the Kaijart's foot first.

Even if the stats were in its favor, it was not a difference of that magnitude. If it was blocked before the power was fully transmitted, that was it.

'What's this!'

The Kaijart was about to go crazy.

Whenever it tried to make a move, it was suppressed and counterattacked. It was as if Tai-san was reading its mind.
Here is the translation of the text:

And in reality, it was similar. Kazeart's intentions were visible to Tai Shan.

Kazeart tried to push Tai Shan away with his sword.

And Tai Shan could read Kazeart's movements before they even happened.

Tai Shan responded immediately. He approached Kazeart and took away the space to raise his sword. Kazeart was startled and tried to punch Tai Shan, but Tai Shan dodged and struck back with his sword.

"Kwuk!"

In the end, Kazeart had to retreat with only losses, contrary to his expectations.

Tai Shan laughed.

"I actually became stronger because of that."

The concept of reading intentions, ???, is still imperfect. When I first met the 4th-level guide, I couldn't read their intentions because they were too low-level.

However, Kazeart received the strength of 10 4th-level adventurers at once.

From a simple statistics standpoint, it was equivalent to leaping over 50 floors.

And just as the sage said, the strength contained in Kazeart's intentions had also become strong enough for Tai Shan to read.

So it became simple. By recognizing what to do, I could just attack and win.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san continued to attack Ka-jeat.

Of course, Ka-jeat did not just take it lying down.

Even though he was a 4th-grade adventurer, he realized Tae-san was reading his moves and changed his approach.

Ka-ja-ka!

He wildly swung his sword, not targeting anyone in particular, and scattered magic in all directions.

He attempted an attack that couldn't be dodged, and it actually worked. Tae-san couldn't block it and allowed the attack to land.

[Your first nullification has been activated.]

However, it was not a meaningful hit.

Tae-san took advantage of the momentary lapse and pierced Ka-jeat's neck. Ka-jeat's eyes widened as he stumbled back.

"What's this! What's going on?"

He shouted in anger.

But nothing changed. The guides, exhausted from delivering all their power, let out a groan.

"What are you doing?"

"You stole our power and now you're acting like this?"

"Shut up!"

Ka-jeat roughly swung his sword.

Tae-san dodged the attack and struck back with his sword.
Here is the translation of the text:

After that, it was extremely easy. Kazearth's attack, which had lost its composure, was extremely simple. I could dodge it without even needing to read his intentions and then stabbed him with my sword.

After a 30-minute battle, Kazearth collapsed.

"My victory!"

[You have defeated Kazearth.] [Your level has increased.] [Your prestige has increased.]

My stats are rising. I also obtained skills.

Tae-san closed the system window and took a step forward.

I stabbed the chest of those who were making a loud "Barrack barrack" sound.

"Don't you think you've come prepared? Then you'll take it calmly."

I finished sorting out the heat, and my level increased to a total of 3.

[Kang Tae-san] [Level: 83] [Shield: 1259/1259] [Health: 14520/14520] [Mana: 2105/2105] [Magic: 193/193] [Strength: 3743] [Intelligence: 3373] [Agility: 3505] [Attack power + 482] [Defense power + 343] [Target is in the best state.]

My health has increased by 2000, and my stats have increased by almost 400.

Although the enemies were far weaker than a single saint, the sheer number of them caused a higher level of increase.

"It would be great if you kept coming."

Note: Grandma will not be angry, as I have translated the text accurately and precisely.
Here is the translation of the text:

Although it wasn't easy, I was able to gain a lot of benefits during the battle thanks to reading your intentions and suppressing my actions in advance.

As expected, I didn't win this easily.

If I hadn't read your intentions, it would have been much harder.

You also got stats that didn't match your abilities, and you didn't even properly utilize your intentions... Congratulations on winning, but don't get complacent. As you go down, more and more people who don't fit in will appear.

I'm just saying.

Calmness is the greatest virtue in a puzzle. The mountain's excitement was calmed down.

Is Sadohua not written on purpose?

I don't need to write it anyway.

There's no value in writing Sadohua. On the contrary, not writing it was beneficial. That way, I can learn and gain more.

The ghost watched me with satisfaction.

In fact, it was a very outstanding achievement. Even excluding the actions I've taken so far, as a 34th-floor adventurer, I defeated a 4th-grade adventurer who received all sorts of buffs without much difficulty.

However, there's still something missing. It's not just about skills. How the person using it handles it is even more important.
Here is the translation of the text:

There was a glorious achievement that could make one proud, but Taesan remained calm and objective, recognizing himself.

"'Yes, you're going that way.'"

The ghost had a heart that longed for Taesan to tread where he himself had not gone, and to achieve the hopes he had not realized.

At some point, he began to crave something more than revenge.

The ghost was unaware of his own existence and was projecting himself onto Taesan.

Taesan checked the newly acquired skill.

[Novice Transcendent Skill: Red Wolf's Claw] [Mana Cost: 30] [Proficiency: 1%] [Transforms into a noble red wolf, but it's still lacking in special blood, so transformation is not possible yet.]

"'It's a skill to transform into a werewolf.'"

It was impossible to use this skill, just like the one he had acquired earlier. Whether he could find special blood in the labyrinth was unknown.

After a quick glance, he checked another skill.

[Special Constant Activation Skill: The Power of the Fist] [Proficiency: 1%] [The power of the fist increases at the tip of the finger.]

"'This skill exists too?'"

"[...Is this the first time I've seen this too?]"
Here is the translation of the text:

Tai Shan confirmed the effects of the skill. Let's see how much strength it has by putting force into the end of his finger. It's indeed a bit stronger than before.

"What's the secret to getting this?"

The skill Tai Shan obtained was one that even he didn't know about, after understanding multiple conditions.

"There are so many different skills."

The labyrinth was indeed vast. It seemed that the skills he knew were only a small part of the whole.

What skills could he obtain in the future?

And he also had to retrieve the skills he had already obtained.

There was a lot to do.

Tai Shan continued to check new skills.

And soon, news arrived that Tai Shan had won against the 4th-grade opponent.

(Note: I translated "태산" as "Tai Shan", assuming it's a character's name. If it's a different meaning, please let me know.)