
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 161

161. Pursuing the mysterious truth on the 36th floor (1)

"It's a defeat."

In the dark corridor.

The jewels that were in front of the people who had gathered in the darkness were all broken.

The fact that the jewels, which were connected to someone's life, were broken meant that someone's death was imminent.

The woman-shaped flames formed a scowl on her beautiful face.

"How did it happen? Calred."

"What are you talking about?"

A loud, crackling voice echoed. An old man with a scowl on his face, holding a wooden cane, struck the floor again.

"Are you trying to pass the buck to me?"

"Was your magic really activated?"

"It's clear it was activated. I can't avoid it with my eyes."

The old man struck the floor again with his cane. An unpleasant sound spread throughout the room.

"It's just that he was stronger than that."

"Even though I'm at the bottom, I received the power of 14 top-notch adventurers. But I lost? Why?"

"Don't bother me with that. It's true, so what?"

The old man's face contorted in displeasure.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The strong one is here. The magic has been activated, but it won't last long."

"Hmm."

They let out a sigh and thought to themselves. Could they, who had received the power of a 4th-grade adventurer, win against an opponent who had received the power of a 35th-floor adventurer?

It was hard to give a simple answer.

They had overcome numerous obstacles and contradictions to reach the depths, but they couldn't give a definitive answer.

The Lion King opened his mouth.

"It's difficult."

The 4th-grade adventurer had perished. And the Mountain of God was the 35th floor.

It meant that they could descend to the 40th floor without any hindrance.

"What's the method? Calred."

"There is none."

The old man gave a straightforward answer. The Lion King narrowed his eyes.

"Really?"

"There isn't one, so I'm saying that."

The old man brandished his cane with a mixture of irritation and anger.

"This is also a trick. It's a magic circle done with the permission of the gods."

The gods had only allowed a tiny amount of interference. It was impossible for a normal 4th-grade adventurer to completely stop the Mountain of God, so that's why.

However, there was still a limit. The magic circle the old man had spread out on the 35th floor was just within the limit.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Can't you find a way to escape the gaze of the Lord of the Gods? It's a novel way to commit suicide, isn't it?"

The old man let out a sigh, and the Lion King remained silent.

No matter how much the Lord of the Gods interfered, there was something that couldn't be done. And deceiving the Lord of the Gods was one of them.

"I'm in a very difficult situation."

"If we had watched the battle, we would have gained a lot, but......"

The spirit of the tomb whispered sadly. They didn't watch the battle between the Lord of the Gods and the 4th-ranked warrior.

"It's impossible since the Lord of the Gods didn't allow it."

The reason was the Lord of the Gods. The Lord of the Gods allowed their interference, but didn't allow them to watch the battle. Therefore, they didn't know how the battle was fought or how it ended.

That was a very good thing for the Lord of the Gods.

The Lord of the Gods' battle style was characterized by taking advantage of the opponent's lack of information.

Disabling attacks, ability sword, and numerous spells and skills.

They were all things that the opponent couldn't predict, causing them to be confused and unable to respond.
Here is the translation of the text:

If the high-ranking officials had watched and analyzed the battle of Tai Shan, they would have been able to obtain approximate information. They would have surely noticed the invalidation of attacks and the suppression of abilities.

Although Tai Shan did not know, the demon god had helped him in a way that was no different from a great help.

"'Is this a justifiable way to receive the demon god's permission?'"

The Lion King tapped his fingers on the table with his finger. The answer did not come easily.

The Holy King opened his mouth.

"Shall we summon him?"

"Who?"

"The demon god's child who is descending here right now."

The Lion King realized who the Holy King was talking about.

Unlike others, it was not blocked by hierarchy, but the demon god had given them permission to see the possibilities and even allowed them to make a deep strategy. Quanede.

He had already broken through 50 floors and was descending, relying on the expectations of his companions. And he expected to become one of them.

"Then it's possible."

This demon god had been given permission to descend. He had a power that was incomparable to the guides of the same floor.

"Will the demon god permit it?"

"The demon god always wants to test mortals and is unlikely to refuse a direct request from its child."
Here is the translation of the text:

They began to gather opinions by sending out Quanede. Ambresia, who had been quietly listening, opened her mouth to look at the scene.

"You should know this. If Quanede fails, there will be no more ways to use our hands."

They fell silent.

It was as Ambresia had said. Quanede was incredibly strong, having received permission to go deep. And when you defeat a strong person, you can gain a lot.

If Mount Tai could defeat Quanede and gain even stronger abilities and new powers, it could possibly become unstoppable.

"It's the same for the other side. If Quanede wins, it will also become stronger. We'll be able to descend to where we are quickly."

"It's a... 50/50 chance."

Since they didn't fully understand Mount Tai's strength, they couldn't make a decision easily. In the silent corridor, someone opened their mouth.

"I've made up my mind."

It was the first time a man had spoken.

When he spoke, everyone focused their attention on him, as if they were facing the most outstanding person.

"Ambresia."

"Me again? I'm just a messenger, after all."

Ambresia grumbled. The man said carelessly.

"Summon Quanede here."
Here is the translation of the text:

"Clang! 

The red-armored knight is riding towards us.

Tae-san raises his hand.

[You have activated the distorted barrier.]

The space around Tae-san has become distorted. The knight lowers his sword and is repelled back.

The knight continues to hit the space behind him. Although a golden glow is starting to appear in the space, it lasted for a while.

"It's not bad."

Tae-san has defeated the knight and confirmed his magic.

[Basic Magic: Distorted Barrier] [Mana consumption: 50] [Proficiency: 1%] [Creates a distortion in the space around the user to block attacks. It can only block attacks of a certain level or lower.]

This is another skill obtained by processing guideposts. Although there are limitations, the result of experiments showed that it can block attacks from 35-floor monsters without a problem. With my current proficiency, I think I can use it up to the 40th floor without a problem.

After confirmation, Tae-san continues on.

Tae-san defeats the meeting knight, enters the secret room to obtain a reward, and heads towards the boss."
Here is the translation of the text:

The boss was still not defeated. The knight, wearing armor, was faster and stronger than other monsters, but that was all. He could not withstand even a brief attack from Tai Shan and fell to the ground.

"It's too easy."

[It can't be difficult.]

Now, the problem was no longer the floor. It was possible to clear the last floor of the 4th level without any difficulty in this state.

It was no longer necessary to challenge Tai Shan with a divine trial or a guide. However, something was missing.

"Getting it easy is good, but..."

I was sad that it was too easy. This meant that it would be difficult to receive a normal reward.

"I'd like to learn some new magic soon."

I wanted to see something new.

[The guide won't interfere for a while, I think. At least, there won't be any problems until the 40th floor.]

"Probably so."

It would be impossible for one or two people to defeat Tai Shan. Therefore, I would use all my strength when I am qualified to do so. The ghost thought so, and Tai Shan agreed.

Tai Shan confirmed the clear reward. First, it was the secret reward.
Here is the translation of the text:

[The Ring of Deep Scars] [Attack Power + 20] [A ring with a deep scar that has been carved into it. The spirit of the one who carved the scar is imbued in it, cursing all approaching things.]

The attack power was quite decent.

In fact, it was a piece of equipment that exceeded the decent level, but it didn't seem particularly impressive to Tai-san.

And then, the reward for clearing the floor.

[The Helmet of Madness] [Strength + 30] [Defense + 50] [Movement Speed + 4%] [A helmet that was bestowed upon its wearer by the god of madness. It once caused chaos across the continent. Now, the madness has almost disappeared.] [When madness takes over, damage increases.]

High strength and defense. With the helmet, it was easy to get. Tai-san still uses the helmet he obtained from Deathnight, so its value is high.

[??? was used.] [I obtained the armor of hatred.] [The Armor of Hatred] [Strength + 50] [Defense + 80] [The armor that was bestowed upon its wearer by the god of hatred. Anyone who wears it will receive the hatred of all and die. Now, the hatred has almost disappeared.] [When hatred takes over, damage increases.]

"It's been a long time since I've changed my armor."

Thanks to changing my armor for the first time in a long time, my defense has greatly increased.
Here is the translation of the text:

"There was one more thing that hadn't been thought of."

"[You are wearing armor infused with hatred and a helmet infused with madness at the same time. In addition, your strength increases by 20 and agility by 20. When you are affected by hatred and madness, '[Emotional Overload]' will activate.]

"Set effect?"

The eyes of Mount Tai flashed.

It was the same as the equipment that could be worn together to receive additional effects that I had seen at the shop before.

This time, Mount Tai had also obtained something like that.

"Will this equipment become less frequent as it is worn?"

[Rarely, two or more equipment will appear, but it is limited, and the restriction is severe, but the effect is good.]

"Is there another set effect?"

Mount Tai went down the floor, filled with expectations.

[Start of 36th floor quest.] [Defeat the boss of the 36th floor and pass through.] [Reward: A wristband containing fragments of a nucleus] [Secret reward: ???]

The monsters of the 36th floor were the same as before.

If the 35th floor was red, this time it was blue.

"The battlefield of the gods comes to mind."

Even there, the blue armor and red armor were fighting.

Mount Tai murmured to himself and moved forward.
Here is the translation of the text:

As before, there were no significant obstacles, and soon I was able to find the altar.

[You have discovered the remains of a mysterious being that pursued the unknown.]

[Initial discovery bonus] [Mana + 50]

I gained 50 mana. It was a decent reward.

The remains were different from the altars of the gods. If the altar had a single structure, this time the entire room seemed to have become one structure, as if transformed into a mysterious shape.

The room's appearance was not very good.

The walls were covered with pinkish sticky substances that crawled and wriggled, and the floor was like a swamp.

And I could feel the power's energy was different.

The power of the gods was felt in a different way, but it was all clear. It seemed that there was an absolute will that did not allow anything else, as if there was a domain that was being managed.

However, there was no such feeling here.

Instead, I only felt a greedy aura that wanted to devour everything and make it its own.

[The mysterious being that pursued the unknown. Immortal one.]

"Immortal one?"

[As I mentioned before, the transcendental beings are said to have a domain that is managed by existences that are responsible for their own domains, and those that are not.]

"Were you said?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"It was too long ago for me to remember it well. I said it with a smile, accompanied by a ghostly laugh.

[We weren't close friends at the time, so it's only natural that I wouldn't think about receiving a new quest and coming here together.]

The ghost was originally an NPC who would complete a quest by capturing a shaman on the 10th floor and then part ways. So, it was only natural that I wouldn't think about receiving a new quest and coming here together.

[And to meet the immortals, I would have to go down quite deeply, so I didn't think we would meet again for a while. And here I am now.]

"What's the difference?"

The ghost spoke with a nostalgic tone, and Tai Shan asked.

[What common point did you have with the gods you've met so far?]

"There was a domain each of us governed."

The god of strife and death, Lakyra, the god of victory, Valtazar, and the god of choice, Maria. Each had their own domain.

[The transcendent one is something that even mortals can't reach. It's a rare and difficult-to-attain place, and those who have reached it all possess the skills they have accumulated.]

Those who have become transcendent all possess extraordinary abilities."
Here is the translation of the text:

However, what was needed to ascend to the position of God was not just talent alone.

[You can understand this by looking at the gods you've met so far.]

Tai Shan recalled something.

The God of Victory wanted to win, the God of Choice wanted to win against the opposite result of his choice, and the God of Struggle and Death wanted to struggle.

The God of the Sword wanted to prove himself to himself through a fight, and the God of Proof wanted to prove himself through a fight against himself.

Everyone asked Tai Shan for achievements in their respective domains.

Tai Shan realized.

"Is that the way to make them gods?"

[Yes. From the beginning, I built up my strength, surpassing the level of mere mortals, and became a being that governs the domain itself. That's what a god is. But... immortals are different. They are not gods.]

The ghostly being explained calmly.

[The power to transcend is possessed, but the level is not sufficient. Since I couldn't accumulate it, I didn't receive the domain, and therefore, I couldn't reach the position of the transcendental being. That's what an immortal is.]