
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 163

163. Pursuing a mysterious and twisted truth on the 36th floor (3)

[It's getting more and more complicated.]

The ghost spat out its tongue.

The difficulty level increased in the middle of the trial.

It wasn't the first time he had experienced this. Even Lakiaras was the same.

As he thought about it, he couldn't help but laugh. It was as if he had done something worthy of a god, but it was actually just a joke.

"But I've received a lot, but I'm still a fool."

Tae-san muttered to himself and went to find the next monster.

The transcendent power he felt from the knight he met next was even stronger and more profound. The knight wielded his sword with his twisted arm.

Tae-san blocked the attack and countered with his sword, striking it into the armor.

Thud!

At the moment Tae-san's sword struck the armor, it flew out.

Tae-san quickly created distance and adjusted his stance.

"Is it really going to ignore physical attacks now?"

It's definitely different from the gods. The trial may be called a test, but it's not to test Tae-san like the gods do, but he really wants to kill him.

A sense of murderous intent towards Tae-san was felt from the massive aura swirling around the floor.
Here is the translation of the text:

"What's with the physical attack's immunity? Even an immortal like you would have to spend a considerable amount of power to withstand this, right? Are you going to kill me like this?"

"You didn't have any problems, did you?"

Tai Shan dodged the article and asked.

"I was just doing fine. I felt a bit annoyed, but I wasn't going to kill you like this. But you seem different."

"Is it because of magic?"

Tai Shan had already received permission from the god of magic for a mid-level spell.

As a seeker of mystery, he seemed to want to cut off the roots, no matter how much power he had to spend.

"But this isn't enough."

Snap.

Several ice arrows appear around Tai Shan, and they rush towards the article.

Ka-ka-ka!

The article swings its sword to deflect the arrows, while Tai Shan raises his finger.

"You have activated Mephisto's sword."

Kururun!

The dark lightning strikes the article's body, piercing it. Mephisto's sword has the power to momentarily stop the opponent's actions. The article's body, with several ice arrows stuck in it, trembles.
Here is the translation of the text:

"You have won against the blue knight who was blessed with twisted divine power. Your ascension has been triggered. Your magic resistance has increased by 2%."

"This hasn't happened in a long time."

I almost never meet enemies who use magic, and even if I do, I usually can't hit them back. So, this skill was meaningless.

But even so, I'm not unhappy that my resistance has increased incrementally.

At the same time that I defeated the blue knight, the atmosphere of the labyrinth changed.

This time, I felt joy.

It was as if I was waiting for the blue knight to collapse.

I think I have undergone a significant emotional change compared to before, and I continued to move forward.

* * *

The knights kept appearing. Since they were all immune to physical attacks, I had to use magic, dark magic, and divine skills.

But there was no problem for me. With these three, I could easily defeat monsters like this.

I defeated ten knights like that.

The joy-filled atmosphere gradually dissipated, and was replaced by dismay and negation.

"Was it beyond expectation?"

As I repeatedly cast lightning on the knights to suppress them, I muttered to myself.
Here is the translation of the text:

"What did you expect?"

[I thought my mana would run out, but it didn't.]

The ghost's words made Taesan realize why he was so emotional. His mana was the slowest to increase among his basic attributes. Even if he leveled up, the limit of his mana growth was predetermined, and without a special item, he had to put a lot of effort into using magic.

Even if we consider only Taesan's past life, he didn't have enough mana to use his skills properly.

If he were a normal adventurer, he would have exhausted all his mana soon.

But Taesan was different.

[You have triggered a lightning strike.]

Lightning bolts kept striking the knight. Although he used magic over 20 times, Taesan's mana did not change much. This was because of the stat-enhancing skill he received from the Victory God, which had already exceeded 2000.

Additionally, the mana consumption decrease effect of his intelligence stat and the mana recovery skill's influence meant that his mana was almost not consumed by low-level magic.
Here is the translation of the text:

As long as he clears the floor, he won't run out of mana. The immortal's wishes have not come true.

And Tai Shan has discovered another fact through this conversation.

Tai Shan's mana was extremely high. Thanks to various skills and high intelligence stats, it was almost impossible to consume it all.

However, the immortal was trying to kill Tai Shan by consuming his mana.

If he knew about Tai Shan, there would be no way to do it.

Kururin!

[You have won against the blue knight who received the blessing of twisted mysticism.] [Your level has risen.] [Your magic proficiency has increased by 1%.]

The knight can no longer withstand and falls. As Tai Shan looks at the regenerating knight, he says, "I don't know about myself."

If Tai Shan knew about the battles he had fought and what he had received, and how he had become stronger, he would not have faced this kind of trial. Instead, he would have found another way.

That is, the immortal does not truly understand Tai Shan. He doesn't know what Tai Shan has done, what he has obtained, and so on.
Here is the translation of the text:

The immortal was not equipped with the right aura or domain, and did not have a power close to that of the gods. He probably only knows a little bit from rumors, but didn't know the details.

"Is that so? It's not as good as I thought."

There was a significant difference between the immortal and the gods.

Taesan continued to advance, cleaning up the monsters. Each time, the momentum of the battle grew stronger and stronger.

Soon, Taesan arrived in front of the boss.

[A mystic with a twisted fate emerged, riding a clear blue horse.]

The knight's appearance was no longer worthy of being called a knight.

His armor was shriveled and twisted, and his helmet was grotesquely merged with his face, revealing a hideous visage. Only his sword retained its original form.

"Wooo!"

The knight let out a beast-like cry. At the same time, a storm surged forth, centered around the knight.

Taesan laughed mockingly.

"Are you using magic now?"

It wasn't just that.

From the twisted knight, Taesan could feel the fragments of a great aura.

That meant one thing.

The knight in front of him had become a disciple of the twisted fate, pursuing the twisted mystic's path.

Of course, he didn't have normal strength or aura, but he was definitely much stronger than the knights Taesan had met so far.

Even the ghost looked ridiculous and spat out its tongue.
Here is the translation of the text:

"What do you want to do to me, even to the point of killing me? How much do you want to kill me?"

"I don't care."

Seeing myself about to die in such a way, I suddenly felt a surge of determination.

[The opponent is someone who is hard to defeat.] [You have activated the "Killer of the Sages".] [The desire for battle has been activated.] [A fair fight has been activated.] [The proof of limits has been activated.] [You have activated the "Taunt of the Strong".] [The "Giant Killer" has been activated.] [You have activated the "Rakshasa" transformation.]

The power of the gods was bestowed upon Taesan.

And related information entered his mind.

Taesan knew that the immortal was a certain existence. He also knew the state of the enemy in front of him.

There was also interesting information, but what was most important now was winning against the enemy.

Taesan gripped his sword tightly and charged at the knight.

Ka-kaka!

The swords clashed and produced a loud noise. It was possible to match the rhythm because I had pulled up my spiritual energy as a sage.

"Woah!"
Here is the translation of the text:

The knight is crying out. At the same time, magic is manifesting. A storm is approaching, and the snowstorm is sweeping into the room.

As a disciple of the immortal who is pursuing the mysterious, he was using a more powerful magic than the Taesan.

However, it was of no concern to the Taesan.

The Taesan drew his sword and activated his skill.

[You have forced a one-on-one battle.]

Forced Battle: a skill that creates a one-on-one situation with the target. Initially, it was a meaningless skill, but it was different for the Taesan now.

As soon as the Forced Battle was activated, the storm and snowstorm that were approaching the Taesan suddenly began to disappear.

It was as if the Taesan was not allowing access to approach.

Kaka!

The Taesan, who had excluded magic, swung his sword.

Although he had become stronger, he was still a 30-floor boss monster. The problem was that he was immune to physical attacks and could use magic, but both the apostle's magic and the Forced Battle had invalidated these two abilities.

So, there was no problem. The Taesan continued to attack successfully using his ability sword. The knight swung his sword and resisted, but he could not match the Taesan's strength.
Here is the translation of the text:

[The article about the mysterious power that has been swallowed by the knight of the blue moon in 2028 has caused a great deal of damage.]

The battle was one-sided. Then, the knight's spirit was shaken by the sudden change.

The knight, who had been thinking about something, finally made a decision.

[The power of the knight who pursued the distorted mystery has decreased.] [The power of the knight who pursued the distorted mystery has manifested. The distortion of twisting has become even stronger.]

"It's late."

Snap.

The knight's heart, where the power was beginning to stir, was pierced. He then twisted the sword to make the wound deeper and buried it in the ground.

[Your ascension to a higher plane has been activated. Your vitality has permanently increased by 540, your strength by 132, your agility by 98, and your intelligence by 12. Your resistance to magic has increased by 2%. Your assassin's skills have increased by 1%. Your sword ability has increased by 1%. Your level has risen.]

The great power that had settled on the knight's physical body was replaced by a life force.

"Do it if you're going to do it, do it quickly."

Note: The text appears to be a scene from a role-playing game or a fantasy novel, and the translation is based on my understanding of the context and the characters involved.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san laughed. The judgment of the foolish monk who pursued a mysterious and twisted path was too late. He had probably spent too much of his own strength and was torn between wanting to kill Tae-san and his own strength.

In the end, he chose the latter, but by then, everything was already over.

A subtle aura crept in, quietly shaking things.

"It's not as bad as I thought."

The forced duel was also one of the skills changed by the ability sword.

[Special activation skill: Forced duel] [Mana consumption: 10] [Proficiency: 11%] [You can deal damage to the target for 10 seconds, excluding the target.][Condition: Advanced swordsmanship [Ability sword] If the opponent uses a sword, both parties cannot use anything except a sword.]

There was a penalty that Tae-san could not use anything except a sword under the condition that the opponent uses a sword, making it a troublesome skill.

So, I expected it to take some time to use it, but thanks to the opponent who appeared at the right time, I was able to deal with it smoothly.

Tae-san won the trial.

Now it was time to receive the reward, but the immortal one did not make any movement.

"Are you not going to give up?"
Here is the translation:

That's impossible. This is the law of the labyrinth. No matter how immortal, even if one is a god, once they've taken a seat in the labyrinth, they can't escape.

As soon as I felt confident that I could receive the reward without any problems, a sense of curiosity arose.

The gods gave the skills related to their domain to the one who had passed the trial of Tai Shan.

However, there was no domain for the immortal.

Tai Shan's doubts were quickly resolved.

[Compulsory settlement begins.] [You have obtained the reward of the secret room on the 36th floor [Matching Thunderbolt on the Pine Tree].] [You have obtained the clearing reward of the 36th floor [ fragments of nuclear fragments in the wristband].] [You have obtained the clearing reward of the 36th floor [???].] [The power of the twisted mystery of the little rabbit that has been pursuing it has appeared. Your vitality increases by 800, your mana by 200, and your attack power by 80.] [You have obtained the twisted staff of calamity.]