
Here is the translation of the text:

Episode 164

164. Forced Return (1)

"Is this what the settlement looks like?"

The monsters in the labyrinth and the structure of the floors had changed due to the immortal's powers. However, the floor itself was still a normal 36th floor, so it seemed like clearing it would reward all the prizes.

"It's not bad."

If I hadn't received any prizes, then it wouldn't be a problem since I cleared the prizes normally.

Tae-san checked the system window one by one.

"My level has increased more than expected."

The monsters on the 36th floor were originally not opponents for Tae-san, and even if he cleared it, he couldn't expect to grow. However, thanks to the trials of the immortal, his level had risen by 3 stages.

Tae-san started checking the clearance rewards of the 36th floor first.

A small spark jumped out of Tae-san's hand.

[A lightning bolt that hit a tree] [A lightning bolt that hit a tree took shape. If used on a projectile, it could bring about a significant change.]

"It's not a lightning-struck tree."

On the contrary, Tae-san took out an arrow and pondered how the item had come to be.
```
Here is the translation of the text:

"A lightning bolt that struck a pine tree was used to craft an arrow, and then it was given to me. Suddenly, the lightning bolt, accompanied by a crackling sound, swallowed the arrow whole."

"[A lightning arrow with self-awareness] [A self-moving arrow that moves to protect its owner. It has self-awareness and cannot move beyond a certain range.] [Current owner: Kang Tae-san] [User's level is lacking. Attack power: 1] [There is a lightning bolt that struck a pine tree, adding 50 to attack power.] [It inflicts an electric shock state on the hit enemy.]"

"'Oh wow?'"

50 points of attack power have been added. It was never a small number.

Additionally, a small amount of electric shock state has been added, increasing the value of the arrow.

Tae-san has a total of four arrows. Although they are useful, they deal very little damage and are not very helpful. They didn't even provide much help in the current battle against the enemies.

However, if I can get three more of these, they would be really useful.

"[A wristband containing fragments of a nucleus] [Attack power + 35] [Defense power + 60] [A wristband forged with a fragment of a nucleus from the depths of the planet] [Additional stats are obtained when fighting against a being related to nature.]"
Here is the translation of the text:

With high attack power and defense, additional effects were also added. Taesan was satisfied and confirmed the secret reward.

[He used it.] [He obtained the Gauntlet of Fierce Hand.] [The Gauntlet of Fierce Hand] [Attack power + 50] [He broke the gauntlet of the existence that crushed everything and made it into a part of himself. His power still remains.] [The mysterious power is sealed.]

"What's going on?"

The attack power was too low.

I thought it would be around 70 to 80, but it was only 50. There was only a 20-point difference from the gauntlet I obtained earlier.

"Is it because of this?"

[The mysterious power is sealed.]

If the seal is lifted, it seems that you can obtain additional abilities. Since there was no way to confirm it immediately, I prioritized and wore it for now.

My level also rose, and I got some usable equipment. The results exceeded my expectations.

And the reward from the immortal being.

Unlike what I received from the gods so far, it was only stats.

[Manifestation of the Knack of the Crooked God. Your vitality increases by 800, mana by 200, and attack power by 80.]

"It's simple."

Note: The text appears to be a fantasy novel or game scenario, and some terms may not be commonly used in everyday language.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It can't be helped. An immortal can't give up their power to someone else, so it's not possible to give them a fitting power. But it's not bad either, right?

With a strength of 800 and 200 mana, and an attack power of 80, even a simple calculation shows that adding one more weapon would increase the attack power to a level suitable for a warrior. Thinking about it that way, it's a valuable skill.

And the staff.

['Mala Twisted Staff of Disaster'] ['Magic + 40'] ['A staff that brought about the downfall of the world through one's own greed.'] ['When using this staff to kill an opponent who uses magic, the magic will increase by 1, but the attack power will decrease by 1 and the life force will decrease by 10.]

"It's an upgraded equipment."

The magic was a whopping 40 levels higher. If it increased by 1 every time it was used, it was possible to reach a number of hundreds under certain conditions.

It was clearly a good equipment. A mage would find it hard to find a better equipment than this. However, the penalty made it impossible to use.

"Is this the staff used by an immortal?"

The explanation was spot on.

Tai Shan had taken the staff. Although it couldn't be used immediately, it was too precious to throw away. I was thinking of finding a blacksmith and requesting a modification."
Here is the translation of the text:

The immortals are not beings who have transcended their existence. As such, there are many types of them, including those who want to kill you and those who have good intentions.

"It's stronger than gods."

Before leaving, Tai-san looked at the end of the floor.

Immortal.

A being who has not become a god.

And the difference is whether it has achieved a level commensurate with its power.

It was natural to think about which side he was on. Was he accumulating something until now, or not? It's what he was saying.

When Tai-san was about to leave, he stopped in his tracks.

"Ah."

Tai-san's foot froze.

A tremendous force was being felt towards him from the previous floor.

This force was calling out to Tai-san.

"Is it finally here?"

[Is it almost time? It seems to be happening quickly.]

The ghost murmured. Tai-san turned his foot back towards the direction where the force was felt and moved forward.

That place was a hidden room on the floor.

"Are you here?"

Lilith was waiting for Tai-san in that place.

* * *

Her aura was more refined than what I saw before. It didn't seem to have become stronger, but it was as if she had found a thread to take one step further.

"Her skills have improved, I see."
Here is the translation of the text:

"Thanks to that, I'll say it."

Lilis smiled slightly.

"You don't like hearing random stories, so I'll get straight to the point. The god of magic has summoned you."

Her eyes sparkled.

"It's about the intermediate magic, you know."

Tae-san nodded his head.

He had expected it. If the god of magic had summoned him, there was no other reason.

The ghost was still skeptical, letting out a sigh.

[It's too much... this guy is strong, but he can't receive intermediate magic yet.]

"Doesn't the god of magic think about something? He wouldn't do anything that would harm an adventurer, right?"

[But...]

"So, what should I do?"

Tae-san cut off his words. From his perspective, getting an unconditional pass to become strong without worrying about anything was the correct answer.

Lilis raised her hand in a calm tone.

"Sit facing the beads."

There were small beads arranged at a fixed angle where she pointed.

"If you close your eyes and pray, the god of magic will summon you."
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san sat in front of a bead. Relic was hesitating, then opened his mouth.

"Is it possible... to tell the god of magic that I have always been grateful to him?"

Tae-san nodded and closed his eyes.

'A prayer.'

He thought, but he had never made a genuine prayer before.

Even in the statue of the forgotten goddess, he had only held a prayer-like posture to obtain a skill, and the prayer towards the demon was also a skill that had an ending effect when triggered. It was the same in his previous life. He did not believe in God.

Why are we suffering like this? Why do we have to die like this? Such feelings had dominated him.

The more he saw people crying out to God as they died, the more his heart became firm.

And it was the same now.

He still did not believe in God.

However, he could still make a formal prayer.

Tae-san raised his hands. Relic swallowed his saliva.

Then, the space opened.

It was the moment when the abnormal space tried to engulf Tae-san.

[Start of special quest] [Return to Earth.] [The return is starting immediately.] [This quest cannot be refused.]
Here is the translation of the text:

The pupil of Tai Shan expanded.

His physical body was being forced to transfer. The strange space was fading away, and the appearance of the earth was beginning to appear.

"What's going on? At this timing?"

The ghost was startled. It was just about to meet the god of magic, but it was returning to earth instead, and it was an inexplicable event.

"Ha!"

Tai Shan's mouth fell open.

He knew that he couldn't stop the special quest that was proceeding after returning to earth.

"'I'll meet the god of magic later.'"

When the earth's space was about to swallow him up.

[Acknowledged.]

A cold, yet simultaneously angry, voice was heard.

[It's not like this at all. At the moment when I'm meeting you, you're doing something like this?]

A mocking laugh and the sound of the space heading towards earth closed.

The feeling in the air changed, and Tai Shan realized that it had changed.

He looked around and saw countless galaxies.

The scenery he had seen through the telescope at the observatory in his childhood was unfolding before him.

"Is this impressive?"

Tai Shan turned his gaze towards the direction where he heard the voice.
Here is the translation of the text:

There was a young man there. He had eyes that shone like stars, not just metaphorically, but really sparkled like stars. He stretched out his arms.

"It's beautiful."

It was really beautiful. The man smiled slightly.

"Thank you."

The man snapped his fingers. Suddenly, a leather chair appeared behind the mountain.

"It won't be too long, but let's sit down and talk for a bit."

The mountain's body trembled uneasily, as if a huge force was colliding with each other.

The man sat down in his chair. The mountain quietly leaned against the chair.

"Don't you already know this, but I'll introduce myself anyway?"

The man raised his hand, and the starlight remained in that place, then burst out like fireworks and scattered in all directions.

The mountain could feel it. The fireworks-like, resplendent light contained the power of the stars.

"I am the creator of the labyrinth's design from the beginning. I am the one who established the skill of magic in the labyrinth and created it. I am the god of magic."

The man smiled wryly.

"Magic god, Jerbrand."

* * *

This is the fourth time I've seen the god of the labyrinth in person.
Here is the translation of the text:

The first one was Maria, the goddess of choice. Her power was so strong that it was almost violent, but at the same time, she did not oppress others. She could make her own decisions according to her own will.

Next was Lucifer, the goddess. Her power was deep and heavy. She would accept her own, but reject those that were not. There was a feeling of exclusivity.

Then there was the god of struggle and death, Ralakuta. He was just strong.

He had the power to crush and destroy everything.

As for the god of magic, Jerbrand, there was no special power that could be felt.

He was completely wrapped up in himself, and one could sense the grandeur of his presence. Jerbrand seemed to realize this and hummed to himself.

[You've only met stupid gods until now. As a god, one should maintain one's dignity and respect mortals. You just shout and offer advice without any thought. What's the point of that?]

"That's right."

It was clear that this god was different from the ones she had met before. The god of magic cast her gaze at a ghost.

"Hello?" [...Hello.] [I'm disappointed. I thought you might be able to reach your goal someday. You may not be able to conquer it, but you can try.] [I accept the mistake that occurred.] [Is that so?]
Here is the translation of the text:

Under the starlight of Jerbrand, the eyes narrowed.

[So, what will you choose?] [……What do you mean?] [It's a story for later. You'll have to choose one of the three options. Don't make a mistake then.]

The ghostly words left the ghost speechless.

Jerbrand turned his gaze back to the mountain.

[Shall we get to the point? What is your purpose for coming here?]

The mountain nodded.

Intermediate magic. He came here for that.

Jerbrand's lips curled up.

[I was thinking of putting you to the test. And if you clear it, I'll grant you intermediate magic. But... those annoying things have gotten in the way.]

The god of magic snapped his fingers. The mountain's body, which had been trembling, regained some stability.

However, the stability was short-lived and began to shake again with unease.

[Those scoundrels. While they're trying to escape the labyrinth and head towards my territory, they're resorting to tricks like this.]

The god of magic laughed. The laughter was cold with anger.

[Are you trying to interfere with me when I'm about to deliver a test?]
Here is the translation of the text:

"A gentle but enraged aura spread out. The ghost took a breath.

So, I'll change the quest content for a moment. It's a separate quest from intermediate magic.

The god of magic said:

"Return to the earth. And then, crush the arrogant high-spirited ones who dared to disrupt our meeting, and destroy their creations. Then, I will give you a reward commensurate with that. [Start sub-quest] The god of magic is angry with the high-spirited ones who disrupted his meeting with you. He wants you to crush their arrogance. [Reward: To be determined by the god of magic based on your performance]."