
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 166

166. To Seoul (1)

"'Is everyone ready?'"

Kim Hui-yeon asks calmly with a composed face. Everyone nods in agreement with determined faces.

Kim Hui-yeon clenches her lips.

"Then let's go. We'll protect each other and move forward. Don't die."

They begin to head towards Seoul.

Lee Tae-yeon's face turned pale.

"Uh... I still haven't learned it."

She and Kang Jun-hyeok had learned the Ability Sword from Tae-san. However, despite the intense training for a week, they still couldn't improve their skills.

"You have to learn on the go. You don't have time to rest."

Tae-san spoke calmly and walked away.

They soon left the Yongin City Hall and didn't take long to encounter monsters.

[Monster 599894 appeared.]

Numerous E-grade monsters, with two D-grade monsters, emerged. These were the same monsters they had fought against with their lives during their previous return.

In particular, the D-grade monsters were so powerful that even hard mode players could barely defeat them.

But now, they were no match.

"'Everyone, move!'""
Here is the translation of the text:

Hard mode players worked together to dodge the monster's attacks and avoid taking critical damage. Their movements were faster and more agile than before. The hard mode players combined their strength to defeat the D-grade monsters.

"Yay!"
"Haaa!"

Normal and easy mode players also fought bravely. They charged at E-grade monsters one by one, starting to take them down.

When they defeated all the monsters, their expressions were extremely bright.

"We won!"
"Waaa!"

As they rejoiced, Kim Hui-yeon quickly asked:

"Any casualties?"

"No one."

Kim Hui-yeon's expression finally brightened.

In the previous return, there were some casualties when fighting the six-headed monsters. But this time, no one died. It meant they had definitely become stronger.

Tae-san also lit up his eyes.

"It seems everyone has become stronger."

It seemed that their skills in fighting and death had allowed their movements to become faster and more refined. When Kim Hui-yeon recalled his memories, he realized that his level was different from before.

This was enough to bring about a change in the future situation.
Here is the translation of the text:

They walked forward with hopeful expressions. The monsters continued to emerge, and they also fought for their lives.

Taesan only dealt with the monsters that approached him and did nothing else.

The reason was simple: people needed to become stronger.

Even Taesan alone could handle all the monsters that were rushing towards him, but there would come a time when he couldn't. Therefore, he had to accumulate experience by fighting monsters without great danger.

Of course, he moved when it was really dangerous.

Creak.

[Monster 122124 appeared.]

From the end of the five-digit number to the beginning of the six-digit number, the monsters were C-grade.

The power of the monsters was not comparable to the D-grade. Some people who underestimated the monsters and rushed forward were immediately knocked down to the ground. It was only then that Kim Hui-yeon realized that the monsters were of a different grade.

"Everyone, escape!"

"Eh...".

Fortunately, no one died from the monster's attack, but everyone was in a state of near-death and couldn't regain their consciousness.
Here is the translation of the text:

The monster lifted its arm to deal with them. After seeing its appearance, Lee Taeyeon and Kang Junhyuk rushed forward, but it was already too late, as Taesan had already arrived in front of the monster.

Boom!

Taesan punched the monster from above, and it fell to the ground with a loud sound.

"Aaaaah!"

The earth shook as if an earthquake had occurred, and the people who were fighting the monsters stumbled.

[The monster took 1621 points of damage.]

"Eh?"

Kang Junhyuk's eyes widened in surprise.

The monster tried to struggle, moving its arm. Taesan blocked it lightly and then stabbed it with his sword.

[The monster took 2012 points of damage.]

The monster struggled a few more times, but Taesan suppressed it and continued to swing his sword.

Before long, the monster fell to the ground.

Kang Junhyuk, who had been watching blankly, asked:

"......What's this?"

"What?"

"No, the damage......"

Kang Junhyuk let out a sigh.

It was 2000 points of damage, a damage that was unheard of.

Thinking about how he couldn't even deal 40 points of damage, no matter how hard he tried, it meant a difference of over 50 times.

"You can do it if you work hard enough."

"It seems too difficult, though......"
Here is the translation of the text:

It wasn't an easy task. Kang Junhyeok, who didn't possess any special skills, could only rely on the attack power of his equipment, so he had to go down deep before he could deal 2000 damage.

"But it's not impossible."

Kang Junhyeok was also a player in solo mode. As long as he didn't die, he would eventually reach his goal.

And Tai-san wouldn't leave him to die.

The battle among people had already ended. As the monsters grew stronger, people began to suffer heavy losses. Tai-san said to them:

"People who have lost more than half of their health, come this way."

The people gathered around Tai-san, trembling. Tai-san then manifested a spell.

[You have activated the Revival Zone.]

A green sphere enveloped them.

The people's health inside the sphere began to recover at a rapid pace. They let out a collective gasp.

"Wow, wow, wow!"

"My health is recovering!"

Tai-san observed their reaction and muttered to himself:

"The recovery speed isn't bad."

A magic that increases the health and mana of people within a certain area. Revival Zone.

I was curious about its effectiveness, but seeing their reaction, it seemed to recover at a decent pace. I thought it would be useful in the future.

"Wow..."
Here is the translation of the text:

"Taesan, sir……."

People in the area looked at Taesan with admiring eyes.

Taesan calmly passed by.

The people continued on to Seoul.

The speed was five times faster than when they headed towards Ansan City Hall before. People's expressions were bright, knowing that the situation was better than before.

And then night fell.

People began to rest and settle down.

"Take it and go!"

Thanks to the rationing, there was no shortage of food. Everyone took as much corn or vegetables as they wanted.

In the past, they had to eat tree roots and the like because they were so hungry. Compared to that, the situation was much better now.

Even those who didn't experience it like Taesan knew how great it was that they didn't have to worry about food.

It was all thanks to Taesan.

The people's reverence for Taesan was growing day by day.

And Taesan was training Kang Jun-hyeok and Lee Tae-yeon in the outer part of their dwelling.

"Ugh……."

"Not even today?"
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san's eyes widened. Kang Jun-hyeok and Lee Tae-yeon, who had obtained the Ability Sword, didn't think about improving their skills.

"Let's do the rest tomorrow."

Although they didn't think it would be done quickly, it was possible that they wouldn't be able to improve their skills even after arriving in Seoul.

Lee Tae-yeon trembled and got up.

"Can we take a break?"

"No."

Tae-san shook his head. Lee Tae-yeon's face turned pale.

"What else do I need to do...?"

"It's not about what to do. I realized I didn't ask the right question."

Tae-san sat down on a rock nearby and asked.

"Guilty guides. Have you met them?"

* * *

Lee Tae-yeon and Kang Jun-hyeok both went down from the 10th floor. And the guilty guides existed from the 10th floor onwards.

Tae-san met the guilty guides on the 12th floor.

If the guilty guides existed in Lee Tae-yeon and Kang Jun-hyeok's labyrinth as well, they might have already met them.

Lee Tae-yeon nodded.

"Yes."

"I met them too. Those damn people. What do they want to order us?"

Kang Jun-hyeok grumbled. Tae-san rubbed his chin in response to their answers.

The guilty guides existed in Lee Tae-yeon and Kang Jun-hyeok's labyrinth as well.
Here is the translation of the text:

Then, it was likely that there would be a possibility of existence in the labyrinth of other solo players.

Tae-san thought for a moment and asked.

"Did I say it correctly?"

The words Tae-san had spoken to them were simple. If they met, they shouldn't fight unnecessarily and should first join a group. Ite-yun and Kang-jun-hyeok looked at each other hesitantly, but they agreed.

Ite-yun nodded her head.

"Yes, I've agreed to enter the path of sin as you said, Tae-san."

"It's not great, but there's no choice. We can't fight without getting hurt, and even if we do, we'll definitely die."

"You did well. If you try to oppose them weakly, you'll definitely die."

Unlike Tae-san, they didn't have the strength to oppose the others and win, nor did they have the gods' help that the upper echelons couldn't touch. Therefore, they had to join the path first.

Moreover, they didn't have much penalty for joining unlike other paths.

"What level did you get permission to go up to?"

"To the deep level, yes."

"Can we go to where they are?"

Tae-san nodded his head.

"That's fine."

Kang-jun-hyeok and Ite-yun are strong.
Here is the translation of the text:

Of course, they are still weak and lacking in power. But that's about them in the present, not about them in the future.

In a word, Taeyeon cleared the labyrinth with her cunning.

Even the leaders couldn't solve the problem.

As leaders, they would have assessed the abilities and potential of the two. Then, for the sake of their goal, they would have allowed a thorough strategy. That was Taesan's prediction, and it hit the mark.

"Let's go down to the labyrinth first and get their approval."

Reaching the depths was a long way off. Meanwhile, the leaders couldn't even dare to touch it, as they were going to become incredibly strong soon.

There was no way to solve the immediate problem with a method that went beyond this.

In the story, Kang Jun-hyeok wondered curiously.

"What did you do, brother? Did you also go in first like us?"

"I killed them."

"...Really? How?"

The guide of the path of sin, which Kang Jun-hyeok had seen, was a monster in reality.

Even those who were called 2nd-class could not resist the power they possessed, and when they met the leaders later, they were monsters in reality.
Here is the translation of the text:

The moment Kang Jun-hyeok met the upper echelons, he instinctively felt a sense of death. The upper echelons had a power that made him feel like he couldn't win no matter how strong he was.

But how did he survive against such monsters?

Kang Jun-hyeok was bewildered. The Taesan shook his head.

"I have a different kind of backing, so it's not the same."

"Is that a god?"

"No matter how powerful they are, they can't defy the will of God."

"Wah..."

Kang Jun-hyeok was amazed again. He had also undergone God's trials several times. He thought he had done well, but God had shown no special interest in him.

"Bro, you're really amazing..."

"That's not a big deal, so go rest. It's better to rest now and train again tomorrow."

"Uh-uh."

Lee Ta-yeon let out a sigh and stumbled away, followed by Kang Jun-hyeok.

When the two of them left, Taesan was left alone and muttered to himself.

"It's just as I thought."

[This is amazing. Then I must be in that labyrinth too?]

"Maybe so."

It was clear. There were guides to the path of sin in every labyrinth.

The process of copying the labyrinth also copied them, meaning they were also copied along with it.
Here is the translation of the text:

"What's the reason?"

It's possible that the labyrinth was copied because of the solo players, or maybe the solo players entered the labyrinth that was already copied. If that's the case, what was the reason for the labyrinth being copied?

I still don't know anything.

Tae-san remembered the words of the mysterious being.

She said that it would be her turn next.

"Then I'll ask directly."

Tae-san muttered to himself.

And the next day, they set out towards the city again.

At the same time, Tae-san felt that an unnatural power was stirring in the cracks in the sky.

The high-ranking officials were about to reveal something again.

Tae-san calmly hastened his footsteps.