
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 167

167. Seoul (1)

As we moved forward, more and more monsters emerged.

However, people also became increasingly accustomed to dealing with monsters. They became skilled at handling them and were able to defeat them.

Even monsters of C-grade or higher, which people couldn't handle, were defeated by Taesan.

In this way, they advanced without suffering much damage.

On that day, except for two people who died after recklessly challenging monsters, no one else died.

Everyone's faces were filled with hope. They expected to be able to chase away monsters if they continued like this.

Kim Hui-yeon's face, which had always been stiff with anxiety, also brightened a little.

"If we keep going, we might be able to reclaim the Earth!"

They were filled with hope.

"Well..."

And then Taesan laughed and cradled a pebble in his hand.

He had already experienced this flow before.

The gods would give people unreasonable quests and kill them if they couldn't clear them.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, there was no risk of death unless one descended into the labyrinth.

Giving up on the strategy meant safety, but also a dangerous territory.

People who had lost their vitality feared returning to the territory.

Therefore, there were many who decided to live in the labyrinth, giving up on clearing it.

However, a change suddenly occurred, creating the same atmosphere as now.

The reason was simple.

The monsters' strength did not undergo a significant change.

As time passed, the players grew stronger, obtaining skills and new equipment by descending into the labyrinth.

They showed explosive growth.

However, the monsters were not.

Of course, the monsters also grew stronger each time they returned, but their growth rate could not keep up with that of the players.

Even the strongest monster could not surpass the B-level. As the sacrifices decreased and people's territories expanded, they had hope.

They had a false hope of defeating the monsters and reclaiming the territory.

Looking back, it was a predictable trap. A powerful existence that had swallowed the territory could not even send down something stronger than B-level. It was unthinkable.
Here is the translation of the text:

But they had not recognized the truth, blinded by their hopes.

They would reclaim the earth.

They would revive civilization once more.

Everyone moved together under that faith.

And when they returned to the world through the special quest, they joined forces with all the people of the world to defeat the monsters and seal the rift in the sky.

They thought they had won.

But after that, they did not return.

People believed they had won, so they did not return. Those who had cleared the maze said, "Let's quickly return to the earth and build a new civilization first," and then returned to the earth.

"But it wasn't like that."

The earth's power surged into Tai's fist. The pebbles turned into dust and flowed into his palm.

Tai's eyes, which had dreamed of the future, saw the sky's rift open again.

The monsters had grown stronger than before, incomparably powerful.

And the world was desolate, with everyone dead.
Here is the translation of the text:

There was almost no one who had lived until he appeared. Those who had cleared the maze and returned were all Iji, Normal Mode people. However, even if they all gathered, it was impossible to deal with a monster of the A-grade.

After clearing, they were too busy surviving to confirm, but it's likely that the situation was similar in other countries as well. Since there was only one person who cleared the Alon mode in the entire world, they too would have eventually perished.

The Thunder God twisted his brows.

The anger and resentment that he felt that day still lingered in his body.

"This time, it won't be like that."

The Thunder God looked up at the sky.

The cracks in the sky were still trembling with power, just like before.

The gods were trying to kill the Thunder God. They were aiming for the space of the magic god, and it was no time to just sit back and watch. But the Thunder God was also waiting for an opportunity to take action. He was waiting for the right moment to take advantage of the gods' actions.

And he had to prepare for himself.

If the third return was remembered by the Thunder God, he alone could not accomplish everything.

That night. After the movement was over and everyone took a rest, the Thunder God was dueling with Itae-yun and Gang-jun-hyeok.

"Uaak!"
Here is the translation of the text:

The result remained unchanged. Despite setting all their abilities to the same level, Taeyeon and Kang Junhyuk couldn't even touch his finger.

"Are you feeling it?"

"...".

Kang Junhyuk gazed blankly at Taesan. Taesan's eyes snapped with annoyance.

"Is it difficult?"

"Ugh."

Kang Junhyuk slumped his head.

He still couldn't raise the proficiency of his Ability Sword.

"This is troublesome."

Taesan narrowed his eyes. From the beginning, the Ability Sword was an extremely high-grade sword technique that even surpassed the evaluation of the Phantom Wound's sword. It was expected that it would be difficult to obtain.

However, Taeyeon and Kang Junhyuk couldn't even sense it.

If this continued, they wouldn't be able to learn it even after a few years.

"Ugh..."

Kang Junhyuk was miserable.

He had confidence that he was stronger and more talented than Taesan, but he couldn't even raise his sword technique by 1%. This was a moment when his self-esteem was about to be shattered.
Here is the translation of the text:

"You guys learned how to fight and pour out your energy? How did you learn that?"

"How did you learn that, you ask? I don't remember, so..."

It was obtained unintentionally during a battle to protect one's life against a monster. Taesan raised an eyebrow.

"Let's do it another time since it's already late. How about tomorrow?"

"Yes..."

"Alright."

The two of them left with gloomy faces. Taesan stroked his cheek as he looked back at them.

"Was this always the case?"

[You're probably using the proficiency-enhancing potion, so you don't understand it well. This is normal.]

"I didn't know this about the Iraik's martial arts, but my proficiency increased when I learned it."

[That nobleman's proficiency in Iraik's martial arts is 100%, right? You're different from me. When you become 100%, your combat efficiency will become more convenient, won't it?]

"Hmm."

That's troublesome.

At least, I had to master the ability sword before the first wave started in Seoul.

A ghost opened its mouth.

[There is one way.]

"I also came up with one, but it's a dangerous method."

However, the value is sufficient.

Taesan's eyes sank deeply.
Here is the translation of the text:

The next day, they advanced once more, defeating monsters and forming a line as they went. And they were able to arrive at the Seoul City Hall.

*

"Here we are!"

"Long live!"

The people shouted and cheered, and Kim Hui-yeon's face was beaming with joy.

Only two people had died during their journey, which was far fewer than initially expected.

"Thank you! Thank you to Tae-san!"

And it was all thanks to Tae-san's quick thinking. Whenever danger loomed, Tae-san would rush in and handle it, which had saved two lives.

"It's fine, let's go in first."

"Yes!"

The people rushed towards the city hall. As they approached, their expressions grew more and more perplexed.

"Uh?"

"The building is......"

The Seoul City Hall was in ruins.

A person was waiting for them at the city hall entrance, looking tired.

"Did you come?"

A middle-aged man with a tired face greeted them at the entrance, his eyes scrutinizing them. He looked particularly worn out.

"...More than I thought. I thought it would be about half, but it's more than that."

The man's gaze fell on Kim Hui-yeon, who was at the front.

"Are you Kim Hui-yeon?"

"Yes."
Here is the translation of the text:

Kim Hwi-yeon nodded calmly.

"That's the one who's known as Choi Ba-ram, right? I've heard a lot about him."

"Well, I've also heard that he dislikes his name."

Choi Ba-ram scowled.

"As survivors who have been through hardships, I'd like to reciprocate, but... we're not in a good situation either."

Choi Ba-ram smirked.

"So, we should take the test first. Can you all qualify to enter Seoul?"

Kim Hwi-yeon remained calm as expected.

In the provincial areas, each region was trying to gain power over the others. It was no different in Seoul. People from outside were more cautious than welcoming.

Choi Ba-ram turned his gaze back.

"...Are you Kang Tae-san?"

Tae-san nodded.

"Hi, Choi Bung."

"...Do you recognize me?"

Choi Ba-ram was slightly taken aback. Choi Bung was a nickname his old friends used to call him. It was natural to be surprised when someone first encountered it.

"I've heard stories like that in the community."

"...It seems there's a living one. The strong ones are still around."
Here is the translation of the text:

Ci Fan smiled wryly.

Of course not. Tai Shan had directly asked Ci Fan to call himself "Ci Feng" because he knew it.

A normal mode player. Ci Fan.

The ruler of Seoul.

One of those who had survived until the middle stage and led them.

Ci Fan was a very selfish man. His life was everything to him, and he wanted to be the last one alive.

So he became the ruler of Seoul.

Because he thought that leading people himself was the most likely way for him to survive.

He wasn't a bad person.

He had managed people with all his might to survive, and regardless of the purpose, many people had survived thanks to him.

"I've also heard a lot of rumors. The strongest player. Gwang Tae-san."

Ci Fan scratched his face with a wry expression.

"Let me speak first and don't misunderstand. I'm very grateful to you. Not just me, but most people in Seoul feel the same way."
Here is the translation of the text:

Thanks to the talent for struggle and death, Chi Ba Ram was able to dive deeper. Therefore, he had a grateful heart towards Tae San.

"But, of course, there are people who have different minds everywhere. I can't hold it back for how long."

Chi Ba Ram's body trembled. Two men appeared behind him.

Kim Hui Yeon bit her lip.

"You... "

She too was a hardcore player who always had doubts about Tae San.

"Ma'am, I'm sorry. But we need to confirm it directly."

The two men drew out their weapons with serious faces.

"It's whether he really has that much power or not."

They couldn't believe that there was a human being who couldn't be defeated even if they threw hundreds of people at him.

Kim Hui Yeon turned her gaze towards Tae San. Tae San nodded.

"It doesn't matter, so step aside."

"Sorry."

"You're not sorry."

[Tae San challenged to a duel. This duel is a non-lethal duel.]

"If you're curious, come and try."

The two men took a step back.

They moved their bodies in different directions and swung their swords at Tae San, but Tae San stretched out his hands.

The tip of the sword was caught in Tae San's finger.
Here is the translation of the text:

"What!"

Kim Min-soo activated the "Flood" ability.

As the "Flood" ability was activated, the trajectory of the sword wobbled and tried to break free from the grasp of Tae-san's hand.

Tae-san strengthened his grip with his hand.

The trajectory that was trying to break free was forcibly corrected.

"Uh......"

Tae-san threw a punch. The two men flew away and were crushed.

[Kim Min-soo took 1843 damage.]

If it wasn't a non-fatal attack, it would have been a fatal blow. Choi Ba-raum took a deep breath.

"...as rumored."

"Is this enough to satisfy you?"

Tae-san laughed lightly. Choi Ba-raum's back got a chill.

It was not a lie that he couldn't stop the two from fighting Tae-san, but he had also been secretly looking forward to it to some extent.

Since no one had directly experienced Tae-san's power, there were not a few people who questioned his strength. Even those who ridiculed the people who worshipped Tae-san for his appearance could be seen.

So, bringing the two who were most curious about Tae-san's power, he shows them Tae-san's strength.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It was an action aimed at confirming the abilities of Tae-san while blocking the chaos at the same time."

"Tae-san seemed to know that Choi Ba-rum was thinking of such a reckless plan and smiled as if he knew."

"'It's dangerous.'"

Choi Ba-rum swallowed his saliva. If he had done this out of malice, he wouldn't have let it slide.

"'From now on, such things won't happen. First, I won't be welcoming. But the Seoul I expected is not going to be.'"

Choi Ba-rum laughed sarcastically.

"'This place is completely ruined, you know.'"