
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 168

168. Seoul (2)

The wind led them. The other people went inside the city hall to rest, while Kim Hui-yeon, Geum Jung-geun, and Kang Tae-san followed the wind's guidance and were looking around the city hall.

Not long after they looked around the city hall, Tae-san's group discovered something.

"It seems there are hardly any intact buildings."

Most of the buildings, including the city hall, were in ruins.

"It's all broken. Half of it is broken by monsters, and half by humans."

"By humans?"

The wind let out a cold laugh.

"It's a world that's collapsing, but I wanted to take the seat of power for myself, so I didn't mind causing chaos."

Kim Hui-yeon fell silent. Looking back, their situation was similar.

The first player to cause trouble in this mode was Ji Moodeul.

He led the normal mode and created a power struggle between the two modes. If Tae-san hadn't taken care of it, there would have been a significant number of casualties.

Next was Seo Jang-san, who led the hard mode. He said that the people in normal mode should become the shield of the hard mode.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Moreover, even if Taesan had handled it beforehand, it would not have been so if Ji Mo mode's anger had accumulated and a rebellion had occurred at some point.

If Taesan didn't exist, their situation would not have been different from Seoul's.

"'You didn't do that either?'

"'We...?'

"'Well, there are strong humans, so who would dare to resist?'

Taesan seemed to mutter to himself, as if he had expected this. He wasn't a weak-willed hoine who couldn't handle things. He was a cold-blooded human who could handle things and cut them off.

It was impossible for such a human to watch people fight.

"'I'm envious. If we had someone like that, we would have died a little less.'

Taesan muttered gloomily.

He introduced and said, 'This is the end of our territory. Do you have any more questions?'

"'How many people survived?'

He took a rough look and saw that the number of people visible was significantly fewer than those from Yongin. Taesan spoke calmly.

"'About one or two people survived, I think?'

'...?'

The people from Yongin survived around a hundred.

The number was less than half, and Kim Hui-yeon was speechless.

"'Please. Save us. Really.'"
Here is the translation of the text:

Choi Ba-rham's face was filled with desperation as he laughed with a "kill-kill" sound.

After the guidance was over, everyone scattered. The reactions of people from Gyeonggi Province who saw the appearance of Seoul were not much different from theirs.

"Ah..."

"I'm hungry..."

The people of Seoul were starving.

Those who saw that scene quickly used the emergency rations to make food. After receiving the food, the people of Seoul eagerly filled their stomachs.

"Oh!"

"This is that emergency rice! The rumor was true!"

Although the exact number was unknown, those from Yongin could also sense that the number of people who had survived in Seoul was significantly fewer than theirs.

Additionally, they could hear that most people had failed to block the monster-like creatures that suddenly appeared and had died.

If there was no Taesan, they would have been no different from these people, and a sense of fear spread through people's minds.

At that moment, Taesan was standing on the rooftop of the destroyed city hall, looking out beyond the horizon.

"It looks like a lot of people have died here."
Here is the translation of the text:

There were only a few survivors from Seoul and Gyeonggi Province, who had been struggling to survive. Even if they combined their strength, it was far from enough to block the monsters.

After risking their lives to block them, only about 10,000 people from the previous generation were able to survive and return to the labyrinth.

This time, I won't leave them behind like that.

However, there were problems to be solved for this to happen.

The next day, people from Uijeongbu also arrived.

Their number was much smaller than the population of Seoul, with only 50,000 people.

As they arrived, a quest window popped up.

[Special Quest Start.] [Block the first wave. The wave will start in two days.] [Conditions: Eliminate monsters trying to enter the safe zone.] [Reward: You will be given a differentiated reward when you return to the labyrinth.]

*

People who saw the quest window were devastated. Some even went crazy with despair at the fact that they had to block monsters again to survive.

However, most people from Yongin were calm and prepared to face the monsters.

"There's Tae-san."

"If you trust Tae-san, you can survive."
Note: Tae-san is likely a character or a leader in the story, but the context doesn't provide more information about who he is.
Here is the translation of the text:

The Taesan, which had a mental stronghold, did not easily collapse. However, the face of the safest area was not easily opened.

"It's too... wide."

This quest was to prevent monsters from entering the safest area.

In other words, it was a structure that required the entire area to be watched so that monsters could not enter.

Of course, the narrower the safest area, the more advantageous it is for defense, but the safest area set for this time was too wide.

The safest area was around 1km in all directions from the Seoul City Hall. Considering the strength of the monsters, it was an area that even 5,000 people could not guarantee safety.

"This is troublesome."

Chief Baek scratched his face.

Only Chief Baek was thinking about this. Kim Hui-yeon was also aware of the width of the safest area and was struggling with personnel arrangements.

If Taesan had not been able to block the five-digit monster during his previous return, they would all have been annihilated.

In reality, they were relying heavily on Taesan.

However, it was clear that Taesan would also find it difficult with such a wide area. He was definitely a monster-like strong one, but he was alone. His limits were clearly set.
Here is the translation of the text:

And Tai Shan also knew about this fact.

Goshi was trying to kill him, but he wouldn't offer a normal quest. Instead, he would try to take away his strength and prevent him from using it properly.

So he called back I Tae-yeon and Kang Jun-hyeok again.

"What's going on?"

I Tae-yeon cautiously asked, noticing the unusual atmosphere around Tai Shan. Tai Shan shook his head.

"It's not that. Time is running out now. You two know what this quest is about, don't you?"

"...".

The two people fell silent.

Tai Shan couldn't handle the vast area alone.

In other words, the two people had to become as strong as possible to support Tai Shan.

But they still hadn't learned the ability sword. To be exact, they couldn't even grasp the basics.

"It's too hard."

Kang Jun-hyeok sighed.

"I tried practicing by myself, but I just can't seem to get the hang of it. What should I do?"

Kang Jun-hyeok didn't stay still. He continued to practice swordsmanship and try to learn the ability sword, excluding the time he sparred with Tai Shan.
Here is the translation of the text:

But even a hint of confidence was nowhere to be found.

I was wondering if I could really learn this sword art.

But Taesan's thoughts were different.

When he looked at it, he thought he could learn from Lee Taeyeon and Kang Junhyeok.

After a moment of contemplation, he asked:

"How did you learn to flow and strike?"

"I'm good at it too..."

"I just got it by fighting monsters and got used to it."

The two people looked at each other with uncertain faces, and Taesan was convinced.

Taesan drew his sword.

"This time, we'll both attack at the same time."

"Yes?"

Until now, Taesan had been fighting with Lee Taeyeon, and when she was tired, he would fight with Kang Junhyeok, repeating this cycle.

But this time, he was thinking of fighting both of them at the same time.

"And the fighting style will also change."

Taesan removed a few equipment and changed his weapon to a low-attack-power weapon.

"This should be enough to avoid dying easily."

[Taesan challenged Lee Taeyeon and Kang Junhyeok to a duel.]

"Ah?"

Lee Taeyeon was taken aback.

Until now, the duels were evenly matched and non-lethal.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, this time both conditions were missing.

"Ah, Taesan?"

"I thought about it, and there might be a few reasons why you can't learn a skill."

One possibility is that you two are simply untalented.

Or maybe the method itself is flawed.

As Taesan sees it, the former is not the case.

Then, the method must be flawed.

"You said you learned swordsmanship and strength subconsciously."

Everyone learned it in extreme situations where they risked their lives to fight.

It's not a unique case. Taesan also learned some good skills by risking his life to fight. People can only reveal their true abilities in extreme situations.

"So, I'll do something similar."

"Ah, Taesan..."

This was the moment when Iteyan was about to say something.

Life took over her. Her face turned pale. She quickly drew her sword.

"Take a look at me. Or else you'll die."

Taesan stomped his foot. Taesan's figure, running towards Iteyan with life, made Iteyan feel a sense of foreboding.

If I don't stop him, he'll die.

But even if I stop him, he'll still die.
Here is the translation of the text:

She quickly moved her sword. She watched the trajectory of the sword flying towards her and twisted her sword to try to deflect it as much as possible. The movement was so clean and precise that it was unlike anything she had done before.

"But it's not enough."

The two swords clashed and Lee Taeyoon was sent flying.

"Ack!"

"You're the same too."

Tae-san charged at Kang Jun-hyeok. Kang Jun-hyeok, who had been staring blankly, quickly responded.

However, he easily dodged Tae-san's movement and Tae-san struck him with his sword.

"Eek!"

[Tae-san dealt 123 damage to Kang Jun-hyeok.]

It's serious.

Tae-san was determined to kill them.

Kang Jun-hyeok gritted his teeth and backed away. Lee Taeyoon also gripped her sword with a pale face.

Tae-san was satisfied with the sudden change in their reactions and launched himself at them.

First, it was Lee Taeyoon. When she saw Tae-san's figure charging towards her, she moved her body with a short shout and then launched her sword to block Tae-san's attack.

Tae-san dodged her sword and struck her neck.

"Ugh!"

The strong counterforce caused her body to be pushed to the ground. However, she managed to support her falling body with her feet and used the counterforce to swing her sword.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san lifted his lip and raised his sword. His arm swung out and hit I-tae-yeon's arm, making it bounce back.

"Ah..."

Tae-san kicked I-tae-yeon away and turned his body to chase after Gang-jun-hyeok's sword, which he had been throwing at him.

I-tae-yeon quickly rushed over.

The two of them combined their strength to attack Tae-san, and Tae-san blocked all their attacks while causing injuries to their bodies.

Kwajik.

Tae-san kicked I-tae-yeon's foot and clashed his sword with Gang-jun-hyeok's. Gang-jun-hyeok flew away roughly.

Gang-jun-hyeok quickly got up. His heart was racing wildly.

His physical strength had already dropped to half.

"Brother, just for a moment..."

Tae-san cut off his words and swung his sword. Gang-jun-hyeok had to quickly block it.

"What the heck!"

Gang-jun-hyeok muttered to himself.

Responding was impossible. The sword would bounce back when clashed, and a light attack would cause three-digit damage.

Tae-san swung his sword and muttered to himself.

"Can you guys even conquer the labyrinth?"

The labyrinth was an unreasonable place. The deeper you went, the faster the monsters became stronger than the adventurers.

Note: Labyrinth is a common term used in Korean fantasy stories to refer to a dangerous and challenging place filled with monsters and puzzles.
Here is the translation of the text:

Taesan was too strong, so there was no sense of it, but from the 30th floor, I had to bet my life on each monster.

Even if it wasn't Taesan, there could be a strong opponent threatening my life anywhere in the labyrinth.

Lee Taeyun had cleared the labyrinth in a previous life, but that was because her luck was incredibly good. She even said that if she returned, she wouldn't be confident of clearing it again.

Although both of them had become significantly stronger, they were still far from Taesan's level. In this situation, it was more important to rely on luck rather than their skills to conquer the labyrinth.

The tiny variable was a huge risk, and it was now Lee Taeyun and Kang Junhyeok.

To reduce this variable, they needed to become even stronger.

"This is something I can't learn in one go, so it would be better to die here."

Just as Taesan finished speaking, he chased them again.