
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 169

169. Seoul (3)

Itaeryun took a defensive stance. She held her sword in both hands and fixed her body firmly.

Whoosh!

Taesan broke through her defense with his strength.

Itaeryun fell to the ground. Taesan continued to wield his sword. Kang Junhyuk, who was running towards them, blocked the sword with his own, but was sent flying due to the vast difference in strength.

"Find the answer. Otherwise, I'll die."

Taesan kicked Itaeryun.

"Ah!"

Taesan broke through her defense and cut off her leg. She let out a short gasp and created some distance.

Sweat was dripping from her forehead.

"It's no use relying on strength."

There was no way to respond, whether it was speed, swordsmanship, or any other method.

And Kang Junhyuk was also thinking the same thing. They started using their skills for the first time.

"Whoo!"

Itaeryun rushed towards Taesan with a short battle cry. At the same time, Kang Junhyuk targeted Taesan's back.

The two of them, running towards each other from front and back, made Taesan lightly wield his sword.
Here is the translation of the text:

As she watched the sword flying towards her, Taeyeon added more strength to her legs.

[Taeyeon activated her skill, "Flowing".]

It was an absolute skill that could distort the trajectory of the opponent's attack. No one could ignore it, not even a giant like Tae-san, she judged.

In reality, her judgment was not entirely wrong. Tae-san's sword, which was heading towards Taeyeon, suddenly deviated from its trajectory.

But that was all.

Tae-san added strength to his sword.

Just like the previous sage, the distorted trajectory was forcibly corrected by the power of the sword.

Taeyeon hastily drew her sword as it was about to hit her.

"Ka-a-a-ang!"

"Ah!"

Her knee hit the ground. Taeyeon's eyes only contained shock.

"'Flowing' was ignored?"

When she first learned the skill, she let out a joyful shout.

A skill that could definitely dodge the opponent's attack. With this skill, she believed that she could survive any situation and not die.

However, the skill she believed in was now perfectly nullified.

Tae-san ignored the shocked Taeyeon and rushed towards Kang Jun-hyeok.
Here is the translation of the text:

As he saw the whirling sword, he was startled and activated his skill.

[Junhyuk Kang activated his counter.]

A skill that automatically counterattacks the opponent's attack. Counter.

Taesan had also effectively used this skill.

However, this skill had one flaw.

Taesan added more power to the sword. The sword, which was whirling before, flew towards him at a speed that was incomparable to its previous speed. Junhyuk Kang quickly moved his body, feeling that something was wrong.

Whoosh!

Junhyuk Kang flew away.

Taesan nodded his head.

"You're right. If you rely on the counter and rush in, you'll die."

The counter automatically counterattacks the attack inflicted on oneself.

However, it does not work properly against attacks that are too strong and cannot even be dodged.

It's a useless flaw, but it's not uncommon in labyrinths.

"Keep going."

Taesan stomped his foot.

Junhyuk Kang was covered in sweat as he gritted his teeth.

His heart was pounding.

An opponent who can make even the last skill meaningless.

A person with a power that is impossible to resist.
Here is the translation of the text:

That enemy is trying to kill him right now.

His physical strength had already dropped below 20%. Taesan was really furious and attacked them. As he went, the fear of dying flashed through his mind.

Although he had been faster and more precise than usual until now, he was unknowingly exceeding his limits.

Jang Jun-hyeok's mind was racing.

He couldn't rely on skills. He couldn't block or counterattack.

There was only one answer. He had to become faster and more precise than before. Jang Jun-hyeok focused his mind.

I Tae-yeon was in a similar situation. As the two of them stared at each other with narrowed eyes, Taesan smiled satisfactorily.

Taesan rushed at I Tae-yeon. As he swung his sword, she grasped it.

Clunk.

The moment their swords touched, she twisted her arm. She changed the direction of her momentum.

Taesan's sword was about to hit the ground when he used his arm strength to push it back.

Kang!

I Tae-yeon flew away. Her eyes, which had landed quickly, did not waver.
Here is the translation of the text:

Jang Jun-hyeok was similar. He also tried to unleash the sword of Tae-san to the maximum. Like Lee Tae-yeon, he was also hit, but Jang Jun-hyeok did not give up.

"It's hard to teach one skill."

Tae-san grumbled and continued to wield the sword. The movements of Lee Tae-yeon and Jang Jun-hyeok became more and more refined.

They fought for another hour.

And finally,

"[Jang Jun-hyeok's sword skill level increased by 1%]." "[Lee Tae-yeon's sword skill level increased by 1%]."

"Wow."

Jang Jun-hyeok barely managed to gasp for air. The two of them stared blankly at the system window that appeared in front of them.

Tae-san stopped the sword when he saw the reaction of the two.

"It's finally over."

* * *

Lee Tae-yeon and Jang Jun-hyeok, exhausted, began to exchange blows.

Even those with high stats were exhausted to the point where they wanted to rest, but they couldn't check without enduring.

Lee Tae-yeon rushed at Jang Jun-hyeok.

[Lee Tae-yeon activated the slash.]

Jang Jun-hyeok wielded his sword. Just as it was about to collide with Lee Tae-yeon's sword, the trajectory of the sword wavered.

"Whoa!"

Jang Jun-hyeok hastily tried to correct it, but he couldn't help but allow the blow.

"Oh..."
"This is..."
Here is the translation of the text:

They couldn't help but gasp in amazement.

"I'll try again."

They continued to analyze the ability they had learned. After checking everything, including throwing, striking, and counterattacking, they were convinced.

"This is really great."

The skill they had obtained was far superior to any skill they had learned so far.

Tai-san, who had been watching their duel in silence, finally spoke up.

"Now, there's no way we'll die."

[You're really lucky. Where can I find someone who gives away advanced sword techniques for free?]

The ghost muttered. Lee Taeyeon and Kang Junhyeok had learned the ability sword too easily, without any compensation. Tai-san's choice was respected, but as someone who knew the value of the ability sword, it was only natural to feel a little jealous.

"Thank you, Tai-san."

Lee Taeyeon bowed his head. Tai-san smiled slightly.

"Don't be too grateful. If you hadn't learned it, I would have really killed you."

"It's as you say..."

Lee Taeyeon knew. Tai-san could have killed them multiple times.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san had been attacking with a level of ferocity that would not let him die, one by one, from the middle on, disarming the equipment. Although he didn't feel it in the midst of the desperate battle to survive, Tae-san had taken great care to make them learn the ability sword. He waved his hand.

"That's it, let's rest. We'll have a tough time tomorrow."

"Yes."

"Thanks. Brother."

The two of them bowed their heads and left.

Tae-san gazed blankly into the air.

It was expected that they would learn the ability sword. With such talent, they would naturally learn if given the right situation. However, this was unexpected.

[Special permanent active skill: Authority of the Zodiac] [Proficiency: 1%] [People who have been created by your own swordsmanship have emerged. As they increase their proficiency, the proficiency of your own swordsmanship [Ability Sword] also increases.]

This was a skill they gained the moment they improved their proficiency in the ability sword. Tae-san was startled because he had never heard of such a skill existing even for the ghost.

"What's this?"

[...I guess? It seems there's such a thing.]

"Is this the first time you've seen this skill?"

[I did create the storm- scarred sword, but I didn't pass it down to anyone, so I didn't know the way. This is what it means, isn't it......]
Here is the translation of the text:

The ghost whispered to itself.

(It's not bad, but it's not free either. If I teach this to many people, I can quickly improve their skills even if I don't do anything. This is impossible.)

"It's not impossible."

Jang Jun-hyeok and Lee Tae-yeon had barely learned the ability sword in the face of death. It was unlikely that others could learn.

The ghost seemed to gnash its teeth in disappointment.

(But it's not bad. If ordinary people learn your swordsmanship, it will be a strange feeling, I think.)

Anyway, what I wanted to do has been achieved.

All that's left is to wait for the wave.

* * *

The next day, Kim Hui-yeon and Choi Baram appeared with tired faces. It seemed that they had been troubled by the personnel arrangement, as both of them looked exhausted.

The two began to deploy people to the outer perimeter to prevent monsters from entering the safe zone.

"How much is enough?"

"I don't know. We can't know how strong the monsters are."

Kim Hui-yeon bit her lip. Even with 5,000 people, the defense wall was quite sturdy.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, the strength of the monster was the problem. If the monster was strong enough that even a normal mode player would find it difficult to deal with, it would likely break through our defense in no time.

To prevent that, we placed a hard mode player in the middle, but it was hard to gauge how effective that would be.

"What's going on, I don't know what's going to happen..."

Chief Baram grumbled. Block the monsters that are trying to enter the safe zone. That's all I know. If we can't block them, I don't have any information on what will happen, so Kim Hui-yeon and I can only worry about it.

"It's not going to be good for us. We can only try our best to block them."

"That's true."

Chief Baram looked at Kim Hui-yeon with an uncertain expression.

"But is that okay over there?"

Chief Baram's gaze fell on an empty, uninhabited outskirts where no one was in sight.

Unlike the crowded places where people were packed in, this place was empty and stood out even more.

Kim Hui-yeon nodded her head.

"Yes, it's fine."

"But since it's the words of someone who has seen it with their own eyes, I think it's okay..."

However, as a person who has never seen Tai-san defeat the monsters, Chief Baram was naturally worried.

Just then, a strange energy began to gather in mid-air.
Here is the translation of the text:

The power of concentration was so dense that even players in easy mode could sense it.

"......Everyone, prepare!"

The strongest wind let out a fierce snarl. At the same time, the space was torn apart.

Kk-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k.

Monsters began to flow out of the torn space.

[Monsters 5422422335 and 5422422336 and 5422422337 appeared.]

Similar numbers of monsters emerged in rapid succession. People were shocked by the number.

"What's going on here?"

The monsters filled the field of vision.

It was estimated to be over 100,000, a shocking number. As the monsters stopped moving and began to slowly approach the people, people let out a fierce snarl.

The battle had begun.

People charged at the monsters with their swords. The monsters also moved their arms and tentacles to respond.

Kim Hwi-yeon shouted as she defeated the monsters.

"Those who have lost their energy should retreat! Recover with the potions you have, and if you don't have any, you can recover naturally and then return to the battlefield!"

People fought with all their might. The monsters began to writhe rapidly.

Kim Hwi-yeon's expression brightened.
Here is the translation of the text:

The monster was not as strong as I thought. It was just this level, and I could easily take care of it in no time. Even Taesan was taking down the monsters easily.

Taesan stretched out his hand.

Whoosh!

The monster that was charging at him was caught in his hand.

Taesan lightly brushed off his hand and threw a punch.

Dozens of monsters that were charging at him burst out.

[You have activated the wind explosion.]

The wind exploded one after another, tearing apart the monsters' bodies.

"Oh, oh!"

"Indeed!"

The people watching let out a collective gasp.

Taesan was holding off the monsters alone, covering a distance of hundreds of meters.

He was looking relaxed, without any difficulty.

Taesan smashed the monster's head and brushed off his hand.

"It's too weak."

People had become stronger. Not just in terms of stats or levels, but they also had rich combat experience. Now, there was no one who could be intimidated by a monster like this.

However, this was not going to end just like this.

Just as Taesan's thoughts were about to come to an end, the space split open again. This time, monsters with wings came flying out, accompanied by a loud roar.

[Ahahah!]

Choi Baaram, who saw the flying monster, was startled and shouted in alarm.

"How do I block this?"
Here is the translation of the text:

Up until now, people who possessed means to attack aerial enemies were almost non-existent. The chief shouted urgently.

"Those who have bows can handle the monsters in the sky!"

People suddenly noticed the monsters flying towards the safe zone. A few with bows quickly shot arrows, but the number was woefully inadequate compared to the monsters.

[Kiee!]

Several monsters entered the safe zone.

And at that moment, the monsters' bodies began to twist. Their wings grew larger, and their entire bodies transformed into muscular ones.

[Kyaah!]

The transformed monsters let out a roar and descended upon the ground where people were gathered. It was a moment when the faces of the people below turned pale.

"Where are you coming from?"

A mountain suddenly fell from the head of the flying monster.

Kwa-jik.

The mountain crushed the monster's head and leaped forward, throwing a punch. The transforming monsters burst out simultaneously.