
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 170

170. Seoul (4)

Tai Shan, who had dealt with all the monster-like creatures in the sky, turned his gaze down to the ground.

The monsters were gathering in the safe zone, taking advantage of the brief moment Tai Shan was away.

Just as people were about to rush forward to stop the monsters, [you activated the landing].

Tai Shan, who was hovering high in the sky, landed on the ground with a speed that seemed to defy physical laws.

Tai Shan threw a punch.

The monsters flew away.

He fired an arrow towards the empty space.

The monster-like creatures that were flying in the sky turned into arrows and disappeared.

"Oh, oh, oh!"

The people let out a loud cheer. Tai Shan was covering a range of hundreds of meters from the sky to the ground.

It was an astonishing ability, but it was clear that Tai Shan alone could not defend the entire safe zone. On the other side of Tai Shan, monsters were already slowly infiltrating.

Kururuk.

The monsters continued to push forward. At first, people were fighting with enthusiasm, but they were overwhelmed by the massive numerical difference.
Here is the translation of the text:

In the end, a few monsters crawled into the safe zone.

Kururuk.

The monster's body twisted. Its tentacles sprouted and its body grew larger.

"Eeeeee!"

"Halt!"

The people were frantically waving their weapons, but the monster seemed to be laughing as it shook its giant tentacles.

The people who collided with the tentacles were knocked down like dominoes.

In no time, a massive hole was torn in the defense wall. Kim Hui-yeon, who was blocking another direction, gritted her teeth and tried to move the people to safety.

Ta-at.

Lee Tae-yeon, who was blocking another direction, rushed towards the giant monsters.

Then, he drew his sword towards the swinging tentacles.

[Lee Tae-yeon activated his whirlwind technique.]

The tentacle, which had twisted and sliced through the air, was stuck to the ground. Lee Tae-yeon quickly kicked the ground and soared towards the monster's head.

[Lee Tae-yeon activated his mighty blow technique.]

Kuuuung!

The monster was pinned to the ground.

Lee Tae-yeon continued his attack. Thanks to the effect of his ability sword skill, the monster was unable to put up any resistance and collapsed.

"Ahh."
Here is the translation of the text:

After getting her breath back, Taeyeon moved her body again. As a result of her joining, the monsters that had been strengthened by her presence were falling rapidly.

People were startled and began to rebuild their defense wall again.

The same pattern continued. After a few monsters jumped over the safe zone and attacked people, Kang Tae-san, Taeyeon, and Kang Jun-hyeok dealt with the strengthened monsters.

The balance was precarious, but it continued.

After a while, people finally succeeded in defending against the first wave.

"It's won!"

"Hurrah!"

The people cheered, excited to hear the notification that the quest had been completed. Kim Hwi-yeon and Choi Ba-ram quickly checked the damage and began to redeploy personnel.

"Don't let them enter the safe zone."

Originally, monsters that entered the safe zone would be strong enough to be handled by two i-mode players. Choi Ba-ram let out a sigh.

Even if they were hard-mode players, it would be difficult for them to deal with the strengthened monsters alone.

"Still, I think Taeyeon and Kang Jun-hyeok would be able to handle it without a problem. They're much stronger than before."

"I was surprised too."
Here is the translation of the text:

The two of them knew how strong they were. However, what they showed this time exceeded Kim Hwi-yeon's expectations.

She guessed that the reason for their strengthened power was the martial arts taught by Tae-san, vaguely.

"It seems like we need to make some adjustments."

There are only three things that can handle the strengthened monster perfectly.

The next day, the deployment of the team changed. Kang Jun-hyeok, Lee Tae-yeon, and Kang Tae-san each took charge of a different direction.

After the deployment was complete, the second wave began.

Creak.

The monsters appeared.

The number was similar to the first wave, but the monsters were stronger. Now, the Iji mode players couldn't even block the monsters properly.

The defensive wall began to collapse.

Creak.

The monsters that entered the safe zone had mutated. People attacked them vigorously, but the monster shook them off like a pesky fly.

"I'm going to die."

Kang Jun-hyeok muttered to himself and stomped his foot. He looked at the monster with a serious gaze.

The strengthened monster that entered the safe zone was, according to Tae-san's standard, a monster of around D-grade. Even Kang Jun-hyeok, who was like that until recently, wouldn't have been able to defeat it in one shot.
Here is the translation of the text:

But now it wasn't like that.

[Kang Jun-hyeok activated his special skill.]

Wow!

He responded to the consecutive attacks by matching the timing. He struck the monster's entire arm and shouted loudly. The monster's body shook greatly under the intense impact.

Whoa!

The monster couldn't withstand the multiple hits and disappeared.

Kang Jun-hyeok let out a silly laugh.

"This is really too good."

If he didn't learn the ability sword before, he wouldn't have been able to defeat it so easily. It was definitely an extremely powerful skill.

Moreover, Kang Jun-hyeok sensed another advantage that Taesan didn't.

Taesan didn't worry about mana consumption, but he did. Even when using a skill, he had to be mindful of mana consumption, but the ability sword's special skill only consumed mana once, and then it didn't consume any more.

For him, who had always felt the scarcity of mana, this was a significant advantage.

"Good."

Kang Jun-hyeok's eyes gleamed as he gripped his sword.

Kang Jun-hyeok and Lee Taeyoon continued to move, processing the strengthened monsters. Taesan, as before, was in charge of a range of hundreds of meters and the sky alone.
Here is the translation:

But it was impossible to block all the directions. Eventually, the balance that had been maintained for a long time was broken.

"Everyone, block with your bodies!"

"How can we block it somehow?"

People threw themselves at it and tried to grab it with all their might, and as a result, sacrifices were inevitable.

However, thanks to the fierce battle of hardcore players, we were able to overcome the wave with relatively few casualties.

People celebrated their victory and took a break.

The next day, the third wave began.

The monsters that appeared this time were even stronger than before. Now, even players in easy mode were having trouble dealing a proper blow.

As a result, the defensive wall was easily breached, and greater damage was caused.

Many people died.

But people were no longer depressed.

Of course, they mourned the deaths of others and consoled each other, but they didn't become stuck in their grief. Everyone calmly prepared for what was to come.

Combined, the population of Gyeonggi Province and Seoul is around 12 million, but only 45,000 people survived.

They had seen the deaths of too many people.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

And they had overcome the deaths of many people, risking their lives to fight their way here. From now on, there was no moment when their spirits were broken.

And now, there was hope.

The hope that they could win, that they could survive and look to the future.

The center of it all was Kang Tae-san.

A man who had defeated countless monsters alone.

It was a miracle to those who knew the strength of the monsters.

Thanks to him, the people had finished preparing calmly.

The fourth wave had begun.

Even more people died.

The defense wall had completely collapsed, and if Tae-san hadn't helped, they would have been wiped out. The battle was extremely dangerous.

But they won.

They prepared for battle again.

* * *

[The final wave is starting.]

"Now it's the last one."

Kim Hui-yeon muttered with a twisted face, as if she was thinking that she had to count the deaths of the people she was managing. Choi Baek-won said with a written smile, "It's good to get used to it."

"But it's not getting used to it."

Kim Hui-yeon raised her head, frowning.
Here is the translation of the text:

The defensive wall was thinner than before. However, there was no despair on their faces. They were filled with hope that they could overcome it.

"Even so, we're in a good situation."

"I don't know what's going on in other areas."

The strongest gust of wind hit. It was hard to imagine that they could block this kind of wave without Lee Taeyeon, Kang Jun-hyeok, and Kang Tae-san.

"I'd rather be alive, but... it's tough."

As soon as the strongest gust of wind whispered, their strength became concentrated.

The space let out a strange and unsettling sound as it began to open. People swallowed hard and prepared to respond to the monsters.

As the space split open, the monsters burst out, and the people who saw them were shocked.

"Why did they turn out like that?"

Until now, most of the monsters had taken the shape of giant humans or centipedes.

However, the monsters that appeared this time were spherical in shape.

And the people suddenly realized why the monsters took that form.

The monsters began to roll around and run towards them. The speed was so fast that it was incomparable to anything that had happened before.

"What's going on?"

Kim Hui-yeon's face turned pale.

"How can we stop them with our bodies!"

She shouted. People also suddenly realized what was happening.
Here is the translation of the text:

In order to enter the safe zone, they had changed their appearance.

People flew away. They believed in their defensive abilities and physical strength, and used their bodies to block the projectiles, slowing down their speed.

"It's endless."

Tai Shan smiled and handled the monsters. He stomped his foot.

[You have activated the Earth's tremor.]

The flying projectiles shook simultaneously. Tai Shan instantly handled the monsters whose speed had suddenly slowed down.

[You have activated the distorted vegetation of Dekarabia.]

Kuku, kuku, kuku!

The roots burst forth like a domino effect, wrapping around the area like a dome.

"Oh, oh..."

People gasped at the roots blocking the sky.

However, the limitations were clear. Although they had summoned the roots by consuming all their magic, the area they needed to cover was too vast.

"Ugh!"

Ultimately, a considerable number of monsters entered the safe zone.

People swallowed their saliva, waiting for the monsters to change their forms.

Kuku.

The projectiles began to twist and rise. Their appearance was definitely different from that of ordinary monsters.

"......Insect?"
Here is the translation of the text:

They had a shape similar to that of a centipede. Of course, their size was enormous, something a normal human could easily jump over.

The centipede-like monsters charged at humans.

"Ahhh!"

"Halt!"

The people fighting the monsters suddenly realized something strange.

The monsters were not as powerful as they seemed.

They were not weak, either. Even hardcore players would need to focus on defense to deal with their strength.

However, if hardcore players gathered, they could easily take them down. This was a worrying thought for those who expected even stronger monsters in the final wave.

And soon, they realized the reason.

Kang Jun-hyeok rushed towards the monster to defeat it. He activated the "Flow" ability and unsheathed his sword.

The monster brought its front legs down.

The "Flow" ability of the Ability Sword twisted the trajectory of all attacks that hit the sword.

Kang Jun-hyeok ignored the monster's front legs and tried to attack, and in reality, the trajectory of the monster's legs was twisted.

Kuung!

However, the twisted front legs suddenly stopped with a loud noise and then pulled back, hitting Kang Jun-hyeok on the back.

"Ahh!"
Here is the translation of the text:

Jang Jun-hyeok dug into the ground with a groan. As he widened the distance, he felt a sharp pain and furrowed his brow.

"What's going on?"

He had clearly dodged the monster's attack, but was hit on the back instead.

Jang Jun-hyeok was taken aback. Lee Tae-yeon was in a similar situation. They had tried to gain the upper hand by using their dodging and slashing skills, but everything went awry.

[Lee Tae-yeon activated his dodging ability.]

He dodged the monster's attack and was about to counterattack.

However, the monster's arm suddenly stopped moving and flew straight at him. In the end, Lee Tae-yeon had to block it and widen the distance.

"This...?"

Tae-san was also in a similar situation. Tae-san threw a punch at the monster's arm.

Kaang!

A loud, solid sound echoed as the monster was pushed backward.

Tae-san's eyes lit up.

Despite being hit by his one-shot attack, the monster did not fall.

"Got it."

Tae-san drew his sword and activated his dodging ability. The monster, just like Lee Tae-yeon and Jang Jun-hyeok, quickly adjusted its dodging arm to attack.

He kicked it lightly and sent it flying, but it was clear.

A monster that responds to Ability Sword.

This monster was a monster created solely to kill Tae-san.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

Monsters rushed at each other. People were startled by the sudden gathering of monsters during the battle.

"What's going on?"

Tae-san didn't just stand there and watch.

She grabbed each one and smashed it apart, breaking it to pieces.

However, since the number of monsters was not small, she couldn't destroy all of them.

The monsters started to gather together. The centipede-like creatures wriggled and combined with each other.

Soon, only one black centipede-like creature appeared.

[Monster 999 appeared.]