
Episode 18

18. 2nd Floor (3)

The goblins playfully tease each other. They poke at their shields and shake their heads, appearing very familiar with each other.

"Squeak."

"Squeak, squeak."

Taesan watched them expressionlessly.

Dealing with individual goblin units posed no problem.

In easy mode, they were merely common monsters on the 10th floor, quite weak.

In terms of sheer strength, the first floor boss, the Giant Rat, was much stronger.

However, the difference between goblins and other monsters lay in the fact that they possessed some semblance of proper intellect.

They could cooperate, set traps, and conduct organized hunts, growing stronger the more they gathered.

Thanks to these advantages, they were seen even on the middle and upper floors.

There were four goblins in the room.

To encounter that number in easy mode, one would have to exceed the 20th floor.

Moreover, in easy mode, it was possible to handle them individually, one at a time, if there were multiple adversaries.

Here, Taesan was alone.

Taesan was well aware of this fact. He had prepared adequately for the situation. He scrutinized the goblins' armaments.
Four of them, two were wielding long swords. Though it looked like a long sword when worn by a goblin, when Taesan wore it, it was closer to a shortsword.

The remaining one was equipped with a shield and a dagger. The shield barely covered the upper body, a small shield.

And the last goblin was holding a bow.

He must be the one holding back from behind. Their clothing barely covers the joints, light leather armor. The defense looked like 1 or 2 at most.

Taesan, who confirmed the armament, decides on the order. He imagines the processing method in his head.

After checking, Taesan slams the door open and goes in.

"Kwang!"

"Kock!"

"Kieak!"

The goblins are surprised by the sudden appearance. But really just for a moment. The liveliness in their eyes disappears. What is there are monsters that kill enemies.

Taesan immediately takes out his bow. He draws the paralysis arrow, pulls the army,
[10 damage to the goblin with a bow.] [The target is now paralyzed. They cannot move until they take another hit or for 30 seconds.]

Unlike a Giant Rat, ordinary monsters seemed to have a longer paralysis duration.

Taesan pulled out another paralysis arrow.

The goblins screamed and rushed towards Taesan.

Despite the urgent situation which could lead to failure due to impatience, Taesan pulled the bowstring steadily.

[Cold proficiency increased by 1%.]

The arrow flies. It pierces through the arm of the goblin wielding a shortsword that was charging towards him.

"Kick, Kiik."

The goblin trembles and stops. Only its eyeballs roll around. Two goblins with the shortsword and shield remain incapacitated.

They are already within arm's reach. He can't shoot arrows now. The goblin with the shield swings a dagger down at Taesan.

Quickly, Taesan puts away his bow and draws out his Tower Shield. He deflects the dagger with the Tower Shield.

Thunk!

"Kaak!"

The goblin with the shield is knocked back. The size difference of the shields is overwhelming. Taesan also holds the advantage in strength. A direct collision would secure Taesan's victory.

[3 damage to the goblin with the shield.]
However, as he blocked with his shield, the damage inflicted was minimal. Based on his memory, goblins had around 40 to 50 health points. It was practically impossible to push them to death.

"Karruk!"

A goblin wielding a shortsword swings it.

Kakag!

The Tower Shield splits. The damage is tolerable. He shrinks his body before explosively hitting the goblin.

[8 damage to the goblin with the shortsword.]

"Kaak!"

He sticks to the flying goblin. He twirls around with a sword swinging at him. Kicks out his legs. The goblin falls. Taesan went over the goblin.

[…]
The goblin with the shield rushes forward as if to say enough. Taesan pushes him back without even getting up, remaining seated. The goblin with the shield retreats again, powerless.

[14 damage to the goblin with the shortsword.] [You have defeated the goblin with the shortsword.]

The system window does not appear. Taesan set it up so that it wouldn't obstruct his view, which had been bothering him throughout all the battles.

One down. The issue was that the paralysis arrow's effect had ended.

"Kaaak!"

"Kyeak!"

The three goblins, enraged at losing their comrade, react. The goblin with the bow roughly pulls the string. An arrow strikes the Tower Shield.

[2 damage to you.]

"Kyeaak!"

The goblin with the shortsword aims for Taesan's unprotected side, not covered by the Tower Shield. Taesan deflects with his shield. As he pushes back, the goblin with the shield seizes the opportunity to wedge in. He grabs the Tower Shield and forcefully pulls.

"Kaaak!"

"Tsk."

Taesan grits his teeth and shakes the Tower Shield roughly. The goblin with the shield is knocked back. However, this creates an opening, which the goblin with the shortsword doesn't miss.

"Kyeak!"

The blade aims for Taesan's neck. Quickly twisting his head to evade, but his flesh is grazed.

[7 damage to you.]
When Taesan tries to push away the goblin with the shortsword using his Tower Shield, an arrow is shot. Eventually, Taesan had no choice but to retreat.

"It's indeed tricky."

They cover each other's vulnerabilities, not giving Taesan a chance to do anything with their perfect coordination. It would have been quite dangerous if he hadn't taken out one in advance.

To achieve victory, he needs to break their synergy. Taesan takes a breath.

[You have activated Breathless Attack. You have freedom of breath for the next 10 seconds.]

He pushes forward with his Tower Shield towards the charging goblin.

"Kak, kaaak!"

He attacks at a speed twice as fast as before. The startled goblin steps back.

The goblin with the shortsword hastily tries to assist, but the coordination has already been shattered.

Taesan pushes roughly with his Tower Shield. The goblins are bounced back.

As the two goblins move away from Taesan, he gains some time. He puts away his shield and draws out the Staff of Flames.

[You have activated Fireball.]

A fireball shoots towards the goblin attempting to shoot an arrow. The goblin stupidly stares at the flying fireball.

"Kaak?"

Boom!
[15 damage to the goblin shooting the bow.] [No need for a check! The goblin shooting the bow is now in a burning state.]

"Kieeek!"

The goblin, engulfed in flames all over its body, screams and leaps around. Judging from its appearance, it seems unable to concentrate enough to shoot arrows.

Meanwhile, the two goblins are charging towards Taesan again. Taesan switches back to his staff and tower shield.

"Kaak! Kaak!"

The goblins vigorously strike the tower shield, but unlike before, there is no support from arrows. Taesan takes advantage of the gaps.

Kwung!

[9 damage to the goblin wielding the shortsword.]

"Kiieek!"

The goblin is thrown back. Taesan swiftly stows the tower shield in his inventory. He pulls out a rusty sword and charges towards the goblin holding the shield.

The goblin tries to defend itself with the shield until its companion returns, but Taesan has no intention of letting them both get away.

Unlike the tower shield, the rusty sword is a one-handed weapon. With his free hand, Taesan grabs hold of the goblin's shield.

"Kick!"

The goblin desperately tries to protect itself with the shield, but Taesan's strength is superior. Helplessly, the shield is pulled away, leaving the goblin exposed. Taesan swings the rusty sword.
Here is the translation of the text from Korean to English:

"[9 damage to the goblin wielding the shield.] [8 damage to the goblin wielding the shield.]"

"Kkiek..."

The goblin slumps down.

"You have defeated the goblin wielding the shield."

You've dealt with two. Two remain. However, one is practically counted as one since it is thrashing about on the ground with flames engulfing it.

"Kik, kkiek."

"The goblin wielding the shortsword feels intimidated by you. Its actions are restricted."

The goblin wielding the shortsword backs away with an uneasy expression. As Taesan strides closer, it grits its teeth and swings its sword. Taesan deflects it with his sword and thrusts at its neck.

[9 damage to the goblin wielding the shortsword.]

"Keek!"

It dodges again but Taesan pierces its neck.

[9 damage to the goblin wielding the shortsword.] [You have defeated the goblin wielding the shortsword.]

One remains.

Taesan approaches the goblin screaming with flames engulfing it.

* * *

"Kkiyiik..."

The goblin turns into a corpse along with its final words.

"You have defeated the goblin wielding the bow."

Victory. Taesan wipes his sweat and sits down. He starts to relax, easing the tension in his muscles.

"Not bad."
Here is the translation of the text from Korean to English:

"It wasn't easy. I used two paralysis arrows and depleted my stamina.

But it wasn't a matter of life and death.

Although my stamina and mana were significantly consumed, they were fully restored as victory rewards, and I didn't use any skills other than non-respiratory attacks and fireballs. The progress was much smoother than expected.

As I continue, the number of goblins will increase, and their equipment will improve, but it shouldn't be too difficult with the stat increases from leveling up.

Taesan began checking the rewards.

There was no level increase. Judging by the experience points, clearing one more room seemed likely to level up.

[Your Spirit Rise has been activated. Intelligence permanently increases by 1.]

"Simple."

The same message appeared four times. Taesan muttered discontentedly at the uniform system window.

Still, the increase in intelligence wasn't bad. It provided bonuses to various mental judgments and reduced mana consumption. It was an important stat as I would need to use more skills in the future.

And with steadily increasing proficiency, the contents of a few skills finally changed."
Here is the translation of the text from Korean to English:

[Special Passive Skill: Vision Enhancement] [Proficiency: 20%] [Can obtain a wide field of vision. Slightly beyond the human category.]

Changes typically start to occur from around 20% proficiency.

The description of "slightly beyond the human category" has been added to Vision Enhancement.

In reality, Taesan could perfectly see a 270-degree field that would normally be invisible at his sides.

Perhaps he could even perceive slightly beyond obstacles like objects.

It was a positive change.

On the second floor, several goblins attacked. The risk of being surrounded and attacked from behind disappeared. Having a wide field of vision was always advantageous, even outside the second floor.

There was also a change in the content of Penetration.

[Special Passive Skill: Penetration] [Proficiency: 24%] [Can grasp a lot. It seems to only penetrate the weaknesses of living beings. It seems possible to find hidden rooms. Very occasionally informs you of important information.]

"Good."

Taesan muttered quietly. The change in Vision Enhancement was good, but this was even better.

Very occasionally informs you of important information.

That one sentence holds tremendous value here.
Here is the translation of the text into English:

"As much as artificially summoning the luck necessary to survive in the labyrinth, considering the moment it activates, it was as valuable as endurance and parity."

"Since the proficiency of Penetration rose quite slowly, I thought it would take at least surpassing the fifth floor to achieve it, but it increased at a much faster pace. It was a pleasant surprise."

"And now, it's about the items."

"Instead of giving meat and leather, goblins dropped the equipment they were wearing with a certain probability."

"In front of Taesan lay a small sword and a small shield."

"It's about time to change one."

"As he progressed through the floors, equipment would inevitably change. Taesan began to inspect them."