
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 171

171. Seoul (5)

A monster of three digits.

It was an A-grade monster.

Even players who have cleared hard mode cannot guarantee victory against this monster, which is the strongest at a general level and has killed countless people in previous lives.

"A......"

As soon as the monster appeared, people trembled. Lee Taeyeon and Kang Junhyuk, in particular, blanched and quickly distanced themselves.

"That, that thing......"

Other people were simply paralyzed with fear by the monster's overwhelming power. However, the two had seen many strong opponents before and could infer the monster's approximate strength.

They were not brave enough to resist.

This monster was on a level that was hard to see even in the labyrinth.

To the two of them, the monster before their eyes was on the same level as the commander of the devil's guidance.

In fact, it was worthy of praise that they were holding their weapons without losing their composure.

Everyone was frightened and scattered.

And Taesan looked calmly at the monster.

'An A-grade monster.'

He thought it was about to appear.

A monster that can be matched by those who have cleared hard mode.
Here is the translation of the text:

But now he is even stronger than before.

Tae-san walked towards the monster. Kang Jun-hyeok called out to him in a hurry.

"Brother, that monster is..."

"I know."

As a monster of this level, it's impossible to stop him now. Even gods would know this. So, I wonder what kind of trick he used.

Tae-san guessed what it was.

[The opponent is difficult to win.] [The desire for battle has been activated.] [The proof of limits has been activated.] [The disdain for the strong has been activated.] [The heresy has been activated.] [The Giant Killer has been activated.]

Koong!

The monster stamped its foot and the system window opened with a loud noise. At that moment, Tae-san drew out his sword. The monster's leg and Tae-san's sword clashed.

Kaaang!

And a storm erupted. People were pushed away by the aftermath of the collision.

"Ahh!"

"Save, save the people!"

The only ones holding their ground were Lee Tae-yeon and Kang Jun-hyeok.

Both of them were struggling to hold on with their weapons stuck in the ground.

"What, this is..."
Here is the translation of the text:

It's not just a matter of giving and taking damage, and yet a person flew away. Even hard mode players would be no exception.

As people who couldn't believe their eyes gazed on in shock, the mountain trembled with rage.

If it was an A-grade monster, it would have had enough power to change the terrain. Fighting it here would have a high probability of destroying the city.

"I need to move to a different location."

[You activated your acceleration.]

Whoa!

The mountain struck the monster's chest with all its might. The monster stumbled back, but the mountain's face contorted in rage.

[Dealt 102 damage to monster 999.]

It's a bit tough.

Although it's not a critical hit, the damage is still quite high, with only 100 damage or so.

The mountain slammed its fist into the ground again.

The mountain kicked the charging monster's chest, sending it flying.

However, the monster didn't fly away and instead held its front leg up. It dodged the mountain's attack with its head bowed, and then kicked back with all its might.

"It's enough, I think."

After pushing the monster far away from the Seoul City Hall, the mountain easily overpowered the monster, which was not an easy opponent even for its ability score.

[You activated your scouting ability.] [Monster 999] [Target specialization]

Target specialization.
Here is the translation of the text:

It was a type of monster that no one had ever seen before, but it was unclear what it meant.

Tae-san grasped his weapon.

"Alright, let's do this properly from now on."

* * *

"Uh, uh..."

The people who were affected by the collision gathered together, their bodies trembling.

"Tae-san, sir, is he?"

"He's gone to fight the monster."

Ite-yun spoke calmly.

"It seems like he's considering our well-being due to the aftermath."

"Ah..."

"Ooh, Tae-san..."

The people sat down, crying. Kang-jun-hyeok laughed bitterly.

"I'm sorry, but there's no time to be grateful."

"What?"

The space was torn apart again.

As the monster's appearance became clearer, Kim-hwi-yun's face turned pale.

"Everyone, get up! Go back to your assigned positions!"

The battle started again.

* * *

Tae-san charged towards the monster that was created to kill him. The monster swung its leg in response.

[You activated the "Flow" skill.]

At the moment when the leg was about to collide with the sword, the trajectory went awry.

Those who had fought Tae-san so far were unable to adjust their trajectory and suffered losses.
Here is the translation of the text:

But this monster was different.

Clang!

The twisted leg suddenly stopped and pulled back, and then flew towards Tai San again with great force.

There was no way to defend against the square-shaped attack, and Tai San had to dodge the swinging leg while attacking with his weapon.

[You have activated the Quake.]

As soon as the skill was activated, the monster's color changed this time.

The monster, which had turned into a dark gray color, crouched down like a turtle. Tai San's sword struck the monster repeatedly, but excluding the damage caused by the attack, there was no damage at all.

[It's not an attack, is it? It's as if its defense has become extremely high.]

"Hmm."

Kuung!

The monster crouched down, then slammed the ground. It was like a samurai hiding and then striking, and Tai San quickly activated the "Rolling" skill to change the trajectory of his dash.

Kiki!

The monster then shook its leg. It shattered everything around it.

Tai San widened the distance and manifested his magic. The icy arrows shot towards the monster, but again, it didn't cause any significant damage.

"Magic is useless too."

The ghost let out a hollow laugh.
Here is the translation of the text:

[He's a monster that's only good for killing one person.]

He could, of course, respond to attacks like pouring or striking with his defense power extremely high, making it difficult for the opponent to cause significant damage.

Additionally, his magical resistance was also on par with his defense.

But the opponent was a stubborn one, and Taesan's expression didn't change.

The skills he possessed were the most significant advantage because the opponent didn't know about them. It was expected that the opponent would do something like this.

Taesan summarized the information he had obtained.

The opponent was countering with Ability Sword.

With magic also nullified, his Spiritual Skills would likely be similar.

Black magic had almost exhausted its power, so it wouldn't be much help. It was necessary to conserve his Divine Power until he properly understood the opponent.

"'But the damage didn't even land properly.'"

He could only deal damage of around 100 to 200.

Taesan remembered that the A-grade monster's HP was around 20,000 to 30,000.

The monster seemed to be specialized in defense, so it was possible that it had HP beyond that.
Here is the translation of the text:

It was necessary to succeed in thousands of attacks through simple calculation.

"It's not impossible, though."

Tae-san had defeated S-grade monsters with over 100,000 HP, each with an attack power of around 50. He had done it before, and it was possible if he had enough time. This was not an impossible opponent, but a difficult one.

The problem was elsewhere.

Tae-san's gaze flickered.

A fierce battle sound was coming from the direction of the audience. People and monsters were fighting, and additional monsters had appeared.

Considering the strength of the monsters, it seemed they would not be able to last long.

This was a battle of time. The outcome depended on whether Tae-san could defeat the monster in front of him before the people were wiped out by the monsters.

Tae-san's eyes fell.

The monster was clearly a creation designed to counter everything about him.

However, that was not a reason for Tae-san to lose. He began to analyze the monster's information, one by one, slowly.

There seemed to be no weaknesses in the mantis-shaped monster. Its defense power, which could block powerful attacks without suffering significant damage, was also incredibly high, making it resistant to magic.
Here is the translation of the text:

The monster was an A-grade monster. However, apart from its strength and speed, its abilities exceeded even the A-grade level. The two qualities were not that low.

The monster was truly perfect.

Tai-san was troubled by this part.

A perfect monster was impossible to exist. Even the most versatile attack-type monster had a clear weakness in its physical strength.

So, the monster in front of him must also have a weakness.

The problem was what that was.

The monster charged.

Kaka!

Tai-san blocked it and continued to think. He combined the numerous information and strategies he had obtained and searched for a solution.

"The monster's shape."

The monster was in the shape of a tick.

And Tai-san had discovered the weakness of the monster, which had taken on hundreds of different insect forms.

Tai-san soon put his foot down.

The monster swung its leg. Tai-san drew his sword.

Ka-a-ang!

A heavy sensation flowed through the sword.

Tai-san grabbed the end of the monster's leg.

His strength was superior to the monster's. The monster's body was pulled towards Tai-san. Tai-san struck the joint part of the monster's leg.

Ka-a-a-ang!
Here is the translation of the text:

Until now, it was the loudest sound I've ever heard. The monster's body swayed violently.

[999 hit the monster with 702 damage.]

Clearly, the damage had increased significantly, and Tai San was convinced.

This monster had a weak joint part in its legs.

Tai San had fought all the insect-type monsters he had faced so far. They had a hard outer shell that could withstand ordinary attacks, but their joint parts were much weaker and easier to target.

This monster was the same.

Tai San plunged his sword into the gap between the monster's legs and swung it. The monster's joint cracked and it fell.

The monster tried to grab Tai San with its front leg, but Tai San repelled it with his sword and then crushed the joint of its back leg, pinning it down.

Snap!

The back leg let out a creaking sound as it began to crack. Just as Tai San was about to rip out the monster's joint, a powerful force descended upon him from Raki Rata.

Tai San responded immediately.

[You have activated the Sadoha [Raki Rata].] [You have activated the Sado Assassin.]
Here is the translation of the text:

The great power and energy had converged on Taesan. Taesan strengthened his grip on the monster's leg with even more force. However, the monster shook its leg roughly.

The power was unlike anything Taesan had ever experienced, and he had to retreat.

Taesan gazed blankly at the monster.

He sensed a power that was on a different dimension from anything he had ever known.

"[Ah... what a strange thing is happening.]"

A ghostly voice whispered with a hint of awe. It was easy to guess what was going on.

"[You were given this power by the gods to kill you. And it's quite a high level.]"

The power bestowed upon the monster was like a defense mechanism, wrapping around its joint parts.

"Can I use it like this?"

"[I've never seen anything like this before. It's as if the gods are involved. The way you handle power is strange.]"

"But it looks a bit strange?"

The monster kept moving its head as if it had a tic, and its leg movement was awkwardly unnatural, like it was wearing clothes that didn't fit.

"[You were forced to receive this power. Since you don't have the qualifications to possess it, just maintaining it is a heavy burden.]"

Taesan stomped on the ground.

The monster responded by swinging its front leg.
Here is the translation of the text:

But the movement felt awkward. Taesan dodged lightly with a delayed attack and plunged into the gap between the legs.

And then, as usual, he struck the joint part with his sword.

Kaang!

But the sword didn't hit.

It felt like there was a sense of steel armor around him.

Taesan realized why the monster's joint had been concentrated on the joint part.

The monster's power itself was similar to Taesan's, who had taken a sacred oath. Since they had obtained equal strength, it would be normal to attack the joint as usual and capture it without any problems.

However, since the monster's power was all concentrated on the joint part, Taesan couldn't break through.

The monster swung its leg and attacked Taesan.

But the attack was too weak. It was only possible to dodge lightly with a quick movement.

The ghost laughed silently.

[It's a bit too much. Even if I'm just stalling for time, it's like I'm forcing myself to do this. What should I do now? It's going to be hard to attack the joints from now on.]

Taesan's expression didn't change.

It wasn't uncommon to supplement the weaknesses they had discovered while attacking.

Up until now, they had fought countless monsters.

And countless types of monsters.
Here is the translation:

They all had their own weaknesses. Among them, there were also monsters who had concealed or compensated for their weaknesses.

However, Tai Shan had won against all such monsters.

If the weakness disappears, it's just a matter of finding a new one. Tai Shan clenched his fist.

[You have activated the Deer on the Windy Path.]