
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 172

172. Seoul (6)

The wind covered the monster's body.

The monster seemed to be rushing forward without feeling any resistance, as if it was driven by the wind. The Great Mountain dodged the monster's approaching front legs and continued to spread the wind.

However, this was not a spell used for attack.

The spell expanded the sense itself, unlike magic.

It was used to gather information about the monster.

As the wind carried the information about the monster's body to the Great Mountain, it was revealed that the Great Mountain did not know this before.

The monster's body had a seam.

Although it was so small that it couldn't be seen with the naked eye, it was clear that the seam was densely distributed on the monster's body.

'Was it created by combining many monsters?'

The dark-colored centipede was composed of dozens, hundreds of monsters that had combined together. Despite this, its size was not significantly different from that of the monsters before they combined. This was because they had been forced to gather together.

It seemed that a seam was born in this process.

The Great Mountain continued to think about this.
Here is the translation of the text:

The monster's movements were awkward and seemed to be on the verge of collapsing at any moment. It was possible that the defense mechanism of the joint that protected its joints would not be able to withstand the impact.

The only way to deal a strong blow to the monster was to target its weak point.

However, the weak point was a small and insignificant-looking joint that could not be seen with the naked eye. Although the monster was weakened and could not withstand the impact, it still had enough strength to resist being cut down.

It was impossible to target the weak point with a sword or magic.

Even the black magic was no exception.

Therefore,

[You have activated a small spark.]

The wind that was spreading had flames in it.

The mountain god charged at the monster. As the monster was about to strike the mountain god's head with its front legs, the mountain god raised its sword.

Ka-a-a!

The two legs clashed with the mountain god's sword. As they struggled to overpower each other, the mountain god grabbed the monster's weak point with its remaining hand.

Whoosh.

The flames-filled wind flowed down to the tips of the fingers and began to burn the monster's weak point.

The monster's body began to tremble.

[Monster 999 took 504 damage.]

It was possible because the Sage's skill level had also increased with the Sado-Hwa.

Note: The text appears to be a scene from a game or a story, and the translation is based on the context and the available information.
Here is the translation of the text:

After confirming the monster's weakness, Tai Shan moved. He dodged the monster's attacks and pressed his hand against its body. Then, he blew a stream of flames and spread it through the joints.

The monster trembled in pain and resisted. Because Tai Shan had to make contact with the monster's body, he couldn't avoid all attacks.

But it didn't matter.

[Your first attack was nullified.]

Tai Shan touched the monster's body again. The flames spread through the monster's internal organs.

The monster's body trembled again, and at that moment, the armor that protected its front leg joint shook.

Tai Shan didn't miss the opportunity. He quickly moved his sword and inserted it into the joint. The sword creaked and got stuck between the joints.

He then grabbed the front leg and pulled it, ignoring the monster's struggles and adding more strength to his hand.

Snap!

[Monster 999 took 2045 damage.]

The monster's leg was torn off. The monster twisted its body in pain.

Tai Shan put his hand into the black fluid oozing from the wound and then spread fire directly into the monster's internal organs.
Here is the translation of the text:

The creature has a hard exoskeleton, but it also has weak joints and a fragile internal structure as its vulnerabilities... This creature also frantically thrashed about.

Pain consumed its mind, causing its joints to tremble anxiously.

From then on, it was at the mercy of the mountain's whims.

The mountain inserted its sword into the creature's remaining front leg, and then pulled it back.

Snap!

The creature's remaining front leg was pulled out.

Now, there was no reason to fear losing all its means of attack.

The mountain slowly dismembered the creature's remaining legs. Soon, the creature was unable to move and was writhing on the ground.

The mountain inserted its sword into the creature's mouth. The thrashing creature's body suddenly stiffened.

The mountain poured flames from its sword, burning the creature's entire body. Thousands of damages piled up and soon the creature was stretched out like a piece of cloth.
Here is the translation of the text:

You have defeated the monster 999. You have perfectly grasped the essence and weaknesses of your opponent and won. You have learned the special skill "Essence Perception".

Your ascension has been activated. ???'s proficiency has increased by 1%.

Your ascension has been activated. You have learned the special permanent skill "Twisted Ascension Adjustment".

Taesan pulled out his sword.

Since this monster was created to delay time, there was no joy in winning.

Instead, he spent more time than expected, and people's fate was unknown.

Just as Taesan was about to close the system window and rush to the people, the space split and darkness burst out.

*

Taesan stopped his foot from moving.

A gigantic darkness stepped onto the ground.

"Hello?"

A young girl appeared.

"Hello."

Mars, Lucifer.

Her appearance was not particularly surprising. She had previously said that it would be her turn next time.

Lucifer sent a gaze full of goodwill towards Taesan.

"You did a great job this time, Strong Taesan."

"Sorry, but I have something to do first."

People were still fighting against monsters. She had to handle that before talking to him.

Taesan strengthened his foot.

"There's no need for that."

Lucifer muttered and snapped his fingers.
Here is the translation of the text:

As the darkness spread along with the sound of a bucket, people who were fighting monsters with their mouths clenched suddenly stopped moving.

"Ah, ahah?"

Just like a shadow swallowing the remaining light, a massive darkness spread across the world.

And the powerful monsters that had been devoured by this power suddenly disappeared.

In an instant, people who had lost their opponents gazed blankly into the air with shocked faces. Mashin smiled wryly.

"It's okay to do this?"

Mashin directly eliminated the monsters. Considering that Rakirata appeared only after all quests were completed, it was clear that this was not a normal occurrence.

"Don't worry about it. They used unfair means too."

Mashin twisted his lip.

"You're going to cross the line with tricks like this? You seem to be quite dissatisfied with me?"

"Indeed, it was like that."

Monster aggregation.

And a massive, overwhelming power that even monsters couldn't bear, imbued in the monster.
Here is the translation of the text:

No matter how much I looked, it wasn't a normal flow. If I couldn't kill Taesan, I would kill all the others and get rid of them, and I felt a firm determination.

[You did a great job overcoming that. I'm very satisfied.]

The demon stretched out its hand. Darkness began to spread from the demon, centered around it.

[So, I'll give you a reward for that.]

The darkness swallowed the world.

Suddenly, the light disappeared from the world, and people gasped for breath. Some people drew their weapons, thinking that monsters would appear again, while others screamed.

[The manifestation of divine power.] [A blessing has been bestowed.]

"What?"

The demon smiled at Taesan.

[I'm proud, but it's okay. I've never given this blessing to a human, let alone a non-demon like you, and especially not to so many people.] [I got the blessing of the gods [the young lamb that entered the darkness].] [And this is a bonus for you.]

The darkness seeped into Taesan's body.
Here is the translation of the text:

You have learned the basic dark magic [Seyir's Black Wind]. You have learned two beginner-level dark magic spells, [Marbas's Black Wave] and [Leraje's Zone Detection]. You have obtained the title [Second Son of the God of Darkness]. Your mana has increased by 100.

You have learned one basic dark magic and two beginner-level dark magic spells, and your mana has increased by 100. The Great Mountain bowed its head.

"Thank you."

[You don't need to be grateful. It's just a natural trade-off for the deal.]

The God of Darkness chuckled.

[Well, those guys will find it even harder to kill you. What will you hold onto and what will you bear? The more they struggle, the stronger you'll become.]

It was a very joyful expression.

[I wonder what kind of face that guy will have right now. Just imagining it is enjoyable.]

But it was a deeper feeling than just the simple joy of defeating demons.

[So, is that all the compensation, and do you have any questions for me?]

"Yes."

The Great Mountain nodded its head.

The labyrinth and the sinners who guided it, which existed separately.

The gods knew the answer to that.

Just as the Great Mountain was about to ask, the God of Darkness's body began to tremble uneasily. It was as if a huge force was pushing her, as if she could no longer stay here.

[Is that all.]

The God of Darkness spat out her tongue.
(Note: The translation is in Simplified Chinese, as per the rules.)
Here is the translation of the text:

[Magic also exceeded the line, so I'm going to exceed it. Those selfish guys, right? Don't you think so?]

Ma Shin muttered to himself and began to put his body into the darkness.

[I'm sorry, but the details should be told to someone else.]

"Alright."

There was no urgent matter, so Taesan nodded his head.

Even if he just went back to the labyrinth, there was a god waiting for him.

[Ah, one more thing.]

The woman who was about to leave opened her mouth.

[The guide of sin will scheme against you again.]

Taesan nodded his head. With Taesan's strength, it would be easy to conquer a 40-story building. It was a predictable thing to expect him to move again.

Ma Shin had a ambiguous expression on his face.

[I'm sorry, but next time I won't be able to get involved as deeply as before. That kid is pitiful, after all. The law of the labyrinth is that the winner takes everything.]

It was an unintelligible remark.

She didn't seem to want to say anything else, so she put her body into the darkness.

[Then, I'll wait for our next meeting. Let's talk more calmly this time.]

After saying that, she disappeared.
Here is the translation of the text:

The darkness that had overturned the world was erased, and light shone through again.

Tae-san headed towards where people were gathered.

Kim Hui-yeon approached with a pale face.

"Ah, Tae-san, that power... was just now..."

She could instinctively feel it. The existence that had appeared just now was similar to the transcendent being she had seen before.

An existence that could engulf the entire world in darkness.

If one just looked, it could crush the earth in an instant. She knew that.

"At least, it's not hostile towards us, so don't worry."

Tae-san comforted her anxiety and looked at the people.

The wounded were visible. There were also those who were suffering in pain, but there didn't seem to be many dead.

"It seems like we've made it through this okay."

"Ah, yes."

Kim Hui-yeon nodded her head, barely holding her composure.

"Since people didn't panic and fought, it was easy to block. ...If we had fought a little longer, it would have been dangerous, though."

It was really a close call. Her physical strength was almost exhausted, and she was in a state of danger.
Here is the translation of the text:

But they had won.

[Special Quest Success] [Return to the Abyss in two days.]

---

The people confirmed the damage.

A total of 50,000 people.

Among them, 10,000 died.

Only 40,000 survived.

It was a considerable loss. However, they calmly accepted it. They mourned the death of the people, buried them, and prepared to move forward again.

"What about other areas...?"

"There must be some survivors. Everything will be taken care of in the end."

The darkness that killed the monster created by the demon.

It wasn't limited to Seoul, but spread all over the world.

Maybe all the monsters in the world disappeared at that moment.

"...That's what they called the god of the Abyss, right?"

Kim Hui-yeon heard that the existence that descended upon the earth was a certain kind of existence. They created the Abyss and opposed the invaders of the earth, he explained.

"Yes. This time it was the demon."

"What a thing."

Kim Hui-yeon shook her head repeatedly. Her imagination was going wild, and her head was spinning.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's not our enemy, so I feel relieved. Yes, if there are people who want to kill us, there must be people who can help us too."

Her expression was not dark.

It was the same for all the survivors.

The reason was one: the skill given to them by the god had an impact on their very survival.

The young girl who entered the darkness.

The effect was simple.

It was that all of them became possessed.

"I never thought I would get such power..."

"I'm the same."

Tae-san's face was ambiguous. She didn't expect the god to give humans the power of possession. She had always believed that the god of the void was not worth anything unless it was a member of the void.

And she didn't expect the god to give her such power.

"What do you expect from me?"

[Title: The Second Son of the God's Second Generation] [The position given by the god to the person he recognizes. With the power of possession, humans can exert a significant influence on possession and receive additional rewards as they grow stronger.]