
Here is the translation of the text:

Article 173

173. Return to the Abyss (1)

The position of the Saint.

As I experienced in the battlefield of gods, the Saint was responsible for managing all those who believed in gods. Although it was not as powerful as the apostle, it was a position chosen by the gods themselves.

Now, this position has been given to a mortal human.

What does the demon want from me?

I knew she had a good impression of me. However, it was not just a good impression that led to this favor. There must be something she wants from me.

'I don't know.'

Tai Shan shook his head.

The only certain thing was that she had a good impression of me.

Then, I should first receive it with gratitude.

Tai Shan called Kim Hui-yeon, Geum Jung-geun, Kang Jun-hyuk, and Lee Tae-yeon to confirm.

"Have you all received the magic?"

"Yes."

"It's around 10, right? According to the status window, it was created just below my mana."

"Did you learn black magic?"

The magic was useless on its own. It was necessary to have the black magic given by the demon to be able to use it.
Here is the translation of the text:

The question from Taesan made them nod their heads.

"No, we haven't learned that."

"Hmm."

Taesan read the explanation of the title.

One can exert a great influence on humans who possess magic, just like a human who possesses magic.

Suddenly, an idea occurred to Taesan's mind.

"Just wait a minute."

Taesan skillfully handled the magic and enveloped them. It was as natural as if he had known it from the beginning.

"What?"

Their eyes suddenly widened.

"Taesan, what's going on?"

"Ah, it's like that."

Taesan smiled.

The influence written on the title was the influence to transmit black magic to humans.

"What have you all learned?"

"I learned the basic black magic, Seir's black wind, and two intermediate black magic, Dekaravia's distorted vegetation. Why is the name so long?"

"What? You two have learned two?"

"My sister has learned a few, I think."

"I only learned one, Seir's black wind."

"I'm the same too."

Note: The story appears to be a fantasy or magical setting, with characters discussing magic and its effects.
Here is the translation of the text:

As I took a look, Taeyeon and Kang Junhyuk had learned one basic black magic and one intermediate black magic each, while Kim Hwiyeon and Geum Jung-geun had only learned one basic black magic.

"It seems that there is a limit to what can be learned depending on one's strength."

It wouldn't be desirable for an unqualified mage to use their own powers, so it's only natural that it would be a predictable outcome.

"It's unrealistic to teach black magic to everyone."

Tae-san scattered the darkness.

The darkness spread and wrapped around the surviving people.

Among those who were resting, a few suddenly stopped and let out a loud cry.

Kim Hwiyeon, who had realized what Tae-san had done, muttered to herself in a daze.

"Really... it's unbelievable."

The only one who could transmit black magic to humans. It was a power that was not considered human.

"But if you give it to me, I might be able to take it away?"

"Maybe."

Tae-san clenched his fist. The power that had been attached to Kim Hwiyeon's body suddenly disappeared.

"...Really."

"It's only natural since I received it from my older brother."

Geum Jung-geun nodded his head.

Tae-san gave Kim Hwiyeon another skill.

"I may not be able to use it often since I'm lacking in magic, but I'll be able to use it properly."
Here is the translation of the text:

Of course, unlike Tai Shan, people who cannot elevate their magical abilities will find it difficult to gain significant benefits immediately. However, considering the peculiarity of black magic, it could become a significant force when tackling the labyrinth.

Since they all knew the effects of the black magic that Tai Shan had used, they nodded in agreement with happy faces.

"Thank you very much."

"Alright. Then, let's go with Taeyeon and Kangjunhyuk."

Tai Shan drew his sword.

The two nodded solemnly.

* * *

The fastest way to improve the proficiency of a combat skill is to directly engage in a duel with someone who possesses that skill.

It would be extremely difficult for Taeyeon and Kangjunhyuk to improve their skills by themselves when they returned to the labyrinth.

Therefore, Tai Shan continued to push them for two days while they were returning to the labyrinth.

As a result, Taeyeon and Kangjunhyuk's sword proficiency increased by 2%, and Tai Shan's proficiency also increased by 1% due to the title effect of the authority of the Holy Sword. It was not a bad result.

"Here we are."

Only an hour was left until they returned. As Tai Shan stopped his sword, Taeyeon and Kangjunhyuk finally collapsed.

"Ah, ah."

The two were unable to speak properly and gasped for air. In contrast, Tai Shan remained in a state of calm breathing.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's surprisingly quiet, isn't it? I thought we'd take a break once in a while."

Until now, they had fought tens of times, and each time, they would make a weak sound. However, over the past two days, they had followed each other in complete silence.

Taeyeon, who had barely caught her breath, opened her mouth.

"I've realized something. I'll tell you how big the gap is."

"Now, we can't afford to be reckless."

Each of them had their own confidence. They thought they could easily defeat ordinary monsters and that no one could compare to them, excluding Taesan. That wasn't an overestimation. In reality, no monster could stop them. The gap between them and hard mode players had become even more pronounced, to the point where they could win 3:1 without any problems.

However, their confidence was shattered by the appearance of a three-digit monster.

It had the power to blow them away just by the aftermath of the battle.

They felt that they were about to be killed without being able to do anything. There was a huge gap between them and the monster.

But Taesan won against this kind of monster without a single wound.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Brother, how many floors are you on now?"

"36 floors."

"36 floors......"

Jang Jun-hyeok burst out laughing. It's already 36 floors, and they'll never reach that level. But for now, it's still too distant.

The confidence that had been swelling up like a balloon was suddenly punctured like a pin.

Tae-san shook his head.

"I have no one to compare myself to. I'm an adventurer who has cleared 50 floors or more, so I don't need to compare myself to anyone."

Even as a monster, it would be difficult to beat if it was in hard mode. If a general 36-floor adventurer had been here, they would have lost without even putting up a fight.

"There's no need to rush."

Tae-san said calmly.

"You're doing well now, so there's no need to hurry."

Ite-yun and Jang Jun-hyeok had already come down 13 floors. They were moving at a pace even faster than Tae-san had expected.

"Take your time, but build yourself up steadily. Then you'll be able to reach where I am someday."

Ite-yun and Jang Jun-hyeok's eyes fell.

And then, finally, all the remaining time was up.
Here is the translation of the text:

The return to the labyrinth has begun.

[Bonus for being a monster + 351] [First wave bonus + 54] [Second wave bonus + 55] [Third wave bonus + 52] [Fourth wave bonus + 61] [Fifth wave bonus + 65] [Special victory bonus + 641] [Conquest bonus + 84] [Victory bonus + 115]

...

...

[Settlement complete] [1,478 points will be paid out.]

* * *

1,478 points. It was possible to upgrade the skill proficiency to 150% through simple calculation.

Of course, it's difficult to achieve the same effect due to the skill proficiency limit. However, it was still a considerable reward.

But Taesan did not use the points immediately.

There were a few skills obtained this time during the return. They needed to be checked first.

"I didn't think I could learn this so soon."

[Special activation skill: Understanding of Essence] [Proficiency: 1%] [Understands the essence of the target.]

A very simple skill with no additional content.
Here is the translation of the text:

In my previous life, I had obtained skills that surpassed 70 floors, but I didn't fully understand the effects of those skills at the time. This was because there were no enemies that required me to grasp the essence.

However, the true value of those skills lay in their combination with other skills. For example, the skill of attacking the enemy's vital spot.

If I could raise the proficiency of that skill to 100%, it would change into a skill called "Vital Spot Designation", allowing me to attack the enemy's vital spot.

Furthermore, if I could simultaneously raise the proficiency of "Vital Spot Designation" to 100% and possess the ability to grasp the essence, I could obtain a new skill called "Essence Strike".

This skill would ignore the enemy's defense and strike at their essence.

This skill was the one that made it possible for Taesan to win against his opponent.

In my previous life, I realized too late the value of grasping the essence and tried to raise my proficiency, but ultimately failed to achieve 100% proficiency.

However, I now understand the value of grasping the essence.

If I could raise the proficiency of grasping the essence to 100% in my previous life, what kind of changes would occur?

I was extremely curious about this.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tai Shan directly elevated his proficiency in understanding the essence. When considering that he would be facing enemies associated with gods or high-ranking officials in the future, he did not worry about losing money.

[SPECIAL SKILL: Understanding the Essence] [Proficiency: 50%] [He can understand the essence of his target. He can also determine the origin of his opponent's strength and weaknesses.]

As with mana, the consumption of points increased significantly at 50%. It seemed that skills above a certain level had restrictions.

Tai Shan immediately turned his gaze to the ghost.

[You have activated Understanding the Essence.] [Ghost] [The deceased prince of the Carter dynasty.] [A person standing at a crossroads of choice.] [What's wrong? Why are you looking at me like that? What's coming out?]

"No."

He could see a deeper and more relevant content about the target. He was curious about the effects it would have if used against a monster.

Tai Shan continued to examine other skills.

[SPECIAL PERMANENT SKILL: Distorted Spirit Regulation] [Proficiency: 1%] [Distorted beings can control their own distorted spirits. They can control the spirits that have been imbued in themselves, which would otherwise be a heavy burden.]
Here is the translation of the text:

Adjusting. According to the explanation of the skill, it seemed possible to adjust the divine being that was pulled up by a devil. Although the monster used its weak point to defend, it could also be used as an attack. The value of the skill was sufficient when considering it as a variable in combat.

The remaining points are 988 points.

There was no need to think deeply. Considering the value of the basic attack, the skills that needed to be raised were determined. Tai Shan immediately raised the proficiency of the vital attack.

[The proficiency of the vital attack reached 100%. The special skill [Vital Attack] changed into the special skill [Vital Targeting].] [Special Skill: Vital Targeting] [Proficiency: 1%] [It specifies a vital spot on a target and deals twice the damage when attacking the vital spot. You cannot re-specify the target with the same vital spot within a day. You can only specify a very small area as the vital spot.]

It was a skill that could specify the vital spot. If the enemy's attack weapon was a fist, it was possible to block the enemy's attack by simply specifying the fist as the vital spot.
Here is the translation of the text:

Of course, the area that can be designated as a vital point is limited, and it's impossible to achieve the same level of effect as one's imagination. However, as one's proficiency increases, the value of the skill becomes significantly greater.

The remaining points were all invested in black magic. As a result, the proficiency in black magic increased by about 30%.

[Black Magic] [Proficiency: 36%] [Can control divine magic. Uses black magic by consuming magic and varies in power and range depending on the consumed magic. Can also pull out the basic power.]

Black magic is similar to magic, and as one's proficiency increases, it doesn't seem to rise as much.

Now that I've learned a new black magic and its value has increased, it wasn't a bad investment.

Finally, it was time to confirm the effects of the newly acquired black magic.

"A little late, but I'll understand."

The god of magic said to return to himself after his return. However, it's uncertain what trials he will face, so he decided to meet with the newly acquired things after confirming them as much as possible. Taesan headed towards the 37th floor.