
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 174

174. The Magical God, Jerbrand (1)

[Start of 37th floor quest.] [Defeat the boss on the 37th floor and pass through.] [Reward: Boots of Protection that were stuck in the Abyss] [Secret Reward: ???]

A familiar system window appears.

You arrive at an area with a shop owner and monsters. Taesan immediately starts checking out the new skill he obtained.

Taesan places his hand on the ground.

[You have activated the "Area Detection" skill of Larej.]

Wooo.

A dark, thick aura swept across the entire floor.

At the same time, a vast amount of information about the labyrinth entered Taesan's mind.

The distance between rooms.

The size of each room.

The number of monsters occupying each room.

Taesan was able to obtain all this information.

"This is fine."

[Basic Black Magic: Area Detection of Larej] [Mana consumption: 18] [Basic mana consumption: 10] [Proficiency: 1%] [The wave of Larej's area detection, which can read the magic of all demons, is released. It can obtain a lot of information within a certain range.]
Here is the translation of the text:

If this skill can make me aware of things within my line of sight, even if they are not within the line of sight itself, as long as they are within a certain range, it would allow me to identify them. Although it may not be as detailed as insight, as long as it is limited to scouting, it would be a skill with outstanding performance.

Tai Shan entered the room based on the information detected by the area detection.

 Inside the room, a knight holding two black swords was waiting for Tai Shan.

The knight who discovered Tai Shan immediately charged forward, and Tai Shan responded with his skill.

[You have activated Quick Aim.]

After designating the knight's wrist as the target, the knight dodged the slashing sword and was struck by the sword inserted into the wrist.

Kaang!

[The dual swords held by the knight dealt 2450 damage.]

The knight's body swayed greatly.

Continuing to insert the sword into the wrist, the knight was unable to put up any resistance and collapsed.

"It's good."

Although I had already used this skill before, it was still a very useful skill. The fact that I could designate the target location was itself a form of pressure on the opponent.

Tai Shan continued forward.

Not long after, he discovered the monster in the next room. Tai Shan waved his hand towards the knight who was rushing towards him.

[You have activated Decarabia's Distorted Vegetation.]

Kukuukuung!
Here is the translation of the text:

The roots began to burst out and engulf the room. The color was deeper than before, and its thickness was much thicker too.

It's because the mastery of black magic has increased, so the skill itself has been strengthened.

The knight trapped by the roots struggled, but the roots didn't budge.

The mountain laughed at the unimaginable power.

With a mastery rate of only 30%, this kind of power is incredible. If the mastery rate is raised another level, how much stronger it will be is quite intriguing.

The mountain processed the struggling knight and moved to the next room. This time, it was the turn to experiment with the new black magic attack.

[You activated the Black Wind of Seyir's sword.]

A sudden black storm erupted.

The size was enormous, unable to fill even one room, but the power contained within was unbearable. The knight who clashed with the storm was blown away and stuck to the wall.

The mountain activated the Black Wind several times more, and the wind took on the shape of a sword or a storm according to the mountain's usage.

"It's not bad."
Here is the translation of the text:

[Basic Black Magic: Sire's Black Wind] [Mana Consumption: 10] [Initial Mana Consumption: 5] [Proficiency: 1%] [Summon the black wind wielded by the demon Sire.]

At first, I didn't have a clear idea of how to use it, but it seemed like I could use it in my own way.

I could shape the wind into a creative form and use it for offense or defense. Alternatively, I could make it a storm and blast everything away.

The power isn't strong, but it's a versatile skill that can be used in various ways.

'I wonder if I can use it with the skill "Walking on the Wind Road".'

Both skills are related to the wind. Since they're from different skill categories, it's hard to say how they'll turn out, but if possible, it might be quite useful.

And finally, the last skill.

This is the skill that Taesan has been expecting the most.

[Basic Black Magic: Marbas's Ebony Wave] [Mana Consumption: 50] [Initial Mana Consumption: 45] [Proficiency: 1%] [Summon the ebony wave that protects Marbas's domain. The deep and dark wave of darkness is expected to be strong enough to break through even the weakest barriers.]
Here is the translation of the text:

The strongest black magic that Taesan had obtained so far was Mephisto's Black Lightning.

This black magic was an attack that could not be dodged by an opponent who was weaker than Mephisto, and it had a stiffening effect when it hit. It was a very useful skill, but it consumed a lot of mana and magic power.

However, the Dark Tide Wave consumed even more mana and magic power than this.

Taesan went towards the next room with a sense of anticipation, and then cast a spell towards the monster.

[You have cast Mervash's Dark Tide Wave.]

A rift suddenly appeared beside Taesan.

A dark-colored wave from the dimensional crack began to surge forth.

Whoosh.

The wave crashed through the room, charging towards the knight like it was possessed. The knight tried to defend himself, lowering his sword to the ground.

However, the wave split apart and devoured the knight, and the knight's screams could be heard as he was consumed.

The sound of the knight's teeth chattering and crunching echoed through the air.

Click, crunch.
Here is the translation of the text:

[The knight with a pair of swords dealt 350 damage to the black knight with a pair of swords.] [The knight with a pair of swords dealt 532 damage to the black knight with a pair of swords.]

As the damage gauge disappeared and the waves gradually subsided, leaving nothing behind, a ghostly voice echoed.

"What's the point of... that?"

"Is the wave itself conscious?"

The 37th floor monster, without any resistance, disappeared just as it was said. It seemed to be a magic of a level that could unleash significant power even if it were on the 50th floor.

"This skill is good, but it's a bit off. It's a skill that's too directly connected to the other side. The demons shouldn't be interested, you know."

"Is it a bad thing?"

"It's not a good thing. Demons are existences that are below the gods, but they're not that kind of gentle ones."

"What do those demons do, then?"

All the black magic was related to demons. However, Tai Shan did not fully understand the difference between demons and the gods.

The ghost explained.

[They are similar to the gods.]

Tai Shan scowled.

"Similar to the gods?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"Isn't it true that the power of gods remains unchanged and infinite from the moment they are born? Of course, there are limits, but..."

Tai Shan nodded his head. The explanation was nothing new.

"[Even demons have similar existences. They are much weaker than gods, but they also possess significant power. They borrow strength from demons and use it to serve as black magic.]"

"What, a contract?"

"[I don't know the details. I don't want to be sealed away in another world like the gods, so I've borrowed black magic to gain freedom. However, I'm not a benevolent being towards humans, so it's better to be cautious. As long as the demon is interested, you can't touch me... except for the crazy ones, of course.]"

The ghost whispered to himself.

Tai Shan's words were stuck in his mind as he continued on.

He broke through the secret room and obtained a reward. The reward was an ordinary sword, so he thought of passing it to the shop owner.

Tai Shan did not stop moving forward and soon met the boss.

"Cracking sound."
Here is the translation of the text:

As he swung his sword, the knight's armor was shattered. After being struck by the sword again, the knight, who couldn't withstand the power of Tai Shan, fell to the ground.

Tai Shan then brought his sword down on him.

The knight, unable to put up any resistance, fell to the ground.

[Easy peasy.]

"It's about time I got down to business."

He had been stuck in this place for too long, 30 floors up, due to various reasons. He had been thinking of focusing on clearing the labyrinth after this incident.

[The ankle guard that had been sealed away in the depths of the labyrinth for an unknown amount of time. It still contains the power of a place that humans have not yet reached.]

It was a set of equipment with high strength, agility, and defense. Tai Shan quickly put it on.

[You used ???.] [You obtained the shield of Igagi.] [Shield of Igagi] [Defense + 150] [The shield used by the great adult Igagi throughout his life.] [For 1 second, you become immune to all damage when you are unable to move. This effect has a 30-day cooldown.]

"Ah?"

Tai Shan's eyes gleamed with excitement.
Here is the translation of the text:

"All immunity against damage. It was the first time I had seen such an effect. Although there was a penalty that made me unable to move, it didn't seem to be a big problem.

Since it was a useful effect that could be used in various situations, I had prepared a shield.

After clearing the 37th floor, I went back up to the higher floor to meet Relic. On the way up to the 36th floor, I also disposed of unnecessary equipment at the shop owner's store.

"When are you going to die?"

"It won't take too long."

I had started to accumulate some gold. Now I could afford to buy a decent piece of equipment.

However, I was thinking of saving up as much as possible to get better-quality equipment.

I went to look for Relic again.

"Ah, what's going on? Where did you go?"

She scolded me with a fuss, as if I had suddenly disappeared, meeting the god of magic. From Relic's perspective, it was a reasonable reaction.

"There was an incident."

I spoke calmly.

"Can we meet again?"

"Oh, oh. The gods will return, and I'll come back when they do."

I prayed again, just like before.

The space parted, and I was summoned to the realm of the god of magic."
Here is the translation of the text:

This time, without any interference, they were able to arrive at the space where the galaxy unfolded.

* * *

[Are you here?]

The god of magic greeted Tai Shan with the same posture as before.

[How was your journey?]

"Yes, I was a bit puzzled."

The god showed him attention and compensation.

It was beyond mere kindness.

Gerbard smiled wryly.

[We have something to give you. That's why the little one is here too. You'll find out soon enough.]

Gerbard clapped his hands.

[Alright, then. You've fed those things to the ones I want. Now, I'll give you a reward for it. What do you think would be good...]

His gaze, which had been staring blankly at Tai Shan, turned towards Tai Shan's gauntlet.

[Is that gauntlet going to you?]

"Do you know?"

[It's the gauntlet I used to use. It's mine.]

The god's own gauntlet. It wasn't particularly surprising in itself. He had seen the equipment used by gods who had become gods during their mortal lives before.

However, it was the first time he had met a god who had directly used the equipment he was wearing. So, he felt a bit of astonishment.

[That's enough, I think.]
Here is the translation of the text:

Gerald murmured to himself and shook his finger.

[The mysterious seal on the rough, worn gauntlet had been released.] [He had obtained the rough, worn gauntlet.] [Rough, worn gauntlet] [Attack power + 50] [Magic + 30] [He had broken the gauntlet of the existence that had crushed everything and made it into part of himself. His power still remained.]

The eyes of Tai Shan grew wider as he changed.

The magic ability was a numerical value that affected the overall power of magic. When magic increased by 1, the effects of all magic also increased by 1%, making it a very useful effect. However, there were few equipment that could be worn, so the effect was not very significant.

Through simple calculation, the power of magic had increased by 30%.

[It seems like this is a sufficient reward.]

"Yes, thank you."

[There is no need to be grateful yet. You didn't get it for free, after all.]

Intermediate magic.

And the trial to obtain it.

Gerald scratched his cheek.

[Actually, I thought about it a bit. It seems too hasty. Excessive is not as good as lacking, you know. But... I think it's enough for you, the way you are now.]
Here is the translation of the text:

Gerbrand smiled.

[Although it's a bit lacking, I have to give it to that pitiful and lovely child because it's what she wants.]

"Thank you."

Tae-san suddenly remembered Rilis's words.

"And she wants you to tell her that she's grateful," he said.

[Is that so?]

Gerbrand raised the corner of his mouth.

[That poor and adorable child. Only those who come here to learn magic and survive are surprisingly rare.]

He let out a chuckle. Unlike the gods he had met so far, this god seemed light and carefree.

Tae-san waited for Gerbrand's next words. Gerbrand's smile subsided.

[The trial I will give you is over. It's similar to what that child gave you.]

The trial of the gods was to rescue the princess of the godly world, which was being persecuted.

Gerbrand raised his finger. Stars stretching out endlessly passed by their side.

[The world of the arrogant giants. Baharia.]

Gerbrand's finger pointed to a planet.

The planet was much larger than the other planets, seeming to be at least ten times bigger in size.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Sometime, even giants who had delved into the magic's essence more than anyone else have forgotten about me. So, what you need to do is make them remember me again. Call out my name and make them recognize me once more. That's the trial I will impose upon you.]

[Start of Sub-Quest]
[The God of Magic, Zerbanth, wants to imprint the existence of magic on the giants who have forgotten their own existence.]

[Reward: Intermediate Magic]