
Here is the translation of the text:

Volume 175

175. The World of the Arrogant Giant (1)

A mid-level magic, said Relis and the ghost, is a magic that can achieve sufficient effects even in the depths, and is different from elementary magic.

I finally got it.

As I thought about mid-level magic, I naturally thought of a trickster who had pursued twisted mysteries.

He was thinking of killing the giant because the giant didn't like learning mid-level magic.

Jeravan seemed to know the giant's thoughts and said softly.

"Poor child, you're pursuing twisted mysteries, aren't you? That's also one path, but you've twisted it too much. You're jealous of the main theme because you used unfair means, and it's pitiful, and also disgusting."

"What do you think about him?"

[Nothing.]

Jeravan shrugged his shoulders.

"I don't value him at all. The magic he obtained is interesting, but not particularly impressive. What's more, observing a twisted and broken child is not a hobby I enjoy. It's not fun."
Here is the translation of the text:

It seemed that his voice was devoid of interest, as if he was not telling the truth. Gervand smiled wryly and asked, "Do you have any questions before receiving the quest?"

"I do have a few," he replied.

Gervand asked, "What happens to those who pursue distorted mysteries?"

The ghost replied, saying that it was too great a blessing for an immortal, and that it would consume a lot of energy. He also mentioned that the power contained in the article was quite formidable, and that if the timing was off by just a little, it could be very dangerous.

"It's a god of magic," Gervand said.

[You've used up a lot of energy to get here just relying on your strength. For a while, you won't be able to do anything else. You can relax.]

"That's right," Gervand said, smiling wryly.

[They will take an interest in you, Kang Tae-san.]

If they say that, they will be the immortals.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Enmity and benevolence. Between the two, enmity is likely to be more prevalent. They begrudge talented individuals. As long as the conditions are just, we won't intervene. It's better to be prepared.]

"I understand."

Tae-san nodded his head. Jerbrand couldn't help but smile at his calm demeanor.

The immortal ones, who surpassed the mortal realm, aimed to attack Tae-san with their enmity.

What Jerbrand said just now was not an easy thing to accept.

It was a statement that would make the weak tremble with fear and even the strong would struggle to overcome.

However, Tae-san did not waver. He simply made up his mind to wait quietly.

Jerbrand's smile deepened.

"That's interesting. What else do you wonder?"

Tae-san nodded his head and asked. There was a mysterious question that only God could answer.

"Why are we separated?"

There are three modes: easy mode, normal mode, and hard mode.

Players in each mode can meet each other. Therefore, they help each other, form a party, and overcome the labyrinth.

However, solo mode is an exception. Each player must overcome their own labyrinth.
Here is the translation of the text:

In my previous life, I didn't attach much importance to it. I didn't care much about gods and was busy acquiring skills, so I just thought it was that way.

However, after entering the solo mode and obtaining various information, it's natural that I couldn't help but think about it now.

"It's too much."

Even in Korea alone, there are tens of thousands of players who have chosen solo mode. If we consider the world as a whole, there could be hundreds of thousands.

Moreover, in solo mode, there are gods, guides of sin, and NPCs like ghosts.

Since Yeon-ae and Kang-jun-hyuk met Ahin-sahar, it's clear that they also exist in a separate labyrinth.

So, the guides of sin are the same.

A labyrinth separated by tens of thousands of players.

And all the NPCs and adventurers who occupy every labyrinth.

That's what Taesan didn't easily understand.

Gerbard smiled slightly.

[Are you asking that?]

"I'm curious. Was it always like that, or did something happen?"

[Can I give you a rough answer now? If I answer your question, it's the latter.]

Gerbard whispered.
Here is the translation of the text:

Something had happened, and the labyrinth was copied and separated.

"......Is that possible?"

Einartz, the guide.

Everyone was a strong one. They had reached the end of their lives.

Those people were copied tens of thousands of times. It was hard to believe.

[It's not impossible. Because their power is limited, but it's not consumed. It remains unchanged and infinite. Those eternal things, you know.]

Jerban's face finally showed signs of annoyance.

[You're going to admit defeat and disappear, or you're going to keep causing trouble until you're crushed, and you're wondering when you'll be able to twist your neck. When will you be able to do that?]

The eternal being with infinite power.

Tae-san had heard about such an existence from a ghost in the past.

"Are you all right?"

[That's all.]

Jerban shook his finger instead of answering.

[The answer allowed to you is up to this point. If you want more, you'll have to go deeper.]

"I understand."

Tae-san nodded his head. Despite that, he had gained something.
Here is the translation of the text:

The separation of the labyrinth is not something that has existed from the beginning, but rather it was formed during the process of entering the labyrinth due to the intervention of the gods.

"I'll accept the quest."

[Accepting the sub-quest.] [Good.]

Jervandor clenched his fist with a satisfied expression. The space expanded.

"Go there and meet their king. The only wise one among the arrogant ones. I'll give you an answer."

Taesan nodded and inserted his body towards the space.

Jervandor whispered to the disappearing Taesan.

"It'll be a meaningful experience for you."

With that voice, Taesan stepped into the world of giants.

The world of arrogant giants. Bahulia.

Upon arriving at Bahulia, Taesan first frowned.

Something unpleasant felt like it was piercing his mind.

"What's this?"

Taesan shook his head and cleared the sensation. Then, the sensation that had been crawling slowly disappeared.

Taesan raised his head.

The place he had arrived at was a forest. The size of the weeds was similar to Taesan's, and in the case of trees, they seemed to occupy a vast area like a wall.

"It's not a small deal."

(Note: Please let me know if you'd like me to clarify any part of the translation!)
Here is the translation of the text:

It seemed impossible to move away from the forest no matter how slowly I moved. I put my strength into my legs and climbed the tree.

Even though I climbed quickly, it took a while to reach the top of the tree.

As I looked around from the top of the tree, I saw a path not far away and a city in the distance.

And I saw a place that seemed to be a city at the end of the path.

I kicked the tree and flew towards that place. After running for about two minutes, I arrived at the path.

"It's wide."

The path was as wide as a plain.

[I thought it would be even harder to move.]

It's the world of giants. Everything is so big that even buildings wouldn't be small. But since it looked very small, it meant that it was very far away.

"It will take some time."

I moved my feet.

*Takes a pause*

I ran towards the city I saw from the top of the tree.

I wasn't using my full strength. I had to conserve my energy, so I ran at a moderate pace.

Of course, it was a pace that even I couldn't catch up to if I were an ordinary person.

But still, I couldn't reach it.

Even after running for over an hour, I had only gotten a little closer.

And I had felt something during that time.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's really huge."

As I walked along, I saw animals, including beasts, that were at least ten times bigger than usual. I had seen animals that resembled deer before, but they were nowhere near as massive as this one.

The giant was probably double the size.

As I kept walking, I thought to myself that I might be seeing things. Suddenly, I stopped in my tracks.

I looked up with a vacant stare.

"It's really big, I guess."

The three giants were sitting on the road, unaware of my presence. They were chatting among themselves.

"Brother, is this place okay? It's too close to the city, isn't it?"

"Not bad. If we see them coming, we can just run away. What's the problem? The Black Plunderer is just talking nonsense, right?"

"But don't you know? The ruler of this city is a monster. Shouldn't we give up?"

"These guys are really something."

The giant with a commanding presence frowned. I turned to them and asked,

"Hello?"

"Yes?"

"Can't you hear anything?"

"There's no one else around, what could we be hearing?"

Note: The story appears to be a fantasy tale with giants and a mysterious city, and the translation is provided as accurately as possible.
Here is the translation of the text:

They hadn't noticed Taesan's existence yet and looked around awkwardly. Taesan, who was getting annoyed, waved his hand.

[You have activated the wind explosion.]

The wind burst forth and hit the giant's face. The giant let out a loud roar and retreated.

"What's this?"

"Sorcery?"

The giant was startled and Taesan scowled.

At the same time, an unpleasant feeling crept into his mind.

If he hadn't used his spiritual power to suppress it, something bad would have happened.

"What's going on here?"

Taesan muttered to himself. The giants finally noticed Taesan's existence.

"...What?"

The giant looked around awkwardly.

"Who are you?"

"I'm a human."

"What, human? What's that for?"

"My older brother. My older brother."

The person who had been watching blankly suddenly grabbed the giant.

"That's not it? What's going on? I read a book once. It said that in another world, there are monsters like that, right?"

"Book? You read books too?"

"Well, I came from a decent family, so I was able to read well. The problem was that I was beaten up by my older sister and ran away."

"Anyway, what's going on? Monsters from another world?"

"Something like that, I think..."
Here is the translation of the text:

The giant's expression was uncertain, and it trailed off. Tai Shan nodded his head.

"Yeah."

"Oh, really..."

They let out a collective gasp. They looked at Tai Shan with eyes full of curiosity.

"This is really terrible. It's going to fly away if I'm not careful?"

"It's smaller than a bug, isn't it?"

"I don't want to hear it. I'm new here and need information. That's why I'm asking, but..."

"Hmm."

The giant didn't respond, but its eyes lit up instead.

"Ah, boy. How much will you sell this for?"

"...It won't be expensive, will it? It seems like it would be perfect for a treasure chest."

"Really?"

The giant laughed, and its yellow teeth were quite striking.

"Good. Human, come here."

The giant stretched out its hand. The shadow cast by the setting sun grew longer.

Tai Shan grabbed the giant's finger as it approached. The giant who had been about to lift Tai Shan stopped in its tracks.

"Brother?"

"What's going on?"

The two giant siblings looked at each other in confusion. They saw the giant holding Tai Shan, just standing there, so they thought the giant was just standing still.

But the giant that was holding Tai Shan was actually sweating bullets.
"What's going on?"
Here is the translation of the text:

He didn't hear it.

It was as if he was trying to pull out a sword that was firmly embedded in the ground.

"What's going on? This can't be!"

It meant that the human who was like a beast was even stronger than him.

And Taesan was shocked as expected.

"Strong!"

After hearing the story, it turned out that those who were not as great as he thought were just bandits or mountain bandits.

But Taesan was under the pressure of a significant force.

"Are you going to pay the price?"

Taesan strengthened his grip on the giant's finger. The giant's face turned pale. Taesan threw the giant's foot back.

"Woah!"

"Ah, big brother!"

The giant flew up to the sky.

The remaining giants trembled with fear and pummeled Taesan with a club. Taesan raised his arm.

Kuooong!

Taesan's face contorted as he felt the weight on his arm.

It was quite heavy. Although it didn't feel like a crushing pressure, it was a force that ordinary adventurers of the same level couldn't feel.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san infused power into his fist as he grasped the club. The club shattered with a loud sound, breaking into fragments due to the immense strength in his arm. Tae-san then punched the giant's abdomen with a loud "thud".

"Ah!"

The giant let out a sigh and collapsed to the ground. After a few moments of twitching, he remained still.

"It's amazing."

Tae-san raised an eyebrow, surprised. A being with such immense strength, equivalent to the strongest in the outside world, was hidden in the labyrinth. It was unheard of for such a powerful being to exist in the labyrinth without anyone knowing or reporting it.

"This giant... I've heard many stories about them, but I never thought they would have such incredible strength."

"Have you heard of it?"

"Not much. They're a reclusive tribe and rarely make appearances. But there are stories and legends about them."

The ghost said.

"These beings are said to be on the same level as transcendent beings."