
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 176

176. The World of the Arrogant Giant (2)

"Hey, you!"

"There's something I want to ask."

"Ah..."

The giant who had flown away had returned, its eyes blazing with anger.

"You insignificant human! You're dead!"

The giants rushed forward. The mountain's tongue lashed out. It seemed like they would crush everything to hear the answer.

When the giant clenched its fist, a loud sound echoed from the other side.

It was the sound of galloping hooves. At the same time, the sound of clashing armor could be heard. The eyes of the giants who were rushing forward turned pale.

"Ugh, it's the Knights!"

"Run away!"

"Ah, brother. But..."

Their gaze fell on the fallen giant. But it was only for a moment. The giant who was called "older brother" nodded its head.

"Leave it!"

"Yes!"

They ran away in disarray.

The mountain waited quietly for the sound of galloping hooves to get closer, and soon the owner of the sound appeared.

It was a giant dressed in medieval armor, just like those seen in movies. With its neat appearance and well-maintained armor, it seemed like a high-ranking giant.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The ones who abandoned my brother?"

The giant, dressed in armor, gazed at the fallen giant with a puzzled face. Then, his gaze fell on Tae-san.

Tae-san waved his hand.

"Hello?"

The giant looked at Tae-san in surprise.

"A human? Why is a being like you in our world?"

"Fortunately, it's understood."

It seemed unnecessary to explain further. The giant looked back and forth between Tae-san and the fallen giant.

"Did you kill it?"

Tae-san nodded his head. The puzzled giant's lips curled up.

"Great."

"Your Majesty!"

Suddenly, the sound of iron striking iron was heard, and dozens of soldiers rushed in from all directions.

"Are you all right?"

"I'm fine."

The giant, called "Your Majesty", cracked his neck.

"Arrest him. Be careful not to trample him."

"Yes?"

The soldiers' gazes fell on Tae-san and the fallen giant.

"What's that thing?"

"Why is it so small?"

They murmured and grabbed the fallen giant, binding him with ropes and dragging him away by force.

The giant sitting on the horse opened his mouth.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Thanks a lot. These things have really been a headache for me."

"Are those annoying guys, huh?"

"They're thieves who steal wallets from passersby on the street. Their skills aren't that impressive, but they're good at running away, so they've really gotten on my nerves. It's been a good day."

The giant chuckled and extended his hand.

"What's your name?"

"Kang Taesan."

"That's a peculiar name. I'm Umberak. I'm not doing it as a favor, but I'll take care of the annoying task. Would you like to visit my territory? I'll welcome you with all due respect."

"Okay."

Taesan accepted the invitation.

Taesan had to find the king of the giants in this place, and to do that, he needed to obtain information first. He needed to know what this place was like and what he needed to do to get what he wanted.

The giant in front of him, Umberak, seemed to be a high-ranking existence. He might know the information that Taesan wanted.

When Taesan agreed, Umberak grinned satisfactorily.

"A valuable guest, indeed. Let's hold a festival."

Smiling contentedly, he suddenly wore an ambiguous smile.

"But, what do you think of...?"

(Note: The translation is in Simplified Chinese characters, as per your request.)
Here is the translation of the text:

The size difference between them was too great. The giant's light footsteps moved a distance wider than a human's sprint. Moreover, he was riding a horse, so the speed difference was inevitable.

"Don't worry, it's fine."

Taesan stepped on the ground. He took a seat behind the horse's back, reaching a height about ten times his own body in an instant. Umberak was amazed.

"That's incredible. I won't worry."

Umberak kicked the side of the horse with his foot. The horse began to gallop away, accompanied by its whinnying sound, towards the distant territory.

The horse's speed was extremely fast. Although it was slower than Taesan's sprint, it was a speed that even the extremely fast Itae-yeon and Gang-jun-hyeok couldn't catch up with.

"A species that can rival the transcendent being."

After running for several tens of minutes, they finally arrived at the territory. Umberak shouted towards the medieval city gate, which could be seen in a movie.

"Open the door! Your lord has returned!"

The door was opened soon. Soldiers formed a row and rushed over, taking their stance.

"Have you arrived?"

"All rejoice!"

Umberak smiled slyly.

"I've finally caught the black plunderer who gave me a headache!"

The soldiers erupted in cheers. The lord raised his fist, holding his hand in a clenched fist.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's a festival today! Tell the citizens!"

The soldiers gave a brief response before dispersing.

Taesan entered a large room guided by Umbra, taking a rest. The bed was about the size of a small mountain.

Taesan threw himself onto the bed, closed his eyes, and took a rest. That night, Umbra came to the room.

"Are you going to start the festival soon? Will you join us?"

Taesan got up.

The great village.

Many giants gathered in the center of the village, chatting and laughing. A bonfire was burning fiercely in the center, and various foods and drinks were being brought in.

And a black pirate tied to a column was also there.

"Everyone, throw rocks! He's the thief who stole our property!"

The giants threw rocks. From their perspective, it was a pebble, but to Taesan, it was like a boulder. A giant who got hit by a rock let out a scream.

"Don't throw!"

"Look at this place!"

Umbra shouted loudly. The giants' gazes converged, and he pointed at Taesan with his finger.

"This small existence is the one who subdued the black pirate!"

"What's that?"

"......Is that a human?"
Here is the translation:

"The giant was tiny. It seemed like it was about to get trampled if it wasn't careful."

They were startled. It was a natural reaction. They saw a being completely different from themselves and couldn't help but take it in.

But the giant's surprise was only temporary.

Within an hour, they started talking again and handed over food towards the mountain.

"What should we eat with something this small?"

"Chef, could you make something special for us?"

The mountain, who received what they handed over, realized something.

This was the world of giants, and the mountain was human.

In other words, he was a foreigner. And in any world, foreigners are rejected.

Just looking at the history of the Earth, it was clear that people discriminated and rejected each other due to differences in skin color. Even if they were of a different species, it was unnecessary to say. Therefore, the mountain predicted that he would have to struggle to get information.

But it wasn't that way.

The giants welcomed him without a moment's fear.

That was also a display of their boldness, and at the same time, it showed their confidence.

Even if he was a foreigner, they were confident that he would pose no threat to them, and that they could treat him like a mere guest.
Here is the translation of the text:

Umbarak, who was enjoying the festival, came with a big smile.

"Are you having a good time?"

"It's okay, I guess."

Tai Shan put the food into his mouth. The cook, who was drunk, had prepared a very small amount of food for him. Although it was simple, it was delicious because it was a rare treat.

"That's good. I've never received a gift from a small human before, so I'm not sure what to do."

Umbarak raised the cup of wine that was filled to the brim.

"Then I'll ask. What brings you to our world?"

Umbarak's eyes drooped as he spoke.

"I welcome you, but as the ruler, I have to ask about our territory. It's been over 400 years since humans have visited our world, as far as I know."

"For magic."

Tai Shan replied without hesitation.

"The god of magic told me that I should bring magic back to your world and inscribe my name on it."

"The god of magic?"

Umbarak's eyes sparkled. He rubbed his chin thoughtfully.
Here is the translation of the text:

"'Magic'... it's been a long time since I've heard that. Since I read that ancient book in my childhood, I've never heard it again."

"It seems that magic has been completely forgotten here, just as the gods of magic said."

"I came to this place to inscribe it."

Umbrekk said with an ambiguous face.

"That's impossible."

"Why not?"

"We don't need magic."

His words were full of conviction.

"Before we talk about that, we need to meet our king. But I don't have that authority."

"How can we meet the king?"

"That's a difficult task."

Umbrekk smiled wryly.

"Our king cannot be met unless there is a just reason. And for a foreigner like you, it will be even harder."

It was only natural. It was impossible for a king of one tribe to easily meet a king of another tribe. Something remarkable or comparable was needed.

"Of course, as a foreigner, you may be able to find someone related to the king, but you won't be able to meet the king. But if there is a possibility, then..."

Umbrekk thought for a moment and then opened his mouth again.
Here is the translation of the text:

"We are giants. We do not worship strength, nor do we worship strong people. If you can prove your own strength, then it may be possible."

"That's the proof of strength."

That was the problem.

Umberak asked Tai Shan, who was lost in thought, "Are you from the labyrinth?"

"I know."

"That place is famous to us too. It's a place where talented and exceptional people from all over the world come, but we don't have anyone who has been there."

Umberak spoke calmly.

"That's because we are strong by ourselves. So, we don't need to find the labyrinth to become stronger. Magic is the same. We don't need magic, which is useless to us, because we are robust."

Boooo.

As soon as Umberak finished speaking, a loud trumpet sound was heard.

The giants who were enjoying the festival stopped moving. Their eyes began to burn with excitement.

"Here again."

Umberak smiled slightly and stood up.

"Want to see?"

Tai Shan nodded his head.

There was an unpleasant power felt on the outskirts of the city, and Tai Shan had seen this power many times before.

"Have we come this far?"

"That's our world being invaded by those entities. They are very unpleasant and worthless things."

Note: The text appears to be a dialogue between two characters, Umberak and Tai Shan, who are giants. They are discussing their strength and the fact that they don't need to prove it by going to the labyrinth or using magic. The story seems to be building up to some kind of conflict or invasion, but the details are not clear.
Here is the translation of the text:

Umberak revealed this.

"Everyone, stand up! Our enemy has come!"

Umberak let out a roar and charged forward. The giants followed behind him.

After all the giants moved, Taesan also moved.

They crashed into the walls of the buildings and arrived at a place with an unpleasant energy.

In front of the giants was a crack.

A crimson crack was trembling on the mountain above. As the crack opened, monsters appeared.

Kururuk.

Unpleasant and thick things burst out.

At the same time, a system window popped up on Taesan's screen.

[Monster 182851 appeared.]

A monster with a six-digit number, located at the front of the number, appeared.

Several C-grade monsters appeared.

Monsters that had trampled the earth appeared in the world of giants. However, it was not a surprising event.

The demon said, "The Overgod has trampled countless worlds." And it said that the number exceeded 250.
The text is a passage from a novel or a game scenario. Here is the translation:

The earth was not the first world they had destroyed. They had already destroyed numerous worlds and would continue to do so in the future. Even if there was a giant's world, it wouldn't be unusual.

"Alright, everyone!"

Umbraak laughed coarsely.

"Let's start the battle!"

The giants let out a roar and charged at the monsters.

The monsters also began to attack.

As it was the giants' world, the monsters' size was comparable to that of the giants. Of course, the size was nothing new to those who had seen it on Earth.

What was astonishing was the giants' strength.

A C-grade monster was one that a normal mode cleared player or a strong monster could defeat.

Compared to hard mode, it was incredibly weak, but it was not weak at all.

If they had possessed such strength before the labyrinth appeared, they would have been able to overthrow an entire nation on their own.

"Ahahaha!"

Umbraak swung his sword with a battle cry. The C-grade monster stumbled after being hit once.

The monster counterattacked, swinging its massive tentacle at Umbraak. Umbraak chuckled and punched back.

The tentacle flew wildly.

Umbraak thrust his sword into the shaking monster's body.

It wasn't just Umbraak who was putting on a show.
Here is the translation of the text:

So far, even giants who had been enjoying the festival in their daily clothes were swinging their fists and clubs, crushing C-grade monsters.

Although they couldn't easily subdue them like Umbra, they were working together to crush them.

At this level, I think we can even crush B-grade monsters. The giants were as strong as they said.

Tae-san watched from a distance.

After Umbra crushed the last monster, he exclaimed with a relieved face.

"We've won! Let's raise our cups of victory together!"

They started the festival again. It took a while for the festival to end. Tae-san returned to his room and lay down on the giant bed.

He looked up at the ceiling and said,

"A species that can match the Transcendent. It doesn't seem that way, though."