
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 177

177. The World of the Arrogant Giant (3)

The giants were strong. Even giants who didn't undergo special training could effortlessly defeat C-class monsters.

But Tai Shan didn't know.

Whether they possessed the power to fight against legendary beings and transcendent beings was a mystery.

The magical god spoke to him. The giants had once delved deeply into the mysteries of magic, but now they couldn't even remember themselves.

The young lord's reaction was obvious. Even if we consider the giants' civilization to be on a par with that of medieval Earth, it was still a quite prosperous domain.

However, the young lord himself didn't know much about magic.

That was an unusual occurrence.

Tai Shan initially thought that they were suppressing magic and denying the magical god, just like those who opposed the gods in the divine battlefield.

So he thought that he had to complete a quest to confront those who opposed the magical god.

But the giants weren't opposing magic.

They had simply forgotten about it.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san stretched out his hand towards the sky.

[You have activated the ice arrow.]

As the frozen arrow took shape, a strange and unpleasant sensation crept into my mind.

Each time I cast a spell, something foreign would intrude into my consciousness.

While it was not difficult to shake off, it was not a pleasant feeling. It was as if something was obstructing my attempt to cast a spell.

"Is it because of this?"

The reason why the giant, who had studied magic more deeply than anyone else, had forgotten magic. It was just a conjecture, but it seemed possible.

Tae-san released the ice arrow. Finding the reason why magic was forgotten was important, but he needed to prioritize the problem in front of him.

The most important goal was to gain the qualification to meet the king.

And to meet the king as a foreigner, he needed to achieve his goal.

Tae-san sat in thought for a moment before getting up from his seat. Simply sitting and thinking was not enough. This problem could only be resolved by taking physical action.
Here is the translation of the text:

After nightfall, Taesan came out of the corridor and waited for someone. Not long after, he met Umberak, who was sweating profusely and looking exhausted. "Ah, what a great battle today was." "Goodbye." "Huh? Human?" Taesan was discovered by Umberak, who looked at him with a worried expression.

"Don't go roaming around, but be careful. If you're not careful, you might get hit." "That's not a problem." "Well, since you've already defeated the black bandits, you won't die from just getting hit."

Umberak smiled slightly. His armor was worn and his hair was disheveled. Taesan asked, "Did you fight and come back?"

"I fought against the monsters that you saw yesterday. They're really tough. It's a satisfying battle, but it's also tiring."

Umberak narrowed his eyes. Although he could defeat them without a problem, they kept appearing every day, and from his perspective as the one who managed the territory, it was quite troublesome. He couldn't predict when the next problem would arise.

After hearing the story, Taesan realized something was strange.

"Can't you block the rift itself?"

Taesan had already sealed the rift on Earth, which was a red-colored rift.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, Umbraak listened to Taesan's words and shook his head.

"It's possible to do something temporarily, but it's not enough to completely block it. It's necessary for the king's guard to come. And those people are busy, so they can't come to this remote fief."

Taesan understood what he should do to meet the king.

"When will the next rift open?"

"It opens every two hours. It seems to open again tonight."

"I'll go with you then."

Taesan's words made Umbraak's eyes widen.

"Are you saying that too?"

"Yes. It's not impossible, is it?"

"Not impossible, but... is it okay?"

Umbraak's gaze was filled with concern.

There was no sense of disdain or mockery in his eyes, only genuine concern for Taesan's safety.

Taesan smiled.

"There's nothing to worry about."

* * *

That night, Taesan followed the giants to the location of the rift.

Many giants sitting around the rift looked at Taesan with worried eyes.
Here is the translation of the text:

As Umbra felt a similar emotion, Tai Shan calmly swept away the gazes of the giants. "It will be opened in a few minutes. Ah, I can't help it. I've been looking forward to it."

Umbra let out a sigh. He had planned to continue the festival with this foreigner for several days, but now he was worried about the foreigner's life and had to take care of it. Naturally, his nerves were on edge.

Tai Shan didn't seem to be worried and asked a curious question.

"That's the crack of the gods."

"Ah? Do you know it too?"

"I came from the labyrinth, so I know."

"...And then I thought that gods were sitting there. Then it would be easy to explain."

Umbra said.

"As you said, the gods are opening the crack to destroy our world. They keep sending monsters to attack us. Those things are really annoying."

Umbra laughed. He seemed to be completely familiar with the situation now.

"When did this start?"

"I don't know. The only certain thing is that it existed before this land was born. It's been a long, long time since we've been together."

Note: The translation is in Simplified Chinese, as per the rules.
Here is the translation of the text:

On Umbra's face, a look of annoyance was visible.

"'It's not intimidating at all, but it's always coming and bothering me, isn't it?'"

"'There are cracks here, but not just here, right?'"

"'There's a crack near the village, and there's one here too.'"

That was an unusual thing.

The giants were undoubtedly strong. The fact that they could clear the Normal mode without any special training, comparable to a player who risked their life, was an extraordinary feat.

However, their strength was not that extraordinary.

If a B-grade monster appeared, they could likely defeat it, but they would still have to fight with their lives. It was not a matter of just being bothered.

"'Is there some kind of restriction or something?'"

*Crackle*.

At that moment, the crack split open.

However, the appearance of the crack was somehow unusual. It was as if the crack was trying to forcefully squeeze into a narrow space, shaking violently.

"'Hmm?'"

Umbra had never experienced this before. And from the twisted crack, monsters began to appear one by one.

*Splinter*.
Here is the translation of the text:

The cracks that had been spreading were suddenly torn open, and some of the monsters that emerged had their limbs torn off or severed. However, some of them had managed to leap over the cracks and stand up.

"Hmm?"

Umbra's eyes widened as he gazed at the emerging monsters.

Something was off.

The power emanating from the giant monsters was qualitatively different from what he had seen before.

And then, a system window appeared that only Taesan could see.

[Monster 91221 appeared.] [Monster 45471 appeared.] [Monster 51125 appeared.]

Five-digit monsters.

They were B-grade monsters.

The monsters were bearing a grudge against Taesan.

"A bunch of quick-responding guys, huh."

Taesan seemed to have realized why he was here and sent stronger monsters than usual to kill him.

"Hmm?"

Umbra couldn't help but rush towards the monsters, sensing the power of the monsters unlike before. Then, the giant giants, who couldn't hold back, charged towards the monsters with a loud roar.

"Wow!"

The monster moved its massive arm.

It smashed the giants' clubs and hit their chests.

"Ku...!"

(Note: Please note that the translation is based on the assumption that the text is a description of a fantasy story, and some terms and concepts may require additional context to fully understand.)
Here is the translation of the text:

The giants fell to the ground, crying out in pain. The late-arriving giants, who were unfamiliar with their surroundings, stopped in their tracks, as if they didn't know themselves.

Monsters began to approach gradually.

The giants' eyes turned red.

"Are you kidding me?"

"Those who have been banished, like us, can't be defeated by those insignificant monsters!"

The giants were enraged and charged at the monsters together. Umbra also joined in belatedly.

"Hmph!"

He brandished his sword fiercely.

The monster swung its square-shaped arm, blocking the sword.

Kaang!

They bounced off each other. Umbra's eyes were trembling.

The monsters that had been encountered so far couldn't block his sword properly. However, they had almost equal strength.

The monsters became even stronger.

But Umbra laughed loudly.

As the lord, he found the existence of a gap annoying, but he was a giant who worshiped strength and loved battle.

It was no reason to be startled that the enemy had grown stronger.

It was not the only one; other giants were the same. While bleeding, they roared in triumph and fought against the monsters.

They were not afraid of death.

However, their limit was clear.
Here is the translation of the text:

The opponent was several B-grade monsters. And the only one who could fight one-on-one with monsters was the strongest Umbra. Although other giants combined their strength to attack the monsters, new giants with large and small wounds continued to appear.

When Taesan saw this scene, he began to move.

Umbra, who was fiercely fighting, was surprised.

"Humans! Retreat! This is dangerous!"

Unlike the monsters he had fought before, he didn't have the luxury of time to spare. He quickly shouted, but Taesan didn't stop moving.

When Taesan appeared on the battlefield, the movements of the monsters changed. The monsters that had been fighting the giants he was facing retreated and rushed towards Taesan.

Three monsters of similar size to giants charged towards Taesan. Umbra tried to help Taesan by dodging, but couldn't shake off the monster in front of him.

The monsters attacked Taesan.

Taesan lightly threw a punch.

Pffft.

With a strange tearing sound, the monsters flew away. Umbra's eyes widened as he watched the scene.

"Ah, now it's only a B-grade."

He had already defeated an A-grade monster on his previous return.

Even if several B-grade monsters rushed towards him, it wouldn't be a big problem.

"Did I think this was enough? Or couldn't I do any more?"
Here is the translation of the text:

When thinking about the monsters that were bursting into the gap by force, it was likely that the latter was possible.

The Great Mountain continued to move.

He drew out his sword and plunged into the midst of the monsters.

Thud.

[Dealt 2285 damage to monster 91221.]

He stabbed the monster with his sword, dodging its falling arm and activating the Freezing Arrow to pierce through. At the same time, an unpleasant feeling crept into his mind, but he shook it off.

"It's probably because of these things."

The unpleasant feeling he had felt every time he cast magic had grown stronger.

It wasn't a big problem, so the Great Mountain continued to fight against the monsters.

The giants, including Umbra, watched the Great Mountain's battle with foolish faces.

"What's going on...?"

The Great Mountain knew he was strong. However, he thought that compared to the giants, he was still at the level of a weak foreigner.

He believed that the sword had defeated the bandits because he had been careless in his moment of triumph, thinking that it wasn't a serious battle.

But that was not his own thought.

All the giants believed this.

The strongest being in the world is oneself.
Here is the translation of the text:

The gods' domain is nothing important to them.

Magic is nothing.

They looked down on the outside world and belittled its level. As there was no exchange with the outside world, their prejudices became increasingly true.

However, something was happening right in front of them that could shatter it all.

[You have triggered a lightning strike.]

The lightning struck the monster. It was the magic that they had so despised. But the magic was dealing a significant blow to the monsters that they had struggled to fight against.

Kwajik.

One monster fell like that.

Umberak suddenly regained his composure and snarled.

"We are giants."

They couldn't just leave everything to humans and watch from the sidelines. He shouted, still in shock.

"Giants! Are you just going to watch me, a small human, handle everything?"

The giants' eyes lit up.

Their pride had roused them.

From then on, it was easy. Even Taesan could defeat everything on his own, and with the giants joining in, it didn't take long for all the monsters to disappear.

[Your ascension has been triggered. The skill level of ??? has increased by 1%.]
Here is the translation:

Thanks to defeating multiple B-grade monsters, the overall proficiency rate has increased by 4%.

It was not a bad harvest.

Umberack gazed at Mount Tai with a trembling gaze.

"You are...?"

"Before that..."

Mount Tai stood before the crimson-colored fissure.

Umberack said that only the royal guards could block the fissure.

Mount Tai inserted his sword into the fissure. The fissure twisted and resisted Mount Tai, as if it was screaming in agony. However, Mount Tai crushed it with his strength, as if it was a mere insect.

In the end, the twisted fissure surrendered to Mount Tai and disappeared.

The giants watching the scene were shocked.

"Is this enough to meet with your king?"