
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 179

179. The World of the Arrogant Giant (5)

"I don't know, even if you say so."

He had done that from the beginning.

Even when he met the sages, and when he met the gods, he had not received a significant mental blow.

The Giant King laughed.

"You have impressive abilities, it seems. But you don't seem to know it yourself."

The Giant King spoke in a low tone.

"It's fortunate to be able to receive help from such an existence. We will perish if we continue like this."

The Giant King turned his gaze to the quivering monster.

"You must have noticed some strange things about the monsters on your way here."

"You're too weak."

At best, you're a C-grade. Even ordinary giants could easily defeat you. You're not on a level to destroy the world.

Tai Shan was able to guess the reason.

"Is it because of that monster?"

"There is no limit to the amount of interference the gods can exert on a world. Most of it was used on that monster. That's why we can't send a certain level of monsters."

The Giant King laughed with a twisted expression.
Here is the translation of the text:

"But we are weakening little by little. Even if I, the giant king, use my magic to suppress the monster's waves, I'm already exhausted just doing that."

The Giant King was an immortal being who had transcended the limits of life, but he looked extremely worn out.

Taesan asked:

"Wouldn't it be enough if you just killed me?"

Although the monster was a terrifying existence, Taesan judged that the Giant King was strong enough to kill him. However, the Giant King shook his head.

"I could do it many times over."

The Giant King raised his hand and clenched his fist.

Zzzt!

Suddenly, thousands of magic arrows shot out from within the barrier and struck the monster. The arrows were so dense that they covered the monster's body, making it impossible to recognize its shape. The Giant King looked at them calmly.

"This monster has been designed to be unable to kill the Giant King."

The monster twitched and got up from the ground.

The disintegrating flesh began to reassemble.

"This monster is making us forget our magic, but the Giant King cannot be killed. As time passes, it will eventually try to corrode our physical bodies too. It's just a being designed to kill us."

Taesan realized why the Magic God had sent him to this place.
Here is the translation:

"So don't ask me for help. Just go and kill it."

The giant king's eyes, which were trembling with excitement, were fixed on the mountain.

"You are not affected by the monster's aura. You are not a giant, so you can deal a blow to that monster. So, I suppose the god of magic sent you. Please, human."

The mountain nodded its head.

"Alright."

It was clear that he had come to this place for that purpose.

Unexpectedly, it seemed that if he defeated that monster, the quest would clear. Therefore, there was no reason to refuse.

Moreover, the opponent was the high gods.

He thought that he could take revenge on those who were trampling the earth by defeating them, and the mountain was delighted.

* * *

The mountain agreed. The giant king smiled.

"Thank you. I will make sure to give you a sufficient reward for that."

"So, what should I do? Can I just kill it?"

"That's not possible."

The giant king shook his head.

"That monster is not only the one that is killing us, but also a kind of limit. If you touch that monster, the high gods will open a space and summon monster armies."

"You can block those, can't you?"
Here is the translation of the text:

Goliath was immortal. He had a power that was incomparable to the leaders of the wicked path.

Monster-like creatures could be crushed with a single finger, but Goliath smiled wryly.

"I can't touch monsters."

Goliath pointed at the monster with his finger.

The monster still emitted a faint buzzing sound.

"If the seal that suppresses the monster is removed, the monster will spread its influence even more widely. Then, except for me and the Lord of War, everyone will go mad. I must stop it."

"Is it not possible to relax even with the power of the immortal?"

"If it was just a simple monster, I would have gotten rid of it long ago. The gods are cunning and wicked."

The Great Mountain also knew this. He had experienced it in a previous life.

"So, how can we stop the monsters?"

The Great Mountain focused on defeating that monster. Goliath said:

"So, I'll gather them. People who can withstand the monsters."

Goliath gave an order to the Lord of War.

"Except for Habiram, send each of the three to summon their respective lords. Tell them that their king has summoned them. Prepare for battle, and say so."
Here is the translation of the text:

The warlocks silently left together with a tacit understanding.

"It will take time to summon everyone. This is not a worthy reward, but I'll give it to you."

The Giant King shook his finger. Mysterious energy flowed out from that place and settled on Tai Shan.

[You have learned the beginner rune magic [White Rune Shield].] [Beginner Rune Magic: White Rune Shield] [Mana consumption: 30] [Proficiency: 1%] [Small shields with mysterious runes inscribed on them are summoned around you. The mystery contained in the shields is still insignificant.]

Tai Shan's eyes gleamed. The Giant King said,

"Our magic is ours. Compared to the magic of the gods, it may be lacking, but it will be usable. If I ask Habrim to help, we can have a duel. Let's practice, then."

"I understand."

Tai Shan followed the Giant King's words.

While the giant warlocks gathered at the stronghold, Tai Shan continued to train with the warlocks. Although the warlocks' strength was inferior to his own, their magical level was far superior, making it a good duel.
Here is the translation of the text:

With a slight increase in magical proficiency and a rough understanding of how to use the white rune shield, I could grasp the situation.

As time passed, the giants finally arrived.

* * *

"Everyone's here."

Umberack looked around at the gathered giants and muttered to himself. He recognized some of the faces he knew.

They were all lords of a territory.

Not only was there a small territory, but there was also a lord who managed a land ten times larger.

There were over 30 of these lords gathered.

"What's going on with this...?"

Umberack narrowed his eyes.

A human had come to his territory, and suddenly powerful monsters appeared, and the human defeated them.

So, as requested by the human, I sent a messenger to the Giant King, but before it arrived, four generals came and took the human away.

I thought everything was over, but a few days later, the generals came again and said that the king had summoned me.

So many things had happened in such a short time that Umberack still couldn't fully understand the situation.
Here is the translation of the text:

The one who had encountered the Great Mountain and knew its general situation was like that, and the other giants were even more so. They waited anxiously for their king's arrival.

Kiiiiiik.

The door opened.

The Giant King appeared. The giants hastily bowed their heads.

"We meet our king!"

The giants shouted in unison. Their eyes, upon beholding the Giant King, were filled with reverence.

For a thousand years, the strongest giant among them had been their king.

However, there was also a question lurking in their eyes.

It was a rare and unusual occasion for them to see their king directly. Therefore, they couldn't help but be puzzled.

The Giant King, gazing down at them, said:

"I have something to say to you all."

The Giant King began to speak. He talked about the monster dwelling in the castle, and how they had forgotten magic. And how he planned to kill it.

Having heard the story, the giants were taken aback.

"Your Majesty? What are you saying?"

"You've forgotten magic? That's impossible."
Here is the translation of the text:

The giants refused to acknowledge their king's words. Since the interference was not a sudden thing that occurred overnight, but rather a process that spanned a thousand years, the giants gradually forgot the existence of magic.

The giant king had anticipated this, so he turned his body around.

"Follow me."

The giant king headed towards the place where monsters lived. As they got closer, the giants' faces began to contort in discomfort. Some of them couldn't take it and collapsed to the ground.

"Is this enough?"

"Ugh."

Some of them even gagged.

A terrible feeling that shook their brains and sent shivers down their spines overwhelmed the giants.

In the end, they couldn't go any further.

The giant king took them back to the battlefield. The ones who had barely regained their sanity gasped for breath.

Something strange and terrible was lurking within the castle.

The giant king said:

"Now, do you believe?"

"Ah...".

The giants barely nodded in agreement. Although they were still uncertain about magic, they knew that something was attacking them.

That was enough.

"You are strong ones. That's why you became lords."
Here is the translation of the text:

They revered power. To govern a territory, one had to be stronger than anyone else, even the common people. They all had the strength to overcome B-grade monsters.

"Will you help me and fight against those who want to interfere with us?"

"Yes!"

They all shouted loudly.

Their eyes were gleaming with excitement.

The Giant King smiled satisfactorily.

"That's right."

The Giant King said one by one. To kill the monsters of the castle, one had to undo the seal. However, if the seal was undone, the monsters would burst out.

I called you to prevent that.

Umbra asked quietly after listening to the story.

"Your Majesty, are we the only ones gathered here?"

"The seal will be undone, and the monsters will create a powerful vibration, and I will focus on blocking it. However, those who are weaker than you will be affected by the monsters, regardless of my protection. It won't be of any help."

"Then are the monsters of the castle something you will handle, Your Majesty?"

"No. I have to focus on blocking that vibration. Someone else will deal with it."

The Giant King turned his gaze.

"Come."

Tai Shan appeared.

The giants who saw him were shocked.

"Human?"

"What about humans?"
Here is the translation of the text:

Umbrekk was calmly looking ahead, while the others were watching with skeptical and suspicious eyes.

"He's going to defeat the monster."

"But, Your Majesty. He is......"

"A human?"

The giant king remained silent, and his gaze at the mountain seemed to hold the answer.

The giant king laughed.

"Don't ask."

"This too will have to be dealt with later."

"Don't worry. Everything will end, and then we'll deal with it later."

The giant stepped forward, his hand extended to the person who had raised an objection.

"Get out of here."

The giant king looked at the mountain with a ambiguous gaze.

"A human. He seems to have some strength, but it's not enough to reach us. We are the strongest species......"

"Shut up."

The giant king scowled, his face contorted in anger.

The giant king suddenly charged, and the giant king panicked, using his arm to block his body.

The giant king swung his fist.

"Ah!"

The defense was breached, and the giant king flew away, crashing into the wall.

"...?"

Everyone's eyes widened in shock. The giant king spoke with a gloomy face.

"If you want to confirm, get out of here."

"I'll get out of here."

Umbrekk retreated.
Here is the translation of the text:

The giants' eyes gleamed.

They moved their bodies.

And the next day, no one dared to speak about the existence of Mount Tai.

* * *

Umberak came to Mount Tai with a mischievous smile.

"This is a coincidence, isn't it?"

"Hello."

"Hoho, is there a monster inside?... I'm surprised. Just as you said, it's true."

Umberak muttered to himself with a strange face.

"Then, did the god of magic directly commission you for us?"

Mount Tai nodded. Umberak smiled wryly.

"We've forgotten magic, our dignity, and the god of magic. There are many things. Then, will the god of magic still be watching over us?"

"I suppose so."

Mount Tai was also thinking about this.

The god of magic was unable to descend upon this place.

This might be due to the interference of the gods.

If that's the case, if the gods' interference disappears, will the god of magic descend upon this place?

Depending on the situation, this could be a strategy.
Tai Shan (not "태산") is a Korean name, and it seems that the text is in Korean. Here is the translation:

Tai Shan grasped the situation.

And the next day, everything was ready.