
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 181

181. The World of the Arrogant Giant (7)

Kuuuung!

The monster stretched out its tentacles to block the incoming Tai Shan.

However, the dark black waves that were receding were caught on the tentacles and created an opening for Tai Shan.

[You have activated the Vital Spot designation.] [You have activated the White Rune Shield.]

You designate the vital spot on the tentacle. The White Rune Shield rises again around Tai Shan, blocking the incoming thorns.

Tai Shan inserts its sword.

[Monster? takes 2405 damage.]

Gwwww.

The sword gets stuck in the tentacle.

Tai Shan maintains its strength.

Gwwww!

The tentacle begins to unravel and gets cut off.

At the same time, the White Rune Shields shattered.

The tentacles flew towards Tai Shan, but it didn't dodge and immediately inserted its sword into another tentacle.

[Your first attack has been invalidated.]

The stuck thorns returned. Tai Shan cut off the remaining tentacles in the gap.

Although it cut off two tentacles in one go, there were still dozens of tentacles left on the monster's body.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tai Shan moved his body calmly.

Kwa kwa kwa!

Thousands of thorns were stuck. It was impossible to avoid all attacks, so the attack nullification skill was activated again.

However, Tai Shan was not surprised.

He slowly analyzed the monster's weaknesses and, in the process, discovered one fact.

"This guy relies on his vision."

As Tai Shan's body was scratched every time it touched the debris or dust from the battle, the monster's attacks became slightly more open.

After several more experiments, Tai Shan discovered that the monster's eyes were attached to its tentacles.

If he could block the monster's vision, the attack would become much easier. Tai Shan realized this and immediately activated his skill.

[You have activated the Decarabia's twisted vegetation.]

Ku ku ku!

The roots burst out and occupied the space. The monster shot out thorns and started breaking the roots.

Tai Shan activated the small spark and wind path before the roots were completely destroyed.

The flames spread through the wind, burning the roots.

Thick smoke spread, and the burning roots blocked the sight.
Here is the translation of the text:

The Demon King was frozen in place, unable to move, as he shot out thorns. The Great Mountain, taking advantage of the opportunity, glared at him with eyes that could sense his strength and coordination. The obstacles in front of him were completely ineffective.

Pfft!

The Great Mountain sent out one of the thorns. But it was too late, as the thorns had already been shot out.

[You triggered a random blink.]

The thorns flew through the air.

The Great Mountain had already marked another location and sent out another thorn. As time passed, the number of thorns decreased, and so did the number of thorns being shot out.

The Great Mountain continued to move.

* * *

The monster was certainly strong.

The movement of the thorns was faster and stronger, and the thorns that shot out were too numerous to avoid. However, the Great Mountain had found a weakness and was not at a disadvantage.

After the battle, the Great Mountain was able to drop almost all of the thorns.

The remaining thorns shot out. The Great Mountain raised his shield with a tired expression. The thorns fell off.

"It was closer than expected."

The attack had almost been neutralized. The magic was almost exhausted, and the duration of the Sage's sustain was almost over.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Just a little longer and even Tai Shan would have been in danger, but we won't be late. 'It's over.'"

Tai Shan approached the monster and thrust his sword into its body. The monster's body shook violently.

Tai Shan held onto the sword.

The monster's body split in half, and the sword was covered in a liquid substance.

The monster's tentacles slowly lost their strength.

Tai Shan, guessing the end, turned his back on the monster and stepped away from the boundary of the seal.

And then, he felt a massive force behind him. Tai Shan quickly distanced himself from the monster.

A crack appeared on the monster's back, and just like before, a deep and powerful force burst forth from it.

"What is this...?"

Tai Shan let out a sigh. The monster's body, infused with power, began to tremble.

The torn body began to return to its original state.

The severed tentacles sprang back to life.

In the blink of an eye, the monster had returned to its original state.

"...What is this?"

The tentacles began to move again. They rose up to the sky like arms, and thousands of thorns shot out simultaneously.

Tai Shan hastily drew back his foot.

* * *
Here is the translation of the text:

The situation outside was not much different.

Giants fought with their lives on the line, and the monsters were slaughtered. Although A-class monsters were difficult for them to deal with, they could still win a little because there were battle-hardened warriors.

"Really, you're strong."

Umbra said with a mixture of astonishment and admiration. Every time the battle-hardened warriors attacked, the monsters they were fighting were defeated. It was a power that was enough to make one tremble with fear.

The giants were expecting a victory.

Uuuuung.

The tremors spread again.

Monsters poured out of the fissure in the sky.

"Again?"

As they didn't expect monsters to appear three times, the giants were bewildered. It wasn't just them, but the battle-hardened warriors were also shaken. They were even more so when they saw the current scene.

Again, dozens of A-class monsters appeared.

And behind them, a monster that looked like a slime crawling on the ground was also seen.

"...This one."

The giant king's face twitched as he watched.

"This is too much."

Uuuuung!
Here is the translation of the text:

A monster that looked like slime began to shake its body. Then, the particles that made up its body shot out like bullets.

The giants hastily grabbed their weapons and shields, but it was of no use.

Kwa-kwa-kwa!

"Ah!"

"Eh!"

The particles shattered all of their defenses and pierced their bodies.

Many giants fell without any resistance.

One of the warriors hastily jumped back. He swung his hand and released a beam of light.

Kuuuuuung!

The light hit the slime-like monster directly. It was an attack that no monster had ever withstood before.

However, the monster did not seem to receive any significant damage. Instead, it shot a particle at the warrior.

The warrior created a barrier to defend himself, but the particle pierced through the barrier. The particle grazed his arm.

"Ugh."

The warrior let out his first sigh.

A small hole was formed on his arm.

"It's dangerous."

After healing his wound with magic, the warrior gazed at the monster with his magical sight.

It was much stronger than the monsters that had appeared before.

He turned his gaze to the other warriors. The four warriors surrounded the slime-like monster and raised their hands.

Kuuuuuung!
Here is the translation of the text:

A colossal magic was crushing a monster.

It was a binding magic that restrained movement and dealt continuous damage. Although the four great generals combined their strength to suppress the monster, it did not surrender easily.

Brrr!

The monster trembled its body, and again a massive amount of viscous liquid was released. When the viscous liquid collided with the binding magic, a crack appeared. The four great generals hastily summoned their strength to make the binding magic even more solid.

While the four great generals were barely able to restrain one monster with viscous liquid, the situation of the giants who did not receive the help of the four great generals was getting worse and worse. The A-grade monsters started to trample the giants one by one.

* * *

Pabababang!

The spines were stuck.

Tae-san flew away to escape. The last remaining attack was already ineffective.

The monster shot spines at Tae-san again.

Tae-san quickly held up his shield. He felt a powerful shock through the shield.

"Ah."

Tae-san took a deep breath.

The monster was faster and stronger than before.

[This... ]
Here is the translation of the text:

The ghost thought ceaselessly about how to defeat this monster, and finally gave up with a despairing answer.

[Isn't this impossible to defeat normally?]

Despite being defeated multiple times, the monster kept regenerating. This was clearly an abnormal situation.

From the ghost's experience, this type of enemy had a few possible solutions.

Physically, it was possible to find its weak point and defeat it, or...

Alternatively, it was a type of existence that couldn't be defeated, akin to a law.

[Just enduring or finding another weak point is the correct answer, it seems.]

The unending, inexplicable enemy.

When the ghost looked at it, fighting this way was a waste of time. Moreover, they had spent a lot of resources on the previous two battles. After recovering, it would be better to fight again, according to the ghost's experience.

"Ah well."

But the giant didn't retreat.

It advanced slowly, avoiding the shooting thorns.

The giant also recalled its past experiences, one by one, just like the ghost.

An invincible enemy.

And its foundation was based on the power that burst forth from the space when the monster was in a state of crisis.
Here is the translation:

Tae-san has faced countless monsters. Among them, there were those that could regenerate and seemed to be invincible. However, there was no monster that could regenerate by receiving external power.

In other words, the regeneration of monsters was directly involved with the gods. When Tae-san thought about this, he remembered a conversation with the gods. The gods had said that excessive interference was impossible and went against the rules.

And now, he was here on a mission from the god of magic. Tae-san made a decision. He charged at the monster.

This movement revealed to the ghost that Tae-san's goal was to defeat the monster. The ghost remained silent, not uttering a word.

The choice was Tae-san's to make. If he made a judgment, he would have the right to intervene, and there would be no reason for him to do so.

And he believed that his judgment was inferior to Tae-san's judgment.
Here is the translation of the text:

Thorns are rushing in.

Tae-san is crushing the ground.

[You have triggered the leap.]

Pafabapafabap!

Thorns are stuck in the ground. Although they have successfully dodged the attack, it had no significant meaning. Thousands of thorns are flying towards Tae-san in the sky again.

They dodge the attack again with a mid-air leap.

And then, they avoid the subsequent attack with a landing and approach the monster.

But he has not approached the monster yet. The thorns are starting to swarm towards Tae-san again.

Tae-san didn't dodge.

He moves forward, focusing his mind, and his spirit becomes more fierce.

Kookook.

The aura of the sage who was controlling Tae-san was twisted. The aura itself has entered Tae-san's control.

At the same time, Tae-san felt a strong burden.

It felt like his whole body was about to burst apart as he artificially twisted the spirit that was wrapped around his body, and his body was wrapped in a massive exhaustion and fatigue.

He grits his teeth and advances.

Pafabapafabap!

The thorns pierced Tae-san's body.

But they didn't penetrate deeply. It was as if they were blocked by an invisible barrier, and Tae-san was stuck in a state where he couldn't move.
Here is the translation:

After defeating the A-grade monster and obtaining the high-spirited power as a reward, the twisted spirit arrangement began.

Ironically, the high-spirited power provided a weakness to their minions.

Tai Shan arrived at the monster's body and took a deep breath.

[You have activated mental acceleration.]

Your senses become sharper.

You feel thousands of thorns flying towards you from behind.

Tai Shan, who had focused all his mind on one point, thrust his sword deep into the monster's body.