
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 184

184. 38th Floor (1)

The proficiency of the concept skill has exceeded 40%.

As a result, a specific word has been added to the skill's name.

However, I have no idea what it means.

"I'll raise my proficiency and see if that solves the problem."

Moreover, there was an even more important part.

While raising my proficiency, I realized I could adjust my own will.

In reality, as my proficiency rose, I sensed a mysterious feeling from Tai-san. I vaguely understood how to use it, but I couldn't guess what kind of effect it would have.

So, I decided to experiment with it.

The monster on the 38th floor was a knight who wielded a sword. The monster, holding the sword, quickly rushed towards Tai-san.

Tai-san looked at the monster and summoned the new feeling he had gained.

The feeling enveloped the knight.

In that instant, the knight shrunk back. Then, he held up his sword and assumed a defensive stance, as if he thought Tai-san was about to attack him.

"What's going on?"

Tai-san muttered to himself and summoned the feeling again.
Here is the translation of the text:

As he shot the skill at the knight, the knight quickly retreated. Taesan watched the knight, who seemed to be responding to his own attacks, and realized the ability of the skill.

The new concept skill's ability was that it could move according to his will.

Taesan spread his intention to attack the monster, and the monster moved to block the attack. But Taesan didn't move at all.

The knight continued to advance, clutching his sword, but Taesan moved his intention to pressure the knight. The knight couldn't do anything and was pushed to the wall.

A thought occurred to Taesan's mind.

"The concept skill is a regulation of intention."

The distorted mental state enhancement regulates the mental state.

And three proofs that Taesan had accumulated and spread out.

What he accumulated was both a mental state and a kind of intention.

After thinking, Taesan simultaneously activated the three skills. At the same time, physical pressure spread out in all directions, enough to crush someone weak.

Taesan regulated the power that was spreading out from himself.

Then, the power became solidified and moved.

Kuooong!
Here is the translation:

The reporter crashed into the wall with a loud thud. It seemed like he had received a significant shock, and he was struggling to maintain his balance.

"Is this like a martial arts novel?"

He moved his will to attack his opponent, a concept often seen in martial arts novels from Earth. It felt similar.

"It's fine, I think."

[It seems to be above average.]

Just by moving his will, the 38th-floor monster was unable to resist and was being tossed around.

Of course, the gap between him and the monster was huge, and it was possible that he wouldn't be able to deal significant damage to a stronger enemy.

However, as his will adjustment and concept skill proficiency improved, and Tai Shan became stronger, the influence of the three proofs increased, and it was uncertain what would happen.

One drawback was the fatigue caused by the will adjustment. But after using it multiple times, he had become accustomed to it, so it wasn't as severe as before.

The change in concept skills was satisfying.

This time, it was his turn to test his magic.

[You have activated the Frost Arrow.]

Zzzt, zzzt.
Here is the translation:

The cold air poured into the room. This cold air was vastly different from the one before. It was so cold that just existing made the skin and internal organs feel like they were frozen.

Just as the knight, who had barely gotten up, was swinging his sword and rushing forward, Taesan shot a frost arrow.

Ah!

The frost arrow struck the knight's sword and sent it flying away, piercing the knight's body.

[Dealt 736 damage to the knight with a sword.]

A large hole was torn in the knight's armor.

The armor began to slowly freeze around that spot, and the knight's movements became stiff. Soon, the knight was completely frozen.

Taesan nodded his head.

The god of magic increased his magical proficiency. Moreover, due to the robe, his magical power increased by 40.

As a result, the damage from magic increased significantly, and there were significant changes in every aspect, including power and speed.

Of course, that was not enough to explain this power.

After repeated use, the proficiency of the frost arrow also exceeded 40%.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Elemental Magic: Frostbolt" [Consumes Mana: 6] [Proficiency: 41%] [Frostbolt is launched. The bigger the difference in immunity, the greater the damage. It attempts to apply a status effect "Statue" to the target. The strong coldness instantly freezes everything it touches.]

"I've waited a long time."

Frostbolt was the most frequently used magic among the magic learned by Taesan. It was because it was a magic that could exceed average performance in any situation.

However, it took a long time to surpass the proficiency of 40%. It was said to be a notorious magic that would not increase in proficiency.

But its power was sufficient to justify its reputation. A 38th-floor knight was frozen stiff by a single Frostbolt and couldn't move at all.

"I think I can descend to the 50th floor just with magic."

It seemed that the power was sufficient, as long as there was no interference from trials or guides.

Zzz...

The knight managed to break free from the ice and emerged. Taesan shook his hand lightly at the stumbling knight.

[You have activated the Spread of Ice Crystals.]

A basic magic that scatters a large amount of ice crystals. Although it was a magic that dealt little damage and hindered the opponent's movement, it had not been effective until now.

Kaga!

However, with increased proficiency and new items obtained, things were different now. The knight trapped in the ice crystals could not escape.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Hah! Hah!

The mountain moved towards the article being pounded with all one's might.

There was still something to be confirmed.

[You have triggered the pursuit.]

Knock knock.

A faint magical aura was rising from the article's chest.

At the same time, the Algar ones scattered all around were flying towards the magical aura.

Zzzt! Zzzt! Zzzt!

The article's body shook greatly, having been directly hit by countless Algar ones. It looked like it was about to collapse at any moment.

The mountain, which had been watching the process, lit up its eyes.

"This is fine."

[Basic Magic: Pursuit] [Consumed Mana: 40] [Mastery: 1%] [Designates a specific part of the target. Subsequent magic attacks will be directed towards the designated location according to the user's will.]

The Pursuit skill allowed oneself to specify one's own location and connect special magic such as random blinking.

However, Pursuit was more useful for attacking magic because it could be designated even when the target was far away.

[You have triggered the Frost Arrow.]

Zzzt!"

Note: The text appears to be a scene from a fantasy game or story, with magical elements and a protagonist who is using various skills and abilities.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san shot the Ice Lance to the left and right. The Ice Lance, which was heading in a completely different direction from the knight, suddenly changed its trajectory and pierced the knight.

The knight could no longer withstand the attack and fell to the ground.

[You have defeated the knight with a sword in hand.]

Overall, it was a satisfying change. There was a sense of accomplishment from having defeated a monster after a long struggle.

However, the most important thing was still the mid-level magic "Frozen World" skill.

[Mid-level magic: Frozen World] [Mana consumption: 300] [Proficiency: 1%] [It brings a coldness that can freeze everything. It is still not strong enough to show its true power.]

It was the first mid-level magic I obtained.

Its power was so great that it could instantly freeze the monster's tentacles, which even Tae-san, who was not afraid of monsters, could not ignore.

However, it was not strong enough. As I expected, it would become even stronger as my proficiency increased.

But the mana consumption was incredibly high. Even Tae-san, who had never experienced mana shortages before, had to worry about running out of mana after using the Frozen World skill a few times.

However, it was a powerful skill that could bring a significant variable to future battles.

Thinking about the variable, my thoughts naturally turned to one skill after another.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Special permanent skill: Distorted Spirit Control] [Proficiency: 4%] [Distorted existences can control their own spirits by twisting them. By bearing a heavy burden, they can control the spirits that have been imprinted on themselves.]

This skill was obtained after defeating the demonic creature, Goshin, and rising to a new level. The proficiency has increased again after defeating the demonic creature, Baharia.

"It's a good skill, but..."

If this skill didn't exist, victory would have been extremely difficult.

Using this skill, I twisted my spirit to defend against the monster's attack. Without this skill, victory would have been impossible.

However, the burden was considerable.

At that time, I felt a crushing fatigue and exhaustion that was unbearable, even for a mountain. Although the burden was slightly reduced when I used it again, I still felt a significant fatigue.

[Isn't it fortunate that it ended like that? Originally, it was a power that was not allowed for mortals.]

A ghost said.

[Even saints cannot twist or control their spirits. Only transcendent beings and immortals can do so. If a weak person tries, they will be crushed by their spirits and die immediately.]

"That's it, right?"

[That's it. Touching on the spirit means...]
Note: Goshin and Baharia seem to be names of demonic creatures in a fantasy story, and "사도" (Sado) may refer to a saint or a holy person. The text appears to be a dialogue between a protagonist and a ghost, discussing a special skill that allows the protagonist to control their spirit.
Here is the translation of the text:

"This was a skill that needed to be used carefully. However, as long as I just kept the pace, it was also a very useful skill."

Taisan, who had confirmed the overall situation, broke through the passage again.

"Now I need to go down a bit."

Recently, Taisan had been unable to properly clear the floors due to various reasons such as clearing the trials of the gods and returning to the earth, and now he had only reached the 30th floor, but he could already see that he was still on the 38th floor.

Although he had obtained many things, he couldn't help but feel that he had stagnated compared to before.

So, for the time being, he planned to focus on breaking through the floors.

Taisan swung his sword at the monster that appeared before him, and the knight fell to the ground.

* * *

Taisan easily broke through the floors.

As usual, the monster was unable to block him. By continuing to explore the floors, he could also obtain unexpected benefits.

[The second class of the mage's effect has been activated. Your magic has increased by 2 levels.]

The people of the earth, including humans, have obtained new magic. And as they become stronger, Taisan can also obtain magic.

[The authority of the sword has been activated. The proficiency of the sword ability has increased by 1%.]

"I'm doing well."
Here is the translation of the text:

Even if he stayed still, his abilities were increasing. It would be difficult to find a more enjoyable thing than this.

[His proficiency in divine power increased by 1%.]

"This is unnecessary, I suppose."

Tai Shan muttered to himself as he continued moving forward.

He searched for the secret room and collected the reward. The reward was a pair of shoes. Since they were not as good as the ones he was currently wearing, he put them in his inventory.

[The effect of the Adventurer title activated. The reward from the secret room is doubled.]

"Ah."

The shoes increased to two pairs.

Tai Shan laughed and put both pairs in his inventory.

Continuing to move forward, Tai Shan soon encountered the boss.

The boss was a knight who wielded two swords. Tai Shan swung his sword at the knight.

Thud.

The two swords were stuck in Tai Shan's hand.

Tai Shan knocked the knight down and sent him flying into the wall. Tai Shan approached the knight, stabbed him in the chest, and summoned a series of ice arrows.

The knight fell like that.
Here is the translation of the text:

[The Pendant of Command] [Magic + 15] [Intelligence + 20] [A pendant favored by great wizards. The pendant with special magical processing can store a spell.]

[One can store a spell and use it at will. However, it cannot store extremely powerful spells.]

It was a unique pendant with a storage function. I tried to store a mid-level spell, but it didn't work due to the limitations.

Although the pendant's magic attributes were higher than the one I was wearing, I replaced it.

And, a secret reward.

[I used it.] [I obtained a simple ring of self.] [Simple Ring of Self] [Strength + 40] [Agility + 40] [Intelligence + 40] [A ring made by a big shot who dislikes complicated things. If a more powerful person had handled it, it could have had better effects, but the big shot was satisfied with this.]

The original ring I was using was a equipment that increased all stats by 15. Since it was a higher-level equipment, I replaced it.

This was the end of the 38th floor.

I headed down immediately.

The 39th floor started.

[Start of 39th Floor Quest.] [Defeat the boss of the 39th floor and pass through.] [Reward: Lightning Rune] [Secret Reward: ???]