
Here is the translation:

Chapter 185

185. 39th Floor (2)

As Taesan was walking down the floor, he thought of Halfaran.

"Should I go soon?"

He had entrusted a production request to the map a long time ago. He thought it might be a good idea to check on the progress, but Yu-ryeong stopped him.

["Maybe it's better not to go. I have a headache right now. If I go, I'll just get in the way."]

"What?"

["He's not made equipment at that level before. It's a matter of surpassing his own limitations, but he has no time to spare. It's better for you to go later for your own sake."]

Even Yu-ryeong's words didn't make Taesan think about going. The shop owner at the entrance of the 39th floor asked him.

"Is there something you want to buy?"

"I don't know? The things I'm selling are useful, but they're not necessarily essential."

Note: Please keep in mind that this is a translation of a fictional text, and the context and characters may not be familiar to non-Korean readers.
Here is the translation of the text:

The shop owner was selling goods that were all at the level of luxury items, but among the equipment that Tai-san was equipped with, there was not one that did not reach that level.

"If a better item comes in, I'll think about it."

"Understood."

Tai-san walked past the shop owner and continued forward.

When he arrived at the room, he found a knight holding a great sword.

Taah!

The knight, who was stronger than the ones Tai-san had met before, swung the great sword with a powerful force, as if he was going to cut Tai-san's head off.

Tai-san swung his sword to deflect the great sword, and then grabbed the wobbling knight's arm and swung it around.

Kwaang!

The knight flew to the wall and fell.

After struggling to get up, Tai-san kicked the knight down and delivered the final blow.

Kwajik.

The knight fell to the ground.

Tai-san calmly broke through the puzzle.

No one could stop him.

As Tai-san was about to take off the knight's arm, he mumbled to himself.

"I'd like to learn a new skill soon."

A ghostly voice said:

[Is that enough?]
[Are you satisfied?]
Here is the translation of the text:

In the labyrinth, the value of skills was extremely high, but it was difficult to obtain them. Even after fully exploring a domain, it was not uncommon for someone to obtain no skills.

When thinking about this, the number of skills obtained by Taesan was unimaginable, even from the perspective of a ghost who had explored the depths of the labyrinth.

"[Do you have a hundred skills or so right now?]"

"I didn't count, but it should be around that."

"... Ah, indeed."

The ghost let out a cynical laugh.

However, Taesan now had more skills than when he first entered the labyrinth.

But he still felt a lack.

"[Isn't it too greedy? Satisfaction is also important.]"

"No, it's not."

Taesan was still not satisfied.

"All the recent skills I obtained were rewards from quests, you know."

The intermediate magic was certainly impressive. The dark magic was the same.

However, all of them were skills given by God after passing the trial, not skills created by Taesan as he explored the labyrinth.

The skills he had created himself, such as time stop, multiplication, and absolute judgment, were absolute values that he was proud of.

He wanted to obtain those.
However, the skills became more difficult to learn as their value increased. It wasn't just a matter of difficulty, but also the condition of meeting the requirements.

To learn the addition skill, one had to use perseverance to swing the sword in the same stance without moving, and increase the damage by two times.

Moreover, it was not just a simple monster, but a multitude of monsters aiming at the Taesan, and one had to meet the condition of defeating them.

Other skills were not much different. Even if Taesan had extremely high stats and knew the method, it was not easy to learn.

Therefore, Taesan had not learned most of the skills, which were much stronger than those in his previous life.

Taesan put aside his regret and continued to explore the labyrinth.

After easily clearing the secret room, Taesan obtained a reward.

[Pa-room's Consciousness Sword] [Attack power + 50] [A sword used by Pa-room, an ancient being, to offer sacrifices to the gods. Due to the malevolent aura infused in the sword's blade, wounds inflicted by it are difficult to recover from.]

The sword had the ability to make wounds difficult to recover from. As Taesan had not had a moment to recover from the wounds in his previous battles, he did not feel the need for it and put the sword away in his inventory.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It feels like I'm having a hard time getting better equipment."

[You're thinking about the equipment you currently have, aren't you? Some of them can still be used even after reaching the depths, so it's natural.]

As they continued to move forward with such conversations.

And eventually, they reached the boss.

[A knight who had been consumed by the deep underground appeared.]

The knight was surrounded by a dark aura.

The knight who discovered the mountain let out a rough shout.

The loud shout echoed throughout the room, and the mountain hummed in response.

"It's noisy."

The knight's words seemed to have reached the mountain, and it stopped shouting. Then, it charged forward, its movements like those of a wild beast. It was even faster than the knights that had come before.

But that was all.

The mountain drew its sword and aimed it at the charging knight. The knight was unable to dodge the attack and fell to the ground.

Kwaah!

[The knight who had been consumed by the deep underground took 2453 points of damage. It's an impossible damage, no matter when you look at it.]
Here is the translation of the text:

The ghost was amazed. The powerful attack of Tai Shan, who linked many skills such as powerful blows, rapid designation, and addition, exceeded imagination. Therefore, even the knights with solid defense on the 30th floor could not withstand a few blows.

Suddenly.

Despite the fierce attack, the knight quickly got up. Tai Shan lowered his sword again.

The knight fell to the ground again.

But this time, the knight rushed at Tai Shan again.

Looking at the knight rushing at him like he hadn't taken any damage, Tai Shan raised an eyebrow.

"This is strange."

Kachang!

Tai Shan dodged the knight's sword and stabbed it deep into his chest. The damage exceeded 3,000. A normal monster would have been severely injured.

However, the knight's movements did not change.

It was the same as when they first fought, and the knight continued to rush at Tai Shan.

Tai Shan pushed the knight away.

"Let's see."

Tai Shan looked at the knight with a puzzled expression. He should have been affected by the damage, but there was no sign of it.

[You have triggered the essence perception.]

At the same time as the skill was triggered, he could sense things about the knight.

"'A knight consumed by the Muderous Tomb.'"
Here is the translation of the text:

Deep and profound, the knight's essence was consumed by the unknown space, and when it returned, it had lost its intelligence and became a being akin to an animal.

As a result, the knight transformed into an unyielding existence that could not be killed by any wound.

However, even such a knight had a weakness.

"'Is it the small part of the waist?'"

When it fell into the abyss, something seemed to block the consumption of its vitality, and only the small part of the waist was not consumed. It seemed that this part was the weakness of the 39th floor boss.

[I see. Well, it's not easy to see.]

The small part of the waist was different in color. With just a little observation, anyone could see its appearance.

If only I focused on the 39th floor, I thought the ghost would directly deal with the knight and descend to the 40th floor.

However, the ghost drew its sword.

And began to dodge the knight's attack calmly.

[What are you doing?]

"Maybe there will be something to gain if I do well."

The ghost analyzed the knight's movements one by one. It checked the patterns of movement, types of sword skills, speed, and strength. It confirmed everything.

"It's possible."

The ghost completed its final confirmation process.

[You have activated the vital point designation.]
Here is the translation of the text:

Taisan designated the vital spot on his chest and stabbed the sword into it. The knight was sent flying backward.

The knight charged in as if he hadn't been hit at all.

Designating the vital spot didn't seem to affect the rest of the body, except for the nape of the neck, which didn't take any damage.

It seemed possible.

Taisan grasped the sword and focused his mind.

* * *

The ghost noticed Taisan's movement.

[Want to get a new skill?]

Taisan had obtained skills in this way before, so the ghost could easily guess. Taisan nodded slightly.

[What's this time? I'm curious]

"Direct hit."

[Direct hit?]

The ghost thought about the meaning hidden inside and was taken aback.

[...Is that what I'm thinking?]

"It'll probably be a hit."

Kuung!

The knight charged in.

Taisan quickly analyzed the knight's movement and launched a skill. He read the trajectory of the swinging sword and activated the skill.

[You have launched the vital spot designation.]

Taisan designates the vital spot on the knight's shoulder area.

Then, he dodges the attack and accurately strikes the designated vital spot.

Kaang!
Here is the translation:

The horse's body swayed greatly. Although it had suffered tens of thousands of points of damage, the horse seemed to be unaffected and galloped forward again.

Tae-san dodged again and designated the horse's vital spot.

Kaang!

And then, Tae-san struck the designated vital spot.

The horse stumbled and fell.

"Now, three times."

Tae-san silently counted the number of times.

The horse galloped forward again and Tae-san's vital spot designation activated once more.

"[Do you need to hit the vital spot again?]"

"Yes."

"[Is it similar to adding? What's the count?]"

"I don't remember exactly, but it's probably around 100 times."

With Tae-san's words that the vital spot needed to be hit 100 times, the ghost let out a hollow laugh.

"[Are there any skills or interference besides attacks?]"

"Of course, it's impossible. Even if I suppress the horse and only target the vital spot, it will still fail."

"[This is crazy. It will take a lot of time.]"

Kaang!

Tae-san's sword struck the horse again. The fourth time. Tae-san spoke quietly.

A skill that can be obtained by hitting the vital spot 100 times in a row. Piercing.

However, most enemies die before they can reach the count. The vital spot itself deals great damage, and there is no monster that can withstand that many hits.
Here is the translation of the text:

If it existed, it was only a monster that could be killed if specific conditions were met, just like the one in front of him.

It was impossible to predict when such a monster would appear again, so he thought he would take this opportunity to get a firm grip.

Tai Shan continued to wield his sword.

He repeatedly pinpointed the vital spot and struck it. Since he had to start over from the beginning every time he blocked the opponent's attack, he had to dodge unconditionally.

He could easily succeed for about ten times.

However, the monster's movements changed suddenly.

It moved erratically, dodging Tai Shan's attacks or trying to evade them. "Does it have intelligence?"

[I think I've grasped your strategy, but I don't know what it is.]

It wasn't a peculiar thing. Most monsters in this place had some degree of intelligence. And Tai Shan was repeatedly repeating the obvious action of pinpointing the vital spot and attacking it.

A countermeasure of this level was something a monster could also do.

Tai Shan pinpointed the vital spot of the approaching knight, which was the abdomen.
Here is the translation of the text:

As the knight landed on the ground, he lowered his body. It was impossible to attack the knight's stomach with a normal attack.

Even if he tried to target the vital spot again, it was clear that the knight would react in the same way. If he targeted the arm, he would protect it; if he targeted the leg, he would protect it. It was a clever response that made it difficult to launch an attack.

But it didn't matter.

The knight in front of him had the intelligence to respond to his attack, so he should adjust his strategy accordingly.

A sense of determination surged towards Tai Shan.

The knight could feel Tai Shan's fierce momentum aiming at his throat. Instinctively, he twisted his body to protect his throat, and his stomach was exposed naturally.

Tai Shan struck his exposed stomach.

The knight was slammed against the wall with a loud thud. Tai Shan muttered to himself.

"Eighty-four more."