
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 189

189. 40th floor. The Demon's Child (3)

The exploration is over. The Taesan's movement has become even faster. He unfurls his swordsmanship and ability sword.

Kaang!

Quanved also responds with his own swordsmanship.

His swordsmanship has no center. It's just wild and uncoordinated.

But it's tricky. The Quanved's sword aimed at Taesan's head suddenly deviates from its course. Taesan reads the deviation and blocks it.

Kaang!

And then Quanved pushes his body against Taesan, limiting his movement. He twists his sword to bite Taesan's shoulder.

Taesan twists his body to dodge and Quanved swings his sword again.

Unstructured floor swordsmanship. But it's tricky. The movements are perfectly linked, and Taesan is slowly being pushed back.

Taesan takes a step back and creates some distance. Quanved quickly follows.

"It seems you have talent."

Taesan thought. Quanved's swordsmanship seemed to be imperfect at first glance. But compared to the ability sword, excluding the linked skills, it's not far off.
Here is the translation of the text:

I've already torn apart the scars of the storm, so it's not impossible for me to make something on my own, given my talent. Talent is above Mount Tai. It's hard to win purely through strength. Now is the time to use his advantage.

Mount Tai rushed over like a madman.

Quan De didn't defend and launched a sudden attack. Mount Tai poured out a fierce sword attack towards Quan De.

At first glance, it seemed like Mount Tai was getting impatient and moved his body greatly to push Quan De back. There was a big opening, and Quan De could take the initiative if he counterattacked.

But Quan De's expression turned ambiguous for a moment, and then he drew his sword.

Ka ka ka!

The swords clashed. Mount Tai continued to move his body greatly to push Quan De back.

Quan De took a defensive stance instead of counterattacking. He blocked the attack and created distance.

Mount Tai let out a small snarl and lifted his body.

Quan De's sword struck Mount Tai.

[Your first attack has been nullified.]

Quan De's body returned to its previous state before the sword strike. His pupils dilated suddenly due to the sudden physical movement.

"Kuah!"
Here is the translation of the text:

The sword of Taesan pierced his chest.

He let out a sigh for the first time.

He twisted his body to minimize the damage, brought his elbow down to deflect Taesan's sword, and widened the distance.

[Dealt 403 damage to Quaned.]

Tuuu!

The distance was widened.

Taesan's face contorted in dissatisfaction.

"This is what you've understood?"

The nullification of the attack was a selfish exchange. He could eliminate the attack targeting himself and attack his opponent at will, making them confused.

He thought he could gain a great advantage by using this, but Quaned's response was faster than he had imagined.

When he saw Taesan charging at him, he realized that something was strange and tried to dodge the attack, forcing his body to fit into the nullification, but it took some time to do so. He hit the attack, but it was not enough to satisfy Taesan's expectations.

"What's that?"

However, Quaned was in a state of great surprise, being Quaned.

Although he hit the attack, the attack disappeared. Moreover, his physical time went back to the beginning.

The many skills he obtained were the first level of skills he had ever seen.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Look for yourself."

Taesan was attacked again. Quanede hastily began to defend himself.

Ka ka ka!

Quanede's movements were more cautious than before. It seemed that he was thinking of taking small attacks rather than aiming to hit Taesan directly.

It seemed that he was careful not to trigger the attack invalidation again.

"Ha."

Taesan smiled.

It was the first time someone had perfectly grasped the attack invalidation while descending from the labyrinth.

Taesan's shoes had the ability to leave a curse at the place where he stepped, and he was avoiding all of it.

Ka ka ka!

Quanede scattered his sword strikes and waved his hand.

[Quanede had activated the gray mist veil inherited from Ronove.]

The ceiling of the labyrinth opened. Black liquid-like substances began to fall like rain from there.

[You had activated Seir's black wind.]

Pffft!

The wind scattered the mist veils and spread them out.

However, the mist veils, despite being blocked by the wind, began to fall to where they were supposed to fall.
Here is the translation of the text:

Qianghan, who possessed strong physical powers, focused on protecting his body. Kuande took advantage of the opening and attacked.

[Your second attack was invalidated.]

Kuande's body returned to its original state.

The moment the attack was invalidated, Taesan dropped his defense and stabbed Kuande's back with his sword.

[602 damage to Kuande.]

He normally dealt damage.

However, Taesan's expression was not bright. He had missed the opportunity to deal damage over 600, which was a loss.

Of course, it was not the case from Kuande's perspective. Receiving damage for skills one by one was absurd.

"How many more are there?"

Kuande muttered to himself and readied himself again.

The falling rain had already stopped. Taesan looked at Kuande.

"There's no obvious weakness."

So far, the guides he had faced had each had a weak point. But this one was different.

His swordsmanship was also top-notch. The way he handled it was exceptional, and he could assess the situation calmly.

And his black magic level was also quite high. He probably had most of the activated skills, including the ones that began with "Hushi".
Here is the translation of the text:

It was almost as if he had unlimited abilities.

He was like Mount Tai.

"I'm a hero!"

"I won't back down."

Cornelius spoke with great confidence, and his voice was impossible to hide.

Only those who have overcome countless difficulties and hardships with their own strength can utter such confident words.

Mount Tai smiled wryly.

"Good."

In reality, winning was easy.

It was as simple as writing a Sijo.

Even if Cornelius was exceptional, he couldn't defeat the power of the gods. He would collapse under the pressure and lose. He would struggle, but in the end, he would be defeated by the exhaustion.

But that was not interesting. Most importantly, he didn't train.

"This too is a form of training."

Mount Tai muttered to himself and charged forward.

[You have activated acceleration.]

Suddenly, Mount Tai's movements accelerated, and Cornelius quickly responded. He drew his sword to block the attack.

[You have activated a powerful blow.]

Kaang!

The sword clashed, and Cornelius's body was pushed back slightly.
Here is the translation of the text:

But Quane didn't look surprised. It was a skill he had seen many times before. He grasped his sword and blocked the attack once again.

Ka-a-a!

"Ha!"

But this time, he couldn't help but look surprised.

It seemed as if the energy of the skill was still lingering on his sword, even after it had ended. Taesan swung his sword again.

Kaga-kaga!

Quane was pushed back again, but it was only for a moment. He calmly began to respond.

[Quane activated his aura variation.]

Wooo-wooo.

The fluctuating aura surrounded Quane. He swung his sword, but its trajectory was forced to deviate.

'Is this a sustained flow?'

Taesan didn't know this skill. The trajectory of the attack didn't reach Quane.

But Taesan lifted his foot.

[You activated your whirlwind.]

The sword that was bent by the aura flew towards Quane by force.

Quane, who was preparing to counterattack, was startled and tried to block it.

[You activated your flow.]

But Quane's sword was forcibly torn away.

In the end, he was unable to block and allowed the attack to hit him.

[Quane took 703 damage.]

"Kk!"

Quane let out a sigh. His eyes were filled with confusion and dismay.
Here is the translation of the text:

"What's this?"

The skill only attacks physically, and I couldn't imagine it being applied to the sword.

Cwaneed counterattacked. He stabbed Taesan's chest with his sword.

[You have activated the counter.]

The body moved to block the sword.

And Taesan counterattacked, but Cwaneed blocked it.

Cwaneed swung his sword again.

The conditions for the counter were met.

Taesan's sword ignored Cwaneed's attack and hit his shoulder.

"What, what's going on?"

Cwaneed grasped his shoulder and retreated.

The results were completely different from what he knew.

He might have been mistaken again, but Cwaneed quickly ended the situation.

The opponent changed their skill, and he couldn't quickly grasp what kind of change it was, so he widened the distance between them.

He gave up on the approach and waved his hand.

His style was not just one skill.

[Cwaneed activated Paladin's Shadow's Haze.]

The haze spread out like a beast's claws, leaving tracks on all sides.
Here is the translation of the text:

Quaned knew that Taesan had mastered black magic and magic. However, Taesan was a human, while Quaned was a demon. Quaned judged that he was superior in handling black magic.

Quaned thought that he could suppress Taesan by linking his black magic, and his judgment was not wrong. In fact, he was unable to defeat Taesan in a frontal attack.

However, just because his judgment was not wrong did not mean it was correct.

As the darkness crept in, Taesan clenched his fist.

[You have activated Marbas's Black Wave.]

A space opened up around Taesan, and a black wave surged up and rose. The wave engulfed the darkness. The darkness let out a howl like an animal and resisted, but the wave crushed everything and swallowed it whole.

"What?"

Quaned's eyes widened in shock, thinking that there was no way to counter his black magic.

Taesan rushed towards Quaned, accompanied by the crashing wave.

Quaned hastily backed away, waving his hands.

[Quaned has activated Eligos's Thorn of Roses.]
Here is the translation of the text:

The spines scattered all over the place. The power contained within was so immense that it could even crush and trample waves.

Tae-san responded to this.

[You activated the twisted vegetation of Dekaravia.]

Kuku-guu-gung!

The roots sprouted and filled the room.

Of course, it was impossible to stop the spines. Even with black magic, there was a clear difference in power, and the twisted vegetation was at the lower end. The spines created holes one by one.

However, it was enough to slightly alter its trajectory.

Tae-san took advantage of the gap created by its altered trajectory and charged in.

Kwane-dae had no choice but to draw his sword.

Kwane-dae.

[Dealt 864 damage to Kwane-dae.]

Kwane-dae didn't even make a sound. He just kept thinking about how to shake off Tae-san without flinching.

He used various skills such as "Flow" and "Counter" to create distance and try to gain the upper hand.

However, Tae-san didn't fall. It responded with its skills and movements, attacking Kwane-dae while clinging to his body.

It's hard to gain the upper hand in a close-range battle. Even the black magic he thought was superior was not superior.

The situation was desperate, but Kwane-dae didn't give up.
Here is the translation of the text:

As he descended into the labyrinth, he had encountered numerous obstacles and trials. He had thought that all his cards were against him and that it was really the end more than once.

However, he had overcome all those trials with his skills and abilities, and had even leaped to a higher level than before.

Quan was confident that he would do the same this time and did not doubt it.

He focused his mind. He jumped up from the ground to the sky, clenching his fist.

[Quan activated Eligos's thorn of the rose.]

The thorns were scattered and began to fall again. However, their speed and quantity were qualitatively different from before.

The speed of each thorn was different, and the quantity was twice as much as before. It seemed impossible to evade them.

"Ahh..."

Quan let out an unconscious groan.

Dark magic can adjust its power as it consumes magical energy. It's not just about increasing power, but also controlling the fine details of dark magic.

However, it was too difficult and complex a task for Quan, who had not been able to do it until now. He had thought that even after a lot of training, he could only barely touch it.

But he had overcome the difficult task that he thought he couldn't do.
Here is the translation of the text:

He had reached an even higher dimension again.

Taesan gazed at the thorns falling from above like a waterfall.

The power contained in each one was enormous, and it was impossible to blow them away like the wind.

So, he could only crush them. Holding all the trajectories of the thorns in his mind, he drew his sword.

[You have activated the "Flood" ability.]

He hurled one thorn and jumped.

He moved the tip of his sword. The trajectory of the thorn that was in contact with him began to twist.

And thus, the twisted thorn collided with another thorn.

Arrows sprouted from Taesan's body. Although not strong enough to crush the thorn, it was enough to distort its trajectory.

Each thorn moved away from its original position. Like the ebbing of the tide, the thorns began to disappear one by one from the place where Taesan was advancing.

Quand's pupils expanded with excitement.

Taesan's sword pierced his chest.