
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 190

190. 40th floor. The Child of the Demon (4)

"Ugh!"

Kuangde took a few steps back, his eyes darting back and forth. His pupils were trembling.

"What's going on...?"

The approach wasn't working. Therefore, he used dark magic, relying on his superiority as a demon.

However, even that dark magic was foiled.

The last card he had trusted was shattered.

"...!"

Kuangde bit his lip. His mind was about to collapse from powerlessness.

It wasn't over yet.

Kuangde moved his body.

Ka-ka-ka!

Taisan laughed coldly as he watched Kuangde rush towards him. All the guides he had faced before had collapsed and moved weakly. But Kuangde showed no signs of weakness.

"This is an adventure."

Taisan was thinking of giving him a corresponding response.

Ka-ang!

The spear is trembling. It's making a loud, fiery spark, trying to pierce through each other.

[You have activated "Falling Rain".]
Here is the translation of the text:

Quanede's sword clashed with Taesan's sword, causing it to shake greatly.

Quanede did not just stand still and waited for Taesan's response.

[Quanede activated his counterattack.]

Quanede's body naturally moved, and the shaking sword was immediately adjusted to clash with Taesan's sword.

Taesan's response was simple.

Taesan also activated his counterattack.

Quanede.

"What's going on?"

Quanede ignored his own defense and allowed the attack to hit him, then took a few steps back.

"What's going on?"

Originally, the counterattack should only be activated when the attack hits the opponent's body. However, Taesan's counterattack was activated as soon as the attack hit his sword.

The counterattack was also different from what he knew.

Therefore, he was unable to respond properly and had to take damage.

"Uh."

Quanede's eyes widened as he raised his hand. At the same time, the aura of determination emanating from Quanede changed.

Taesan, who had read Quanede's intentions, activated his magic before Quanede did.

[You have activated the spread of sparks.] [You have activated the pursuit.]
Here is the translation of the text:

The impurities flew towards Quane in all directions. Quane, who was trying to manifest black magic, failed to achieve his goal and hastily moved away.

Terrifying!

Quane was relentlessly pushed back.

But he did not give up. He desperately sought a way and worked hard to win.

And then, the Great Mountain crushed everything.

“Ah.”

Quane, who had become completely exhausted, leaned against the wall and let out a forced laugh.

It was really dangerous.

Although there had been countless hardships and trials up until now, there was never a time when things had come to this point.

"This is the end."

Quane gathered his strength.

A huge demon descended.

[Quane summoned the young demons of Belial.]

Suddenly, darkness covered the entire space. Quane spat out blood and magical energy.

His body swayed greatly. He barely managed to hold onto his collapsing body and muttered to himself.

"If this can't be done, then I'll have to admit it."

Kuuhuh!

In the open darkness, countless demons appeared. They, like monstrous creatures, approached the Great Mountain with their claws and fangs.

It was as if the very hell itself had descended. The demons that appeared were so powerful that they could easily handle the Great Mountain.
Here is the translation of the text:

They charge towards Taesan in dozens.

Taesan has given strength to his legs.

[You have triggered a frozen world.]

The cold air sweeps through the darkness, and frost begins to form on the bodies of the charging beasts. The darkness that has invaded the space begins to be covered with ice.

Kaa!

The beasts howl and struggle to avoid freezing, but all their resistance is crushed by the cold.

The ice has covered the room. The beasts have frozen in place, still charging. The only things moving are Taesan and Kwaneud.

Kwaneud can barely withstand the cold that is seeping into his entire body and cannot counterattack.

"I'm done."

Kwaneud nodded calmly, his head bowed. Taesan's sword had pierced him.

* * *

"It was fun."

Taesan murmured to himself, looking at the fallen Kwaneud.

A battle where pure strength and skills are displayed, with each side launching a counterattack.

It was a pleasure to feel the thrill of battle again. It was a very satisfying fight.

"Really? That's a relief."

(Note: This is a fictional scene with fantasy elements, and the translation is intended to convey the story and emotions conveyed by the original text.)
Here is the translation of the text:

Quanede spoke without changing his expression, as if he had given up fighting and showed no sign of struggling. "I won't resist, surprisingly."

"I'll try, but..."

Quanede raised his arm, which was trembling like an old man's.

For the mages, magic was not just a simple numerical value like mana. When all their magic was exhausted, they would be in a state almost as weak as exhaustion.

He had used all the magic he had been holding onto to use the young beasts of Belial.

This was blocked by the magic of Tai Shan in an instant.

Now, even if he wanted to resist, he didn't have the strength to do so.

Quanede gazed at Tai Shan with an admiring expression.

"...Fierce."

The leaders of the guides were also incredibly strong, like monsters. Each of them had the power to crush someone like Quanede with just one finger.

However, Quanede thought that this was because they had come down from a higher level first.

Their abilities, their skills were not surpassing his. He could tell every time he met them. They were not born with a significant difference compared to himself, but rather he was superior to them.
Here is the translation of the text:

First, I thought that I had taken many things and that there would be a big difference when I reached the depths. But I didn't think that way about Tae-san.

Even though I was above him, I was overwhelmed by him. Each of Tae-san's cards was difficult to respond to, and his strongest power was powerless against Tae-san's power.

"You're amazing."

He sent a covetous gaze towards Tae-san. Tae-san shook his head.

"Don't think that way. I'll be sorry."

Cuaned was his enemy. He had received the mission to guide and had come this far.

There was no choice but to kill him and not spare his life.

"What... there's nothing I can do."

Cuaned smiled wryly.

"I've lost, so I'll have to give up many things, but it's not bad. After all, it's over here."

He was satisfied.

He had awakened his own abilities despite receiving everyone's persecution and scorn. He had solved the riddle and gained recognition from everyone.

Although he couldn't move forward anymore, he had already recognized that he was a valuable person.

So, it was enough.
Here is the translation of the text:

He closed his eyes. With a calm expression, he seemed to accept his fate. Taesan's eyes widened in surprise.

Quaned also didn't come to fight with his own intentions. As Taesan had received many things from Masin, Taesan was also wary.

However, he couldn't be spared. Taesan drew his sword, and Quaned waited for his death.

"......"

But the sword didn't drop.

The anticipated pain didn't come, and Quaned's eyes opened slightly. Taesan was looking down at him with his sword still in hand.

"Why is it like this?"

Taesan didn't respond, but instead looked at Quaned's head.

A ominous atmosphere was felt at that place.

"I didn't know during the battle..."

It was a very small feeling that Quaned couldn't sense with his will. But when he let go of all his will, he felt it.

Taesan, who had roughly read the meaning contained in that feeling, muttered to himself.

"Contract?"

Quaed's pupils shook.

* * *

Thanks to his concept skill, Taesan was able to roughly understand the feeling in Quaed's head.

It was a kind of contract.

"What is this?"

Taesan carefully read the feeling.

As a result, he was able to understand.
Here is the translation of the text:

In the atmosphere, the immortal's power could be felt.

"What's this like?"

[This is... .]

The ghost let out a sigh.

[Could it be Petricia's contract?]

"What's that?"

[...the contract left by the immortal Petricia in the labyrinth. The contract is a binding agreement between the living and the dead, and the energy of the dead is transferred to the person written on the contract. The soul is trapped and cannot escape, and the accumulated power over a lifetime becomes a sacrifice for someone else.]

The ghost let out a mocking laugh.

[I knew you had found the contract, but did you really write this? And what about you? Why did you receive this?]

The ghost asked Quanede in a sarcastic tone. It was an incomprehensible situation for him.

And Quanede also didn't understand what he was saying.

"I recently made a new contract, saying that if I defeated you, I would cancel the previous one?"

[Oh, these crazy people.]

The ghost grew angry. Although his emotions changed greatly, he rarely showed such anger.
Here is the translation of the text:

"What's the point? Tell me in detail."

Tai Shan asked the ghost. The ghost calmed down and explained.

"It's Petricia's contract. A contract created by an immortal to mock mortals and inflict pain on them. And this contract is perfectly overlapped in two pages."

"...the fact that it's overlapped means..."

"The front page has a meaningless, fake sentence. And the real contract is hidden on the back page."

Quand's eyes widened in shock.

The ghost continued to explain.

"Why do you seem to be still here even after I died?"

"I made a contract with the Maze's wizard."

Therefore, the ghost's soul was bound to the Maze.

"So, the contract allows the soul to move even after death. It's a kind of pact with the devil. One gives their soul to the god in exchange for power. The important thing is that the contract has clear conditions."

"What are the conditions?"

"The soul is not something light. After death, it's bound by an eternal time. Therefore, the contract requires conditions.
Here is the translation of the text:

The ghost spoke.

["I knew everything and agreed, and if I achieved my wish, my soul would be liberated. The contract with the savior is to receive great power in exchange for one's soul. However, in this contract, the other party must also pay the price, and only those with such power can exist.]

"It seems that the guides don't have that kind of power."

Quin's eyes were wide with surprise as he listened to the story.

The ghost spat out its words.

["Patricia's contract is that she lends her power to herself, but in return, she fulfills the soul contract and takes the price. The guides also gave Patricia a substantial price, didn't they?"]

The ghost's voice was filled with anger and absurdity.

["So we're going to become one with the immortal ones, who have already broken away from the gods? That's ridiculous. Really."]

"Are you saying you'll take all the power? I sort of understand."

Tai Shan's lip curled.

The mazes' system rewards adventurers who defeat the same adventurer with many things.
Here is the translation of the text:

But if there was a contract with Petricia as the ghost said, it was possible that even if Taesan killed Quane, he would not be able to take anything. This was because the movement of power was already determined by the contract.

It seemed that it was intentional to make the contract.

"How can I eat this? This is it."

* * *

Taesan gripped his sword. Since he had heard the story, it was meaningless to kill Quane now. This was because the power would all return to the guides according to the contract.

Quane was confused as usual.

"So, what will happen to me?"

[What's going to happen? My soul will be treated arbitrarily by them and discarded. Since we made a contract, there's no way to do anything about it.]

Quane's face turned pale.

[Since the contract of the immortal has already been fulfilled, even the gods cannot intervene. So, she would have lamented.]

The soul could not return to the gods and was bound to the guides. It was a pitiful but unavoidable fate for the gods who did not interfere with the labyrinth's affairs. [It's pitiful, but it has to be done.]

The ghost spoke softly. Quane was already bound by the contract. If he was sent back to life now, he would inevitably return and fight with him again.
Here is the translation of the text:

But Tai Shan didn't move.

What he was doing was what the guides had hoped for. His soul and strength would return to them.

Not killing him was also what they hoped for. Then, the surviving Kwane would become even stronger and would become their strength.

The Immortal's Pact.

The binding of the soul. And the transfer of power.

And Tai Shan's skill.

"Is it possible?"

"What's the point?"

Tai Shan stood up and drew his sword towards Kwane.