
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 194

194. 42nd Floor (1)

The boss of the 41st floor was filled with anger. He had no influence on Taesan, just like before.

Taesan, who had cleared all the 41st floor, began to check the rewards one by one.

First, the reward for the Secret Room was opened.

[Eleven Longbow] [Attack Power + 69] [Hit Rate + 60%] [A bow made to protect the elf's territory]

It had a high hit rate and attack power, and was not a bad equipment. However, it was a useless equipment for Taesan, who did not use a bow.

[The Gem of a Gentle Soul] [A gem imbued with the emotions of someone more gentle than anyone else. The emotions contained in it are difficult to bear.]

"It's a material item, isn't it?"

[It seems like it.]

"It's not something I can use for a while."

Blacksmith Half-ran was currently making the highest-level equipment as per his request. Since the ghost was only causing trouble, he told Taesan not to find it, so it was a useless material in his inventory for the time being.

"I need to handle this too, though..."
Here is the translation of the text:

The Umberack handed over a mineral to him. At first glance, it didn't seem ordinary. If he made the equipment, he would get something that was quite useful.

"Just a little more patience. It's much more profitable to get it all than to make something decent."

"I know."

So, they didn't search for Tai Shan.

And then, there was a reward.

"The Shining Ankle Guard of Glory" "[Strength + 100]" "[Defense + 70]" "A guard that shines and is highly valued. Not only does it shine, but its performance is also unmatched."]

"Oh, wow."

It was quite good.

The defense power of the ankle guard he was currently wearing was 35 points higher. Considering that he had recently replaced his ankle guard, the difference was clear.

"It's probably because the level changed."

The labyrinth changes its appearance every 10 floors. The performance of the equipment also increases accordingly.

Since they had reached the 41st floor, the equipment that would come out next would be one level higher than what he had obtained so far.

"And what about this?"

The leather strap on his hand. Its effect was a continuous increase in attack power.

Note: The original text appears to be a passage from a game or novel, and some of the terms and concepts may be specific to that context.
Here is the translation of the text:

Upon checking, it turned out that the attack power had indeed increased by 1 to 21.

When passing through a floor, it increases by 1. Simple calculation shows that even if you go down 100 floors, you won't get much more than 60, but it's not like that would happen. The more you go down, the greater the increase in attack power will be.

It wasn't a bad effect either.

This was obtained at the 41st floor shop.

I'm looking forward to seeing what I'll get next and the mountain god went down the floor.

[Start of 42nd floor quest.] [Defeat the 42nd floor boss and pass through.] [Reward: Ring of Disrupted Soul] [Secret reward: ???]

The monsters on the 42nd floor were just spirits of sorrow. Just like the monsters with only anger left, they tried to exert a psychological impact on the mountain god, but the mountain god didn't receive any impact, just like before.

The mountain god quickly ran through the labyrinth.

"This is the first time I've had it so easy."

[What a joke, you're still passing through easily.]

The ghost chuckled. To the current mountain god, the monsters in the labyrinth were either spiritual entities or physical existences that didn't matter at all. Except for the boss, they were just things that could be defeated with a single blow.

"I won't even be able to use the black magic I got for once."
Here is the translation of the text:

Quan'd was defeated, and the thorn of the rose bush was obtained. And the devil gave him a negative-type armor.

I wanted to check its effectiveness at least once, but there was no opportunity to use it.

Tae-san asked the spiritual bodies to be defeated by the ghost.

"'Quan'd was taken away by the devil,'"

At the same time as the defeat, the ascension to the spiritual realm was activated, but he did not die due to the contract. His soul and body were taken away by the devil.

"'He said he would come back, but is that possible?'"

[If the devil himself heals his soul and body, it's not impossible. There's only one path, but... the labyrinth makes the one who advances strong, but... there are many such places. You've experienced it a few times, haven't you?]

"'Is it a test of God?'"

Valtazar, Rakiratas, Maria, and the devil.

Their test made Tae-san's eyes shine brightly. The ghost was positive.

[Quan'd will also receive a test from the devil. He can overcome it and become even stronger to come back again. But that's not a bad thing.]

The ghost spoke calmly.
Here is the translation of the text:

"If you don't confront them, they might even become a big help. However, there are layers where clearing alone is impossible, you know."

Itealyeon also said that. It's impossible to clear alone, and someone else's help is needed.

At the same time, she found all sorts of methods and cleared with great effort, so she was a remarkable woman.

Cough.

In a short story, she cleared half of the layers. The mountain continued to advance and said:

"The difference in power between gods and immortals is greater than you think."

The immortal is also a being who has transcended mortality. The difference in power exists, but it's not that great, I thought.

However, Mashin easily suppressed Petriya, who was struggling. It seemed that he had consumed some power, but it didn't seem that great.

"Is it just about power? Do you also have a ranking? The difference is great. Even if we're the same as mortals, we can't reach the gap against immortals. So it's better to be careful."

The yurei spoke calmly:

"From my experience so far, most immortals won't like you. And they're the ones who directly intervene like gods. Be prepared enough."

"It doesn't matter."

Note: Itealyeon is likely a reference to Lee Hyori, a Korean singer-songwriter. Yurei is a type of Japanese ghost.
Here is the translation of the text:

As they tried to kill him, Taesan also gained many things. It was a done deal.

Even while sharing the story, Taesan effortlessly broke through the maze and obtained the reward of the secret room.

This time, it was a shield. Although he got two titles of Adventurer, the shield with the scale of Iggy was useless, so he had to sell it at the shop.

Now that the general outline was over, Taesan went to search for the hidden room.

There was a pillar floating in the air, just like the 41st floor.

[He found a nostalgic idea filled with sorrow.]

Taesan grabbed the pillar.

Then, his emotions surged into his mind.

The sorrow of being alone when he was supposed to be with others.

The sorrow of losing someone he knew.

The sorrow of being separated from everyone and struggling to survive in the midst of Chocheonghyuk's persecution.

Taesan laughed. It was the emotion he had when he was inexperienced.

"Chiwol."

He added strength to the hand holding the pillar. His emotions converged, and a pure white core was born.

Taesan obtained the core.

Now, only one boss was left.

As he approached the boss, Taesan suddenly thought of something and said, ...
Here is the translation of the text:

"Petrizia said that the magician has left the place, right?"

So she teased me, saying that even in a situation where there is no magician, you can stop me.

In other words, if there is a magician, it means that they can stop the immortal one.

"Is the magician an overlord?"

[I don't know. It's a very mysterious existence.]

"Have you ever seen them directly?"

[I did see them, but I didn't feel any aura from the magician. If I didn't know who they were, I would have thought they were just a normal adventurer.]

"So, what kind of person is the magician?"

[I... can't put it into words.]

The ghost-like voice said.

[It seems like a madman, or someone who is extremely cold. It looks like a dream, but it's also facing reality. It's better to judge them directly and personally. After all, if we continue like this... you will also meet them someday.]

The Mystic Magician.

It seemed that Itae-yeon had never talked about the magician before, so it seemed that she had never met them.

While sorting out my thoughts, Taesan arrived at the boss's place.
Here is the translation of the text:

[A sorrow-filled spirit appeared.]

The spirit attacked the body, but was repelled and defeated. The spirit put up a struggle, but it was all meaningless.

[You have won against the sorrow-filled spirit.] [Mingyeongjisu's skill level has increased by 1%.]

"It's really easy."

It felt like I was walking on a peaceful mountain path.

It seemed that there would be no more difficulties with monsters from the 40th floor onwards. The ghost sighed.

[This isn't the usual place, you know? I have to break through while crying and sniffling.][The Ring of the Distorted Soul][Attack power + 30][Defense power + 20][Strength + 50][Intelligence + 30][A soul that was once strong, but is now broken and worn out is embedded here.]

It had high attack power and defense power, as well as decent strength and intelligence stats. It seemed that equipment from the 41st floor onwards would start to appear.

[I used ???.] [I got the Piper of the Villager.] [The Piper of the Villager][The flute of a man who has bewitched the children of the village with his flute.][When the flute is blown, it attempts to bewitch targets within range.]
Here is the translation of the text:

An item with special effects. It's hard to predict how the judgment will go, but it's not a bad equipment to have.

Taesan, who had cleared the 42nd floor, returned to the 41st floor.

He was waiting for Valencia there and handed him a pure core.

"Oooh!"

Valencia hastily received the core and broke it. The emotions that emerged from there penetrated Valencia's body.

"Oooh……."

His eyes were shaking violently.

After a while, he managed to suppress his emotions and laughed.

"Good! Very good! The 43rd floor! The third door on the left. Take the emotions from there!"

Valencia's eyes widened in a menacing gaze towards Taesan.

"Go down! Take all the cores from the 50th floor and then……!"

The rest of the sentence was cut off.

All that was left was a twisted smile.

"Ha ha ha! If things go like this, I'll really……!"

Valencia's emotional change was even greater than before. He was going crazy.

Taesan, who had received a new quest, went down to the 43rd floor.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Start of 43rd floor quest.] [Defeat the boss of the 43rd floor and pass through.] [Reward: Worn-out helmet of the self] [Secret reward: ???]

The monsters of the 40th floor couldn't stop him. Until the special NPC gave him the quest, he was going to keep going down without stopping.

Taesan began to break through the 43rd floor.

The monsters of the 43rd floor had a joy that was left in their minds. A positive emotion had invaded Taesan's mind.

Of course, it was not just a simple joy. It was a joy that would make one's body tremble and lose control if one's mental strength was weak. But it had no effect on Taesan.

He barely broke through half of the floor in a few minutes.

He obtained the secret reward from the hidden room. It was a staff filled with magical power. It was not bad, but it was not suitable for Taesan to use. He thought of offering it to the God of Magic as an offering.

And he found the hidden room and activated the pillar. There, he suppressed the joy and obtained the core.

"... Already?"

Valencia was more surprised than happy at the fast pace. He stumbled and told Taesan about the secret room on the next floor.

After obtaining the information, Taesan returned to the 43rd floor and defeated the boss.
Here is the translation:

Clear the rewards.

[Mangga-jin's helmet] [Strength + 50] [Defense + 100] [Movement speed + 5%] [The helmet of someone who was once great, but met a miserable end.]

It was a helmet with a high defense rating. The defense rating was twice as high as the helmet he was currently wearing.

However, changing the helmet would cause the special effects linked to the armor to disappear, which was a drawback. But since he was not prone to anger and resentment, the special effects would not activate.

Therefore, the value of changing was sufficient.

??? The reward was a magical armor with numerical values attached. Wearing it would reduce defense, so he hesitated to change.

"This too can be used as an offering."

After confirming, Taesan immediately descended to the 44th floor.

"What's going on here?"]

A ghost smiled wryly.