
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 198

198. The Earth on the Brink of Destruction (3)

Kiying!

The beam shoots out and pierces the earth, creating a hole in the sky.

Taisan dodges all the attacks and cuts off the monster's tentacle.

The tentacle moves violently. Since the long-range attack didn't work, the monster thought of moving its tentacle to strike back, but Taisan didn't take it seriously. Taisan swung his sword and fist, cutting off the entire tentacle.

The monsters are weaker than before.

However, that's also the case for Taisan. He still hasn't reached his limits.

Since they're both weakened, their levels are roughly similar.

However, Taisan is fighting much better than before.

It was only natural. Even if it's just Kiying, he could easily win against two S-grade opponents without any trouble.

After all, the previous Taisan was too abnormal, so it was difficult. But with this normal strength, it's much easier.

The monster seems to be preparing for a final resistance, gathering its tentacles. The beam is about to engulf Taisan and pierce the earth.
Here is the translation of the text:

You have activated a random Blink.

The Taesan's body moves behind the monster.

He inserts the sword into the ground and stands still. He quickly draws another sword and cuts it.

The defensive monster tries to block it, but is forced to retreat from the forced duel.

*Crunch*...

Thus, the monster dies.

[You have defeated the monster. The trial is over, and you are rewarded.] [Your spirit level has risen. The proficiency level of the twisted spirit alignment has increased by 11%.]

The Taesan immediately rushes at the monster 7. The defensive monster crouches and charges.

It was like a tank-like charge, and the Taesan calmly held out his sword.

[You have activated the Whirlwind.]

Kwaang!

The charge is deflected, and the monster falls to the ground.

Even the defensive monster, which is not an attacking type, was not even slightly fearful. It had already been defeated by the Taesan in a previous life after a long struggle, and had never allowed an attack.

The Taesan strengthened his grip on the sword in his hand.

From then on, it was a simple repetition. He dodged the monster's attacks, counterattacked, and repeated the process.
Here is the translation of the text:

"In my past life, I had avoided fighting with such a weak set of stats. Now, since I've overcome that, there's no reason to struggle anymore.

By investing just one day, I was able to defeat even the defensive-type monster.

Quickly.

[You have defeated the 7th monster. After the ordeal, you will be compensated.]

[Your saintly rank has been upgraded. The proficiency of your twisted saintly adjustment has increased by 8%.]

"Ah."

Tae-san smiled.

I had struggled so much in my past life to catch those monsters, but now I can defeat them so easily.

Although the monster has weakened, it's not like it's completely finished yet. If I enter the labyrinth after this, I'll be able to defeat the real S-grade monsters even more easily.

"Good."

Tae-san muttered to himself. His saintly rank has also increased greatly, and it's a satisfying result.

He defeated the two S-grade monsters.

However, there was no sign of returning to the labyrinth.

Tae-san kicked the ground. He quickly returned to the city, where he saw people still fighting.

"Everyone, stop! We can do it!"

Chung-geun shouted loudly, brandishing his weapon."
Here is the translation of the text:

However, it seemed that it would be too difficult to block hundreds of monsters. The wall was already broken long ago, and people were falling one by one.

"'Are you weakened too?'"

The monsters were weakened. If it were the original hard mode player, they would be able to win without any problems.

But despite this, the people were still being restrained, as if they had been bound by Aphrodite's implementation.

"'Eiiik!'"

He rushed to the person who was about to fall. He was successful in protecting him, but the monster's attack was too powerful to block.

When he closed his eyes tightly, Tai-san charged forward.

"[You have activated acceleration.]"

Kwa-jik.

He pierced the monster's head with his enormous claw and threw it away with all his might. The monster disappeared into the distant sky.

"'Hey, brother?'"

Tai-san's existence was confirmed by the middle-aged man who was late.

"How did you get here? You're supposed to be fighting the monsters, aren't you?"

"All done."

"Okay?"

The middle-aged man was taken aback. It was a S-grade duelist. They were people who could not be assured of winning.

However, there was no apparent injury on Tai-san, who had returned in a day.

"'Brother?'"

"I'm sorry, but we need to hurry up and settle things here."
Here is the translation of the text:

Hundreds of monsters are rushing towards us.

Tae-san looks at them and slaps the ground with his hand.

[You have activated the frozen world.]

Whoa!

A powerful chill is sweeping in. The vast ice world is descending, starting to freeze everything beyond the barrier.

“Woooah!”

“Eh, eh!”

People are trembling and trying to move away. Despite being outside the skill's range and having survived this far, they can still feel the icy chill.

Whoa whoa!

The ice is spreading without stopping.

The monsters are struggling to break free, but the ice is engulfing everything.

Tae-san withdraws his hand from the ground.

Most of the monsters attacking him are frozen. A-grade monsters are breaking through the ice, but they're still unsteady and wobbling.

‘Just right.’

Ordinary skill activation is usually limited to a specific target. So, even weak enemies need to be handled personally, but magic can handle weak enemies all at once.

“Is this level suitable for you to handle?”

“Yes, yes. It's possible, but……”
Here is the translation of the text:

Jung-geun hesitated. The monsters that were fighting with a fierce determination finally calmed down after a single skill.

"Brother?"

"Let's talk about it later."

Tai-san took a step back. Jung-geun's voice calling out to him from behind grew louder, but Tai-san ignored it. There was something more important right now.

Kuuuung……

The vibrations of power had been resonating from the other side since earlier.

It was a clash of powers that couldn't be won even if the world was weakened overall.

When they arrived at the spot where the powers collided, they found something mysterious and unknown.

"Eeee!"

Ji-yeon clenched her teeth and swung her weapon.

However, she was too busy blocking the attack and couldn't counterattack properly, getting pushed back endlessly.

"Uuuuuh..."

She was sent flying far away by the force of the collision and rolled around, barely managing to get up.

She had a tight grip on her fist. It seemed like there was something important there.

"......Hah. What are you doing?"

Ji-yeon laughed mockingly.

Her arm was trembling with fear, to the extent that it could be seen from a distance.

The monster charged at her again.
Here is the translation of the text:

She held a gun with a face that seemed to be suppressing something.

A ripple of power occurred.

Taeyeon kicked the ground again.

She stared at her fist, her face pale with fear, deep in thought.

However, instead of throwing a punch, she grasped the gun and glared at the monster.

The monster stumbled and charged at her again, but Taesan intervened.

From the side of the monster that was focusing on Taeyeon, she thrust a sword into its body.

Hmmm.

The monster's body, which was unknown in shape, reacted as if it was about to repel the sword. Taesan added more force to her shoulders and legs and pushed it in further.

In the end, the monster, unable to withstand, flew away far away.

Kwa-aa-ang!

"Hello."

"...Ah, ah?"

Taeyeon stared at him blankly.

"...Taesan? How...?"

"My side is done."

"...Ah, ah ah?"

Taeyeon continued to be bewildered. Taesan looked at her still-clenched fist.

There would be a Uraboros's crystal inside it.

She had been holding onto it without using it until her death.

Taesan shook her head.
Here is the translation of the text:

"'I'll take care of this, so you go help others,' I said.

'Eh, eh?'

'Hurry up and go.'"

[You have activated Ammon's negation armor.]

The dark energy enveloped the mountain.

Iteyan's eyes widened.

"...Is that black magic?"

'Are you going to see?'

She looked at me with a puzzled expression, but after a quick glance at the situation, she quickly distanced herself.

'Let's talk about this later!'

'Okay.'

The mountain burst out laughing.

Iteyan left, and the mountain gazed at the sorcerer.

[A gaze of absolute judgment. Your gaze, which had been directed at the mountain even in your previous life, turned to the mountain.]

"Dispel."

[Resistance successful.]

Ggg...

The deformed monster, whose form was unknown.

And the first monster to be defeated by the mountain. A direct existence that brought about the extinction of humanity.

This was his despair.

Ggg...

The monster let out a small cry, and a terrible something began to seep into the mountain's mind.

The sorcerer was someone who would be crushed just by facing him, and his heart would break."

Note: This translation is not perfect, and some parts may be unclear or hard to understand due to the complex Korean text.
Here is the translation of the text:

Of course, Taesan couldn't do it. Taesan, who had been tossed aside lightly, muttered to himself.

"It's easier than my previous life."

As with other monsters, Sado had also become much weaker due to his divine existence.

Taesan gazed at the negative entity with eyes that had sunk into his face.

Something that surpassed the S-grade. People gave the monster the name Sado.

"I've named it well, I think."

At the time, it was just a meaningless name, but now it was clear as day.

That guy was really the Sado of the gods.

And the gods had been banished from the world and forgotten. That's why their Sado was also a distorted existence.

Clank.

Sado's negative entity body began to expand.

It looked like it was about to swallow the world whole, and Taesan tightened his grip on his sword.

* * *

The negative entity, like a gelatinous substance, began to spread across the world. They started to occupy the space one by one.

Taesan calmly assessed the situation.

Although he had lost, he had experienced Sado in his previous life, so he knew what kind of attack his opponent would use.
Here is the translation of the text:

The demon's attack was a form of spatial manipulation that seized the entire space.

It was as if a tree spread its branches, dispersing its non-corporeal body throughout the world. By doing so, it trapped the entire space, making it impossible to escape, and finally, it devoured the space in a devouring manner.

Suddenly, the demon's entire body was wrapped by the non-corporeal entity.

It was as if it was a tree that never stopped growing, unchanged.

Before it could grow any further, it seemed that it should be dealt with, but the mountain god did not attack and instead kept a distance.

Then, the demon extended its non-corporeal body to target the mountain god.

It was as if it was a world tree.

As the non-corporeal entities extended, they began to devour the space one by one. The space towards the demon became blocked, like a maze.

The situation became more difficult for the demon to be defeated, but the mountain god was waiting for this moment.

The demon attacked and defended simultaneously using its non-corporeal entity that surrounded it.

The mountain god roughly moved its hand.

[You have activated the black wave of Marbas.]

Kuuuung!

A black wave crashes down.

These waves cut off the extending non-corporeal entities one by one.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, the negative entity only becomes stronger. It suddenly grows rapidly and blocks the path of the mountain.

The mountain did nothing.

It simply maintained a distance from the approaching negative entities.

"This is not enough to kill me," it said.

The apostle, in this form, possesses a defense power that is almost absolute. It is difficult to break through the apostle's defense, even with more power than before.

However, the apostle was also the same. If it scattered the negative entities like this, the mountain could still block them all.

Therefore, the apostle had to find another way.

Quickly.

The apostle's negative entity suddenly twisted.

The things that were scattered and running away began to return to the apostle. The apostle's body began to distort slowly.

The cracks converged and became one.

The apostle's form began to change.

From now on, it's real. The mountain held its sword with a serious face.

[You have activated the apostle form [Lakiratas].]