
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 211, Part 1: The Wolf that Doomed the World (1)

"It's already too late."

The power that could be felt from the moment he left was incredibly strong and intense. Now, no matter what he did, it would be impossible to stop them.

So, he thought it was best to enjoy himself first. What were they preparing, and what were they going to use to catch him?

Darei led him to the tavern in the village. There, the adventurers with awkward faces greeted him.

"Hello!"

"It's great to meet you!"

They approached Tae-san. Even the three-year-old child couldn't help but act along.

Tae-san barely suppressed his smile as he received their hospitality.

"Alright, we've prepared a big meal."

They brought out the food.

The food was quite abundant. Roasted chicken leg. A salad with neatly arranged vegetables. Everything was food he had never seen before.

Tae-san sat down in the chair with the arranged dishes. Darei smiled and urged him to hurry.

"Come on, eat!"

Tae-san took a bite of the salad, chewed it slowly, and then spat it out.
Here is the translation of the text:

"'Is it poisonous? Not a strong poison, but a numbness-inducing one. Can't we just stall for time?'

'What?'

'Unfortunately, this level of poison won't work.'

Darien's face turned pale.

'I understand now.'

'I even thought about pretending to be more affected, but I couldn't pull it off, so I'm now feeling awkward.'

Tae-san placed his hand on the table. As he did, the table broke, and the dishes scattered.

'Are these too the gifts from the guide and the cooperation?'

The luxurious dishes that Ite-yeon didn't even talk about. It's impossible for them to have hunted the monster themselves. They must have received them as a reward from the guide for their cooperation.

'You're nothing!'

Darien shouted loudly.

'Even if we say it's the 51st floor, it's just the middle part of the labyrinth! You're nothing! The moment you defy the guide, you're dead!'

'Will they kill me?'

Tae-san laughed mockingly.

Darien pulled out his sword with a fierce gaze.

'Die, then!'

Kkung!

They all charged at once. The woman drew out her dagger, and the sturdy knight lowered his greatsword.

Tae-san retreated, his legs trembling.'
Here is the translation of the text:

He took the large sword and swung it around, sending it flying. He dodged the owner of the short sword and struck it down with a swing.

Kwaga River!

"Ha!"

"Ah!"

With just one breath, the five of them fell to the ground simultaneously. Their excited faces suddenly stopped moving.

"Uh, uh?"

"Why?"

"I thought I was the one who cleared the 51st floor, and you guys were similar, but that was just a misunderstanding."

Right now, he could handle the dozens of them rushing towards him without any problems.

"Hmph. If I had known, I would have only received a meager reward and wouldn't have accepted the guides' proposal. I wanted to kill myself for being so reckless?"

"...Shut up!"

With a mocking tone, Daeren rushed towards him, shouting and swinging his sword wildly. The Taesan, who had dodged the sword with ease, grabbed Daeren's neck.

Kwa-a-ang!

"Ha!"

The floor of the tavern collapsed, and Daeren fell to the ground.

"I want to play some more, but I don't think I have the time. So, let's hurry up and finish."

[You have activated the addition.]

One-sided battle. But the situation had turned into a one-sided fight.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san began to process things quickly one by one. Despite their resistance, they were forced to engage in a fierce battle and were crushed by overwhelming stats and skills they had never imagined, and they were inevitably killed one by one.

"Uaaaah!"

They started to flee, making a commotion.

It was an unbelievable sight for those who had once risked their lives to descend into the labyrinth.

It seemed that their minds had been completely worn out by years of aging.

Kwajik.

[Your level has risen.]

You still hadn't finished cleaning up about a dozen of them. However, Tae-san started preparing for battle instead of chasing after those who were fleeing.

Kururur!

The floor began to crack open.

A massive presence began to emerge from that place.

The energy to kill the weak and bring them to their death just by existing.

Tae-san spat out his tongue.

"I've made up my mind."

[What the heck is this?]

Tzee-tzee-tzee!

The floor collapsed. The hearts of those who were defeated were crushed, and they fled in a state of panic, making a commotion.

[Auuuu!]

Kururur!

The floor exploded, revealing the figure amidst the screams.

It was on fire.
Here is the translation of the text:

The raging flames engulfed his body, and the flames scattered in all directions, spreading heat. The moisture in the air evaporated instantly, leaving his mouth dry. Unbelievably, those around him who were exposed to the heat seemed to have lost their strength and ran away in a hurry.

[Ahh!]

It let out a howl like a beast's.

[The shards of the world-destroying werewolf appeared.]

"What is this?"

A monster resembling a werewolf was burning with fury.

Of course, it was enormous in size, much larger than an ordinary building.

"Aaaah!"

Several figures burst out of the gaps in the floor, screaming.

They were not just ordinary people, but rather guides on the path of sin. The Tai Shan, who had realized this, quickly moved to grab one of them.

"Ah, thank you..."

"There's nothing to be thankful for."

"...You!"

Tai Shan's true identity was revealed, and his face turned pale. Tai Shan pressed down on him and asked:

"What are you doing?"

A powerful aura was palpable. It was an existence that could not be easily defeated. No matter how one looked, it was not a monster from the 51st floor. The one who had been subdued seemed to have given up everything, speaking in a sorrowful tone.

"...We cannot defeat you."

"That's only natural."
Here is the translation of the text:

Even though they were able to crush all of them below the 50th floor, Quan'd was also killed by him. And then, Tai Shan became even stronger than before.

No matter what they did, they couldn't defeat him. It was a fact known to Tai Shan, them, and the high-ranking officials.

"That's why the high-ranking officials didn't provide us with any support. Maybe they thought of matching you with deeper guides. But we didn't want to disappear like that."

"So, did you summon that?"

"...One of us had it, so the high-ranking officials promised to support us."

"It's not very important."

Their situation was none of his concern.

"What's that?"

"...It's a fragment of the wolf that destroyed the world."

He gritted his teeth.

"There were also those who came from the world that was destroyed. His world was destroyed by a burning wolf. The heroes gathered in the final moments and succeeded in defeating the wolf, but the entire world was destroyed. He picked up the fragment of the wolf's corpse before leaving the world that was about to be destroyed."

"That's what it is."

The wolf that destroyed everything just by existing.
Here is the translation of the text:

Although it was just a small part of the power that destroyed the world, it seemed like he had it. "That damn fool. He said he could control it, but as soon as he summoned it, he was devoured by it..."

It seemed like his plan had gone awry. The towering mountain got out the sword it had obtained.

"Go well."

Whoosh!

He closed his eyes with a gloomy expression.

The 50th floor guide. Outside, he would have been praised as the most outstanding one, but such a life was too meaningless to die.

The mountain gazed at the werewolf.

[Crunch... ]

The werewolf was bewildered.

He was a being born to destroy the world. That was his mission since the beginning of creation, and he had lived his life only for that purpose.

So, the werewolf rose up at the right time and destroyed the world.

Although he died at the end, he was satisfied with having fulfilled his mission and died.

But suddenly, he found himself in a strange place.

It was a power that was only a tiny fraction of what he had had before.

[Crunch... ]

The werewolf's pupils gradually sank.
Although many things have changed, nothing has changed. His mission was to destroy the world. So, it was a matter of destroying this world.

As the wolf began to survey its surroundings, it instinctively looked at the mountain.

This is the most threatening existence here, an existence that can kill me.

The wolf surveyed and let out a howl.

[Auuuuu!]

“Ahahahah!”

The people hiding behind the buildings covered their ears. Those who couldn't bear it bled.

The mountain also felt a dreadful sensation, which shook both its mind and body.

As the howling continued, the wolf's presence became even more enormous.

And at the same time, the wolf's flames also intensified.

“Eh, eeh.”

“Save me……”

The village began to burn. Not only did it make people's mouths dry, but it also started to burn their bodies.

The adventurers who barely survived were one by one killed.

And the mountain was also unable to withstand the heat.

[Your first attack has been nullified.] [Your second attack has been nullified.] [Your third attack has been nullified.] [You took 205 damage.] [You took 207 damage.]
Here is the translation of the text:

The attack's invalidation is not only instantaneous, but also brings continuous damage in units of seconds.

"'I'm already using this.'"

Taesan took out the fairy's powder from the inventory that he had received from the goblin and sprinkled it on his body.

"[You used the blessing powder made from the fairy's wings. Your physical strength and mana are restored continuously for a certain period of time.]"

After using the powder, I checked my physical strength and found that it had dropped noticeably. Although it still dropped slightly, it was not significant enough to affect the battle.

A ghostly voice echoed.

"[I also summoned that. It was a close call even with the demon's power.]"

"What is it exactly?"

"[I told you before? My world was destroyed by the demon king.]"

"That's right."

"[That's the same as that one. It's a monster that exists only to destroy the world. Although it appears to be weak, it's not weak at all.]"

A monster on the same level as the demon king.

"'You've come a long way.'"

Taesan smiled and prepared for battle.
Here is the translation of the text:

[The opponent is one who cannot be defeated.][The desire for battle has been triggered.][A just duel has been triggered.][Proof of limits has been triggered.][The Giant Killer has been triggered.][You have triggered the disdain of the strong.]

As all of Tai Shan's abilities were strengthened, the wolf's gaze, which had been lingering at the boundary, became even more piercing.

The wolf howled.

[Boom!]

The howling enveloped Tai Shan. Tai Shan lifted his foot and took a step back.

And then the wolf slammed its foot onto Tai Shan. With a speed that didn't match its massive body, it flew towards Tai Shan.

Tai Shan held his sword with a claw-like hand that was only as thick as his torso.

Hahahah!

He barely managed to support his knees, which were trembling momentarily.

Tai Shan realized that the wolf was much stronger than him. The wolf moved its other leg, and Tai Shan dodged it by jumping back.

[Boom!]

The wolf let out a fierce cry. A series of fireballs erupted from its open maw.

"What kind of monster are you?"

Tai Shan muttered in annoyance. The fireballs were quite large and numerous. It was difficult to move his body to avoid them.

[You have triggered the perfect fairy's wings.]

Flap!

Tai Shan's back was suddenly enveloped by the fairy's wings.

His physical body accelerated towards the sky. Tai Shan dodged the incoming fireballs and launched a skill from the sky.
You are activating the Frost Arrow.

The Frost Arrow continues to activate. Hundreds of Frost Arrows materialize simultaneously above Tai Shan's head, beginning to gather.

A massive ice meteor forms.

"'The Wolf of Flames is weak against ice, I suppose.'"

Tai Shan extended his hand unchanged. The ice meteor, formed from ice, began to freeze everything around it and fall towards the wolf.