
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 213

213. The Wolf that Doomed the World (3)

The wolf was fast. Extremely fast. Its speed was unlike anything that had been seen before.

Without a moment to spare, it rushed towards the mountain. The mountain quickly activated its skill.

[You have randomly activated a blink.]

Blame.

The mountain moved towards the wolf's back, using its wings to insert a sword into the wolf's back.

The system damage displayed in the system panel was a paltry 64.

Despite being imbued with spiritual energy, the damage was significantly lower than before. The wolf emitted flames from its back, and the mountain created distance between them.

[Whoa!]

The wolf howled and charged.

Its rough claws swiped back and forth, destroying the village. Even if the village wasn't already crumbling, it would have been completely destroyed.

Ka-ching!

The mountain barely managed to block the wolf's attack. However, the aftermath caused significant damage to its physical strength, so it decided to use a medicinal potion in the air.

[Boom!]

The wolf, seemingly unaware of this, let out a wail. The howling echoed through the air, spreading towards the sky.
Here is the translation of the text:

Inside, there was a significant amount of resentment, so Haotian could not help but block the howling. But as a result, there was no opportunity to drink the medicine.

Just as Haotian blocked the howling, the wolf's rear leg bent, and it shot towards Haotian like a bullet.

Pang!

In the end, Haotian gave up using the medicine.

Haotian folded his wings and flew away from the wolf's attack. Then, he swung his sword at the wolf that was passing by above him.

Ka-kaka!

He scratched the wolf's back harshly. Due to the rebound, he had to use his strength to hold onto his sword.

Ka-ak!

He finally scratched the entire body, but only managed to peel off the fur, failing to cut into the flesh.

It was blocked by flames, and the attack did not hit its mark.

[Auuuuu!]

The wolf let out a howl towards the sky. As it did, a part of the flames that made up the wolf began to scatter and take shape.

Small wolves made up of flames were born.

They charged towards Haotian.

"Tsung."

Haotian clenched his teeth and moved his wings. However, the wolf made of flames was charging towards Haotian in mid-air.

"Are you trying to make it impossible to use the medicine?"
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san put his full strength into his sword with a serious face.

Kaang!

Tae-san quickly approached the wolf that had rushed in first and struck it with his sword. However, the wolf did not retreat and instead bared its teeth.

These small wolves were like sparks that formed the wolf. It was never a weak existence.

Tae-san infused his spirit into the sword, making it even stronger.

The wolf was split in two.

And other wolves rushed in.

The sword was moving. It repelled the wolves that were rushing in with fiery passion, but it was not easy. Each of these small wolves had a formidable level that could not be ignored.

Moreover, the wolf's core was not idle.

The wolf opened its jaws. Fireballs scattered in all directions, turning into rain and falling from the sky.

Tae-san focused his mind.

Ka-kak!

He blocked the wolf's attack and repelled the fireballs falling from the sky.

And he performed two actions simultaneously. The wolf biting his left arm was struck in the head by the right sword, and the wolf trying to grab the sword with its teeth was twisted and parried.

Pfu-pfu-pfu!

He swung the sword long and repelled the fireballs falling from the sky.
Here is the translation of the text:

And then, with the sword still held in hand, he strikes the wolf's head with the hilt.

And then, he blocks the meteorite from the sky.

Up until now, we have been exchanging blows to some extent under the premise that we would drink the medicine, but now the wolf does not even give us a chance to drink the medicine.

The fairy dust has been scattered, allowing for continuous recovery, but with thousands of damages coming at once, it's difficult to rely on it.

So, we have to block all attacks in fact.

[You have activated the Black Wave of Marbas.]

He pours the power of the wave into it, and the wolves of fire that clashed with the wave disappear.

A few remaining ones bare their teeth and move, and the god of the mountain moves his fingers.

[You have activated the Frozen World.]

Thud!

The power is poured in, and most of the wolves that were charging forward are frozen and disappear.

[Whoa!]

And then, the wolf moves.

It swings its massive claws, pinning down the god of the mountain. The god of the mountain holds up his sword to block it.

Kwaahahah!

The ground cracks and a crater forms. The god of the mountain barely withstands it and twists his sword. He swings his sword and bites off the wolf's front paw.

Ka-ga-ga!
Here is the translation of the text:

But unlike before, a big wound is not inflicted. Even after Tai Shan retaliated, the wolf didn't care at all and brought its front paw down.

Kwaaa! Thud!

The ground cracked and split apart. The entire village was reduced to ruins.

Kaang!

Tai Shan barely managed to swing his sword and create some distance.

"Huu."

Tai Shan gasped for breath. His eyes sank deeply into his sockets.

He focused his mind even more.

Tai Shan charged at the wolf.

Kwaaaang!

He dodged the descending claws and plunged into the wolf. The wolf brought its front paws down in succession, trying to pin Tai Shan down.

He narrowly escaped all the attacks using his concept skill, but the accumulated damage from the aftermath was inevitable. Tai Shan stabbed his sword into the wolf's hind leg.

Kwajik.

Since the wolf had been attacking continuously, the sword went in a bit, but it wasn't significant. It seemed impossible to breach the area.

One of his methods was blocked, but Tai Shan moved his body calmly and rationally.

The wolf tried to attack Tai Shan from the side, trying to kill him. It trembled with excitement. Flames erupted all around like sparks.

Dozens, hundreds of sparks.

Tai Shan moved his sword.
Here is the translation of the text:

The sword moves gently, clearing all the fireballs that are flying towards it and creating a trajectory.

However, the fireball that has been deflected by the trajectory collides with the side of the mountain Tai Shan.

[You take 3452 points of damage.]

Enduring the pain, Tai Shan swings its front paw, creating distance to dodge.

[Crunch!]

The wolf uses its fiery claws and swings them at Tai Shan. The fiery blade rushes towards Tai Shan at high speed.

The blade with no escape path.

[You have activated the "Flickering" skill.]

Tai Shan moves the sword, selecting one of the blades. Then, it inserts its body into the very small gap that has just appeared.

[Whoosh!]

Tai Shan, who has just escaped, is again chased by the wolf.

The wolf, with its entire mouthful of teeth, is about to swallow Tai Shan. Tai Shan holds up the sword.

Ganggang!

The body is pressed without mercy. Tai Shan, judging that it cannot withstand, quickly pulls its hand out of the sword and escapes.

The sword flies far away. The wolf, having lost its weapon, rushes towards Tai Shan.

[You have activated the random blink skill.]

Tai Shan dodges the charging wolf by changing its position. Quickly, it grabs both of the flying swords and holds them.

[Whoosh!]

(Note: The translation is based on the context of the text, and some parts may be open to interpretation.)
Here is the translation of the text:

Aaaaah!

And in the midst of it, I block the wolf's claws that are attacking me as if they're about to pounce. But I can't hold back and the claws deeply scratch my shoulder.

[You take 5443 damage.]

"Ah."

The Taesan takes a deep breath, panting and backing away. His back was covered in sweat.

There's no room for leisure. Most of my mental energy was spent dodging and avoiding the wolf's attacks.

"What should I do?"

Aaaaah!

As I dodge the wolf's attack, I think to myself.

The battle continues, and the flames that cover the wolf's body gradually weaken. I also gradually become faster and stronger due to my prolonged battle skills.

However, it's not a significant change. When the wolf's flames weaken significantly, it's when my endurance ends, and even if I become faster, the difference in basic specs is too great, so it's not meaningful.

If I continue the battle, I will ultimately die.

I need to make a decision. Whether it's a gamble or not, I have to choose one side.
Here is the translation of the text:

The lion's maw opens. Flames burst forth. It's trying to bite down on Tai Shan with its massive fangs.

Kaaah!

Tai Shan barely managed to block the attack with his sword. He continued to think.

The rear is not an option to attack.

So, the remaining part was inside the lion's mouth.

This place was much weaker than the exterior. After blocking the incoming attack, it seemed that the skin was much weaker than expected.

However, it couldn't be considered the correct answer. The fact that Tai Shan had to attack deeply inside the lion's mouth meant that he would be defenseless. It was essentially a gamble.

However, sometimes you have to take risks.

You can't always make safe choices. Tai Shan strengthened his grip on the sword.

To take a risk, you need to prepare first.

[Kahahah!]

The lion charges. Tai Shan blocks the attack and is forced to retreat.

The lion kicks Tai Shan's leg.

Kaaah!

Tai Shan continues to retreat. Finally, he collided with the wall of the labyrinth.

[Crunch... ...]

The lion was convinced. This human cannot escape. More precisely, it didn't even seem to have the intention to escape.
Here is the translation of the text:

The wolf summoned its strength, thinking it would surely win.

[Auuuu!]

Flames erupted, engulfing everything in sight. A long, fiery curtain stretched across the sides of the mountain, blocking the path of escape.

Only a short path remained to the wolf and the mountain.

[Grng.]

The wolf prepared to run, scraping the ground with its front paws. The mountain calmly lowered its weapon.

Kuung!

And then the wolf charged.

An untraceable movement, leaving only a faint afterimage.

The mountain could not respond to this movement, relying only on its instincts and reflexes.

As the wolf ran, the mountain drew its dual swords and charged.

[You have activated acceleration.]

Acceleration, with the wings of Fairies unfolded, racing at a speed that was incomparable to anything before.

The wolf's fangs pierced deep into the mountain's back, and the mountain's sword plunged deep into the wolf's throat.

[You took 16444 damage.] [You took 4532 damage from the wolf's shattered fragments.] [Kuuk!]

The wolf's breath suddenly stopped.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san deeply embeds all his energy into the sword at the end of which everything is inserted. A tremendous power begins to gather on the sword.

And then it explodes.

The apostle's entire energy is released through the sword and explodes inside the wolf's body.

[The wolf's fragments that destroyed the world dealt 23,042 damage.] [Kuh, kuh!]

The wolf howls and brings down its claws. Since Tae-san is also stuck in the sword, he cannot escape.

And Tae-san didn't even think of dodging.

[You took 13,232 damage.] [Your tenacity has been activated. The attack that would lead to death has been invalidated. For 1 second, all damage is 0.]

The time he gained is only 1 second.

That's enough. Tae-san deeply inserted the sword and pulled it out. He felt a tearing sensation and a sound like a crunching.

Tae-san maintained his strength.

The wolf's entire jaw was broken.

[The wolf's fragments that destroyed the world dealt 6,432 damage.] [Kuh! Kuh!]

The wolf's cry, which was torn in half, could not continue.

Before the tenacity's duration ended, Tae-san had achieved his goal and created some distance.

He took out a potion. The wolf was too busy writhing in pain to pay attention to him.

The gamble was successful.
Here is the translation of the text:

Then it was time to reap the rewards of success.

Tae-san charged at the wolf. The wolf swung its front paw roughly and resisted, but its attack was so weak that it was not even comparable to the ones before. Tae-san dodged the attack and inserted the sword into the wolf's split jaw once again.

[Whoooo!]

The wolf howls.

The wolf's pained howling struck the entire village. Tae-san, who was nearby, also couldn't withstand the pain and blood began to flow from his ear.

But he didn't care and continued to insert the sword.

The wolf started thrashing about wildly. Tae-san, with the sword still lodged in his throat, didn't take his hand off it.

It was practically the last chance. If he couldn't take advantage of the wolf's momentary lapse, he wouldn't win.

Thud-thud-thud.

Tae-san clung tightly to the wolf's body, which was running wildly in all directions, and inserted the sword even deeper.

Soon, the wolf's throat was open.

Tae-san inserted his body into the wolf's throat.

[Whooo, whoo!]

The wolf tried to vomit up Tae-san who had entered its body, but nothing came out.

[Whoooo!]
Here is the translation:

The wolf howled miserably. Something was stirring inside the wolf.

[Growling......]

And finally, the wolf collapsed.

As the wolf's labored breathing slowly subsided, its belly began to tear open from the inside out.

"Ah."

The wolf's body, covered in blood, appeared.
Here is the translation of the text:

[You have triumphed over the fragments of the wolf that destroyed the world.] [Your level has risen.] [Your level has risen.] [Your level has risen.] [The longing for victory has been triggered. Your vitality has permanently increased to 1543, strength to 143, and agility to 111.] [Your ascension has been triggered. Your vitality has permanently increased to 3443, strength to 283, and agility to 252.] [Your ascension has been triggered. You have obtained the special activation skill "Embers of Disaster".] [The proficiency of ??? has increased by 3%.] [You have defeated the beast that has grasped the will of the world.] [You have obtained the special permanent activation skill "Those Who Defy the Great Will".] [You have fought in the midst of a fierce battle. You have obtained the special permanent activation skill "Resistance to Flaming".] [You have obtained the will of destruction.] [You have swallowed the lifeblood of the wolf that destroys the world. You have obtained the special activation skill "The Wolf's Authority".]