
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 215

215. 51st Floor, Alchemy (2)

Gremelin, a non-player character who despises his own kind and lives alone.

No one recognizes or acknowledges him. No one treats him as a person.

He was slowly dying, his words barely audible.

The mysterious beings who inhabit this place see him as inferior, ugly, and unworthy of respect.

Passing adventurers only consider him a tool for quests, nothing more.

Gremelin was pushed to his limits.

The fairies, with the power of the mysterious beings, intended to take what they had and become one with them. This was madness, and it clearly showed how far Gremelin had fallen.

"If I were to change like them, I wouldn't believe they would accept me. That's why Gremelin is too clever."

[Then why would you take on that quest...]

The ghostly figure stopped talking.

[What's going on?]

"It's settled. As Gremelin, I'd rather die as a fairy than live on as myself."

Gremelin had reached the point where he would rather die as a fairy.
Here is the translation of the text:

"I wonder if that's what happened. So I didn't notice it."

"You can't even imagine the choices you're making."

The ghost had risked his life to come down to the labyrinth. And he had a firm determination to save his own world.

It was hard to understand that his goal was to receive recognition from others, who had no idea what he had gone through.

"How do you...?"

He realized that as soon as he spoke.

"What's the point of asking?"

"It's only possible for cowards."

Yeo-ri. She was a coward, and she had figured out the Grem's mind. He was saying what he wanted and what was at the end.

She said that the Grem was similar to herself.

I didn't understand what that meant before, but now I can.

After clearing the solo mode, Yeo-ri still felt weak and thought she didn't fit in, criticizing herself for being different.

The Grem's kind was not suited to her intelligence, and she was frustrated with the disconnection and the reactions around her.

It seemed similar. That's why she wanted to help the Grem.
Here is the translation of the text:

But she couldn't do that. The grimy one had refused, and she was also mentally overwhelmed.

She was in a hurry to deal with her own problems, so she thought she would come back and talk to the grimy one when she had some spare time later.

But when she delved deep and came back again, the grimy one was already dead.

"It's just self-satisfaction, but..."

The grimy one was not Lee Taeyeon. It was similar, but a different existence. Even if she saved the grimy one, it would have no impact on Lee Taeyeon.

Still, Tae-san wanted to save the grimy one for Lee Taeyeon.

Fault.

I stretch out my wings.

I enhance my senses to read everything around me.

At the end, Tae-san could sense the grimy one.

He was in the fairy realm.

Tae-san ran towards that place. He could see the grimy one's figure soon.

Tae-san scowled.

"Fairy?"

There was a wounded fairy. But the feeling emanating from there was clearly the grimy one's. The ghost took a breath.

"Body transformation? Even with magic, it's hard to do, but did you manage to do it with alchemy?"

I don't know how she did it, but that fairy was clearly the grimy one.

The grimy one shouted...
Here is the translation of the text:

"Ah! As I said, I've become just like you! Accept me!"

However, the fairies were attacking the Gremory, who was shouting this.

Ki-ying.

The light pierced Gremory's leg, and he let out a painful cry as he fell to the ground.

"[A monster is imitating us.] [It's just a joke.] [I really believed it.] [It's really us. How unpleasant.]"

The fairies laughed and swung their lights. The wounds on Gremory's body continued to increase.

Gremory sat on the ground, laughing.

"Of course, it's not possible to accept me."

As he just laughed, the fairies' laughter gradually subsided.

[It's boring.] [Kill him.]

The lights gathered together. When Gremory sensed his death and closed his eyes, Tai Shan moved.

[You have activated acceleration.]

Quack!

The fairy in front of him was pierced in the chest. The fairy coughed up blood and flew away.

"You!"

[You're a scary human!]

Gremory's pupils enlarged. Tai Shan moved his sword towards the straight light that was flying towards him.

Ki-ying!

The light collided with the sword and scattered in all directions.

The fairies shouted loudly.
Here is the translation of the text:

[You are the one who killed us!] [You are a dangerous person!]

Tae-san raised his finger. A spirit began to manifest from Tae-san, taking shape.

[You have activated the Wolf's Authority.]

A translucent wolf appeared. Tae-san commanded, "Speak."

[Howl!]

The wolf howled and ran towards the fairy, who shot a light at it. The fairy let out a scream and the light enveloped the wolf.

[Howl!]

The wolf let out a deafening howl. The lights distorted and passed through the wolf, and it chased after the fleeing fairies.

[Run!][Run!]

The fairies scattered quickly.

Tae-san planted his foot.

He followed the fairies into the forest, and the grim reaper watched him go.

A short while later, Tae-san returned with his body covered in fairy blood.

"What, are fairies naturally created?"

[This is a special layer, so even if I kill them all, they will all reappear in no time. The resurrection speed is much faster than other layers.][Growl.]

Tae-san petted the wolf, which was licking his head. The fairies were unable to resist and were devoured. It was an extraordinary ability.
Here is the translation of the text:

The Taesan, who had sent away the Yeti, looked at the Gremelin.

The Gremelin was sitting on the floor, gazing blankly at him.

"Who are... you!"

The Gremelin's body twisted.

His wings dropped, and his skeleton grew larger.

In a few seconds, the Gremelin had regained his original form.

"Has the time limit ended?"

[It's like a completely different existence. There's no way I can hold on for long. But it's still amazing. To change reality into a real transformation using alchemy...]

There was an uncontrollable gasp in the ghostly voice.

The Gremelin, whose skin was torn apart, gazed blankly at him.

"Who are you... to me?"

He couldn't finish speaking. The Gremelin's body collapsed. The Taesan caught him as he fell.

"He's dying."

[If I don't get treatment quickly, he'll really be dead.]

The Taesan took out a fairy's powder from his inventory and sprinkled it on the Gremelin. The Gremelin's wounds began to recover rapidly.

The Taesan then took the recovering Gremelin back to his home.

About two hours later, the Gremelin opened his eyes.

After regaining his composure, he was astonished.

"Am I still alive?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"So you were going to leave me to die?"

Gremory hastily turned his head. Taesan was sitting in a chair and guarding his side.

Only then did Gremory realize. When he was about to die, Taesan had helped him.

Gremory, who was confused, was spoken to by Taesan.

"Did you ask for a quest knowing you would die?"

"...".

Gremory looked at his own hand in silence.

Claws.

He had returned to his original form, and Gremory realized this. He laughed with a hollow laugh.

"It's over."

"Why did you do such a thing?"

Taesan asked. Gremory, having given up everything, began to speak straightforwardly.

"...No one accepts me."

Gremory tossed his head in a melancholy manner.

"My fellow kin also despise and reject me. Humans are the same. As a Gremory, I am treated like a clown by the circus. I thought that in this place, everything would flow into a labyrinth, but it's not the case here either..."

Gremory laughed. His laughter scattered like autumn leaves in the forest.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Did you see that too? The fairies mocked me. The sea serpent looked down on me as if I were nothing. Even the adventurers who passed by here didn't recognize me as an individual. They only treated me as a tool to give them quests. Even the hero behind you did the same thing."

[What's the point of talking about it then?]

The ghost's mouth was shut. The gremelin burst out laughing.

"What value do you think a life that is not recognized by anyone has?"

[So that's what the fairies said. They said that if we take the same form, they would accept us.]

[You believed that?]

"Not at all. I wouldn't believe the words of such an existence. I didn't believe it, so what's the point of talking about it?"

The gremelin laughed bitterly.

"I just thought maybe. I wanted to grab onto something, no matter how small."

"Was that the case?"

"Because no one wants me. I'm just a tool, that's all."

The ghost, who had been quietly listening, spoke up.

[Definitely, I didn't recognize you as an individual. I just saw you as a part of the quest. That's it... I'm not the only one, I'm sure the guys who passed by were the same.]

"Ah, yes. You did the same thing. You didn't see anything in me."

The gremelin's face became even more gloomy.

The ghost opened its mouth.

[But this guy is different, somehow.]

The gremelin shut its mouth at the ghost's response.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

If I'm to follow your words, you're nothing but a tool to receive a quest. Once the quest is over, there's no longer a reason to be around. But this guy has come to rescue me even though everything is over, right?

Taesan had taken everything from Grimelin, including the reward for the quest and the path to the 52nd floor. There was no longer anything for him to do with Grimelin.

However, he was still here.

Grimelin examined his own body. His body was smooth and unblemished, without a single wound.

"The dust of the fairy..."

Grimelin realized that he had used the reward for the quest on himself.

Taesan opened his mouth.

"I don't have any special feelings towards you."

The existence that Taesan values is people like Lee Taeyoon, Kang Jung-hyeok, and Geum Jung-geun, or Kim Hwi-yeon and others who have lived together. Having seen too many deaths, he doesn't place much value on most humans.

"But I don't think of you as just a tool. If I did, I wouldn't have come to rescue you in the first place."

As a life, I look at things this way.

Grimelin was incredibly confused by his words. Taesan continued to speak.

"Can you believe it?"

A wounded beast is afraid of humans. Lee Taeyoon had also said something similar to Grimelin, but Grimelin did not believe him and kept his distance.
Here is the translation of the text:

But Taesan was different from Taeyoung. Even after the quest was over, he helped the dying Grelmin and even used the fairy's powder on him, and brought him back to his home.

As a result, Grelmin was confused.

He had always wanted to be recognized by someone as a living being, not just a tool. He had lived solely for the sake of being recognized.

"Me, I didn't do anything. Will you accept me?"

But then, the existence in front of him suddenly acknowledged him. He had only given Taesan the quest, without making any effort, and yet it was said.

Taesan replied with a troubled expression.

"There are definitely those who do not deserve to be treated with dignity. Even among humans."

And so, it was. Like the one who devoured the world, there were those who were evil by their very existence.

"But you're not that kind. I don't care what your kind is. And you have the ability to be recognized as a being worthy of treatment as an individual."

"...Ah..."

Grelmin finally realized that he had been accepted by Taesan.

He let out a hollow laugh.

"...I've been struggling for nothing, living this kind of life..."

Here is the translation of the text:

"So, it's hopeless?"

"No."

Gremelin shook his head. He chuckled.

"It's absurd. Nothing has changed, but it feels like the world has changed."

There is someone who acknowledges himself.

There is someone who accepts oneself as a person.

It's a very natural fact that Gremelin found it very new.

Gremelin laughed.

"What's your name?"

"Kang Tae-san."

Gremelin did not ask Tae-san's name. He also did not look at Tae-san as a living being, but rather as a tool to achieve his purpose.

"I'm the same too."

He smiled and opened his mouth.

"My name is not Gremelin. I am Bariza. The name I gave myself when I entered the forest and left my tribe. But I never told anyone my name."

Bariza's eyes were trembling with anxiety.

"Can you call my name?"

"Not difficult at all. Bariza."

Tae-san said. With that, Bariza laughed very happily.

* * *

"So, don't die and live quietly. I'll come visit you sometimes."
Here is the translation of the text:

"Ah, are you going?"

"I have my own purposes."

Barrias wanted to get recognition from someone.

And Taesan's goal was to conquer the labyrinth. He couldn't be tied down here.

Barrias knew that, but he couldn't help but look a bit disappointed.

After a moment of thought, Barrias' expression seemed to change and he spoke.

"You saved my life. And the labyrinth owes you a debt. You've learned alchemy, but don't know how to use it yet?"

Taesan nodded his head. Barrias clapped his hands, seemingly pleased.

"Then it's good. This is my repayment for saving your life. Alchemy is a powerful magic created by the great god. I'll teach you how to use it properly."