
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 218

218. The World of Spiritual Beings and Humans (1)

[Bonus for First Discovery] [Intelligence has permanently increased by 100. Mana has permanently increased by 60.]

The Altar. A passageway connecting the gods and the labyrinth.

The Mountain God gazed at the altar.

The altar stood alone, without any decorations, with only one pillar. A faint aura of nature was wafting out from there.

The Mountain God could guess who the owner of the altar was. And the ghost confirmed his guess.

[The Primordial God of Spirits. Beatrice.]

"Indeed, that's the case."

[You're not a bad god, but... you don't know.]

The Mountain God had slaughtered countless spiritual beings. When all the gods were rejoicing on the battlefield of the gods, the God of Spirits remained silent.

It's unlikely that he is looking at the Mountain God with kindness. In fact, a heavy and ominous aura was emanating from the altar.

[What will you do? It's not like I'll receive it and go, but... you wouldn't do that, would you.]
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san approached the altar before the ghost's words had even finished. The ghost seemed to have expected this, and did not show any surprise.

Tae-san placed his hand on the pillar.

[Sub-quest start] [Beatriece has a proposal for you, who has come to her altar. If you accept, a trial will come to you. If you overcome it, a reward will follow.] [Reward: Beatriece will determine it according to your achievements.]

Unlike before, there was no explanation of the trial in the quest.

Tae-san nodded his head.

[Beatriece's interference area has decreased.] [Beatriece descends.]

God begins to appear. A vast natural phenomenon envelops the entire room.

Beatriece's appearance was different from the gods that had appeared before. Although her form was human-like, her physical body was not materialized. She was formed by the wind itself.

[Human.]

A stern voice rang out. Tae-san bowed his head.

"Greetings, God."

Tae-san could feel the god's gaze directed at the back of his head.

Unlike before, the gaze was not benevolent, but nor was it filled with malice.

The Spirit God spoke.
Here is the translation of the text:

"This is a place where heroes and warriors risk their lives to fight. Although their deaths are unfortunate, I won't blame you for it."

"Thank you."

It seemed unlikely that anyone would reprimand Taesan for killing the spirits of the labyrinth. After all, it's hard to believe that the gods' behinds are that light.

But since there's always a possibility, Taesan relaxed his tense muscles.

"If you touch me again, that young god will get angry, so it's impossible."

"So, what's the purpose of your arrival?"

If it's a simple trial, I wouldn't have descended and would have ended the quest instead.

However, the quest content mentioned that Beatrice would make a proposal.

As the gods had done so far, Beatrice also had something to ask of him.

Beatrice replied:

"You have solved the various problems of the gods. Therefore, I also have something to propose to you."

The wind that formed Beatrice's body exploded.

The space itself began to distort. Taesan closed his eyes due to the rough wind.

When the wind subsided and he opened his eyes again, Taesan saw a giant star in front of him.

"What is this?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"The star's appearance was colorful. It had various colors such as blue, green, and brown, which filled the star densely and made it very beautiful.

[This is a world where spirits and humans coexist. Aurulia.]

Beatrice raised her hand. The world began to move away from her again. Suddenly, the mountain returned to the labyrinth.

[Your task is to go to that world.]

"What is the reason for offering such a proposal to a mortal?"]

She couldn't receive a quest without knowing anything. She needed prior information.

The wind that formed Beatrice began to gather together. As it gathered, it started to take shape.

A spirit was born from the wind.

The spirit born from the wind quickly hid itself in Beatrice's body, looking as if it was afraid of the mountain.

Beatrice stroked the spirit and said:

[What do you think of the Spirit King?]

"I don't think it's a good existence."
Here is the translation of the text:

There was a Lord of the Fiends in the leadership of the guiding spirit. To her, the Great Mountain, who was on the verge of death, was an enemy of the spirit.

[Originally, the Lord of the Fiends was not such an existence. If one were to nitpick... it was a demon. He had seen a dragon in a world he had entered through the quest of a young god.]

"Yes."

The dragon had said that he was the guardian of the world. Although he was trampled upon by the demon, he was a being that no one could approach, except for the transcendent or immortal.

[The Lord of the Fiends is similar to the dragon. It is an existence that protects the world and keeps it safe from external entities. However, recent Auriel is chaotic and dangerous. The Lord of the Fiends' life is about to end, and its position is vacant, which is why.]

"Does the spirit have a lifespan?"

[You would have heard it from the spirit you had destroyed. It is possible to infer.]

The Great Mountain remembered.

The spirit that was embedded in the skull hidden in the room said, "I am a being that has acquired self-awareness through nature." However, nature is originally a being that does not have self-awareness.

Therefore, as a natural being, it was anxious from the start, and to process this anxiety, it created a spirit that had gone mad.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The limitations of one's birth. That is the lifespan of a spirit. Those who have taken their place in the labyrinth are trying to defy that lifespan and live on. I do not deny them. I will neither deny nor affirm them.

"It's a pity that only the spirits who have gone mad have become pitiful."

"I do not interfere with the affairs of spirits."

Beatrice spoke bluntly.

"The matters of the mortal are for the mortal. Whether one tries to transcend the limitations of one's birth or shirks one's duty and runs away, I do not care. It is all their choice."

"Then is it necessary to call upon me?"

If one leaves the affairs of spirits to the spirits, there was no need to make a proposal to the Sage.

Beatrice said.

"Ordinarily, that would be the case. When the Spirit King perishes, a new Spirit King will take its place again. It's just a temporary confusion, but it's not a problem. However... those annoying things have gotten involved."

The tone of the Spirit God was unpleasant.

The Sage instinctively understood what Beatrice was saying.

"Good heavens."

"The ones who have lost their way are sticking their noses into everything. I should have crushed them and not allowed them to approach."

Beatrice snapped her tongue.
Here is the translation:

"[Those beings are intruding into Auralia. Therefore, I will not make a proposal to you. Go and stop the powerful beings that are trying to devour Auralia.] [Start of Sub-Quest] [Beatrice, the Spirit Queen, wants to defeat the powerful beings that are trying to devour Auralia. Enter Auralia and protect it until the Wind Spirit King, who has not yet obtained his full power, gains the qualifications to do so.] [Condition: The Wind Spirit King will not fall or die until he obtains his qualifications.] [Reward: Beatrice will determine the reward based on your achievements.]

"Can't the Spirit Queen come down herself?"

[I'm already burdened with blocking their direct interference. Just like the gods of magic, we cannot completely block their attacks.]

Beatrice spoke again.

[The newly born spirit is weak and incomplete. Once the Spirit King obtains his qualifications, he will gain true power and be able to protect the world, making it impossible for powerful beings to interfere. Until then, we just need to protect the Spirit King. Will you accept it?]

"Yes."

Tai San nodded his head.

[Acceptance of Sub-Quest]

As soon as Tai San accepted, the space began to open up.

Beatrice whispered softly to Tai San, who was moving towards Auralia.

[It won't be easy. There are powerful beings that will hinder you. There's more than one.]

Kuuuung!

Tai San's physical body began to be sucked into the space.

[Move the Spirit King's side. I'll leave the rest to you.]

Just as his physical body was moving to the other side, a sudden powerful force intervened.

Kwajijik."
Here is the translation of the text:

The space began to distort. Beatrice clenched her teeth and released her strength.

[Ugh, really.]

Kwajijij!

The gap in the closing space expanded. Beatrice pointed her finger.

[Go.]

The Taesan quickly inserted his body into the space.

And he arrived at a dense forest in the middle of it.

"It's not near the Queen of Spirits no matter how I look."

[Maybe it was because of the last-minute interference of the divine. It's annoying.]

Taesan expanded his senses to take in his surroundings.

What he felt was a thick, natural aura. There was only one. He didn't sense the aura of the Queen of Spirits.

His quest was to protect the Queen of Spirits.

First, he needed to determine her location. Taesan left the forest and arrived at a path.

He saw that it was well-maintained and looked like a road that people often took. Taesan followed the path.

Before long, a carriage appeared.

And a few people came out near the carriage, fighting with a look of panic on their faces.

"It doesn't look like a world where humans and spirits coexist."
Here is the translation of the text:

They were fighting against the spirits, but these were not ordinary spirits. A spirit that was somehow stained with darkness was exerting its power to oppress people.

People also summoned spirits to counterattack, but they were struggling to defend themselves due to the power disparity.

"The strength of the world is nothing special."

The spirits fighting in the battle were actually very weak compared to the spirits they faced in the labyrinth.

Despite this, they were unable to easily repel the spirits.

"What's going on with the spirits?"

"[Come on, Master! Let's do it!]"

"Be careful on the left!"

Taesan stood still, watching their battle. To understand the location of the Spirit King, he needed information from locals.

He quickly ran and threw a punch.

Thud.

One of the dark-stained spirits broke apart and flew far away.

The eyes of the people engaged in the battle widened in shock.

"What?"

"What, what, what?"

"I'm glad to see you again."

Taesan wiped his hands. Humans gazed at him with blank eyes.

"Ah, spirits with bare hands?"

Taesan looked at the dark-stained spirits.

He felt the power of the gods emanating from them.

"Is this what interference means?"
Here is the translation of the text:

The entity itself seemed to have a corrupting influence, causing corruption.

The bodies of the dark-cloaked entities that faced the Tai Mountain suddenly puffed up.

Tai Mountain gazed at the deep and intense hostility directed at itself.

"What's going on?"

"Hold on!"

"Why are you like that?"

As they turned around, they heard the humans behind them frantically shouting. The entities that seemed to be serving them also puffed up greatly.

They were sending hostility towards Tai Mountain. One of the entities let out a loud cry.

"Our enemy!"

Whoosh!

Flames engulfed Tai Mountain.

Tai Mountain hastily waved its hand to dispel the flames.

However, instead of defending the target, Tai Mountain was attacked. Tai Mountain was taken aback.

"Why are they doing this?"

[Isn't it because of that title?]

"What title?"

Only then did Tai Mountain recall a title.

[Title: Enemy of Nature] [You have destroyed the world of the spirits. The notorious reputation has spread among them.] [All damage to spirits increases by 20%] [The spirits' favorability towards you has decreased drastically.]
Here is the translation of the text:

A significant decrease in favorability. Even if he sees him as an enemy, it's fine. I never thought it would apply even outside the labyrinth.

The spirit servants stained with dark magic and human servants simultaneously attack Taesan. Humans try to stop them, but the spirit servants are not listening.

"Hey, guys!"

"Really! Listen to me!"

[Master! Run away! The author is in danger!]

"Bothered."

Taesan's face contorted.

His hand moved.

The spirit servants burst forth simultaneously.