
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 221

221. The World of Spirits and Humans. Aria (4)

[You are the one who killed your own kin!]

Barka raised his voice and stepped back. Taesan raised an eyebrow.

"How do spirits know about the affairs of the Mysterious Palace?"

The Mysterious Palace and the outside world were separated. Barka was saying that he had killed his own kin with the effect of the title, which was considered hostile.

[Why are you here?]

Barka looked at Taesan from a distance.

[What do you want here, human.]

"It's nothing special."

Taesan drew his sword and pointed it at Barka.

"I want to make a contract with you."

[Does the existence that killed us want to make a contract with spirits?]

"I'd like it to be considered self-defense, but I do want to make a contract. So, if you win, you can do as you please, and if I win, I'll make a contract with you. What do you say?"

[Hooh.]

Barka's voice was filled with interest.

[That sounds fun. I like it. Let's fight once. If I win, you'll be my slave!]
Here is the translation of the text:

Barkajah applauded. Light spread out like the sun in all directions.

Although Tai Shan closed his eyes, it was not just the light that blocked his field of vision. It was a light that engulfed his mind, blocking his normal thoughts.

[Behold, the mighty power of the great spirit!]

Kuku, kuku, kuku!

A beam of divine light shot towards Tai Shan.

Tai Shan stomped his foot. The light pierced through the earth and trees, trying to penetrate Tai Shan.

"Ahahah!"

"What's going on?"

The group led by Aki-en, who were sleeping in a nearby carriage, were startled and jumped up.

"What's happening?"

They had been sleeping peacefully, but suddenly a powerful collision occurred, and it was happening right next to them.

The cries of pain made Tai Shan stomp his foot again.

"Let's give each other some space."

[Are we worried about the lives of the beings here being affected by this? It seems that his compassion is deeper than his thoughts.]

Barkajah applauded again and followed Tai Shan.

Tai Shan landed on a suitable cliff. Barkajah loudly applauded again, and Tai Shan's energy was amplified.
Natural forces joined in. All the forces around him gathered on Barkajah, and his power became even greater.
Here is the translation of the text:

And it becomes a multicolored light and pours down on Tai Shan in streams.

Tai Shan moves his body to dodge. The light pours down like a storm. Tai Shan continues to dodge, but the attack does not stop.

The strength and quantity of the power were stronger than what Tai Shan had seen in any of the spirits.

But Tai Shan was perplexed.

"It's not as expected."

Tai Shan put his strength into his feet. He moved his sword towards the pouring light.

[You have activated the "Flicker" ability.]

The trembling sword touches the light. The trajectory of the light is distorted. As the trajectory is bent, the light continues to wobble and shake.

Kukuku-gung!

[Oh, oh?]

The multicolored light stream is completely blocked.

A gap is created, and Tai Shan rushes towards Barkazza.

Barkazza quickly slaps his fan. The light spreads and illuminates everything about Tai Shan.

[You have activated the "Adventurer's Will" ability.]

The light that has consumed his mind disappears.

Barkazza dodges the pouring multicolored light and arrives right in front of Tai Shan.

[This is it!]

Barkazza hastily draws out his strength. The power of nature begins to gather around him.

Kukuku-gung!

A massive defense forms around Barkazza.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san inserts the sword.

Ka-aa-ang!

And the sword bounces back. Tae-san's eyes widen as he feels the rebound force from his palm.

"It's firm."

The defense was incomparable to an attack.

Ku-gu-gung!

Again, the dazzling light bursts forth.

Tae-san moves his body.

He dodges the flashing light beam and again thrusts the sword at Barka's defense, but the sword bounces back.

[It can't be pierced!]

Barka laughs heartily.

[Even the king's creation cannot easily break through my shield! You can't pierce it with your strength!]

"What's the point?"

Tae-san looks at the flashing light and bends his knee.

[You have randomly activated Blink.]

Tae-san arrives in front of Barka again. Suddenly, Tae-san's sudden movement makes Barka bewildered, but he bursts into laughter, confident in his defense.

[Let's see! Once!]

"I'm thinking that way."

[You have activated Critical Point designation.] [You have activated Addition.] [You have activated Enhancement.] [You have activated Continuous Attack.]

Ka-aa-aa-aa-ang!

The defense shakes with the intense sound.
Here is the translation of the text:

As the sword struck, a faint gold glow began to emanate from the point of impact.

[What's this?]

Baruka was taken aback. Tae-san took advantage of the opening and inserted the spear.

And then inserted the sword again.

Ka-ka-ka-aaaa!

Zhit-k.

The gold glow grew even larger.

Baruka's eyes widened in shock and he quickly shot a beam of light to try and defend himself, but Tae-san moved his hand just in time.

[You have activated Mephisto's sword.]

Ku-gu-gu-gung!

The light pierced through Baruka's defenses and struck him. The uncontrolled light scattered in all directions, causing the cliff to crumble. Tae-san swung his sword even harder.

[You have activated the sword of courage.]

Ka-ka-ka-aaaa!

The gold glow flashed and a small opening appeared.

Tae-san inserted his arm into the opening and swung it wildly, shattering the defenses.

Baruka hastily tried to clap his hands in shock, but Tae-san grabbed his throat.

Kwa-ka-ka!

And then slammed him to the ground. A crater formed on the ground, and the cliff collapsed completely. A massive dust storm spread throughout the forest.

[Not yet!]

"Then keep going."

Tae-san subdued Baruka.
Here is the translation of the text:

After that, it was a one-sided fight. Taesan had read Barkaz's intentions and had already suppressed him before he could do anything. Barkaz couldn't even put up a decent resistance and could only take a beating.

[I lost!]

In the end, Barkaz shouted out his surrender in a state of being half-dead.

Taesan sheathed his sword.

"It's okay, anyway."

I had known from the start that it wouldn't be possible to win against him.

Taesan had defeated a high-level spirit on the 23rd floor before. Compared to that, he had become much stronger, and it was impossible to fight against him as an equal.

Instead, I was surprised. It was unexpected that he had created a defense mechanism to block Taesan's attacks a few times.

Barkaz sighed.

"You're incredibly strong, I guess. There's no one who can fight you except for the king's shield and sword. You're probably a being who can kill his own kind."

"What do you know about the events in the labyrinth?"

"We're spirits in the realm of spirits, so we know everything that happens in any place. If there's a spirit in any location, we'll hear about it. Even if it's a labyrinth created by a mage, we'll know about it."

"So, are the spirits in the labyrinth not your enemies?"

"Why would I think that?"

"They're beings who have outlived their lifespan, abandoned their duties, and fled to the labyrinth."
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhēngrén Shēn. Běiǎitè lì shuō le. Zhēngruáng shì shìjiè zuòhù de cúnzài rúguǒ.

Rúguǒ yǔ shuō dàolái rú, bù de zhēngruáng shì zìjǐ jì kě yào de shìjiè bù láidào míng xiāng lǐrù le.

Tài shān de shuō yú bǎ kǎ jiǎo zhēng miàn le.

[Shì nǎ gè shén me bèi dì le?]

“nǐ yě zhī dào cúnzài gěi.”

[Míng xiāng de zhēngruáng shuō le gèng shì ma? Bù zhēn de shuō yú bù shì. Zìjǐ yì wù bù láidào qián cúnzài de rén lǐ. Dàn hǎishì gèng shì wǒmen de tóng zhī yě. Ài xiè de duì xiàng rú yǐ gùn yì.]

Bǎ kǎ jiǎo qiǎo hǎo shuō le.

[Ēr zhi fù dén…… wǒ shì nà ge gèi gèi. Nà ge gèi gèi yì huì huì gèi gèi. Yuàn yì shì ma?]

“grè.”

Wū wēng.

Zì rán de shì lì bèng qiē xíng xíng zhuàng. Zhe shì jiǎo yǔ yǒu xiàng xíng zhuàng le. Zhe shì shì yǔ tai shān hé bǎ kǎ jiǎo de qián miàn le.

[Wǒ shì duō chǎi fàng zài gèi shàng jiào zhēngruáng. Bǎ kǎ jiǎo. Wǒ de zhēngruáng wèi yī shēng chǎn yù sǐ mìng yù shī wǒmen gèi gèi gèi yù shēng chǎn yù. Fàng zhī yǐ?]

Tài shān shì gǒu guò jiǎo yǐ.

Shì lì bèng qiē xíng zhuàng le.

Zhe shì jiǎo yǔ yǒu xiàng xíng zhuàng le. Zhe shì shì yǔ tai shān hé bǎ kǎ jiǎo de jiǎo yǔ yǒu xiàng xíng zhuàng le.

[Shì shì jiǎo yǔ yǒu xiàng xíng zhuàng le. Zhe shì shì yǔ tai shān hé bǎ kǎ jiǎo de jiǎo yǔ yǒu xiàng xíng zhuàng le.]

Note: The text appears to be a fantasy story, and the translation is in Simplified Chinese characters.
Here is the translation of the text:

You have learned magic. You have obtained the magic skill: Spirit Contract. You have made a contract with the top-grade spirit Barkaza, who has a diverse range of colors.

You feel a new power that you have never felt before. Barkaza said calmly.

"I will be your shield and your sword from now on. I will protect you and crush your enemies, and you are my master."

A small emblem, a proof of the contract, was drawn on the palm of the mountain god's hand.

The contract is over. Barkaza sighed.

"Is our contract with the enemy after a few hundred years? It's both happy and strange." "Hello?"

The ghost waved its hand. Barkaza closed his mouth.

"...Who are you?" "...I can see you. It's like a kind of subordinate relationship, isn't it? It's amazing." "Ho ho. Are you the existence of the labyrinth?"

While the two were chatting, the mountain god was checking the skills.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Divine Magic] [Mastery: 1%] [A technique for commanding and utilizing the power of spirits. It's still quite rough and hasn't yet been able to fully harness the power.]

[Divine Skill: Spirit Contract] [Mastery: 1%] [By contracting with spirits, one can summon and command them, but still hasn't been able to fully harness their power.]

[Contract: Baraka, a top-grade spirit with a variety of colors. Baraka] [Mastery: 1%] [Summoning mana consumption: 300] [I've contracted with Baraka and can summon it to give orders and utilize its power to some extent.]

Using Baraka's power, what it can do is what matters.

"What can you do?"

[It's like being a guardian, just like the owner. My own attacks aren't particularly impressive. Compared to other top-grade spirits, I'm not as strong. But in terms of defense, it's different.]

Baraka applauded. The natural energy had gathered, and it began to bind them.

[It's my defense that's not been broken by other top-grade spirits. The owner made it look easy, but still.]

"Is that power something I need to manage?"

[What do you mean?]

"That's a power that can only be used when I'm nearby."

[No, as long as I'm summoned, the owner doesn't need to pay much attention to me. I can basically do as I please, unless I'm recalled.]

"Okay, that's fine."

It was quite common for the Earth's mountains to be far away from other people. When the owner was not around, Baraka could watch over things, which meant that Baraka would take care of things when the owner was absent.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Other than that, there is also the power to assist the power of other spirits, but it would be meaningless to the master.]

“Assist?”

[I am a natural spirit in and of itself. Unlike other spirits, I do not have a specific attribute.]

Upon thinking about it, the Great Mountain is a spirit that calls forth all the power around it when summoning a spirit. It is not a spirit with a specific attribute, like Akiel.

[If the master makes a contract with another spirit, I can increase the power of that attribute. However, it is impossible for the master. There may be other spirits that can contract with the master, I wonder.]

[You have ignited a small spark.]

The flames erupt. The king's power, contained within it, is poured into the surroundings of the Great Mountain.

“It's definitely stronger.”

The color of the flickering flames had deepened compared to before. The power had increased to a significant extent.

The Great Mountain extinguished the fire.

Barkaga trembled.

[That power is... .]

“There's an opportunity.”

[Is there an opportunity to obtain the king's power, I wonder?]

Barkaga let out a sarcastic smile.

[Is it possible to go that far in the labyrinth? It's interesting.]

A thick sense of interest was evident in Barkaga's voice.
Here is the translation of the text:

"So, since we've made a contract, I'll also have to enter the labyrinth, right?"

"Perhaps that's the case?"

"Hoh."

Barkazar's eyes lit up. Taesan was puzzled by his visibly delighted expression.

"Don't you hate me? You killed our fellow tribespeople, after all."

"As a spirit, I should take revenge on the one who killed our fellow tribespeople, but I've already lost. Crying out for revenge here would only be the lamentation of a defeated person. Moreover, I have something more important than that."

Barkazar said with a smile:

"What does the world look like from your master's perspective?"

"It's very peaceful."

"Ah, yes. Our god has allowed the contract between spirits and the world, and now our king, who has disappeared, is kindly allowing the contract. Thanks to this, everyone is living comfortably, making contracts with spirits without any discomfort. I dislike that."

There was a hint of exhaustion in Barkazar's voice.

"This world is always static, with no major events happening. Since there's no discomfort, there's no argument, and people just live on. This is boring. After living like this for hundreds of years, even a spirit like me would become mentally exhausted."
Here is the translation of the text:

He slapped Taesan's hand.

[I want a fierce life. I'm talking about a fight that's like a burst of blood, a battle to the death. If I make a contract with a human as my master, it would be a joyful thing.] [A spirit that desires battle. This is quite unusual.]

Barkazza was amazed at the spirit's fighting spirit. The spirit loved peace and did not like quarreling with anyone. That was what Barkazza had seen of the spirit so far.

Taesan replied:

"Don't worry, I won't be worried. I'm going to fight until I'm exhausted."

[That's fortunate.]

Barkazza was delighted.

[Then, let's not ask again. Why did you come to this world? Everyone will reject their master, don't they?]

"My god entrusted a mission to me."

[... God?]

Barkazza was taken aback.

[Could it be Beatrice lady?]

"Let's talk about the details later. Let's go back first."

Taesan moved his body. Barkazza was startled and followed behind him.