
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 224

224. The King of the Wind Spirits, Minerva (2)

Haska walked confidently towards the core, with people following behind him. A high-ranking spirit was trailing behind him as well.

People felt a powerful energy emanating from the spirit.

A gentle aura spread throughout the group, making them feel reverence simply by existing.

They all thought that even if they rushed in, they couldn't be assured of victory. They thought that way.

He was getting closer to the core. Greed was written all over Haska's face.

"Oooh..."

He could already feel a powerful force, even though he hadn't arrived yet. At least, the high-ranking spirit he had contracted with was a power that could be felt in the core.

'If I just swallow that, I'll get it!'

He was able to obtain power.

He struggled to suppress his excitement and asked,

"Is the preparation for the realm complete?"

"No, it seems like we'll need a little more time."

"Why is it taking so long?"

"I'm sorry. We just need to fine-tune a few things......"

Haska's eyes widened in anger.
Here is the translation of the text:

This guy and that guy were useless. If I just got my strength, I would have destroyed everything.

They were almost at the core.

And Hasak's footsteps stopped.

"What's that?"

Hasak's face contorted.

A human with black hair was leaning against the core, closing his eyes.

"What's that?"

"Who is that person standing by the core?"

People were astonished. And Akihen let out a small gasp.

"Ah..."

The person next to the core was Taesan. Marianne asked.

"Who is it?"

"......I don't know."

Akihen shook her head. She sealed her lips and looked at Taesan with complex eyes.

"What's that. That person."

Hasak looked at Taesan with a twisted face.

"......I don't remember that face. Isn't that someone who can't be accessed from the outside?"

"No, that's definitely not the case."

The person in charge of the seal was flustered. The seal was still working smoothly without any problems.

It was clear that no one except those allowed should enter, but the man in front of them looked like an outsider standing right next to the core.

"Who is that person?"
Here is the translation of the text:

Hundreds of people were watching the Taesan, and they were all amazed.

In that moment, Taesan opened his eyes.

As Taesan slowly stood up, the amazement on the faces of the people came to a halt.

"Who are you?"

Hahaska stepped forward and shouted, his face contorted with emotion.

"That's my place! Get out immediately! Otherwise, I'll kill you!"

Taesan's gaze fell on Hahaska, and Hahaska suddenly jerked in surprise.

A gaze that carried no value or emotion, a gaze that seemed to see him as a mere tool.

It was a gaze that Hahaska had never seen before.

[Master. The author is......]

The high-ranking spirit let out a sigh.

[Danger. It's best to retreat first.]

"Get out of here!"

Hahaska shouted harshly, shaking his hands nervously.

"A lowly human! Get out already!"

"I'm sorry, but that's not possible."

Taesan opened his mouth. Although his voice was small, it seemed to be amplified, and it struck their ears.

"This is a place where you are not allowed to be. Go back."

"H!"

Hahaska ridiculed Taesan.
Here is the translation of the text:

"There was a Buraryujiga. Do you know that you're the same kind as him?"

He was often there. This was a sacred existence, and humans should not dare to touch it, so they ran around in front of it, shouting.

All of them believed in their own strength and resisted Haskar.

But now, all of them no longer exist in this world.

"How did you break through the seal, I don't know, but I don't have time to talk to someone like you."

Haskar nodded to the high-ranking spirit. The high-ranking spirit let out a sigh.

[Master... ...]

"Yes!"

[Damn it.]

The spirit finally spat out a curse and looked at the mountain with a serious gaze.

A power emanated from the high-ranking spirit. The surrounding people gasped at the power.

"Wow... ..."

"This is a high-ranking spirit... ..."

They were unable to imagine the power that had gathered. That gathered power shot towards the mountain.

Everyone thought that the mountain would be crushed by the power. The weak-minded ones turned their eyes away.

The mountain opened its mouth.

"Barukaaza."

Koooouung!

A Golari was summoned before the mountain.

The high-ranking spirit was shocked.

[Barukaaza, sir!]

Kaaaaaang!
Here is the translation of the text:

The strength clashed with the golem, causing a massive shockwave.

There was not a single scratch on Barkazar's body.

[I've really grown strong, I'm quite useful now.]

Barkazar smiled with a mischievous grin. The high-ranking spirit swallowed its saliva.

[Why are you here...? Why, if it's a contract, then...]

"Is that you, Barkazar?"

"That's Barkazar?"

"Are you sure...?"

The people around them who had overheard the conversation between spirits whispered to each other. Haskar exclaimed with a bewildered face.

"What's going on?"

His attack had been blocked.

Haskar had never even imagined such a thing. Barkazar smiled at Haskar with a cold smile.

[Are you a human who has made a contract with a high-ranking spirit after a long time? You're ferocious and lacking in etiquette, and you won't live long.]

"...Who are you?"

Haskar shouted with a mix of denial and shock. He himself had some inkling, but he couldn't believe it.

His denial was shattered by Barkazar.

[I am the supreme spirit with a diverse range of colors. I am Barkazar.]

Barkazar unleashed the strength he had been holding back.

People took a breath in unison.

The unbridled strength overwhelmed them.
Here is the translation of the text:

Just the aura emitted by him was enough to make a superior saint seem mediocre.

Baruka stood before the portal.

[I'm sorry, but this person is someone I must protect. I cannot allow you to approach him any further.]

***

People couldn't help but be shocked.

There was a human who existed hundreds of years ago.

He believed that the entire world was impossible and made a contract with the strongest saint. With overwhelming power, he advanced towards the world, and alone, he brought the entire world to its knees.

The name of the saint with whom he made the contract was Baruka.

A great existence that could be seen in history books was standing before them.

"Then, what?"

The saint said that in order to exist in the human world, one had to make a contract with a superior saint. In other words, it meant that someone had made a contract with a superior saint.

Their gaze naturally turned towards the Taesan.

"...Don't joke around!"

Haska shouted loudly.

"A human who made a contract with a superior saint? That's just a simple legend!"

"But, however..."

The feeling could be felt. That was really a superior saint, and it was incomparable to the saint with whom they had made the contract.

"I don't believe it. Attack!"

[Master!]
Here is the translation of the text:

"Attack without hesitation!"

[Haha.]

The senior spirit sucked in a deep breath and gathered its strength. Haskar turned his head roughly.

"You too! Hurry!"

"Hmm, but..."

The people hesitated. Haskar scowled.

"I'll kill all the weaklings!"

As if it were true, the senior spirit's strength gathered on Haskar's body. The people were forced to summon the spirits and gather their strength.

Barkazar chuckled softly.

[Master, what should we do?]

"If words won't work, I'll scold you. Just as well. I need to gauge your strength too."

A multitude of spirits, and one senior spirit.

It was the best condition for understanding the spirits' strength.

"Try it once, as you want."

[That's what I've always wanted to say.]

Barkazar clapped his hands in excitement.

[Alright, let's go. My fellow spirits, try to defeat me with your strength.]

"...Die!"

Haskar shouted.

The spirits' strength poured out at once.

[The official's words, indeed.]
Here is the translation of the text to English:

Hundreds of lights covered the sky. It was a breathtaking landscape.

Baruka clashed his hands together.

Kuuuung!

A massive barrier formed around the core, which was one of Baruka's powers, his defense power.

Kuguguguguung!

The spirits' attacks hit the barrier.

The barrier did not shake at all and blocked all the attacks.

[My king has shown mercy to you, so do not harm you.]

Baruka clapped his hands together. Just like when he attacked Tai Shan, the lights began to pour down like a torrent.

"Ahh, ahh, ahh!"

"Run away!"

They screamed.

The pouring lights pierced the spirits exactly. The spirits, unable to withstand the shock, began to be recalled one by one.

"Can we control each light beam?"

Tai Shan's eyes sparkled. If they could control all the beams, no matter how many weak monsters there were, they would be unable to approach, just like the sound saying that it's the same. It was a significant advantage in thinking about the battle on Earth.

[Baruka sir!]
Here is the translation of the text:

The superior spirit let out a loud cry, gathered its strength, and created a shield. However, the moment a beam of light touched it, it shattered into pieces.

[Crash!]

"Ah, this...this..."

Hasak's mouth hung open in amazement.

Thousands of beams of light were erasing the spirits.

Although they were only low-ranking spirits, they were unable to put up any resistance even when gathered together in their hundreds.

"...This is impossible!"

[What are you doing, Baraka?! Are you trying to whip the back of your master?]

Baraka gave a nonchalant response.

[So, what am I supposed to do? Try to whip the back of my master?]

[Why did you make a contract with such a person?! And why are you here?!]

The superior spirit grew angry.

[...Unbelievable! You're going after the one behind you!]

[It's similar, but there are many differences.]

The contract between the spirit and Mount Tai was unknown even to Baraka, and of course, the superior spirit would not have known. The superior spirit mistakenly believed that Mount Tai was plotting against their king.

[Why are you doing this?!]

[Shut up!]

Baraka spoke carelessly.
Here is the translation of the text:

[I have lost to my master. Therefore, I will receive my master's treatment. If you have any complaints, try to crush me with your strength.]

...Barakaza, sir!

The power of the supreme being has been pulled.

Haskar growled.

"What's going on? What's going on?"

"Yes, the preparations are complete! But..."

"Stop it!"

"Yes, yes!"

Wooo!

The area created around the supreme being begins to operate. The energy of the lower-ranking beings, which was fleeing in a hurry, is sucked in towards the supreme being.

"Master, master!" ["I'm hurt!"]

The lower-ranking beings tremble but cannot escape the power of the area. Ultimately, all the unsummoned spirits are forcibly summoned, and their energy converges on the supreme being.

"Oooh..."

The power of the supreme being has become strikingly strong.

"Now it won't be easy from now on. I will crush you for the sake of our king.] [It'll be fun. Let's try it once.]"

Kuuu!

The spirits and their powers collide. The supreme being did not recoil as it had said.

"Is it a method of gathering the power of spirits and amplifying it? That's interesting."

Taisan muttered.

But that was all.
Here is the translation of the text:

Barkajah slapped his hand. Hundreds of light rays shot towards the high-ranking spirit.

The high-ranking spirit gathered its strength and unleashed it.

The light rays scattered in all directions.

However, the scattered light rays gathered again and shot forth once more.

Kuku-kuku-kung!

[Ah!]

"What a difference in power!"

The high-ranking spirit had gathered its strength to become even stronger, but it was still a high-ranking spirit. The difference in power between it and the top-ranking one was unbridgeable.

Barkajah said to the struggling high-ranking spirit.

"Don't worry too much. What you're thinking of is not that kind of thing. In fact, it's almost the opposite."

"This is impossible!"

Haska shouted loudly.

"I'm the strongest human in the world!"

The absolute truth he had believed in had shattered.

"I'm a man who will go to the labyrinth! I'll become the strongest man in the world, surpassing even the gods, in that place!"

"What are you talking about?"

Tae-san scolded.

Haska was definitely strong. It couldn't be denied.

If he went down to the labyrinth, he could easily go down to the 20th floor without any problems.

However, that was all.

Those who were more talented or had more experience couldn't withstand it and would either die or have their will broken in the labyrinth.
Here is the translation of the text:

"My dream is so grand."

So I thought I would show you the reality.

"Get out of the way."

[Who is the master?]

Tae-san gave an order to Barkazar. Barkazar was startled and retreated.

[Human......]

A high-ranking spirit struggled to stand up.

"Come on!"

"...Oh!"

Haskar laughed.

A human fighting a spirit with his body. That was an impossible task. Haskar thought that Tae-san had gone crazy from being bewitched by the spirit's power.

"Kill him!"

[......Our enemy!]

The high-ranking spirit rushed in fiercely.

The high-ranking spirit, who had received the power of hundreds of low-ranking spirits, was so powerful that it reached the level of the strongest spirits.

The high-ranking spirit's power crashed into Tae-san's body.

Tae-san casually held up his fist.

By the time I thought about moving this fist, the high-ranking spirit's body had already broken apart.

"...Huh?"

[This, human!]

The high-ranking spirit stood up again, filling in the lost body and charging forward once more.

Tae-san casually shook his hand. The spirit's power dissipated.

[Wow!]

A casual hand gesture.

A casual punch.
Here is the translation of the text:

One by one, the high-ranking spirits seemed to be on the verge of collapse. Hashak couldn't believe what was happening right in front of him.

"What's going on? How can humans be so powerful against spirits...?"

The power of spirits was beyond human reach.

Even low-ranking spirits were like that, but high-ranking spirits didn't need to say anything. They possessed the power to hold back a raging flood and temporarily stop a landslide.

However, a spirit like that was unable to do anything to a ordinary human and was being pushed away.

"That's the absolute power of a high-ranking spirit, which you believe in yourself. It's nothing in the labyrinth."

"...Are you kidding me?"

Hashak's eyes widened at Taesan's words.

Taesan clenched his fist.

The high-ranking spirit felt a sense of unease and strengthened its defense, wrapping everything around itself.

The fist moved.

The defense was shattered, and the high-ranking spirit was recalled back.