
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 229

229. Creating a Dark World (4)

The branch of evil stretched out from the Taesan, spreading across the world.

Haskar's body trembled with an otherworldly power.

"That's it."

The power that this world could possess is not something one can have. Just like the power I possess, it's an unallowed power that Haskar realized.

"...But!"

At the same time, Haskar was able to realize.

This branch is so low in grade compared to the power I control, like a shadow.

Haskar, confident in his victory, swung the shadow. The shadow engulfed everything and rushed towards the branch.

Snap-snap.

The branch and the shadow collided.

And the shadow burst apart.

"What's going on?"

Haskar was startled. Taesan continued to spread the branch as if it were nothing.

"Your control over power is certainly high, but the difference in the person controlling it is even greater."

The difference between his grade and Haskar's grade was creating this result.

The branch slowly but surely spread out.
Here is the translation of the text:

The shadow that had occupied the space broke apart and created a path towards Haskar. Taesan gripped his sword.

It was.

Haskar let out a fierce cry, his face contorted in a mixture of fear and anger, as he faced Taesan.

Whoa! The shadow is rising!

It swirled around Taesan like a whirlwind, trying to engulf him. No matter how weak the user might be, the power of the sword is formidable. It cannot be underestimated.

So Taesan didn't underestimate it and was determined to crush it.

The sword moved.

The shadows were crushed and disappeared. Taesan twisted his body and kicked his legs, dodging and crushing the swirling darkness. In an instant, it reached Haskar's face.

Haskar let out a scream and wrapped his body in the shadow.

Taesan raised his hand.

Ka-ching!

He forced the shadow out of the space. Haskar's physical body was revealed.

Ka-ching!

Taesan's sword was stuck.

[$#@! took 253 damage.]

"Ah, Ah!"

Haskar gathered his strength. The shadow rushed towards him through the ground.

Taesan stomped on the ground with his foot.

He pushed away the shadow that was about to engulf him. He shook his sword and crushed the shadow. Then he pushed Haskar with his shoulder, and Haskar flew back with a painful cry.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Blame.

[You have accelerated.]

Tai-san immediately grabbed his body. He frantically waved his shadow, and it shattered. He tried to defend himself with his body, but it was forcibly torn apart.

"Ahh, ahh, ahh!"

Haska let out a scream and resisted, but it was meaningless. He was easily subdued and thrown to the ground.

"Ahh!"

Fear crept onto Haska's face.

No matter what he did or what method he used, everything was shattered.

He felt a sense of self-assurance that he was strong and no one could match him. He was trembling with fear and unleashed his strength. Of course, his emotions alone would not pose a threat to Tai-san.

Snap.

He lightly shattered and stabbed the tip of his sword into Haska's neck.

The shadow tried to cover that part, but it was already torn and forced to reattach, only to fall apart again.

He dies.

That fear clung to Haska. His sense of self that was holding him up began to waver.

He was maintaining his balance on the edge of a cliff, but it collapsed due to fear."
Here is the translation of the text:

"It can't be!"

Haska was trembling with fear and shouting, but it was already too late. The shadow had engulfed everything.

At the same time, Taesan's instincts warned him. This is dangerous. We need to get away immediately.

The shadow burst out.

It was much thicker and deeper than before. The pouring shadow shattered the branches of evil and scattered in all directions.

Taesan stomped his foot. He tried to block the shadow, which was drawing a dark outline on the world, but it was not easy.

"Ack!"

Taesan shook his head and managed to shake off the sudden interference.

[You have activated a random blink.]

Taesan looked at Haska from a distance.

[This is...]

Darkness was flowing out of every hole on Haska's body.

[It's dangerous... but.]

Haska's shape took the form of a head, looking up.

It was looking at Taesan.

[!@#!@$%]

[!@@#!#!......]

[!@$!$!!!] [Judgment successful!]

Unfamiliar judgments are being attempted. Although he succeeded in shaking off the interference, he felt a sense of unease throughout his head.

"Ah."
Here is the translation of the text:

It was a laugh that seemed to mock or enjoy itself, an uncertain laugh.

[Ugh.]

The ghost's body trembled with unease. Even he, who was left with only his sanity, was affected by its gaze.

"Is this what you've been planning?"

Tai Shan infused strength into his hand holding the sword.

Tai Shan sensed a gigantic existence hidden deep within the Haaska. However, it was just a lingering residue left behind by a contract. It couldn't affect this place.

It had to be that way.

[Psychic collapse... loss of self. The balance of the contract was broken, and the channel of power linked to it... was forced to expand.]

The ghost let out a pained cry.

Haaska had taken the form of a tunnel.

And on the other side of the tunnel, a gigantic existence was directly gazing at this place.

One could feel the gaze of a high-ranking being.

"Barakaza, get out of here."

[Ugh. Sorry, master.]

Barakaza hastily backed away. He couldn't bear this darkness with his sanity.

Gulp.
Here is the translation of the text:

As I walked through the tunnel, I felt an overwhelming energy. The rough shadow engulfed everything and rushed towards me.

The Taesan struck the ground.

Kka-kka-kka!

The darkness swirling around me was blocked by my sword. Then, the darkness coiled around my sword like a snake.

"Kuk!"

Kka-kka-kka!

Taesan struggled to shake off the sword, which was twisted cruelly.

The shadow that had consumed the surroundings made my head spin.

Just looking at it was already affecting Taesan's mind.

"[It's dangerous. That's the power of the divine that's being directly controlled. Even if it's about to overflow, the owner of the power will still exert it.]"

The ghost swallowed its saliva.

"[I have to escape. This tunnel won't last long.]"

Even now, the messenger's seal was trembling and about to collapse.

It would probably close in a few minutes. The forced energy injection resulted in this outcome. If I escape, I can survive.

Blame.

But Taesan put strength in his feet.

"No."

"Why, why?"

"If I run away, what will happen to this world?"

The ghost froze.

The Jing Wang and Jing Shen were still fighting in the sky. There was no time to block the darkness in front of me.
Here is the translation of the text:

If he runs away now, the Demon King will spread his power throughout this world.

And when the passage is closed, the world will be in shambles.

"My quest is to protect the Spirit King. Even if the world collapses, the Spirit King will not be safe either."

That will be the Demon King's plan.

So I will fight.

That was the decision of the Great Mountain.

[...Is there a way to win?]

"To some extent."

The Great Mountain's eyes fell.

[I trust your choice.]

The ghost said and closed his mouth.

The Great Mountain drew his sword. And at that moment, a massive entity descended from the sky.

[Are we here yet?]

"Is it okay to come this way?"

[Thanks to that brat being concerned about this side, I've gained some freedom.]

Beatrice looked at the shadowy Haschel.

[I almost wanted to kill you, you know. If it's going to interfere like this, I won't be able to stay here for a while.]

Beatrice laughed.

[Then I'll have to crush it.]

Kiiing.

Light descended upon the Great Mountain.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Spare some of your strength. I don't have enough leisure to use my full strength, but that's the same for him too. I'll be able to withstand his attack to some extent.]

"Thank you."

[Then come and win. Mortal.]

Beatrice's figure reappeared.

Tae-san began to assess the situation calmly.

The tunnel was about to collapse at any moment, just like the ghost's words.

If I could succeed in one blow, I could immediately shut it off.

Tae-san rushed towards the darkness.

The figure erupted like a tidal wave.

Kah-ka-ka!

The sword clashed. A strong pressure and a sense of unease could be felt in the grip.

Tae-san used his strength roughly. The darkness was repelled.

The force coming from the tunnel was endless.

Since the holy spirit had directly blessed him, he could push it back with his strength.

So it's possible.

[You have ignited the spark of disaster.]

Whooo!

The flames rose fiercely towards the darkness. The apocalyptic flames were about to engulf the world, but couldn't quite reach the edge of the shadows.

However, that was enough.

Kah-ka-ka!

Tae-san swung his sword, creating a narrow opening.

Suddenly, the area around Tae-san was left with only darkness.
Here is the translation of the text:

In the depths of the dark and profound abyss, Tai Shan advanced.

 Ka!

He blocked the darkness that was about to engulf him. The tip of his sword was gradually shrouded in shadow.

He trembled with rage. The shadowy figures approaching him like snakes were pushed back slightly.

Beatrix's power, wrapped around Tai Shan, condensed according to his will. The gathered light shattered the shadow and created a path.

Hmph!

Tai Shan advanced forward.

There was no ghost. This shadow was just a mere illusion, and he could not bear it alone.

He walked alone.

The shadows gradually encroached on his field of vision. The benevolent protection of Beatrix's power also began to fade.

Ka ka!

Tai Shan pulled out even more light.

He grasped his sword with all his might and brought it down. The shadow broke apart, and a narrow path for one person to pass through was created.

Tai Shan entered that place.

His spiritual energy was exhausted. Beatrix's power also gradually dissipated.

But he did not stop walking.

He advanced forward, utilizing the power of his skills to dispel the darkness.

Hmph!

And then, beyond the darkness, the figure of Hasak appeared.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san wielded his sword roughly.

Kaga-gang!

The shadow broke and the figure of Hasa-kr appeared.

This was the last one. But Tae-san's footsteps stopped.

Before Hasa-kr, a dark and deep darkness was gathered.

Tae-san realized. The shadow that filled the corridor from all sides was not just an illusion, but the true intention of the high spirit, which was to target itself.

The darkness exploded.

A deep and powerful force enveloped Tae-san.

[What?]

The ghostly body that was waiting anxiously outside began to tremble.

Tae-san and the ghost were connected by a quest. Naturally, if Tae-san died, the ghost would return to the labyrinth.

This connection was now trembling.

[...What, could it be.]

The ghostly voice that was filled with unease cried out.

* * *

In the darkness, Tae-san saw the endless underworld.

Tae-san calmly analyzed the situation.

When he arrived at the entrance of the corridor, the darkness enveloped him. It was gathering its strength to kill one person, Tae-san.

It was not a physical attack.

"Mind interference."

It was a darkness that directly descended into his mind.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san lifted his gaze.

A gigantic existence was beyond the abyss.

It, whose form was unknown, looked at Tae-san.

Quack.

Just by that, his entire body began to tremble. The sensation of his limbs melting away covered his entire body.

He had to bow down, unable to resist the existence that was beyond his control, and beg for mercy. The alarm bell in his mind rang incessantly, urging him to surrender.

"Snap out of it!"

Tae-san shook his head.

The interference dissipated.

He took a step towards the gigantic thing.

As he got closer, the pressure intensified. He could no longer feel his limbs, and his thinking was not clear.

But he took another step forward.

"I am I."

His spirit was his own. His body was his possession.

He exists in this world as himself. Even if he were a god or a high-ranking spirit, no one could interfere with his self.

If he were to be consumed by such darkness, he would have collapsed from the start.
Here is the translation of the text:

The self that is close to absolute is suppressing its instincts. Taesan moved his steps again in the darkness.

It's so eerie!

The shadow that swallowed him is corroding.

Taesan drew his sword.

Eerie eerie!

The darkness was shattered.

When the world was revealed again, he was standing in front of Haksek.

This is the last one. Taesan has put all his spiritual energy into his sword.

Whoa!

Taesan's sword pierced through the tunnel.

The tunnel let out a scream and collapsed, causing the shadow that was stretching towards the world to be sucked in.

The existence beyond the broken tunnel gazed at him with a strange gaze.

Ka-ka-a!

The tunnel collapsed.

The fragments born from the collapse scattered and began to stick to Taesan's body.

[Your spiritual energy has been activated. The proficiency of the special skill [Distorted Spiritual Regulation] has increased by 7%. The proficiency of ??? has increased by 5%. The proficiency of Mingjingzhi has increased by 32%. You have obtained the transcendent [Black Sword].]

A strange sensation swept across Taesan's entire body.

It was a familiar yet alien kind of power.

[You!]
Here is the translation of the text:

As the darkness dissipated, the ghost-like figure rushed in like a madman.

"What's going on?! Suddenly, the connection has become abnormal!"

"Be serious."

Tae-san shook his head.

"You, you. What's...?"

The ghost couldn't restrain its anger and stuttered in its words. The suddenly shaken connection seemed to be abnormal. It was as if Tae-san's very existence was tainted and twisted.

"It's over anyway. Let's talk about it later."

Tae-san looked up at the sky.

The wavering, crimson-colored power and aura were gradually fading away.

"That's over too."