
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 243

243. The Fourth Return to Earth (10)

"Hmm..."

Minerva waves her arm like a giant, and a gust of wind becomes a storm. Wooo!

The giant slaps down its arm, and the storm that has risen is crushed and bursts open.

Minerva dodges the attack with a kick.

Kuuu! Kuuu!

The ground bursts open, and a tidal wave of debris spreads out in all directions.

"Ah, ha ha!"

[Are you okay?]

"I'm fine. I'm fine. Even if it's strong, it's not a problem."

Wooo!

The monster's arm moves.

Just by swinging, the wind rises. Minerva kicks the monster's arm.

Paa! Paa!

The wind shoots out like a cannon, colliding with the monster's arm. The wind breaks open and the arm bounces back. The monster's stance is disrupted, and Barkazza pats it on the back.

Kii! Kii!

A beam of light shoots towards the monster. The monster grabs its stance and opens its mouth.

Ku-hu!

A howling scream like an animal spread out. The light beams are swallowed up by the screams and disappear.
Here is the translation of the text:

Minerva and Barkazza. They are enemies who cannot be easily defeated.

Even among the top-tier A-grade, Minerva stood out. Minerva lifted her body up to the sky, muttering to herself.

"How can the master be so angry? How much hatred is being received?"

"What are you going to do? You are the king.]

"Alright."

Minerva's eyes narrowed.

The monster was strong.

Not only was its physical power strong, but it also had a sense of self-importance. If it were to be defeated, it would be almost impossible to do so.

"If I use my full strength, I can make it a near-death state, but... then I'll be summoned again."

Minerva is the Archangel Queen. Compared to the original power of the Archangel, her current strength is far superior.

However, at present, she is in a state summoned by the Mountain King, and her strength is weaker than that of the Mountain King. Compared to the monster, she was not significantly superior.

Moreover, Minerva is a divine being who has descended to this place. The power she possesses is the power of the divine being, which is temporary and can be consumed. The more she uses her power, the shorter the time she can stay in this place will be.

"Let's do it slowly for now."
Here is the translation of the text:

The monster lowers its arm, causing the wind to spread out in all directions.

Minerva snapped her fingers.

She controls the wind that was born from the monster's movement, condensing and rotating it to gather it just below the monster's arm. Just before it reaches her, she bursts it out.

Kuuhuuu!

The monster is repelled.

She is the wind's spirit queen. The wind itself was hers.

She controlled only the wind born from the monster's power, without using her own strength, and sent the monster flying.

"'Even if we've won, nothing will change, right?'"

[That's right. The main character is separate, anyway.]

Barkazar slaps his hand, and the monsters rushing towards them are hit by a rainbow-colored whip.

"'Then let's enjoy this situation. It's annoying to be troubled by these things. How happy it is.'"

Minerva smiled slightly and raised her hand, and a small storm gathered there.

* * *

The situation of the Seoul players was not good at all.

Most of the monsters they were fighting were C-grade or B-grade bottom-tier. Even hard mode players could barely win against D-grade monsters, making victory almost impossible.
But they didn't give up.

Kim Hui-yeon brandished her weapon and shouted.

"Shield formation! Forward! Hard players, fall back!"

People moved in unison according to her orders. Iji and normal players stood facing the monsters, while hard players fell back and took a breather.

Zzzz!

"Ah, ah!"

"Ugh!"

Iji and normal players were wounded as they advanced.

But they didn't die. Kim Hui-yeon quickly shouted.

"Hard mode players, come forward again!"

The hard players, who had retreated to recover their strength with potions, came forward once more. Iji and normal players retreated, panting.

Seo Jang-san, who was blocking the monsters, muttered to himself.

"It's still a good method."

Iji and normal mode players were of little use.

Unless it was the first time, it was impossible for them to keep up with the hard mode players, who had a huge gap in strength. Even if there were dozens of them, they couldn't take down a single hard mode player.

In the case of monsters, the situation was even worse. Iji and normal players found it difficult to provide meaningful assistance in battle.

So Kim Hui-yeon changed her approach altogether.
Here is the translation of the text:

They were being protected by the system. As long as they had physical strength, they wouldn't die even if they received a huge attack.

Of course, in a normal situation, they wouldn't be able to withstand a C-grade attack and would die with one hit.

However, now the Taesan had set up a barrier using his alchemy, creating a zone where monsters were weakened and humans were strengthened. This included physical strength and defense power.

Mostly, all the equipment they had, including normal and easy mode, had abandoned their attack power and stats and were equipped with high-defense equipment.

It was a narrow margin, but they could withstand one attack.

So, they used the shield role for easy and normal modes.

When the hard modes got tired or their physical strength was depleted and needed to use a potion, they would take the monster's attack and then recover and come back out again.

"You've realized it too. They're completely useless. The only thing we can use is our shield."

"No."

Kim Hui-yeon denied Seo Jang-san's words.

"It's each person's role to play. They also fully understand and accept it."
Here is the translation of the text:

She didn't force them. The shield role was extremely dangerous. Although they wouldn't die in one hit, the danger was still considerable.

So, she told them to make their own decisions, and most of the normal and advanced players agreed.

They wanted to help each other with their own will. That was the difference between their method and the method of West Castle.

Caaang!

Lee Taeyeon dodges between the monsters. She swings her sword.

[You have activated the "Dashing" ability.]

The moment the monsters' attack hits the sword, it is dispersed.

She adds strength to her legs.

[You have activated the "Furious Strike" ability.]

Kakaaka!

She adjusts the timing of the attack and unleashes multiple Furious Strikes, repelling the monsters.

Jung Junhyuk was similar. He also used his ability sword and black magic to move between the monsters and defeat them one by one.

The two of them were definitely strong.

With their experience, they could now defeat C-grade monsters.

However, there were hundreds of monsters.

They began to retreat. Medicine was not infinite, and mana was also limited.

But they didn't give up hope.

"Everyone, hold on!"

Kim Hwiyeon shouted urgently.

"We can win!"

* * *
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san stepped on the monster's head, crushing it. The head was crushed.

He jumped down and looked straight at it.

Hundreds of monsters were rushing towards Tae-san.

"Too many!"

A coldness seeped into Tae-san's fingertips.

[You have triggered the frozen world.]

Tch, tch, tch!

Extreme coldness spread in all directions. The monsters rushing towards Tae-san suddenly froze and shattered.

[You have triggered the starlight arrow.]

A light as bright as the sun materialized in Tae-san's hand, and he shot it at the rushing monsters.

Ku, ku, ku!

Light burst forth from the darkness.

In an instant, hundreds of monsters disappeared.

The monsters were no match for Tae-san. They were only at the level of C-grade, with a few at B-grade and the lowest A-grade. None of them posed a threat to Tae-san.

He waved his arm towards the rushing monsters.

[You have triggered the calamity spark.]

Flames erupted.

A blazing fire that could erase everything swept away the monsters.

However, the darkness remained unchanged.

Neither the light as bright as the sun nor the flames that could destroy the world could dispel this darkness.
Here is the translation of the text:

[You have activated the Apostolic Seal [Mixed with Divine Power].] [You have activated the King's Vessel.]

Pfft!

Power surges to the Heavenly Mountain. The uncontrollable power is synchronized with the ring and becomes part of the Heavenly Mountain's power.

[You have activated the perfect fairy's wings.]

Wings appear on the Heavenly Mountain.

The Heavenly Mountain flaps its wings.

[You have accelerated.]

You jump upwards, reaching the ceiling at an extreme speed, gathering all your divine power and martial arts into the tip of your sword.

Ka-ka-ka!

And you burst forth.

The Heavenly Mountain regains its balance after flapping its wings.

[You have dealt 43 damage to Monster 10.]

Although damage has been inflicted, it is at a meaningless level.

It was to be expected. Even if the current Heavenly Mountain gathered all its strength, it would not be able to reach the level of the strength from its past life. The power that guards the monster's internal core is at the level of a top-grade S-class. It would be impossible for the current one to inflict a significant blow.

‘But if it's a fundamental blow or an absolute judgment, I don't know.’

A fundamental blow requires a high level of understanding of the fundamental principles, and an absolute judgment has not yet been achieved.

The Heavenly Mountain placed its hand on the ground.

In the endless darkness, I felt an unstoppable power that could not be resisted.
Here is the translation of the text:

And that power was slowly weakening.

This monster exists only to grasp the Tai Shan. Since it had poured all its necessary strength into maintaining its existence, it would slowly die as time passed.

Maybe just a week later, the Tai Shan would be able to come out without any problems.

If there were any issues, it would not be able to withstand until then.

Minerva and Barkazza were aware of this fact, and it was impossible for them not to prepare for it.

"'I don't aim for myself, I aim for my surroundings. I've thought this through.'"

The Tai Shan was clenched his fist. He focused his mind, maintained his self, and manifested darkness.

[You have activated the blackness.]

The blackness spread in all directions.

The monster's darkness collided with the darkness and began to distort. A deeper darkness engulfed the weak darkness.

Snap, crackle.

The monster's internal organs began to tear apart.

[Ah?]

A ghostly voice echoed. But the advancing darkness suddenly stopped.

The Tai Shan scowled.

"Not enough."
Here is the translation:

He doesn't lack courage. The black thing he has is a noble thing. There's no reason for him to be defeated by an S-grade monster.

It's just that he can't control the black thing.

The power that was out of control and scattered in all directions was insufficient to open the way.

[What are you going to do?]

"I'll search again."

The mountain moved.

* * *

"Ah!"

The hard mode player who couldn't withstand the monster's attack fell. Kim Hui-yeon, who had rushed to rescue him, realized that he was already dead and growled in frustration.

"Let's go easy and normal mode! Forward!"

"Hi, Hui-yeon."

Someone grabbed her shoulder. It was a man in charge of normal mode.

Kim Hui-yeon noticed his confused expression.

She bit her lip.

"...Relaxed hard mode players! Come out and let's go forward!"

The players of easy and normal mode had all run out of energy. They had managed to hold on with potions, but now it was all over.

The only thing left was for the hard mode players to survive on their own.

And that was almost impossible.

"Aaaaah!"

"I'm okay!"

People began to fall one by one.
Here is the translation of the text:

Even those who are not strong and normal players will advance forward. However, since they didn't have any vitality to begin with, they couldn't even play a defensive role properly.

If it were Lee Taeyeon and Kang Junhyuk, they could hold on, but they were already at their limit just trying to block the B-grade monster.

The monster, which had swallowed the Taesan, was motionless at its location.

The monsters continued to appear.

And people began to fall.

The situation was at its worst, but the faces of the people showed no signs of giving up.

"'Hold on!'"

They shouted, believing.

"'Taesan is watching over us!'"

Even in a situation where they were about to give their lives, they did not lose their faith in Taesan.

Instead, they became even stronger. They continued to fight, believing in Taesan.

Their faith continued to flow.

[The proficiency of the divine power increased by 1%.]

"'Huh?'"

Taesan, who was running towards the end of space, suddenly stopped.

At the same time as the increase in divine power proficiency, a strange sensation covered his entire body.

It was not just physical strength, but something more profound that had taken hold of his body. The ghost also noticed it and asked in a surprised tone.

"[What's going on with you all of a sudden?]"

"'I can feel it too.'"

Quack.
Here is the translation of the text:

As the monster was about to pounce, Taesan opened his skill window.

[Divine Power] [Proficiency: 40%] [Divine Power. Although it was originally meaningless, it became a divine power through the collective faith of many people. Although it is very weak and feeble, it is a definite power of faith.]

Taesan's proficiency has reached 40%.

As a result, the content has changed.

The content is that the faith of many people has gathered to become a divine power.

Taesan raised his hand.

Keying.

A light appeared at that place.

A weak and feeble light. It was like a candle that would flicker and go out, but it was definitely illuminating the darkness.

Taesan recognized this power from somewhere.

It was exactly what Ma Shin had handled.

A ghostly voice muttered absent-mindedly.

"...Divine? For a moment, is it real?"

"Faith?"

Koreans believed in him, and it was a matter of fact that everyone was talking about it.

As a result, Taesan's divine power has gradually increased.

Now, it seems that his faith has gathered to the point where it can become a divine power.

[Oh, oh... I think I can handle it?]

Taesan focused his mind on the ghostly voice that was trembling.

He tried to infuse the divine power into his body.
Here is the translation of the text:

But the light did not move. It was still trembling on the palm of the Taesan as it was at the beginning.

The ghostly figure, who had barely composed itself, had sorted things out.

[It's an unusual case where the sacred and the mundane coexist. If we consider its peculiarity, it's not impossible. But it seems that it's beyond our control.]

The sacred exists only for Taesan, and it did not move. He felt a sense of something immense and unmovable that was beyond his will.

[Although I've made an effort, it doesn't seem to have any significant meaning. Well, I think I understand.]

The ghostly figure let out a sigh of relief. Even if the mortal had obtained the sacred, it would not have been able to handle it, let alone understand it deeply.

But Taesan gazed at the light with a blank expression.

A tiny light.

But the light was clearly pushing back the darkness. It was a feat that had not been accomplished by the spark of calamity or the starlight arrow.

[Oh... you're joking.]

"I'm unable to handle this because my power and strength are insufficient."

I tried to put it in the ring, but it seemed to be refused, as if it couldn't be accepted.

Then, it's impossible.
Here is the translation of the text:

Then what if it's not his power?

It's just something he received, but he still hasn't properly dealt with the transcendent power that he hasn't mastered yet. Can it even be possible?

[You have activated the black.]

The shadow absorbed the light.