
Here is the translation of the text:

Article 248

248. Special permanent activation skill. Absolute Protection (1)

"'Be still.'"

'[I understand.]' '[You have activated the essence recognition.]' '[The La Plasian of the invisible and transformed.]' '[The invisible tentacles scattered poison in all directions. The poison from the tentacles can change its quality and concentration.]'

I heard the explanation from Itea-yeon.

I could feel the invisible movements around La Plasian.

That must be the tentacle mentioned in the description.

"'Let me take a look first.'"

Itea-yeon told him a lot of things. What was in each layer, what kind of monster was waiting, and what was hidden was all revealed.

Tae-san did not remember everything, but he stored the interesting things in his mind.

La Plasian in front of him was one of them.

The monster that could make Tae-san obtain the skill.

La Plasian recognized Tae-san and scattered poison.

Invisible forces wrapped around Tae-san's body.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Your first attack has been nullified.] [Your second attack has been nullified.] [Your third attack has been nullified.]

The nullification effect of your attacks is happening in an instant.

And the damage is starting to take effect.

[You take 10 damage.] [You take 10 damage.]

"It's about 10, right?"

Your vitality is starting to drain away.

However, this was not enough to kill Taesan. Taesan approached Raphael.

Then Raphael moved his intangible tentacles.

The concentration of the scattered venom changed.

Taesan focused his gaze.

He expanded his senses and read the changed flow of the venom.

'I can read it.'

He grasped the trajectory and quality of the venom and swung his sword.

Pa-aa!

The wind generated by the sword strike scattered the venom. Raphael moved his tentacles. The venom spread out in all directions like a wildfire.

Taesan did not dodge.

He moved his sword instead.

Pa-aa!

He created a gust of wind with his fist and shook the end of his sword, scattering the venom's trajectory.

The erratic hand scattered the venom completely.

"Ah, it's working."

Taesan can grasp Raphael's invisible attack and scatter it completely.
Here is the translation of the text:

"And the proficiency of the block is..."

[SPECIAL PERMANENT ACTIVATION SKILL: BLOCK] [PROFICIENCY: 23%] [Blocks damage below a certain number. However, damage of 3 or more cannot be blocked.]

The effect of the block is to block damage below a certain number.

It's not a concept that reduces damage by 2 from 100, but rather blocks the damage if it's 2 or less.

2.

It is possible.

The Taesan finished checking and turned around to face the Laplacia who was about to scatter the poison.

[Where are you going?]

"I'm going to the store. I need something."

As Taesan turned back, the store owner asked nervously.

"Why did you come back already? You just went down."

"I need something. Can I see the types of potions?"

"I understand."

The store owner looked puzzled, but still opened the space to show the potions. Taesan checked each one and found what he was looking for.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Ga Ho's Potion] [It invalidates 3 types of continuous damage.] [1,000G] [Enhancement Potion] [When used with a specific potion, the effect of the potion is enhanced.] [1,200G] [Designated Enhancement Potion] [After using the potion, the user can temporarily increase the proficiency of a designated skill by 20%. However, it cannot be used for skills with a certain level of proficiency or above.] [1,500G]

A ghost who was browsing the potions asked:

[I've been wondering, but why are you selling these? They're just so expensive and useless!]

Ga Ho's Potion, which reduces continuous damage.

The effect itself isn't bad, but it's limited to a paltry 3 units.

In reality, the number was meaningless, but it still cost 1,000 gold.

[The Enhancement Potion also doesn't increase the number in a ratio, but rather in a fixed amount, making it useless.]

When mixed with a vitality potion, the recovery rate increased from 50% to 52%. It was more cost-effective to buy the same potion again instead of paying 1,200 gold for it.

[The Designated Enhancement Potion is also just a show, as it can only be used for skills that are not strong enough, such as the "Furious Kick" skill. It's too expensive. The duration is also only about 10 minutes, making it completely useless.]

No one can use it for skills that affect combat.

All three potions are considered "useless" in the sense that they are not bought by anyone except for novice adventurers who are curious.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Don't ask me. These are the potions I received when I made the contract, and they're not for sale. They're just a bunch of useless things."

The shopkeeper spat out his words. He urged the Mountain God to hurry up.

"What do you want to buy? Choose quickly."

"I'd like to purchase two Potions of Protection, one Potion of Ascension, and one Designated Potion of Ascension, please."

The Mountain God pointed to the Potions of Protection, Potion of Ascension, and Designated Potion of Ascension.

"They're all here."

Fortunately, the Mountain God was able to obtain everything he wanted. Since the items were available in the same mode, it was only natural.

[Wait a minute...]

"...What are these?"

The shopkeeper was greatly perplexed by the Mountain God's selection.

"I don't know what you're thinking, but I think they're useless. If you want them, just buy them."

"Thank you."

The Mountain God handed over the gold. The shopkeeper gazed at the Mountain God with a bewildered expression, as if he couldn't believe what was happening.

"Wow. I never thought those things would sell."

The Mountain God returned to the labyrinth.

A ghostly figure, who had been quietly observing, asked:

[Will you learn a new skill?]

"Did you catch on?"

[Because when you do something weird, you always get an unreasonable skill. Is there something you'd like to ask?]
Here is the translation of the text:

The ghost replied to Barkazar's question.

[It's simple. The labyrinth is receiving assistance from the gods through the system. Heroes can obtain skills corresponding to their actions.]

"...So, is the master trying to obtain skills?"

"Yes."

"What do you want to get this time?"

The ghost asked curiously.

Each time Tae-san did something that the ghost couldn't understand, he obtained skills.

Skills such as nullifying attacks, forced duels, and addition. Each one was at an unparalleled level.

Just thinking about the skills he had already obtained was astonishing, and there was still more to be obtained. The ghost was curious about what it was.

Tae-san replied.

"Nullifying sustained damage."

"Sustained damage?"

"You'll notice it when you've seen it. What's the weakness of the nullifying attack skill?"

"...Sustained damage?"

The ghost suddenly understood.

The nullifying attack skill was absurd on its own.

It erased all attacks being inflicted and turned back time to before the attack was made.
Here is the translation of the text:

It's not idle talk, even a normal adventurer could have descended three more floors if they had an attack invalidation skill.

However, there is a single drawback, which is sustained damage.

When fighting against the demon that brings about the apocalypse, an enemy that deals sustained damage just by facing them, the attack invalidation skill becomes meaningless.

As seen in the recent battle with Raphael, all attack invalidation skills were used immediately, making it a clear drawback.

[Can you fix this?]

The ghost was flustered.

[How? It's a skill that invalidates sustained damage. How can you obtain such a thing?]

The way to obtain the skill is to somehow bring out its effect, no matter how slight.

The Sage replied.

"Watch."

He retrieved the potion of ascension and the potion of blessing.

[You mixed the potion of ascension and the potion of blessing. The potion of blessing transformed into the potion of protection.]

Note: The story seems to be about a character who is trying to overcome a challenge and is seeking advice from a wise being. The character is struggling with a skill that invalidates sustained damage, but is finding it difficult to obtain. The wise being suggests that the character should "watch" and then provides a solution by retrieving a potion that can transform into a potion of protection.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Suho's Medicine] [Invalidates 5 types of continuous damage.] [You used Suho's Medicine. The continuous damage is invalidated up to 5.] [You take 5 damage.]

The damage caused by the curse decreased by 5.

Tae-san took out another medicine.

[You used the Blessing Medicine. The continuous damage is invalidated up to 2.] [You take 3 damage.] [Huh?]

The ghost was startled by the decreased damage again.

[Isn't it impossible to use the same medicine consecutively?]

"If it's the same medicine, then so. But this is Suho and Blessing. They're different medicines. You can use them consecutively."

The medicines mixed together, becoming a different medicine.

The ghost exclaimed in surprise at this fact.

[Is such a change possible? It's interesting. But it's not meaningful.]

The ghost showed no great interest. Although there were no medicines that could be used consecutively to gain a significant advantage, 1,200 gold was a considerable amount for an adventurer who had not yet entered the depths before. It was too burdensome to handle.

Tae-san took out the last medicine of enhancement.
Here is the translation of the text:

You used a designated buff potion. The proficiency of the block skill increased by 20% for 10 minutes.

Special permanent active skill: Block

Proficiency: 43%

It blocks damage below a certain threshold. However, damage above 4 is invalid.

The block skill, with a proficiency of 20%, could block a continuous damage of 2.

And now it's 40%.

Rapha's continuous attack dealt 10 damage, and the reduced damage due to the potion's effect was 7.

The damage and block effects coincided perfectly, and the damage window suddenly stopped flashing.

The continuous damage was perfectly blocked.

A ghostly sound echoed and a sigh was released.

"Can the block potion be used with the designated buff potion? This is... amazing."

Originally, it was impossible to block damage of that number. It was thought that such potions were useless.

Tae-san quickly approached Rapha and inserted his sword.

He quickly defeated Rapha and moved to the next room.

[The unformed and transformed Rapha appeared.]

A new Rapha appeared.

Rapha scattered poison, but no damage was taken.

Ah!

Rapha moved its tentacle. It began to tremble and soon vomited out the invisible poison.
Here is the translation of the text:

The poison that inflicts continuous damage is different from other types of poison. If it's true, I will suffer an unbearable loss.

Tae-san expanded his senses.

Without dodging the scattered poison, he swung his sword and neutralized it, changing its trajectory.

"It's met the conditions."

Tae-san continued to block the scattered poison.

He slowly pushed back the invisible, intangible attack.

[I wonder what the skill acquisition conditions are.]

The ghost also watched and made a rough guess.

Firstly, the enemy must inflict continuous damage, and the player must not receive that damage. And the player must continuously block the enemy's invisible attack.

However, he couldn't infer anything beyond that.

Tae-san blocked the poison and opened his mouth.

"Firstly, the enemy will be one that inflicts continuous damage."

Secondly, he will be unable to block the continuous damage with his own abilities, but he will block it.

Thirdly, even if he has an attack invalidation ability, he will not use it.

Fourthly, there will be an enemy who uses an invisible, non-physical attack.

Fifthly, the invisible attack must be able to change continuously.
Here is the translation:

Sixth time. The condition must be fully met and no damage over 7 minutes will be taken.

The ghostly being remained silent after listening to the explanation. Tai Shan continued to block the poison.

"What's this? That's it.]

The ghostly being opened its mouth.

"Is that really the condition? It doesn't make sense.]

The condition was too demanding.

Even if I knew the method of obtaining it, it was almost impossible to meet the condition.

"I don't know. I only thought about it when I got it."

Maybe the attack invalidation wouldn't be needed. Maybe the attack wouldn't change even if it was met.

But Tai Shan had obtained the special skill, Absolute Protection, under that condition.

"That skill was the most difficult among the ones I obtained."

Multiplying or pausing time in a difficult situation was hard to meet the condition, but if only the special situation was met, it was easy to satisfy the condition itself.

However, Absolute Protection was not the case. Meeting the condition itself was difficult.

If I ranked the skills I obtained by difficulty, it would be counted on one hand.

The ghostly being let out a disappointed laugh.

"What did you do to get it?]

"I didn't know either."
Here is the translation:

The countless absurdities that I had to go through to obtain a skill.

The fruit of countless years, literally the product of time.

Although I managed to obtain it by coincidence after coincidence, I couldn't use it at all due to the innate stat limitations of my job class.

That was the absolute blessing.