
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 249

249. Special permanent activation skill. Absolute protection (2)

The past life of Tai Shan was in ease mode.

Due to the limitations of his innate stats, it was almost impossible for him to survive until the end.

The only way to solve this was through skills.

Therefore, Tai Shan worked on his skills.

He invested his entire life, even sacrificing his own identity, for the sake of getting one skill.

He also spent years investing in a skill, not sleeping for a week, repeating the same actions, and even going so far as to put his life on the line like putting a thread on a sharp blade.

And he also thought of ways to block continuous damage, also known as dot damage.

To overcome the nearly unique weakness of nullifying attacks, Tai Shan made his best effort.

First, he thought of a method to completely avoid receiving damage.

The easiest method was to use a blocking skill. This method, which received damage below a certain level, was the most suitable for blocking weak continuous damage.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, it's impossible to obtain the skill by blocking only the continuous damage. Even if one were to obtain it, the skill would not have a significant effect.

So, he tried various experiments.

First, he tried to block the continuous damage that couldn't be blocked by the blocking skill.

The 95th floor of Easy Mode was a place where various monsters appeared, including beasts, plants, and insects. This was also known as the last hurdle of Easy Mode.

And there was a monster that released poison.

The monster's continuous damage was 6 points higher than the blocking skill's limit.

To reduce this 6, Taesan tried various experiments.

First, he experimented with the physical part. He covered most of his body and only showed a part of it to see if he could reduce the damage, and he also tried to kill the monster halfway to reduce the damage.

However, none of these methods worked. Even if he only showed a part of his body, the damage remained unchanged, and even if he killed the monster halfway, the continuous damage decreased, but he couldn't obtain anything from it.

After trying various experiments, Taesan realized one thing.
Here is the translation of the text:

In order not to be affected by the monster and to block sustained damage, it was a kind of intuition that was closer to instinct than theory.

Tae-san looted the shop. He bought and combined various potions, tested them, and tried every means to get them. There was no problem with gold. The effort to get skills was so immense that he had to gather gold that he could not use in easy mode. In easy mode, there were almost no valuable items except potions.

He spent almost a month just dealing with potions.

As a result, he realized that he could block sustained damage using ascending potions, protective potions, and designated ascending potions.

There may be other methods, but the three barons that Tae-san discovered were the most reliable.

Tae-san was able to block sustained damage that could not be blocked by blocking effects.

And he got nothing.

Tae-san calmly prepared for the next step.

Although he had wasted tens of millions of gold and a month's effort, he was able to tidy up comfortably.

Tae-san moved on to get other skills.
Here is the translation of the text:

During that time, they decided to continue using the elixir. Although the amount was not too burdensome, they thought that there might be a possibility. Therefore, they judged that it was worth trying.

Tai San continued to conduct experiments with the elixir for a year.

As Tai San forgot the meaning of using the elixir and used it semi-unconsciously, they met a monster that used invisible attacks.

The white cube-shaped monster would shoot invisible blades whenever its body parts rotated.

Tai San tried to block the attack.

Although Tai San had tried to block the invisible attack many times before, they had achieved nothing. However, this cube-shaped monster was the first one they had seen.

Just this one time, there was a chance to succeed.

Tai San analyzed the patterns of the monster's attacks and the shape of the blades. It took them two months to do so.

And then they started blocking the attacks.

About 10 minutes later, a monster that suddenly sprayed poison appeared. As this monster had no effect on Tai San while they were using the elixir, Tai San ignored it and continued to block the cube-shaped monster's attacks.

And 7 minutes later, they obtained absolute protection.

Effort, experimentation, and luck.
Here is the translation of the text in English:

The skill that was obtained by overlapping everything. It was absolutely invincible.

Pang!

The sword of the Taesan shook. I blocked the trajectory of the poison that was about to burst out and twisted it.

And four seconds had passed.

[You have successfully defended against simultaneous attacks that deal continuous damage and invisible attacks, and obtained the special skill [Absolute Defense].]

Kwak!

At the same time as the skill acquisition notification system, the Taesan used the Raplasia to defeat Laphasia.

The ghost muttered in a hoarse voice.

[......It's really true. What kind of skill is this?]

Although the ghost died in the labyrinth, it was not a lack of ability.

He was confident in himself to some extent. He knew many things about the labyrinth and believed he was sufficient.

However, the more he was with the Taesan, the more he was broken down perfectly.

[I don't know what to say. I understand why the mage said that.]

The ghost let out a strange noise.

* * *

[Can you show it quickly? I'm curious.] [I'm curious too. I know the system of the labyrinth, but I've never seen it obtained this way before.]
Here is the translation of the text:

The ghost and Barkaja urged him on. Tai Shan opened his skill window.

[Special permanent activation skill: Absolute Protection] [Proficiency: 1%] [A phantom aura surrounds the user, automatically defending against sustained damage and invisible attacks. The phantom aura strengthens in proportion to the user's defense, attack, vitality, mana, and strength stats.]

The ghost let out a sarcastic laugh.

There were many defensive skills in the labyrinth.

Among them, there were skills that could be activated and skills in the form of buffs. There were also defensive skills that could block the attacks of dragons, although they were rare.

However, the cost of such skills was extremely high.

Common skills in the labyrinth would become more powerful as the user's reputation grew, but the cost would not be negligible. Strong skills would have higher mana consumption or restrictions.

The ghost was shocked when it saw the skills Tai Shan had learned. This was because the penalty for using the skills was almost negligible compared to their effects.

And Absolute Protection was at the highest level in this regard.

It didn't consume any resources at all.

Not to mention that it was an automatic activation, so there was no need to worry about it.
Here is the translation:

"In addition, even with a low level of proficiency, it seemed that such a high level of effect was possible, and if proficiency was increased, it might even be able to automatically defend against all attacks to a level where it could be considered exceptional."

"'This is similar to a magic spell.'"

It was probably a mid-level magic spell, and among those, a high-level one.

Even a magician who consumes mana at a rate of over 500 per minute couldn't easily use this spell.

'[This is true. It's ridiculous.]'

Baraka also seemed to be thinking along the same lines, and spoke in a tone of skepticism.

'[...Is this effect something that can be obtained through the system? I've seen the owner use this skill a few times, but... it's still strange. I can't accept it.]'

Tai Shan gazed at the skill with a puzzled expression.

Absolute Defense.

It was undoubtedly a useful skill. When he obtained it in his previous life, he was overjoyed and let out a loud cry.

However, he was unable to master the skill.

The reason was simple.

He was in easy mode.

The effect of Absolute Defense is that it creates a non-physical aura that follows the user, and the strength of this aura is proportional to the user's stats.

In easy mode, the stats are extremely weak. The Absolute Defense that Tai Shan had mastered in his previous life was only slightly better than blocking.

But now, it's different."
Here is the translation of the text:

He who is in solo mode can handle the true meaning of absolute protection.

I thought it was quite strange.

He who is in easy mode judged that absolute protection was a useless skill.

He thought it was worthless and couldn't be handled by his own abilities.

However, he had been unable to handle the skill due to his lack of ability in his previous life, but now he could handle it perfectly.

This fact was somehow amusing.

The Taesan broke through the barrier.

As he continued on, Laplacia, who had been waiting ahead, attacked Taesan. The intangible aura on Taesan's body released a venomous gas.

Just as the venom was about to reach Taesan, the intangible aura moved, blocking the venom's approach. Taesan didn't do anything and blocked Laplacia's attack.

"This is fine so far."

Although his stats were overwhelming, he had also blocked the attack of the 57th floor monster.

Since there was no wavering in his aura, it seemed that he still had some room to spare.

If he could handle it this way, there was no way it would be a waste of effort. Taesan was satisfied and descended into the labyrinth.
Here is the translation of the text:

Your level has risen. You have obtained the shining golden necklace. And you have also obtained [???].

After clearing the 57th floor, your level has reached 117. Your stats have also increased significantly.

And you have also obtained some good equipment.

[Ankle Guard that was with the Wind] [Agility + 130] [Defense + 150] [Action Speed + 4%] [Ankle guard used by a life that lived a carefree life together with the wind. It contains the spirit of freedom.]

This equipment does not increase action speed except for the helmet and shoes. It was a rare equipment that broke the general common sense.

Your agility and defense stats are not low. With the action speed added, it's definitely a good equipment.

[Shining Golden Necklace] [A necklace made only of shining gold that surpasses everything in the world. Even a sage who has transcended material values would send a greedy gaze at it. Its value is immeasurable.]

This is an equipment that can be sold at the shop. Since it's given only after reaching the 57th floor, its value is likely to be over 57 gold.
Here is the translation of the text:

"[He used it.] [The leather armor made from the giant's skin, which was processed by grinding the horns of the mysterious deer that lived deep in the earth.] [Strength + 200] [Defense + 200] [Magic Resistance + 5] [By mixing the giant's skin, which was renowned for its toughness, with the horns of the mysterious deer that lived deep in the earth, it was made. It has a robust defense and weak magic resistance.]"

"'Magic Resistance?'"

It was the first time I saw the stat.

The ghost explained.

"[It's literally a resistance to magic. You can think of it as having the same effect as the magic stat on the equipment.]"

"Then it's fine."

It was the same as reducing damage from magic by 5%.

As we were nearing the 50th floor, the equipment's stats were incomparably high.

The Taesan was satisfied and descended to the 58th floor. The ghost muttered to himself as if he had just remembered something.

"[I think I forgot because of all the things that happened. It's already the 50th floor.]"

Return to the earth.

Including the acquisition of the skill that would bring absolute blessing.

The ghost had forgotten about the current situation in the labyrinth.

"'This can't be good.'"

The ghost regained his composure.

He was a powerful adventurer who had gone all the way down to the depths. He was a strong one, with a high chance of clearing the labyrinth.

The Taesan's abilities were undoubtedly impressive. The skills he showed and all the acquisitions were unknown to the ghost.
Here is the translation:

However, the ghost had confidence in itself.

It couldn't just be startled anymore. It had to keep its composure and guard the side of the Tai Mountain.

Tai Mountain put its foot on the 58th floor.

[Start of the 58th floor quest.] [Defeat the boss of the 58th floor and pass through.] [Reward: a sword that guards the way.] [Secret reward: ???]

Before entering the 58th floor, Tai Mountain opened the community.

The excitement there was quite genuine.

The speed at which posts were going up was still fast, but it was a speed that allowed for conversations.

"Now, I can have a conversation."

Tai Mountain looked at the community.