
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 256

256. The Believers of the Ancient Devils (1)

The power of the ancient devils spread throughout the land. The attendants who were busy with their own tasks in the Devil's Castle were overcome with instinctual fear and dropped their tools.

The power of the ancient devils spread all the way to the outside of the Devil's Castle.

Uh-oh.

The ancient devil moved forward.

The knights instinctively retreated.

The face in the helmet was petrified with fear.

The Devil, with a pale face, shouted:

"You! You!"

His face was filled with contradiction.

As the King of the Devil's Realm, the Devil had experienced the prophecy of the ancient devils a few times.

Therefore, he knew what kind of power the ancient devil was emitting now.

"This is impossible! A mere human, becoming a prophet of that person?"

"It's not a prophet. This is a different kind of power."

However, there was no significant difference in the Devil's eyes.

The ancient devil took a step forward. The power of the ancient devils mixed with magic and began to invade the Devil's Castle.

"Ah, ahah."

The knights who felt the ominous feeling held up their shields. They had prepared for the impending shock.

The ancient devil clenched his fist.

"Break!"

Kuuuung!

"Aaaaah!"
Here is the translation of the text:

Newspaper reporters are falling.

With emotions dammed up, they can't hold on. They start scratching their heads on the ground.

Mount Tai laughed at this sight.

"It's okay."

Sadohwa is a divine power. It was a skill to receive the emotions of others.

Dark magic was to handle the power of demons.

And demons were powerful beings from the beginning, similar to gods.

The power of God and the power of gods.

Mount Tai had experience combining two things to create a boundary.

So, when heading to the Demon King's Palace, he experimented with mixing Dark Magic and Sadohwa, and it was not difficult to achieve.

Since the burden was not as heavy as expected, he thought about how to use it. When a good opportunity came, he mixed the emotions of Raum with the emotions and spread it throughout the Demon King's Palace.

The result was satisfactory.

The reporters were unable to resist and were banging their heads on the ground. The effect was much better than simply scattering emotions.

Mount Tai looked at the Demon King.

"Ahahahah!"
Here is the translation of the text:

The Demon King let out a roar. At the same time, a dark aura appeared above his head and descended upon the Demon King.

That was the power of the demon god.

"'I am the king of the underworld, so I've only received a small amount of power.'"

"Ahh, ahh."

The Demon King exhaled heavily. Although he had managed to resist using the fragmented power bestowed upon him by the demon god, he was still unable to fully suppress it.

His head was buzzing. A sense of fear was rising up, trying to devour his emotions, and it felt as if bugs were crawling all over his body.

"I, I..."

The turmoil in his emotions was a manifestation of his dark magic.

However, such an effect did not exist. It was only used to interfere with the weak-minded or to treat those with mental problems.

It was unheard of to be able to collapse someone's mental state like this.

"You are..."

The Demon King gazed at Tai Shan with trembling eyes.

"You are!"

He shouted. Darkness descended and Tai Shan was engulfed. The demon god's power took shape and rushed towards Tai Shan.

Like a beast, the demon god's power tried to grasp Tai Shan, but Tai Shan lightly waved his hand.

The demon god's power scattered and disappeared.

"Ahh..."
Here is the translation of the text:

The King of Hell's power was crushed like a child's tantrum by the King's gentle gesture.

Tae-san muttered to himself.

"I came here by the order of the God of Hell."

He walked towards the King of Hell.

The King of Hell, sitting on his throne, suddenly sat up straight.

"And she said that Quane and Annetsha were my assistants," he said.

It was a strange thing to say, spoken in a calm tone.

The two of them did not know any great information about this abandoned land. They could only teach Tae-san the black magic and guide him to the Hell's Castle.

But even if they weren't the assistants, it was enough for the God of Hell to send Tae-san to the Hell's Castle and teach him directly.

However, the God of Hell introduced Annetsha and Quane as Tae-san's assistants.

"What did the God of Hell mean by this?"

The God of Hell didn't intervene directly.

But he could intervene indirectly.

Tae-san arrived right in front of the King of Hell. The King of Hell, trembling with fear, crouched down on his throne.

"This is the God of Hell's warning."

Tae-san pointed to the ground.
Here is the translation of the text:

The throne of the Demon King was located at the highest point of the Demon King's Castle. In this place where the sky and earth meet, the Tai Shan exhibited its power.

[You have activated the distorted vegetation of Dekaravia.]

Kuuuung!

A tunnel opened at the bottom of the Demon King's Castle.

A root that pierced the stars was summoned and sprouted.

The Demon King's Castle was surrounded by numerous barriers and seals. The great magic of the Demon King's Castle, which had been maintained by the combined strength of the great wizards of the Demon Realm for hundreds of years, was extremely powerful.

Breaking through the numerous barriers and seals, you reached the highest level.

Kugugugung!

The root pierced the entire Demon King's Castle like a giant pillar.

You reached the end of the root, which was just in front of the Demon King's throne, and the Tai Shan opened its mouth.

"Let's live in harmony. I think even the gods want that. Alright?"

"...Ah..."

The Demon King nodded blankly.

* * *

The Demon King suddenly came back to his senses.

He let out a mocking laugh first.

"...Really. How pitiful."

His purpose, plan, and values.

It was the power to eliminate everything.

He said his goal was to abandon everything and head to the land abandoned by the Tai Shan.
Here is the translation of the text:

"...there is a small gate at the back of the Devil's Castle. This is a place where those who believe in the old gods cannot enter. Release the barrier for a moment. If you cross the gate, you will find abandoned land."

"Alright."

Tae-san went down the Devil's Castle, leaving the Devil behind.

Only Tae-san, the fallen knight, the Devil, and Annetsha and Quanede were left in the room.

The Devil gazed at Annetsha with a vacant expression.

"You're enviable. Really."

"...I think so too."

Annetsha came late to follow Tae-san. Quanede followed behind.

"Tae-san!"

She ran towards him, gasping.

"...thank you."

She bowed her head slightly.

Tae-san shook his head.

"Don't thank me, thank the gods. She asked me to do it."

"Both of you should be grateful."

Annetsha looked at Tae-san with a face full of emotion.

Tae-san opened his mouth.

"Will you follow me?"

What lies ahead is dangerous. Since the barrier has been released, the aura emanating from it is so strong that even Annetsha would have to risk her life to get through it.

"Yes."

But Annetsha shook her head in determination.

"I am Tae-san's ally. I cannot be left behind in a dangerous place alone."

"Then, get ready. Bring some weapons and prepare. I'll be waiting ahead."
Here is the translation of the text:

"Ah, yes!"

She hastily followed him into the Ma Wang's inner palace, with Quincy in tow.

Tai Shan followed them, heading towards the back of the palace.

There was a small door there.

The barrier that had spread out around the door was momentarily lifted, allowing them to sense the power emanating from beyond.

[It's like everything has been swallowed up. The world that was destroyed by the High God is on the same level. Since it's within the High God's domain, it's only natural.]

A ghost blew a whistle.

Tai Shan opened his mouth.

"I know you've been watching. Come out."

[Did you hear?]

With a laugh, a dark space opened up.

A demon appeared with its arm stretched out, revealing its face.

[You did a great job, Tai Shan.]

The demon smiled wryly.

[The Ma Wang dislikes Arnetsha because I think I favor her. If I were to tell the Ma Wang, he would dislike Arnetsha even more. So I left it to you, and you've done a great job. Then the Ma Wang won't be able to plot against Arnetsha anymore.]

"What do you plan to do with this kind of thing?"
Here is the translation of the text:

Mashi expected to see Ahneshar face to face with Taesan. She wanted to see how Ahneshar was treated in the underworld and how Taesan thought of her. Therefore, she introduced Ahneshar as an ally.

[Where will you lie down?]

Mashi muttered to herself.

[After all this is over, where will you settle and live?]

Ahneshar opened her eyes slightly.

[You're weird, Taesan. We can see that too, but to the eyes of mortal beings, you're even more so. Most people won't accept you. They'll reject you and be afraid.]

"I know that."

What kind of treatment did this dying Iteyoon receive? What kind of treatment did he receive?

Before people gave up everything, Iteyoon and Taesan were unable to receive anyone's understanding and wandered around the circle of people, only to be rejected.

It was because people did not see them as one of themselves.

Even people on Earth in the present age worshipped him as a god.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Mars said softly, "I don't know what's at the end of your path, but... it's hard to find someone who will accept you."]

But she was different. She would take your side no matter how you changed. She would always wait for you and try to be with you. It's a wonderful thing to think about. It's a saying from someone who has walked the path before you, so listen carefully.

"Thank you, but... I can't give you a definite answer."

"It's not an order. I just want you to be happy. You should be able to choose many things for yourself in the future. That's not like me.]

Mars smiled slightly, a young smile.

"I'll give you one suggestion. My little lamb is also pitiful.]

"Let me think about it."

"That's enough.]

Mars turned her gaze back to the abandoned land.

"You have many choices ahead of you. Not just the choices in the future, but also the choices in the past. There may be choices like ours, but... there may also be choices like them.]

"That won't happen, will it?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"The impossible is possible for you. There is no great threat here. I'll just present you with options. Whatever you choose, it depends on your will, but I hope you'll choose our path."

The demon muttered to himself.

"Then, come back and win."

"I understand."

After a while, Annetsha and Qunade returned.

Their attire was different from before.

Annetsha was wearing a staff with flowing magic and a hat with a crescent moon decoration. Her clothes had also changed into a neat black leather outfit.

"Good, with this, the Lord of the Mountain's help will be sufficient."

"It's a bittersweet feeling."

Qunade smiled. He had given up his life to descend into the labyrinth, but was brought back to the demon realm by the demon and was currently living a peaceful life.

Although it was satisfying, he still missed the battles he had fought with his life.

Before entering the Mountain, he said to them:

"You must survive on your own in that place."
Here is the translation of the text:

In the realm of the gods, even the great Taesan didn't know what would come out. There were limitations to what he could keep watch over.

"If it doesn't help, then I won't have done anything. Ah, Neshah's face turned serious."

"I'm fully aware of it. There's no need to worry about being restrained."

"Good."

[You are the Wind King. You have summoned Minerva.] [You have summoned the top-grade spirit Barchazar, with hues of multiple colors.]

The wind and the sea of light are joined together.

Minerva, summoned by the wind, looks around in surprise.

"What's this? The Underworld?"

[Is it finally my turn?]

"Is it a spirit?"

"Huh!"

Minerva's eyes widened in shock, and she grabbed her weapon.

"Wind King!"

"Ah?"

His gaze was filled with caution. Taesan waved his hand.

"Just because you're thinking of one thing and I'm thinking of another, don't relax your guard."

"...And now I think of it."

It's not fire, it's the wind. Qwane, who had just realized this, released his grip on his weapon. Minerva spoke in a trembling voice.

"Why are you looking at me like that?"

"There's a bad memory associated with the Wind King. I'll explain it later. Let's go in for now."

Taesan stepped into the realm of the gods.

Snap.
Here is the translation of the text:

As they entered the abandoned land, the barrier at the door was reborn. It was as if they were terrified, with an incredibly fast speed.

A thick and heavy, dark aura was spreading throughout the area.

"Let's take a look."

The entire place was dark.

The dark energy of the underworld was thick, but this was different. It felt like a direct connection to the divine power.

The Taesan raised his hand to the earth.

After sensing the sensation, Taesan realized.

"It's similar to the Earth."

The Earth just before its destruction. The sensation at that time was similar to this place.

The only difference was that this place was already being consumed by the power of the divine.

And from that sensation, Taesan could feel the gaze directed at him.

It was probably the gaze of the ancient gods.

The gaze was filled with malice.

But it was closer to greed.