
Episode 257

257. Believers of the Old Gods (2)

"Greedy."

Why would Goshin give him such a look?

First was exploration. At first glance, it was an incredibly vast area. It couldn't be grasped by running around one by one.

"I'll handle the exploration."

Anetsha swings her staff down.

The staff resonates with her magic and spreads out in all directions.

Woooong.

Power amplifies and continues to amplify. The energy of exploration that would have been impossible for Anetsha alone scatters.

The extended energy of exploration passes by Goshin's energy as it examines the surroundings.

Anetsha puts magic into the staff and says.

"This is the detection staff bestowed upon us directly by the gods. If I have the ability, I can detect the entire demon world in an instant."

Anetsha detected many things around her and pointed the staff in one direction.

"I sense five presences about thirty minutes away in that direction."

"Good."
Here's the translation of the text:

"The staff given directly by Masin had a considerably wide detection area. Even Taesan found it difficult to explore this street so quickly.

Taesan rolled his foot.

"Follow me slowly."

"Yes?"

Kuuung!

With an explosion of power, Taesan flew in the direction Annetsha indicated.

After a few seconds, Taesan arrived at his destination and stopped his foot. There were five heavily distorted beings there.

"Hello."

"What!"

They were surprised to see Taesan.

"Your enemies."

Taesan replied calmly as he scrutinized them.

Their essence was demonic.

However, their core was so twisted that they no longer resembled demons, possessing a form and power that could no longer be called demonic.

Closer in nature to Arulia. A human who had contracted with gods in the world of spirits. They were similar.

"Why are outsiders here?"

"Is that a human there?"

They were surprised and confused. But soon they regained their composure and their eyes gleamed.

"Die!"

"To those who do not believe in the ancient Masin, death!"

They rushed forward.

Wielding the power of gods, they tried to kill Taesan. Taesan lightly waved his hand and shook them off, analyzing,

'They're much weaker than that.'
In Arulia, those who contracted with the gods did so directly. In contrast, those here seemed to absorb remnants of the gods while staying. Similar, yet their power was like night and day.

"It doesn't mean I'm weak."

If you coldly assessed their strength, it would be like the 30th floor of a labyrinth. All five were like that.

Considering those known as the Demon Lord's Knights were at a 20th floor level, their overwhelming power was evident.

"I'm curious."

"Die!"

A man rushed in like the rising moon, together with madness.

"He's mine!"

"Don't interfere!"

Others shouted, trying to stop the man. It seemed as if he was intent on killing himself somehow.

Taesan moved his hand.

Crushing and trampling the swirling divine energy, he pierced the man's chest.

Thunk.

"Urgh."

With the sound of the man swallowing his breath, he collapsed.

It was a single blow. The others who rushed in hesitated.

"Your spiritual power has been activated."

"Hooh."

Taesan's eyes glowed.

Dark energy from the man's body adhered to Taesan.

It didn't seem to raise his proficiency, but it meant his spiritual power could be activated.

"I'm okay."
Here is the translation of the text:

Taesan turned his gaze towards the rest. Their reactions were peculiar. They were retreating in fear, staggering backwards.

"Ah...."

"Their souls have been plundered."

"Run away!"

They started fleeing in panic.

Not knowing whether they would flee without looking back, Taesan grimaced.

"Are you running away?"

[You activated Mephisto's black lightning.]

Kurrrang!

The lightning pierces through the one fleeing the fastest. A slight rigidity overwhelms him.

"Kkaak!"

Right then, Taesan stomped his foot.

It pierces through the chests of the remaining two fleeing. They perished with faces full of terror.

[Your spiritual power has been activated.]

Kwajik.

"Kkaak!"

He leaps forward, relieving the rigidity and tramples the head of one who was fleeing in haste.

"Don't kill me! Don't kill me!"

"Just observe what you're doing."

Taesan replied.

Shortly after, Anetsha and Quanad arrived.

"Lord Taesan. That was too quick...."

"Hoho. Believers of the old gods, are they?"

Quanad's eyes gleamed. Minerva also looked at the subdued figures with an intrigued expression.
"Power has completely corroded him. Is this how much one changes over time?"

"Corroded?"

"Exactly as it sounds. His mind, body, everything twisted by the power of the ancient gods. Even like this, he can't die at will."

"Hmm."

Taesan looked at the man in his grasp.

The man screamed.

"Don't kill me!"

"You're noisy."

Taesan tightened his grip on the man's throat. A gurgling sound echoed.

"What do you want me to do?"

"First, I need information."

His quest was to eliminate believers in ancient gods on abandoned lands.

Therefore, he needed rough information before that.

When Taesan asked for information, the man rolled his eyes.

"If I answer, will you let me live?"

"I won't kill you right away. Try to escape on your own."

"......"

The man began to speak hesitantly.

* * *

"We have been here since the ancient gods were banished."

"Banished?"

Anetsha is shocked. The man looked young. He seemed to be in his mid-twenties in human years.
However, the expulsion of the ancient gods had become such a long-standing event that it was now considered a legend or a story.

"We do not believe in the current gods. We believe in the one who originally ruled this land. So, when the great gods were expelled, we migrated to this place."

The old gods, expelled by the new gods, could no longer exert influence in the realm of spirits.

But the realm was a world created by the old gods. The new gods could not entirely remove all the influence of the ancient gods, and thus it became a forsaken land.

"We have lived here accepting the power of the old gods."

They slowly became corrupted.

Limbs twisted and minds began to crumble. Their bodies and spirits gradually became bound to the earth.

"We have become immortal."

"Speak correctly. It's not that we have become immortal; rather, we can no longer die."

Minerva corrected. As she said, those mortal beings twisted and intertwined by the power of the ancient gods eventually became bound to the land itself.

As long as the earth's power remains, they will not die, even if limbs tear and heads split.

They became a part of this land.

Trying to escape would result in the annihilation of their souls as well.
However, the man confidently stated,

"This is immortality. It's the grace bestowed upon us by God. The beings outside are forces that dare not even think about."

Suddenly, the man opened his eyes wide and shouted,

"Yes! This is the grace directly given to us by God! We must accept His favor and become stronger! Enough for Him to call us, to be of help to the saint who guards the thorns!"

Fanatical faith in God.

Minerva clicked her tongue.

"His mind is shattered. Is it distorted by the passage of time? Or was it already crumbling?"

Taesan asked,

"He was begging me not to kill him for such a thing."

"Those who died to you literally died. Rather than ending at the level of taking power, the soul itself has not returned."

The man who spoke this way had fear in his face.

Taesan could easily guess the reason.

Soul skills, soul spirit rises. It was a skill that even took away the power of God.

They were beings bound to this land and could no longer be called life.
However, that power itself was usurped, leading to his demise.

"Alright."

He grasped the general information. Taesan released the man's hand he had been holding.

"Then leave."

"...Really?"

"Do you want me to kill you?"

"No, no."

The man bolted away.

Anetsha asked, "What will you do?"

"I'm considering."

The man said they had been here since the ancient mage was exiled.

If that's true, the plan has gone awry. Taesan glanced at Anetsha's staff.

"Can't I use that?"

The staff had a broader range of perception than what Anetsha's power alone could grasp.

With Taesan's power, it wouldn't be difficult to perceive everything here.

But Anetsha shook her head.

"No. Only demons can use this. It's not about possessing magecraft but about what you're born from. Even for you, Taesan-nim, it would be difficult."

"Then using your power in harmony with mine?"

A method of channeling magecraft to share power, something Anetsha and Kwaned had done for him.

"Um..."

Anetsha hesitated.
"If it were me, it might be possible..."

"Alright."

Taesan approached Anetsha. Anetsha jerked as he drew near.

"Try spreading your detection like earlier."

"Oh, okay."

Anetsha hastily gripped her staff with both hands. After a brief pause to steady her breath, she struck the staff downward.

Hmm.

Waves spread out in all directions.

Surrounding information began to flow into her, and Taesan placed a hand on her shoulder.

"Hmm."

Anetsha let out a faint groan.

An overwhelming amount of mana began to flow into her, more than even the demon king, her father, Bequesseta, could possess.

Taesan synchronized with Anetsha's mana and opened a pathway.

"You have activated the detection of Lerais' territory."

Keeng.

The spreading waves collided like ripples, instantly gathering all available information.

As it absorbed the power of ancient spirits existing within the earth, the detection accelerated even more.

Anetsha's face turned pale at the incoming information. It was far more than she could personally handle.
The mountain, realizing its limits, withdrew its hand from her shoulders.

Anetsha gasped for breath and sank down.

"Princess!"

"Are you okay?"

"Yes, yes...."

Anetsha caught her breath and stood up.

"....It's endless."

Detecting the domain of Lelazie, where the corridor was opened. There was a staff that amplified its power by consuming the spirit's strength.

Even using both at the same time, they could only grasp a small part of the abandoned land. The more they expanded their power, the more they realized it was endless.

"This is..."

Rather than simply being vast, it felt like touching something on the other side.

No matter how far they went, they couldn't see the end.

"And... there are so many."

She said with trembling eyes.

"I could only sense a little, but I can't count that number."

"Indeed."

Taesan frowned.

The demon realm was incredibly vast. And the man he captured said he had lived here since the ancient demon lord ruled this place.

They had continued to live without dying. The number seemed endless.

Land with no end in sight.
"And the beings believed in the incomprehensible old god.

'What should we do?'

Taesan murmured.

It was almost impossible to kill them all.

Of course, it might be possible if an endless amount of time were invested. But then, it would be meaningless. It would be more beneficial to give up and descend into the labyrinth, since it would take dozens of years at least.

So, they searched for another way.

Taesan looked down at the ground.

A thick and profound ancient power was flowing.

The man said they were bound to the land.

So, if this ancient power disappeared, their souls would be liberated as well.

'Can this darkness be erased?'

'No.'

Minerva said decisively.

'That's impossible. This is his domain created by the ancient god. Even the current gods can't erase it, so they leave it alone.'

It must be quite annoying for this land to harbor the power of the old god.

But she wasn't interfering with this vast domain and the countless beings within it.

It meant even with the power of a transcendental being, interference in the domain of the ancient god was impossible."
Here is the translation of the text:

"However, it was impossible with the power of Taesan alone.

The witch knew that too.

But she thought Taesan had a way, so she gave him the quest.

[You have triggered the sacred.]

Light manifests above Taesan's hand.

The light distorts the power of the spirits and influences them. But that's all. It cannot remove or purify the power.

'This is impossible.'

The power within the law cannot erase this darkness. Taesan extinguished the sacred.

Then what about the power beyond the law?

[You have triggered black.]