
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 283

283. Amelia Airin (5)

The gazes of the people gathered on Taesan and Amelia. Their eyes were filled with various emotions such as admiration, curiosity, and doubt.

"It's about time."

Taesan, who had arrived at the outskirts, unleashed his power.

[You have activated your internal world.]

Taesan's power and domain expanded, and the people who had been watching from a distance with curious eyes were taken aback by the sudden appearance of the ash-colored domain.

"This is......"

"This is my domain. It's the first time I've used it, but from the outside, you can't see or hear what's inside."

Taesan leaned against the ash-colored wall.

"You must be realizing it too. The presence of the god who was supporting you has disappeared."

"......"

Amelia bit her lip.

It was just as Taesan said. The enormous presence that had always been watching over her was no longer felt.

It meant that the God of Decline had abandoned her.

"I......"

She barely opened her mouth.

Amelia had thought of herself as the strongest, and the God of Decline had been supporting her.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

But she was not the strongest.

Then, the god who had always been watching over her also disappeared.

Everything she had believed in was shattered by Taesan.

Amelia was now abandoned by God.

"I...…."

"What are you going to do?"

Taesan asked her.

"You've become weak."

The fallen god turned away.

Of course, the guides of evil would not dare to touch her. They were cowards, and since God was no longer interested, they couldn't touch Amelia.

But God's blessing had disappeared. The skills granted by the fallen god had also vanished, and she could no longer receive help when navigating the labyrinth.

It was impossible for her to continue navigating the labyrinth as she had until now.

"I... I...…."

Tears welled up in her eyes.

This made Taesan slightly uneasy as well. The Amelia he knew was always confident, calling herself the strongest and overflowing with self-assurance.

He knew that her confidence was what pushed her to her limits, but he didn't know what lay beyond that.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

She, who had lost her confidence, looked like a lost child. Her wavering appearance was something Taesan had never seen before.

It was necessary to crush her confidence. Only then could the God of Falling stop paying attention, and Amelia could properly descend into the labyrinth.

But how could they lift her up from this state?

Taesan was troubled, and a ghost approached him.

[How about trying this?]

The ghost whispered to Taesan, who slightly scrunched up his face.

"Will that do?"

[We've got nothing to lose, so let's try it.]

"Hmm."

Amelia was mentally shaken and didn't hear the conversation between Taesan and the ghost. In the end, Taesan made a decision.

"Amelia."

"Yes?"

She looked at Taesan with tear-filled eyes, and Taesan drew his sword.

"Laugh!"

As Taesan charged towards her, Amelia reflexively moved.

Clang!

She swung her sword, deflecting the attack and pushing Taesan's shoulder.

Even though Amelia was mentally at her limit, she responded to Taesan's movements. She twisted her body to absorb the shock and swung her sword to counterattack Taesan.

Clang!

The swords clashed and bounced off each other.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Amelia, who had created some distance, gazed at Taesan with a calm eye.

"...... What are you doing all of a sudden?"

"You blocked my attack."

Taesan sheathed his sword.

"It's not easy to block an attack that even Lee Tae-yeon and Kang Jun-hyuk couldn't handle, especially when you're mentally exhausted."

Of course, it wasn't his full power. But it wasn't a sloppy attack either. Amelia was able to block it, but if she had responded carelessly, it would have pierced through.

"You have talent."

"Haha."

Amelia's eyes wavered.

"I may not be as strong as you, but I'm strong enough to be considered second to you. You have the power to clear the labyrinth even without the help of the God of Decline."

Taesan spoke with certainty.

"I guarantee it. You're strong."

"...... Really?"

She asked again, and Taesan nodded.

"I don't speak lies."

A light began to shine in her pupils, which had been dull and lifeless. Soon, her face regained the confidence it had when they first met.

"I know, even if you don't say it."

She said, with an extremely confident tone, just like when they first met.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I'm strong. I'll definitely catch up to you someday."

"Try your best."

Taesan shut down the internal world's activation. She jumped up with a burst of energy.

"......Thank you."

She whispered and was about to leave.

To be exact, she was trying to leave.

"Where are you going?"

"Huh!"

Taesan grabbed Amelia's nape. Looking at Amelia, who was flustered and staring at herself, Taesan said:

"There's one more thing I need to teach you. You haven't learned proper swordsmanship, have you?"

"Uh, no......"

"Good, then. Take out your sword."

Taesan let go of Amelia and drew out her sword.

Amelia's face turned pale.

* * *

"Uh, uh, uh......"

After clashing swords for a while, she learned the Ability Sword.

Only then did Taesan let her go. Amelia disappeared into the crowd, stumbling.

Ability Sword. A swordsmanship that can even reach the highest level.

If she had that, Amelia's power, which had lost the interest of the God of Decline, would be significantly supplemented. Perhaps she could become even stronger than that.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan knew about Amelia, a human. She was confident and believed herself to be the strongest, but at her core, she was a kind person. She always moved to save people's lives.

That's why he taught her many skills and abilities.

"Well, it was real."

The ghost's words to Taesan were simple.

He was told to attack Amelia moderately and acknowledge her talents.

At first, Taesan thought that would be enough, but Amelia changed noticeably.

"I know a type like that. They have talent, but they're not confident in themselves. So, they always try to prove their worth by reacting to those around them."

The ghost continued.

"If the God of Decline had directly acknowledged her, she would have been filled with confidence. Since a powerful being like a god recognized her, she would have been convinced of her own worth. But when you crushed that, the god's attention disappeared, and she was completely destroyed. In other words... for someone like that, the being who crushed them takes on a huge significance."

"So, you want me to take your words seriously?"
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It's similar, isn't it? You're probably close to being an absolute existence to that woman, right? You acknowledged yourself, and your broken confidence was restored."

"You know that very well."

"I said it, didn't I? I know a type like that."

The ghost spoke gloomily.

"She was pushed away by others and entered the labyrinth, looking very fragile and anxious. Since we shared the same noble bloodline, I felt a sense of camaraderie and helped her a lot, filling her with confidence."

Who was the one the ghost was talking about?

It wasn't hard to predict.

"Sosiet."

The woman who inherited the cursed kingdom's bloodline. The ash-colored lady, Sosiet Gardentia.

The leader of the guide's headquarters, who had a special relationship with the ghost, and the woman who betrayed him.

"I thought I had a decent relationship with her... but it seems that wasn't the case with her. I want to hear the reason why she betrayed me. And there's not much time left."

The ghost's voice was filled with deep emotions.

"Ah, but you don't have to worry about that woman. Although our tendencies are similar, we're different in essence. As she grows and matures, she'll be a great help to you."

"That's right."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan said that she and Lee Tae-yeon, and Kang Joon-hyuk were not much different in terms of confidence, but that was not true.

Her skills were clearly above those of Kang Joon-hyuk and Lee Tae-yeon.

She really had the talent to become stronger than Taesan.

The foundation for growth was laid. The rest was up to her to solve.

Taesan moved.

* * *

Taesan had something to do as Taesan. The demon god granted Taesan the qualification to teach black magic. So, Taesan tried to teach black magic to players from other countries, but it was impossible.

Every time Taesan tried to grant magic, a huge power kept blocking it. Taesan could easily guess the reason.

This was the space created by the god of downfall, his domain. It seemed that the demon god was interfering in this way because of him.

"It's annoying."

It wasn't a crucial part, so it didn't matter much. It could be taught later when they met in person.

Taesan approached the leaders of each country who were gathered.

"Ah, Mr. Taesan."

Kim Hwi-yeon greeted Taesan. Taesan asked,

"Has the representative been decided?"
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Each country believes in its own leader and follows their orders. However, if they were to combine their powers, a representative who can make overall decisions was necessary by law.

Kim Hwi-yeon nodded her head.

"Yes, I'll do it."

Taesan was slightly surprised by her response.

"You?"

"Yes, is there something strange about that?"

"No, there isn't."

In their past life, Oliver had taken on the role of representative. Taesan had thought that Oliver would naturally take on the role again this time.

"Come to think of it, it's unlikely to happen."

In their past life, during the Trial of the Gods, Amelia had taken charge alone, and Oliver had played a role similar to a stopper, trying to block her.

The leaders of each country had willingly given up the representative position to Oliver, who had grown old and weary from managing Amelia.

But it wasn't the case this time. Amelia was in the background, and a special rule had been added, causing Oliver to take the lead and unite the American players.

Overall, there was strong anti-American sentiment. If Oliver were to become the representative, there would be many who would resist.

So, it was a reasonable decision that Kim Hwi-yeon, the leader of Korea and the strongest, Taesan, would become the representative.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Mr. Oliver, you know? Next time we return, we'll have to do a lot in the United States."

"Hmm... it's our fault, so there's nothing else to say. Let's try our best."

Many things have changed from the previous life.

There will be even greater changes ahead. Taesan thought that was how it would be.

There's only one day left.

Taesan trained Lee Tae-yeon and Kang Joon-hyuk during that time. He even forcibly brought Amelia from afar and made her fight.

The three of them became even stronger as they fought against an overwhelming strong opponent.

And time was up.

[Trial ended.] [Final winner: Kang Taesan] [Country with the most players remaining in the final battlefield: United States] [Reward for the final winner: Obtained the [Necklace of Baseness at the Bottom] with special activation skill [Forced Fall]] [Reward for the country with the most players remaining in the final battlefield: 100 points] [Obtained 2,410 points] [Obtained the [Necklace of Baseness at the Bottom]] [Obtained special activation skill [Forced Fall]] [Returning to the labyrinth.]

"Oh, you're back?"

Bel dentica welcomed Taesan.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Wow, this is amazing. It literally disappeared in the labyrinth. Where did it go?"

"I cleared God's trial and came back."

"God's trial?"

Beldegencia looked at Taesan with curious eyes.

"I didn't meet the altar, nor was I in the realm, but you're saying God's trial is here? What kind of God's trial is this?"

"The trial of the Fallen God, the Essence's trial."

Taesan's answer made Beldegencia's face stiffen.

Taesan opened his mouth to explain.

"I found something that looked like the princess's soul during the process of clearing his trial."