
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 286

286. The 71st Floor. The Giant King's Physical Body (1)

"……."

Tae-san's face contorted.

"Explain it in detail."

Tae-san urged the ghost to answer. If it was a normal change, Tae-san would have figured it out himself, but if the ghost's words were true, then this was a different story.

The 71st floor.

The depths of the labyrinth.

Now that Tae-san had entered the 63rd floor, he had entered this place. No matter how he tried, he couldn't move easily. He needed information.

[Hmm... just for a moment.]

The ghost hesitated and then began to explain slowly after a moment of thought.

[If I remember correctly, the previous 71st floor was a physical body of life.]

The ghost's words made Tae-san wonder about two things.

"What does this mean, the previous 71st floor?"

[Can I explain this much?]

The ghost said ambiguously.

[The depths of the labyrinth are different from the previous ones in that the floor-clearing quests change periodically. Although it's periodic, it changes only a few floors every few hundred years... anyway, it's not fixed.]

"Why is that?"
(Note: The translation is based on the assumption that the text is a part of a fantasy novel or story.)
Here is the translation of the text:

"I don't know that far. Let's speculate that the deeper layers may also have significance to the gods. If something is formed in one layer, it seems to change in shape."

"Is this place not the current 71st floor?"

"At least when I cleared the 71st floor, this place was not here."

One question was answered. Tai-san asked again.

"Is it the body of life? Not a labyrinth?"

"It's a labyrinth. From the depths, each layer is twisted in an abnormal way. Although we distinguish between layers, the inside is completely different. Sometimes it's like a completely different world, and sometimes it's a space with only one room. It's like it's a different place altogether."

Tai-san recalled what Taeyoung said.

She also said that the labyrinth changed from the 71st floor onwards. That's when it was really hell.

"So, whose body is it?"

"The body of an ancient king who fought against the gods and became a giant king's remains."

"That's the layer of the labyrinth. It's a big scale."

Tai-san looked around. Only red, gelatinous lumps were visible.

"Then this is a blood vessel."

"Maybe so?"

"..."

Entering the internal organs of life was Tai-san's first time.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san put on a pointy pair of pants. The floor seemed to be alive, making it hard to walk.

"It's uncomfortable."

It seemed like it would be a hindrance in battle.

Tae-san took a step forward, taking off his strength from his foot. A fork in the road appeared.

Tae-san looked at the system window that had been shown by Tae-san from earlier.

[Quest condition] In the heart of the dead giant king, crush the centipede that has infested the heart of the soul.

Sempung.

That place seemed to be the goal.

There was a problem, and it was unknown where this place was.

[I don't know the details, only what I've heard...]

Before the ghost's words were even finished, the ghost's appearance distorted.

Like noise on TV, the ghost's voice crackled.

"What?"

[Oh, sound.]

A moment later, the ghost's appearance returned to normal. The ghost muttered to itself in a hoarse voice.

[Don't say it, don't say it.]

"Who?"

[The god of the test.]

Tae-san scowled.

[I can deliver information, but I won't mention anything that directly affects the clear. I won't be of much help, I guess.]

"Uh."
From the perspective of the new character, it was a natural thing to do. As I consumed the surrounding interference, I unleashed a challenge, but I couldn't just watch others easily clear the quest with external interference.

For a moment, the mountain-like figure (Taesan) took a breath and surveyed its surroundings.

First, I had to figure out where I was.

[You have activated the ability to understand the essence.] [The corpse of the giant king who had died.] [A place where parasitic creatures were living.]

Those parasitic creatures. It seemed to be the ones that had been mentioned in the quest conditions.

[You have activated the scouting ability.] [The blood vessels of the giant king.]

I used both the front and back blood vessels. As a result, I was able to roughly estimate where I was.

[The blood vessel leading to the heart.] [The blood vessel leading to the left ventricle.]

This place was already the heart.

Well, even just the blood vessels would make this a labyrinth of average size, and if we were to climb up from the legs, it would be impossible to clear in a day or two. I didn't think it was worth wasting that much time.

Taesan slowly advanced through the labyrinth.

Even though I was near the heart, it wouldn't be that easy to end. This place was deep. If it was just a simple matter of moving forward, I wouldn't have unleashed a challenge. Clearly, something would exist, and Taesan's expectations were met.

Ka, ka, ka.
Here is the translation of the text:

"A loud noise was heard. The noise got closer and closer until it reached the front of Taesan.

"'Ant?'"

It was a red ant as big as a person. With its enormous jaw, it was staring at Taesan.

[A monster ant that eats internal organs appeared.]

It was the first time Taesan had seen an underground monster. Taesan stood up straight, and the ant started to dance with its legs.

"Ah, ah, ah."

The ant jumped up and ran at Taesan, its body glowing with a sticky liquid.

Although Taesan saw an unusual movement for the first time, it didn't look surprised. It read the ant's movements and swung its sword.

"Snap!"

"'Eeek!'"

The ant cried out, and Taesan scowled.

[The ant took 1104 damage.]

'Getting stronger.'

Although Taesan's attack power would normally deal over 4,000 damage, it only dealt a fraction of that. The ant's body didn't show any signs of damage, as if it had been struck by a sword on a turtle's shell.

"'Eeek!'"

The ant started to jump around again, lifting its jaw.

"Snap-snap."

Taesan blocked the ant's jaw with its sword. The ant grabbed the sword with its jaw and pulled it back.

"Uh..."
Here is the translation of the text:

The ant's pulling strength was quite strong. If it were a normal 63-story adventurer like Tai Shan, it would be a pulling force that would lead to a prolonged battle.

[You have activated the "Slippery" skill.]

"Kiik!"

The sword suddenly twirled and slipped out of Tai Shan's grasp.

Tai Shan quickly struck the ant's neck.

"Kiik! Kiik!"

The ant thrashed about. Its rough leg struck Tai Shan.

[Your first attack was nullified.]

Tai Shan inserted the sword even deeper. This time, he activated the "Strong Impact" and "Absolute Judgment" skills, as well as adding an extra strike.

However, the ant still fiercely flailed its leg and bumped into Tai Shan's jaw. As a result, Tai Shan had to swing his sword several more times.

"Ki-i-i..."

[You have defeated the ant that was eating away at your insides.] [The reward will be settled after clearing the trial.]

"Your vitality is almost depleted."

A ghost-like figure said with a tone of certainty.

[It's deep, isn't it? This is also quite low. No matter how many hundreds you've seen, it's still at this level.]

Just as the ghost's words ended, the sound of multiple ants bumping into the jaw was heard.

Dozens of red ants appeared simultaneously.

Tai Shan's surprised face was struck by the ants' legs.

* * *
Here is the translation of the text:

Dozens of ants were rushing towards him. The ants clattered their jaws against each other and bounced around, facing him head-on.

It was a decent number, taking up a considerable amount of time to deal with one ant, but it was no problem for him.

This was because he had a skill that made numbers meaningless.

[You have triggered a forced duel.]

He forced a duel with the ant at the back. The rushing ants suddenly scattered.

Quack.

Taisean quickly charged forward and stabbed the ant's chest with his sword.

The ant let out a rough cry and tried to bite back.

Taisean lowered his head and dodged the attack, stabbing the ant even deeper.

The ant resisted a few more times before dying.

Taisean quickly moved on to another ant and triggered a forced duel.

A ghost watched and muttered to himself.

[Come to think of it, you had that, didn't you? Numbers are no problem at all.]

A forced duel that designates a target and makes it impossible for anyone else to interfere, excluding the designated target, was a huge advantage in a labyrinth.

Therefore, the ants were no problem.

Taisean was thinking about something else.
Here is the translation of the text:

The ground was covered with a sticky substance, and it had a very strong elasticity. It was like fighting on a trampoline. It was really difficult to engage in a proper battle.

"However..."

I could have won easily.

The power that Tae-san had obtained by going down into the labyrinth was sufficient, even if it was just a superficial strength.

The fault.

Tae-san's foot slipped.

"'Is it possible like this?'"

The ground here was extremely unstable.

It was similar to the situation where even a small amount of force would be hard to maintain balance on a trampoline.

However, there was a skill that could only be obtained in this situation. Tae-san blocked the ant's attack and moved his foot.

"Ack!"

The ant dodged and pulled his foot back. As soon as the sticky substance touched his foot, a strong counterforce was felt in his leg. His body's balance was momentarily shaken.

However, Tae-san quickly moved his other foot.

The foot that slid across the ground like it was slipping helped to stabilize his body's balance.

Tae-san put his strength into his sword. As much strength as he put into his arm was also put into his leg to balance his body. At the same time, the sticky substance exerted a counterforce and tried to shake his balance.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san adjusted the balance of power. The strength in his arms and legs was poured into the spear, and he felt the counterforce as he swung it. He then redistributed the strength and wielded the spear.

Quickly!

"Ki-ik!"

The ant flew back, and Tae-san's physical body was maintaining a stable balance.

Tae-san took a step forward. This time, he used the counterforce to quickly approach the ant.

As he swung the spear, he adjusted the unstable balance. He had to do two things at once, both of which were difficult. It was like dancing on a trampoline, with the ground below.

However, it was not difficult for Tae-san.

He had tried it countless times before. The situation and conditions were different, but he was not struggling to adjust.

As the battle continued, Tae-san's movements became more refined.

By the time he had dealt with about ten ants, his movements were similar to fighting on solid ground.

Quickly!

Just then, the ant fell, and the system window appeared.

[You have perfectly maintained balance in a difficult situation and ended the battle. You obtained the special active skill [Balancing].]

Tae-san took a step forward.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san forced another showdown and leaped again. This time, the stage was very stable. The intense backlash felt like it was about to kick off, but the balance of power had automatically adjusted, allowing for a smooth continuation of the battle.

"Good."

Tae-san laughed and raised his hand.

[You activated the frozen world.]

Tch, tch, tch!

The heat was intense. The ants that were charging towards him froze all at once.

Tae-san activated the frozen world again, trying to resist the ants.

Tch, tch.

All the ants froze.

There were over a dozen enemies that needed to be completely neutralized with a mid-level spell.

"[It's a bit of a pain.]"

[Don't you know that it's a monster from the depths? Anyway, balancing. I finally got it. Until now, I couldn't get it.]

"You've got it too, haven't you?"

[I need it. And if you go through the depths, you'll get it by force.]

Skills can only be obtained by fulfilling certain conditions. Of course, if the conditions for obtaining a skill are not met, it's impossible to get it.

Therefore, it was because of the brief moment of time stop and the countless skills he had obtained in his previous life that he had not obtained them until now.

Balancing was one of them.