
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 287

287. The previous 71th floor. The Giant King's Physical Body (2)

[Special Active Skill: Balancing] [Proficiency: 1%] [Creates balance in the body regardless of the situation.]

The effect was simple. As described, it created balance in the body. Although it didn't ignore the laws of physics, it provided a sense of stability in any situation, making it unnecessary to worry about being affected in battle.

For now, that's all, but increasing proficiency will change the effect's dimension.

This skill played a significant role in Tai Shan's survival until the very end.

"'And then, the ascension was not activated, I guess.'"

The reward is said to be cleared after the trial, but the ascension was his power. It should have been activated regardless of the trial, as long as he defeated the enemy.

It's not strange that it didn't activate. The strength of an ant is not that impressive.

Just as Tai Shan took a step forward, a sound was heard.

The sound was getting closer to Tai Shan.

Tai Shan sneered.
Here is the translation of the text:

A few dozen ants bumped into each other and formed a group. When they saw Taesan, they discovered a red artery and ran towards it.

At first, Taesan responded as if the world had frozen. Although it consumed a certain amount of mana for mid-level magic, with its high intelligence and mana capacity, it could use it without any problems for dozens of times, making it easy to break through.

It even summoned Minerba and Barakaz to go together.

However, Taesan sensed the ants rushing towards it.

Trying to break through with force was futile.

Even if it was just a few hundred units, there would be no problem. But this was not the case.

It was impossible to calculate the exact number.

There were tens of thousands of units, and no matter how many times it was crushed, it just kept coming out. Trying to deal with all of them was a waste of time.

Moreover, the ascension to the next level did not activate, so it was unnecessary to be persistent.

Taesan chose to break through and summoned Minerba and Barakaz back, then started running.

[You have forced a duel to begin.]

Taesan challenged the ant that was in front of it to a forced duel and knocked it down. The ant fell to the ground and let out a scream.

"Ki-ki!"
Here is the translation of the text:

"It didn't die, but I didn't think of killing it either. The Taesan just walked past the ants. The ants roughly moved their jaws and legs to attack Taesan, but none of them were eaten due to the forced battle.

'Kiik!'

'Kiieek!'

The ants let out a cry and rush over.

Their speed was quite fast. Even when Taesan ran quickly, the crying sounds didn't fade away easily.

'Kiieeek!'

The ants wailed loudly.

The crying sounds spread throughout the space.

As Taesan ran away, he covered his mouth with his tongue.

"This again."

'Kiik!'

'Kiieeek!'

Innumerable ants were playing with their legs, bumping into each other, and running in front of Taesan.

[You have activated the Forced Battle.]

Kwajik.

After forcing the ants to retreat and sending them flying, Taesan uses his skills.

'Kiieeek!'

The ants are repelled by the Forced Battle. They continue to run without any obstacles.

However, the ants' waves do not cease.

No matter how far Taesan goes, his vision is filled with ants.

'How many are there?'

A split path appeared. Taesan used his skills.

[You have activated the Scouting.] [Vessel heading towards the real world.] [Vessel heading towards the spirit world.]
Here is the translation of the text to English:

The destination mentioned in the quest conditions was approaching.

Tai-san was heading towards the peak.

Continuously activating forced battles, he advanced. After running for about ten minutes, red gelatinous spaces appeared.

Finally, Tai-san quickly ran away from the ants' wave.

The ants let out a scream and chased after him.

Tai-san muttered to himself in a tired voice.

"What's so many?"

It was impossible to count them, as there were over a hundred. Maybe it could have reached a thousand. Just escaping was a huge challenge.

He had used his hiding technique in between, but it was meaningless. Physically, he had to collide with the bloodstream to reveal his presence.

Tai-san thought to himself. If he were a normal 71st-floor adventurer, could he have passed through this place like Tai-san?

The answer was impossible.

It was impossible to fight against so many ants without forced battles. Even now, Tai-san was much stronger than a normal 71st-floor adventurer, but he wouldn't have a choice but to flee, as a general adventurer would.
Here is the translation of the text:

There, they would not be able to scout. Taesan was able to find the way to the depths immediately by launching a scout, but they were unable to do so. It was as if they were lost in a labyrinth and could collapse at the end.

Taesan finally realized.

The way to clear this place was not by breaking through with brute force like Taesan.

No matter where they went, whether it was above or below, they had to find a way to avoid the ant's gaze or receive no attacks. And then they had to slowly approach the depths, avoiding the ants, and crush the parasitic bug deep in the heart. This was the strategy for conquering the 71st floor.

‘Is this the depths?'

“Click!”

The sound of ants crying out was heard. Hundreds of ants began to charge at Taesan again.

Taesan started running again, forcing a fierce battle. The ghostly figure saw Taesan's appearance, ignoring all attacks and advancing forward.

[This is really unbelievable skill.]

As I had felt before, seeing the strategy for conquering the depths made me feel even more convinced.

Forcing a fierce battle was a skill that changed the paradigm of strategy.
Here is the translation of the text:

In the depths, there were many battles where I defeated a single monster, but there were also many battles where I won against an unfathomable number of monsters. The forced battle skill was one that allowed me to clear all those layers without any problems.

To put it simply, if I didn't have the forced battle skill, I wouldn't have been able to make such a breakthrough.

No, I wouldn't have even been able to think of it. "Was it really a condition to fight only one monster against multiple monsters?"

The ghost remembered. Taesan had taken a magic arrow to paralyze all but one of the monsters and then continued the battle.

"It's really easy compared to its performance."

In reality, it was obtained for free. And the ghost also found out why Taesan got the forced battle skill at that time.

"It's too difficult to obtain later on."

From that point on, most monsters developed resistance to the paralyzing arrow. There were many layers where no monsters appeared, and even if they did, they were quite troublesome, making it impossible to meet the conditions for the forced battle skill.

I had to obtain it at the beginning, and Taesan did just that.

"But I understand now."

It was a problem with the skill's acquisition conditions.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Except for one, block the interference of all the other monsters and win the battle. Such an experiment was not even attempted by players who had reached the deepest level. However, Tai-san had done it from the lowest level and had obtained the reward."

The labyrinth is not just about brute force. It takes into account factors such as strategy, tactics, and many other elements. A skill, for example, was used.

"Kiik!"

The ants are screaming. Tai-san had given his leg even more strength.

I had felt a massive power since a while ago, and it was getting closer and closer as Tai-san ran.

The path was getting wider and wider, and soon a vast space was revealed.

Tai-san laughed mockingly at the spread-out landscape.

"What's this again?"

The space had become roughly the size of a huge baseball stadium. And all over the place, ants were crawling around.

It was not hundreds, but tens of thousands.

The sheer number was mind-boggling, but the ghost remained calm.

[It was surprisingly few. Was it still in the process of hatching?]

The ghost's words made Tai-san realize something. There was a single ant with wings in the center of the ants.

The ant was twice as big as the others, and it was white. The countless ants were rubbing against the winged ant.

[A queen ant that devours internal organs appeared.]
Here is the translation of the text:

The Taesan immediately realized. The monster to be caught was none other than the white queen ant right in front of him.

Taesan looked at the queen ant, and the queen ant also recognized Taesan.

The queen ant let out a rough cry.

"Ki-iik!"

As a result, the ants went wild and began to rush towards Taesan. They were determined to protect their queen from the intruder and charged at Taesan.

A stampede of thousands of ants.

It was like a wave.

Taesan calmly drew his sword and pointed it at the queen ant.

[You have activated forced combat.]

The ants rushing towards Taesan bounced off one by one. Taesan added strength to his legs.

[You have activated acceleration.]

He sprinted quickly towards the queen ant. The queen ant let out a rough scream and spread its wings.

Taesan's sword brushed past the spot where the queen ant was.

As he looked up at the sky, the queen ant was flying upwards, its wings fluttering.

The space was as large as a baseball field, with a very high ceiling. Although the queen ant continued to fly, it was still visible to Taesan's eyes, but to a normal person, it would appear as a tiny dot.

The queen ant flew all the way to a place that Taesan's hand couldn't reach.

"Ki-iik!"

"Ki-iik!"
Here is the translation of the text:

Tens of thousands of ants lifted their heads, but they couldn't reach Tai Shan. Without the queen ant, it was impossible to attack Tai Shan due to the forced battle effect.

Tai Shan gazed calmly at the sky.

"Kirik! Kirek!"

The queen ant wailed in the sky, her voice filled with mocking laughter, as if asking, "Can you really reach this far?"

Tai Shan tightened his legs.

[You have activated the perfect fairy's wings.] [You have activated the jump.]

The body, accompanied by the wings, rose into the sky.

The queen ant, who had seemed tiny just a moment before, suddenly grew. She was shocked to see Tai Shan's massive figure and hastily flapped her wings.

The fairy's wings moved, chasing after the queen ant and grasping her hand.

[You have activated Mephisto's black lightning.]

The dark lightning pierced the queen ant's body. The queen ant suddenly twitched, and in that instant, Tai Shan approached the queen ant.

The queen ant, barely managing to regain her composure, twisted her body.

Tai Shan drew his sword.

Thud.

"Kia!"

The queen ant's leg was severed. The queen ant screamed and flew away.
Here is the translation of the text:

As Mount Tai was about to activate Mephisto's black lightning, the Queen Bee let out a wail.

"Ki-i-i-iik!"

Then a strong determination covered the space. Mount Tai could sense it. The Queen Bee was summoning something.

The movements of the individual ants on the ground came to a halt.

"Ki-i-i-iik!"

The ants began to wail and rise up.

They piled up the walls, bumping into each other, forming a tower. Mount Tai turned its gaze back to the scene. Ants from outside were also pouring into the space through the cracks.

"Ki-i-k!"

"Ki-i-i-i!"

The ants filled the space completely.

Without a single gap, tightly and perfectly, they filled it in.

The Queen Bee's figure could no longer be seen.

[You have triggered a forced battle.]

You have time to think before challenging a nearby ant to a forced battle.

"Ah, clever."

The Queen Bee, who had realized that she could only target herself, changed her method. It was a method of filling the space with ants and fleeing, a way of evading danger.
Here is the translation of the text:

It was simple but effective. Since forced battles can only be used when the opponent shows their face, I had to find them one by one by blocking the path and hiding my appearance.

But was that even possible?

The Taesan had expanded his senses. Ants were constantly trying to get in from outside.

So many ants.

If there were so many, even magic or dark magic would be difficult to see effects. And even if I cleaned them up once, new ants would just fill the space.

If I did it together with the Sado-hwa, it might be possible, but it would take a very long time. And I couldn't afford to waste the Sado-hwa before encountering the parasites.

"What to do?"

Taesan thought of a way to approach the problem. He remembered one thing.

How does the queen ant control individual ants?

The answer was immediately clear. It was to emit a cry with a strong will. The will that was contained in the queen's cry was thick enough for Taesan to sense it.

And Taesan had a skill to read wills.

To individual ants, will is nonexistent.

They only follow the queen ant's commands.

Among these countless lives, only the queen ant and Taesan had will.

Taesan closed his eyes.
Here is the translation of the text:

Focusing one's mind and expanding one's senses, I could read the will that was hidden in the life.

And then, the Tai Shan discovered the will that was moving at the edge of space, which was not far away.

Just as the Tai Shan was about to rush to the location of the queen ant, it suddenly stopped.

"'Will'."

The queen ant, controlling the individual ants with her will.

I had already grasped the manifestation method and the wave of her will.

And then, the Tai Shan could also manipulate the will and affect the surroundings.

So then,

“Ki, ki?”

The individual ants who were about to lift their heads to the Tai Shan suddenly hesitated. The Tai Shan concentrated its mind. It infused strength into its will and spread it in all directions.

“Ki, ki, ki!”

The ants were in pain. Two wills clashed, causing their heads to ache. The queen ant, who had been fleeing and evasive, once again manifested her will to control the ants.

The Tai Shan responded to this. It imitated the manifestation method of the queen ant's will and also manifested its own will.

The two wills collided and shattered.

“Ki, ki, ki, ki!”
Here is the translation of the text:

Ants that were about to attack Taesan were in disarray and stumbled around.

[You have activated Ammon's Black Spike.]

The dark-smeared spike was grasped by Taesan's hand.

At the moment when the forced duel's time limit ended, Taesan struck the spike directly at the ant in front of him.

Kuuhuuu!

An explosion occurred. Along with the loud noise, the ants around him flew away in unison.

Originally, the ants would have quickly filled the vacant spaces, but the ants that did not receive the order were confused and disoriented. Taesan immediately stamped his foot.

While moving his wings and having determination, he chased after the existence that had a will to pursue him. The queen ant, startled by Taesan's accurate tracking, moved around amidst the ants, but it was no longer of use.

[You have activated Forced Duel.]

He drew his sword.

"Kiiii!"

The sword pierced the queen ant's abdomen. As the queen ant let out a scream, Taesan muttered on top of her.

"Fall down."

[You have activated Landing.]

With the queen ant laid flat, his body fell. The queen ant flapped her wings roughly and moved her legs, but was completely subdued.

"Kiiiiik!"

Kuuhuuu!
Here is the translation of the text:

The queen ant, who had been flying in the sky, fell to the ground.

Tai Shan moved his sword.

Just then, the ants, who had regained their senses, moved to protect their queen with all their might. They lifted their mandibles and swung their legs.

However, at the moment they touched Tai Shan, they were all repelled.

It was the effect of a forced duel.

"Kiiik! Kiiik!"

The queen ant's combat power was not particularly impressive. It was only as strong as a single ant, so it was easy to defeat.

[You have defeated the queen ant that devours your internal organs.] [The reward will be settled after clearing the trial.] [Your ascension has been triggered. Your vitality has permanently increased to 1030, strength to 204, and agility to 255.] [Your ascension has been triggered. The skill level of ??? has increased by 1%.]

The ascension increase was less than expected. Given that the queen ant's strength was not particularly impressive, it was only natural.

And along with the increase in ???'s skill level, something felt different.

It was unclear exactly what had changed. The strength of the body remained the same, and the stats remained unchanged.
Here is the translation of the text:

But he had become able to do even more than before.

Tai Shan took out a sword from the queen ant.

Individual ants were astonished that the queen ant had died, and were bewildered, as if they had lost their commanding officer who could give them orders.

Tai Shan, looking at the individual ants with a blank expression, revealed his determination.

The bewildered individual ants gradually calmed down.

"Ki-i-i..."

The individual ants began to take notice of Tai Shan and started to leave. The ghost asked in surprise.

[Aren't you controlling it?]

"It's just a pretension. A mimicry."

He had remembered the queen's method of revealing her determination and had imitated it.

Tai Shan pressed his forehead. His head was spinning.

He endured the pain and opened the skill window.

[Concept Skill: Determination ???] [Proficiency: 60%] [The power of determination manifests. It allows one to sense and harmonize with the determination of all living beings. One can project one's determination onto the world and obtain ???.]

"Still."

The proficiency of the concept skill had reached 60%.
Here is the translation of the text:

And a new sentence emerged. It was a sentence that could project one's will to the world.

[Hmm... it's just like that. It's not just about the level of the sword, you know.]

The ghost was astonished. After reading the skill menu, Tai Shan took a step forward.

Beyond the vast space, there was another narrow corridor.

Tai Shan passed through that place.

As the short corridor came to an end, a heart appeared.

A tiny heart inside the heart.

Of course, compared to the size of a giant, it was small. A heart much larger than an ordinary building was covered with scars. Half of the heart was torn apart and had stopped beating.

Blood vessels were flowing between the heartbeats.

And a worm was wriggling between them.

[A centipede that devours the heart appeared.]