
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 288

288. The 71st floor of the past. The physique of the Giant King (3)

"Ki-i-i!"

The cicada-like creature wails, and my heart begins to pound.

Thud. Thud.

The fierce pounding causes the liquid to vibrate, and the blood that was slowly flowing begins to gush out like a waterfall, synchronized with the pounding of my heart.

The flowing blood fills my feet and surrounds me.

And then, the blood erupts.

"Ki-i-i."

The cicada-like creature wails. It was clear that it was an enemy intent on killing the Great Mountain.

"It's easy to understand."

Either die or kill. One of the two was enough. There was no need to engage in conversation.

The blood that erupted rises into the air and assumes a solid form.

And then, the blood shoots towards the Great Mountain. It becomes a sharp thorn, trying to pierce through my entire body.

The Great Mountain draws its sword.

Ka-ga-ga!

It deflects and blocks the thorns of the blood, sending them flying away. The blood breaks and scatters in all directions.
Here is the translation of the text:

But before the scattered bloodstains reached the ground, it suddenly rushed towards Tai Shan again. Tai Shan clenched his fists, and a wave of blood poured out, as if trying to bind Tai Shan's entire body. Tai Shan punched out with his fist.

Boom!

The gust of wind blew.

And before the blood could reach the gust of wind, it split apart.

Tai Shan dodged the attack and rushed towards Tai Shan again. Tai Shan widened the distance.

The blood seemed to be moving on its own, as if it had a self.

[You have activated your true nature.] [The blood of the giant king who had died, being manipulated by the centipede's will.]

"It's troublesome."

The centipede's power was not that impressive. At this moment, Tai Shan had already surpassed the 71st floor, making it easy to win.

But the movement of the blood was troublesome. There was no hint of power. It was impossible to predict its movement beforehand.

It was a natural phenomenon. That was the power of a deceased existence. There was no longer any change or movement.

Since the centipede was forcing it to move, it was impossible to read its trajectory or understand the manifestation of its power.

"Ki!"

The centipede let out a small cry. In that instant, Tai Shan read the centipede's intention.

Tai Shan immediately kicked out. He widened the distance from the bloodstained ground.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Buzz buzz buzz!"

And at the same time, the ground trembled, and the tiny creatures on the floor began to stir restlessly.

If I hadn't moved earlier, I would have become one of them. Taesan spread his wings and looked down at the ground calmly.

There was no prelude to the movement of the creatures. It was impossible to predict what they would do.

But Taesan read their intentions and dodged them.

"It's all about concept skills."

A half-ruined world, where I obtained the skill to read and adjust intentions.

The fact that I controlled the creatures with my intentions made me feel that the intention of the creature in front of me was stronger than any of the enemies I had seen before.

And Taesan's concept skills rose to 60% as he crushed the queen ant.

Now Taesan can project his intentions into the world.

"Ki ki ki!"

The creature lets out a scream. The creatures become even more restless and swirl around Taesan, trying to engulf him.

Taesan stretches out his hand, gazing blankly.

"Halt."

And then the creatures exploded.

* * *

The exploded creatures fell onto Taesan's face.
Here is the translation of the text:

That was an extremely dangerous situation. Jinne could control the plot in any way she wanted. She made the plot that was connected to Tae-san sharp and could reduce the damage.

"Kiii!"

And Jinne didn't miss the opportunity. She manifested her will to control the plot that was connected to Tae-san.

But nothing happened.

"Kiii? Kiii!"

Jinne was flustered. Tae-san muttered to himself.

"I can't control it the way I want yet."

Tae-san looked at the plot that was spread on the ground and raised his will.

Then, the plot responded to Tae-san's will and began to move.

Tae-san kicked his foot. The sharp plot flew towards Jinne.

"Kiii!"

Jinne screamed. The plot that collided with her will burst forth.

The ghost realized what Tae-san was doing.

"...Are you controlling the plot?"

Not with mana, nor with physical strength. Tae-san was controlling the plot only with his pure will.

"Kiii...Kiii..."

Jinne couldn't understand.

She had existed here from the beginning of her consciousness. Although her consciousness was sometimes disrupted, she had lived her entire life as a lump of flesh buried underground.
Here is the translation of the text:

As the hunger in his belly grew, he devoured the flesh of his heart and drank his own blood. For an unfathomable amount of time, the remains of the Giant King became part of his body.

Finally, he was able to control the Giant King's blood.

Using this power, he turned many who came to this place into part of himself. No one was able to resist his power.

At some point, no one came to visit anymore, but he didn't understand why.

As time passed, he became convinced that he was absolute. As long as this place was filled with blood, he was invincible.

But now, that invincibility has been broken.

"Aaaah!"

He convulsed and burst with determination. Tai Shan looked at the blood at his feet at the same time.

The blood seemed to be stirring, as if it was about to rise, but then it became still.

The blood at his feet, which he had been trying to summon to pierce Tai Shan, only became even more incomprehensible to him.

The blood, which had always moved according to his will, was no longer moving. It felt like someone was obstructing him.

"Ah, I see."

A ghostly voice whispered in awe.

"Willpower alignment... Is it actually manifestation? Can you move objects with just your will?]
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's not a grand thing. I can't do something extraordinary. But... I think I can do it now."

Her will is moving.

The blood is boiling. She is screaming like she's having a fit. The blood is bursting out in all directions due to the collision between her will and the blood.

The mountain is rushing towards her.

She tried to struggle, but her strength was only enough to resist one drop of blood. Although she's not weak, she's no match for the mountain.

Quack.

"Ki-i-i!"

The mountain's sword pierced deep into her heart. She screamed as the sword was lodged in her body.

The mountain inserted his hand deep into her heart.

The quivering sensation reached his hand. The mountain tightened his grip. With a sudden noise, her long body began to burst out of her chest.

"Ki-i-i!"

The mountain brought her down. The blood on the floor splattered violently.

She was trampled on the floor, and the sword was stuck in her body, drawn out longly.

She struggled several times. She moved her countless limbs to escape, and tried to bite the mountain.

The mountain calmly crushed all her resistance.

"Ki-i-i-i..."

Before long, she was stretched out limp.
Here is the translation of the text:

You have defeated the centipede that was devouring your heart. [Your spiritual energy has been activated. Your physical strength has permanently increased to 1021, your power to 150, and your intelligence to 300.] [Your spiritual energy has been activated. The proficiency of ??? has increased by 2%.] [Sub-quest completed.] [Starting to settle the account......]

A ghost asked:

[How did you do it exactly?]

"Just a moment."

Tai Shan gazed at the pool of water, concentrating his mind. Suddenly, the water began to stir.

Whoosh.

The water swirled around Tai Shan, as if dancing.

Tai Shan closed his eyes. The water that was being stirred slowly subsided.

"This is it, I suppose."

[Ah...]

The ghost let out a sigh.

It's only natural to handle things with just one's power and influence reality.

Tai Shan was now demonstrating the power that transcendent beings possess.

However, Tai Shan remained calm and objective.

"It's not that impressive, really."
The queen ant's will was easily suppressed because the difference between her and the individual ant was enormous. Moreover, the individual ant did not have an ego, so it was easy to have an impact on it.

And the same was true for the cicada.

The cicada was not handling the vital energy with its own power. Instead, it was interfering with the existing giant king's power in a way that was already present.

In other words, it was a problem of who could interfere with the ownerless power.

As a result, the will of the Tai Shan was easily shattered. It was impossible for those who handled normal power to interfere. The power of the transcendent was far away.

[But even considering that, it seemed like an impossible power... .]

However, the ghost was still astonishing. In other words, it meant that it could exercise an influence close to absolute on ownerless power.

"Let me check the details. I'll go ask Half-Ran about it."

Tai Shan muttered to himself. At the same time, a system window appeared.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Settlement completed.] [You have obtained the 63rd floor clear reward [Red Shoes of Magu Bania].] [You have obtained the 63rd floor secret room reward [a magic tool filled with deep darkness].] [You have obtained the 63rd floor clear reward [???].] [Your level has risen.] [Your level has risen.] [Your level has risen.] [The interference zone of the Overlord has decreased.] [The Overlord invites you to join his realm.]

The Mountain God nodded his head.

"I accept."

Kuung!

And then the world changed. Everything was distorted, and the Mountain God's body began to move towards the realm of the gods.

The Mountain God arrived at a place, where a massive door was in front of him.

A door that was larger than a mountain, impossible to open. In the dark space, only one black door was visible.

[Are you interested?]

A voice called out from behind the Mountain God's back. It was a light, unpretentious voice.

[You are not qualified to open this door right now. It's a story for later. Even if you want to open it, I won't stop you, though.]

"No."

The Mountain God shook his head and turned around.

There was a man with black hair standing there.

His face had a single smile. A young man wearing adventurer's clothing opened his mouth.

[It's nice to meet you.]

"I greet the great god."

The Mountain God kneeled down. The Overlord extended his hand.

[You don't have to do that. Just be at ease.]
Here is the translation of the text:

As he spoke, the arrogant one snapped his fingers, and two wooden chairs suddenly appeared.

[Sitting down.]

The arrogant one sat down and said, "Taisan follows his words."

[You haven't seen me for a long time, have you?] [...I am honored to see you.]

The ghost, who had been quiet until then, suddenly spoke up. The arrogant one gazed at the ghost for a moment and muttered to himself.

[I'm thinking about your situation and wondering when you'll finally reach the end. I thought that if you had the chance, you could achieve it.]

The ghost spoke with a hint of bitterness. He had already failed, and even if he had reached the end, he would not have been able to achieve his hopes. To him, there was no consolation.

However, the arrogant one continued to speak.

[What will you do if you fail and can't find the opportunity again?] [...What do you mean?] [I heard it from Jerban.] [...?]

Jerban had said it to the ghost. The ghost would have three choices, and he should not regret his mistake.

[The time is approaching, so don't regret it.] [...Thank you.]

The ghost fell silent.

Taisan asked, "..."
Here is the translation:

"Are you looking into the future?"

[It's not something grand. Some of the people who dislike you are stirring up trouble, and it's not hard to predict what they'll do.]

The arrogant one shook his head and opened his mouth.

[I brought this trial upon you because I wanted to confirm one thing.]