
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 295

295. The Iron Wall That Guards the World. Shaman (3)

"Ah!"

Shaman spits out blood.

Tae-san stands still, twisting his sword and trampling down. Shaman falls to the ground.

"Wow!"

He does not give up. He brandishes his sword with all his might, activating his skills.

However, the battle was already in a state of exhaustion. Tae-san crushes Shaman's flailing with his strength and subdues him.

Kaang!

The sword, wielded with great force, sends the great sword flying. It shatters the armor and crushes the helmet.

Kwajik.

The sword, as if it was the last, pierces his chest once more.

[Shaman suffers fatal damage and is about to die. A created skill is activated, making him immune to all damage for 10 seconds, but he will die afterwards.]

"...Ah."

Shaman gasps for breath.

"...Monster-like guy..."

His eyes, looking at Tae-san, were filled with astonishment and distrust.

"Really, it's unbelievable. Someone who hasn't even reached the depths can defeat me...,"

He laughs.

"It's unbelievable...,"

He was the Iron Wall that guards the world.
Here is the translation of the text:

Outside, no one could breach his defense, and he alone faced the great army. This was not different even when he entered the labyrinth. The adventurers who had already taken their positions in the labyrinth were also amazed by his defense. They acknowledged him and became his comrades after descending into the labyrinth, and from then on, no one could easily breach him.

He thought that only a bright future lay ahead. Although he knew that adventurers were coming from above, he believed that they would not be able to match him.

Just then, the breakthrough to the sealed floor was successful, and he thought that he could only go down to the end of the labyrinth.

But, alas, he was about to meet his death here.

He felt empty and meaningless.

"But... I have lost."

The defeated one had to accept defeat calmly. He suppressed his emotions and said:

"Congratulations. You have won. You are our enemy."

With that, Shamán's body collapsed.

The deep-sea adventurer, Shamán, who had lived in the labyrinth for an unknowable period of time and boasted of an almost absolute power, died here.
Here is the translation of the text:

"You have won against Shaman." "Your level has risen." "Your level has risen." "Your level has risen." "Your level has risen." "Your magical power has been activated. Your vitality, strength, agility, and intelligence have all risen permanently by 8021, 721, 832, and 843 respectively." "The desire for victory has been activated. Your vitality, strength, agility, and intelligence have all risen permanently by 1023, 322, 310, and 200 respectively." "Your magical power has been activated. You have obtained the special skill 'Wind and Thunder'." "Your magical power has been activated. Your stealth skill has increased by 5%, your acceleration skill has increased by 4%, and your jumping skill has increased by...". "Your magical power has been activated. You have obtained the special skill 'Forceful Vitality Drain'." "You have defeated the adventurer who has ventured into the depths and won against Shaman. You have obtained the special skill 'The Enemy of the Deep'."

---

As he caught his breath, Taesan leaned against the wall.

He wasn't an easy opponent.

Despite ignoring the opponent's strongest card, defense, and engaging in a fierce battle, there were still moments of danger.

The skill of the greatsword was threatening in itself, and the constantly regenerating vitality made the opponent seem like a monster rather than an adventurer.

But he won.

He had overcome and was now standing here.

[It's finally over.]

Even the ghost was impressed. Taesan knew that with his strength, he could defeat Shaman. Even if the opponent had ventured into the depths, the chances of victory were still high.

But even knowing this, seeing it with his own eyes was a different story.

Taesan's victory against Shaman meant that his revenge was almost within reach.

[It won't be that easy, though.]

"This time, I was too lucky," Shaman said, boasting about his absolute defense, but Taesan had an absolute advantage.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, other leaders were different. They did not focus on defense like shamans.

‘Is it time yet?'

There was a slight difference in leadership with the guide's leaders.

But it was really close. And with this victory, we got even closer.

“Status window.”

[Kang Tae-san] [Level: 134] [Shield: 5909/5909] [Health: 71320/71920] [Mana: 6560/6560] [Magic: 878/878] [Strength: 12239] [Intelligence: 11041] [Agility: 12995] [Attack power + 4158] [Defense power + 2882] [Target is in perfect condition.]

Tae-san laughed.

All of my stats surged by over 2000 points with just one battle.

And now, I have caught up with Tae-yeon's strength, agility, and intelligence stats.

It was a monstrous growth even before reaching the depths. It was a freakish growth.

My stats were not the end. I also obtained multiple skills and equipment.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Broken armor. Bahalram's helmet] [Attack power + 150] [Defense + 300] [Movement speed + 10%] [Broken armor. Bahalram used this helmet during his mortal lifetime. Although it's broken, the value within it has not diminished.]

And the perfect clearing reward.

[The strongest armor in the world, forged from the deepest depths of the world.] [Strength + 600] [Defense + 600] [Magic resistance + 10] [The most profound and deepest armor. Made by hundreds of high-ranking officials who sacrificed their lives in the dungeon. Its value is unparalleled, even in the presence of gods.]

Overall, the equipment had high stats and was not bad.

And, as a result of advancing to a higher level, I obtained the Shaman's skills.

[Special activation skill: Windy Gallop] [Mastery: 1%] [Mana consumption: 100] [Unleashing a storm-like slash with the sword while charging forward. Movement can be adjusted to some extent.]

The Shaman pressured Tai Shan with this skill. Although there was a difference in stats, it was not particularly threatening. However, if the stats were similar, it would have been quite formidable.

[You have activated Windy Gallop.]

Taking a step forward, I charge forward with the sword. The sword slices through the air like a storm, cutting down everything in its path.

"It's not bad."
Here is the translation of the text:

"The speed and strength of this skill increased when not being used compared to when it was not used. Although the ratio is not large, it could be advantageous in long battles.

[Special constant activation skill: Forced vitality drain] [Proficiency: 1%] [Restores a certain percentage of the damage dealt to the opponent's vitality.]

"'I had this kind of skill, what a joke.'"

I don't know what the ratio is. However, Shaman was an adventurer who had entered the labyrinth a long time ago.

The proficiency of this skill must have been around 100% or close to it. According to Taesan's experience, when a skill's proficiency reaches 100%, its performance changes.

Even if it recovers 20% of the damage dealt, it's not unusual. Shaman had more than 10 vitality recovery skills.

The proficiency of these skills must have been very high as well. I finally understand why Shaman was boasting about his vitality.

[Special constant activation skill: The enemy of those who tread the deep path] [Proficiency: 1%] [When fighting an adventurer who is deeper in the labyrinth, all stats increase. The amount of stat increase increases with the adventurer's depth in the labyrinth.]

This skill made it easier to fight against the leaders."
Here is the translation of the text:

And in addition, the proficiency of many skills has increased significantly. If we combine all of them, it's as if the proficiency has increased by several tens of percent.

"Indeed."

The inner circle's adventurer.

For a few hundred years, perhaps even more, the strong ones who had taken up residence in the inner circle, so if we can defeat them, we will receive a huge reward.

"Ah."

The mountain breathed a sigh of relief. He had won. Now it was time to descend into the labyrinth.

* * *

[Starting the 65th floor quest.] [Uncover the secrets of the 65th floor's witch's territory and break through.] [Reward: Green Witch's Staff] [Mystery reward: ???]

The 65th floor was covered overall with green plants filling the walls and floor.

The monsters that appeared were plant-type monsters. They shook their stems and tried to grasp Taesan.

Taesan subdued the monsters. Since his stats had increased significantly compared to before, he was able to defeat them without using much strength.

As he cleared the floor, Taesan thought to himself.

'Guiding the inner circle.'

Their countermeasures. And what is the source of their strength?

When he fought one of them, he finally got a feel for it.

It wasn't stats. At this point, Taesan's stats were higher than those of the inner circle's cleared leader, Lee Taeyeon.
Here is the translation of the text:

Of course, Taeyeon missed a lot and only cleared the maze using unfair means, but even so, it's reasonable to say that she surpassed the guides of the sinful path by at least 70 floors.

In reality, Taesan crushed Shaman in stats.

And he had skills that Shaman couldn't have, skills that were overwhelming.

However, he couldn't crush Shaman.

Of course, since he didn't use his final chance and didn't use the power of gray, he had some leeway, but it wasn't an easy win.

"Equipment."

The equipment that Shaman used effectively in the battle with him was just one great sword. The skill of the great sword was to cleave a mountain with a single strike.

Even Taesan, who was superior in stats, could hardly block it. The superiority in stats was something that could be responded to with equipment.

And there was one more thing.

"Skill proficiency."

It was a natural thing to think about.

The guides of the sinful path had lived deep in the labyrinth for a long time. It was said even before the ghost entered the labyrinth.

Were they idle during that time? Certainly not. They must have competed with each other, fought, and strengthened their power. In the process, they obtained numerous skills and their skill proficiency would naturally increase.

"It's only natural."
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san had forgotten about it. Because he had only cleared the solo mode with Taeyeon, who was not like that. Taeyeon's battle skills were not particularly impressive. Most of them were basic battle skills that anyone could have, so even if she had high proficiency, they wouldn't be particularly impressive.

Moreover, Taeyeon had always been looking for alternative methods other than battle, so she had many special skills related to evasive maneuvers, but few skills that could help in battle. Compared to Tae-san, her proficiency was very high, but the guide on the path of sin had almost perfected all her skills.

Even Shaman could see this. She had more than ten recovery skills that could not be counted. Each of these skills had been obtained after a long time spent in the labyrinth, and their effects were different from the basic skills of healing or buffing.

Thanks to these skills, Shaman suffered more than 100,000 points of damage but did not fall. Instead, she pressured Tae-san.

Could Tae-san have such infinite recovery even if he possessed those skills? The answer was no. Skills change with increasing proficiency, and as proficiency increases, the scope of change becomes wider.
Here is the translation of the text:

When the proficiency in forced duels is 1%, it takes 10 seconds, but when it reaches 100%, it takes 1 minute.

There was such a difference.

As for the leaders of the guides we will meet in the future, they are no different from Shaman, I suppose.

But no, they will be even stronger.

Shaman fought without his core skill, which is a defensive skill, so he needed to prepare for it.

Tai Shan grasped his sword and broke through the barrier.

Shaman's defeat and Tai Shan's victory.

This news was also reported to the leaders.

They gathered again in one place.