
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 297

297. The Green Witch (2)

[What kind of secret area is this?]

The ghostly voice emitted a tone that was utterly absurd.

[No, I need to grasp the magic to understand this place. This is just a bunch of nonsense. Can't other adventurers figure this out?]

"It's quite special, I suppose."

In reality, other adventurers would not be able to obtain any rewards from this place. Even the Great Mountain, which had achieved a spiritual ascent, was unable to obtain anything and was about to retreat.

"What's going on with this?"

The Great Mountain muttered and confirmed the rewards.

[???] [I obtained the liquid from the cursed swamp.] [Cursed Swamp Liquid] [A swamp deep in the forest, where all living things sink to the bottom. I obtained this liquid. The toxins and resentments contained within are capable of destroying the world.]

Material items.

The Great Mountain also had a device that allowed it to consume items.

The whip wrapped around the Great Mountain's arm suddenly sprang into action, sucking in the liquid.

The color of the vines began to darken and become increasingly murky.
Here is the translation of the text:

[The Arm Guard with a Soul.] [An arm guard that will kill everything except its owner. It was created by a witch's whims. There is still something hidden. It has absorbed the thorns of red roses, the roots of green vines, the cursed leaves, the black soil, and the liquid of the cursed swamp.]

[Attack power + 325] [Defense power + 200]

The attack and defense powers have each increased by 100. It has surpassed a simple arm guard and has become a weapon with an overwhelmingly superior performance.

Tae-san gazed at the arm guard with a calm expression.

This arm guard was made by a witch.

The clear condition for clearing the 65th floor was to break through the witch's territory.

And this place was the territory of the green witch.

The owner of the arm guard was here, which meant that.

"Is it uneasy?"

Tae-san muttered to himself as he walked through the forest.

* * *

The shopkeeper said something about the person who made the arm guard.

Tae-san tried to remember.

"She wasn't that strange, but she had too strong an ego. There were people who liked her, but I wasn't one of them. But why?"

"It's because that person came here too."

"It's possible... yes, it's possible. I didn't think about it, but she was a woman with a very unpredictable nature."

The shopkeeper and the resident of the same world. She had a strong ego and was unpredictable, and Tae-san didn't like her.
Here is the translation of the text:

The one who had made his own territory in the labyrinth now stood in front of the giant mountain. Kugugung... 

As they approached the giant mountain, the roots began to shake. A giant tree rose up and glared at the mountain.

The roots trembled without cease, and the mountain giant took out his sword.

Kugugung! 

The roots tore up the earth and charged forward. The mountain giant stomped his foot.

[You have triggered an earthquake.]

The earth collapsed.

The charging roots were crushed and trampled by the crumbling earth, and the mountain giant charged towards the giant tree, brandishing its branches. Kaga kaga kaga! 

He swung the branches aside and continued forward.

The thrilling weight was felt as he grasped the sword hilt.

Kung kung kung! 

He dodged and parried the incoming attacks, cutting down the tree. The wounded tree began to rampage.

He dodged and parried all of them, giving a finishing blow, and then...

Kugugung... 

[Your strength has been upgraded. Your vitality has increased by 1,430 permanently.]

'The Strong One.'

The mountain giant shook his sword.

The 71st floor, the remains of the giant. The power there was stronger than even the ants, and it was not an enemy that could be expected to emerge from at least the 65th floor.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san looked up at the sky.

The green sky was visible through the dense foliage.

[You have activated your essence perception.] [In the realm of the green witch.]

Everything was created by the witch.

Tae-san went deeper.

He trampled the grass and wildflowers and approached the vast lake. When Tae-san arrived at the lake, the lake began to churn violently.

Kuku, kuku, kuku...

The lake rose like a giant, forming a shape similar to a giant.

The giant, as big as a mountain, looked at Tae-san with a cold gaze.

[The lake giant has appeared.] [...... Infiltrator.]

"What do you want to say?"

Tae-san muttered to himself. The giant growled like a beast.

[Don't dare to tread on my master's territory with dirty feet. Die.]

The lake erupted.

The giant's body collapsed, and the water churned violently.

Tae-san drew his sword.

[You have activated your attack.] Kwaang!

The water exploded, and Tae-san was pushed backward. Although he was in a state of using the Sadohwa, he was overwhelmed by the force.

"Ah."

Tae-san spat and shook his hand.
Here is the translation of the text:

You have activated the frozen world.

Zhee-zhee-zhee!

The lake begins to freeze, but the coldness quickly disappears along with the rough shout.

"What's the point of using the power of another god in your domain? You can't be forgiven!"

"It's pointless to kill me, isn't it?"

The Taesan murmurs. With a voice filled with rage, the lake becomes a tsunami and engulfs Taesan. Taesan draws a frost sword.

You have activated the whirlwind dash. You have activated the scattering.

Whoa-za-za!

He dashes through the storm, wielding the sword. The tsunami parts and a path appears. On the other side of the tsunami is a small water orb.

"You!"

The Taesan, who has approached him, is startled by the giant's appearance.

This is the true body. Taesan quickly realizes his opponent's true form and thrusts his sword. The orb hastily absorbs water and bursts.

Kuku-kuku-kung!

The explosion engulfs the entire forest. Taesan quickly recognizes the type of power.

A type of power that explodes momentarily. The duration is extremely short.

Taesan makes a quick decision.
Here is the English translation of the text:

[You've activated a random Blink.] [You've activated the Aegis of Igz. For 1 second, you become immune to all damage.]

You pull out the Aegis and separate the distance. The waves crash against your body roughly.

[Hmm, I think I'm dead. I dare not intrude into my master's territory, so I'll die.]

The giant takes a deep breath. The waves subside, and the Tai Shan appears without a wound.

[……How is this possible?]

"Ah, magnificent!"

Tai Shan puts away the Aegis. It seems that he actually has the strength of the upper echelons.

[You…….]

The giant growls and gathers its strength again. The waves surge and begin to rise. Tai Shan stands up straight and draws his sword.

Just as the giant is about to unleash its strength again, a small voice rang out.

"What's going on?"

A very small and gentle voice was heard by their ears.

The voice was powerless, but the giant was startled. Its rising strength stopped.

"It seems that my strength is getting out of control, and then suddenly... you're the kid, aren't you?"

[No, no, it's not. Master, this is...]

"Is it not?"

The voice's owner appears, splitting the woods.
Note: The translation is based on the assumption that "태산" refers to Tai Shan, a character from Chinese mythology, and not a literal mountain.
Here is the translation of the text:

She had long, lush green hair that reached down to her ankles. Her face was smooth and had a smile, but her green-colored eyes were sunken.

On her head was a witch's hat, and she wore a witch's robe. In one hand, she held a staff shaped like a comb.

She revealed herself to be a traditional witch, just as one would imagine.

[The Green Witch appeared.]

"Ah, little one."

The witch held up her staff.

"What happened to destroy my forest? Can you tell me the reason?"

The giant looked around.

The forest had been devastated by the giant's strength, and it would take at least a hundred years to recover naturally.

The giant began to shrink.

[Because the enemy appeared, I'll crush it...]

"I didn't say I would welcome visitors who came a thousand years ago?"

[Yes, all those who come will be killed... that's what I was told.]

"That's a thousand-year-old command."

[...]

The giant fell silent. The witch let out a sigh.

"It's been a thousand years since visitors came, so it's understandable that I might be confused, but isn't this a bit too much?"

[Oh no, I'm sorry.]
Here is the translation of the text:

"Well, I'll have to take my revenge then."

The witch shook her staff.

A light swing. The power that flowed out was nothing compared to the power of the staff's owner.

However, at the same time, the lake's rumble and the earth's deep tremors occurred.

[Thud, thud, thud!]

"I'll take it out later, so reflect on your actions."

The witch struck the earth with her staff. The forest, damaged by the power, began to grow again, and in a few seconds, it regained its original appearance.

Each movement was a movement that could not be reached by the gods. It was a wave that touched the very fabric of the world.

A being that transcended mortality.

The witch looked at the mountain.

"I'm sorry. I treated you like a guest. I'll make it up to you with plenty."

"You...don't have to. It seems there was a misunderstanding."

"You're a polite child."

The witch smiled with her eyes.

"There's no need to refuse. I also have something I want from you."

She shook her staff again. The trees began to twist and take the shape of a house. Soon, a small hut was created.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Come in."

The witch entered the hut. She concealed her appearance and a ghost let out a sigh.

[Why is such a being sitting on the 65th floor and not in the depths?]

The mountain followed the witch into the hut.

The witch, having removed her hat, was pouring tea from a small teapot.

"Take it."

She sat down in a chair and placed a teacup on the table.

The mountain sat across from her and took a sip of tea.

Unexpectedly, it was just a normal tea. Her abilities did not increase, and her mind did not become enlightened. The mountain's expression, as if he had noticed something, caught the witch's attention, and she laughed with a "ho ho".

"It's just gotten old. It's a way to return to the normal era."

"That's right."

The witch looked at the ghost behind the mountain. She smiled slightly.

"You're that noisy existence, aren't you."

[Is that what you're saying?]

The ghost, who had not expected to be spoken to by someone other than the mountain, asked cautiously. The witch nodded.

"Yes. You're wondering what kind of choice you'll make. It's a little intriguing."
Here is the translation of the text:

"Ghost's Choice."

There were those who had spoken about it. They were all transcendental beings.

The Taesan opened its mouth.

"May I dare to ask a question?"

"Go ahead and ask."

"Are you immortal?"

The witch holding the car stopped in mid-air.

She gazed at the Taesan for a moment and smiled.

"You're bold. I like it."

The witch put down the teacup.

A moment later, a powerful energy wave was felt.

Everything outside the hut was distorted. The sky was shaking, and the world itself was starting to reverse.

The Taesan broke through the forest and realized that the width of this forest was equivalent to an ordinary planet.

The witch sitting in front of the Taesan was lightly adjusting the entire scene.

The world was in her hand.

"It's just as you expected."

The witch twisted the world and said:

"I have surpassed the mortal but not the transcendental. But I have obtained immortality. I am the cursed witch of the forest, trying to grasp what cannot be reached. I am the Green Witch."

* * *

Immortal.

A being who has not transcended.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Therefore, those who seek to kill beings with potential should be hated. Tai-san had experienced this once before. Although he knew it was useless, his body instinctively adopted a cautious posture.

However, Tai-san slowly relaxed his tension.

The witch sat quietly in her seat, just like she did before revealing her true identity.

Tai-san's reaction made the witch raise an eyebrow.

"Ah, impressive. There has never been a mortal as calm as you in front of me."

"It's because I have some experience."

And she knew. The witch did not seem to think about killing him, unlike the immortal he had met before.

When they first met, she said she was a guest. She had something to ask of him.

The witch started to stir the tea again."