
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 299

299. The Green Witch (4)

A week had passed since then.

The witch, who had lived for so long, thought about the time she had spent and realized that it was a very short period. However, since she had become immortal, she was more determined than ever to find the clue to becoming a transcendent being and to grasp the power of the Taesan.

But the answer was nowhere to be found.

The witch's hair was disheveled. She had not slept at all for a week, as she didn't need sleep as an immortal. Her hair was still soft and her skin was smooth, but her expression betrayed her exhaustion.

"I don't know."

She muttered to herself.

The results of the past week were nothing.

I knew it wouldn't be easy, but I never thought it would be this difficult to find the answer.

"'Transcendence is the key.'"

Everything, from the gray aura to the incantation, originated from transcendence. It was a power that mortals could not possess.

Perhaps it was the only complete power that Taesan could have.
Here is the translation of the text:

Experience, knowledge, thought, and values. It was a collection of everything an individual had accumulated.

But beyond that, she couldn't understand.

How did a mortal being obtain such power? What process was involved? She couldn't find an answer to a single question.

"What's going on?"

She clenched her fist.

She was immortal.

She couldn't transcend the mortal realm, but she had surpassed mortality.

Therefore, she was confident in analyzing the power of the mountain of the gods.

She tried to understand the conditions for ascending to the divine realm, and what it meant to seize it. She analyzed how the gray power was formed and tried to draw it out.

But she failed.

She couldn't understand any of the power that the mountain of the gods possessed.

One thing she could be certain of was that the power was perfect.

It was a power that no one could intervene with or change, a pure and absolute power.

"...Is there such a big difference?"

The road ahead was so far that she couldn't find the way, even after getting the answer.

The road to immortality and transcendence was far away.

The witch smiled wryly.
Here is the translation of the text:

She was getting desperate, but she didn't give up. She had given up countless times before. Now, she had gone too far to collapse.

She couldn't find the answer yet.

Then, how would she find the answer?

She had been thinking about it when she suddenly stood up.

The witch who was taking a rest at the mountain said to her, "It's over now."

"Did you find what you wanted?"

"No, I couldn't find it. But even if I analyze it further, it seems to have no meaning."

The witch shook her head. It was impossible to understand. Even if she continued to experiment with the mountain, she wouldn't be able to get anything.

"But the situation is much better than before."

The mortal mountain had a power that the immortal herself couldn't understand.

In other words, there was a difference between what the mountain had accumulated as a mortal and what the witch had accumulated as a mortal.

This difference would create a transcendental being and an immortal.

So, the witch thought about verifying it.

"Let's make a contract, okay?"

"What kind of contract?"

"An eye contract."

The witch opened her mouth.

"Will you go further into the labyrinth from now on?"
Here is the translation of the text:

The Taesan nodded his head. His goal was to conquer the labyrinth. There was no intention to stop.

"That's a contract, you see. You're going to go down into the labyrinth. Whatever you see and experience in the labyrinth, I'll keep an eye on you from behind."

And then the witch will verify the difference between them. What exists.

"And when you realize the answer, let's talk again. About the power you possess, and the path to becoming a transcendental being."

"Is this a quest extension?"

"Yes. I can't analyze your power right now."

The witch pointed her finger at Taesan.

"And you too, you don't really understand the power you possess."

Taesan didn't deny it.

Ascension, gray power.

Taesan also didn't know exactly what those two powers were or how they originated.

As a witch who is immortal, she thought she could understand it, but it seemed impossible to her.

"So, wait. I'll be able to analyze your power better when the time comes. And until you understand the power you possess."

The witch asked quietly.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Will you accept it?"

"If you wish."

Tae-san nodded his head.

It was already a done deal that the gods had been watching his battle one by one. Even if another existence were to join in and watch, it wouldn't make any difference.

The witch smiled, seemingly relieved.

*

"Thank you. Then, let's seal the contract."

The witch grasped her staff. Her power enveloped Tae-san.

A link forming between Tae-san and the witch began to take shape.

[Contract of the Gaze] [The Green Witch can monitor what you do with your contract with you.]

"I agree."

Tae-san agreed to the contract.

At the same time, a strange feeling crept over Tae-san.

The sensation of being watched from behind.

And Tae-san had felt this sensation many times before.

'Is it the gaze of the gods?'

The feeling of being watched by the gods as Tae-san broke through the mystical realm, a feeling he had experienced before but didn't understand. It turned out that this feeling was indeed the gaze of the gods.

"Now, then, I'll compensate you for that."
Here is the translation of the text:

The witch waved her staff. A massive surge of power began to settle on Taesan.

[Manifestation of the green witch's power.] [You have learned the magic of the green witch.]

The witch who had bestowed power showed a hint of a smile.

"Although I don't know who taught you, it seems you have acquired alchemy?"

"Yes."

The alchemy learned from Grammel was still within him. The witch smiled quietly.

"But you can't handle it properly, can you?"

"It's troublesome."

It was not unnecessary. Thanks to alchemy, they could prevent the sacrifices of people on Earth.

However, they had almost never used it within the labyrinth. Since it took time to set up the area, they couldn't respond immediately in the labyrinth.

"Well, my magic is similar to yours, so I'll understand it easily."

The witch clapped her hands. She lifted her staff and pointed it at Taesan's wrist guard.

"Come this way."

The roots that had wrapped around Taesan's arm began to approach the witch. The witch struck the roots with her staff.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Alchemy is the power to create a sphere favorable to oneself. However, it requires a foundation based on materials, so creating a sphere takes time. That's why I changed my mind."

The roots twist and change color. The color changes from dark red to a neutral tone, and various powers are absorbed into the roots.

"'Giving the core of the sphere to a single, empty vessel is what I mean by 'form'.'"

[The arm guard that held the life force transformed into a world-changing arm guard.]

"This is a magic I created. Where I walk is my sphere, and my world, a magic that consumes the world, my own magic."

The witch smiled wryly and returned the arm guard.

"Let's see."

[World-changing arm guard.] [The arm guard directly infused with the witch's power, allowing it to change the laws of the surrounding world under certain conditions and catalysts. It has the power to increase attack power by 500 and defense power by 400. If you have learned the Green Witch's magic, you can use the skill '[Partial World Change]' to a certain extent.]

Attack and defense power have greatly increased.

Additionally, the special skill '[Partial World Change]' has been added.
Here is the translation of the text:

"That arm guard can catalyze my magic. The more mysterious things I absorb, the more my magic increases, and I can handle it even if I go deeper. There won't be any problems with using it."

"Thank you."

It seemed like a device that I would use until I cleared the labyrinth. With such performance, I wasn't dissatisfied.

I'm not sure what level it is, but it's the magic of an immortal. It's definitely not worthless.

The mountain god was grateful to receive it.

"So, what are you thinking of doing now?"

"If it's as usual, I would have tried to find the answer while staying here, but now it's different."

The witch sat down comfortably.

"For the time being, I'll have to watch you go down the labyrinth. I'll also have to visit many places. And if I find the answer, I can make a deal with the mage again."

She smiled mischievously.

"So, you can help me again next time."

The world began to distance itself. The witch's domain closed, and the labyrinth began to reappear.

"See you later, precious child."

With that, the mountain god returned to the labyrinth.

The mountain god began to go back down the labyrinth again.

* * *

The witch's gaze was still felt on the mountain god's back.
Here is the translation of the text:

A new bystander has been added, which seemed to be acceptable. From the perspective of Taesan, it was not a bad experience. Although he didn't understand the power held by the other party, he learned a new magic and, more importantly, gained a deeper understanding of how to handle incantations.

As the only one who can understand the power, the witch gave him several experiments and advice on incantations. The immortal's advice on mastering incantations was of great help to Taesan.

Although the aura is still not fully mastered, the skill level of incantations has improved significantly.

Now, he can use it meaningfully in battles with guides.

Taesan opened the skill menu. It was time to check what the witch had given him exactly.

[Green Witch's Magic] [Skill Level: 1%] [A magic created by the cursed forest witch, who had piled up since her mortal days and completed it as an immortal. It concretizes one's own territory based on a catalyst-containing artifact, influencing the world.]

The concretization of the territory was definitely similar to alchemy.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Partial World Change] [Proficiency: 1%] [Mana Consumption: ???] [It is possible to change the laws of the world within a certain range. It can be used in two types, attack and area, but it seems that it is still unable to physically intervene.]

I'll have to try it out myself to know the details. The Taesan descended into the labyrinth.

[66th Floor Quest Start] [Eliminate the 66th floor shadows and pass through.] [Reward: Special Attack Power Up Potion.] [Secret Reward: ???]

"...You, that thing."

As always, the store owner was waiting at the entrance with a scowl on his face.

His gaze had a wrist guard on it.

"What's changed, you're not thinking."

"I've come to meet you."

"What's going on? You're already here? When?"

"It seems to be an old thing."

Thinking about the conversation with the giant of the lake, it's been more than 800 years.

"The power felt from that wrist guard is......"

The store owner let out a forced laugh.

"Ah, you've become immortal, I see......"

He asked with a bloodshot eye.

"Where is she?"

"She's on the 65th floor, but I'm not sure if you can get in."

To visit the witch's territory, a spell was needed. The store owner did not appear to be a being with such power.
Here is the translation of the text:

He muttered to himself, "I'll take care of it myself. I'll go ask a few questions."

It seemed like he was hoping for something from a witch, but it wasn't important to Taesan.

Taesan walked past the shop owner and went to the 66th floor.

A monster on the 66th floor appeared.

It was a shadow.

The shadow had the same appearance as Taesan and was waiting for him.

Taesan drew his sword. The shadow also drew its sword.

Taesan watched the scene and shook his sword roughly, creating dozens of afterimages in mid-air.

The shadow also drew its sword.

The posture was very similar to Taesan's.

"Imitation?"

A monster that can imitate the adventurer's strength by stealing their power.

[The Shadow Eater appeared.] [The Shadow Eater is a monster that lives in the deep forest. It does not steal the strength of those who come, but rather swallows their bodies and pretends to be the real thing.]

The ghost said:

[Originally, this monster was supposed to be a top-notch warrior, capable of defeating a level 10 warrior. But it seems like a powerful mage has strengthened it. It's a monster from this place, after all.]
Here is the translation of the text:

Taesan gazed at the shadow in front of him. The monster imitating Taesan. So, how far does this imitation go?

Blame.

Taesan stamped his foot.

Kaka, kaka, kaka!

He roughly drew his sword and swung it. The shadow followed every strike.

Ping, ping.

He shook his sword, activated the flow, and changed the trajectory. He then plunged the sword into the ground and activated the magic.

The shadow moved to counterattack.

However, its movement was somehow delayed. It wasn't a huge difference, but it wasn't a small one either. The shadow began to slowly retreat.

"'Monster imitating Taesan's movement.'"

The counterattack was to use one's strength and skills to the limit to crush the opponent. While it might be challenging for other adventurers, it was not the case for Taesan.

The strategy was roughly understood. Then, it was time to confirm the new skills obtained.

According to the explanation of partial world change, it could be used for both attack and area control. Two conditions were mentioned.

First, the attack part.

[You have activated partial world change.]

Kaka.

The sound of scraping and the roots of the arm guard began to tremble.

Kwa, kwa, kwa, kwa!

The lifted roots swept across the entire room.
Here is the translation of the text:

That's the root of destruction. It shattered and destroyed everything that stood in its way, causing destruction.

At first, the picture responded, but it was only at first. It couldn't withstand the sudden burst of energy and was crushed.

"This is......"

Its power surpasses that of even mid-level magic.

Although it's not as versatile as a god's magic, its power is still superior.

However, it's not without its shortcomings.

The status window opened.

[Mana: 6130/6560]

The time it took to use the skill was only 10 seconds, but 400 mana was consumed.

While its power is indeed stronger than mid-level magic, it also consumes a massive amount of mana.

"I won't be able to use it for long."

It was like a sudden explosion or a powerful card.

However, it's still a significant advantage that I can use such a powerful ability without any delay. Considering that black magic is powerful but often can't be properly used because it takes time to set up, there are many situations where I can use it effectively.
Here is the translation of the text:

And how is the concept of the domain used? Taishan took out the catalysts brought by the witch's domain and created a small domain.

The domain he created is a barrier area that blocks the enemy's approach.

[You have partially changed the world.]

Kiiiiiing.

A colorless domain was formed around Taishan.

Taishan took a step forward. Then, the domain moved to follow him.

As the witch said, the armguard became the standard for the domain.

Taishan crossed the room and met the next shadow.

Taishan approached the shadow. The shadow approached Taishan to respond, but was blocked by the domain.

The shadow drew its sword and swung it.

Kaangan!

It was hot, but the shadow that took Taishan's stats and hit the domain did not break. It had a significant defense power.

The domain changed so that it could be used more conveniently for alchemy. It was possible to handle alchemy in the labyrinth with significance.

Additionally, using the domain did not consume a lot of mana, making it possible to use it continuously.

"It's not bad."

The verification is over.

Taishan destroyed the domain.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san grasped his sword and simultaneously the shadow drew out his sword. Tae-san collided with the sword and grasped the shadow's movement.

"Movements of the demon."

However, he was still following closely. It seemed impossible to shake off the shadow without putting out his full strength.

In other words, Tae-san could have fought for several days and nights if he had only made up his mind.

"Is it possible?"

Tae-san had learned numerous skills from his past life and regained them again.

Adding to that, there were skills such as nullification of attacks, absolute judgment, and endurance, etc. Most of the core skills had been regained.

However, there were still a few skills that he had not obtained.

Most of these unobtained skills were due to the conditions not being met, and he was waiting for the conditions to be met while descending into the labyrinth.

And that was not all.

Balbaba said, "The skill acquisition system of the labyrinth is a system that creates skills when related achievements are accomplished."

In other words, there would undoubtedly be skills that could only be obtained here and not in his past life.

The numerous skills he had tried to obtain in his past life but failed to get.

Tae-san was thinking of getting those now.