
Here is the translation of the text:

Article 300

300. Skill Acceleration (1)

To achieve this, there was a skill that needed to be confirmed. It was Wind Storm Dash.

[Special Activation Skill: Wind Storm Dash] [Proficiency: 1%] [Mana Consumption: 100] [Wind-like slash and charge forward with the sword. The movement can be adjusted to some extent.]

Wind Storm Dash. A skill that increases strength and agility stats slightly and charges forward.

[You have activated Wind Storm Dash.]

Standing in front of the monster, you use Wind Storm Dash. Your feet move forward, and you swing your sword like a storm.

And the shadow accurately follows Taesan's movements.

You move your foot forward and swing your sword.

Ka-kaga!

The swords collide. With your body inches away from the opponent, you continue to move your foot and try to charge forward towards each other.

Ka-kaga!

Taesan took a step back.

At the same time, the effect of Wind Storm Dash ended.

Taesan realized that Wind Storm Dash requires slashing the sword like a storm and charging forward. If these two parts do not meet, the skill will end.
Here is the translation:

So, under the condition that the two requirements are met, how long can the duration of the Wind Blasting skill be sustained?

[You have activated the Wind Blasting skill.]

Kaka kaka kaka!

The sword clashes with the sword. The shadow that has stolen the power of the mountain begins to move in a similar manner to the mountain, trying to push the mountain away.

However, the shadow's movements are exaggerated. The mountain was slightly superior. Therefore, the mountain was able to push the shadow back.

Kaang!

It advances while pressing the shadow.

The content of "running straight" has been fulfilled. The sword is also continuously swinging like a storm.

As a result, the mountain has continued to activate the Wind Blasting skill for over a minute.

The mountain has gained an aura.

'Isn't the skill still not over?'

A skill that can be activated once and continue to apply its effect as long as only two conditions are met.

That's what the Wind Blasting skill looks like.

'It seems like a skill that the top-brass would favor.'

Although the explanation of "running" is unclear, if you can press your opponent and advance, it seems that the activation will continue.

Then it will be possible.

The mountain has started preparing.

* * *

[What will you get this time?]
Here is the translation of the text:

A ghost asked curiously, "What are you trying to achieve with your new skills?" Tae-san started experimenting with various things, including the "Absolute Judgment" and "Addition" skills. The ghost, who had once delved deep into the mysteries, was surprised by these new skills. It was enjoyable to see the process and method of acquiring them.

However, Tae-san shook his head and said, "I don't know."

[Really? You don't know?]

"I have never obtained this skill before."

The skills of the labyrinth can only be acquired when the effects of the skills are pulled to a certain extent. Both the "Addition" and "Endurance" skills were acquired in this way.

Tae-san had tried many experiments and challenges, thinking of many possibilities. One of them was to increase the speed of the skills themselves. If the speed of the skills, such as acceleration and jumping, was increased, could the skills be acquired?

Tae-san judged that it was possible. Therefore, he tried to acquire the skills countless times.

"But it was impossible."

The problem was the location and conditions.

Tae-san was looking for a way to increase the speed of the skills themselves. However, there was no skill that could be properly experimented with.
Here is the translation:

Tae-san's theory was to maximize the effect of skills that affect the speed of the physical body, similar to acceleration.

However, acceleration was already a skill that had pulled the speed to its maximum. It was impossible to increase the speed further through normal means.

The only possibility was to use tenacity to continue running and increase the speed while accelerating, which was still in effect.

However, acceleration was a skill that required the target to be recognized visually and designated as the target to activate.

Tenacity was undoubtedly effective if repeated, but it required an extremely long time to achieve, and acceleration could only quickly reach the target but could not sustain the skill.

Tae-san also experimented with a few other skills that affected the speed of the physical body, but they were all limited by the constraints of the skills.

Through various experiments, Tae-san realized what was needed.

It needed to have an infinite duration, be able to perform repetitive tasks, and have a skill related to action speed.

However, Tae-san in his previous life did not have such a skill.

After determining that it was impossible to obtain, Tae-san put aside the skill and looked elsewhere for another skill a few months later.
Here is the translation of the text:

But if it were now, I could have obtained the skills I had given up on in my previous life.

Balbambal said that the skills in the labyrinth were not created beforehand, but were created according to the adventurer's actions. Until now, I had enough experience to obtain it.

The ghost laughed mockingly.

"What a ridiculous thing to do. Is that ability sword not working?"

"I tried to do it, but I think I don't have enough mana."

The ability sword could also continue to activate if timed correctly. However, a small amount of mana was continuously consumed.

Tae-san had thousands of mana. With his high intelligence, mana consumption was extremely low, and the forgotten goddess's blessing allowed mana to regenerate quickly. However, it was still impossible.

To obtain the skill, one would have to repeat the process thousands or tens of thousands of times. Therefore, I had used up all my mana before that.

"It's the same with the fairy's wing, too."

The fairy's wing had an infinite duration. Tae-san thought about it, but quickly gave up.

Increase speed by several times. Even without doing so, I made it even faster by breaking the sound barrier.
Here is the translation of the text:

The problem was that there was no space for it. The labyrinth was too narrow, and the conditions outside were not sufficient to achieve such a rapid pace.

So, the only answer was to use the "Furious Wind" technique.

Tai Shan took a deep breath and drew his sword.

"'Except for the skill that can be used, there is only the permanent activation skill that can be used.'"

What needed to be done was to continue to pressure the shadow, increasing the speed of the "Furious Wind" technique. This was not a difficult theory.

However, it was a new skill that neither he nor others had ever tried. There were many unknown variables.

Now was the time to grasp it.

[You have activated the "Furious Wind" technique.]

Ka ka ka!

The swords clashed. Tai Shan pushed the shadow back brutally.

Jebuk.

Tai Shan approached with a brutal pace.

He wielded his sword, pressing the shadow.

Ka ka ka!

The shadow responded, but its movement was slightly slower. The shadow was slowly pushed back.

The "Furious Wind" technique continued to activate.

Tai Shan struck his sword down brutally.

His speed was slightly faster than before.

A skill that increases speed through repeated work. Perseverance.

And as the battle continues, the strength and speed of the "Furious Wind" technique increase, the madness of battle.
Here is the translation of the text:

Thanks to the effects of the two skills, Tai Shan was getting faster and faster. The shadow was getting pushed away and stuck to the wall.

Kaang!

Tai Shan swung his sword and pushed the shadow to the side of the wall. As the shadow bounced off, Tai Shan was about to rush towards it, but his movement suddenly slowed down.

"Eh."

The duration of the Qing Feng skill had ended.

Tai Shan gritted his teeth and adjusted his sword.

"Forward sprint."

If you don't move forward, the Qing Feng skill will end.

So, what is the standard for forward?

[You have activated the Qing Feng skill.]

Kaga, kaga!

He pushed the shadow again. This time, instead of pushing it straight, he adjusted his sword slightly, making the shadow slide off at an angle.

As a result, Tai Shan realized that the skill allows for a certain degree of angle.

After realizing this, Tai Shan's movements became slightly more refined, as if he was pushing the shadow in a circular motion.

The collision with the wall, which would normally cause the skill to end, no longer occurred.

Kaga, kaga, kaga!

He swung his sword. After several minutes of battle, Tai Shan's movement became even faster.
Here is the translation of the text:

And then, his movement began to gradually escape from Tae-san's control.

"Ah."

The sword, disregarding Tae-san's control, pierced through the shadow's defense and flew back. The shadow flew away with a loud sound.

The wind-riding technique was interrupted.

Tae-san's face twisted in annoyance.

"As speed increases, problems like this arise."

There was a sentence in the explanation of the wind-riding technique that said it was possible to control the movement to some extent.

In other words, it meant that Tae-san could not control all movements.

And as speed increases, it becomes increasingly difficult to control.

What should be done to solve this problem?

Tae-san thought for a moment and came to a conclusion.

[You have activated the wind-riding technique.]

Ka! Ka! Ka!

Repeating the experience and responding with experience.

He swung the sword roughly and advanced.

As the speed increased, the sword strokes began to escape from Tae-san's control. Tae-san recognized the trajectory and strength of the sword and adjusted the parts he could control to prevent the shadow from flying away.

Ka! Ka! Ka!

As a result, Tae-san was able to endure slightly longer than the previous attempt.
Here is the translation of the text:

Taisan repeated the process. Taisan had become accustomed to controlling the slightly difficult movements, but soon found its physical limits.

As Taisan's arms trembled, it manifested magic and dark magic. The shadow was pierced and disappeared instantly.

Taisan sat down, exhausted.

It had extremely high strength and agility, as well as prolonged combat skills. However, Taisan's physical strength was almost depleted at this moment.

With each attack, a new variable emerged, and Taisan had to process it. It had to predict and control the uncontrollable movements, adjusting its sword and footwork to avoid being hit by the shadow.

When fighting normally, Taisan only focused on defeating the enemy, but the energy consumption was much higher when fighting strong enemies.

Just after wielding the sword for two days, Taisan's physical strength was exhausted.

[This is... it doesn't make sense.]

A ghost spoke up. Taisan's stats were at a deep level, but its physical strength was depleted after just two days, indicating that the difficulty was extremely high.

Taisan quietly recovered its physical strength and muttered to itself.

"This is different from before, but it's still quite difficult."
Here is the translation of the text:

In a situation where every slight change was crucial, I had to repeat the same thing without changing a single bit.

I had to absolutely judge my opponent's responses, remembering and recording everything, and respond to all their patterns.

And at the same time, I had to control the variables that were changing in real-time.

Purely consuming my stamina was the most intense part of this skill.

However, it was not impossible.

Little by little, the mountain was making it so that the wild wind would never end.

Then, I could only continue to repeat the process, gradually increasing my proficiency, little by little.

The next day, the mountain, having recovered its strength, found a new shadow and started a new battle.

The mountain was able to sustain the battle for a longer time than yesterday. However, as the mountain's speed increased, so did the speed at which the shadow was pushed back. Therefore, I was unable to draw a circle like before and was defeated by the shadow hitting the wall.

As the mountain's speed and strength increased, a new variable was born. The mountain moved organically, adjusting the pressure of the shadow and gradually solving the problem.

It took three days. The mountain continued to fight the shadow.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

Pattern and variables. I grasp everything. I respond in real-time and continue the battle.

[The combat frenzy proficiency increased by 1%.] [The binding proficiency increased by 1%.] [The battle persistence proficiency increased by 1%.]

Kaka, kaka!

Tae-san is pressing down the shadows.

So, 17 days of battle.

At the same time when the battle persistence proficiency reaches 100%, Tae-san obtained a new skill.

[You have increased the speed of skill activation by twice through countless challenges. You obtained the special activation skill [Skill Acceleration].]