
$@$v=v1.16-rv2$@$Title: Episode 306 - Fifth Return, Earth (2)

People quickly read the quest window that appeared. Kim Hwi-yeon looks happy yet uncertain.

"Hmm... Korea, China, North Korea, Japan... Wait, there's still a North Korean player alive?"

"I thought they were all dead since there weren't any posts on the community board."

Jung Geun-geun mumbles. Kim Hwi-yeon's face stiffens.

"It's not bad. But...,"

First, Japan was included. She had many conversations and exchanges of information with Japan's leader, Ichijo Aika. It was only natural that their relationship became close.

However, China was also included.

Other countries' players treat China as if it's not their ally, completely ignoring them.

$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"If our destination is Baekdu Mountain, Japan had no choice but to cross over by land. The problem was that Japan was an island nation, and they had to cross the sea."

"And in the sea, there were monsters lurking about."

Kim Hwi-yeon rubbed his temples, looking frustrated.

"I've told the story, but I don't know what will happen..."

"If the quest progresses, there was a high possibility that it would center around the continent, not Japan, so they had already discussed how Japanese players would cross the sea to come to Korea."

"But they didn't know how long it would take or if they would really succeed. Taesan opened his mouth."

"Can I go help?"

"Mr. Taesan?"

Kim Hwi-yeon, who was momentarily taken aback, soon realized something.

"Come to think of it, Minerva said she could part the sea..."

The players from Jeju Island had been saying that Minerva could part the sea. It was as if she had god-like powers.

But even those who worshipped Taesan as a god didn't quite believe it. Parting the sea? It was like a miracle, no less.

Taesan nodded his head.

"I can do it."

"Huh..."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Kim Hwi-yeon couldn't help but let out a cry of amazement.

"Really, you're going to split the sea?"

The words were unbelievable even when heard directly. Taesan continued to speak.

"I'll leave Barcaza and Minerva here and go alone."

"What? Without Minerva?"

"I can do it alone, and the two of them need to stay here."

Gosin might try to pull off some trick, but with just Minerva and Barcaza, they could easily block it.

If a monster that the two couldn't handle were to appear, even Taesan, who was heading towards Japan, would be able to feel the ripple of its power. They could respond adequately.

"Didn't I say we're gathering in Fukuoka? Let's take a break and manage the people for now."

"Ah, thank you, Taesan."

As soon as he finished speaking, Taesan's body disappeared. Kim Hwi-yeon let out a dry laugh. Even he, who was the strongest in hard mode, couldn't keep up with Taesan's movements. It was literally monstrous strength.

"Let's go."

Taesan, who had gone outside, took a step forward.

[You have activated Skill Acceleration.] [You have activated Leap.]

With a loud roar, his body soared into the sky.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Huff..."

Eika wiped away the sweat dripping down her face as she slowly moved forward.

It was soon to be Fukuoka. After several days of hardship, fighting off monsters and pushing forward, they finally had their destination in sight.

But their expressions were not bright.

"Eika, what do we do now?"

"I don't know..."

Their destination was Baekdu Mountain, inland. As they had previously discussed, they had to cross over from Japan to Korea first.

They had to rely solely on their physical strength to cross the distance, which would take almost an hour by plane.

"What do we do..."

Swimming was out of the question.

There were monsters lurking deep in the water. If they tried to swim across, most of them would definitely not make it alive.

"Damn island country."

Eika let out a deep sigh.

"I guess we need to build a boat..."

A sturdy and strong boat that could carry all these people.

Eika didn't know, but in reality, the Japanese players from her past life had crossed over to the mainland in the same way.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The term of the fifth return in my previous life was quite long. By then, players had grown strong enough to defeat the sea monsters without any problems.

This quest didn't have a time limit either. Although there were a few undamaged ships in Fukuoka, there wasn't enough fuel to carry over 400,000 players. They had to cut down trees and melt iron to build several large ships.

And then they set sail towards the inland. The sea monsters that tried to attack their ships were defeated by the hard-mode players.

It took about half a year to get that far.

No matter how strong they became, building a ship from scratch without a foundation was not an easy task.

But there was no other way. Eika let out a sigh and opened her mouth.

"Let's think about it once we arrive at the harbor. We'll assess the remaining ships and the sea situation, and then we'll take it slow, one step at a time."

"Got it."

People nodded with determined faces.

They steeled themselves for the hardships ahead and headed towards their destination.

"The sea..."

Someone muttered. The sea came into view in the distance. The road ahead was long, but for now, they had arrived at their destination.

"......Huh?"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

A man standing at the forefront gazed out at the sea, and suddenly his eyes widened.

"Is that... a person?"

"Yes?"

At his words, Eika also turned her gaze. As she focused her attention, she saw someone near the beach.

"Huh?"

"Wait, who is it? Was there a player who arrived earlier?"

They approached the figure in a daze, and Eika's eyes widened as she confirmed the person's identity.

"Taesan... sir?"

Gang Taesan, Korea's alone mode player.

He was standing on the beach.

"I'm here. I've been waiting for days."

"Why are you here, Taesan sir?"

"I came to help."

Taesan replied briefly. Eika asked with a surprised face.

"Did you cross the sea alone...?"

Taesan nodded.

Eika couldn't help but gasp.

He had crossed the sea. By himself. Eika realized the extent of Taesan's power.

The Japanese players, who belatedly realized Taesan's true identity, felt a mix of respect and gratitude. He had crossed the dangerous sea alone to help them.

"Thank you, Taesan sir."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Aika expressed her heartfelt gratitude. With a hopeful face, she said,

"If Taesan is with us, we can cross the sea even faster."

While Taesan was dealing with the sea monsters, they built a ship to sail to Korea without any obstacles.

If everything went according to plan, the time it took to build the ship would be significantly reduced. It was even possible that they could arrive in Korea within three months.

"No."

But Taesan said,

"Let's cross right now. Get ready."

"What? Right now?"

Aika was taken aback. Cross right now? That was impossible. A memory flashed through her mind, trying to deny it.

Japanese and Korean players often exchanged messages in the community. Since they were geographically close and shared similar cultures, they comforted each other in this desperate situation.

And most of the stories told by Korean players were about Taesan.

And among them, there was an exaggerated story that was dismissed as a joke.

It was the story that Taesan could split the sea.

Taesan gazed out at the horizon.

The waves were rolling in.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"There was no sense of will within it.

It was just a natural phenomenon.

Then,

Taesan opened his mouth, filled with determination.

"Split apart."

[You have declared a disconnection.]

"Uh?"

Aika's pupils enlarged.

The people who were whispering quietly shut their mouths.

"The sea……."

Aika stared at the sea in a dazed manner. It wasn't just her; everyone else was the same.

The sea surface in front of them was splitting apart.

Beyond the horizon, all the way to the deep, deep bottom of the sea, it was splitting, creating a path for them.

Fish that were jumping and fluttering around entered their field of vision.

"……."

No one could open their mouths.

They just stared blankly at the split sea.

In the silence, Taesan took a step forward.

"Let's go. Then."

* * *

"Oh, oh……."

The Japanese players stumbled forward, walking on the sea floor.

They looked at the wall of the split sea beside them and trembled. It was as if the wall would collapse at any moment and the sea would swallow them whole."

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I never could have imagined seeing the bottom of the ocean like this......"

Eika muttered in a daze.

He was creating a path by splitting the sea.

It was literally a divine miracle.

And the one who did it was Taesan.

"Is this really within human power?"

Eika was quietly astonished. She knew about Taesan's power. The aura he showed when he lightly trampled Amelia was an unstoppable force that she couldn't reach.

But this was beyond that.

Dividing the sea that stretched from Korea to Japan was unthinkable.

"This is...unbelievable..."

Eika knew that Korean players worshipped Taesan as a god.

She also knew that Taesan's overwhelming power was enough to be mistaken for a god.

But this was beyond what she had imagined.

Taesan's power was beyond the realm of understanding.

Other Japanese players who experienced Taesan's power for the first time were even more shocked.

Taesan had shown his power when he defeated Amelia, but only a few had seen it firsthand.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

In the community, Korean players worshipped Taesan and talked about his incredible power, but I thought there must be some exaggeration mixed in.

But that wasn't the case.

On the contrary, it was understated.

Kururung!

The monsters from beyond the sea waved their tentacles and attacked, but Taesan waved his hand.

[You activated the distorted ecosystem of Dekaravia.]

Kugugung!

Roots burst out from the bottom of the sea, engulfing tens of thousands of players and piercing through the monsters.

"Taesan-nim……."

Their worship turned towards Taesan. Those who had found something to rely on began to believe in Taesan.

[The proficiency of Divine Power increased by 1%.]

* * *

They arrived in Korea in just a few hours.

Considering it took only a few days to reach Fukuoka while dealing with monsters, it was an unimaginably fast speed.

They stumbled and set foot in Korea. Taesan led them to Seoul.

In just one day.

It was the time it took for Japanese players to cross the sea and arrive in Seoul.

Kim Hwi-yeon's eyes, which had been waiting, widened in surprise.

"Have you arrived already?"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

While she was bewildered, she guided the Japanese people to a resting place. They followed Kim Hwi-yeon's words in a dazed state.

After a while, they finally escaped from the shock and exclaimed.

"Lord Taesan...!"

"He's a god! He's really a god!"

They started shouting fervently, resonating with the Korean people who had believed Taesan to be a god from the beginning, and they began to offer prayers of worship together.

[The proficiency of divine power increased by 1%.] [The proficiency of divine power increased by 1%.]

"It's rising rapidly," Taesan muttered. The number of Japanese players had become ten times that of Korea. As more people worshiped, the rate of increase in divine power accelerated.

It was highly likely that the proficiency of divine power would exceed 60% with this return.

Minerva, who was organizing the monsters, also spoke in awe.

"I'm also surprised, Master. Where did you obtain that authority? That's a power that's not allowed for mortals."

Minerva was the Spirit King, and mortals didn't know various information that she was aware of. Therefore, it was inevitable that she would have doubts about the authority Taesan possessed.

"Hmm."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Tae-san didn't know. To know that, one had to first understand what the 'urge of the brave' was, but even the immortal green witch couldn't provide an answer to that.

It would be after descending deep into the labyrinth that one would come to realize it.

In the meantime, Ichika regained his composure and started a conversation with Kim Hwi-yeon.

She was the leader of Japan. They couldn't just stand there in awe forever.

"There are 450,000 surviving players in Japan. And 10,000 of them are hardcore mode players."

"That's ten times more than us......"

Kim Hwi-yeon's eyes widened. Even though she had heard it before, it was truly a remarkable number. Ichika wore a wry smile.

"It's not something to brag about. The situation in Korea was special, after all."

The existence of Tae-san, known as the 'hard-to-kill' ones, had focused their attention on Korea. In reality, the gap between Korea's hardcore mode players and Japan's was significant.

"So, what now......"

"Yes."

Kim Hwi-yeon nodded.

"The biggest problem remains."

This quest was a national joint quest. All players from designated countries had to gather in one place.

And they had to meet the Chinese players, who had not responded even once from Baekdu Mountain.

"I wonder how many Chinese players are still alive?"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"How many survivors are there, what is their atmosphere like, are they hostile to other countries?

I couldn't know anything about that.

But still, they had to move forward.

Two days later. After the conversation between people ended and they exchanged some information.

They headed towards Baekdu Mountain."

Let me know if you need any further assistance!