
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 310

310. The Fifth Return, Earth (6)

Time passes without any special events. Korean and Japanese players try to communicate with Chinese players, but except for a few nobles in the easy mode, they can't establish any meaningful relationships.

A week passes, and the quest begins.

[Special Quest Starts.] [For the next week, monsters will continuously swarm in.] [They won't stop. They won't rest.] [Protect yourself from the swarming monsters and defend your territory.] [The restriction that prevents players from each country from harming each other is lifted.]

Korean and Japanese players stand firm, guarding their positions. Chinese players also take their positions, preparing for the monster attacks.

"There are way too many of them."

Kim Hwi-yeon lets out a sigh of amazement, looking at the people forming a line.

About 100 million people couldn't fight in a normal battlefield. They created an enormous battlefield centered around Baekdu Mountain.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"If it's this number, we can win without much difficulty.

She thought so at that moment, and monsters appeared.

Ku-gu-gu-gung….

"Uh, uh."

"What's going on."

People's faces stiffen.

Monsters are rushing from beyond the horizon.

And their number was an uncountable amount, fitting for a player with 100 million points.

Monsters with numbers we've never seen before.

They grit their teeth.

* * *

"Everyone, get ready!"

Kim Hwi-yeon shouts roughly. Korean players form a line and hold their weapons.

And Taesan finishes his alchemy.

Ki-ying.

A blue light envelops the area where Korean and Japanese players are, enhancing the physical abilities and regeneration of everyone inside.

"Fight as much as you want in here."

Creating a domain that encompasses the entire battlefield with 100 million points is currently beyond Taesan's abilities. But at least, creating a domain in the area where Japan and Korea are fighting is possible.

"Ah, yes!"

"Thank you, Taesan-nim!"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

People thanked Taesan and prepared to face the monsters that were charging at them.

Unlike Korean and Japanese players who were preparing to defend against the monsters' attacks, Chinese players were all bowing their heads towards Jinryong.

"Your Majesty! Please protect us!"

In front of the battlefield, Jinryong stood with an arrogant expression.

"The vile monsters are approaching."

Jinryong spoke, and his low voice echoed throughout the battlefield.

"Behold. My power."

Jinryong's power burst forth from him, and people held their breath as they gazed at him.

Jinryong revealed his teeth.

"This is the power of the Absolute."

Kuung!

His power exploded, and the overwhelming energy emanating from Jinryong charged towards the monsters.

Kwaaaang!

The explosion was like a meteor crashing down. Hundreds of monsters that were charging at them suddenly burst apart.

Even the most skilled players couldn't match the overwhelming display of power.

The Chinese players were amazed and cheered, shouting Jinryong's name despite the monsters still charging at them. They bowed their heads in reverence.

Jinryong accepted their worship as if it was only natural.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Worship me. You pitiful things."

He appeared near the borders of Korea and Japan on the vast battlefield.

He was going to show them his power and make them worship him.

Taesan was undoubtedly strong. His power might have surpassed his current self.

But when it came to destructive power, the story was different.

In the case of ordinary players, they were strong in one-on-one battles, but they couldn't exert their full power when facing multiple opponents. It was only natural, considering the characteristics of the narrow labyrinth and the principle of acquiring skills through experience.

And Jinryong judged that Taesan would be no exception. He was undoubtedly strong, but Jinryong thought that he couldn't reach him in this vast battlefield.

So from the start, Jinryong showed off a different level of power. A vast power that could take down hundreds of monsters at once.

Jinryong unleashed his power again.

Ku-gu-gu-gung!

Hundreds of monsters couldn't even approach and disappeared.

The Chinese people cheered even louder.

Jinryong smiled slyly and looked back.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

His eyes trembled for a moment as he confirmed the reactions of Korean and Japanese players.

"Wow..."

"Is there someone else as strong as Taesan-nim besides him?"

They were clearly amazed by Jinryong's power. The destruction and strength he showed were of a kind that they couldn't reach.

But that was the end of it.

They didn't show emotions beyond amazement.

"Hmm."

Taesan also watched Jinryong handle his power with a mixture of fascination and unease.

"Unstable, as expected."

The mixed and chaotic power. While his power itself was amplified by absorbing numerous abilities, its stability and control were utterly lacking. If he faced an opponent with a moderate level of skill, he wouldn't even need to defend himself.

That was Jinryong's limit.

He himself didn't know, but he was already walking the wrong path and couldn't become stronger anymore.

And that mixed power would eventually break free from Jinryong's control and bring about his downfall.

"So, is he a slave?"

He had simply received a lowly power in exchange for his life, and was nothing more than a mortal plaything to the immortal being. A slave who was seen as nothing more than prey.

Taesan took a step forward.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The monsters charged at him as he stepped forward in front of the people.

As the monsters, who were trying to bite and swallow him, approached, Taesan raised his fist.

Kwaaaang!

A massive explosion occurred. The monsters within the range of his power were blown away all at once.

The power he unleashed was far greater than the range of Jinryong's strength.

Jinryong and the Chinese players were shocked by the sight.

Next, Taesan stomped his foot.

[You have triggered an earthquake.]

Rumble rumble!

The ground collapsed. Huge sinkholes appeared under the monsters' feet, as if the ground itself had disappeared. The monsters struggled and sank deep into the earth.

"……."

Only silence remained.

Amidst the shock, Taesan moved quietly.

* * *

Kwajik.

He grabbed the monster's head and swung his arm widely. The monsters that came into contact with his arm were crushed, and even those that didn't were blown away by the shockwave.

The monsters that appeared now were at most C or B-rank. They were opponents that Taesan could handle just by taking a step.

"Waaaah!"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The Korean and Japanese players who witnessed the overwhelming power of Taesan also let out a battle cry and charged forward.

Taesan literally had god-like power.

And such a person was protecting them.

The excited players desperately started to take down the monsters. The Chinese players, who were watching, also joined the battle late.

"For the emperor!"

But their cries lacked power.

Jinryong also took down the monsters with a stern face.

The power he displayed was undoubtedly great.

But next to him was Taesan.

"......I'll leave now. You guys take care of the rest."

"Yes, yes!"

Ten hours later. When night fell, Jinryong withdrew from the battlefield. He walked towards Baekdu Mountain with a stern face.

Even at night, the monsters didn't stop appearing. The exhausted players took turns fighting the monsters.

And Taesan didn't leave the battlefield even once, continuously taking down the monsters.

The next day, Jinryong reappeared.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

He had become noticeably stronger than the day before. The power mixed within him had grown, but at the same time, it had become more unstable.

"Did he use his hand again?"

He fought with his enhanced power right next to Taesan.

But even so, it didn't reach.

[You activated Starlight Arrow.] [You activated Magic Separation.] [You activated Magic Acceleration.]

Dozens of light rays split apart and shot towards the monsters. Taesan clenched his fist.

[You activated Magic Explosion.]

The light burst forth.

The light that covered the entire world in white blinded people's eyes. When they barely opened their eyes, all the monsters that had been charging at them had disappeared.

"Wow……."

People's gazes focused on Taesan. Not only Korean and Japanese players, but also Chinese players.

The figure of Jinryong, who had been diligently defeating monsters next to Taesan, was gradually being forgotten.

Jinryong's expression became even more stern. When Chinese players saw his expression, they hastily praised Jinryong, but his expression didn't change.

"Mr. Taesan, are you okay?"
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Kim Hwi-yeon gazed at Taesan with an amazed expression. Taesan had been fighting non-stop for two days, without resting for even a minute. Even Lee Tae-yeon and Gang Jun-hyeok, who were exhausted, took a short break.

But Taesan's expression didn't change at all.

"There aren't any particularly strong monsters anyway."

Taesan replied, "They're only C-grade or B-grade. At this level, we can fight for years."

"Wow."

Kim Hwi-yeon let out a sigh of amazement.

Taesan continued to fight, going around every battlefield, blocking the monsters' attacks, and saving people's lives.

But Jinryong took breaks in between.

His power was a mixed and complex one. Once he used it, he needed time for his power to stabilize.

Someone who was far stronger and more absolute than the ones they believed to be gods had appeared.

People's faith began to waver.

* * *

"Ahh!"

Chinese EZ mode player, Nobi, let out a despairing cry.

Right in front of him, a monster was rampaging. The other Nobis tried to block it somehow, but they couldn't win against a C-grade monster in EZ mode. All they could do was act as meat shields.

"Huk! Hweok!"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

He moved desperately. It wasn't just him. Everyone fighting on the front lines of the battlefield was a slave.

In China, the gap between classes was clear-cut. Naturally, the danger was left to the slaves.

As the slaves fought on the front lines and blocked the monsters' movements, the nobles would join in later and fight in a way that was convenient for them.

Countless slaves died, but no one resisted. They had an absolute god, Jinryong, after all.

Thud.

Right next to him, a friend he had been talking to just yesterday died.

In a situation where anyone, regardless of age or gender, was dying, the slave hoped for salvation.

"Fire, Your Majesty. Please... save me..."

But the words couldn't continue.

Jinryong had never saved them, not even once.

He had only ruled over them with absolute power.

Thud!

The front line collapsed. The monster swung its whip-like arm. He sensed his impending death.

Thud!

At that moment, the monster's head was crushed.

A man with black hair landed in front of him. The slave stared at him blankly.

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Trembling hair. He gave a cold impression and raised his hand.

[Kang Tae-san activated the frozen world.] [Kang Tae-san activated magic concentration.]

And then, a fierce cold swept in.

An ice wave crashed forward, freezing the ground and filling the air with chill.

"Ah……."

Nobi let out a sigh.

All the monsters that had been rushing towards him froze.

He was the man who couldn't be stopped by hundreds of monsters.

The man who had taken care of the monsters moved on to another place, leaving behind Nobi, who barely managed to escape with his life.

"……Kang Tae-san?"

They also knew the man's name. Jinryong had forbidden communication with people from other countries, but they couldn't help but see the community.

They had seen many people praising the strength of a man named Tae-san.

A strong man. But they thought he wouldn't be able to reach Jinryong. The power Jinryong had shown was absolute.

But.

Nobi tried to touch the ice that had frozen the front, but his hand jerked back in surprise.

His fingertips had frozen even though he hadn't touched it."

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"As you get closer, your whole body will freeze and you will lose your life.

Even with his weak power, it was clear that Taesan's power surpassed Jinryong's.

'…….'

Jinryong doesn't save them. He only rules with power.

But Taesan saved them.

And his power was also superior to Jinryong's.

The object of faith began to waver."

Let me know if you have any further requests!