
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 318

318. 70th Floor, the King of Fire Spirits, Vishnu (1)

4,139 points.

It was a truly enormous amount of points. The points I received from the Quest of the God of Fall were around 2,800, but this was 1,200 points more than that.

So, what should I upgrade with these points?

"Balancing. Earthquake. Forced Health Drain. Enemy of those who tread the deep...".

Each one was not an ordinary skill. As such, when I checked the proficiency and point conversion rate, it was almost 1:100.

This meant that even with 4,139 points, I could only raise my proficiency by 40%.

I had to make a careful decision. Taesan carefully reviewed each skill.

Skills like Unyielding, Black, and Divine could not be upgraded with points. Skills like Acceleration and Absolute Judgment were the same.

The skills that could be upgraded with points were limited.

Among them, I had to choose the skill that would bring about the greatest change with the limited points.

After much deliberation, Taesan made his decision.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The green witch's magic, which creates a realm, and the partial world change, are raised.

As the immortal's magic, the more you raise your proficiency, the more its value will increase geometrically.

Other skills can be easily raised during combat, but the problem with partial world change is that it requires a preparation process.

And the fact that the points consumed are reasonable also played a part in the decision.

Taesan used points to raise the proficiency of the two skills.

[Green Witch's Magic] [Proficiency: 23%] [A magic that the cursed forest witch, who was once mortal, built up and completed as an immortal. It solidifies her realm based on a catalyst-containing artifact, exerting diverse influences on the world.]

[Partial World Change] [Proficiency: 22%] [Continuous Mana Consumption: ???] [Can change the laws within a certain range. It can intervene not only in physical concepts but also in magical, dark magical, and spiritual concepts.]"

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"As his proficiency increased, he gained the ability to interfere with various concepts such as magic, dark magic, and spirits. The question of how to handle this naturally arose in Taesan's mind.

'Alright.'

Taesan nodded his head. As he expected, many things changed when he reached 20%.

After finishing his preparations, Taesan didn't go down to the labyrinth, but instead turned back.

He went to find Half Ran. Half Ran greeted Taesan.

'You're back quickly. What's going on this time?'

'Can I repair a broken weapon?'

'Repair?'

Half Ran asked, seemingly puzzled. Taesan didn't respond, but instead pulled out the Heavenly Best Sword.

'...What's this?'

Half Ran hesitantly received the Heavenly Best Sword.

The Heavenly Best Sword was severely damaged. The blade was completely rusted, and its shape was distorted, rendering it useless as a sword.

Its attack power had also decreased to a single digit, making it impossible to use as equipment anymore.

'What did you do?'

Half Ran looked at Taesan with an incredulous expression.

'In this place created by wizards and gods, the materials and equipment that come out contain their power. Mortal beings cannot alter or damage them...'

'That's what happened.'"

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan said calmly. Half-ran furrowed his brow.

"My head hurts. And it's interesting."

"So, is it possible?"

"I've said it before. The equipment in the labyrinth has the power of the gods, and mortals can't touch it."

Half-ran examined the Heavenly Best Sword from all angles.

"Except for a few beings like me who have received permission from the wizards, it's possible to restore it to some extent."

"That's good news."

"But, as it's a restoration, its performance will be inferior to its original state. And we'll need a lot of materials. Do you have them?"

"I do."

Taesan opened his inventory. The materials he had collected while coming down from the labyrinth poured out.

"......There's a lot. Just wait a moment. I'll get started. Repairing equipment is a first for me."

He took the Heavenly Best Sword and materials and began to hammer away. I watched, but as Taesan, I couldn't understand the process, and after a while, Half-ran returned the sword to Taesan.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"[Restored, the Best Sword in the World] [Attack Power +200] [The unparalleled sword of the heavens, unmatched by anyone. The sword of the inspector who was once broken but restored by a skilled blacksmith.]

"It's okay."

Although the attack power had decreased by 50, it was still usable. Half-ran, who had put down his hammer, said so.

"If you want a proper weapon, bring me better materials. And, by the way, the power to destroy a weapon is..."

Half-ran's face showed curiosity.

"Can you show me? How did you do it?"

"Sorry, but it's impossible. It's too dangerous."

Taesan shook his head. He couldn't control the gray energy either. It was difficult to show it, as it would inevitably explode once unleashed.

"That's a shame. If possible, I'd like to see it later."

Taesan nodded and went down the stairs.

[70th Floor Quest Begins.] [Defeat the 70th Floor Guardian and pass through.] [Reward: The Necklace of the One Who Reached.] [Secret Reward: ???]

70th Floor

The last floor before entering the depths.

The ghost didn't say a word. The shop owner was the same, only smiling at Taesan.

Taesan passed by the shop and arrived at the 70th floor.

The 70th floor was extremely vast.
$@$v=v1.16-rv2$@$A soccer field's size seemed about right. And beyond that, there seemed to be a staircase that went down deeply, all the way to the 71st floor.

Who would the opponent be this time? Tae-san gripped the hilt of his sword tightly. He turned to face his adversary.

"...Ohho."

The opponent smiled quietly. A man with black hair and sharp eyes looked at Tae-san and let out a sigh of admiration.

"So, you've come this far."

Tae-san frowned. The man before him was someone he remembered.

"Broken Man?"

[A broken man has appeared.]

* * *

Just before Tae-san entered the solo mode, he had encountered this man guarding the labyrinth.

He said he had become the guardian of the maze after giving up and failing to challenge it.

Tae-san looked around. Besides Broken Man, there was nothing to be seen.

"Are you the guardian of this place?"

"Yes."

Broken Man smoothly turned the window.

"Originally, it wasn't me but someone else, but suddenly he asked me to take care of it for some reason. There's been no one coming in, and I was bored anyway, so I agreed."

He looked at Tae-san with an admiring expression.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It feels like it's been a few years since I saw you at the entrance, but you've already come this far? Is this real?"

There was a time when Broken Man conquered the labyrinth. That's why I knew very well what it meant for Taesan to have already reached the 70th floor.

"That's right," Taesan replied, gripping his sword.

Broken Man.

When I first saw him, I thought Taesan was a stronger existence than Lee Tae-yeon. But now that I've seen him again, I realize that was an exaggerated thought. Still, he's not a weak existence. If he fights with determination, even Lee Tae-yeon wouldn't be able to win easily against him.

"You'll fall if I defeat you."

"That's correct."

Broken Man brandishes his sword.

"I'm a failed adventurer. I gave up on descending the labyrinth and made a contract with a wizard."

A fierce energy bursts out.

It's like a sharp blade's pressure piercing Taesan. Broken Man reveals his true nature.

"Even a failure like me can't be defeated by someone who can't overcome their own weaknesses. They don't deserve to descend to the deeper levels."

Taesan quietly gathers his energy.

Broken Man laughs with satisfaction at Taesan's calm and collected demeanor as he readies his strength.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

But Broken Man didn't start fighting, instead, he slowly began to calm down. Taesan gazed at Broken Man, who had lost his will to fight, with a cold stare.

"I'm sorry, but the great one has made a promise. Our battle is after that."

Broken Man retreated.

"Come up. Same kind."

"I'm not the same kind as you. Failure."

"Hmm, from what I see, you don't seem any different to me?"

As Broken Man smiled wryly, the sound of footsteps echoed from the stairs.

A being with immense power ascended.

It was Fire.

The being that was Fire itself took shape, and a woman with fluttering hair quietly descended.

[The Fire Spirit King, Vishnu, has appeared.]

Broken Man leaned against the wall.

"I'll fight you later. I'll just watch for now."

Taesan gazed at Vishnu.

The fluttering flames in her hair and her contrasting white skin caught his attention.

Her red eyes turned to Taesan.

They were filled with anger and killing intent.

"Burdening."

Taesan muttered to himself.

Come to think of it, among the high-ranking officials, Taesan had the most bitter past with the Fire Spirit King.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan destroyed the sacred realm that she had carefully hidden and protected. The distorted spirit, harboring a grudge against her, was contained in his sword, and even the sword and shield were crushed in Taesan's hand.

Among the high-ranking officials, the one who wanted to kill Taesan the most was Vishnuiri.

"I won't hold back. This is the labyrinth, where one must kill to win."

Vishnu spoke quietly.

"According to the laws of the labyrinth, I will kill you too."

Flames erupted.

The crimson flames clung to the walls, heating the air to an unbearable temperature. Even a normal person would be engulfed in flames just by standing nearby, and the heat was suffocating Taesan.

The aura of the spirit surrounding Taesan began to move, protecting him from the flames of the Spirit King.

Taesan sneered.

"You're saying you won't hold back, but your emotions are running wild, aren't they?"

The Spirit King of Fire.

He was different from the previous high-ranking officials Taesan had faced. Shaman, who had relied on defense as his strong point, had lost his advantage due to an absolute judgment and fought Taesan in a weakened state.

However, it was clear at a glance that the Spirit King of Fire was an opponent who focused on offense rather than defense.

Perhaps Taesan was facing a high-ranking official with near-full power for the first time.

"Is it suitable to proceed to the deeper levels as a gatekeeper?"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

[You have a shield of various colors. You summoned Barcaza.] [You are the King of the Wind Spirit. You summoned Minerva.]

A golem appears, and the wind gathers to form a woman's figure.

[Hmm...].

"Ah-ha."

Barcaza lets out a sigh, and Minerva's eyes shine brightly. Vishnu's face contorts in disgust.

"......The King's shield, and the King of the Wind Spirit?"

"Hello? Senior?"

Minerva waves her hand brightly. Vishnu clicks his tongue, seemingly displeased with her attitude.

"You, who killed the spirit and made a contract, dare to call yourself the King of Spirits? You should be ashamed."

"Isn't that something you shouldn't be saying?"

Minerva lets out a rare, aggressive laugh.

"You, who abandoned your own world and entered the labyrinth to fulfill your own desires, dare to say such things to me?"

"......"

Vishnu's face stiffens.

"You have no manners."

"That's something I should be saying. You, who dared to defy your father's will and flee to the labyrinth, King."

"It's done."

Vishnu waves his hand, as if he has nothing more to say.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The flames exploded. In an instant, the flames that had engulfed his body began to burn the walls and rushed towards Taesan.

It was a flame that could burn down the entire world.

Vishnu said,

"Die. You're just a lowly insect."

[Ugh, I'm too weak to get involved in this fight.]

Barakaja grumbled, but applauded. The colorful lights spread in all directions, and Minerva's wind burst forth. The wind, amplified by Barakaja's power, spread wildly and scattered the flames.

Taesan drew his sword. All sorts of skills were activated, and power surged through him.

[You've activated the "Corruption of Darkness and Chaos".] [You've activated the "King's Vessel".]

Taesan focused his strength on his feet.

He charged forward along the path of the explosive wind.

Note: It appears that this text is from a fantasy novel or game, and some terms may not have direct translations. I've done my best to provide a faithful translation, but some nuances may be lost in translation.