
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

**Chapter 319**

319. 70th Floor, the King of Flame Spirits, Vishnu (2)

As I dash towards Vishnu, the wind parts ways. Vishnu swings his arm, and flames erupt, blocking my vision.

I inject my spiritual energy into my sword and strike at the raging flames, splitting them open and creating a path.

Without any hesitation, I charge forward, and Vishnu roughly waves his hand. The explosion pierces through the flames, and a flame sword is unleashed.

I swing my sword, disrupting the trajectory of the flame sword.

Whoosh.

Vishnu continues to unleash flames. The intense flames, as if they could burn the world, separate the space between us.

I stop my charge and calmly assess my opponent.

First, it's a reconnaissance battle. Both my opponent and I have many hidden cards. Instead of revealing my cards first, it's more efficient to wait for my opponent to make a move and respond accordingly.

"An opponent who uses flames to control the space and apply pressure..."

However, thanks to the difference in our strength, it wasn't that difficult to block the flames.

"Divine flames... and the king's vessel, perhaps..."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Vishnu scowled. Right now, Taesan's power was clearly higher than hers.

But despite that, she burst out laughing.

"I am the King of Spirits. What's the point of human power? You can't reach me."

[Vishnu activated her natural divine power.]

Whoosh.

Flames erupted from her body. It was as if her entire body was on fire, like a living flame itself.

Vishnu waved her hand, and the flames exploded. Taesan swung his sword.

Kaga-kaga-kag!

The flames were different from before. Even when Taesan swung his sword, he couldn't easily push them back.

Ggugu-gguk.

Instead, the flames themselves seemed to have weight, pushing Taesan back. Taesan took a step back, and Vishnu pulled out even more power.

Hwaru-hwaru-hwaru!

The flames began to engulf everything in all directions. Broken Man took a step back, looking annoyed. The entire space was covered in flames.

"Can't you do anything about that?"

Taesan asked Minerva, who was trying to push the flames back little by little with the help of Barajas' wind.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"That's a method of gathering power and strength by identifying oneself with nature. Sorry, but I haven't been able to do it yet. I haven't lived long enough, you see."

Minerva let out a sigh.

"A spirit is usually strong because of its age. And the spirit in front of me is probably one of the oldest spirits I know."

"Surrender, human."

Vishnu declared confidently. The flames that took shape began to engulf the space, trying to devour the mountain.

[You activated a powerful strike.]

You scattered the flames with a powerful slash, and Minerva created a path by blowing away the flames.

But even so, the flames pushed forward. The space was dominated by the flames, and the sparks obscured our vision.

It felt like we had fallen into a world made of flames.

If it were a pure battle of strength, the mountain would be pushed back.

But it wasn't at a level that couldn't be overcome.

"Minerva."

[You activated the Frozen World.]

A severe cold swept in. The flames that surrounded us melted away in an instant, but the continuously activated Frozen World extinguished the heat around us.

And in that moment, Minerva unleashed her power. The wind blew fiercely, pushing the flames away, and a path leading to Vishnu was created.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan charged towards that place.

[You activated acceleration.]

Vishnu unleashed a flame. But this time, Taesan didn't stop.

[You activated a frozen world.] [You activated magic concentration.]

Zzzt!

The frost of hardship spread out towards the front, cutting through the weakened flames and striking Vishnu with a sword.

Vishnu unfolded a flame barrier. Taesan put more strength into his sword.

[You activated absolute judgment.]

The moment the sword touched the barrier, it disappeared.

Vishnu's pupils expanded. Taesan swung his sword wildly. Just as he was about to split Vishnu's head, her body vanished.

[Vishnu activated her space transfer boots.]

"Hmm."

Vishnu, who had landed far away, sent a gaze downwards.

"I wondered why the Shaman lost... It seems they had a skill that ignored defense after all."

It was predictable. Considering that the Shaman, who boasted absolute defense, was defeated in an instant, it was only natural.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"But she erased the veil she had unfolded, without any resistance whatsoever.

"How can someone who hasn't even stepped into the depths of the soul have such a skill?"

Vishnu, with his tongue clicked in amazement, condensed the flames. The red flames gathered and transformed, changing their color.

There was no reason to just watch, so Taesan immediately jumped forward, trying to stab Vishnu's chest with his sword.

[Vishnu activated his spatial teleportation shoes.]

But Vishnu's body disappeared far away. Taesan scowled.

"No cooldown?"

"I've roughly finished searching. The power you possess isn't that special."

It was certainly exceptional and powerful, but its foundation was based on the system of the labyrinth. He couldn't wield his own power like the Spirit King or the Dragon.

Then, it would be easy to crush him with overwhelming power.

"Look."

The condensed flames had turned white.

"This is my world, permitted by the Spirit King."

The white flames burst forth, engulfing the space.

[Vishnu activated the King's World.]

The space was covered, and the laws of the world were distorted, changing the air.

Taesan instinctively realized it.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"This place, the 70th floor of the labyrinth, has transformed into Vishnu's world.

[The opponent is an unbeatable enemy.]

Vishnu spoke calmly.

"Die."

A wave of flames surged in.

* * *

[Your first attack has been nullified.]

The attack nullification has been consumed. Taking advantage of the gap created by the repelled flames, Taesan quickly gathers his magic.

[You have activated Marvash's Dark Wave.]

The magic ripples.

A dark wave that seeks to engulf everything in the world rushes towards the flames. Vishnu scowls and snaps his fingers.

"You've got quite a lot."

The flames open their jaws and devour the dark wave.

The activated dark wave was erased in an instant, a futile destruction like a flame being extinguished in water.

Vishnu's entire body suddenly turns into flames and disappears. Taesan, sensing danger, roughly swings his sword to the left.

"It feels good."

Vishnu, who has appeared beside Taesan, grabs Taesan's sword.

Taesan's sword is unable to move, grasped by Vishnu's flame-made fingers.

"But that's all."

The flames then burst out and engulf Taesan.

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"[Your second attack has been absolutely nullified.]"

"Second? You have multiple skills at that level?"

Vishnu is taken aback. Minerva hastily gathers wind, but it disappears with a light gesture from Vishnu.

"You are now meaningless. Young Spirit King."

Minerva's entire body trembles. She can't maintain her form and starts to shake.

"This is the realm of flames I created. No other natural being can exert any power here."

"Ahk!"

Minerva falls to the ground. The wind that surrounded her body is slowly being consumed by the flames.

"Surrender. Mortal."

The flames fill the world.

"This is the power of the king."

Vishnu, who used the "King's World" skill, has become monstrously strong. The battle that was evenly matched until now has suddenly turned one-sided, with Taesan being pushed back.

And Taesan knew what had brought about this change.

'Domination of the Realm.'

The 70th floor's space itself had become hers.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan's partial world transformation was similar to that of Vishnu. She created her own world within a certain range, and imposed her laws upon it.

Vishnu was the king of the spirits, and the spirits were natural beings. She forcibly imposed her world onto the world, twisting nature and making it her own domain.

Taesan gathered her strength to repel the flames that threatened to engulf her.

It was only natural that she would push them back. This was her domain, after all, where everything was determined by her laws and will.

If she didn't have absolute protection, she wouldn't be able to withstand the dwindling of her physical strength.

Taesan quietly focused her body. Instead of counterattacking, she concentrated on evading and defending, thinking carefully.

[You activated mental acceleration.]

As long as you don't conquer this domain, you won't be able to win.

Then, how will you conquer it?

To maintain the king's world, which was created by the gods and overlapped with her own world, a great sacrifice would undoubtedly be required.

There would certainly be a time limit, but it was unclear how much time there was. It was clear that enduring with her body for that time and then attacking wouldn't be a good method.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Even if I hide my body, it's the same. This space itself has become her territory, so there's nowhere to escape.

It's also impossible to give orders. Orders are easy to respond to when there's no will to attack, but it's hard to see a big effect when that's not the case.

The boundary line is the last card. It can't be used yet.

The most optimal way to gain the upper hand without taking damage and attack the opponent's means.

I endure the raging flames with Aegis's shield. As soon as the duration ends, I randomly blink out, but the flames come raging back again.

I gather my strength and swing it, and Taesan opens his mouth.

"Minerva."

"Huh? What?"

Minerva and Barca were barely holding on, getting pushed back by the raging flames. Taesan asked her.

"Can you buy me some time?"

"......How much time?"

"A few minutes."

"A few minutes?"

Minerva smiled wryly. She didn't want to admit it, but the Fire Spirit King was clearly stronger than her. As a young girl, she couldn't handle the natural fire deity, let alone the king's world, so it was hard to hold on.

But Minerva said confidently, as if she was certain of herself."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It's not enough. Leave it to me. Barcaja!"

[As the king wishes.]

The colors of the rainbow and the wind explode.

Vishnu gazes indifferently at Minerva's figure, who is rushing towards him.

"You're making a foolish mistake."

"I'm also a king, by name. I can't just do nothing and leave!"

Minerva's wind condenses.

Her wind, which contains everything, bursts out. The flames are slowly pushed back.

And during that time, Taesan expanded his senses.

He grasped the characteristics of the realm under Vishnu's rule and the twisted laws of the world, one by one.

He combined the numerous pieces of information he obtained and used a catalyst on his wrist guard.

Vishnu, who saw this, fiercely swung his flames.

But Minerva was not easily pushed back.

"How annoying."

Even if she's young, Minerva is the Spirit King, a being who governs the wind itself. If she gathers all her strength, she can reveal her presence even in the realm of flames.

And Taesan was also a thorn in the eye.

"Why didn't you take any damage?"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"This is her territory. Any existence that hasn't received permission will suffer a terrible fate just by standing here.

But Taesan was unaffected, without receiving any damage.

It's possible to protect one's entire body with absolute divine protection and twisted spiritual tuning, but Vishnu, who didn't know that, was very frustrated.

'If I give him time, it won't be good.'

I don't know what he's doing, but it won't be helpful to me.

I'll settle this quickly.

Vishnu, who had made up his mind, summoned flames.

The flames that were spreading like a wildfire simultaneously erupted. Like a storm, they swept across the area, covering everything.

'Ugh!'

Minerva protected Taesan by wrapping her entire body in wind and exploded. The strong gust scattered in all directions.

Taesan also activated his skill.

[You have activated the Devouring Greed of Destruction.]

A powerful force emerged from the bracelet on Taesan's arm, devouring the flames.

Although the flames couldn't withstand it and were trampled and crushed, they were somehow swallowed into his mouth.

'…….'

Vishnu scowled.

Despite using a lot of energy, neither Taesan nor Minerva fell.

'Ha, haha…….'"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Minerva slowly collapses. Her entire body begins to crumble slowly. She was unable to withstand the powerful force and was being reversed-summoned. Barcaja was already in a reversed-summoned state.

"Is this enough...?"

"Enough."

Taesan nodded his head. Minerva smiled faintly.

"Then it's done. Take courage."

With those words, she disappears.

Vishnu rises to the sky with an arrogant face, looking down at Taesan.

"Is the last struggle over?"

Although she had put up a good fight, her power was still intact. On the other hand, Taesan had lost Minerva, the spirit king.

The situation was still overwhelmingly in her favor.

"Then die there."

Flames engulf him.

Everything within his field of vision was dyed red with flames.

"This is the first time I've used it, so I'm a bit anxious."

Taesan muttered to himself as he watched the flames engulf him.

Knowledge was in his head, but knowing something and using it were two different things. It took a considerable amount of time to analyze the spirit king's domain and activate the skill accordingly.

However, thanks to Minerva's struggle, he was able to finish everything.

The roots wrapped around Taesan's arm squirmed. Taesan swung his arm roughly.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

[You have activated a partial world change.]

The roots of the world begin to stir.

The laws of the world under Vishnu's power start to distort. Vishnu's face hardens.

"......What is this?"

The world she had covered, the distorted laws, are being pushed back by another world. The flames slowly dwindle, and her domain begins to disappear.

"What the...!"

She was shocked. The space she had unfolded was vanishing.

"I am the Spirit King! This is my domain!"

"What's the big deal about that?"

Vishnu fiercely unleashes flames. Taesan responds to it.

[You have activated a frozen world.]

Zzzt!

A fierce cold sweeps in.

The power contained within is clearly different from before.

It freezes the flames that are rushing in and engulfs the space. In an instant, the walls of the labyrinth freeze.

Vishnu hastily wraps her body in flames to defend against the cold that is rushing towards her, and unleashes them. The ice doesn't reach her.

But the air freezes in an instant.

Ice and flames are dividing the 70th floor in half.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"At first, Taesan had to activate his power multiple times to push back against the frozen world that was being held back by Vishnu's power.

But now it was different.

Instead, Vishnu had to expend his power to hold back the frozen world.

"This is ridiculous."

Taesan drew his sword. The Spirit King was undoubtedly strong.

In terms of pure strength, he was above Taesan.

But what he had unleashed was an incomplete yet transcendent realm of immortality that surpassed mortal limits. In terms of power, he was clearly above the Spirit King.

Taesan spoke to the confused her, saying:

"And there's one guy who has a grudge against you."

From the moment he met the Spirit King, he released the contained power within his sword.

[You have activated the wrath of the acknowledged one.]

The crazy spirit that had been sleeping for a long time began to awaken there."

Note: "-Taesan" and "Vishnu" are proper nouns and are left untranslated. "정령왕" is translated to "Spirit King", but it could also be translated to "King of Spirits" or "Spirit Emperor" depending on the context.