
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 334

334. The World of the Ghost's Demise (5)

I have fulfilled four of the prophecies.

Only one remains. Bardley looked around the burning forest.

"Elfra, you're an old race, so you're not interesting guys."

Bardley turned his body with a nonchalant face.

"Let's go back."

They left. The elves' resentment and hatred were heard from behind, but they didn't care.

When Taesan returned to the imperial palace, the ghost whispered to him. The emotions contained within seemed to have subsided a bit, perhaps because he had vented his anger once.

[I told them to yield to me, and I begged them, staking everything. But the elves refused. They ridiculed me and blocked my approach.]

"Was it because the elves blocked us that we couldn't fulfill the prophecy?"

[That's not it. In the end, I used all the empire's power to push the entire forest back. The sacrifice was great, but I did fulfill the prophecy. It's just that the plan afterwards got messed up because time passed too much.]
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I had cleared up to the fourth prophecy. But I couldn't fulfill the last prophecy.

Before long, Bardley came to find me.

"The only thing left is the last prophecy. It's ending faster than I thought."

Bardley thought it would take at least a few months.

But in just two days, I had already cleared up to the fourth prophecy. Bardley was amazed at the incredibly fast pace and said,

"Do you remember what the last prophecy is?"

"It was to retrieve the fragment of God that resides in the sacred land."

"That's right."

Bardley nodded his head.

"The God of Regret. The Ligrit religion believes in it. There is a sacred relic of God in that sacred land. We need to retrieve it."

Bardley's words left Taesan silent for a moment.

Soon, he opened his mouth and asked,

"Is it a new believer of the God of Regret?"

"That's right. It's a very old religion. We've already made contact, but they didn't even respond."

Bardley said with an unwavering face. The thing we need to retrieve to fulfill the prophecy is the sacred relic of God. It's an item that the religion would risk their lives to protect and defend.

Even if it's to save the world, they wouldn't just hand it over easily."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I've heard that there are many fanatical believers in this religion. It might take a lot of time."

Bardley pointed to the distant mountain with his finger.

"This time, you'll have to go alone. It's unfortunate. I wanted to see what kind of place the holy land of the gods is."

"Understood."

Bardley was busy as usual. With the demon king's invasion imminent, he had to train his soldiers and knights and prepare for battle.

Well, I'll leave it to you. With that, Bardley departed.

Taesan, who was left alone, opened his mouth.

"Is this because you saw the God of Regret and were shaken?"

[That's right. I didn't see the God of Regret in the labyrinth. The 72nd floor I cleared was a different floor. But I did see it outside the labyrinth.]

The target of the fifth trial. The God of Regret. The religion of Ligrit.

And the ghost did not pass the trial.

[How pitiful. Really.]

The ghost spoke with a sigh.

The next day, Taesan headed towards the holy land of the God of Regret.

The holy land was very far away, located in the opposite direction of the Kavert Empire.

And the ghost asked Taesan for a favor.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Can I take you to the place I'm talking about when we go to the holy land?"

"Place?"

"Yeah, there's someone I want to see."

It was rare for the ghost to ask Taesan for a favor. Taesan agreed.

Taesan spread his wings and headed towards the holy land.

As he flew further and further, Taesan finally arrived at a towering mountain.

The mountain was extremely tall, with its peak hidden in the clouds.

"We're here."

The ghost said, and Taesan flew up to the mountain.

On the cloud-covered peak, there was a small hut.

Someone was sensed inside.

"Who is it?"

A loud, clear voice echoed. An old man with a sword came out of the hut.

The old man was extremely strong.

Taesan saw that the old man's power was above those who claimed to have reached the pinnacle of martial arts at the center of the world.

"[Master...]" the ghost murmured.

The old man scowled at Taesan.

"......A descendant of Kariat? I don't know why you're here, but get out."

The old man stomped his foot. With extremely fast speed, he threw a punch at Taesan's chest.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan moves his hand and grabs his fist. The old man kicks Taesan's temple with his foot.

Taesan dodges by tilting his head and swings his fist. The old man's body floats in mid-air.

"!"

The old man lands quickly on the ground, lowers his stance, and draws his sword.

The sword flashes!

Taesan responds to the old man's sword attack.

Ka-ga-gak!

The sword clashes. While blocking the old man's attack, Taesan realizes something.

The old man's swordsmanship is similar to that of the ghost.

Ka-gak!

The sword bounces back.

The old man takes a deep breath and glares at Taesan.

"...... Who are you?"

"I am the one who has received the qualifications of a hero."

The old man's pupils enlarge. Taesan puts down his sword.

"Are you the teacher of Bardley?"

* * *

"Listen."

The old man hands Taesan a broken teacup. Inside, it contains ordinary water.

"Do you think there would be tea in this old, worn-out hut?"

The old man drinks the water in big gulps. He puts down the cup roughly and looks at Taesan with an interested gaze.

"What's your relationship with that guy?"

Referring to the relationship with the ghost.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"What should I say? Taesan thought for a moment and replied.

"'I'm a friend.'

"'A friend of the prince and a descendant of Kariat? That's a strange combination.'

The old man tilted his head and opened his mouth.

"'I saw my swordsmanship in your movements. Since I only taught one person my swordsmanship, your words can't be lies.'

Taesan's swordsmanship was based on the stormy swordsmanship of the ghost.

And from the old man, who was called the ghost's teacher, a similar movement was seen.

"'Has that guy already reached the level of teaching someone?'

"'There were many things that happened. Did you teach swordsmanship to Bardley?'

"'It's similar.'

The old man said bluntly.

"'A young kid came all the way here and asked me to teach him swordsmanship. The empire's swordsmanship exists, but it's not enough. He got beaten up and ignored, but he didn't leave. I had no choice but to teach him, and from then on, he stuck to me, calling me his teacher. He was a pesky guy.'"

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The Black Empire's swordsmanship of the Storm Scar. It meant that anyone who was a knight of the empire could learn it, and it wasn't that remarkable of a swordsmanship.

But the Storm Scar of the ghost was recognized as a high-level swordsmanship in the labyrinth, worthy of being called a superior swordsmanship.

It meant that the Storm Scar's sword had been used to defeat many people and had been refined through countless battles.

The old man in front of him seemed to be one of those people.

"If you've received a disciple-like treatment, you should say so. You're an ungrateful guy."

The old man's voice was tinged with a hint of resentment.

Taesan asked, "How long did you stay with Bardley?"

"About... three years, I suppose. I wasn't allowed to stay any longer, so I left."

Three years.

It was a long enough time to develop feelings for someone. The old man continued to grumble, patting his waist.

"They've left me, an old man, behind and are enjoying all the wealth of the empire. I'll have to teach them a lesson."

[Even if I said I'd take care of him, he didn't come here, saying it was good.]

The ghost let out a dry laugh.

After that, they exchanged small talk. The old man asked about Bardley's situation, and the ghost replied. Taesan played the role of relaying the ghost's words."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Let's go down once."

The old man muttered to himself, seemingly satisfied with the story of Taesan.

After the story ended, Taesan prepared to leave. The old man, who had been gazing at Taesan with a vacant expression, asked:

"Did Bardley ever talk about me?"

"No."

"...... That's right. I wasn't a good teacher to him. I'm not good at taking care of people. I always scolded him, and didn't even provide him with proper meals. I couldn't comfort him when he cried alone in his loneliness."

The old man spoke with a bitter tone.

"It's not strange if you resent me. You probably do resent me. Honestly, I'm... afraid to see my disciple again."

[Teacher...].

The old man's words trembled, and for the first time, Bardley's voice shook.

"You said you were friends with your disciple. So please, I beg of you. Your disciple is a weak kid. He's easily swayed by emotions and can't suspect others well. One day, that might lead to big trouble."

The old man grasped Taesan's hand with his bony hand, his face filled with concern and worry.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"So, keep an eye on that guy from the side."

The ghost couldn't say a word.

* * *

Taesan, who had left the mountain, continued to head towards the holy land.

As he walked, Taesan discovered a small lake.

The ghost, who had been quiet until then, opened its mouth.

[When I lived with my teacher for about a month, my teacher took me to that lake. I didn't know the reason back then... but now I understand. You were worried about me.]

"Have you met my teacher since then?"

[No. I went to look for him after the Demon King appeared, but he had already passed away a long time ago.]

The ghost closed its mouth again.

Taesan continued walking and finally arrived at the holy land.

He could see the faintly spread divine energy throughout the holy land.

And within it, he saw the priests of the regretful god, who were sending a childish gaze.

"A humble unbeliever has arrived."

In front of them stood a man with a plump body, wearing a luxurious attire that was unmatched by the surrounding priests, making him look like the master of this place.

"I am the great regretful god, Ligrit. I am the pope of the religion that worships him."
$@$v=v1.16-rv2$@$“The Pope furrowed his brow.”

“Dare! Dare to covet the holy relics of the great Legate, you insignificant heathen infidel! Such arrogance, it is enough!”

He continued to shout out the majesty of the mountain.

And thus, he expounded on the nature of the god of regret, why we should believe in him, his omnipotence, and how all humans should follow the god of regret.

Taesan paid it no mind.

He had something he needed to confirm.

The gentle sanctity spread across the holy site.

The divine power to block external foes and protect internal people.

And the faith of those living within the holy site, seeping into and permeating the sanctity enveloping it.

The power flowing from this faith was strengthening the sanctity.

By the time he arrived at his destination, he had more or less figured it out.

‘I could do this too.’

This much should be enough. It seemed that these people were maintaining what the god of regret had casually spread long ago. Taesan believed he could do the same.

Taesan reached out to touch the veil of sanctity enshrouding the holy site.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"With a fierce backlash, I tried to push Taesan away.

It may be rough, but it's the power of God. Even if I had immense power, it seemed almost impossible to penetrate if I didn't receive permission from the being inside.

Taesan finally looked up and gazed at the Pope. The Pope was still spewing out the doctrine of regretful God. Taesan asked him.

"If you reject me, will the world be destroyed?"

"Rather, that would be a good thing!"

The Pope revealed his teeth.

"It's right that this wretched world should perish and return to God's bosom, rather than having God's sacred relics tainted by human hands!"

What was contained within was the unique obstinacy and twisted fanaticism of a devout believer.

Since the other party wasn't someone who could be reasoned with, Taesan ignored the Pope again.

"I'm blocked here."

[This is God's domain, so I tried to break through somehow, but that divine power didn't budge. That guy told me that I committed the sin of daring to covet God's sacred relics. He told me to watch as the world perishes before the holy land.]

The Pope's words came true."

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The ghost did not give up. To break through the sacred land of the League, he tried many methods and worked hard.

But before he could break through the sacred land, the Demon King descended.

[But when I returned to the empire late, my family and lover were all dead. The empire was also in a state of destruction. I could only watch as the things I wanted to protect were destroyed, trapped in this place. Ah... it's a sad story.]

A gloomy voice echoed. Taesan raised his hand.

"Since it's a trial I've set for myself, I won't say anything even if I fail."

Taesan manifests his divinity. A golden aura flows out from him.

"What?"

In an instant, the priests are shaken. They sense a massive, unapproachable presence emanating from Taesan.

The divinity manifested by Taesan and the divinity spread out by the League begin to collide.

A crack appears in the divine veil spread out over the sacred land. The Pope's face, which had been twisted into a distorted smile, begins to tremble.

The divine power that protects them begins to collapse. Along with a clear, crumbling sound, the Pope is shocked by the collapsing divinity.

"What, what...!"

The thing that surrounds their sacred land is the power of God.

Humans cannot resist. He cried out in desperation."

Note: There may be some nuances or cultural references that don't translate perfectly, but I've done my best to provide an accurate translation.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Priests! Show more power! Demonstrate your faith in God!"

The priests start singing hymns with all their might, and the color of the divine slightly deepens.

But that's all.

It was only a fleeting, trivial faith, barely worth a few hundred. The great mountain gathers divine power and manifests it in the world. The overwhelming divine power of the great mountain crushes the sacred power and covers them.

Ka-ching!

"Gasp!"

"Ugh!"

The priests spit out blood and collapse. The Pope is no exception. He is buried under the powerful divine power, his head bowed to the ground.

"Ugh, ugh..."

With great difficulty, he opens his eyes.

"Ah, ah, ah..."

The divine power of the sacred land has disappeared.

The great mountain's divine power has taken its place.

"It's possible after all."

"This, this..."

The great mountain ignores the stumbling Pope.

It moves, following the powerful waves of divine power emanating from within the sacred land.

As it enters a small building, there is a small stone fragment inside.

It looks like a common stone fragment you'd find on the street, but the power contained within is undoubtedly divine.

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan grasped the stone fragment. The power within it began to seep into Taesan's sword.

[You have obtained a fragment of the League's relic.] [The numerous powers contained within your sword are taking shape according to the prophecy, and you are beginning to wield them.]

The artifact of Kabert is changing. Something akin to a law is taking root within it.

"This is..."

Taesan was astonished.

The power contained within the sword was beyond what Taesan had imagined.

At the same time, the world began to distort.

From the farthest end of the world, something began to descend upon the world.

Taesan, who had briefly gazed in that direction, emerged from a small building.

Dozens of gazes were fixed on Taesan.

Astonishment, anger, but also fear.

They, who held many emotions, could not approach Taesan.

"Who, who are you......"

The Pope asked Taesan with a pale face. The divine power that Taesan had unleashed was covering this place.

He is not human.

He is a being closer to a transcendent deity.

The Pope mistakenly thought of Taesan as such. He began to bow his head, trembling.

Taesan left without answering.

* * *
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The one who welcomed Taesan back to the empire was Bardley, who was commanding the knights.

"Has the prophecy been fulfilled?"

Taesan nodded his head. Bardley let out a loud cheer.

"It's really happened... This world can be saved from destruction."

He clenched his fist and shouted loudly to the knights.

"Listen! Knights of the empire! The Demon King will appear! A being that seeks to destroy the world! Let us rise up and fight to protect our empire!"

The cry echoed loudly.

After that, it was a repetition of extremely busy times. People prepared for war with determined faces, and Bardley also moved busily to negotiate with other kingdoms.

Taesan had nothing else to do.

Even though it was preparation time, it would take some time for the Demon King to appear, so Taesan watched the people's movements.

[Dar-gun.]

The ghost who saw their appearance muttered to himself.

[They're all passionate and... full of hope. It's so different from my time.]

The ghost was seeing a scene that he had failed to protect, failed to achieve, unfolding before his eyes.

[Is this what the god of regret wanted to show me?]
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"This is the spectacle that you couldn't achieve.

It's the appearance of someone who couldn't do it because they were lacking.

That's why I want to see their regret, so I made the ghost the target of the quest. Taesan asked the ghost.

"Do you regret it?"

[No regrets.]

The ghost replied with a bitter smile.

[I want to turn back time. I haven't accepted it yet. But... I'm already dead.]

The ghost is a dead person. They can no longer have an impact on this world.

[I failed. Twice, in fact.]

If only I had been more cautious and bold, I could have fulfilled the prophecy. When I went down to the labyrinth, I could have stayed alert and survived to turn back time.

But the ghost couldn't do that.

Someone who has already missed their chance can only look back with regret.

[It's already over. Everything.]

The ghost barely managed to come to terms with it.

Time passed, and Levancia came to find Taesan.

"Ah, the great hero has arrived."

"Levancia, what's going on?"

"I guess he's busy. He doesn't acknowledge me as his opponent. I'm a bit bored, that's all."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Levancia smiled brightly.

The ghost looking at her was slightly shaken, but perhaps because she had finally made up her mind, she didn't waver like she did when they first met.

Levancia gazed at Taesan and let out a sigh of admiration.

"You're really amazing. To fulfill the prophecy so quickly. Is it because of the hero's bloodline?"

"It wasn't that difficult."

"Modesty. He said so himself. If you weren't there, we might not have been able to fulfill the prophecy."

Levancia's face, as she spoke of Bardley, was filled with affection.

Taesan asked her, "Do you love him?"

"Yes," Levancia replied immediately, her face unwavering.

"I love him. I want to spend the rest of my life with him."

As she said this, Levancia gently stroked her belly. It was a soft and warm gesture, as if there was something precious inside.

[Ah.]

The ghost was shocked to the point where its spirit was momentarily distorted. Despite its expressionless face, its emotions were clearly readable.

Levancia spoke with a bashful face.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$The translation of the Korean text "이건 비밀이에요?" to English is:

"Is this a secret?"