
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 340

340. 73rd floor, Great Magician. Xian (2)

A vast power is consuming space. The wavering mana is taking shape and starting to influence the world.

The power contained within is a power that even the current Tai Shan would not be able to guarantee victory.

Tai Shan looked at the magic arrays drawn on the walls and ceiling.

Those magic arrays were unleashing a powerful force.

Kaga, kaga!

The shaped mana is being poured into the world. The sustained damage hits Tai Shan, and the intangible aura surrounding him rises up to protect his master.

Automatic activation skill. The absolute protection power was. Tai Shan, who did not receive any damage, looked at Xian with a scowl on his face.

"...After witnessing the battle with the Spirit King, it seems that you really have immunity to sustained damage. How is it that you can use such a skill."

Xian's face contorted and he shook his head. Power is starting to gather on the staff in his hand.

"Die."

[Xian has activated the Frozen World.] [You have activated the Frozen World.]

Tch, tch, tch!
Here is the translation of the text:

The cold was rushing towards each other. The fragments of ice shattered and crushed everything, rushing towards each other.

And what was being pushed away was a frozen world that the Great Mountain had unfolded.

As the skill level rose, the power of the frozen world increased greatly, like a wildfire bursting forth in the midst of a harsh winter.

The Great Mountain took a step back. Luckily, its size of 73 floors was quite spacious, allowing it to move around and dodge.

The harsh winter enveloped the location where the Great Mountain was standing.

Shayan wielded his staff. Mana condensed, and his strength was revealed.

[Shayan activated the flames of the vortex.]

The space opened up, and fiery sparks appeared.

The sparks that had fallen from the sky began to jump around and start devouring the space.

The Great Mountain calculated its trajectory, direction, and speed, and dodged.

The Great Mountain looked at Shayan.

Shayan was still in the same spot, having taken only one step.

The demon said, "From now on, we will have a fair fight, and the Great Mountain's battle skills and abilities, which he used against the Fire Lord, will also be watched by the guides of the path of sin."

The Great Mountain was fighting against the Lord of Fire, and Shayan would know about the skills and abilities he used.
Here is the translation of the text:

Taesan also knew him, so he didn't want to give away too much information, but the Fire Spirit King was a formidable opponent who had to use all his strength. Taesan had to reveal most of his cards and fight.

So far, Taesan had been attacking and analyzing the leaders, but now it was his turn to be attacked.

Then, would Shayan have any countermeasures against his power?

[You have activated the Sadohwa [Darkness and Chaos].]

As the avatar of nature, the king's vessel, and many other buffs, he activates his skills. He also activates the skill of the one who has stepped into the deep place, and strengthens his hand holding the sword.

[You have activated the Huriugi.]

He creates a whirlwind of fire sparks and runs around in all directions.

He moves the twin swords simultaneously to create a path towards Shayan.

He adds strength to his feet and strikes.

[You have activated acceleration.] [You have activated skill acceleration.]

Zzzt!

Taesan is quickly getting closer to Shayan. Even if he didn't, his high stats and skill acceleration would make it difficult for the leaders to respond.

Shayan also let out a small gasp.

"Amazing, but... that's all."

Shayan lightly brought down his cane.

[Shayan has activated the twisting.]

The space around him twisted momentarily.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san's body was rushing towards Shai-an, but suddenly changed direction due to the distortion of space.

Tae-san quickly adjusted his posture and again charged towards Shai-an, only to have Shai-an activate another distortion.

"Hey..."

Tae-san's body, which was heading straight ahead, suddenly twisted to the left.

A certain distance around Shai-an was distorted.

"No matter how fast I go, it's just a physical movement. Once the space itself is distorted, it's impossible to approach."

Shai-an muttered to himself and drew a staff.

"You are certainly exceptional. The power you possess is a power that can't be found even in the annals of history. But I am a mage."

Ki-ing.

Magical arrays that enveloped the floor emitted a bright light.

"The eternal and unchanging lord of the great magic tower. I have prepared and designed countless spells to kill only you, and have prepared this place for you."

This was Shai-an's dojo and the mage's domain.

"Submit to the overwhelming power of magic."

[Shai-an activated a layered spell.]

* * *
Here is the translation of the text:

Shiyan activated the frozen world. Shiyan activated the starlight arrow. Shiyan activated the oscillating wave.

Three spells manifested simultaneously.

However, they did not collide.

The magical power was concentrated, gathering on Shiyan's staff.

Shiyan activated the magic release.

And the power was released at once. The three intermediate spells overlapped and entwined, charging towards Tai Shan.

Coldness took on a light, shook, and swallowed the entire space.

There was no escape. Tai Shan made a swift judgment.

[You have activated the craving for destruction.]

The power stored in the bracelet arose, colliding with the entwined spells.

The craving for destruction overflowed, but greedily opened its mouth to swallow the magic.

Although the craving for destruction did not absorb all the power and disappeared, it had reduced to a level where Tai Shan could respond. Tai Shan drew his sword and struck the magic, charging towards Shiyan.

He opened his inventory and pulled out a flute.
Here is the translation of the text:

[You have activated the silent horn, prohibiting the use of all magic within a 10-minute range. However, the flow of magic cannot be blocked by the magic circle created by the shaking mana, and the activation of the silent horn has been forcibly cancelled.]

Tai Shan quickly put away the horn and grasped his sword again. Although he had used it to create a variable, he didn't think he would be defeated by the guide.

[You have activated the Marbas's dark wave.]

The dark wave envelops all directions, blocking one's vision. Tai Shan's body is exposed to Shayan.

[You have activated stealth.]

For one second, Tai Shan is completely out of detection. Just as he is about to take advantage of Shayan's weakness, Shayan also responded.

[Shayan has activated the gaze of all creatures.]

The mana spread throughout the area becomes Shayan's gaze. Since his appearance has been revealed, the effect of stealth is forced to end.

"'By blocking the field of vision, it's a skill that conceals one's presence. Then, the response is not simple, is it?"

[Shayan has activated magic stacking.]

The stacked magic explodes again.

A wave of power resonates throughout the space.

The range of the power is too wide to block, and the three intermediate-level magic spells stacked together are too much for Tai Shan to withstand, resulting in significant losses.
Here is the translation of the text:

Suffering damage to break through was the correct answer, but that would trigger the nullification of the attack.

Tai Shan realized. Shaya is currently trying to consume the nullification of his own attack that he possesses.

[You are the Wind King. You have summoned Minerva.] [You have summoned the multi-colored shield, Barquazal.]

The summoned Minerva and Barquazal immediately manifest their powers. A blazing wind explodes, unleashing a spell that blows away the incoming magic.

"Master! You're very busy!"

Minerva cries out as Shaya calmly lowers his staff. One quiet magic circle begins to spin.

[Shaya has activated the forbidden exclusion of nature.]

Kuku kuku kung!

"Ah!"

Minerva lets out a sudden gasp. The natural energy surrounding her begins to tremble uncertainly.

"The king of spirits is annoying, but if you know his property and prepare in advance, it's not difficult."

Shaya reveals another magic.

Minerva tries to respond by pulling out all her strength, but compared to her usual state, she was significantly weakened.

He was being slowly worn down.

Tai Shan made a decision. He would try to find a gap, even if it meant consuming himself.

Note: The text appears to be a scene from a fantasy story, with characters and magic being used.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Minerva, open the way a bit."

"Alright!"

Minerva swings her arms and unleashes a storm, sending the space-occupying mana flying away.

[You have activated acceleration.] [You have accelerated your skill.]

Once again, the Taishan figure dashes forward, and Xiaoyan activates her distortion. The space around Xiaoyan distorts.

Taishan takes a step forward.

[You have activated limited blink.]

Taishan moves through space to right in front of Xiaoyan.

Limited blink is a skill obtained after fighting against the Fire God King. Xiaoyan did not know this skill either. His face suddenly looks astonished.

But his astonishment quickly subsides.

[Xiaoyan has activated limited blink.]

As she swings her sword, Xiaoyan's physical body also moves.

Limited blink is a mid-level magic. It is impossible for Xiaoyan, who has only reached the surface with a single spell, to obtain this.

And Taishan also knew that.

[You have activated the perfect fairy's wings.] [You have activated acceleration.] [You have accelerated your skill.] [You have activated forced descent.]
Here is the translation of the text:

As Taesan's body accelerates, Shayan's movements slow down.

By making limited contact, I induce the opponent's confusion and then pull out another card to seize the opportunity before the situation is settled.

Did it work? Shayan was unable to activate the distortion until Taesan was right in front of him. It was the moment when Taesan was about to pierce Shayan's body.

Shayan's staff glowed.

[Shayan activated the Frozen World.]

Snow began to fall around Shayan.

Taesan was thinking of ignoring Shayan's attack and counterattacking. Even if the attack was nullified, if it hit, there was a high probability of benefiting himself.

[Shayan activated the forced coordination of magic.]

However, the Frozen World did not attack Taesan, but instead began to surround Shayan.

The Frozen World condensed and protected Shayan without exploding.

[You have activated the Judgment.]

Ka-ka-ka!
Here is the translation of the text:

Shan had tried to pierce through the absolute judgment, but the frozen world was an attacking magic. He had forced it to adjust to protect himself, but it was not absolute judgment that could be targeted.

The ice had been tempered, but it had not been pierced.

As much as Shan had tried to break through the defense, he had to respond late. Tai Shan had tried to twist his body to block the magic, but he couldn't stop the continuous magic of Shan.

[Your first attack has been invalidated.] [Shan has activated twisting.]

The space twisted, forcing Tai Shan and Shan's distance apart.

In the end, Tai Shan was unable to inflict any damage on Shan. Instead, the attack invalidation was consumed.

Shan looked down on Tai Shan with arrogance.

"This is my domain, and you cannot reach me."

The magic circles began to shine. Shan's magic, which had been triggered again, caused Tai Shan to move his body.

* * *

It was impossible to approach Shan. If you got close, the twisting would be activated, and no matter how you tried to break through, you would only suffer more damage.

Tai Shan was forced to retreat and block the attacking magic.

"'Perfect.'"

Tai Shan was amazed.
Here is the translation of the text:

Xian prepared numerous means to counter him, and was completely absorbed in it.

He blocked the activation of the shield, consuming the effective cancellation of the attack magic that covered the entire space.

He blocked the skill acceleration by twisting the space and used the absolute judgment to defend against the attack magic, solving the problem.

The Celestial King also used a pre-prepared magical array to suppress the natural flow, controlling it.

Tae-san could do everything he could to block it.

Tae-san was unable to use magic in this way.

Only the most exceptional among the life-devoted magicians who had dedicated their lives to a single spell could do so.

He may have also prepared a method to respond to partial world changes.

Looking at the power of the magical array flowing to Xian, it seemed impossible to consume his mana. Even after using dozens of mid-level magic spells, Xian did not feel any burden.

The perfect preparation for defeating him.

"However."

Even if that's the case, Tae-san will not yield.

Xian knows the 70th floor Tae-san who defeated the Celestial King.

But now, he is on the 73rd floor.