
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 342

342. 73rd floor, Great Mage, Xian (4)

Xian was shocked by the words of Tai Shan.

Mantejark. A name that had been forgotten for a long time, even by the high-ranking officials, was revealed by Tai Shan, who was not a hero.

And Akisharani.

"...What?!"

The contract with the mage who created the labyrinth. The word passed through his mind.

"...I'm going to die a thousand times!"

Xian was grinding his teeth, trying to gather mana.

Xian realized.

The flow of mana had changed.

The mana that had merged with Xian and allowed him to use infinite magic was scattered and dispersed in all directions.

"This is!"

Xian instinctively realized that this was a magic created by Akishar to seek revenge.

"It's okay."

Tai Shan nodded. The temporary barrier of mana was not long-lasting. Therefore, it had been saved until now.

This time, it's the end. Tai Shan gathered his strength. This time, it was not mana, but darkness.

[You have activated the call of destruction.]
Here is the translation of the text:

The darkness of destruction began to engulf the world. It was happening in the darkness.

"Ah."

Shayan was startled and trembled with shock, having been numbly standing.

If it was a living being that breathed and lived, it should have felt a sense of impending doom within that darkness.

That was the power of destruction.

Kuooo!

The darkness took shape. It swallowed up matter and aimed to destroy the world, charging towards Shayan.

Shayan hastily swung his staff. A wave of flames crashed towards the darkness.

Kuooouu!

The forces collided, causing a shockwave. The darkness did not retreat, but instead reveled in its greed.

"Mad!"

Shayan let out a muffled cry. He could instinctively sense what that darkness was.

"How can I use such power!"

It was a power that had been ignited, but it was not a fragment, but the true essence. It was not being used as a tool, but as its own power.

Shayan roughly gathered his strength and pushed the darkness back. The darkness scattered in all directions.

"Hmm."

Tae-san let out a small sigh and swung his sword. The darkness was not only targeting Shayan, but also aimed to swallow him up.
Here is the translation of the text:

The summons of destruction was a force that moved independently of the Great Mountain. The darkness that was about to engulf everything in the world was grasping for it with all its might.

It gathered its strength and opened its mouth.

"Retreat."

[You have triggered the command of exclusion.]

As soon as the command was triggered, the darkness that was about to consume the Great Mountain was repelled.

The power of destruction was trying to engulf the world, but it lacked the intention to do so. It was easy to push it back with a command.

"Ahhh!"

[Shayan has triggered the magic stacking.]

A thick, magical energy is condensed on the staff. Shayan swings the staff.

[Shayan has triggered the magic release.]

Ku-kuku-kuku-kung!

Cold, light, and flames merge together and are implemented in the world.

The powerful energy wave pushes back the darkness of destruction.

The Great Mountain infused strength into the hand holding the sword.

He pushed back the darkness that was about to engulf everything, and rushed towards Shayan. Shayan swung the staff wildly.

[Shayan has triggered the infinite light residue.]

The light begins to rain down on the entire floor, trying to pierce the Great Mountain.

"It's inevitable!"

Shayan's eyes narrowed.
The protests that had been calling for destruction were exhausted. The flow of mana that had been continuously recovering had also been blocked.

However, there were still many magical circles that had not disappeared and were still supporting themselves.

The darkness of destruction was certainly powerful, but it was not at an unbeatable level.

If one could crush the mountain before exhausting all one's mana, one could win. Shayan thought so.

And the same was true for the mountain.

Up until now, Shayan had been in the superior position in battles. The mountain, on the other hand, had no information about Shayan, and had been watching the battle between Shayan and the Fire Spirit King, which is why it had been able to understand Shayan.

However, now the two had been fighting for a long time. The mountain had had sufficient time to understand Shayan.

Now it was his turn.

[You have activated the Dark Tide of Marbas.]

It is gathering darkness. The pouring light is being swallowed up by the dark tide and disappearing.

[Shayan has activated the Frozen World.] [You have activated the Frozen World.] [You have activated forced amplification.]
Here is the translation of the text:

The frozen world collides with each other. It's natural that the frozen world, which has been expanded by the great mountain, would collapse under the stronger freezing force.

At first, I didn't think I could stop it. My goal was to slow down the frozen world's speed by just a little bit.

[You have ignited the spark of disaster.]

The flames engulf the entire space.

The great mountain immediately activated its hiding technique. With its existence obscured, Shaiyan tried to activate the gaze of all living beings.

[You have accelerated.]

[You have accelerated your skill.]

The flames part, revealing the great mountain's appearance.

Shaiyan responded faster than the great mountain, hastily drawing down its staff.

[Shaiyan has activated twisting.]

The space is twisted. The great mountain immediately activates its skill.

[You have activated the perfect fairy's wings.]

Until now, Shaiyan had blocked the great mountain's approach using twisting.

As a result, the great mountain was able to understand how Shaiyan uses twisting in different situations and ways.

Paang!

The wings move. The great mountain flies in a completely different direction from Shaiyan.

However, the great mountain was actually flying straight towards Shaiyan.
Here is the translation of the text:

It was a situation where the distortion of space was understood and utilized to narrow the distance.

Shayan's pupils expanded. His body jumped through space. Limited blink. Tai Shan also activated the limited blink and quickly attached himself to Shayan's body.

"I, I!"

[Shayan has activated the frozen world.] [Shayan has activated the forced coordination of magic.]

Cold air wrapped around Shayan's body.

The defense of the frozen world. As much as it is an attack, it cannot be pierced with absolute judgment.

However, that was not meant to be an absolute defense.

After one sword collision, the level of defense was determined.

[You have activated Nabarius's golden sword.] [You have activated Ammon's black spike.] [You have activated Sabnack's black thread.]

Tai Shan activated all his intermediate-level black magic at once.

Guguuguung!

"Koek!"

The ice shield was shattered. Tai Shan also received damage from Sabnack's thread, but ignored it and advanced forward.

There was no longer anything blocking Shayan and Tai Shan.

Tai Shan inserted his sword.
Here is the translation of the text:

[You have activated the conversion.] [You have activated addition.] [You have activated the ring of distorted distortion of the regretful one.] [You have reset the cooldown of the sword of the soul.] [You have activated the sword of the soul.] [You have activated absolute judgment.]

Boom.

The sword pierces Shaiyan's chest.

[112,323 damage to Shaiyan.]

“Huh!”

Shaiyan spits out blood. His face becomes increasingly pale.

He grabs Tai Shan's arm with a trembling hand.

“Let's go together!”

[Shaiyan's life force has reached 0.] [The final flame has been activated.]

Flames engulf Tai Shan.

Shaiyan bares his teeth, but soon his eyes grow wide.

[Your Endurance has been activated.] [The attack leading to death has been invalidated.] [All damage is 0 for 1 second.]

* * *

Tai Shan draws his sword. Shaiyan laughs maniacally in his dying state.

“Ah, ahah……. I was left behind until the end.”

This was a one-sided battle that started from a disadvantageous position for Shaiyan.

Although he knows everything about Tai Shan, Tai Shan knows nothing about him. He has been pressuring Tai Shan with countless calculations and believed he had the upper hand.

However, from the middle onwards, he began to be counterattacked.
Here is the translation:

The trump card was perfectly blocked, and even the last self-destructive attack was predicted and blocked with the skill to withstand it.

It was a defeat that couldn't be denied to the extent that it was perfect.

"...Damn Akisha. You're still obstructing me till the end, you scoundrel."

He mutters to himself, closing his eyes.

"Is this the end of the traitor?"

As he spoke, his soul began to escape from his body.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Your level has risen.] [Your level has risen.] [Your level has risen.] [Your level has risen.] [Your magical ascension has been triggered.] [Your permanent stats have increased: vitality 2,481, mana 2,342, strength 489, agility 362, intelligence 1,243.] [The seed of life has been triggered.] [Your permanent stats have increased: vitality 366, mana 743, strength 258, agility 103, intelligence 677.] [Your magical ascension has been triggered.] [Your magic proficiency has increased by 6%.] [The frozen world's......] [Your magical ascension has been triggered. You have obtained the skill [Magic Compulsion].] [Your magical ascension has been triggered. You have obtained the intermediate magic [Twist].] [You have grasped numerous possibilities, calculated, and made a judgment, reaching the correct answer.] [You have obtained the special permanent skill [Quick Judgment].]

The reward window for the perfect end of the battle has appeared. Tai Shan has sheathed his sword.

"It wasn't easy."

I didn't think it would be that difficult, to be honest.

Shaman and the Fire Spirit King were defeated, and Tai Shan has become much stronger since then.

However, he wasn't strong enough. His opponents couldn't respond to his skills and showed a big gap. On the other hand, Xi'an had perfectly grasped his strengths and was about to attack him.

He definitely had the power to kill Tai Shan.

He realized again that his strong points were the unique skills that induced his opponents' complacency.

However, in the end, it was him who won. The ghost opened its mouth.

[We've reached this point. Xi'an said so, and now the remaining ones will probably be quite confused.]

Xi'an had perfectly grasped Tai Shan, prepared to respond, and spread out his magic array. He was in a state of being much stronger than usual.

However, losing was equivalent to saying that he had almost no chance of winning in front of the commander.
Here is the translation of the text:

"I'll take care of it."

The ghost muttered to himself. Although it was his hope, his voice sounded like he didn't care anymore.

When I think about it, the ghost knew that Mantas was a Mantajak, but he didn't mention it. To him, the leaders were only worth that much, implying that.

Anyway, Tai Shan had won.

Then it was time to confirm the reward.

The space began to crack open. As the quest was completed, the target appeared.

What appeared was not a rotten, crumbling skull.

A well-dressed, middle-aged man with white hair was standing there. He was holding a luxurious robe with golden embroidery and a perfectly decorated cane, and he descended into the labyrinth.

"[Ah, this is the time.]"

The skull that had given the quest to defeat Mantas. It was Akisha.

He looked at Shayan's corpse and laughed.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Manateja, it seems that it has ended like this. The time of the labyrinth is almost infinite. You also had the talent to reach the peak, but because of your twisted and ugly inferiority complex, we both ended up with this conclusion.]

The one who had been muttering to himself suddenly stopped talking.

[I wanted to ask one more thing, but... it seems that it was not allowed to go that far. Well, I'm satisfied anyway. Thanks.]

Akiasha twirls her staff. The robe follows her movements.

[Since my wish has been granted, I should give a corresponding reward.]

The quest for revenge against the upper echelons and Akiasha has ended.

Akiasha's promise was the most powerful and outstanding magic he possessed, as well as the equipment used with that magic.

With the light, the power began to surge towards Tai Shan.