
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 344

344. 73rd floor, special skill activation. Copy (2)

"Defeated."

The guide of sin. The leaders of the group were gathered at one place.

With the permission of the gods, they were able to watch the battle between Tai Shan and Xian. They witnessed the process and the outcome directly.

"What shall we do?"

Someone said.

There was no response.

Silence echoed among the guides of sin.

The face of the Lion King was stiff and rigid, and So-seyet was also silent. Ambresia scratched her head with a puzzled expression.

The rest were the same. Everyone was stunned, with their mouths shut in shock.

"Let's... sort things out first."

Ambresia managed to open her mouth.

"The one who first went to capture Tai Shan was Shaman. His defeat was shocking, but we could still understand it."
Here is the translation of the text:

Samahn, who boasted of his defensive abilities, was a formidable opponent. Only a few among the leaders could penetrate his defense. Taesan judged that Samahn's strength was insufficient since he had not descended into the labyrinth as much as they had, and therefore believed that he could easily win against Samahn and return.

However, Samahn lost to Taesan. This fact shocked everyone.

"It was unexpected, but... in reverse, Samahn's strength was focused solely on defense, so it wasn't difficult to win against him."

It's an unbelievable story, but if there was a skill that ignored defense, it wouldn't have been difficult to defeat Samahn. The reason why Ma Shin allowed only Samahn to be sent out among the leaders was because of this.

"The next one was Vishnu."

The Fire Spirit King, Vishnu.

They believed that they would win this time. Vishnu's attack power was among the best among the leaders. Only a few could withstand the power of the king's world that she had unleashed.

However, Vishnu also lost.

"At least it was acceptable. I could understand it."

Ma Shin had allowed observation of the battle, which was after fighting against Samahn. Vishnu had fought against Taesan without any information about him.

Moreover, Taesan had a countermeasure against Vishnu, too. He could handle the king's world, a partial world transformation skill, so Taesan's victory was not unexpected.
Here is the translation of the text:

They acknowledged the defeat of the Spirit King.

Next, Shayan appeared, a great mage.

Through the battle with Vishnu, they perfectly understood the power possessed by Tai Shan.

And Shayan was a mage. He designed numerous magical arrays before descending to the 73rd floor, preparing for the battle until Tai Shan arrived.

They believed that this time, they could definitely win, and Shayan, who had secured his position and prepared everything, was the strongest among them, as he said.

However, Shayan also lost.

This meant that no one among them could defeat Tai Shan in a 1:1 battle.

Ambresia smiled wryly.

"What should we do now?"

"......Do we really need to fight him?"

Someone said, their voice trembling with fear. The Lion King's face contorted in anger.

"Three of us have already died. Shouldn't we just leave him alone?"

"Of course, we're only as strong as our combined strength, and we've only managed to break through to the 74th floor. There was no sense of camaraderie or anything like that from the very beginning. You guys were special, that's all."

"You......"
Here is the translation of the text:

"No matter how hard we try to pass together, there's someone watching. It's not impossible."

"If one person can't do it, two people can. There's someone who specializes in this in our group."

"If we're black and white twins, there might be a chance, but... it's just as dangerous."

"So, are we going to run away?"

"No, it's simple. We just need to hide our bodies."

I'll escape. The Lion King's fierce energy flowed out.

"You don't have any dignity."

"Didn't you abandon dignity the moment you decided to take down the 74th floor together?"

The one who opposed the Lion King jeered.

"Lion King, you're not a great king right now. Recognize that."

The Lion King's face contorted.

The strength spread out in all directions and clashed. The voices grew louder, and they began to argue with each other.

"It's a mess."

Ambrosia watched their appearance with a scowl, her tongue between her teeth.

The Lion King and the one who spoke loudly were originally not good friends, but they had never directly opposed each other before. It meant that they were now quite hostile towards each other.
Here is the translation of the text:

They had already reached the 77th floor of the labyrinth. Although it was far from Taesan, they would soon arrive in front of him, considering his strength.

"'Is this the end for us?'"

Ambresia smiled awkwardly.

* * *

Ritch was still in the same form as before, standing in the same place.

Ritch clapped his teeth and manifested his magic.

[Malkos had activated the magical crystal.]

Shards of magic shot out.

Taesan dodged the magic with his body.

"'Is it reviving?'"

Taesan murmured to himself for a moment before adding strength to his feet.

With his strength, he repelled the shards of magic and soon arrived in front of Malkos.

[Malkos had activated the wave of liberation.]

The accumulated mana burst forth and pushed Taesan back. When Taesan briefly opened up some distance, Malkos once again manifested his magic and pressured Taesan.

Kaka, kaka!

Taesan shot out a frost arrow.

[You activated the starlight arrow.] [You activated magic concentration.]

Just as Malkos was about to deploy his defensive steel wall to block the starlight arrow, racing across the sky.

[You activated magic explosion.]

The starlight arrow exploded, and the energy shot towards Malkos, who was trying to deploy the defensive steel wall.
Here is the translation of the text:

Taisan approaches the withering Malakos, unsheathing his sword. Malakos will soon collapse.

And the scattered stone fragments on the ground rise up again.

[The lone, rotten Rich. Malakos has revived.]

Thud thud thud.

Taisan collides with his opponent's jaw, and his magic manifests once more just as it did initially.

Taisan dodges and observes his opponent.

[You have activated Surveillance.] [You have activated Essence Perception.] [Rich's life is hidden outside.] As long as Rich's life is not destroyed, he will continue to revive.]

"Is it Life Force?"

No matter how hard Taisan tries to crush the Rich in front of him, it means nothing. Rich's life is not here, but somewhere else.

And soon, Taisan will be able to locate its position.

The wall of the cave. A tiny gap.

Inside, something is trembling.

That is Rich's Life Force. Having pinpointed its location, Taisan can ignore the enemy in front of him and destroy it immediately, clearing 73 floors.

However, Taisan did not do so.

He dodges the surging magic and quietly gazes at Malakos.

The enemy in front of him continues to revive.
Here is the translation of the text:

It seems that I still have the memories of before my revival. It seems that I also had a certain degree of self-awareness.

"Is the Richian, before I destroyed it, infinite in its ability to revive?"

[Is that so?]

Then it's possible.

Tae-san gripped his sword.

First, let's grasp the situation and conditions clearly. Tae-san rapidly and mercilessly crushed Malacos again.

[The lone Richian, Malacos, has revived.]

And Malacos revives once more.

It's as if Tae-san, who is struggling in vain, is ridiculed, and he clashes his jaw.

Malacos seems to have a certain level of will and self-awareness.

[Malacos has activated the frozen world.]

The snowstorm is approaching. Tae-san jumps and recognizes the power contained in the frozen world.

The frozen world that Malacos first unfolded. It was exactly the same power.

This means that the power is not lost every time it revives.

Tae-san stepped back from the frozen world and manifested his magic.

[You have launched a starlight arrow.] [You have launched a magic concentration.]
Here is the translation of the text:

With the magic bullet, Taishan focused his magic. Since Malakos had responded with the shield of protection, Taishan launched a magical attack.

Will he respond in the same way this time?

Malakos grasped his staff.

[Malakos activated the Frozen World.]

Snowstorms arrived. The magic bullet shattered the snow, but the strength of the collision noticeably decreased.

[Malakos activated the Shield of Protection.]

Zhang!

As a result, Malakos was able to block the magic bullet with the Shield of Protection.

This is certain.

When Malakos revives again, he revives with the memories of the previous time. Unless the Life Vessel is destroyed, he can revive infinitely without losing any strength.

While reviving with all memories, he has a strong sense of self and will, and can mock Taishan's foolishness.

Taishan is certain.

Special activation skill. He can obtain the ability to copy.

* * *

Kaka!

After that, Taishan's movements changed.

Instead of focusing on defeating Malakos, Taishan tried to delay time as much as possible to draw out all of Malakos' strength.

By doing so, Taishan was able to grasp the magic used by Malakos one by one.
Here is the translation of the text:

In the frozen world, the wave of liberation, the iron wall of protection, the fiery furnace, the frost arrow, the magical determination, and the echo of the earth.

There were eight in total. After that, I continued to pressure him, but it seemed that he had already obtained all eight.

A ghost who was quietly watching asked curiously:

[What kind of skill will you get this time?]

The ghost watched as Taesan obtained numerous skills.

Attack nullification, addition, absolute judgment, absolute blessing, and so on.

Skills that are invaluable. He didn't obtain just one skill, but multiple ones. The ghost was shocked, but Taesan was enjoying the thrill of obtaining new skills.

[The condition is an enemy that can revive indefinitely. I think it's this one. After that, I'm not sure. Do we need to be a mage to deal with it?]

"It would be convenient to be a mage, but it's not necessary to be one."

Taesan replied.

"Copy."

[Copy?]

The ghost thought for a moment and asked:

[Is it copying an attack?]

"I'm aware of it."

[What's that. That's it.]
The ghost let out a fake laugh.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Isn't the concept of copying, after all, referring to taking in all the skills and effects of the attack? For example, an attack that activates the sword of valor would also be copied, right?"

Tae-san nodded his head.

The ghost shook his head, realizing that his guess was true.

"It's not even a real deal."

Tae-san was able to inflict over 10,000 points of damage in just one shot, using his transformation, addition, and the sword of valor.

This meant that he had doubled the effect without any conditions or restrictions.

The ghost was interested in the effect, but there was something else that caught his attention.

"What conditions need to be fulfilled?"

The skills of the labyrinth could be obtained by pulling the effects of the skills. Addition required using perseverance to increase attack power, and one had to continuously change one's attack to match the opponent's constantly changing defense, as if the opponent had no defense.

So, what conditions need to be fulfilled for copying?

The ghost had no idea what the conditions were.

"You'll get a feel for it when you look at it more closely."

Tae-san spoke briefly and continued to dash towards Malacos, who was casting a spell.