
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 345

345. 73rd floor, special skill activation. Copy (3)

[Marcos activated the resonance of the earth.]

Kuku, kuku!

The earth trembles. Tai Shan dodges the rolling waves of soil and takes evasive action.

Marcos rises into the air, targeting Tai Shan with a spell.

Tai Shan swings his sword to deflect the incoming spell and sends it back to the air. He then activates a space jump to fly towards Marcos.

Ka ka ka!

After a long battle, Tai Shan finally defeated Marcos.

[The lone rich man is now in a state of decay. Marcos has revived.]

Marcos revives once more. He mocks Tai Shan and casts a spell.

Tai Shan grips his sword and leaps into the air.

The ghost watches his movements with great interest.

[I'm not sure.]

Tai Shan has been fighting Marcos non-stop for a whole day.

Ka ka ka!

Marcos barely blocked Tai Shan's attack and took advantage of the opening. Marcos looks pleased, as if he is confident of winning.
Here is the translation of the text:

No matter how hard I watched, I couldn't figure out what Taesan was aiming for. In the end, the ghost gave up.

[Can you explain a bit? What are the conditions and how can we get them?]

"I don't know?"

[I can't feel it.]

The ghost was definitely strong. He had the ability and talent to tackle a labyrinth.

However, his strength was concentrated on swordsmanship.

The ghost couldn't analyze the various skills and conditions of Taesan. Taesan opened his mouth.

"It will be an opponent who can revive infinitely."

Kaka!

He shot a frost arrow and dodged the magical decision sword behind him.

"And, when it revives, it won't lose any strength."

[I understand up to that point. But I don't know anything beyond that.]

"And it will have a self. It may not be perfect or outstanding, but it will be able to make some judgments and make changes in combat to some extent."

[Self?]

"And when it revives, it will retain its previous memories. At least, these four."

There may be other conditions, but even Taesan didn't know about them. The ghost still looked puzzled and asked again.
Here is the translation of the text:

[So you can copy that, right? What's the condition for obtaining it?]

"It's to defeat an opponent once, and then defeat a revived opponent perfectly in the same battle."

The Taesan said. The ghost was taken aback.

["The same battle?"]

"Yes."

Immediately.

Taesan defeated Malakos. The scattered bones on the floor began to rise and take shape again.

["Even the final attack is not the same, and the battle itself must be the same?""]

"That's right."

From the start to the end of the battle. It will be perfectly copied.

That was the condition for obtaining the copy.

["What a thing."]

The ghost let out a hollow laugh.

["Is it possible?"]

Adding, absolute judgment, absolute blessing, and so on. The skills that Taesan had obtained until then were also nearly impossible to meet the condition.

Taesan overcame the impossible and obtained the skill. The ghost also gradually became accustomed to it and did not react much to ordinary things.

However, the condition for copying battles was something that even the ghost couldn't grasp.

["Battle copy? How did you do that?"]
Here is the translation of the text:

Taesan was able to obtain the skills because he minimized the variables, making it possible. In the case of addition, the opponent did not show any significant movement. All he had to do was adjust his timing and hit perfectly.

The puppet-like character, full of fear and trembling, would respond accordingly to the damage it received, like a machine. As long as he timed it perfectly, he could get the absolute judgment.

The absolute advantage was unrealistic as a condition, but once he grasped it, he could use the medicine and wait, making it not too difficult to obtain.

Almost all the variables were either non-existent or controllable by Taesan.

However, this time it was different.

Malakos had a self-awareness.

He could show different movements in response to Taesan's movements during battle, making it possible.

This element was beyond Taesan's control.

In fact, Malakos had shown different responses even when Taesan displayed the same movements many times.

[Can he be defeated with a single blow?]

"I don't know the exact conditions, but I'll have to compete for a certain level of harmony."

[Hmm.]
The ghost laughed sarcastically at the statement that one must always take into account the opponent's response.

"What's wrong?"

It was indeed more difficult and had more variables than when obtaining other skills.

However, it was not at a level where it was uncontrollable.

"I can get it."

Taesan spoke calmly and moved his body. The ghost did not say anything more than that.

Taesan judged that it was impossible for himself, but he had obtained such skills until then.

So, it was best to quietly watch and see. The ghost thought so.

Time passed.

Taesan continued to use Malakos and defeated it.

And in the process, he adjusted his movements slightly.

He deliberately slowed down Malakos to the extent that it could respond and created a gap that was just enough to be attacked.

Malakos attacked the gap without knowing anything, created by Taesan.

Three days passed.

Taesan, with the sword stuck in Malakos' chest, checked the state of his body.

His mind was not shaken. His muscles were not exhausted. His physical strength was normal.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's only been about three days of battle, and the energy consumption has been minimal."

"So then."

I've thoroughly understood Malacos in the past three days.

It's time to start.

The mountain has taken its first step. It's charging straight at Malacos.

The movement is too obvious. So is the countermeasure. First, I'll block it and see the situation.

[Malacos has activated the blazing vortex.]

The vortex is heading straight for the mountain's head.

The mountain lowered its stance, stuck its body to the ground, and ran straight ahead.

[Malacos has activated the tremor of the earth.]

The earth is sending waves, pushing against the mountain.

The mountain jumped up, using its feet to propel itself into the air.

As the mountain rose into the air, Malacos activated the frozen world.

Whoosh whoosh whoosh!

[You have activated the aerial jump.]

The mountain's body dodges the frozen world and rises even higher.

[You have activated the landing.]

The mountain's body is pulled down, and Malacos defends.

[Malacos has activated the shield of protection.] [Malacos has activated the wave of liberation.]

Kaang!

The mountain's sword collides with Malacos's shield and the curtain of darkness.
Here is the translation of the text:

And then, his body was pushed by the wave.

Malacosa brandished his staff towards the towering Taesan, which had risen into the air.

[Malacosa had activated the magical binding technique.] [You had activated the frozen world.]

Taesan had activated the frozen world.

Malacosa also activated the frozen world and blocked the remaining aftershock with a protective wall.

Kaga!

The battle continued. Each side was trying to find an opening and attack.

Tatatak.

Malacosa crashed his head against the ground roughly.

He was extremely excited at this moment.

The battle was unfolding exactly as he had planned. It was a sensation he had never experienced before in his life. The world above him was cheering him on.

Kaga!

However, despite this excitement, Malacosa fell. It was because he was unable to block the frozen world that Taesan had used after retreating with a limited blink.

Taesan jumped back and widened the distance.

[The lone Richie, Malacosa had revived.]

Tatatak.

The revived Malacosa struck his head against the ground with joy.

He was now confident of his victory.
Here is the translation of the text:

The adventurer in front of me was strong, but he didn't know where his life beads were. And as he fought repeatedly, he became stronger and stronger.

He could perfectly respond to the enemy's attack and even counterattack optimally.

This time, I could finally win. Malakos didn't doubt it at all.

And Taesan was the same.

"Let's go."

Taesan took a deep breath and took a step back.

Taesan's position was identical to his previous position in the previous battle.

As Taesan ran, Malakos raised his staff.

[Malakos activated his blazing sphere.]

Taesan dodged the incoming blazing sphere by lowering his stance.

Malakos scowled.

The enemy was approaching in the same way as before.

And the previous battle was extremely intense. If I had moved a little more efficiently, I could have won.

So, there was no need to move differently.

I would fight in the same way as before, and then turn the tables when it was crucial.

[Malakos activated the tremors of the earth.]

The earth trembled. Taesan leaped back to dodge the attack.
Here is the translation of the text:

Malakos thought quickly as the Taesan was flying towards him. What should he activate?

He couldn't block it with the icy arrow. Nor could he block it with the magical determination.

The opponent had the skill of aerial jumping.

First, he needed to use that skill.

In other words, the previous frozen world was the most optimal.

[Malakos activated the frozen world.] [You activated aerial jumping.]

The Taesan rose into the air.

In the past, he had pushed it back with the shield of protection and the wave of liberation. Malakos was planning to launch the icy arrow to break through the opponent.

[You landed.]

But the Taesan's body accelerated.

Malakos, who was about to launch the icy arrow, suddenly realized it was too late.

The Taesan's falling speed was extremely fast.

In the previous battle, he couldn't notice it because he was moving instinctively, but it was impossible to respond with an attack magic at such a speed.

And the power stored in the Taesan's sword was something that couldn't be blocked by a single magic, something he had learned through previous battles.

Ultimately, all he could do was defend.

[Malakos activated the shield of protection.] [Malakos activated the wave of liberation.]
Here is the translation of the text:

Two magic spells are activated simultaneously. Tai Shan's sword breaks through the steel wall and is repelled by the shockwave.

What is the best skill to suppress the opponent who is about to fall from the sky and rush towards you?

Malakos's mind was flooded with various skills.

Skills like the icy arrow or blazing ring are not very effective. The earth's resonance, being related to the earth, has no meaning against an opponent in the sky.

The frozen world is not suitable for the current situation, considering the battles with Tai Shan up until now.

The conclusion has been reached.

[Malakos has activated the magic crystal seal.]

At this moment, Malakos realized.

The flow of the battle was repeating itself perfectly, just like the previous battles.

[ Ah, ha.]

The ghost also suddenly realized.

Tai Shan was gradually revealing his weaknesses as the battle was repeated. He was deliberately avoiding Malakos's skills and creating openings.

[It was intended to guide him.]

Malakos had a sense of self and remembered the previous battles.

Therefore, when responding to Tai Shan's attacks, Malakos would recall his previous memories and move towards the optimal answer.
Here is the translation of the text:

In other words, Taesan can induce Malacos' movements in a specific situation by moving in a certain way and imprinting it, depending on how it has moved and imprinted itself in previous battles.

[I'm surprised again.]

The ghost didn't pay much attention to the hundreds, thousands of battles that occurred over the past four days.

Taesan designed each battle to understand Malacos' response and analyze the conditions to obtain the copied battle, which was the ultimate goal.

The entire four-day period was spent on this battle.

Malacos also became aware of it. He realized that Taesan had fought him over the past battles for this purpose.

He quickly made a judgment.

He could have moved differently from his opponent's intention.

He was a deep-seated adventurer. Although he is now dead and turned to dust, his talent and judgment have not disappeared.

Malacos gazed at Taesan, who was blocking his magical decision-making seal.

In the previous battle, Taesan had activated the frozen world.

This time, it was no different. Taesan activated the frozen world, as if waiting for Malacos' magical decision-making seal.

Malacos, who had decided to continue the battle with a different layout from before, grasped his staff.

However, Malacos realized something.

There was no other magic.
Here is the translation of the text:

The frozen world of Taesan, the frozen world, and the magical determination to freeze the world of Taesan could not stop. There was only one skill that could respond to the frozen world.

And the power contained in the frozen world of Taesan was stronger than his own frozen world.

To block this, it was necessary to activate the frozen world and block it with the shield of protection.

Then he could take the upper hand.

Malakos, who had the ability to step into the depths, knew. It was an optimal action that could neither be added nor reduced.

[You have activated the frozen world.] [Malakos has activated the frozen world.] [Malakos has activated the shield of protection.]

In the end, the same battle unfolded perfectly.

Malakos was shocked.

He was excited because the battle was unfolding as he had designed, and he believed that he could see a higher world without doubting. He thought that if he made a slight change to the battle, he could definitely win.

How foolish was that thought.

It was a very precarious defeat, and the result was that all other things were blocked by the opponent.
Here is the translation of the text:

The only movement he could make was one. Without knowing it, he thought the battle was going as he wanted it to. But in reality, everything was in his opponent's hands.

Instead, he was being analyzed by the Great Sage. He didn't know what to use, what to base his movements on, or what to gain from it. The power in Malakos' hand, which had held a staff, began to wane.

However, his hand still raised the staff. He was a monster of the labyrinth.

Until he fell, he had to fight against his enemies.

The Great Sage was about to rush forward, his body pressed against the wall. In the previous battle, he had used the land's resonance. Malakos wanted to use a different magic, but he couldn't.

This pattern had continued for four days, and all the magic he had used had been exhausted, except for the land's resonance, which had given him the highest probability of victory.

The Great Sage was aiming for the same battle as before.

To break this development, he needed to use a different magic, excluding the land's resonance.

But he had become a living corpse, a wizard who had reached the depths of his life.
Here is the translation of the text:

He, who had always chosen only the correct answer, could no longer choose an incorrect one at this point.

Malacosis activated the reverberation of the land.

Tai Shan was also waiting for his magic.

The battle continued.

And in a state where everything was exactly the same as before, the battle was gradually coming to an end.

You activated the starlight arrow.

The starlight arrow shot towards Malacosis. There was no time to use another magic. Even knowing the predetermined conclusion, Malacosis immediately activated the frozen world and the shield of protection. The shield shattered under the force.

You activated the limited blink.

Tai Shan moved behind Malacosis.

Malacosis wanted to respond somehow. He twisted his body and grasped his staff.

Even this action was identical to the previous battle.

You activated the frozen world.

Coldness enveloped Malacosis.