
Episode 36

36. 5th Floor, God of Victory. Balta Zaha (1)

The ghost had been grumbling ever since they first met.

Disliking him, speaking lowly of him, constantly asserting what kind of person he was.

Whether it was jealousy of the dead, it was uncertain, but at least it wasn't a good relationship.

But suddenly, the ghost's attitude changed.

"Since seizing the Lord."

Since then, he became quiet, and when Taesan asked him questions, he answered without military language. He no longer mentioned his greatness.

"Why are you doing this?"

[I just saw the possibility.]

The ghost said in a bitter tone.

[And it's also an atonement for myself.]

"Atonement?"

[Forget it. I'll help you with what you're going to do from now on. It won't be bad, right?]

It was a dwarf-like posture. It seems that there will be no answer even if the question is asked.

'...... Okay.'

When I asked for magic, Lelith's face wasn't very generous. Thanks to the ghost, it was easily passed.

Taesan joked
"If that's the case, will you teach me swordsmanship too?"

[With your current stats, I can't teach you. Normally, you'd have to reach the 10th floor at least to barely make it possible... but judging by your growth rate, yes, it might be achievable by the 7th floor. I'll teach you then.]

The ghost answered obediently. Taesan, who had expected him to refuse just as cautiously about his swordsmanship, was even more bewildered.

"What?"

Though perplexed, it wasn't a bad thing for Taesan as the ghost had said. Rather, it was good. If he cooperated fully, they could pass through many tasks.

Thinking good things were good, Taesan confirmed the reward. There was a weapon obtained while catching a warrior.

[Heavy Great Sword] [Attack Power +7] [Very heavy. Ordinary people would find it difficult to even lift.]

With an attack power of 7, it surpasses the sword of Rakyiratas. However, there was no intention of changing.

The weight itself is not a problem. If the sword that Taesan currently can't pick up is not the sword's shape, the problem was that the great sword was too large.
Here is the English translation of the text:

"More than double the size of Taesan. Restrictions arise depending on the situation or conditions. Generally speaking, Rakyiratas' sword was always better. It didn't make sense for a longsword to have an attack power of 5.

Still, it's a good weapon. With a higher attack power, there may come a day when it can be put to use.

And the reward for clearing the 4th floor.

[Ashen Wrist Guard] [Defense +5] [Sprinkled with ash. Doesn't seem to have any special meaning.]

"Huh."

Defense of 5 for the wrist guard. Comparable to the shield he's carrying. It wasn't a performance that could be dismissed as a simple clear reward.

Taesan removed the wrist guard he was wearing happily. The ghost, who had been watching silently, spoke up.

"That looks familiar."

"The Gatekeeper gave it to me."

He had given Taesan the wrist guard. Taesan had thought of it as basic equipment for the wrists. It had proven quite useful.

"Yeah. That stingy fellow did the same."

The ghost muttered quietly.

Taesan changed his equipment and checked. His current defense was now 19. Slowly but surely, it surpassed his attack power.

"Not bad."

He didn't pay much attention to it, but defense was also an important stat, so an increase was a good thing.

And ???."
It seemed as if finding the NPC led to discovering the secret room.

"[You have used ???]." "[Obtained an Inscription Scroll.]"

As expected, it was a satisfying reward.

"I've already obtained an Inscription Scroll."

Unlike staves, these were spells in a kind of buff form, named as such because of the Inscription Scroll.

[Inscription Scroll] [Empowers equipment with special abilities.]

Taesan used it immediately. They were hard to obtain on lower floors but quite easily found on middle floors. No need to save them.

Of course, they weren't without value. In these early stages, the value of a single Inscription Scroll exceeded that of equipment.

The equipment being used was naturally Rakyiratas' sword.

"[You have activated an Inscription Scroll on Rakyiratas' Ritual Sword.]" "[Rakyiratas' Ritual Sword] [Attack +5] [Recovers 5 HP upon target defeat.] [Has a chance to knock back the target on attack.]"

It now had a chance to knock back the target. Taesan, satisfied after confirming the added content, smiled.

Inscription Scrolls had random effects. They could imbue weapons with lightning properties or heal HP with each attack, among other effects.
Among them were effects that were almost useless, and even harmful to the user.

The knockback effect he obtained was close to a jackpot as it brought a favorable variable into battles. Given the abundance of formidable foes here, it belonged to the upper echelon of effects.

"As expected, secret rewards are good."

Since they could only be obtained by finding all the elements of hidden rooms and secrets, they were things that couldn't be obtained on the floors. That was why Taesan was willing to waste time to obtain them.

After finishing organizing, Taesan descended. The dwarf who was waiting looked surprised when he saw Taesan.

"Already here? You're fast."

"The labyrinth has changed."

"Ah, I was wondering what all the fuss was about. So Baltajaha messed with it. Well, if it's you, it's natural."

The dwarf, like the ghost, seemed resigned to Baltajaha's use of force.

The ghost said nothing. As if it were embarrassing, the dwarf also ignored the ghost.

"So what are you going to buy?"

"Yes."

Now a reasonable amount of money had been collected.
Still, combining the warrior rewards, it totaled 1,500 gold. Taesan also considered selling what he had.

"About how much is this?"

"About a thousand gold."

A thousand gold. That makes it 2,500 gold in total. The dwarf confidently opened a space and showed the items.

"My recommendation is this."

"Inventory expansion voucher?"

"...How did you know about this?"

The dwarf was surprised. Taesan confirmed what he had offered.

[Inventory Expansion Voucher] [Expands inventory by five slots.] [1,000G]

"I'll take it."

With twenty slots, Taesan was starting to run short. Since expansion vouchers were sold only at certain times, it was wise to buy them immediately.

Now, 1,500 gold remained.

Taesan reviewed the items.

There were better items available since descending to this level, but making a decision wasn't easy.

"It's all the same."

Buying something would only make a difference of attack power 1 or 2. Since he had already bought all the basic equipment, it was difficult to make a big change. Although an increase was an increase, something felt lacking.

As Taesan continued to check, something caught his eye.

A shimmering powder was contained in a transparent bottle, gleaming silver.

"Why is this here?"
Taesan was surprised as he examined it.

[Blessing Powder] [Powder said to come from fairy wings. Rumored to bestow blessings upon the user.] [500G]

It was certain. Taesan felt bewildered. The dwarf, noticing his expression, approached and held up the Blessing Powder.

"Were you looking at this?"

"Do you know what it is?"

"I have no idea either."

The dwarf shrugged.

"Fairy powder. There's a lot of talk about it giving blessings. But whether that's true, no one really knows. There was a guy who bathed in it to try to improve his luck and ended up with a cracked skull. It's oddly valued for such stories, making it expensive. But it's useless."

"And you're not sure?"

[Dunno. Never bought it myself.]

It was an unfamiliar expression.

"Of course."

In the previous world, countless players had bought Blessing Powder. The idea of receiving blessings was incredibly appealing.

But until Taesan discovered its effect firsthand, it remained a discarded item to everyone else.

Blessing Powder.

Its effect was a slight adjustment in probability.

"I'll take three."

"Huh?"
The dwarf looked surprised and stared.

"Are you really going to buy this?"

"Yes."

"I mean, I can't stop you, but... really? This thing has no effect at all?"

"It's okay."

It wasn't that it had no effect. It was just unknown to others.

"Anything else?"

"For now, three is enough."

He couldn't buy more. It was a pity, but this much would suffice. Soon enough, he would find a use for it. The dwarf looked at him strangely.

"Why are you buying that?"

But Taesan was satisfied. This would soon bring him something worthwhile.

Now he had spent all his money. There was no more reason to visit the store.

"Then I'll see you next time."

"Yeah. Come back."

The dwarf waved him off.

---

[5th Floor Quest Initiated.] [Defeat the boss on the 5th floor and proceed.] [Reward: Glorious ornamental sword.] [Secret Reward: ???]

At the same time, another window appeared.

[Valtazaha is pleased with your achievements. He looks forward to giving you a satisfactory reward.]
It was a subtle urge. Even the ghost chuckled upon seeing the system window.

"These meddlers trying to encroach on my territory. They really go that far. I am who I am."

"Is interference range really that important?"

"Important? Gods only know their own domains. For countless beings who have found this place, for brave warriors who faced their trials, for loyal followers who cry out their names, not using it is my domain. Offering paltry rewards packaged as something valuable. That's the way of the gods."

The ghost seemed to scoff at his words. But Taesan remained stern-faced. From his perspective, all the gods were trying to diminish their interference areas to do something for him. It didn't seem like such a big deal to him.

The ghost spoke bitterly.

"You're worth using because you have that much value. You can be proud of that."

"I'm not so sure about that."

He thought about clearing it for the reward.

Taesan arrived at the first room.

"Kururuk."

[An orc warrior has appeared.]

"First of all, he's a warrior."
The warrior raised his spear and charged straight at Taesan, shouting as he rushed forward. Taesan swung his shield.

*Kagak!*

The force felt beyond the shield was no less formidable than the boss on the 4th floor.

*Kang!*

Instead of immediately pushing back, Taesan waited a moment. Swords, shields, and spears clashed. Suddenly, the warrior's body was pushed backward.

"Kuruk!"

Despite his will, the warrior let out a surprised cry as his body moved involuntarily. Taesan immediately lunged forward and pierced his chest. The warrior forcefully pushed him away.

"Kururuk!"

Their weapons clashed again. Dividing the heat of their clash, once more the warrior was knocked back.

Taesan stabbed into his chest. The warrior fell. With fierce attacks and continuous strikes, Taesan swiftly brought him down.

"As expected, useful."

The effect of the Spellbook of Engraving. It pushed the opponent back with a certain probability. The sudden displacement could create a significant variable in battle, appearing roughly one out of every ten times.

If not for the spellbook, it would have taken considerably more time. The warrior indeed possessed such strength.
As he entered the 5th floor, he suddenly felt stronger. If the first one was this strong, the fifth, eighth, and tenth would truly be formidable.

"It's okay."

However, Taesan wore a pleased expression. Until now, he had been rather bored. Having only defeated one so far left him somewhat unsatisfied.

The stronger the opponent, the greater the rewards.

What matters is winning.

Taesan began to move through the room.