
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 361

361. 76th Floor, The Child of God's Blood (1)

Maria opened her mouth.

["The place you're going is the world of the God of Rules, Horai. The world where the apostle of the God of Rules reigns. Arbosea Randa. There, you will make your choice beside the one who has received God's blood. That is your task."]

"Can the transcendent being intervene?"

The world where the apostle of the God of Rules exists. Then, it was possible for the transcendent being to intervene directly. Maria denied it.

["I won't intervene. The rules of Horai bind even themselves. That's why I didn't even enter the labyrinth."]

Maria's voice contained a hint of ridicule.

["I respect the choices of all beings. Even if it's a path that leads to death, if it's their own will, then so be it. But sometimes, there are no choices to begin with. I really hate seeing that."]

Maria laughed and swung her power. Taesan's body began to move forcibly.

Taesan closed his eyes and prepared for the movement.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

A sense of the world being turned upside down overwhelmed him.

When he finally regained his composure, Taesan opened his eyes.

A vast forest came into view. The trees swayed, tickling his ankles, and the scent of grass was strong, piercing his nose.

The world governed by the God of Order, Horai's apostle. Arbosea.

He was now there.

* * *

First, let's get a grasp of the situation. Taesan gathered his magic and activated the realm detection of Lelazie. Information from all directions flowed into Taesan.

What he sensed was numerous small lives and nature.

"It's not a special world, after all."

A ordinary world that existed anywhere. It seemed to be Arbosea.

The first objective of the quest was to find the owner of the divine blood.

[He was sent right next to him.]

A small child was curled up and sleeping next to a tree.

The child, who seemed to be around twelve years old, looked very tired but didn't appear to have any external injuries.

The child was sleeping on the forest floor without any bedding, shivering from time to time due to the cold since the campfire
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"This quest didn't have any special information. Taesan had to figure out what kind of state the owner of the divine blood was in, what the trial was, and what kind of person the emperor was. He had to find out everything.

Instead of waking up the child, Taesan asked the ghost.

"What exactly is divine blood?"

The first thing he had to know was what divine blood was.

The only one who could handle divine blood was Helia. He forcibly activated the divine blood, gaining power and speed that could overwhelm Taesan.

"It's not ordinary power," the ghost said in a vague tone.

[I don't know much about divine blood either. There are very few cases, and most of them are oppressed and die.]

"Oppressed?"

[Let me tell you what I know. There are rare cases of people born with blue blood instead of red blood. They're called divine blood, and those born with divine blood are called the children of God.]

"Is it really the blood of God?"

[Is that not the case?]

The ghost's words lacked confidence.

[I can't be sure either. Because the children of God can't inherit their parents' power. On the other hand, even if the parents are ordinary humans, they can suddenly be born with blue blood.]

"It's unclear."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"There's no rule when it comes to the birth of a demigod, that's for sure."

"It's impossible to know if they really have the blood of a god," was the story.

Taesan asked the ghost.

"Why do they get persecuted? If they have the blood of a god, shouldn't they have immense power?"

"That's not it," the ghost denied Taesan's words. "Having the blood of a god isn't that convenient of a power."

"Of course, they're exceptional. They're born with talents that surpass others. But that's it. There's no special treatment beyond that. They're just ordinary humans, after all. That's why they get killed as the devil's child or chased out of town as ominous. Only a select few who are well aware of their abilities are revered and live a noble life."

"Helia was the latter, I suppose."

Thinking back, the skill he had was also a forced activation of his divine blood. He forcibly drew out the power of his blood to gain strength. It was a power that even deep-level adventurers couldn't fully handle.

Taesan gazed at the sleeping child, who was tossing and turning.

"I guess this child will also be persecuted."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It's probably like that. It's a sad story. Just because I was born that way, I chose to die myself."

After being tormented by people and losing all hope, the boy gave up on living. It seemed that way.

But Taesan felt something was off.

It was hard to put into words, but he had a hunch that it wasn't like that.

Taesan stirred the campfire.

A few hours later, the child woke up.

"Hmm..."

The child rubbed their eyes, looking tired, and got up. As they brushed off the dirt on their body, they finally noticed Taesan sitting by the campfire.

"......Who are you?"

The child's voice was still sleepy as they asked.

Taesan replied.

"An adventurer."

"......Oh. Are you a mercenary?"

The child looked back and forth between the campfire and Taesan, then bowed their head slightly. It was a polite gesture they had learned from someone.

"Thank you for taking care of the campfire. But please leave."

"Why?"

Taesan asked, and the child replied with a gloomy face.

"Because I'm a cursed child."

"So what?"

"What?"

When Taesan asked again, the child looked flustered. It was as if they hadn't expected that reaction.
$@$v=v1.16-rv2$@$"........I am a cursed child," said the child.

Taesan looked at the child with a skeptical gaze, and the child became even more flustered.

"Um... I am a cursed... child...," the child said.

"I don't care," Taesan said.

In fact, Taesan should have been by the child's side.

The child looked very flustered, with a speechless expression, as if trying to say something but no words coming out.

* * *

The child walked down the road.

The child's shoes were worn out, practically barefoot. Taesan looked at the child and raised his hand.

Creak!

The tree beside them bent.

The tree began to shave itself and transform into a small shape. The child's eyes widened at the sudden event.

Soon, the tree had transformed into a pair of shoes that fit the child's feet.

Taesan handed the shoes to the child, who received them dazedly.

"........Are you a magician? I didn't hear any incantation...," the child said.

"Something like that," Taesan said.

Of course, it wasn't magic. Taesan had cleared a spirit's quest and gained a strong influence over nature through a contract with the spirit king.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"If it were a storm without any will, it could be calmed with just one gesture. Making shoes by cutting down trees was simple.

But the child couldn't even imagine that. The child thought Taesan was a great magician.

'Thank you. But still, you have to leave my side. I'm a cursed child.'

'It doesn't matter.'

Taesan replied indifferently.

The child hesitated and put on the shoes.

The child's footsteps as they walked away looked quite comfortable.

'It's not an easy quest.'

The god of choice had given him a trial, and even then, he presented him with the most difficult situation. He favored him, but he wasn't the type to pamper him like a god.

The condition of the quest was that the owner of the divine blood would make the choice.

Even Taesan didn't know what that choice would be.

Above all, there were no external wounds on the child. Although they were dirty, their body was clean and unharmed.

If they had been oppressed like a ghost, it would have been impossible.

'For now.'

He gathered information.

Taesan followed the child from behind. The child kept glancing back at Taesan as they continued to move forward.

'Stop!'

And then, a group of bandits blocked their path."

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

They blocked the road, grinning from ear to ear, and shouted.

"This is the territory of the Claden thieves! If you want to pass, pay the toll!"

The thieves drew their swords. The child cautiously stepped forward.

"I'm sorry, but I don't have anything. Can I still pass?"

"If you don't have anything, then offer your body! What's with you?"

The leader of the thieves, a man, scowled and shouted loudly. But a tall, bald man behind him whispered to the leader.

"Hey, isn't that the kid...?"

"What about him?"

"That kid who's said to be cursed by all things..."

The bald man whispered something to the leader. The man, who had been silent, quietly asked again.

"The cursed kid?"

"His appearance is just as rumored..."

The leader's eyes widened in shock, and he waved his hand wildly.

"Everyone, move aside! Let him pass! Don't touch him!"

"Yes!"

The thieves immediately followed the leader's orders, moving with a fearful, hesitant motion, as if they would be cursed if they touched him.

The child quickly made a path to pass through, and the thieves hastily cleared the road.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The child walked by with a gloomy face, but seemed familiar with the surroundings.

"Did you see? Don't follow me. You'll get cursed."

The child whispered to Taesan.

Taesan didn't follow the child. The child seemed relieved and continued on their way.

After the child disappeared from view, the man let out a sigh of relief.

"Whew. I almost died. I hope I didn't get cursed."

"I heard that brief contact is okay, but... it's unsettling."

"Damn it. I should go to the temple and get a blessing or something."

"If the child is cursed, they'll probably refuse, right?"

"Even if I offer them money, they'll do something about it. But... "

The man looked at Taesan with a worried face.

"What's going on with you?"

Taesan didn't answer his question. Instead, he gazed after the departing child and muttered to himself.

"Does Shinhyeol have that kind of characteristic too?"

[Hmm... I don't know either. There's not much information about Shinhyeol, so it's not surprising if they have unknown characteristics.]

"I need to find out exactly what it is."

"Is this guy not cursed or something?"
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"'You said there was only one cursed child, so maybe we just happened to meet on the same path?'

'Then that's good.'

The man drew his sword again. He gazed at Taesan's attire with a greedy gaze.

'You seem to have a lot of money. Pay the toll. Or I'll cut off your arm.'

'That's for me to say.'

There was no need to use magic. There was no need to manifest his will.

A power that couldn't even stir up dust was enough.

Taesan snapped his fingers.

At the same time, a massive pressure crushed the bandits.

'Gasp, gaaah!'

They couldn't even scream.

They couldn't breathe, and their entire body began to tremble.

Taesan spoke calmly.

'I'll spare your life if you answer my question.'"