
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 363

363. 76th Floor, the Child of the Divine Blood (3)

"Huh? Huh?"

The child was unable to accept it.

Looking around the peaceful surroundings with a sense of unease, the child muttered to themselves.

"How can the forest...?"

Whenever the child stayed in a specific place for more than a day, a curse would be triggered. The spring would dry up, and the land would wither away. The only exception was the child themselves.

But now, even after a day had passed, the Rekresen showed no signs of change.

Life was still thriving.

"Hey, did Taesan-nim do something?"

"No."

Taesan shook his head. He had kept watch over the child all night.

But nothing had happened. The child's divine blood didn't go berserk, and the land didn't collapse.

"Huh? What's going on?"

The child was extremely perplexed.

"So, what about the trial?"

"Uh... the trial is just staying here for a day... I think we passed."

The child stammered out the words with difficulty.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The child couldn't calm down. Anyway, the trial itself was cleared, so Taesan took the child and moved again. As they walked, the child kept muttering to themselves.

"Why is this? Why didn't anything happen?"

"Is the curse really lifted?"

"No... it's not."

The child shook their head, denying Taesan's words.

Taesan looked at their own arm. The wound from the leaf blade yesterday had a blue scab instead of a red one.

"There's still blue blood flowing inside me."

The child's curse wasn't lifted.

Taesan didn't know either. They had expanded their senses to observe the change yesterday, but nothing had happened.

"Let's move on to the next trial."

"Ah, yes. Yes."

The child nodded their head, still looking puzzled.

As they walked, the child continued to mutter.

"This is weird. Even a few days ago, before I met Taesan, the curse was triggered."

The child said that they had been too tired from the long journey, so they had caught a cave and slept for a whole day. When they woke up and left the cave, all the surrounding plants were withered and dead.

"But why...?"

The child had a puzzled expression.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

They walked along the road, and night fell. The child leaned against a tree, muttering to himself.

"Why? Why didn't the curse activate in Rekresen?"

"I don't know."

Taesan handed the child some rabbit meat, which the child devoured hungrily, looking puzzled.

"Mmm..."

The child soon fell asleep, looking tired.

Taesan gazed at the sleeping child for a moment before pulling out a leaf from his bosom.

The leaf that had wounded the child's arm, still stained with fresh green blood.

What exactly was Shinhyeol?

He had to find out first.

[You activated Concentrated Detection.]

The detection power focused on the green blood on the leaf, and information began to flow into Taesan.

Taesan scrunched up his face.

Information about Shinhyeol was coming in, but he couldn't analyze it. Each character was jumbled up like a random text file, making it impossible to interpret.

Taesan used magical concentration to try detecting again, using both reconnaissance and essence comprehension.

But nothing changed.

The only information that came into Taesan was still jumbled and impossible to interpret.

"Hmm."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Although I couldn't get anything, this was one piece of information.

The current Taesan has an unanalyzable power.

It meant that there was a possibility that his power was above his rank.

[You are the Wind Spirit King. You summoned Minerva.]

"Hmph."

The wind quietly gathered, and a woman's figure was formed. Minerva, who had landed on the ground, looked around with a surprised expression.

"What kind of world is this? An extremely strong power is dominating the world."

She muttered, narrowing her eyes.

"Is it stronger than me?"

"Can you feel it?"

"I'm a natural being. There's no Spirit King here. In a world like this, my detection range is extremely wide."

Minerva closed her eyes, expanded her senses, and realized.

"Ah. Is this a world ruled by the transcendent's apostle? It's incredibly strong, like a monster."

"What level of existence is an apostle?"

She had encountered apostles several times before. However, most of them were not in their true state. The apostle she met on the gods' battlefield was forcibly granted power, and the forgotten goddess's apostle had forgotten herself. Fabsha's apostle, Malatesta, had descended using Taesan's body."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The only one who was comparable to the apostle of the gods, who fought alone in the previous life, was the original god itself, but it was difficult to compare because the gods themselves were distorted beings.

"It's ridiculous. A weak existence is barely holding on to the edge of mortality, and among them, a strong existence called a 'finger' can be stronger than an ordinary immortal. Looking at it from an average perspective......

Minerva gazed at Taesan.

"Is the current master at that level?"

"That's about right."

"Did the god directly use their power to create the apostle? It can't be weak, right?"

When you think about it, even the guide leaders who have reached the edge of mortality couldn't make a contract with the apostle.

It's not just that their values and actions didn't align with the gods' hearts, but it also means that even with that level of power, it's still insufficient.

It seems that unless you perfectly align with the gods' hearts like Taesan, you need to pass a very high standard.

"On the contrary, the master is amazing. It's unbelievable that they've reached that level in such a short time without even making a contract with the apostle."

Minerva, who was looking around, asked Taesan.

"So, what's going on? It doesn't seem like there's anything to fight about."

"I have something to ask you."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The mountain god shook the leaves stained with blue blood.

"How much do you know about the divine blood?"

Minerva, the spirit king, was born with the knowledge of the spirit king.

There might be something about the divine blood within it.

"Ah, that child has divine blood. This is the first time I've seen it directly."

Minerva gazed at the child with a sense of wonder and said,

"I don't know much about it either. The information I have about it is also rough."

There was information that didn't exist even in the spirit king's knowledge.

"It's extremely rare for it to manifest. Having divine blood doesn't necessarily mean having the power to surpass humans."

The information Minerva knew was not much different from the ghost's explanation.

"Does the person with divine blood also affect their surroundings? Like, they stay in a place for a day and it becomes desolate?"

Taesan explained the curse that the child was talking about. Minerva denied Taesan's words.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"That kind of thing doesn't exist. From the beginning, the divine blood is a power that ordinary humans can't interfere with, and if it's a power surge, it might be possible, but if that's the case, the caster wouldn't be okay. If it really went out of control, it wouldn't be just a place that would be destroyed, but an entire country would be wiped out."

A curse-like thing that a child says is impossible with divine blood.

Taesan organized the information.

"That's enough. Let's go back."

"Got it. I'll call you again when I need you later."

Minerva disappeared.

The child was quietly sleeping.

* * *

"This is the location of the next trial."

It was an extremely beautiful plain. The colorful flowers blooming like a rainbow were captivating people's attention just by looking at them.

As it was such a place, many people were sitting on the plain, enjoying the scenery.

The child approached them with a gloomy face.

"Excuse me... I'm sorry."

"What, what!"

The people who were leisurely enjoying the scenery were shocked to realize the child's true identity.

"What are you doing here!"

"I'm sorry. Due to the divine oracle's trial..."

"Damn it! You shouldn't have been born into this world! You're ruining our world!"

The people gritted their teeth and quickly ran away.

Only the child and Taesan were left on the plain.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The child sat on the plain with a very sad face.

"It's a natural reaction. This is a land famous for its beauty, after all. If I settle here, the land itself will wither away, so it's only natural to dislike it."

"How many trials are there?"

"There are seven in total."

The child gazed blankly at the plain, as if trying to capture the last glimpse of the scenery.

Then, the child suddenly looked up at Taesan, as if a thought had occurred to them.

"Why?"

"Ah, no. It's not that."

The child hesitated before carefully opening their mouth.

"Um... may I hold your hand?"

"Do as you please."

Taesan extended their hand to the child.

The child was taken aback, not expecting it to be accepted so easily.

"T-thank you..."

The child carefully grasped Taesan's hand, holding it tightly as if not wanting to let go of the warmth.

The child fell asleep, still holding Taesan's hand, with a soft, gentle breathing sound.

Time passed, and eventually, a day went by.

It was the time when the child's curse was supposed to take effect.

At that moment, Taesan could feel it.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Something was triggered from afar.

The power that manifested around the child was trying to realize itself in this world with a tremendous wave.

That power was composed of divine energy.

Boom.

Cracks began to appear on the earth. The power that was being realized was trying to destroy everything except the child.

Taesan raised his guard.

His powerful guard engulfed the space, forcibly suppressing the manifesting power.

The divine energy was crushed by Taesan's guard and disappeared.

The child was still asleep.

Taesan gazed beyond the space.

The one who was the master of the power that manifested around the child was not the child. It was someone powerful, far away, who was exerting their influence here.

"Is this it?"

The feeling was slowly taking hold.

The next day, the child woke up.

The plain was still in a beautiful state.

"……."

The child stared blankly at the plain.

The next trial was the same. The child stayed in one place for a day. Divine energy manifested from beyond the space, and Taesan crushed it with his own power. Therefore, nothing around the child was destroyed.

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"What's going on?"

That night, the child stared at the campfire and muttered to themselves.

"Why... why isn't anything happening?"

The child didn't know that the curse that was triggered by Taesan's power had been lifted. From the child's perspective, the curse had suddenly stopped.

It could be thought of as a simple coincidence once. But this was the third time. It was hard not to suspect something.

The suspicion that their own curse had disappeared.

The child wanted to believe it.

But they couldn't believe it.

Contradictory emotions tangled up the child's feelings.

"Ugh... ugh... ugh..."

The child cried, tears streaming down their face, and curled up into a ball.

"Why, why, why. What's going on... are you playing a trick on me... if it was going to disappear, it should have happened earlier..."

The child wailed. They cried until they were exhausted and fell asleep.

The sleeping child still held onto Taesan's hand.

Taesan stroked the child's hair with their other hand.

It had been years since this child had held someone else's hand.

The child had moved around with Taesan and shared many stories.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"There was not a single story related to parents among them.

It seemed like they were consciously avoiding thinking about their parents.

"Hmm."

Minerva said that even if she had divine blood, it was impossible for a child to curse like that.

And Taesan grasped the power that was manifesting around the child.

If the child stayed for more than a day, the divine power would manifest from beyond the space and devastate the surrounding environment.

There was someone watching the child with an intent gaze.

Someone was intentionally manifesting the curse.

Taesan let go of the child's hand he was holding.

[You have activated the Wolf's Authority.]

"I'll protect you."

The two wolves nodded quietly. As they were wolves created from Taesan's own spiritual energy, Taesan could immediately sense what was happening if anything occurred.

Taesan stomped his foot.

[You have activated the Leap.]

His body soared into the night sky.

[You have activated the Reconnaissance.] [Where should we go?]

"The place the child mentioned."

The cave that was devastated due to the child's curse.

That was the destination."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan arrived at his destination in no time. He had moved slowly to match the child's pace, but from Taesan's perspective, it was a distance that wouldn't even take a few minutes.

Tsk.

Taesan landed on the ruined land.

All the vegetation around the small cave had withered and died.

The lake was dry, and the land itself was dead, making it a place where no life could survive.

[You have activated the detection of the Leraje's domain.]

The magic that had ruined the land enveloped Taesan, informing him of the information it contained.

As a result, Taesan came to know.

"Land killed by someone."

This land had been devastated with a clear intention.

And within it, he could feel the power of the divine.

This almost confirmed it. Taesan opened his mouth.

"It's me."

Clank.

With a metallic sound, a golden knight emerged from the ruins.

"...... Warning you. You wretched unbeliever."

A scraping metal sound echoed.

"Get away from the cursed child at once. If not, the divine punishment will befall you."

"Who are you?"

"I am the first knight of the Emperor."

The knight spoke with a proud tone. Taesan gazed at the knight with a mixture of curiosity and caution.

The knight was extremely powerful.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It's not an empty threat. With that kind of power, I could have fallen from a 50-story building and still been fine."

"But you're twisted."

The power he possessed wasn't his own. It was a power granted to him by someone else.

"Get out of this world right now, you insignificant non-believer."

"What if I don't want to?"

Taesan replied.

The knight clicked his tongue and drew his golden sword.

"Then die by my hand."

In an instant, the knight's body vanished.

Even a skilled knight who had experienced countless battles couldn't keep up with the speed of an external existence that could kill before they could even react.

The knight believed that Taesan would be unable to do anything against his sword and would lose his life.

"!"

The knight was shocked. His sword, aimed at Taesan's neck, was being held by Taesan's hand.

The knight tried to pull out his sword in surprise.

But it wouldn't budge.

It was as if the sword was stuck deep in a rock, not moving at all.

"What the...!"

Crack.

The sword broke.

The knight quickly retreated. Taesan threw away the broken sword pieces and asked the knight.

"Why is the Emperor targeting the child of the divine bloodline?"