
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 372

372. The 77th Floor, a World on the Brink of Destruction (4)

"Is that the place?"

Malbre muttered to himself as he gazed at the abandoned city. From a distance, Malbre's eyes narrowed as he examined the interior of the city.

"What are those buildings?"

The first thing that caught his eye was the houses.

Small, sturdy-looking houses made of earth were scattered throughout the city.

And the abandoned people, who were moving about in a flurry, caught his attention.

Although they looked like they couldn't produce anything and should be emaciated, they seemed to have gained some weight. They looked dirty, but at least they didn't seem to be starving.

"It's certain."

There must be someone with the ability to produce.

"Those wretched things."

Malbre curled his lip in disdain.

He moved forward, with his subordinates following behind him. The people of the city were shocked by his appearance.

"What do we do!"

They were in a state of panic.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I've come to realize the harsh reality that I had forgotten in my pursuit of happiness. They had no power whatsoever. If they had decided to intervene from another group, they could have intervened as much as they wanted.

It was obvious why Malbre had come to this place. It was to take Taesan away.

"We must protect the God's Envoy!"

"We can't let them take him away!"

People shouted, brandishing their crude weapons. They desperately tried to resist.

However, there were also those who opposed this view. A man spoke quietly.

"Do we have a duty to protect that person?"

"What?"

"Are you saying we should abandon the God's Envoy?"

"No."

The man shook his head.

"It's the opposite. Saying we'll protect him is arrogant. Think about it. What if that person goes to another city and gets persecuted?"

The man's words made people pause.

Taesan's ability was incredibly powerful, a power that had never been seen in this world.

It wouldn't be used as a tool in another city. They would offer him all sorts of benefits and try to take him away.

On the contrary, it would be a loss for Taesan to stay here.

"It's rather our own greed that we're trying to keep him. That's what I think."

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

People couldn't respond to his words.

It was difficult to come to a conclusion, and people were bewildered and confused.

And Taesan slipped away from them and went outside the city.

"Ah."

"Your Majesty..."

People tried to grab him hastily, but Taesan had already escaped outside. Malbre, who had approached, discovered Taesan and lit up his eyes.

"Is that the guy?"

He had distinctive black hair and eyes. His attire was also neat, unlike someone who had been abandoned. Malbre instinctively sensed it.

"Are you the one who revived this city?"

"Yes."

Taesan replied briefly. Malbre examined Taesan.

There were no distinguishing features, and it was a face he had never seen before. He didn't belong to any other group. Therefore, it was likely that he was an outsider who had entered from outside.

"There are still survivors outside, I suppose."

Malbre's eyes widened slightly in surprise, and he opened his mouth.

"Your power is too precious to be wasted in a place like that."

Malbre extended his hand to Taesan.

"Come under me. I'll make sure you can live without any lacks in this ruined world."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Those who were abandoned were looking at him with anxious faces. Malbre didn't think at all that Taesan would reject his proposal.

"No."

Taesan replied briefly.

Malbre's face contorted in surprise at the unexpected rejection.

"What, no?"

"I don't plan to leave here. I'll stay."

The abandoned ones let out a sigh of relief and sat down. Malbre clicked his tongue.

"Why are you in a place like this? You're a fool."

They were people who used to be seen often in the world when it was still somewhat livable. They had powerful abilities, but they used them for others, not for themselves.

Malbre thought they were extremely foolish.

In this world, consideration for others was useless. What was important was oneself. That was clear just from looking at the results.

Those who had been concerned about others had all been caught and killed, while those who were like Malbre had survived.

Malbre thought Taesan was one of those people.

Malbre laughed.

It was a very foolish action, but thanks to that, it would be easy to manipulate him.

"If I kill the abandoned ones one by one, he'll listen to me."

First, he had to be suppressed. Malbre gave orders to his subordinates.

"Capture him without hurting him."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The executives smiled slyly and stepped forward.

The abandoned ones tried to rush out to protect the mountain, but the mountain blocked their way.

"Stay still."

"Ah."

The movements of the abandoned ones came to a halt, as if bound by an unbreakable command.

The executives launched themselves at the mountain.

The combined attack of the executives was so sharp that even Malbre himself couldn't easily defend against it. The mountain had the power of the production system, so its strength was weak. Malbre believed that the mountain would be unable to do anything and would be caught.

Malbre gazed at the mountain with a relaxed expression.

Even as the executives charged, the mountain didn't move.

A cold, detached gaze, as if looking at an insect, was directed at Malbre.

It was as if he was being stared at by a bug.

Malbre's hair stood on end for a moment.

His instincts screamed a warning. He tried to shout "Retreat!" but it was too late. The executives had already reached the mountain's vicinity. The mountain's fist moved.

Thud.

"Kuh!"
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The executives' bodies flew into the air with a scream. An executive who had flown all the way to Malbre's back stumbled and got up.

"What, what's going on?"

"It's not easy to adjust to not dying."

Taesan took a step forward. His physical body moved at an incredible speed.

The barely standing executives trembled and moved their bodies.

* * *

The power is overwhelming.

An invisible force envelops Taesan. Flames engulf everything, and a sharp blade pierces his chest.

Taesan moved his hand.

The blade shattered, and the flames disappeared. The invisible force was broken.

The abandoned ones also stared blankly at the scene.

"What is this!"

One of the executives screamed. It was literally overwhelming. Their power was being crushed to nothing.

"I've thought of a way."

Taesan muttered, roughly deflecting the executives' attacks.

What method could stabilize the contaminated land?

The answer came easily. It was the holy land.

The holy land, created by divine power, was something even Taesan could create now.

But the problem was maintaining it. The divine power would be consumed quickly, and the holy land would disappear soon after Taesan left.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Then, even after Taesan left, I had to create a sacred place that would continue to stabilize.

I knew the method.

It was the sacred place of the God of Regret that I had seen in the ruined world of the ghosts.

Even though the God of Regret had lost interest a long time ago, the sacred place was still being maintained by the faith of the believers.

If I created a sacred place that was maintained by people's faith, it would be possible to sustain it even after Taesan left.

Faith is based on people's beliefs. And the stronger the belief, the stronger the divine power becomes.

So, I firmly etched my power. Taesan drew his sword.

Kwa-jik.

"Kuh-huh!"

One of the executives' stomachs was pierced. Taesan kicked the corpse away, waving his hand to extinguish the flames and grasping his neck. He applied force to his hand.

"Oh, oh, oh!"

The abandoned ones let out a cheer.

The executives began to die one by one. Malbre's face turned pale.

"Wait, just for a moment."

Taesan was never weak. The movement he was showing now was far stronger than his own.

"What!?"

Malbre had the highest power among the remaining survivors."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"But his power wasn't that great.

During the time when monsters were actively invading, there were many people who had powers that surpassed Malbre's own.

However, all of them died in the end after fighting the monsters. That's why Malbre, who survived, was able to dominate the city.

And the power that Taesan is showing now is comparable to theirs.

'A survivor existed!'

Malbre quickly made a judgment. It was a retreat.

Damn it.

"Ah, this bastard...".

He abandoned his dying subordinates and ran away. One of the subordinates tried to curse him, but was killed by Taesan's attack.

'I have to escape!'

Malbre had always judged that he couldn't win, so he would retreat and hide in a safe place. It was the same when monsters appeared. Malbre wouldn't take the front line, but instead hid in the back.

That's how Malbre had lived.

But this time, it was impossible.

"What?"

In an instant, Malbre's body was lifted up by a strong pressure. His body was slammed into the ground.

Kwaaaang!

"Kek, kek!"

"Where can I escape to.""
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan, who had trampled on him, spoke nonchalantly. Malbre was shocked.

"......You mean they're all dead?"

Taesan grasped Malbre and examined him.

What was the special power they possessed?

[You have activated Essence Perception.]

Taesan, who had examined Malbre, was able to understand.

"Divine power."

Although it was just a faint residue that couldn't even be called a fragment, it was clear that the man's body contained the power of a transcendent being.

The reason was not difficult to infer.

The invasion of the gods was not easily blocked, even with the power of the gods. The fact that the God of Magic had given Taesan, who was relatively weak, a quest to stop the gods' invasion was proof of this.

In this world, it seemed that they scattered divinity among numerous humans, giving them powerful abilities, and then had them assist the gods.

"Can divinity be used in such a way?"

It wasn't just a specific individual, like a saint or a sage, who was granted divinity, but rather numerous unspecified people.

For the current Taesan, this was an impossible way to utilize divinity.

The more he knew, the more he realized that the ways to utilize divinity were endless.

"It's not that impressive, really."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Malbre's power wasn't that strong. If it were low-grade monsters, it wouldn't be a problem, but against B-grade monsters, it was at a level where it couldn't even resist.

It was literally just a meat shield.

[You're just a nobody who got lucky with power, that's all.]

I've obtained all the information I needed.

Taesan gave strength to his feet. Malbre, feeling the pressure, stumbled.

"Sa, save... me..."

"You've been killing people left and right until now, so accept it."

Taesan said calmly and finished it off.

Taesan returned to the city again.

The people who had been watching him in a daze suddenly erupted in cheers.

"Oh oh oh!"

"You're the god's messenger!"

"You've come to save us!"

Taesan looked at them.

A strong and deep faith was pouring into him, enough to cover his eyes.

* * *

The people began to worship Taesan.

Taesan provided them with food, built them shelters, and even purified the air.

And with his immense power, he crushed those who tried to oppress them.

He did all of this without asking for anything in return. To the people, it was like a saintly act, and their worship was only natural."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

In the midst of worshiping the great mountain, someone shouted.

"No! He's not just a messenger of God! He's the Savior who came down to save us!"

"Lord Savior!"

"Lord Savior, save us!"

People began to call the great mountain the Savior. They gathered daily to offer prayers to the great mountain. Their faith in the great mountain grew stronger and stronger.

But it was still not enough.

This was not enough to create a stable sacred land.

The great mountain, along with a few people, headed towards the city ruled by the red demon king. The city was in chaos, having lost its ruler.

The great mountain said that it had defeated Malbre and its subordinates, and now people were free.

People didn't believe the great mountain's words. But when they saw the great mountain creating food and houses, they began to believe. Unlike the abandoned ones, the people who had suffered under Malbre's tyranny had an explosive faith.

The people who followed the great mountain took the lead in praising its greatness. In an instant, two cities began to worship the great mountain.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

A deep and profound faith continues to gather around Taesan.

But it was still insufficient.

Taesan was thinking of one possibility.

"What if I were to receive worship from all humans on a single planet?"

Originally, it was an impossible task. Each planet had its own guardian deity, and it was nearly impossible to make all the diverse people living on the planet believe in one thing.

But this place was different. The main deity governing the planet had died at the hands of a high god, and only a few survivors remained.

As basic survival was at stake, it was possible that the planet's entire human population might worship a single deity.

[That's... even I don't know.]

The ghost also didn't know.

The faith of all living things.

That was Taesan's goal.