
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 394

394. The Sixth Return, Earth (11)

"Ah, ah, ah."

Light envelops her entire body. At the same time, a change occurs. The link connects with something, and the energy she possesses transforms.

"Ugh, ugh, ugh!"

She clutches her head in agony.

"What, what is this?"

Her head hurts as if it's going to crack. It's a headache she's never experienced before.

She desperately tries to regain her composure and endure.

But it's impossible.

It's not just a simple headache, but a mental pressure that's on a different level.

"Ah, ah, ah."

Her voice escapes her mouth. Something flows into her mind from within the headache.

It's a memory.

"...... Me?"

She forgets even the pain and opens her eyes wide.

It's definitely her.

It's a self she doesn't know.

Memories start to pile up like a castle, from the beginning.

"Ah."

Lee Tae-yeon trembles her body.

The self in her memories is descending into a labyrinth.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

She didn't receive help like herself, nor could she rely on anyone. She just went forward alone.

She cried out in fear, wanting to give up and feeling miserable, but she didn't stop.

She gazed at her appearance as if mesmerized.

It was beautiful.

Even though it was herself, she couldn't help but feel amazed.

Memories began to pile up and take shape. As they did, the her in her memories and the current her drew closer and closer.

And after the memories ended.

She became one.

"Ah... ah."

Her voice sank.

Lee Tae-yeon took a deep breath. Taesan scowled.

"You."

Lee Tae-yeon's atmosphere had changed somehow. It was a feeling that couldn't be seen in the Lee Tae-yeon until now.

And Taesan had a memory of feeling the atmosphere she was exuding now in her past life.

"...... Goodbye, Taesan."

Lee Tae-yeon smiled. It was a sorrowful smile, like she was wearing a mask.

"It's been a long time."

Taesan, who saw that smile, was certain.

"Are you Lee Tae-yeon?"

Lee Tae-yeon slowly nodded. It was a question that was too obvious.

But Taesan's question had a different meaning.

Lee Tae-yeon slowly affirmed.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Right."

"……."

Taesan scowled.

As Maria's gift was handed over to Lee Tae-yeon, it suddenly resonated with her. And Lee Tae-yeon regained her memories of her past life.

It was unclear what had happened. It was hard to find an easy answer.

At that moment, a laughter was heard.

A small, spreading laughter. It was Maria. Lee Tae-yeon quietly bowed her head.

"It's been a while... hasn't it?"

[Yes, child.]

Maria said with a laugh.

It was a familiar voice, as if she knew Lee Tae-yeon well.

Taesan gazed at Lee Tae-yeon with a puzzled expression. Lee Tae-yeon pressed her forehead.

"There must be a lot you're curious about... but I'm sorry. My memories are all jumbled up, and I can't get them straight either. Can you give me some time?"

It was a request that couldn't be refused, so Taesan agreed. Lee Tae-yeon sat down for a moment, lost in thought.

Left alone, Taesan opened his mouth.

"Maria, you... her..."

[How does it feel?]

Maria laughed, looking very pleased, as if she had been waiting for this day.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It's better to hear the answer directly from her, I think."

Taesan closed his mouth.

An hour later, Lee Taeyeon came to find him.

Her face, which had been organized and settled, was much more calm than before.

"You did it."

Those were the first words Lee Taeyeon spoke when she saw Taesan.

There was a mix of admiration, praise, and a hint of "it was only a matter of time" in her tone.

"I defeated the Sword God. It only took me six returns..."

"I've become stronger."

"Yes, you've become stronger. You were the correct answer. My choice wasn't wrong."

Lee Taeyeon murmured, her face filled with a sense of relief, as if she had finally put down a heavy burden.

"You."

Taesan scowled.

The Lee Taeyeon he met during the trial of the God of Despair was very different from what he thought. He knew that she was thinking a lot to herself and planning something.

But to think that she had regained her memories from her past life...

As far as Taesan knew, there were only a few beings that could escape the bounds of time.

"...A contract with a god?"

The link she had was a connection to a god.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

She had made a contract with a god and was slightly detached from the flow of time.

That was the conclusion he had reached. Lee Tae-yeon nodded her head.

"That's right. I'm the god of choice. I made a contract with Lady Maria."

"But you're clearly dead, though."

Taesan gazed at her corpse, and Lee Tae-yeon opened her mouth with a wry smile.

"Where should I start explaining?"

She explained slowly.

She knew from the beginning that she couldn't win.

She had constantly worried about whether to use the power of the Oroboros's jewel to turn back time.

But in the end, she couldn't find an answer.

Finally, she returned to the city to hand over the jewel to Taesan and collapsed.

"So, you were in the city."

Taesan was also puzzled about that part. Why did Lee Tae-yeon, who had left the city to fight and reduce damage, end up dying in the city?

It was all to hand over the jewel to Taesan.

She died there.

And her soul was summoned to Maria's realm through the power of the item Maria had given her.

She accepted Maria's proposal there.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"......Was it for me that you gave me the bouquet from the beginning?"

[What's this? I wonder what it is.]

Maria said with a pleasant tone. That alone was a sufficient answer.

[I like making resolute choices. I like overcoming crises and hardships with courage and strategy, without any deceit. But I don't dislike making uncertain choices either.]

Uncertain choices.

It's about Lee Tae-yeon.

[Self-reflection. Self-loathing and fear. And self-denial... Hiding many emotions and moving forward. More confidently than anyone else. For the sake of others. That in itself is a noble sacrifice. In this world, especially for someone like her, it's not easy to sacrifice one's life for others.]

"No."

Lee Tae-yeon denied Maria's words.

"I just... was afraid to go back to the labyrinth, so that's why I did it. It wasn't a noble choice like that."

She spoke with a bitter tone. Maria only smiled slightly, without saying anything more.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It's what you're thinking, isn't it? No matter what, I've taken a liking to you. That's why I made the proposal to you."

"I'm really grateful for that. Thanks to that... I can see you again like this."

Iteayeon gazed at Taesan.

Her gaze was filled with many emotions.

"What should I call you now?"

"Just call me Iteayeon. With Maria's help, my past life's memories have revived, and my current life's memories remain intact. If I had to say it, they've merged."

In her past life, Iteayeon always wore a mask and acted out a role, but in her current life, she had a weak personality, yet she didn't back down and had confidence in herself.

Now, she was caught in between.

Iteayeon shook her head with a gloomy face.

"I'm sorry, Taesan. In the end, I've pushed the responsibility onto you."

She was the only player who had cleared the solo mode.

She was someone who took responsibility for people.

But in the end, she had abandoned her responsibility and tried to push it onto Taesan and take a rest.

"You can resent me, despise me if you want. I'm fine with that."

"I don't think that way."

Taesan spoke calmly.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I didn't think I'd have to say this again, but..."

Taesan comforted Lee Taeyeon, whom he had met during the trial of the God of Despair.

But it was all just a fake created by his memories. It was for his own self-satisfaction.

However, the real Lee Taeyeon was now standing in front of him.

Then, there was something he had to say to her.

"I'm sorry, but I already knew what you were thinking and what mask you were wearing in my past life."

"Huh, really?"

"You did well. More than enough. You endured the pressure without breaking and supported us. We were able to survive until then because you were there."

Lee Taeyeon's eyes widened.

Taesan finished speaking.

"You worked hard, Lee Taeyeon."

"......Thank you."

Her voice trembled, and tears welled up in her eyes.

* * *

Because of Taesan's words, Lee Taeyeon's face looked more relaxed.

She had a lot of conversations with Taesan, pouring out her frustrations and saying all sorts of things, and Taesan listened quietly.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It was a pleasant thing for Taesan to see Lee Taeyeon searching for her past memories. Remembering a time that everyone had forgotten meant that she wasn't alone in doing so.

Lee Taeyeon waved her hand at the ghost.

"Hello?"

[Yeah. What kind of guy was I when you met me?]

"I don't know. I didn't meet you, and I just passed by because I was scared."

[……Well, you're a new type of adventurer I've never seen before. You've reached a higher level than me, so I can't say anything.]

The ghost let out a sigh.

Taesan tried to ask her about the next floor, but she shook her head.

"Sorry, but I can't answer that. When I made a contract with the gods, I was restricted from using my knowledge to influence the present."

Maria wanted to see the adventurers who were challenging the labyrinth. There was no reason to let Lee Taeyeon, who was using a cheat, go easily.

Unfortunately, it was an expected part, so she passed it by without much excitement.

"You said you made a contract with Maria as a god's apostle. Then, are you a god's apostle now?"

[That's not it.]

Maria suddenly intervened, speaking to the surprised Lee Taeyeon."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The flow of time is not that simple, you know. When I proposed the contract of the apostle to her, it was about the future from now on. That's why she has regained her memories, but her power remains unchanged."

"......Can't you get power until that time comes?"

"It's similar. The transcendent being is not affected by the flow of time, but it can't escape it either. In terms of the concept of time, when I first proposed the contract of the apostle, it was in the distant past. You know."

"Hmm."

Lee Tae-yeon tilted her head with a puzzled expression. It was a difficult concept for her, a mortal being, to understand.

"But it's not that important, but it's better for you to know."

Maria's quiet voice disappeared again.

"I don't know the details, but... as Maria said, my power remains unchanged."

"But I have memories of my past life."

Although she couldn't tell anyone, the knowledge she possessed was a great power in itself.

Tae-san asked her, "What are you going to do from now on?"

"I don't know."

She stared blankly at her hand.

"Tae-san, the reason I gave you the crystal was not only to save the world... but also because of my own problems."

She confessed as if she was making a confession.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I was too scared to go back down to the labyrinth."

With my life on the line, prepared to die, I ventured into the labyrinth alone. I was going back to that hell-like place again.

She couldn't make that choice no matter what.

But the current her was different. Lee Tae-yeon clenched her fists.

"I've become stronger."

It wasn't about physical strength, but mental strength.

"To be honest, I was surprised too. I didn't know I could go back down to the labyrinth like this."

Her past self had given up a lot and used shortcuts to clear the labyrinth.

But her current self, with the help of Taesan, was boldly breaking through the labyrinth head-on.

Her past self had not realized her potential.

"And, I'm not alone."

She looked at Taesan.

The only person who remembered the destroyed world. A comrade who had fought against destruction alongside her for an immeasurable amount of time.

She no longer had to suffer and worry alone. She didn't need to wear a mask anymore. She could move forward with Taesan.

That was salvation itself for her.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"You've done enough. I'll do what I can do. At least, I won't go down in the same way as my past life."

A strong determination was evident in her quiet voice.

Taesan and Lee Taeyeon, who had roughly finished their story, descended from the sky. Kang Joon-hyuk, who was facing her again, was puzzled.

"Sister, something's changed a lot, hasn't it? What happened?"

It wasn't just a change in her expression or tone. Her combat style itself had changed. Lee Taeyeon replied.

"There was a reason for that."

Taesan observed her movements.

Her movements in this life were mixed with those of her past life.

It was still rough, but it was her unique power.

When they meet again next time, many things will have changed.

And the time for return had come. Everyone gathered together, waiting for the return.

[The mage of the labyrinth and the administrator will have a lot of trouble when you go back.]

Maria said to Taesan, who was waiting for the return. Her voice was only audible to Taesan.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"You have reached the immortal's seat. That place is a kind of destination. The system of the labyrinth didn't expect adventurers to become immortals at the 70th floor, did it? It's going to be a headache."

Maria chuckled.

"Don't you think it's strange?"

"What did you say?"

"Only those who have their own domain, unaffected by the flow of time, can resist it. Since their domain is not affected by time, it's possible. In other words, even if you're an immortal, you can't resist the flow of time."

According to Maria, only those who transcend time can resist its flow.

"But the power you possess is unaffected by time, even if it turns back, you still have it."

Spiritual power increased.

Even though time turned back, the skill was still his.

"You haven't reached transcendence yet. You don't have your own domain. But your power is unaffected by the flow of time."

It was a very contradictory thing.

"And that power even steals the power of immortals and high gods."

It's not a transcendent power.

But it's unaffected by time.

It's a power that steals the power of high gods, which goes beyond the laws of this world.

It was a power that went beyond Maria's understanding.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Where does the path you're walking on end? I'm curious."

With those words, Maria's figure disappeared.

People started to return to the labyrinth one by one. Lee Tae-yeon nodded his head slightly towards Taesan.

"See you next time."

"Yeah."

Taesan replied.

With those words, he returned to the labyrinth.

[Monster subjugation bonus + 1,443] [Apostle subjugation bonus + 3,121] [Victory bonus + 775]

.

.

.

[Settlement complete] [5,876p will be paid.]

Note: "p" likely stands for "points" or some in-game currency.