
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 403

403. 81st Floor, Advanced Magic (3)

"Can Butler's magic be broken that easily...?"

A voice mixed with astonishment flows out.

Taesan didn't show any change.

His breathing, facial expression, nothing changed. The attack itself was like a child's tantrum to him, meaningless.

"......Our eyes were blind."

With just one test, they all realized. Taesan wasn't powerless, but they had reached a level that was beyond their comprehension.

They were all excellent magicians recognized by the God of Magic. They weren't foolish enough to deny what happened right in front of them.

"I'm in trouble."

After the test, Elia scratched his head with a embarrassed face and said to Taesan, who had returned.

"There was a reason why Lord Zelvand allowed advanced magic. I was stubborn for nothing."

"Did you guys suggest the test?"

"Yeah. Lord Zelvand originally had a different method in mind. But we strongly suggested it."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"They said they would test themselves against Taesan and see if he was worthy of receiving advanced magic.

Jervand accepted their request.

"But how did it turn out like this?"

Eliya gazed at Taesan with a wry smile.

"You're really strong. Much stronger than us."

"Is the test over with this?"

Excluding the old man, the seven magicians couldn't reach Taesan. But Eliya shook her head.

"No."

Her eyes didn't waver.

"Even if that's the case, we're magicians. We're curious, too. We want to see how far our magic can go against a strong opponent like you. We have to do our best."

They asked Taesan for time to design a test.

Taesan accepted their request.

As he spent time reading books, two days later Eliya took Taesan to the test room.

"Okay! This time it's my test!"

Her face looked tired from staying up all night, but her eyes shone brightly.

The other magicians arrived soon after. Butler was still recovering and stumbled, but he managed to sit down somehow."

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"My test is my magic. It's puppetry!"

She spread her arms, and two white puppets flew in and stood before Taesan and Elia.

"We're not fighting each other, but we'll make our puppets fight! And if you win, you pass! What do you say?"

"I don't know how to use puppetry, though."

"Don't worry! I'll teach you the basics."

Elia approached Taesan and grasped his hand. The flow of mana poured into Taesan's body.

Taesan read, analyzed, and understood it.

"Originally, it's impossible to do it this way, but you're much stronger than me. You can grasp the basics. If you focus on your mana..."

"Got it."

[You learned puppetry.]

"......It's fast."

Elia muttered with a disappointed face, thinking it would take at least an hour.

"So, what's next?"

"It feels awkward."

"Is that so?"

Elia smiled slyly and manipulated her mana.

"Then, let's start the test!"

The puppet flew in roughly. Its movement was extremely fast and powerful.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"A doll fight unrelated to the user's strength. Taesan, who had just learned doll manipulation, couldn't handle it properly.

His skills were overwhelmingly high, so he would get used to it quickly, but there was a high possibility of defeat at first.

But Taesan didn't think that way.

There was no restriction that only magic could be used.

Taesan connected his mana to the doll and said,

"Do it for me."

[You have activated the declaration of mobilization.]

The doll suddenly lifted its head.

Ku-u-ung!

The doll charged forward, faster and more violent than Elia's doll.

"What...what...what?"

Elia, who thought Taesan wouldn't be able to handle the doll properly, let out a bewildered cry without realizing it.

The dolls collided, and Elia's doll was instantly pushed back.

Elia hastily controlled her doll. The doll moved like a human, without any awkwardness. She was clearly an excellent doll user.

But that was it.

What was embedded in Taesan's doll was the immortal's command. The skills were different. Elia's doll was instantly destroyed.

"......I lost."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The magic that she had devoted her entire life to creating, her own unique magic, was shattered by a single word from Taesan. Her self-esteem crumbled.

After that, the magicians each tried to revive their own magic and took the test.

But none of them could reach Taesan.

The magician who controlled plants, Constria, took the test to stop the plants from penetrating Taesan's body.

The plants couldn't even touch Taesan's skin. The test ended in an instant.

The next magician's test was to block the condensation of pure mana.

Taesan simply waved his hand. The magician had gathered all his strength and built up his mana to the point of exhaustion, but it was all erased by Taesan's light movement.

"......Haha."

The magician let out a dry laugh.

It was literally a difference in level.

The magic they had created meant nothing to Taesan.

And Taesan also analyzed the magicians' magic.

Their magic was incredibly diverse and varied. Depending on how it was used, it could also be helpful to Taesan.

But the more he learned, the clearer it became.

"Your magic is inferior to Lord Zelvand's."

"......It hurts to hear that."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Elijah made a wounded face.

"You didn't ask how we think about our magic. I just gave an answer."

Their magic was certainly diverse and unique.

But that was all.

As a result of being too obsessed with trivial parts, the power of their magic decreased. Moreover, the versatility of their magic was also significantly low.

There was no value to be gained. Compared to the labyrinthine magic that Taesan learned, theirs was clearly inferior.

"It may be unnecessary advice, but it would be better to continue exploring Lord Zelvand's magic rather than creating your own."

They were certainly strong. Just looking at how Elijah naturally handled intermediate-level magic, it was clear.

They were magicians of a similar level to Shayian, who claimed to be a great magician.

If they had fought properly, they could have been a decent match for Taesan.

However, they were forgetting their own strength.

They were obsessed with their own magic, binding themselves to it.

"From the start, you can't learn advanced magic at your current level."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Even Shaiyan, who utilized the system and equipment of the labyrinth, barely managed to wield the ancient high-level magic. It was impossible for those of equal standing to wield high-level magic.

"Indeed, that's the case."

Eliya wore a wry smile.

She also knew deep down that what they were doing was meaningless.

But it was too frustrating.

No matter how hard they tried, the path to high-level magic was nowhere to be seen. As a result, the seven magicians chose to create their own magic as a way to escape.

"Did Lord Zelvand also know that and grant our request...?"

Eliya realized that the magic they created was ultimately just child's play to the strong, and that was the point of showing it to them.

She let out a dry laugh.

"It's not like we can be like the old man, after all."

It wasn't difficult to guess who she was referring to as "old man".

"You mean the master of this tower?"

"Yes. The magician who reached the pinnacle with their own magic, without learning from Lord Zelvand, who was present from the time the tower was built. That's also why we started creating our own magic in the first place. The person who actually achieved it was right next to us."

A magician who reached immortality with their own magic.

Eliya smiled wryly."
$@$v=v1.16-rv2$@$"Even if the magic you learned from Jerwand seems clumsy and inferior to you, that's not the case for your grandfather's magic, is it? Your grandfather's test will be a bit tough."

"I know."

Tae-san answered calmly.

The test continued. Naturally, it couldn't stop Tae-san's path.

As time passed, only two tests remained.

"This is my test."

A middle-aged man with a long beard pointed to a huge device.

"This is the essence of my magic, created with magical engineering. Try to make it work without damaging this machine."

The man said with a smirk. His face showed confidence that Tae-san would not be able to clear the trial.

Tae-san was indeed monstrously strong, but this was a matter of skill, not strength. Tae-san believed that without understanding the technology itself, he could not pass, no matter how strong he was.

And the man's prediction was correct. Tae-san had no knowledge of the machine's technology.

But the answer to how to operate and handle the device was all in Tae-san's head.

[Display of Tae-san's power. The machine has been activated by the king of machinery.]
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The mana flowed out naturally. The old man, who had been watching with a serious expression, suddenly stood up. Eli, who was standing next to him, was startled.

"Old man? What's wrong?"

"……."

The old man didn't answer. He just stared at the mountain with a fierce gaze.

"……How?"

A voice mixed with surprise and doubt echoed, and the mechanical device began to operate with a loud noise.

* * *

The mountain took a step forward.

It walked through the long corridor and opened the door at the end.

Thud.

A vast interior came into view. The ancient wooden floor and walls were visible.

The space itself seemed to have expanded, and its end was not visible. When I took a step forward, I felt a strong rebound from the floor.

"This is a space created by Lord Zerband himself. No matter how hard you try, it's impossible to destroy, so you don't have to worry about that part."

In the center of the vast space, the old man stood.

Holding a staff and wearing a gray robe, he gazed at the mountain with a calm, sunken gaze.

"Where are the other wizards?"

"They're watching from another location, so they won't get caught up in this."

The old man tapped his staff.

"I am Wira. Just Wira."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"He doesn't talk about his school. The reason is not hard to understand. To the old man who calls himself Wira, such distinctions were meaningless.

"What's the rule?"

"The seal of all powers except magic."

The staff points towards Taesan. A strong rule binds him.

[The activation skills [Strong Strike] have been sealed. The activation skills [Acceleration] have been sealed. The passive skills [Quick Judgment] have been sealed...]

The system window covers his vision.

Almost all skills except magic have been sealed.

"This is the test of the God of Magic, Zelvand. As long as you follow the rules of the test, you cannot escape the rule."

Taesan clenches and unclenches his fist. Because even his passive skills have been sealed, his overall sense is different from usual.

"What's next?"

"Make me escape from this circle."

There was a circle at Wira's feet that one person could enter.

"If you succeed, you'll pass the final test."

"I understand easily."

Taesan gathers his full strength.

The seven tests so far were just simple entertainment.

They had no meaning or value. Zelvand would also know that.

Yet, accepting their proposal was one thing."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The Magician Before My Eyes.

The mere existence of that being was enough to become a trial worthy of advanced magic.

Wiral gazed at the towering mountain with an unsteady gaze.

"What kind of being are you?"

"I'm an adventurer of the labyrinth, and one who stands on the same level as you."

"No. You're different. You're not the same as me in essence."

Wiral closed his mouth.

After a moment of contemplation, he shook his head and grasped his staff.

"Regardless, I am the examiner. Pass my test."

Kiing.

Power flowed out of the staff.

It began to dominate space and control the world.

"The magic I wield is extremely simple. What do you see this as?"

Wiral thrust his staff into the air.

A black dot appeared there.

"A dot."

"Yes. This is a dot."

Wiral then pulled his staff horizontally.

The dot stretched out horizontally.

"This is a line. It's created by extending a dot in a straight line."

Wiral then pulled his staff upwards. The line stretched upwards.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"This is a plane. It's an extension of a line in a vertical direction."

A black plane was drawn in the air.

"Points, lines, and planes. These three are my own magic and authority that I wield."

Wylard flapped his robe.

Mana began to engulf the world.

"Come. Immortal of unknown identity. Try challenging my authority."

[Wylard's authority is revealed. The dimensional definition is activated.]

Note: "위라드" is likely a proper noun, so I left it as "Wylard" instead of translating it. If you know the context or the correct translation, please let me know!