
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 410

410. The Will of the World of Half-Ran's Destruction (2)

Tai Shan received the quest of Half-Ran.

As a result, he has now arrived in the world of Half-Ran's destruction.

The world was not much different from before. It was still a world of grayish darkness, and nothing seemed to be alive. It was a world that was filled with death, just as it was described.

And in that world, Tai Shan sensed a gaze directed towards him.

A fierce enemy's intention and resentment.

The world's will was clearly aware of him.

However, unlike before, there was no unusual movement. It did not summon a storm to crush Tai Shan or destroy the earth.

It was as if it was gathering its strength, quietly waiting for Tai Shan.

Tai Shan headed towards the place where his strength was gathering.

Although it was a distant place, the distance was not a big problem for Tai Shan at this moment.

And after a short journey, Tai Shan arrived at the cave where the world's will was again.

Tai Shan took a step.

That single action caused the cave floor to collapse.
Here is the translation of the text:

As the body plummeted endlessly towards the abyss, Taesan activated his anchor. The body landed on the floor of a deep pit.

Taesan walked along the long corridor without hesitation, moving with a natural and familiar gait, as if he were taking a stroll through a familiar mountain path.

As he passed through the corridor, he arrived at a vast plaza, where a pure-white sphere was waiting. The sphere emitted a light that seemed like it was emanating from the sun, and Taesan could feel the planet's entire power and will.

[You have met the world.]

"Second time, I suppose," Taesan muttered. The world sensed a strong threat directed at him.

Die.

This was the world's declaration. An absolute will and command engulfed Taesan.

[Judgment in progress... [Judgment successful!]

There was no need to write the command. At this moment, the judgment was of no use to him.

"I'll see you again, I suppose," Taesan said calmly, drawing his sword.

The hostility sensed from the world grew even stronger.

When he first met the world, he was unable to block its attack properly. If there were no boundaries, he would have actually died there.

But now it was different.

Taesan infused his body with strength. Countless buffs were embedded in his body.
Here is the translation of the text:

[You have activated the Sadoha [dark and chaotic power].] [You have activated the King's Vessel.] [You have activated the Incarnation of Nature.]

...

[Your archenemy in your world has been activated.]

It does not show a judgment that victory is impossible or that victory is difficult.

Tae-san has risen to a position equal to the existence that destroyed Halfra and pushed himself to the brink of death with a single blow.

“Then I'll try.”

Tae-san unleashes his fierce energy. The world responds with an outburst of emotions.

Clap! Clap!

The square emits a loud, explosive sound and collapses. Tae-san leaps out of the falling debris.

* * *

Hoo-hoo-hoo!

The world's own power whisks him away.

The power he saw on the wandering planet on the 75th floor is different in itself. The falling debris whisks him away towards Tae-san.

[You have activated forced exclusion.]

An invisible shockwave bursts out from Tae-san.

The debris cannot withstand the shockwave and breaks apart, flying off in all directions.

“Isn't this place too small? Shall we move outside first?”

[You have activated random blinking.]

He marked a seal on the way. Thanks to that, Tae-san moved to the ground through random blinking.

Hoo-hoo-hoo!
Here is the translation of the text:

And soon the cave collapsed.

The planet's will, as strong as the sun, revealed itself on the earth.

Nature responded to the will. The air stagnated and the earth boiled over. The sky raged like an angry heavens. Kiying!

The Tai Shan revealed its divinity and protected its entire body. The world followed its will and nature followed its intention.

Tzee jei!

The distant mountain range collapsed.

Countless rocks and soil clumped together and took the shape of a massive thorn.

Thus, the thorn, formed in this way, charged directly towards Tai Shan.

The mass of the mountain range, condensed physical power. If it was allowed, it could even pierce through the planet.

But it was not just simple physical power. There was also the will of the world. The power that had driven Tai Shan to the brink of death was contained within.

However, Tai Shan did not back down.

After looking at the thorn approaching him, he grasped his sword with both hands and held it high.

And just as the thorn was about to reach him, he struck it down.

Kuku ku ku!
Here is the translation of the text:

The body, unable to withstand the physical force, is pushed back. But it doesn't collapse. It gives strength to its legs and firmly withstands, and then gives strength to the sword.

Wahah!

The thorny vines that had condensed into a giant mountain were scattered in all directions.

It was a feat that shattered the world's power with pure strength alone, without any skills.

"You can't kill me with such a stupid method."

The Great Mountain shook the sword. The world, which had been motionless for a moment, began to move.

The great nucleus, like the sun, collapsed.

In the remnants of the collapse, something in the shape of a human appeared.

It was a pure white, like a divine being.

That was the will of the world.

[It was the concentrated power itself.]

The appearance of the great nucleus was not suitable for the Great Mountain, which was as small as a grain of rice. Therefore, the world had changed its form to match the Great Mountain.

The world raised its hand. At the same time, the energy was concentrated. It was no longer just a matter of size, but an accurate assembly of power aimed at the Great Mountain.

The Great Mountain responded to the force that was being pushed towards it. The power of destruction shook the world.

[You have triggered the call of destruction.]

The dark power appeared on the scene with a loud roar.
Here is the translation of the text:

As soon as this happened, the world was enraged. It was as if it would not tolerate such a thing in its own world, and it unleashed its power once again.

The matter began to collapse and the space began to distort.

Mount Tai did not stop moving. It put its foot down towards the earth that was trying to swallow it up.

[You have activated the magic stacking.] [You have activated the earthquake.]

The earth exploded. After that, Mount Tai deployed the three shields it had stored in its memories and activated the mana storm. The storm that was sweeping towards the world was getting stronger and stronger.

The world was trembling with fear.

At the same time, the air, the earth, and everything that made up the world gathered together in a whirlpool. Another storm that was opposing the mana storm clashed with it.

Kaga kaga kaga!

[Ah, no.]

The spirit let out a groan as if it was exhausted from being swept away by the storm. It was different in terms of power, scale, and intensity from the wandering planets like that.

This was the world itself.

Mount Tai was not giving in to such an opponent at all.

[You have activated the Decarabian distorted vegetation.] [You have activated the skill acceleration.]

Kururun!
Here is the translation of the text:

The roots summon themselves. The world is immediately shaken, but the roots that have engulfed the space do not easily retreat.

[You have activated limited blink.]

And then, Tai Shan seized the opportunity to focus the world's power. He quickly moved forward in the form of a human.

[You have accelerated.] [You have activated skill acceleration.]

He infused power into the sword and struck directly.

The world has gathered its strength. A defense imbued with determination is implemented.

But it's irrelevant.

[You have activated absolute judgment.]

The defense itself is erased.

The white body suddenly trembled, looking like it was startled.

The moment Tai Shan's sword was about to strike, the body dispersed.

And then, it appeared in a different location.

The escape method itself was not particularly surprising. This place is, after all, the opponent's territory, and it's possible to cross over space at will.

The important thing was that it had avoided.

He didn't ignore the attack, but rather avoided it.

This means that if it hits, it would cause significant damage.

He will gradually conquer the world one by one.

The world has also realized that it cannot win against Tai Shan if it continues like this.

Therefore, the world has made a decision.
Here is the translation of the text:

The world lifted its hand. At the end, a small blue light force cohered into a bead.

In that small bead, I felt a deep force that I had never felt before.

The world sent the bead flying.

The bead flew towards Tai Shan and exploded just as it reached the vicinity.

This was the power of the wind.

The explosion of the wind's power that had been condensed to its limits destroyed everything. Tai Shan responded the moment the bead flew towards it, unfolding a defensive magic and triggering a calamity's spark to counter its power.

Ka-ching!

But the wind forcibly extinguished the spark and tore apart the defense.

Despite taking defensive measures, the power was too strong to defend against.

In the end, it allowed a blow from the rushing sword.

[Your first attack has been rendered ineffective.]

Tai Shan quickly retreated and quietly surveyed the remnants of the wind.

The power contained within was stronger than any power the world had shown so far.

It was not just a simple powerful force.

Tai Shan realized what kind of power it was.

‘Authority.’
Here is the translation of the text:

Transcending Mortality, one possesses their own strength.

Keying!

A bead has been reborn again. This time, it was a brown bead. The bead flew towards Tai Shan and exploded.

Kuku Kung!

Numerous rocks simultaneously burst forth.

Tai Shan drew his sword.

[You have activated the Collapse.]

The skill obtained by passing the trial of the god of collapse, which affects the collapse of everything that comes into contact with the sword.

[You have activated the Windstorm Dash.]

The sword whirls like a storm. The flying rocks collapsed and failed to reach Tai Shan.

Keying!

The effect of the bead disappeared at the same time, and the bead flew towards Tai Shan again.

However, Tai Shan threw his body towards the bead instead.

Before the bead could manifest its power, it collided with Tai Shan and exploded with a loud noise.

[Your second attack has been completely nullified.]

The attack nullification has been activated. Meanwhile, Tai Shan grasped the power contained in the bead.

"This is it."

It appears that the power of the world is contained within the bead, which has the ability to condense the world into a bead form and burst it open.

That's the power of the world.
Here is the translation of the text:

It was clear that he had a strong ability. Among the skills possessed by Taesan, there were many ways to block this without harm.

However, there was also a possibility that it didn't exist.

"If this is all, I won't be able to win."

Various methods appeared in Taesan's mind.

Partial world transformation was not possible. Negative magic was the same. There was no material left to use.

The boundary was not suitable for the current situation.

The opponent had a spatial movement avoidance technique.

And, judging from the way he handled the beads, it seemed impossible to use multiple ones at once.

So, what was the optimal action?

To neutralize the power of the beads and emit a power that would cause harm to the world.

Just as the answer emerged, Taesan took action.

[You have activated the darkness of the Astral's sleep.] [You have activated the shining blue light barrier spell.]

Wrap your body in darkness to reduce damage and protect your body with the barrier spell.

[You have activated the spell stacking.]

The stacked spell was predetermined.

[You have activated the Great Collapse.]

Kuku kuku country!
Here is the translation of the text:

As the mana condenses, the concrete manifestation of collapse appears in the world.

The world is rapidly manipulating the beads. Tai Shan did not stop it again.

[Your third attack is absolutely invalid.] [You have triggered a catastrophic collapse.]

Ggggguuguu Nation!

The power is condensing again.

A strong burden is starting to weigh on Tai Shan's body.

[1,233 damage to you.] [2,312 damage to you.]

Although you can block the damage to some extent using magic, black magic, and absolute protection, damage still enters.

One more time.

[You have triggered a catastrophic collapse.]

Zzizz.

Space is torn apart.

A dark and deep collapse is manifesting in the world, absorbing even light.

"Ugh."

Tai Shan has taken a breath.

Although the aftermath of the collapse is still draining my strength, I am not at a level where I cannot withstand it.

However, in the moment when the catastrophic collapse is stacked, the world sensed something unusual.

The power contained within is a power that can destroy this world. The world instinctively realized this.

It must be blocked. The world has gathered all its strength to create a bead.

Kiying!
Here is the translation of the text:

The bead was shimmering with a multicolored glow.

The concentrated power of the entire world, the very essence of the world.

If this was the case, even the power shown by the mountain deity would be enough to block it. The moment the world was about to send the bead to the mountain deity was.

[You activated the Copy.]

A new bead was born.

A bead that crushed everything without any warning or power resonance, and another one was implemented.

The scene was completely devoid of reality, and the world froze.

And that was not the end.

[You activated the Ring of Distorted Mirrors of Regret. You reset the cooldown of Copy. You activated Copy again.]

A new bead was born.

The three beads of destruction were implemented in the world.

[…What is this.]

The ghost couldn't speak.

"Okay, block it."

[You activated the Magic Release. You activated the Absolute Judgment. You activated the Shield of the Holy Child.]

The three beads that crushed everything advanced, crushing everything.