
Episode 42

42. 6th Floor (4)

[Lee Taeyeon [Alone]: Um, so if you take off all your armor and let yourself get hit, isn't that where the damage comes from?] [Kang Taesan [Alone]: Did you understand that well?] [Lee Taeyeon [Alone]: ...Is that some kind of crazy talk? It doesn't make any more sense than holding out, does it?] [Kang Junhyuk [Alone]: How did you figure out a skill like that? That's even more amazing, isn't it?]

* * *

"Kak."

Taesan folded his arms and waited quietly. The Lizardman didn't seem to be surprised.

"Annoying."

Since there was no provocation skill, he had to wait until he was attacked. Taesan stood quietly. The ghost muttered in a vague voice.

[Are you trying to get this skill?]

"You did something similar, didn't you?"

Taesan once showed how to obtain a forced duel. However, the ghost still seemed uncertain.

[No, but seriously, I don't get it. Is there a reason to take off your armor? And you have to take hits in this state?]

Even the deep-seated ghost had never heard such a story before.
Here is the translation of the text:

[이렇게까지 해서 얻는 스킬이 있다고? 나는 못 들어봤는데. 강제 결투야 그럴듯하니까 그러려니 하는데 이건 뭐야?]

"So there's a skill you obtain by doing this much? I've never heard of it. Forced duel sounds plausible enough, so I let it pass, but what's this?"

“있으니까 가만히 지켜봐.”

"It's there, so watch quietly."

태산이 물끄러미 리자드맨을 바라봤다. 리자드맨이 결심한 얼굴로 창을 쥐어 잡는다.

"Taesan watched the Lizardman silently. The Lizardman gripped the spear with a determined face."

“칵!”

"Kak!"

발을 박차며, 태산을 향해 찌른다.

"He kicked off and thrust towards Taesan."

태산이 창의 끝을 본다. 빠른 속도지만 전부 보인다. 태산이 팔을 펼치고 전신의 근육을 긴장시킨다.

"Taesan sees the tip of the spear. It's fast, but he sees it all. Taesan extends his arm and tenses the muscles of his whole body."

스킬은 쓸 수 없다. 순수한 몸의 움직임만으로 대응해야 한다.

"He can't use skills. He has to respond purely with his body's movements."

창이 태산의 팔과 닿는다. 살갗 끝을 파고든다.

"The spear reaches Taesan's arm, digging into the flesh."

통증이 느껴지는 순간 태산이 팔을 뺐다.

"As pain sets in, Taesan pulls his arm away."

리자드맨이 멈추지 않고 더더욱 창을 들이민다. 살을 누르며 팔뚝을 베어내려 한다.

"The Lizardman doesn't stop and thrusts the spear deeper, trying to cut through the flesh."

한계까지 몸을 흘린다.

"He stretches his body to its limit."

힘의 방향으로 몸을 움직인다.

"He moves his body in the direction of the force."

숨결이 닿을 거리에서 펼쳐지는 공격 전부를 회피한다.

"He dodges all attacks that come within breathing distance."

아주 미세한 실수라도 있으면 그대로 꼬챙이가 되겠지만, 태산의 몸에는 작은 실선만이 생길 뿐. 큰 데미지는 일어나지 않는다.

"Even if there were slight mistakes, he only gets minor scratches on his body. There isn't any significant damage."

이윽고 데미지 창이 뜬다.

"Eventually, the damage notification appears."

[당신에게 20 데미지.]

"[You receive 20 damage.]"

방어구를 벗은 상태에서 50 데미지가 나올 일격이, 20 데미지밖에 나오지 않았다.

"Despite being without armor, an attack that would normally deal 50 damage only inflicts 20 damage."
Here is the translation of the text:

The skill "Evade" doesn't forcibly reduce damage; it forces you to narrowly avoid taking damage instead. There is clearly a difference in damage between evading and taking a hit properly.

At the same time, the system window pops up.

"[You have only received half of the damage. You have acquired the special activation skill [Sturdy].]"

Along with Sturdy, the skill Taesan desired appears.

"[You did not lose any health from the first attack. You have acquired the special passive skill [First Attack Absolute Nullification].] [Huh?]"

"Kak!"

With a surprised voice from the ghost, the Lizardman thrusts his spear. Taesan calmly stares back. This time, he doesn't even attempt to dodge.

It was the moment the spear touched Taesan.

"[Your First Attack Absolute Nullification has activated.]"

The attack is nullified.

The force behind the spear vanishes. The Lizardman's body returns to the state just before thrusting the spear.

The ghost is astonished as if time had reversed.

"Wait. What is this?"

"Kak, kaak?"

The Lizardman also hesitates and looks at his spear. He definitely thrust the spear, but it returned as it was. It was as if the act of attacking itself had been erased.

He has acquired a skill.
Taesan drew his sword and swung it. The dazed Lizardman was cut down just like that.

"Kaaaa......"

[You have defeated the Lizardman with a spear.]

His skill that had been used until the very end. First Attack Absolute Nullification.

He could acquire it much faster than he thought. Taesan murmured satisfactorily.

"I should thank Raki Ratas for this."

[...First Attack Absolute Nullification.]

The ghost belatedly realizes the meaning and lets out a bitter laugh.

[What a crazy skill.]

* * *

[Special Continuous Activation Skill: First Attack Absolute Nullification] [Nullifies the opponent's first attack. This skill can only be used once per battle against the same opponent.]

It was very simple. Since it was labeled as absolute, proficiency didn't matter and thus didn't exist.

Absolute Nullification.

Literally, regardless of the opponent's attack, if it was the first attack, it was completely erased.

[There are skills like this? Forced duels were amusing enough, but this is even funnier.]

The ghost's voice was filled with wonder. It truly had that much capability.
Usually, there are many who aim to finish off their opponents with the first attack, regardless of whether they are monsters or players. They spare no effort in using skills and their own strength.

They can completely erase that attack.

As it can make something that doesn't exist, it is impossible for the other party to respond. It could be seen as a kind of reality manipulation that can forcibly gain an advantage.

Moreover, it's not an activated skill like dripping. It's a constantly active skill. Unless the opponent already knows about the existence of absolute nullification, it's impossible to devise a strategy against it.

However, the ghost was more surprised than that.

[How on earth do you know about this kind of skill?]

Taesan calmly replied.

"I've tried it."

There is no information about the skill. Even for very basic skills, such as securing sight or penetrating, no one talks about information for higher skills. There are no free rides for what one has obtained with difficulty in the labyrinth.

In the end, they have to find the skills themselves.

One thing is known. Skills are obtained when the effect is similar.

For example, when facing multiple opponents and choosing to engage in combat with only one.

For example, when endlessly blocking damage leading to death.
For example, when you receive an attack that would deal damage but end up taking no damage at all.

In such a situation, you can obtain a skill.

It's a concept of prediction. It's the realm of possibilities. Whether such a skill can be obtained or not is unknown to anyone. Mistakes could lead to death or peril.

Usually, it stops in the realm of imagination.

But Taesan tried it himself.

Countless tries. And errors.

Copying. Adding. Brief time stop. Absolute judgment.

All were skills obtained in this way.

"The difficulty was really something."

Skills with overwhelming performance usually require passing through contradictions.

Absolute nullification of attacks was one of them.

He received damage, yet had to pass through the contradiction of not receiving damage.

The ghost chuckled.

"If you didn't have that barrier, you probably wouldn't have been able to get it, right?"

"I did struggle quite a bit."

Indeed, in his previous life, he had gone through hardships. If the difference in level with the opponent was too great, he couldn't obtain the skill.

He had to confirm hundreds of times where the narrow margin lay, and after thousands of tries, he could finally achieve it.
So even in this life, much later than expected, thanks to Rakyratas, he could significantly shorten the time it took to obtain various skills.

A shield is not a judgment of health. When obtaining the first Absolute Nullification of Attacks, it was judged that his health did not decrease.

As long as there was a shield, it was Taesan's judgment that it could be obtained without much difficulty, and that was correct.

As much as forcibly reducing the opponent's damage, he could naturally obtain robustness as well.

[Special Activation Skill: Robust] [Mana Cost: 15] [Next target's attack damage is halved.]

Similarly, because it was a fixed judgment, there was no need for proficiency. Despite the high mana cost, it was a good skill that even hard mode players could not easily acquire, as it reduced the absolute value of damage.

"Hah. Did you do all that to get this? Are you going to descend now?"

"No. Not yet."

"There's more to gain?"

"This is the first Absolute Nullification of Attacks."

There also exists a second Absolute Nullification of Attacks.

Taesan drew out the blade of self-harm and pierced himself.

[Using the Blade of Self-Harm. Your shield has been restored.]

"As expected."
The shield doesn't judge your health when you take a hit, but it does when it recovers. It was convenient in many ways.

The shield returned to 35. The ghost, understanding Taesan's words, responded hesitantly.

"I get what you mean now. This skill is truly insane. But is that really possible? You just took 20 damage, right?"

The shield was at 35. Despite absorbing damage up to its limit, it took 20 damage. It's impossible to block two attacks.

"So that's how it is."

Taesan took out Blessing Powder from his inventory.

[Blessing Powder] [Powder said to come from fairy wings. Rumored to give blessings to the user.]

An item that neither the ghost nor the dwarf knew the effect of.

Its effect is a fixed probability.

Taesan sprinkled all three Blessing Powders over his body.

Then he proceeded to the next room and encountered a Lizardman.

"Kahak!"

The Lizardman thrust his spear with a cry.

The first attack is nullified outright.

Surprised, the Lizardman thrust his spear again.

Here's where it gets real.

Like before, Taesan moved his body to the limit and evaded.
Along with dotted lines appearing on Taesan's body, a damage window pops up.

"[You receive 17 damage.]" "[Huh?]"

The ghost is surprised at the significantly reduced damage compared to before.

"Could it be the Blessing Powder?"

There are several judgments in an attack.

Hit judgment.

Evasion judgment.

Defense judgment.

Among others, these three were the most fundamental.

Among them, random judgment also existed.

When receiving damage, a 10% proportion is completely randomly applied.

For a 30 attack, between 27 and 33, the outcome is entirely determined by pure system luck.

It was a consensus that this couldn't be controlled.

However, Blessing Powder involves fine probability adjustments.

Random judgments are also included there.

Using three or more overlapped guarantees that the lowest damage is taken from random judgment. After more than half of the people have left the dungeon, Taesan discovered this information.

He evades the second attack.

"[You receive 18 damage.]" "[Your health doesn't decrease in the second attack. Special permanent operation skills [Second Attack]
He obtained it. Taesan dealt with the Lizardman. The ghost burst into an eerie laughter.

"Really, you obtain it through all sorts of methods?"

* * *

[Special Permanent Activation Skill: Second Attack Absolute Nullification] [Nullifies the opponent's second attack. This skill can only be used once per battle against the same opponent.]

Complete immunity until the second attack. With this skill, one can be assured of victory against opponents of the same level. Absolute nullification, like Endurance and Forced Duel, was a main skill.

"The skill itself is amazing, but it's also amazing how you obtain it. Why wouldn't Blessing Powder have a damage reduction effect?"

"Countless challenges and experiments."

"Oh, I see."

The ghost chuckled.

"Yeah. It's the second attack, after all. It's reasonable. Even considering that, it's amusing."

He seemed to have a suspicion. There was no reason not to know by now. You couldn't go deep if you were that stupid. Taesan sighed heavily as he had expected.

"I've already obtained it up to the second time."

Barely the 6th floor. Except for the shield, he hadn't used any tricks.
Taesan obtained up to the second attack absolute nullification from his previous world.

It was achieved after countless tricks and numerous challenges, and even that was quite fortunate. Even if he tried again, he wouldn't be able to obtain more than up to the second attack.

But now, Taesan has a shield.