
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 413

413. 82nd Floor, Remegaton (2)

"Why did you come here?"

The demon's face contorted with a mixture of confusion and annoyance, asking the question. His tone was different from that of other demons. He looked down on them, but in front of him, he seemed to show a weak boundary.

"As I listened to the story, it seems like it's going to be a bit of a hassle, so I'll say it."

Baal spoke calmly.

He gazed quietly at the mountain.

"Didn't you talk loudly? You talked so much that it's hard to ignore, and it's only natural that I'm interested too."

A faint smile appeared on Baal's face.

"So, I decided to meet you once." [You.]

The demon's face twisted in anger.

The air was suddenly suffocated.

The intangible pressure enveloped Baal. Even if he were an immortal being, he couldn't be free from this pressure.

"What are you thinking?" [What are those kids up to? They're making a boring joke. I want to crush it, but as a great demon, I can't intervene directly. So, a suitable existence is needed.]

Baal pointed to the mountain with his finger.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Instead of other evil spirits, I, the Great Evil Baal, will test my existence. It will substitute for the trials of this layer.]

[... ...]

[Don't worry too much, Lucifer. You're a created being. What you've been worrying about is to find the right trial. If I were you, I wouldn't create a trial that's worthy of your worry. As long as we have a contract, I cannot lie to you.]

[You can hide the truth. How many times have you been hit on the back of the head by me?]

[Nothing. It's just a trivial joke, isn't it? This time, I declare it's the truth.]

Baal spoke lightly, like an old man soothing a child.

[Oh, joy.]

The devil blew his nose.

[Do what you want. You can trust me more than other evil spirits, can't you?]
[That's great.]

Baal smiled like an old man and went back into the corridor.

[Wait, and I'll come in when I'm ready.]

With that, Baal's presence disappeared. The devil spat.

[What a nuisance has appeared.]

"Who are you?"

The existence was strong.

It was difficult to determine the exact strength, as the level of the mountain was too low, but it seemed to be different from the devil's strength, even if only faintly felt.

Most notably, the type of power was alien.

This was an existence closer to a high-ranking being than a transcendent being.

The devil answered the mountain's question.

[Great Evil. The master of all evil spirits.]

"Is the master not you, devil?"

Note: Baal is a figure from the Bible and is considered a god of evil in some traditions. Lucifer is a fallen angel and is often considered the ruler of hell. The story appears to be a fantasy or supernatural narrative, and the characters and events are not meant to be taken as historical or factual.
Here is the translation of the text:

Of course, I made a pact with demons, allowing them to borrow the power of black magic from the demon lord. However, demons are quite stubborn and can't be controlled by just relying on power. Even if I try to dominate and control them, they won't listen. It was then that I received help from the great demon, Baal.

The demon said:

I don't know what kind of deal it was, but it was a betrayal of the old demon and siding with me. As a result, other demons also cooperated with me during that process.

"...You betrayed the old demon?"

The old demon. Now, he is known as the High Demon.

The existence of the underworld made the old demon into their god to defeat him. That was the general flow that Taesan knew.

However, demons were also involved in that process.

[I don't know why this guy betrayed. Even if I ask, he won't answer. Anyway, Baal cooperated with me to manage demons and make a pact with the demon lord.]

The demon scowled.

I received a lot of help when I became the god of the underworld, but I also played a lot of dirty tricks. That's what I'm saying.

"That's true."

Baal's attitude towards the demon seemed playful, but there was a reason for it.

[I'm a nuisance, but I'm better than the other demons. If this guy puts me to the test, it won't be a trivial test.]
Here is the translation of the text:

Mashi allowed Baal's intervention.

Now I can enter the tunnel. After Tai Shan stood at the entrance of the tunnel, he asked Mashi, "You look very similar to Goshin."

The power of demons was also similar, but Baal was particularly so. It was difficult for Tai Shan to distinguish them as they were now.

"What's the difference between them and us?"

[It's something you have to confirm yourself. Go and conquer it. And get what you want.]

Mashi said with a smile.

Tai Shan nodded his head and inserted his body into the tunnel.

As he felt the gazes of numerous demons, Tai Shan arrived at a vast space.

Above him was a red sky.

Below, there was a ruin that had been devastated. There were also several spirits visible.

"What's this?"

Tai Shan's expectations were different. Five existences were standing in the middle of the ruin.

And he didn't feel the power of demons from them.

They were ordinary humans, not demons.

* * *

[Kekeke! It's here again! Too many!]
Here is the translation of the text:

The sound of a sharp, ear-piercing cry was heard. Tai San turned his gaze towards it. There, a life form with large eyes that seemed to be staring at him was seen, accompanied by the wings of a small bat.

"You too have the power of Regenerations, don't you, foolish human?"

Tai San nodded his head. This one was different from the others who were present.

"Are you a demon?"

"Yeah! I'm a subject of fear for those who are mortal, and I possess great power as a demon!"

The demon said proudly.

"Let's go that way and wait! We'll test our qualifications when everyone gathers!"

"What kind of qualifications are you going to test?"

Tai San had not heard anything yet. The demon's wings fluttered wildly, as if it was annoyed.

"Shut up! Shut up! Don't ask me questions! You should only follow my orders!"

"That's not okay."

"You, you, you."

The demon's eyes rolled back and forth.

"I need to get my mind together!"

The demon's words ended abruptly, and its power enveloped Tai San.

A dark and deep darkness. The curse enveloped Tai San's entire body, pressing down on him.

"I won't kill you, I'll just mess with your mind a bit, okay?"

The darkness invaded Tai San's mind. It shook his brain and swallowed it whole.

It wasn't bad.
Here is the translation of the text:

Like the devil's words, the mortal was powerless to resist. However, that was not all.

The mountain was enveloped in darkness. The devil let out a loud, thunderous laugh.

"Shut up."

[Ah!]

The mountain shook its head. The darkness scattered like a burst of light.

The devil's neck was grabbed by the mountain.

"I wish you would answer my question."

The mountain whispered softly, releasing a portion of the bound power, focusing it to a level that wouldn't be perceived at a distance.

The devil let out a blood-curdling scream, shouting frantically.

[Say anything! I'll answer everything!]

"Okay. Are you also a devil?"

[Yes! Yes! Although I don't have a name or domain, I am a devil!]

"You're too weak."

Objectively speaking, it was a considerable level of power.

Even if it was a boundary-crossing existence, it was not an easy power to overcome.

However, that was not all. It was not a power that transcended mortality.

Mortality and immortality. The gap between the two was something that could never be bridged, and so it did not pose a threat to the current mountain.
Here is the translation of the text:

"There are certainly strong ones too. Those who have a name and a domain are incomparably stronger than us."

"Are there different types of devils?"

The demon said that there were only 72 devils with domains. It seemed that most of the other devils were at this level.

After finishing his summary, Tai Shan asked:

"Okay. You too, right? Those over there also possess the Remegeton, don't they?"

"Yes! All those fools over there are like you, possessing the Remegeton!"

Only Tai Shan doesn't possess the Remegeton.

The Remegeton is for making a direct contract with devils. Six such individuals had gathered here.

"What exactly are you doing here?"

"This is a place where you challenge yourself to ascend to the devil's domain!"

"What?"

Tai Shan scowled.

"Ascend to the devil's domain? Is that possible?"

A devil is a being that is almost divine. To be able to withstand it, one has to surpass mortality.

However, those over there couldn't surpass mortality, no matter how hard they looked.
Here is the translation of the text:

It was those who stood right below the boundary. Of course, they were strong enough on their own, but they couldn't match the power of the devil.

[I don't know either. I'm just a messenger of the devil who has designated this region, so I'll just follow.],

The unnamed devil spoke cautiously, as if he didn't know any more information.

"That's fine then."

[Thank you!],

The devil bowed his head to Tai-san and flew away far away.

Tai-san followed him and approached the other five.

When Tai-san approached, a man with a long, unkempt hair and a pale face approached quietly. His face was as white as new snow, and his hair was tangled like a newly built house.

"...".

The man didn't say a word and stared at Tai-san. Then he extended his hand.

"... handshake."

Tai-san gazed at the hand for a moment before grasping it firmly.

The man was taken aback for a moment but slowly shook hands.

In the midst of the handshaking, a wave of power flowed into Tai-san from the man's hand.

It was a wave of power that shook Tai-san's entire body and tried to grasp his strength.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, the power of detection was blocked by the sheer scale of Tai Shan, and it couldn't enter Tai Shan's interior.

"...Ah?"

The man's face suddenly stiffened. He reflexively pulled his hand back.

"...You."

"You're a trash."

The old man behind him opened his mouth.

"I'll admit that you've concealed your power perfectly, but you've allowed others to touch you too easily. Such a person cannot survive here."

Tai Shan gazed at them.

The gloomy man and old man were humans. The remaining three were demons.

And they didn't hide their powers.

Like a show, they scattered intense magical aura around them.

"You're openly displaying your powers."

"Why do you need to hide it? This power is a proof of myself. There's no need to hide or mean it."

The old man spoke confidently.

"I am a great demon. I have a contract with Decarabia and handle dark magic. I am Edan."

Decarabia. Tai Shan also knew the name of this demon.

Primary dark magic. Decarabia's distorted cultivation. He had been using dark magic effectively until now, as its master.

"Is that what you're thinking?"
Here is the translation of the text:

He had made a contract with a specific demon and mastered black magic. It seemed that this was the gathering of black magicians who had made such a contract. Eitan asked bluntly.

"Who is the demon you've contracted with? A coward who hides his strength won't dare to say it, but I'll ask it as a courtesy."

"Is it a contract?"

Tae-san thought.

If you really want to nitpick, it was a demon, but not a demon. Tae-san shook his head.

"It doesn't exist."

"What?"

Eitan's face contorted.

Just as he was about to say something, the space around him split.

[Everyone gathered.]

The great demon Baal revealed himself. He looked calmly at the black magicians who were staring at him in confusion.

[I am the great demon. I am Baal. Nice to meet you.]

"Ah, Baal is it?"

The black magicians trembled with fear and bowed their heads.

The name Baal was known to every black magician. The pure and absolute ruler of evil from the beginning of the world. The one who stood above all demons.

It was unimaginable that his existence would manifest directly. Everyone was terrified and trembled with fear, unable to even look at him.

Only Tae-san was staring straight at Baal.

Baal spoke languidly.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Honestly, I don't like you guys."

Black magicians swallowed their saliva.

The fear of death gripped them.

"But as a great evil, I cannot stop the desires of the devils. If you and they have agreed on this, I will not intervene."

Baal spoke, smiled slightly, and looked at the mountain, then continued to speak.

"The six existences that possess the Reemegeton are mine. This is my trial. If you pass this trial, you will be able to occupy the devil's throne and control the domain."

The eyes of the black magicians lit up, filled with strong desire.

"This is my trial. Now, the dead devil, Belial. Survive in the abandoned domain and seize Belial's throne."

[Sub-quest starts. Baal, the great evil, has challenged the owner of the Reemegeton to a trial. Belial, the devil, is dead, but the domain he possessed remains twisted. Break through it and seize the throne in Belial's castle.]

[Reward: Devil's throne and domain.]