
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 416

416. 82nd floor, Remegaton (5)

Everything I can get here, I've already gotten.

Taesan judged so and moved quickly.

Quack!

He swung his arms, and the small creatures that were rushing towards him like locusts were scattered to the side.

There was no need to use magic or dark magic. He could have pierced through it with just his physical body.

As Taesan walked forward, a ghost asked him a question.

[You said that the skills you obtained in your previous life weren't this, so what's left to obtain? Have you gotten everything you can get?]

"That's not true. There are still very powerful skills left."

Multiply, pause time, initialize designated skills.

It's possible to upgrade basic skills by hitting the essence, but it's unclear when you can obtain these three skills.

The conditions for obtaining these skills were extremely demanding. They were more demanding and alien than any skill Taesan had obtained so far.

Just looking at the fact that I couldn't find a floor that meets the conditions after clearing over 80 floors, it's clear that...

'Will the condition-satisfying floor appear before I clear it?'
Here is the translation of the text:

He couldn't be sure. Even without giving up, the possibility seemed small.

And even if the same conditions were given, he couldn't be sure if he could obtain the skill to that extent.

Most of the skills obtained by Taesan were like that, but these three skills required something simpler, not just experience and judgment.

It was just luck.

No matter how perfect the plan was, no matter how well he responded to all variables, if luck was not on his side, he couldn't obtain it. Even if he went back in time and tried again, he couldn't be sure if he would succeed.

"What should I do?"

He didn't give up. The value of the skill was too great for him to give up.

However, just because he had tried hard and met the conditions in the past didn't mean he could obtain the skills.

Taesan cleared his thoughts and moved forward.

As the small obstacles piled up, Taesan's impatience grew, and he waved his hand in frustration.

[You have activated the frozen world.]

Tzeee!

The magic engulfed the devil's world. The servant of Belial, who was standing beside him, hastily covered his body with his strength.

Kwaddeuk.

"Ahh!"
Here is the translation of the text:

The cold air was breaking his strength. Shijion was desperately gathering his strength, barely managing to block it.

"...".

Shijion's eyes were shaking nervously.

Taesan was using his skills lightly, as if to get rid of annoying things.

However, he himself had to defend with all his might.

"...Who are you?"

Shijion asked in a trembling voice. He couldn't help but wonder. Taesan was at the same level as his master, an immortal.

"An adventurer."

Taesan replied casually.

"Well, please answer quickly. When you said that the other contracting parties had the qualifications, you were secretly mocking me, weren't you."

Shijion's body trembled. A shock was visible on his face.

"How...?"

"It's not important."

Shijion thought he had perfectly concealed his emotions.

However, Taesan, who had the skill to read the intentions of all living things, could even read the emotions hidden within him.

This was ridicule and mockery.

He was disdainfully looking down on those who were unaware of their own dignity.

"It's like saying they're not qualified for it."
Here is the translation of the text:

The demons had allowed the contractors to enter the realm, and it was deemed that they had met the qualifications. However, Belial's messenger was confident.

They do not have qualifications.

"...That's unnecessary talk. They don't have qualifications."

The messenger looked at Taesan with a stern gaze.

"And that's the same for you. I acknowledge your strength, but that's a separate matter."

"Don't be too aggressive. If I become the master of this place, you will become my messenger, right? Please, just tell me."

"...?"

Taesan said with a jest. The messenger's face contorted in displeasure, and he seemed to want to stop talking. He suddenly stood up and left.

"Okay, I'm gone."

He couldn't be chased, but Taesan didn't care.

"There are a few speculations, but..."

Since Baal had directly acknowledged that he could obtain the realm, it was likely that the realm could be obtained.

However, he did not say that it could be obtained normally.

The distance to the mountain was not far. Taesan took a step forward.

"Ah, ah, ah!"
Here is the translation of the text:

The old man clenched his teeth and kicked his foot. The ground shook and thorny branches sprouted out. He hit those tiny things that couldn't be seen with the naked eye.

But they didn't disappear. They bounced back to the ground, stumbled and got up again, running wildly.

"What's going on?"

The old man was furious.

He barely managed to cross the ant hill and then, tiny Belial's minions poured out, countless as the sands.

Although they were numerous, each individual was incredibly powerful.

Even if they used all their strength, they couldn't be defeated.

A gloomy man raised his trembling hand. A fierce wind blew, sending the minions flying.

The old man summoned a root and created a path.

They quickly made their way along the newly created path.

After running for a while, they finally managed to escape from the minions' attack.

"Hah! Hah!"

The four contractors panted and caught their breath. The old man ground his teeth and glared at Halid.

"You!"

"Why's that?"

Halid spoke calmly, his face showing a relaxed expression.

The old man's anger boiled over.

"You're wasting your time and one of you has died! Why did you do such a thing?"
Here is the translation of the text:

When Bellial's subordinates were blocking the way, Harley clearly acted strangely. He had added the succubus to his black magic as the target.

The succubus, which was not cautious, was pushed away and disappeared into the subordinates.

Harley smiled quietly.

"What are you saying? Why are you blaming me? Shouldn't you be grateful to me?"

"What, what?"

"What? You should be grateful. We are all competitors. Only one of us can become a demon. By eliminating one of them, I'm even more grateful."

"That crazy thing."

Harley's words were not wrong. They were all competitors. The relationship between them was fragile.

However, at least, they had agreed to combine their strength to break through this place.

And it was Harley who spoke first.

A gloomy man spoke quietly.

"...First of all, a cooperative relationship. If that's broken, I won't be able to trust you."

"Don't trust it."

Harley spoke calmly, with a bitter smile.

"But if you're going to reject me, someone will definitely die. I have enough power for that, don't I?"

"Ah."
Here is the translation of the text:

"Although it was a blatant threat, none of them could deny it.

Hagrid was definitely stronger than them.

The difference was not big, but it was not small either.

And Hagrid had accumulated a significant amount of strength as he came this far, giving him a leeway over them. Even if they combined their strength to fight, they would likely suffer a great deal.

In the end, they had to advance together and seize the opportunity.

"'The one who keeps a snake in their pocket was like that, I guess.'

"'Talk as you please.'"

Hagrid laughed.

He would become a devil.

He would leap over mortality and ascend to an eternal, immortal position.

For that, he could do anything.

They approached the castle.

And the Taesan was already at the castle.

* * *

The Taesan placed his hand on the enormous black door.

The last gate of Belial's castle, guarding it.

The door was extremely sturdy, with an enormous amount of power concentrated, making it impossible for challengers to break through.

However, the door meant nothing to the Taesan.

He gives it a hand.

*Kiai!*
Here is the translation of the text:

As the sound of metal creaking accompanied, the door was crushed like a thin paper.

Tae-san swung his arms.

"Waaaah!"

The crushed door flew open.

Tae-san stepped into the castle.

And at that moment, the castle began to shake.

The floor, decorations, and walls were moving, twisting, and turning with a murderous intent.

Tae-san did not show any surprise and drew his sword.

Belial's legacy remained throughout the entire realm of Belial.

That legacy excluded intruders, and the place where the legacy was thickest was this castle itself. The castle was moving to eliminate the intruder, Tae-san. The decorative items hanging on the walls were charging towards Tae-san like they were alive.

"Waaaah!"

Tae-san swung his sword, cutting down the charging objects.

The pillars began to separate and flew towards Tae-san. Tae-san raised his sword to block them, feeling the heavy weight on the other side. His body was pushed backward.

"Gugu-gu-gung!"

The floor collapsed, and the remaining objects gathered together, swirling around.

The swirl was charging towards Tae-san.

"Strong!"

Tae-san was taken aback.
Here is the translation of the text:

The force that was rushing towards Tai Shan was nothing but the lingering remnants of the dead Belial.

Yet, the power contained within was monstrous.

If we were to judge solely by the sheer amount of force, Tai Shan was even stronger than Tai Shan itself.

"'Is this a demon?'"

Ainz Ooal Gown. It was a power that far exceeded that.

"But..."

Even so, it was nothing but the lingering remnants of a dead existence. What was contained within was but a fragment. There was no sense of depth, no feeling of the liveliness of life.

Tai Shan had stored its own strength and will within its blade.

And it swung at the lingering remnants that were rushing towards it.

Ku-Uuu-Ung!

The concentration of great power was blocked by a single thin sword. A heavy pressure was felt, but Tai Shan did not retreat. Instead, it drew even more strength and took a step forward.

Kwaaa-A-A!

The remnants of the sacred power collapsed and scattered.

But soon, it reformed and charged towards Tai Shan once again. Tai Shan declared its will.

"Collapse, crumble, and be shaken."

[You have activated the declaration of collapse, downfall, and shaking.]

Ku-Ung!

The concentrated power of the remnants trembled violently. Forced to hold back, it charged towards Tai Shan, but was completely shattered by Tai Shan's subsequent declaration.

"Shatter."
Here is the translation of the text:

[You have triggered the declaration of explosion.]

Woooah!

The remnants scattered in all directions.

Belial's remnants have not yet disappeared. The fragments of the city walls creaked and stood up again, heading towards the Taesan once more.

[You have triggered the internal world.]

The power and momentum of Taesan seized the domain of Belial.

Originally, Belial's momentum would have blocked the expansion of the internal world, but since it was a remnant without an owner, it was unable to block the internal world. The power emanating from the remnants decreased noticeably, and its movement slowed down.

Victory cannot be achieved solely through strength.

In a battle that transcends mortality, strength is less important than momentum.

[You have triggered the catastrophic collapse.]

Kiiiing!

The catastrophic collapse, which destroys everything, is realized in the world.

[You have triggered the separation of magic.]

The black sphere that had formed the catastrophic collapse scattered in all directions.

It turned into small spheres, covering the space.

Kukuukuugung!

The separated catastrophic collapse and the fragments of the city walls began to disappear. Taesan remained with its fist clenched.

[You have triggered the magical explosion.]
Here is the translation of the text:

The scattered debris exploded.

A powerful force engulfed everything and swallowed it whole.

* * *

All power dissipated, and nothing was left.

What was once a majestic castle had been reduced to nothing but rubble and had disappeared.

[Was this enough even against a demon?...]

"This is the remnants of a dead demon. If it were during the era of the mortal, I wouldn't know, but now it's no problem."

[That's that. But didn't it get destroyed like that? The throne is still intact, isn't it?]

"It's intact."

Even now, the power that was felt after the castle's destruction had not weakened at all.

The mountain sensed the direction of the power.

[Oh...]

A ghostly presence let out a sigh without realizing it.

On the desolate plain, a black throne with a slight tremble was placed.

The throne emitted a sense of completeness.

It was the power of Belial itself.

The mountain knew. It was an instinctive realization. If I sit on that throne, I can obtain Belial's power and domain.

The lord of black magic, existing since the beginning. The demon's territory.

The mountain took a step forward.