
Episode 43

43. 6th Floor (5)

Not a judgment of stamina, but a shield.

As time passes, not only can he obtain the third nullification of attacks, but also the fourth and fifth.

Furthermore, he may acquire other skills. There are quite a few skills that depend on stamina consumption.

"It's becoming enjoyable."

New possibilities always excited his heart.

Taesan moves.

* * *

"Clang!"

The Lizardman thrusts his spear. It's fast. But Taesan roughly parries and pierces his chest. The sword pierces his heart.

"Kaaa...."

[You have defeated the Lizardman wielding a spear.] [You have decisively attacked the opponent's vital point. You have acquired the special permanent activation skill [Vital Point Attack].]

"I finally got it."

It took more time than expected.

As it is a skill obtained through repetitive work, there was no spare time due to trials of the gods and hidden bosses.
[Special Permanent Activation Skill: Vital Point Attack] [Proficiency: 1%] [Deals greater damage when attacking the opponent's vital points. It seems only a fraction has been added so far.]

It deals greater damage when hitting the heart, throat, or any vital point. As proficiency increases, the damage added can reach up to three times.

It's a basic skill obtained after continuous combat, a skill that must be acquired. Finally, he was able to obtain it.

Now the 6th floor is cleared. Unlike before, there's nothing special, so there's only one boss room left.

"Almost there."

There are no monsters to bother him. Regeneration takes quite a long time, so he can afford to experiment leisurely.

He opened his hand.

[You have activated Fireball.]

Whooosh.

Flames ignite in the air. He calmly watches the wavering flames above his hand.

"What should I do?"

"Testing."

Taesan has been testing the skill. He's verified it under various situations and conditions.

Now it's time for magic.

"He can do all sorts of things, huh?"

"The difference is surprisingly significant."

If Taesan hadn't known the activation condition for the skill, he would have had a tough time against the two Named Goblins. He probably would have struggled in confusion and barely won by shooting arrows.
However, Taesan easily overcame them all. It was because he had identified the drawbacks of just letting everything flow through experimentation.

Magic was no different.

With a staff, you can only use fixed magic. However, now that he could learn and use magic, depending on the conditions, different results could occur just like with skills.

"Can't you control it?"

Since earlier, he had been trying to sharpen the flames into the shape of arrows, but it didn't work. It felt like he was forced to maintain the current state.

[Fire Arrow. It's a higher-level magic that increases penetration power. There shouldn't be levels in magic if you control it like that, right?]

"It seems this won't work."

[Didn't you ask me?]

"If you block it in the middle."

He tests it himself and finds the answer when he blocks it. It was Taesan's favorite method since he was on Earth.

This time, he tried using fireballs in succession.

[You've activated Fireball.] [You've activated Fireball.] [You've activated Fireball.]

Flames were drawn in the air several times. They were spaced out evenly without overlapping.

Unlike with the staff, he could use multiple spells simultaneously, but it seemed that the spells did not combine with each other.
Taesan simultaneously launched the fireballs he had drawn.

Boom!

The stagnant marsh was instantly oxidized. The flying fireballs formed a ring with an empty center.

"This isn't working either."

Fire Wall. A magic known as the wall of fire.

He had tried to create something similar with fireballs, but no spear appeared.

Unlike skills, lower-level magic couldn't replicate the effects of higher-level magic, even if they were similar.

‘Or maybe there are other constraints.’

For now, fireballs were his limit. He began to explore other spells.

Food production.

[Basic Magic: Food Production] [Mana Cost: 5] [Summons a small amount of consumable liquid and consumable solids.]

Taesan spread his hands.

[You've activated Food Production.]

Thunk.

Wooden bowls and wooden cups appeared in the air. They contained clear liquid and a thick porridge.

Taesan lifted a cup and tasted it slightly.

"It tastes like water."

It really was just water taste-wise. This time, he stirred the porridge a bit and tasted it.

"…It tastes like porridge."
It felt like eating something thick without any discernible taste. Taesan sighed and set down the bowl.

"What changes with Food Production?"

"Among the magics I know, Food Production is the driest."

A lethargic response came back, implying there was nothing special about it. Taesan quietly put away the porridge.

That leaves only one magic left.

[Basic Magic: Random Mental Attack] [Mana Cost: 5] [Uses a random ineffective mental magic on the target. Attempts a status ailment check on the target.]

"I wonder if this one will make a difference."

As a staff, Random Mental Attack was straightforward. It attempted a judgment on the target. Until it succeeded or failed, no new judgments could be made.

It could only be used once per turn. That was the staff's constraint.

But observing Fireball, it seemed there were no such constraints when using magic.

"Can mental judgments overlap?"

"They can. But not in the way you might think. It resolves the first judgment and then immediately attempts the next one, in sequence."

"So it's sequential."
Still, it's not bad. It means you can continuously disrupt the opponent's mind.

Unlike with the staff, you can attack while also conducting a mental assault. If so, there might be something to gain.

Taesan speculated on several possibilities.

The ghost, as if tired of watching, asked:

"Aren't you bothered by it?"

"It's interesting, isn't it?"

Combining things to create something new, pursuing new possibilities, and actually achieving results. There's no reason to be bothered.

* * *

Roughly summarizing, it's done.

Magic has a slight delay but can be used simultaneously. Unlike skills, however, you can't learn new skills just by pulling them out similarly.

But something felt lacking.

"Then magic can't be learned by oneself?"

"Well... that's a bit ambiguous."

The ghost spoke in a vague tone.

"Magic either awakens in a talented individual or is passed down from someone else. It's one or the other. You can't learn higher-level magic like you just experimented with Fireball. However... there are exceptions, occasionally."

"Exceptions?"
Here's the translation of the text:

[Those without the talent to obtain higher-level magic through the concept of skills. Occasionally, there have been rumors about them... but I don't know how they obtained it. They themselves didn't know the method because they obtained it by chance and didn't try to explain.]

For them, conversing through the concept of community makes it easy to obtain, but they don't have such information platforms. Information about skills or magic is quite precious, and even the ghost seemed unaware of the correct answer.

It's not "can't do" but "don't know."

That meant there was another direction.

"You cast Fireball."

Fwhooom.

Flames rise in the air. Fireball is cast again. Two flames rise in the air.

The Fireballs do not merge. Taesan stared at the Fireball hovering in the air.

"Different."

The Fireball used as a staff flew straight away.

But the Fireball used as magic stayed next to Taesan until he gave the command.

So there are two states.

A stationary fixed state and a trajectory flying state.

And Fireball has a subtle delay. In terms of time, it was a very subtle delay of about 0.2 seconds.

The speed is such that Taesan can catch up by running.

"I wonder."

["About what?"]
Here is the English translation of the text:

Taesan drank a mana potion instead of replying. His half-empty mana reservoir refilled halfway.

With a single breath, Taesan stomped his foot.

["You activated Fireball."]

A Fireball manifested beside Taesan as he sprinted from one end of the room. Adjusting to the speed of the flying Fireball, Taesan manifested another Fireball.

["You activated Fireball."]

Another Fireball appeared right in front of the flying one.

The two Fireballs overlapped and transformed into a single Fireball.

["Huh?"]

This Fireball was significantly larger than before.

Taesan glanced back briefly, then sprinted again and activated another Fireball.

Once again, the Fireballs merged upon overlapping.

He repeated this until the end of the room. After merging five times, a noticeably larger sphere collided with the wall compared to before.

Kwaaang!

The room trembled with a tremendous roar. It was a power that couldn't be achieved with ordinary Fireballs.

["You have learned [Scorching Orb]."] ["...Was it like this?"]

Unlike when acquiring skills, the explanation was incredibly simple.

But it seemed like he had learned a new skill.

* * *

This completes the translation. If you have any more text you'd like translated or if there's anything else I can assist you with, feel free to ask!
Here is the English translation of the text:

[Basic Magic: Scorching Orb] [Mana Cost: 6] [Proficiency: 1%] [Fires a moderate-sized fireball. Deals greater damage to non-immune targets. Immune targets still take considerable damage. Attempts to inflict the status effect [Burn] on the target. Has low physical force.]

Various details like this were added. Judging by the recent vibration, it seemed the power had increased significantly.

"You activated Scorching Orb."

Flames erupted. It was much larger compared to a fireball.

"Is this how it works?"

"I didn't realize there was such a different judgment between fixed and flying states."

The ghost muttered in astonishment.

"Isn't it unnecessarily difficult?"

"Just activate a fireball while running. But the ghost spoke dismissively, telling him not to talk nonsense."

"Isn't a fireball basic magic? And agility enough to keep up with a fireball requires quite a depth. By then, you won't need basic magic. How would someone who just learned magic know that?"

"Is that so?"

Calmly thinking, Taesan's stats were too high now. Being able to catch up to a fireball meant you could dodge it with your eyes closed. By then, enemies would have similar stats and he thought it might be worth disposing of
Here is the English translation of the text:

---

"And how many people do you think actually learn by deliberately experimenting like you? Even if they do, it's mostly luck that they learn anything. Most of them don't even know how they learned it themselves."

"I guess that's true."

Right now, Taeyeon didn't even know how he acquired Addition. It wasn't until Taesan told him that he realized belatedly.

"I roughly understand."

It's not that he couldn't learn new magic. Unlike skills, various conditions seemed quite strict, making it appear as though he couldn't learn them.

Taesan got up and tried various methods.

He fired fireballs and shot arrows to create fire arrows. He tried overlapping Incendiary Orb and Fireball simultaneously, and even attempted to collide them together.

"Ugh, this is so boring."

The ghost wriggled. Instead of responding, Taesan continued with another experiment.

He spent two hours like that. However, whether it was truly nonexistent or the conditions weren't right, he couldn't learn any new magic.

"Is this about it?"

Roughly after twenty attempts, he learned just one Incendiary Orb.

It was a satisfying result. At its worst, there were times when it dropped to decimal points, so a 5% chance was almost like hitting the jackpot.
Taesan drew his sword and entered the boss room. Seemingly bored, the ghost's voice tinged with irritation.

["Alright. Skills are good and all, but let's venture deeper into the labyrinth. We might find something even better down there, right? They say you can learn swordsmanship by the 7th floor."]

"Kaak!"

A Lizardman appeared in the boss room.

["A Lizardman Warrior has appeared."]

"Kaak!"

The Lizardman charged. Taesan cast a spell.

["You have activated Incendiary Orb."]

Fwoosh.

A fireball flew.

The warrior attempted to counter with determination.

In that moment, Taesan launched a psychic attack.

["You have activated Confusion."]

"Ka, Kaak?"

["You have triggered Madness."]

The warrior's pupils trembled. Shaking off the confusion, vitality returned to his eyes.

However, the madness check immediately overwhelmed him. Unable to defend against the scream piercing his mind, the warrior failed to block the fireball.

"Kaak!"

["Lizardman Warrior receives 49 damage."]

"49? Not bad."

With this level of damage, it could be used not just as a deterrent but also for damage purposes. Having barely shaken off the madness, Taesan cast another spell at the Lizardman.
["You have activated Incendiary Orb."]["You have activated Helplessness."]["You have activated Confusion."]

"Ka......"

The warrior's movements slowed. Roughly shaking off the helplessness, but immediately facing a confusion check.

["Lizardman Warrior receives 50 damage."]["Successful check! Lizardman Warrior is inflicted with Burn status."]

Repeat again. Fireballs and mental magic are cast consecutively. The Lizardman lets out a powerless scream.

"Kieeeeee!"

"Poor thing."

Unable to do anything.

If he could wield a weapon or something, he might attack, but he can't even pass the mental check.

All the warrior can do is take the beating.

"It's okay."

Until now, magic had only been used as a support. There were many restrictions because it was used with a staff.

But now, it's different. With delays and restrictions greatly reduced, monsters can be defeated using only magic. The dying Lizardman was proof of that.

"Kie......"

["You have defeated the Lizardman Warrior."]