
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

**Episode 424**

424. 83rd Floor, Essence of the God of Falling (6)

They charged at him.

The first to attack was the swordsman.

The swords clashed.

Ka-gak!

Taesan put strength into his arm. The opponent, unable to withstand the force, was knocked back.

But they quickly regained their composure and charged again.

Taesan was clearly stronger than them.

However, in terms of fundamental power, they were on the same level. He couldn't underestimate them.

Ka-gak!

He pushed the opponent back with his sword. Then, an arrow flew in from the side.

Taesan didn't respond with his sword.

He quickly drew an arrow from his inventory.

He swung the arrow around, deflecting the opponent's arrow, and then struck. The opponent didn't back down. Instead, they charged again.

The opponent's body moved naturally.

They dodged Taesan's thrust and caught the deflected arrow.

It was an effective but unnatural movement, lacking in will.

That was a Counter Skill.

Taesan also responded to it.

[You have activated a Counter.]
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Two skills with the same name are activated simultaneously. And in this case, the one with the higher basic stats and proficiency wins.

"Whoa!"

The opponent is pushed back.

There's no time to rest.

Magic and dark magic are flying towards Taesan. A bright light arrow that blinds the vision, and a dark wave that devours everything.

The skill window doesn't appear, but it's clear what skills they are. They're the Starlight Arrow and Marbas's Dark Wave.

[You activated the Starlight Arrow.] [You activated Marbas's Dark Wave.]

The same bright light arrow and dark wave are implemented.

The opponent's power is devoured, and they charge towards them. The opponent is shocked and tries to defend with a defensive skill.

"Ifrit!"

[This guy. I've got a famous opponent.]

Flames appear, and a handsome man reveals himself.

The power he possesses is considerable.

'The Fire Spirit King.'

Then, I'll respond with the same Spirit King.

[You summoned the Wind Spirit King, Minerva.]

The wind gathers, and a beautiful woman appears.

"Haha. I didn't expect to fight the same Spirit King, but..."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"We are not just bodies implemented in the world according to the contractor's will. Let's try it. Oh, young Spirit King. Show me the power of experience."

"I don't think that's possible!"

The wind and flames collide.

Minerva exerted intense pressure on Ifrit, but Ifrit counterattacked, only to be overwhelmed by the powerful wind and disappeared.

The Spirit King's strength is proportional to the contractor's power. Minerva could use the power of perfection.

With Vishnu's core absorbed, Minerva was far stronger than other Spirit Kings.

Kukuku!

A 1:5 battle.

The battle proceeds with one side having an overwhelming advantage. The one wielding the spear cannot block the spear of Taishan and gets their arm pierced.

The opponent, who quickly creates distance, smirks.

"......You're monstrously strong. Did you also fall to the God of Decline?"

"I don't feel like explaining, so think about it yourself."

Taishan puts away the spear and draws a sword. He activates a powerful strike, repelling the sword that was about to hit him. And the frozen world covers Taishan.

Taishan faces the frozen world head-on.

Zzzt!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"In an instant, he engulfed the frozen world of his opponent and covered the entire world. His opponent, who had barely managed to create some distance with a limited blink, scowled.

'... What are you doing?'

'What?'

'Why are you only fighting me with the same method?'

Taesan was currently fighting his opponents in the same way.

To those who wielded swords, he used swords.

To those who wielded bows, he used bows.

To those who used magic, he used magic, and to those who used dark magic, he used dark magic, responding with the same method as the spirits.

He even used the same skills as his opponents, as if he was aiming for something.

'I told you, I have something to test.'

Taesan replied simply and swung his sword.

His opponent somehow managed to endure, but the battle was one-sided. The difference in skill level and basic stats was too great. Even though Taesan used the same skills as his opponents, they began to fall one by one.

Ku-u-ung!

Finally, the last remaining opponent fell. Taesan thrust his sword into their heart.

The dying opponent's face was surprisingly peaceful.

'I don't know how someone like you ended up in a place like this. But... it doesn't matter. This place was designed that way.'"
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"That's not for you to judge. It's my job."

The last remaining opponent disappears.

His soul flies towards the village.

And the system window appears.

[Your spiritual power has increased. The proficiency of the counter has risen by 1%.] [You have defeated different enemies using the same skill, and obtained the special passive skill [Perfect Supremacy].]

"It's done."

Acquiring a skill doesn't happen if the difference between you and your opponent is too great.

Then, can you forcefully lower your own level to acquire a skill?

The experiment was a success.

[Special Passive Skill: Perfect Supremacy] [Proficiency: 1%] [When responding to the opponent's skill with the same skill, its power and speed increase.]

It was a skill that could only be obtained by fighting against the labyrinth adventurer.

The condition was to fight against five or more opponents who use different powers at the same time, and win by adapting to their powers.

It was a very difficult condition, requiring five or more opponents to use the power of Taesan, and to win by adapting to their powers.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"And unlike those who hide in the shadows, if the difference in power and level is too great, there are skills that cannot be obtained.

"This is how it becomes possible."

The skills I obtained in my past life, but have not yet obtained in this life.

Those skills have become too powerful, making it impossible to obtain them now.

The level of immortality has made it difficult to acquire skills.

I was worried about how to solve this, but a solution emerged. If I seal my own power and level, I can acquire skills.

However, sealing one's level is not an easy task.

At least, it was impossible with my own power. A transcendent-level contract was required, but the gods would not seal my power without a reason.

Even if I were a transcendent who favored me, it would be the same. They don't like to bend the rules.

"Still, a possibility has emerged."

That was enough. The rest was just a matter of finding a way to fulfill the conditions.

After completing the verification, Taesan continued to move and accumulated points.

And in less than two days, he accumulated 100 points.

Taesan arrived at the pillar.

"God of Fall, I have fulfilled the conditions."

Kugugugung!
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The pillar began to operate.

The gaze of the God of Destruction appeared.

"I will make a request here. A Colosseum for liberation."

The God of Destruction accepted with a laugh.

* * *

The Colosseum opened again.

The news spread to all the miniature gardeners. They gathered at the Colosseum with a mix of astonishment and expectation, not having thought it would open so quickly.

"Lord Taesan, what do you plan to do?"

"I'll check it out first."

Taesan replied to Diana's question.

The audience seats were filled, and the space was divided, revealing the figure of the Apostle.

"Why did it open so quickly? It was you."

The Apostle bared his teeth at Taesan.

"You, a lowly existence that dares to defy Essence-nim. You're caught. I'll teach you what courtesy is."

"You, to me?"

Taesan said calmly.

The power displayed by the Apostle was on par with Diana's.

There was no chance of winning against the Apostle. But the Apostle's face was filled with confidence.

"I am clearly weaker than you. But here, I can defeat you!"

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The assassin grasped his fist and charged forward.

Taesan swung his sword.

Crack!

The fist and sword collided, and the assassin's body was crushed.

Taesan put strength into his arm.

The assassin flew back and crashed into the wall of the Colosseum, causing a loud noise and a cloud of dust.

"Oh, oh!"

After a moment of silence, the audience erupted into cheers.

The assassin was overwhelmed to this extent, a sight they had never seen before. Hope appeared in their eyes.

The assassin stumbled and got back up.

Just now, Taesan's single strike was impossible to block without injury, even for an assassin of his level.

However, there were no visible wounds on the assassin's body.

"I'll use all the power I have, anyway."

This was the realm of the God of Decline. Taesan must have grasped most of his power.

Then, there was no reason to hold back his power.

[You activated the Great Collapse.]

Tremendous!

The power of collapse that destroyed everything was unleashed. The audience gasped in shock, and some magic users jumped up, their eyes wide open.

"High-level magic!"

Taesan swung the Great Collapse with all his might.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The apostle did not back down. With his fists clenched, he swung at the incoming Great Collapse.

"Hmph!"

However, the superior magic was a power that interfered with the concept itself.

The Great Collapse ignored the apostle's counterattack and engulfed him.

"Uooo!"

The apostle let out a roar and unleashed his power. His energy began to surge and concentrate.

And Taesan saw it.

The birth of a new power from the apostle.

"Ah ah ah!"

The apostle gathered all his strength. Without holding back, he poured everything into a blow against the Great Collapse.

"Kuuuung!"

The Great Collapse exploded. The fragments blocked their vision.

"Is it over?"

The power contained within the Great Collapse was something the apostle couldn't stop.

Everyone's face showed expectation.

The fragments slowly disappeared, revealing the apostle's figure.

"Haha, haha, haha!"

The apostle was covered in wounds. His entire body was drenched in blood.

But he didn't fall.

With a proud face, he glared at Taesan.

"I will never give up!"

* * *

Taesan had overwhelmed the apostle.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The apostle barely blocked the great destruction, but was already in a state of great damage. He was unable to properly respond to the subsequent attacks from Taesan and was injured.

However, he did not fall.

With a loud cry, he continued to muster his strength and somehow managed to block the attacks.

Those who were watching thought Taesan would win, and it seemed that way, but Taesan's expression remained calm.

[You activated Baal's Dark Space Slash.]

The dark space, tainted with Baal's power, rushed in. Inside, there was a great demon. Baal's power. The apostle, who was being pushed back, could no longer block it.

"Ugh!"

But the apostle did not fall.

Even on the brink of death, he somehow managed to muster new strength and barely blocked the Dark Space Slash. It was the same method he used to block the great destruction earlier. A sigh of relief mixed with frustration burst out.

"I told you! I won't give up!"

The apostle laughed and charged at Taesan.

Taesan swung his sword.

Clang!

The apostle was not pushed back. Unlike before, he seemed to have adapted to Taesan's movements and responded with a swinging fist.

From the outside, it looked like the apostle was countering Taesan's movements, but Taesan, who was facing him directly, knew the truth.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It was being forcibly adjusted to a level that could respond to Taesan.

It was similar to an unbeatable boss that often appears in games.

Even if its health fell to 1, it would infinitely recover, and its power and speed would continue to increase.

It was a device designed to ensure defeat, but it was being adjusted to give hope.

However, it was ultimately an unbeatable boss.

Taesan's sword began to mix with black and golden colors.

It was a boundary.

Those who were watching took a step back, and all the ominous energy gathered in the sword.

Although it was impossible to fully control the immortal's power, which had fallen to this extent, it was sufficient. Taesan swung the boundary.

"Oooo!"

The apostle did not back down.

"My god!"

The power contained within the boundary was a force that defied the laws.

The apostle could not be saved.

But Taesan could see it.

The apostle was wielding a high-dimensional power that Taesan could not understand.

"Give me your power! Please throw away everything that dares to oppose me into the abyss!"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"And the authority covers the great mountain. It begins to influence all the powers that the great mountain exhibits.

The boundary line collapses. The power and dignity that were contained within it begin to dwindle rapidly, as if falling into an endless abyss.

The ash-colored hue trembles, and the black and golden colors start to appear slightly.

The saint clenched his fist. He swung his fist towards the boundary line that was approaching him.

Kugugugugu!

The ash-colored hue bursts out, dividing into gold and black.

The great mountain gazes at the saint with an unchanged expression.

"Hahahahaha!"

The saint bursts into laughter.

His entire body was in a miserable state.

One arm was torn off, and his upper body was also torn apart.

But he didn't fall.

The saint survived, shouting towards the great mountain. His wounds recovered instantly.

"Your power is certainly strong! But! You didn't think that power was omnipotent, did you!"

The high gods are beings that exist beyond the laws, polluting the world.

But they ultimately lost.

They were pushed back by the transcenders and banished to the other side of the world.

In other words, if one becomes a transcender, they can respond to the boundary line as much as they want."

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"You! You can't beat me! You can't leave this place!"

With a confident voice, Sado shouted.

Sado smiled and Taesan muttered.

"It's okay."

"...What?"

"It's not about erasing or blocking, but about making the power itself collapse. It's an interesting power. I'm getting curious."

"You?"

Sado had wasted Taesan's trump card without any meaning.

It was a desperate situation, but Taesan's expression didn't change.

No, he even seemed to be enjoying it.

"Why aren't you getting flustered?"

"Why should I get flustered? I should be enjoying it instead."

Taesan said nonchalantly.

"Anyway, I'll get the power I want."