
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

**Episode 427**

427. 61st Floor, Verdanki. Wish

"Did you say you got out of the labyrinth?"

[That's impossible. The contract between the labyrinth and the transcender is not a problem that can be easily resolved. If you leave on your own, that's one thing, but it's hard to expel someone from here. Let's just say we had a deep conversation.]

The detailed content was kept secret, and Barbalbamga changed the subject.

[At least, we can't intervene in the labyrinth through trials. Just remember that.]

"That's good."

Inside the labyrinth, we don't have to worry about the God of Fall anymore. It was a fortunate thing to say to Taesan, who had many enemies.

The information about the God of Fall ended there. Taesan asked something else.

"Then, where did the other people go?"

There were over a thousand people in the model garden.

But the only one left here was Diana. Just one person.

[They are no longer adventurers.]

The labyrinth administrator replied, as if pronouncing a sentence.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Even if the god of downfall intervened, they are ultimately beings who couldn't clear the trials. Thanks to you, they were freed again, but the fact that they are losers doesn't change. They're like the ghost next to you."

"Ghost?"

Diana looked around, but she couldn't sense the presence of a ghost.

"So, you expelled them?"

"They don't have the qualification to enter the labyrinth again. I sent them all back to the entrance of the labyrinth. The rest is up to them."

Barbarbaram said it indifferently.

It seemed like he didn't care what they did or what choices they made.

"Pitiful."

Raynald said that if they returned to the labyrinth, he would give them everything.

But they were expelled from the labyrinth. There was no reward to be received. While Taesan was feeling regretful, Barbarbaram opened his mouth.

"But even though they are failures, they were once adventurers. And they were talented ones at that. You freed them. As the manager of the labyrinth, I will reward you for that."

[Barbarbaram activated #000018.]

[You acquired 500,000 gold.]

"Wow."

Five hundred thousand gold.

It was a considerable amount of gold. With this, Taesan could combine it with the gold he already had and buy a decent piece of equipment.

Let me know if you need any further assistance!
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It's okay. So, why did the princess stay here?"

The princess was also a failure, just like the others. Balbam said it as if it was obvious.

[She is Belvandia. It's her wish. For now, staying in the labyrinth is allowed. After her wish is granted, she'll have to leave the labyrinth.]

"Belvandia..."

Diana muttered quietly.

[That's roughly the explanation. I'm getting busy too, so I'll let you figure out the rest.]

"Thank you."

Balbam turned around and left without a word.

Taesan looked at Diana.

"Then, let's go meet her."

"......Yes."

Diana clenched her fist, which was placed on her chest, and nodded.

* * *

The floor where Belvandia was located was the 61st floor.

They had to climb many floors to get there.

The first NPC they met was the shop owner.

"......Princess?"

"Oh my, it's been a long time."

The shop owner looked surprised to see Diana.

"You were supposed to be eaten by the God of Decline and disappear......"

"That's what happened."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

He looked at Diana and Taesan, then nodded his head as if he understood.

"It turned out that way, huh... It's really amazing. I never thought you'd clear that model garden."

The face of the shop owner, who was looking at Taesan, was filled with satisfaction.

At some point, he had stopped paying attention to Diana altogether. Diana looked upset and said,

"We're meeting for the first time in a while, and you're treating me like this?"

"I don't care about losers. You should know that."

"That's still a bit disappointing. You had high hopes for me at one time."

"The moment you took the hand of the God of Ruin, you became nothing to me. Don't bother me anymore and just leave."

The shop owner clicked his tongue.

Since he refused to continue the conversation, Taesan and Diana left him behind.

"He's still the same, huh."

"Did you have expectations for me when I was descending into the labyrinth?"

"Yes. Even then, you saw potential in me and showed me favor. But after the God of Ruin intervened, you lost interest. I wonder what he wants. It's curious."

The next floor, which welcomed her as she ascended from the labyrinth, was the Library of the Universe.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The librarian of that place. Jorge looked at Diana and scowled.

"How did you...?"

"It's been a long time, Jorge. Have you been well?"

"......I suppose so. It was possible, but I didn't think you'd really do it."

"Who is this!"

Laughter was heard. It was Levinov's apostle, Ainzhart, approaching Diana with a welcoming face.

"Princess, you've returned to this place!"

"Ainzhart? You're still here too."

"That's right! The wish of Verdengkia will finally come true! Congratulations!"

"Thank you."

Diana smiled softly.

"I'll look forward to your wish coming true as well."

"Thanks for saying that. Don't worry, I'm also the one who's been by your side, making your wish come true."

Ainzhart chuckled.

"Saving the princess means we've reached the 83rd floor. Now there's only one floor left. I'll be waiting."

Taesan nodded his head.

They went back down to the labyrinth, and this time they met Halfdan.

Halfdan was also surprised to see the princess, but he quickly accepted it, perhaps because he knew Taesan's strength.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Even so, I never thought I'd be able to break through the transcendent's realm. That's amazing."

"How did the equipment making go?"

"The rough preparations are done. All that's left is the final adjustment work. I'll call you when the time comes."

After finishing their conversation with Half-ran, they continued to climb the labyrinth.

"It's pitiful."

Diana murmured with a distant gaze.

Perhaps, at this point, the position of the Taesan could have been hers.

She could have fulfilled the NPCs' wishes and reached the end of the labyrinth to save the world.

But she didn't regret it or despair.

She had abandoned her grand ambitions and was content with small happiness.

"I did something wrong to Belvandia. When I meet him, I should apologize first."

Diana murmured quietly.

They climbed the labyrinth, higher and higher.

And finally reached the stairs leading to the 61st floor.

Diana's face was filled with emotions as she climbed the stairs.

"Belvandia! Please!"

"Ah, stop. Don't do that!"

"Don't say that, teach me! I'll do whatever you say!"

"I've told you several times that it can't be done!"
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The thing that was shown to Taesan and Diana was a bewildered Belldandy.

And it was a release that grasped his foot and pulled him down.

It was an extremely peaceful and harmonious scene. Diana's face stiffened. Belldandy, who had been trembling and trying to shake off the release, finally sensed the atmosphere.

"...Princess?"

A reunion between people who seemed like they would never meet again.

It was clearly an emotional moment, but Diana's face remained stiff.

"...You seem to be enjoying yourself?"

"Yes, yes?"

"No, no. I couldn't help but be stubborn, even though I told you to let go from the start. But... still..."

Diana shook her head deeply.

Her body trembled slightly.

"I've been waiting for you alone, but you've been living a happy daily life with another woman. I'm too sad..."

"No, that's not it!"

Belldandy shouted loudly and pushed Release away.

"She's a contractor of the magic god! She kept clinging to me, asking me to teach her my magic! There's no relationship between us!"

Belldandy grabbed Diana's shoulder."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I've always been thinking of the princess! I'm here for that reason!"

"……Haha."

Diana burst out laughing at Belgendenia's passionate words.

"Ah, Princess."

"It was just a simple joke. We used to do it all the time, didn't we? I didn't expect you to react so intensely."

Diana's face, tilted upwards, was extremely gentle.

"You've been waiting for me here. How could I possibly resent you? ……It's nice to meet you again, Belgendenia. My magician."

"Princess……."

Tears welled up in Belgendenia's eyes.

"……Taesan. What's going on? I can't follow this."

"Belgendenia has fulfilled her own wish."

Taesan replied to Rilise's puzzled question.

* * *

"Did I say Rilise? I'm sorry for getting caught up in the drama."

"Ah, no. Now that I think about it, it was understandable. I apologize for the misunderstanding."

Rilise composed herself and spoke with a serious face.

"Congratulations on escaping the god's grasp."

"Thank you."

Diana smiled softly. Her hand was tightly holding Belgendenia's hand.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Thank you, Taesan. I did give you a quest, but... I didn't expect you to actually do it."

Belldengkia's eyes were filled with all sorts of emotions. It was a quest that required direct confrontation with the Transcendent. Even he thought it was impossible in his heart.

But Taesan had accomplished it perfectly.

"I'll have to give you a fitting reward. Princess, please wait for a moment."

Belldengkia drew a magic circle on the floor.

"What you've done for me is, literally, my heart's desire. It's more important to me than my own life."

That's why Belldengkia had decided to give him everything.

"So I was thinking about how to reward you. And this is one of the results of that thought."

[Belldengkia activated the magic transmission.]

The magic circle began to operate. Belldengkia poured out mana and said,

"Don't refuse. Accept it."

The magic circle, infused with mana, began to operate with Taesan at its center.

And power began to flow into Taesan.

Taesan could sense what it was.

The power flowing into him right now was Belldengkia's power itself.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The mana he had built up. And the experience with magic.

All of that was dedicated to Taesan.

[Mana permanently increased by 7,800.] [Intelligence permanently increased by 5,500.] [Magic proficiency increased by 4%.] [Acquired intermediate magic [Wave-Cutting Poison Fog].]

Kaang!

The magic circle that couldn't withstand the power collapsed. Belchengkia sweated and gathered his mana.

"This is ridiculous. The proficiency only increased by 4%?"

"......Can you give mana and proficiency to others?"

Normally, there were only two ways to increase proficiency: proficiency-boosting potions and repetitive battles.

But now, Belchengkia was transferring his power to Taesan like a permanent boost.

"I told you. I created my own magic for you. To be honest, the efficiency is extremely low. It permanently consumes your own power, and the transferred power is only a tiny fraction of that."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The power I felt from Beldequia had noticeably decreased. It was still strong, but compared to before, there was a significant difference.

"'Even so, as a reward for you, I think I should give you at least this much.'"

It was quite satisfactory. My mana had increased by a whopping 7,800, and my magic proficiency had risen from 81% to 85%. The increase in my intelligence stats was also impressive.

Considering that my magic proficiency had almost plateaued at 80%, this was a satisfying reward.

And it didn't end there.

"The equipment I used to conquer the labyrinth and the items I've been keeping. They're all magic-using equipment, so you might not need them, but you can sell them at the store or offer them as tribute."

Beldequia handed over a magic wand and a tome. When I checked their performance, they were comparable to the equipment I was currently wearing.

With this, I could acquire two mid-level magic spells.

"It's good."

"I'm sorry to say that I've given you everything, but if you need anything else, just say so. As long as it's within the range that won't harm the princess, I'll do it all."

Taesan looked at them.

The princess was strong. She was standing at the boundary line."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Although Veldanke had consumed a lot of power, it seemed like the leader of the guide's group was still doing well.

Taesan opened his mouth.

"So, where are we going now?"

"Hmm......"

"I don't know either."

Veldanke had achieved her wish. There was no reason to stay in the labyrinth anymore. And Diana had to leave the labyrinth soon too.

However, their world had already been destroyed.

To put it bluntly, they were in a refugee-like situation.

"Let's try to settle in a new world. It doesn't seem so bad, does it?"

"What if there's nowhere to go? What about where I am?"

"What?"

Diana's pupils grew larger. Taesan continued speaking.

"A world that the gods desire. A world where you don't know when it will collapse, and you have to fight for your life. Are you interested?"