
Episode 44

44. 7th Floor, Sword of a Ruined World (1)

"I could probably descend using only magic."

In Easy Mode, Lizardman Warriors are enemies encountered only after descending to at least the 70th floor. He managed to defeat such monsters using only magic. The possibility was certainly there.

"Magic is a complete power. There have been those who actually went deep down. I know someone who went as far as the 70th floor, so it's not impossible."

He acquired skills equivalent to swordsmanship. Considering the uniqueness of magic, he should be able to overcome many hardships he faced.

And he defeated the boss, earning various rewards.

"You have defeated the enemy using only magic. You have obtained the special passive skill [Magic Mastery]."

By properly using magic, he was able to gain skills related to magic.

[Special Passive Skill: Magic Mastery] [Proficiency: 1%] [Reduces the time to cast magic. The difference is subtle, but noticeable.]


Magic has a very subtle casting time. Perhaps the higher-level the magic, the longer the time it takes. Having one was a nice effect.

"You achieved a perfect victory. You obtained the special passive skill [Complete Victory]."

"Did I get this because I won without even lifting a finger?"

Complete Victory. Its effect was simple.

[Special Passive Skill: Complete Victory] [Proficiency: 1%] [Forces an overwhelming intimidation judgment against enemies with a significant gap.]

Intimidation was a good judgment that slowed down the target's actions and thinking. This skill forcibly imposed it. As proficiency increased, it became effective even against opponents of similar level.

Thus, the skills were two in total.

And defeating the boss raised the level.

"Your level has increased." "You have reached the ultimate state." "As a reward for leveling up, your health has increased by 40." "As a reward for leveling up, your strength has permanently increased by 4. Agility has permanently increased by 5." "Your Aura Rise has triggered. Strength permanently increases by 3. Agility permanently increases by 3."

The increase from Aura Rise wasn't very high. The gap between the warrior and the current mountain was too large.
Certainly! Here's the translation of the text:

---

Of course, there was no easy victory against the archenemy. To expect more after defeating them so easily would have been conscienceless.

"But still, it's a bit disappointing."

Taesan checked the item the boss dropped, tasting it again.

[Necklace of the Warrior] [Strength +3] [Agility +1] [A necklace worn by a warrior for a long time.]

"It's not bad."

For a necklace, the stats were quite high, and he would normally be pleased to wear it. However, Goblin Lord's necklace had been too good.

"I should offer this as tribute."

It wasn't a bad item, so it would fetch a decent price.

"You've defeated the boss on the 6th floor. Basic reward: [Inscription Scroll] obtained." "You've discovered a hidden element on the 6th floor. Reward: [???] obtained."

He decided to save the Inscription Scroll for now.

You can apply it to any equipment, but if it's not the main equipment, the effect is very small. Even if applied to a necklace, it would only make a difference of about 1 or 2 in stats.

It would be a waste to apply it to a splendid sword, and Taesan's armor wasn't very good right now. He would use it later.

And the secret reward.

"You've used ???." "Obtained the Staff of Cold Judgment."

"A staff?"

--- 

If you need further assistance with the translation or have any other questions, feel free to ask!
Here is the translation of the text into English:

---

This is the second staff obtained since defeating the clan leader.

[Staff of Cold Judgment] [Magic +6] [Mana consumption when using magic -1] [Cold judgment is said to be a mage's fundamental. Only those who uphold the basics can use this staff.]

"Mana consumption decreases?"

If the mana consumption of Fireball was 3 and now becomes 2, it's a simple calculation that reduces it by 33%.

As most of the skills he has learned now consume single-digit mana, even such a small number was significant.

"Not bad."

Originally intending to offer the staff as a tribute, the situation changed like this.

"Status window."

[Gang Taesan] [Level: 18] [Shield: 39/39] [Health: 725/725] [Mana: 104/104] [Strength: 161] [Intelligence: 79] [Agility: 122] [Attack +24] [Defense +21] [In optimal condition.]

Now, these stats were almost embarrassing to compare with his previous self.

Above all, the increase in mana was noticeable.

Designating mana as proof of victory increases every time he kills an enemy.

It was a wise choice since mastering magic will inevitably increase mana consumption.

--- 

If you have any more texts to translate or any other questions, feel free to ask!
Taesan returned to the 6th floor once again.

He needed to talk to Rilis about magic as soon as he met her.

As he was returning to the secret room, Rilis appeared first.

"Yahoo! Hey there!"

"Is it okay for you to be outside?"

"I have invisibility. Besides, you caught them all, right? It's safe for now."

She led the way cheerfully.

"Come on! Let me show you the safe zone!"

Following her towards the edge of the floor, there was a very small door.

"This inside is the safe zone! Monsters can't get in!"

The interior was spacious enough for one person to pass through. Taesan looked around the empty room.

"So this place exists."

"It's not well-known, is it?"

It appears after clearing the floor, very subtly on the edge. Moreover, there's nothing inside. The extent to which those who find out I  It's therefore
In her expectant eyes, Taesan took out his inventory.

*Thud, thud, thud.*

Countless pieces of equipment accumulated up to now fell out. They were decent items, but there were things that Taesan couldn't wear. Upon the waves of equipment exceeding ten, Rilis pursed her lips.

"I guess you can learn something with this."

"Yeah..."

With a gloomy expression, Rilis offered each piece of equipment as an offering. After about ten minutes had passed and the final piece of equipment had been offered, Taesan chose a spell.

"I'll take Frost Arrow."

\[You have obtained Frost Arrow.\] \[Basic Magic: Frost Arrow\] \[Mana Cost: 3\] \[Proficiency: 1%\] \[Launches a frost arrow. Deals greater damage to enemies without immunity. Attempts to inflict [Frostbite] status on the target.\]

The basic description was similar to Fireball. The difference lay in Frost Arrow's definite physical force. It could be useful in situations where a bow could not be used.

"Could this be possible too?"

"Huh? What?"

Rilis cocked her head, hearing Taesan mutter. Realizing the meaning of his words, the ghost let out a hollow laugh.

"Well, looks like your thoughts are heading in the right direction. Judging by the test, it should be possible."
Sure! Here's the translation of the text into English:

"What? Judgment? What are you talking about?"

To Rilis, who kept asking, the ghost replied playfully.

[How much beginner magic have you learned?]

"You know what I've learned. Just Invisibility."

Rilis groaned. Concealing Veil. Basic Detection. Fireball. Frost Arrow - they were all basic magic.

"You know. There's a huge difference between grades in magic. Unless you can get out of the tenth floor, you can't learn beginner magic. Learning Invisibility itself is a miracle, you know?"

"Is the difference really that big?"

"Of course! Basic magic mimics magic. You can pack plenty into a staff. But beginner magic is magic itself, which can't be contained by anything."

She was impassioned.

"It may lack the level of intermediate or advanced magic, but it's still magic enough. I came here for that, and I'm just struggling. If I hadn't even learned Invisibility, I would have really lost it."

She sighed heavily, like an old person.

Suppressing laughter, the ghost spoke.

[Do you know Fireball?]
"An upgraded version of Fireball? Of course I know. It's a difficult magic to deal with, being fire-based and having physical force as well."

"Oh, that. Are you learning that?"

"Yes?"

Rilis's eyes widened. Pik chuckled and waved his hand.

"Ah, just kidding."

"Do I look like someone who jokes about this?"

"You should make sense when you speak. I admit it's powerful. But you come from a world without magic. There's no way to learn except from someone else, right? How would you learn?"

"Then why don't you try it out yourself? Is that okay?"

"I don't mind."

"...Really?"

Rilis approached with a doubtful look. Tayssan opened the system window.

"[Beginner Magic: Blaze] [Mana Consumption: 6] [Proficiency: 1%] [Launches a moderate-sized fireball. Deals greater damage to non-immune targets. Attempts to inflict [Burn] status on the target. Has minor physical force.]"

Rilis's pupils dilated.

"...What is this?"

"How about that? Impressive, isn't it?"

The ghost boasted proudly, as if showing off how amazing his creation was.

And Rilis didn't have the attention to spare for it.
"What is this? Blaze? How... How could...?"

She stammered as if confronted with something unimaginable.

"What in the world..."

"Tell me?"

"Huh?"

She paused. In a brief moment of contemplation, laden with desires of a magician and a conscience intertwined, she spoke. 

"I wish I could tell you... But... I'm not sure if there's anything I can do..."

"It's not that difficult. I'll just show you."

There's a good chance she'll have a long-term relationship with Rilis. It doesn't hurt to have a little favor. Rilis' face is filled with joy.

"Are you an angel? Or are you a messenger from God? Are you teaching this to me? If you're the. ح even ? Pu even if شL in if
"Can't you learn it?"

"Wouldn't a magician train their stamina? If you can't keep up with a fireball, why bother using it? Just use a different spell."

Rilis groaned in frustration.

"...But it's not all bad. So there's a difference in that kind of judgment. I didn't know that. I can try various things. Thank you."

She looked at Taesan with admiring eyes.

"How did you find such a difference? Are adventurers favored by the gods after all?"

"I've tried this and that. And I have a question. What exactly is the difference in numerical accuracy in magic?"

"Why ask all of a sudden? What did you gain?"

Taesan showed her a staff of cold composure. After confirming it, Rilis let out an exclamation of admiration.

"This magic reduces mana consumption by 6. You can't find equipment like this even on the 10th floor."

"So magic has some degree of difference?"

"It's simple. Magic + means it's a percentage."

"So 6 means it's 6%?"
"Right. Here, 'percent' applies to everything about magic. Duration, judgment bonuses, power, and so on... Think of it as everything except mana consumption getting stronger."

"Then that's good."

"It's not just good, it's great, isn't it?"

If it wasn't just a 6% increase in power but a bonus for everything else, it could be used as a weapon substitute depending on the conditions.

He understood everything he wanted to know.

Taesan turned his body. Rilis waved her hand enthusiastically.

"See you on the 7th floor!"

Taesan headed towards the stairs leading down.

Finally, the 7th floor. Now, he was not far from the 10th floor.

[7th Floor Quest Begins.] [Defeat the boss of the 7th floor and proceed.] [Reward: Earring of the Brave.] [Secret Reward: ???]

As they arrived at the entrance, as always, the dwarf was waiting.

"You're here?"

"Do you have any Blessed Dust?"

"I don't have any."

Even if he only had two or three, he could get something. It seemed that it wouldn't be easy to get it.

"In that case, I'll sell these."

Taesan took out the hides and teeth of lizardmen and big rats. Leather was necessary for a blacksmith, but he didn't need this much.
"Quite a lot... This should be around two thousand gold. What are you buying?"

"No, thanks."

"Are you just going to pass this time too? How much money are you trying to save up?"

"I have plenty."

He had saved up nearly five thousand gold. But it still wasn't enough.

He would have to pass the tenth floor to make proper use of it.

"See you next time."

"I'm bored though."

Ignoring the words laden with sarcasm, Taesan walked away.

"We're on the 7th floor now."

The ghost spoke as soon as they exited the store. Taesan chuckled at the obvious change in attitude.

"Do you really dislike it that much?"

"I told you. He acts only for his own gain. But... you don't have to worry. My dislike for him stems from personal experience. It's unrelated to you."

Unlike when he spoke about the dwarf before, there was a restrained emotion in his tone. The ghost erased the lingering aura.

"Anyway, we're on the 7th floor. Remember our agreement?"

"When we come here, he said he would teach swordsmanship."

Initially refusing to teach, the ghost had promised to reveal it once they reached the 7th floor after Taesan had secured his stats.
The time has come now.

* * *

"I will teach you the swordsmanship of our empire."

The ghost had said he was a prince of the empire and had come here to save a world on the brink of destruction.

"The Cabert Empire revered strength. The weak had no value, and if you had power, most things were permissible. The oppression of the weak by the strong was common and considered justified. It was no different even among the noble families. I had six brothers."

Those with royal blood fought over succession rights.

In the case of the Cabert Kingdom, it wasn't just political strife.

"I triumphed over my brothers. I plunged a knife into their throats and secured my claim to the throne."

"It's a cruel world."

"Everyone said so. Even little Lirys did. They asked how anyone could live in such a savage world. But for me, it was my one and only world."

The ghost spoke melancholically.
"I want to go back, but I can't. I've missed the chance to save them. At the very least, leaving evidence of my world behind is the least I can do to atone."

The ghost spoke calmly after suppressing his emotions for a moment.

"As martial arts of such a world, its characteristics are also striking. First of all, there is no defense."