
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 440

440. The 86th Floor, the World of Inanimate Objects (2)

Kagaga!

The axe spun around and flew towards Taesan's head. Taesan grabbed the handle. The axe started to go berserk.

Taesan threw the axe away. The surrounding weapons, stuck in the ground, stood up and caught the flying axe.

Taesan burst out laughing at the sight, which was almost human-like.

"What kind of world is this?"

These inanimate objects were alive.

It was not an exaggeration to say that they were living beings made of iron. Taesan's arrows were similar, but these objects had a far more advanced sense of self.

It didn't seem like a place created simply to be used as a layer of the labyrinth.

If he were to ask the ghost about this, but the ghost was not here.

Instead, Taesan called out to Minerva.

[You called out to Minerva, the Wind Spirit King.]

"Hehehe."

The wind gathered, and Minerva appeared. As she stepped onto the ground, her initial reaction was discomfort.

"......Master. Where are we? I don't sense any natural energy at all?"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I don't know. I called you to figure that out. Is there a place you can guess?"

"Huh?"

Minerva, who was looking around the area of Taesan, tilted her head.

"By the way, where did the ghost go?"

The ghost had always been by Taesan's side. Minerva also immediately realized that the ghost was gone.

"It left me for a moment."

"Isn't that a quest-bound relationship? Can you just leave like that?"

"The quest is over."

Taesan replied. Minerva understood.

"I see... it's become lonely. It's okay. Master. I have Barujaza with me."

"Let's put that story aside for now. Can you tell me what kind of world this is?"

"Hmm..."

Minerva tapped her chin with her finger.

"There are so many lifeless things, and most of them have weak wills. And I don't sense any other life. The spirits are the same. It's like a world created just for weapons."

Minerva spoke in an ambiguous tone.

"Is the blacksmith a god?"

"Blacksmith?"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The god who dominates and governs the concept of nothingness. I'm not sure, but it seems that's the case. He's a god who is fundamentally not close to us."

Minerva continued speaking.

"He's said to be able to create a weapon that can transcend mortality itself, allowing its wielder to reach a high level of mastery. But I'm not sure if that's true or just a rumor. I've heard that he has multiple realms where he stores his weapons. Maybe this is one of those worlds?"

Minerva shook her head.

"I don't know anything beyond that. He's a god who is too far removed from me."

"That's enough."

I had obtained some rough information. Minerva's face looked uneasy as she shrunk back.

"Then, master, I'm sorry, but can I go back now? There's no natural energy here. Only cold metal exists. This place is too uncomfortable for me."

"Yes, go back."

"Thank you, master. Call me again when you need me."

Minerva returned to the spirit realm with a relieved expression. As she had said, the only thing that could be felt here was the will of the weapons. There was no sense of anything else as a world.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It was as if this world itself was a showcase created for those countless weapons.

Ka-ga-ga-k!

Dozens of weapons embedded around Taesan suddenly sprang out. They rushed to pierce Taesan's entire body.

"Back off."

[You activated the Declaration of Exclusion.]

Ka-aa-aa-ang!

The weapons, driven by intense willpower, flew at Taesan simultaneously.

They seemed to be flustered, stumbling about.

However, there were too many weapons to subdue one by one. No matter how hard Taesan fought, the attacks continued, making it a troublesome task.

[You activated Baal's Overlapping Darkness.]

The overlapping darkness enveloped Taesan's body.

The weapons' willpower wavered, losing their grip on Taesan. Taesan ignored them and focused his mind.

[You activated Leraize's Domain Detection.]

The detection power spread out into the world. In an instant, everything in the world entered Taesan's mind.

At this point, if there were no obstacles, it would only take time for Taesan to grasp everything, even a planet larger than Earth, from where he sat.

As a result, Taesan discovered that this world was roughly the same size as Earth."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"And on the other hand, I also realized that there was something with enormous power.

It's probably the King's Sword, the quest's goal. Taesan couldn't help but be slightly surprised.

The power felt from the King's Sword was enormous.

It was a power that had reached the extreme of mortal limits.

It seemed impossible to subdue it even with the power of a mortal.

Balbam said that he had pulled out a layer from a deep place. In other words, this layer existed even in ordinary labyrinths.

And his words implied that it was highly likely that Iteayeon had also cleared this layer.

'Have I told a story about this layer before?'

Taesan didn't remember all the stories she had told. Unfortunately, he couldn't recall.

After thinking for a moment, Taesan took a step forward.

However, the direction Taesan was heading was not towards the room where the King's Sword was.

The facts Taesan discovered through realm detection were three major ones.

The size of the world.

The location of the weapon that seemed to be the King's Sword.

And one other living being besides Taesan.

Taesan took a step forward. His body rapidly traversed the space in an instant.

After a while, Taesan discovered a small cave."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan walked towards the cave.

Around the cave, like other places, there were countless weapons stuck in the ground. But something was different.

The weapons here had a very stable will, unlike the ones that were extremely brutal and refused to acknowledge anyone. The weapons placed near the cave had a very stable will.

Taesan picked one up.

[A sword with a refined will] [A nameless sword born in this world, self-tempered, and reborn as a sharp weapon with the help of a skilled blacksmith.] [Attack power + 1000] [It has its own will and helps its master.]

The sword with a will that had rushed towards Taesan as soon as it entered this world had no value as a weapon.

But this sword had transformed into a proper weapon.

Taesan entered the cave.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The sound of hammering echoed, and a hot, fiery energy stuck to his skin.

Whoa.

As Taesan moved forward, the weapons in the cave stood up.

It was as if they were trying to protect their master.

"Stop it. You guys. You seem like guests."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

A leisurely voice echoed. The weapons slowly returned to their places.

Taesan arrived at the deepest part of the cave.

There was a dwarf there.

It was a dwarf with a ridiculous appearance, like something out of a fairy tale. He was holding a hammer that didn't match his body and was striking an anvil.

Clang!

The dwarf spoke sharply.

"You, are you an adventurer?"

[You're a crazy dwarf. You've met Coslun.]

* * *

Coslun. It was a name that was etched in his memory. Half-ran had mentioned him before.

A madman who went beyond the limits of mortality to create equipment. When it came to equipment related to willpower, he was superior to himself.

"Why aren't you answering? Are you an adventurer?"

Taesan nodded his head. Coslun tilted his head.

"I said there wouldn't be any adventurers coming here for a while after making a new contract. Does it not matter?"

Coslun proudly puffed out his chest. He, who barely reached Taesan's waist, shouted loudly.

"I am Coslun! The great master who has taken root in the labyrinth! Don't forget and engrave it in your brain!"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I know. I know that you have the name Coslun and that you're very skilled at handling equipment related to willpower."

Coslun's face, which was about to proudly declare something, suddenly turned pale.

"What's going on? How did you know?"

"Halfran told me."

"Halfran?"

Coslun scowled.

"......You're not the kind of guy to tell adventurers that. Oh, I see. You're quite capable, aren't you? I suppose it's natural, given that you've made it this far."

Coslun's gaze towards Taesan was filled with interest. Taesan asked him,

"I heard you were staying on the 70th floor."

"That's what I used to do. But a place I've been longing for in the depths has opened up, so I changed my contract and moved right away."

Coslun's face lit up with excitement as he waved his hammer.

"Hafran. I wonder if he'll come too? No, that's not possible. This is a place far from his area of expertise, so it's better if he doesn't come."

"What kind of place is this?"

"This is where the magician and the blacksmith god recently made a contract. Thanks to that, we can now use the blacksmith god's domain, which was previously inaccessible, in the labyrinth."

Minerva's words were correct. This place was indeed the domain of the blacksmith god.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Cosrun smiled proudly and said,

"I knew the truth the moment I changed the contract with Balbam. There was a bit of a struggle, but I was able to secure a spot in the realm of the Blacksmith God! I can now handle all the equipment here, including the top-notch gear that can't be found outside, as I please! It's amazing!"

"Can you really change the contract as you like?"

"Of course, I had to secure a spot in the labyrinth for my own desires! If a better way to achieve my desires appears, it's only natural to change the contract!"

When I think about it, the original quest of the ghost was to defeat the secret boss on the 10th floor.

But after learning the truth, a new quest emerged. It seemed that changing the contract was also possible to achieve the contractor's desires.

"Of course, there's a price to pay! That's why I made a contract with the Blacksmith God! When I achieve my desires, I become a part of this place! I become one of the many weapons embedded in the earth!"

"......Forever?"

"Of course!"

Cosrun chuckled to himself.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"What kind of weapon will I become? Will I become a sword or a shield? I'm really looking forward to it!"

"……."

"I have to become a weapon and exist here forever. It's a story that would drive an ordinary person to despair, but Coslun seems to be eagerly anticipating it."

"You're crazy," he said. It was just as Half Ran said. Although we only met briefly, I could tell that Coslun's values were twisted.

"By the way, I heard that there's no one worthy of coming here for the time being. That's amazing. Is there already an adventurer who has reached the 100th floor?"

Coslun muttered in amazement. Taesan scowled.

"Is this the 100th floor?"

"What are you talking about? Of course, it's the 100th floor."

Coslun had a face that said "What kind of ridiculous thing are you saying?"

I had expected it to be around the 90th floor, but I didn't think we'd reach the 100th floor.

"I wonder if this was originally the end of the labyrinth."

"Judging by your expression, you seem to be special or something... but it has nothing to do with me."

Coslun swung his hammer, and a loud clang echoed out.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I'll just do my part. You've made it this far. You've earned Halfren's recognition. I think you can help me enough. So, I'll give you a quest."

[Sub-quest starts.] [Dwarf Coslun wants to create a weapon that surpasses mortal limits, exceeding his own boundaries. Help make his wish come true.] [Condition: Bring the weapons Coslun desires.] [Reward: Coslun will decide based on your achievement.]

Note: "할 일" can be translated to "part" or "job", but in this context, it seems to mean that the speaker will do their part in helping the listener, and now it's the listener's turn to do their part.