
Episode 46

46. 7th Floor, Sword of the Ruined World (3)

After that, it was half a grind.

Changing all weapons to rusty swords, with an attack power of only 2, battles took a long time. It took an hour to barely defeat one monster.

"Is this the best way to do it here?"

[That's correct. But try twisting a bit more. Move your left wrist about 3cm to the right.]

After receiving feedback on his movements, he heads back towards the monsters.

Then the battle begins. He attempts to incorporate the feedback he received from the ghost. At first, it feels awkward, but as the battle continues, his movements become smoother.

[You have defeated the Lizardman Warrior.] [Proficiency with the Storm Catastrophe Sword has increased by 1%.]

And once again, he receives feedback on his movements.

[Hmm... not bad, but when you turn your body to the left, try moving your left foot a bit further forward. With your current movements, it'll be difficult to close the distance if the opponent moves back a bit.]

The ghost pointed out the details of his movements, and Taesan followed his advice.
Next, he turned towards the next monster. Following the ghost's instructions, he moved his left foot forward.

"Squawk!"

With that, he found it much easier to stick close to the opponent. Taesan continued to refine his movements while wielding the sword.

[Proficiency with the Storm Catastrophe Sword has increased by 1%.]

Time passed.

Days went by. Twelve hours in battle, six hours sleeping, and six hours replenishing stamina and refining movements. He managed meals in the gaps between movements, minimizing any time loss.

The ghost let out a dry laugh.

[It's true that this is the way to get stronger, but no matter how you think about it, it's strange. Are you okay? Not tired? Must be terribly boring for you?]

"Why would this be boring? I find it enjoyable."

Taesan couldn't understand.

With each battle, the increase in proficiency was physically felt. There was minimal risk, no need for imposing restrictions. Rewards based on actions were also certain.

Countless repetitions without a clear answer, unsure when achievements would come.

Thinking about that, Taesan couldn't comprehend why something so comfortable would be considered boring.

The ghost chuckled softly.
[Madman.]

And so time passes.

He refines his movements with each battle and starts again.

Like building a castle, he systematically excludes unnecessary actions.

And so three days pass.

* * *

Taesan moves the hand holding the sword. In an instant, the blade twists disorientingly and the wind sharpens fiercely.

It has become noticeably smoother and faster than before. The movements now were ones he could never have seen before.

"So this is swordsmanship. It's definitely different."

Until now, he hadn't properly responded to the opponent's movements.

Their movements had seemed meaningless to him, so he had no way of knowing how to move in a way that was possible for the other.

For those problems that had not yet found the ح get
"There won't be much change in swordsmanship, so it's only natural."

Thinking like that, he encounters a monster.

"Kaah!"

The lizardman thrusts with his spear. As he deflects and begins to move, the ghost speaks.

"Move your foot forward."

Taesan hesitates for a moment. The ghost had given advice after defeating enemies so far, but had never spoken during battle.

Nevertheless, Taesan immediately follows the ghost's advice and steps his foot forward.

The distance with the enemy shortened. The lizardman grasps his spear shorter and swings.

"Kaah!"

"Clear your mind and follow the did life even th of is had ? unto
He advances. The lizardman swings his spear with a face full of rage. He reads the trajectory and blocks it.

"Anticipation through prediction. Rely on your senses. Use your whole body. Step forward, hands to your chest, advancing like a beast."

He attacks the lizardman. After parrying the spear, both hands wielding a sword trace an afterimage.

"Lizardman Warrior takes 6 damage." "Lizardman Warrior takes 5 damage." "Lizardman Warrior takes 5 damage." "Lizardman Warrior takes 6 damage." "Lizardman Warrior takes 6 damage."

...

Unprecedented, incalculable damage appears. It was much faster and more numerous than combining consecutive and breathless attacks. The lizardman collapses with a scream.

"You have defeated the Lizardman Warrior." "Storm Scar Mastery of the Sword increased by 3%."

"This is..."

The movement is different.

It's not just quick attacks made up of stats.

Literally inhuman, it was a flawless series of attacks impossible to conceive even once in the mind.

The ghost calmly states,

"That's Storm Scar's first sword. Wolf Fang."

* * *

"Good."


[High-Level Skill: Storm Scar's Sword] [Proficiency: 12%] [A swordsmanship passed down from a destroyed world. Currently, only one person has mastered it.]

It was almost comical how he had thought it a shame.

Could he face Wolf Fang without any information?

The answer was no.

It was impossible with physical reactions alone, even if his stats were significantly higher. The strikes were imbued with such speed and fluidity.

He was satisfied. If he had wielded this against the breed of Raki Ratas, victory would have come more easily.

[That's the first sword. There are still many swords left, but I lack the experience to handle them. It's better to learn slowly. So, it's a bit disappointing.]

The ghost savored his words.

[There's no one strong enough.]

Even if he stripped off all his equipment, the difference in base stats was too great. No matter how hard he tried to restrain himself, the moment he collided, he would be pushed back, with limits to what he could try.

[It'll be tough to significantly increase proficiency like this. I need someone stronger to appear. I want to teach you up to the second sword before I leave, but...]

"Is there such a person?"

[There isn't, and that's the problem.]
Taesan's stats were incredibly high.

"To be honest, even a boss on the 10th floor would probably lose to you now. But such a guy can't just appear. Still, it's regrettable," the voice tinged with regret echoed.

Taesan continued to roam the labyrinth. However, no more monsters appeared.

"Have you caught them all?"

Having swiftly defeated over thirty, it was close to dawn. Taesan now began searching for secret rooms.

Twenty minutes later, he found a promising location for a secret room.

An hour later, he found the secret room.

Creak.

The door opened. Inside were numerous traps and beyond them, a single box lay.

Traps were no longer an issue at this stage. Taesan was agile enough to react to floor panels triggering arrows and evade them.

Taesan began using his trap disarming skill.

"[Judgment successful! Trap disarmed.]" "[Proficiency in Trap Disarmament increased by 1%.]"

He proceeded to disarm each visible trap. Sometimes he failed, triggering the trap, but he managed to mitigate the damage and tried again to disarm it.
The ghost, perhaps resigned by now, remained silent and watched quietly beside Taesan.

Thirty minutes later, all traps were disarmed. Taesan reached the box.

"Rune of Agility"

Like the Rune of Strength, it increased agility. Without hesitation, he used it.

"Used Rune of Agility." "Agility + 10"

He gathered everything there was to take. Taesan exited the secret room.

He looked around overall, but nothing special caught his eye.

"There's nothing here."

"Sometimes there should be empty floors like this. From what I remember, there was something on the next floor."

Going to the next room is the right answer. Before heading towards the boss, Taesan moved into a spacious room. Standing in front of the door, he cast a spell.

"You have activated Frost Arrow."

Splat.

An arrow of pure ice materialized in the air. Instantly, cold spread throughout the room.

"Interesting idea."

Taesan fired the arrow.

Ping.

It hit the wall with a light sound.

The speed was the same as Fireball. The size was similar too. So, making it in a similar manner should work.

"You have activated Frost Arrow."

He immediately stamped his foot after shooting the arrow.
"You have activated Frost Arrow."

Splat.

The ice swells as they collide with each other. Instead of an arrow, it transforms into a spherical shape and collides with the wall.

Crash!

Cold spreads along the wall. Frost sticks to it.

"You have learned Frost Arrow." [Beginner Magic: Frost Arrow] [Mana Cost: 6] [Proficiency: 1%] [Fires a Frost Arrow. Deals significant damage to non-immune targets. Attempts to inflict [Frostbite] status on the target. Strong cold can freeze liquids.]

"Great."

"Already two beginner magics. That little Lily had to work hard just to learn one. And she didn't even have to pay anything to learn it. Oh well."

The incredulous voice of the ghost echoes. Taesan immediately casts the spell.

"You have activated Frost Arrow."

Crash!

Instantly, the room's temperature drops. The cold is so intense that it clings to him as he casts the arrow towards the wall.

Crash!

The wall freezes over. It was a cold unlike anything modern dry ice could compare to.
"This is pretty good too."

Monsters might resist to some extent due to their high stats, but this level of cold can be useful outside of combat as well.

Spray water and shoot Frost Arrows to clear paths, or use it multiple times in quick succession to create ice barriers.

There are different ways to utilize it compared to fire. Perhaps it could be more useful for such purposes than in combat.

After confirming his magic, Taesan headed towards the boss room.

"Kaah!"

[Elite Lizardman appears.]

"No name."

[Monsters with names are very rare. Elite rank confirmed.]

Having no name means it doesn't use skills. Still, being called elite implies it won't be weak.

In other words, it's adequate practice. With a sword in each hand, Taesan faced the Elite Lizardman.

"Kaah!"

He parried and blocked swinging spears, slashing wrists, stabbing thighs, and hitting the chin.

"Kaah!"

The staggering opponent raises his hand to attack Taesan.

At that moment, Taesan moves his sword
The opponent attacks the trajectory where the spear moves. The lizardman desperately pulls back his wrist.

"Kaah!"

The opponent's attack is blocked by Taesan's attack. Taesan presses his body against the opponent's thigh and continues his assault.

"Ka, Kaaa!"

The lizardman changes tactics, aiming for an opportunity while blocking. However, Taesan had no intention of giving him such a chance. He sticks even closer and disrupts the trajectory of the sword.

"Kaah?"

As if the opponent is defenseless, he strikes with ferocity. The lizardman tries frantically to block, but Taesan twists his wrist and attacks another area.

"Kieeek..."

Finally, the elite lizardman collapses without being able to do anything.

"You have defeated the elite lizardman." "Your level has increased." "Stormscar Sword proficiency has increased by 1%."

"That was easy."

He had definitely grown stronger. He won without using a single skill.

If he hadn't mastered swordsmanship, it wouldn't have been so easy. Despite the stat advantage, he might have taken some damage due to being unable to predict the opponent's movements.

Swordsmanship. The difference between knowing and not knowing information was truly significant, he realized.
[Advanced Skill: Stormscar Sword] [Proficiency: 13%] [A swordsmanship passed down from a world in ruins. Currently, only one person has mastered it.]

Already at 13% proficiency. Quite a rapid progress.

"Since I'm still at the beginning, it's going up quickly now, but once it passes 30%, it'll increase more slowly. There's no shortcut. You have to practice slowly to master it."

Taesan checked his clear reward.

[Earring of the Schemer] [Mana + 10] [A precious item unique to the schemer. They would protect their life at any cost.]

"Oh?"

A mana earring. And it adds up to 10 mana. It meant fewer restrictions on using magic and skills.

And a secret reward.

[You have used ???] [Obtained Sturdy Leather Armor.]

"Armor. It's about time to change."

The armor he's currently wearing is a defense 2 armor he bought a long time ago. He needed to change it, but he didn't need the defense right away so he left it alone. He also thought he would get it someday.

[Sturdy Leather Armor] [Defense + 10] [Agility + 2] [Sturdy leather armor. There aren't many who would say it's not good.]
The defense is up to 10. It even has agility. The secret reward was always like this, but it wasn't equipment that could be obtained at this point.

"Status window."

[Gang Taesan] [Level: 20] [Shield: 45/45] [Health: 785/785] [Mana: 123/123] [Strength: 166] [Intelligence: 82] [Agility: 142] [Attack +24] [Defense +26] [The target is in optimal condition.]

Proof of spiritual rise and victory. Thanks to various skills, stats steadily increase.

Even in Easy Mode, there were quite a few cases where passing through the floors perfectly did not make one stronger, but now, such a sight could not be found even in the dust.