
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

**Episode 470**

470. 89th Floor, Gosin's Outpost (3)

"Ugh!"

"Kkkk!"

They are being pushed back. A man who barely maintains his posture looks at the broken liquor bottle with a frantic face.

"My liquor..."

"This isn't the time for that!"

Someone quickly draws their weapon and shouts roughly.

At the center of the explosion, Taesan stands quietly.

"How did you get here?"

This is Gosin's territory. Even if they are transcenders who dominate the current universe, they cannot easily intervene.

"Die!"

Taesan is the first to regain his composure and charges at Taesan. His entire body undergoes a grotesque transformation. Dirty, slimy liquid flows out and contaminates the ground.

He swings his entire body to attack. Taesan clenches his fist.

"Kuuuuuuung!"

"Kkehkehkeh!"

The one who charged at Taesan is slammed to the ground. With a painful groan, the slimy liquid surrounding his body sticks to Taesan.

"Haha, haha! Get contaminated!"

He, who is on the verge of death, shouts with all his might.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The sticky substance attached to Taesan's entire body began to seep into his skin. It was trying to contaminate his spirit and body.

"Rot away!"

He was certain of Taesan's death.

He was the apostle of the filthy contamination, granted the power to control the sticky substance that could pollute all things.

Many strong warriors had been contaminated by the sticky substance and perished. Taesan couldn't stop it. He didn't doubt it.

"Is this kind of power also possible?"

Taesan responded lightly.

Kiieeing!

A divine aura enveloped his entire body.

More than anything, the thick golden light attached to his body burned away the contamination, eradicating it. In an instant, Taesan returned to his normal state.

"I can purify with divinity. It's not that threatening."

"Huh, how...?"

"The difference in strength is this great, so it's not a threat."

Taesan replied calmly and sheathed his sword. He spat out blood and died.

As he watched the corpse dissolve away, Taesan retrieved his sword.

"The awakening of the spirit is not triggered. What a shame."

These were lower-ranking immortals. The gap between them and Taesan was too great. The conditions for the awakening of the spirit were not met.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan raised his head.

The remaining underlings surrounding him couldn't approach, stumbling backward.

"Come and see."

Taesan mocked them.

"You think that if you combine your strength, you can kill me?"

"......You!"

"You're the one who betrayed us!"

"It's not betrayal. I was never on your side to begin with."

Kiying.

Taesan's sword was imbued with divine energy.

A brilliant, golden light reflected off the darkened world.

"To be precise, the traitors are you."

They abandoned this world and sided with the evil gods.

They killed countless lives and sought to destroy the world.

"You should have thought that you could also die."

Taesan moved.

They also gritted their teeth and responded. Their bodies began to ooze a sticky liquid, and some of them scattered black particles in all directions.

Kuuuuung!

The 1:9 battle had begun.

Darkness, filthy creatures, and divine energy exploded and swept through.

Taesan responded to their attacks with a calm and collected demeanor, unleashing his powers.

"Most of them are probably underlings of the filthy corruptors."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Like seven out of nine people who initially rushed at him, their entire bodies underwent a grotesque transformation, oozing out filthy mucus. As they were the ones who intervened in this world the most, their underlings were numerous as well.

And the remaining two were scattering darkness throughout the world.

They engulfed the space itself, turning it into their own domain. Using the engulfed domain, they attempted to crush the mountain.

'Endless spreading darkness.'

The two seemed to be the underlings of that god.

They had the power to contaminate bodies and domains. And the power to engulf the world itself, turning it into their own domain.

Kwaaaang!

The mountain unleashed its divine power. With that alone, the contamination disappeared, and the domain that was engulfed by darkness regained its original form.

"Huuuuh!"

They desperately rushed at the mountain, but couldn't reach it.

They were at most lower-level immortals.

There was an absolute difference in power between them and the mountain. No matter how powerful the god's authority was, if the user was weak, they couldn't fully utilize its power.

But they couldn't acknowledge that fact.

One underling staked his life and rushed at the mountain. His chest was pierced, but he grabbed the mountain's arm. The contamination began to slowly seep into the mountain.

His face brightened for a moment, but soon became gruesomely distorted."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

With just a light wave of his hand, Taesan dispelled the contamination.

"I can do it! I can wield his power! Why not!"

"You're too weak."

Taesan said calmly.

To begin with, the contamination didn't stand a chance against Taesan, who possessed self-immunity.

Kwajik.

"Kuaaahk!"

The henchman pierced by Taesan's sword flew far away, and other henchmen targeted the opening.

Taesan planted his feet on the ground and gathered his strength. The earth's energy enveloped his entire body like armor.

Kuuuuung!

Their powers clashed.

Their armor couldn't withstand the force and shattered, but Taesan drew on the earth's power again to reform his armor.

"I can handle this level of power without a problem."

He was currently testing the authority of the two immortals he had obtained on the 88th floor.

The first authority he confirmed was the ability to trample the earth. It wasn't bad. Although they were lower-ranking immortals, they could wield the power of the gods. Taesan, who could manipulate black energy and possessed self-immunity, was unaffected, but his destructive power was considerable.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"He was defending himself with the energy of the earth alone. Although there were limits, it seemed possible to defend against ordinary attacks.

The next power to be confirmed was the Lord of the Sky.

Taesan's body rose into the sky. At the same time, the sky began to transform into Taesan's domain.

Taesan gathered the energy of the sky and wielded it.

The wind exploded and swept away the underlings.

"Kkkkkuuuu!"

The underlings protected their entire bodies. The fierce storm swept away their entire bodies, cutting them down.

"Uuuuuuuhhh..."

They didn't die. They withstood Taesan's attack.

However, they couldn't completely block it. Large and small wounds appeared on the underlings' entire bodies.

"Not bad."

As he had become a transcendent being, he could handle the power he had stolen through his increased spiritual energy quite well.

What was most remarkable was that there was no cost to using it. As long as he had his feet on the ground or was floating in the air, he could activate it. Since he could use it without any cost, its usability was high.

Kuuuuuuung!

He blew away the underlings who were rushing at him with the wind. Despair slowly crept into their eyes.

It's not reaching."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The desperate attack was blocked by their own immobility, and the power that swung carelessly was enough to kill them and still have strength left over.

At first, I believed I could still win. So I didn't retreat and continued to fight.

But now they knew too.

They alone could never defeat the great mountain.

"Hold on, hold on."

Someone stuttered and said.

"When the administrator returns, they'll come straight here. If we can just hold on until then..."

"I'm sorry, but I've confirmed everything I needed to with you guys."

There was nothing more to see here.

[You activated magic overlap.] [You activated Great Collapse [Negation].]

Boom.

A dark sphere formed.

And one more, another one appeared.

Three spheres overlapped, scattering a powerful shockwave.

Their faces turned pale. Just as they were about to flee, the great mountain released its magic.

[You activated magic release.]

"Aaahhh!"

They desperately moved to survive, covering their entire bodies with pollution and strongly summoning a black domain.

But the negation magic devoured everything calmly.

They were all engulfed by the dark sphere and disappeared."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The ten apostles of the high gods, who had destroyed numerous worlds, vanished just like that.

Taesan didn't stay still.

They said the administrator had temporarily left this place empty.

There was much to be done before the administrator returned.

* * *

The battle between him and the underlings. The clash of their powers was felt by everyone in this world.

An outsider had invaded this world.

The actions of the underlings who realized this were varied. Some watched from a distance, while others fled as far as possible. Or, they might charge at Taesan to try and take him down.

Those who chose the latter did not get a good result.

Kuuuuung!

"Kkweeok!"

Most of the underlings here couldn't escape the lower ranks of immortality. They couldn't pose a threat to Taesan.

"Show me the power you possess."

Taesan applies gentle pressure. With just that, his opponent feels threatened and turns pale, revealing their power.

Something invisible clings to Taesan.

Something strange and foreign is intervening in Taesan, trying to steal his power.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The moment the opponent's face brightened, Taesan shook his entire body. Something inhumane was erased.

"Ah..."

The opponent's face was dyed with despair.

Taesan was in a state of shock, typical of himself.

"I was trying to erase my skills."

To confirm what kind of power it was, he didn't resist and accepted it. Then, it penetrated his essence and tried to make some of his skills nonexistent.

"Amazing."

Quaaduk.

"Kuh-huh."

A sword was thrust into the chest of the lowly servant. He couldn't even scream and died.

Taesan continued to move.

He killed the approaching lowly servants, and when they all disappeared, he went to find and defeat those who were watching.

As a result, Taesan was able to confirm several powers. Most of them were filthy, polluted creatures or endless darkness-spreading lowly servants, but there were a few exceptions.

"It's okay."

Each power was unique and inhumane. Among them, there was one that could devour Taesan's attacks and make them his own. If he had met an opponent of equal strength without any information, he would have likely suffered a great loss.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Now that I've confirmed this, it will be advantageous to respond when I encounter an enemy with similar powers in the future."

"Is it half?"

Half of the underlings had fallen to Taesan's hands. The remaining ones were fleeing from Taesan in desperation, as if they had lost their minds.

Taesan had no intention of letting them go.

The quest he had received was to destroy the forward base.

Even the high-ranking officials were unable to intervene, blocked by the transcenders. Just looking at the massive clash of powers happening in the sky beyond, it was clear.

There was plenty of time. He would take them down one by one, and tidy up.

Taesan moved relentlessly. The underling who had been desperately fleeing let out a scream.

"Save me!"

"No."

Quaad.

He mercilessly plunged his sword in.

Everyone here was someone who had destroyed a world or two. There was no need to show mercy.

Those who had destroyed numerous worlds would die like the ones they had killed.

"Ah, ah......"

It was the moment Taesan was about to deliver the finishing blow to the fallen underling.

Quaad!

Space split apart.

A massive wave of power scattered everywhere. And from there, a single existence appeared.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"What's inside is anger.

The face of the dying low-ranking officer brightens up.

"Ah, ah, ah... Finally, you've come. Finally, you're here..."

Thud.

Taesan finishes him off with a sword.

Kwaang!

A blood-soaked arm appears, piercing through the torn space, and the figure reveals itself.

His entire body was covered in blood.

Even his hair was dyed bright red with blood, making it impossible to tell its original color.

"These guys don't know what cleanliness is."

Taesan's muttering is met with a fierce gaze.

"...Damn it. You dare, while I was away..."

"What are you going to do?"

"I'll kill you."

Whoosh. The energy bursts out. Taesan laughs and responds.

"Let's try it once."

The surrounding time distorts due to the opponent's energy. A system window appears, revealing the opponent's identity.

[The avatar of the time-walking monster has appeared.]