
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 471

471. 89th Floor, Gosin's Outpost (4)

"How dare you. You've not only killed the empty vessel of the Lord of Calamity and stolen the fragment of the World Destroyer, but you're also looking down on the place I manage?"

Intense hatred and anger seeped out. Taesan gained some information from the Lord of Calamity's words.

"It seems you know my information, considering you're a vessel of the Lord of Calamity."

The Lord of Calamity distorted his face.

"I, the vessel of the monster that walks through time, Paradise. I will kill you."

"Go ahead and try."

Taesan replied lightly.

Paradise raised his hand to the sky.

At that moment, Taesan moved immediately.

While facing the vessel of the empty Lord of Calamity, Taesan knew that the vessel could receive Gosin's authority. He had no intention of letting that happen.

[You have activated acceleration.] [You have activated skill acceleration.]

Taesan charged forward. With acceleration and skill acceleration, Taesan's speed increased by nearly four times. Paradise lost sight of Taesan's movement in an instant.

"Bastard!"
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan was about to stab Paradise in the back in the blink of an eye. Paradise was shocked and hastily retreated, but Taesan was able to catch up with a speed that was fast enough.

However, Taesan knew.

His body was slowing down as he approached Paradise.

Paradise was able to create some distance from Taesan without any problem.

"......You're rude and lack manners. What can you expect from someone who dares to oppose them?"

"What's going on?"

Taesan readjusted his sword. There was a strange sensation. It wasn't just slowing down, it was quite unnatural.

Paradise raised his hand to the sky.

"I am the avatar of the Time-Walking Monster! I am the representative of the one who walks time! Grant me the power to walk time, I beg of you!"

Kuuuuuuung!

At the same time, the sky opened up. A massive power dwelled within Paradise's entire body.

"Huuuuu......"

Paradise opened up space.

On his hand was a short musket pistol.

"It doesn't matter even if you've reached the end of the Transcenders. Their power is to kill Transcenders."

Paradise said with arrogance.

"I'll show you great power."

* * *

The Time-Walking Monster.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It's likely that the power, just like its name, is also related to time.

First, let's understand this power. Taesan, who had activated all buff skills, gathered his mana.

[You activated Great Collapse [Divine].] [You activated Magic Acceleration.] [You activated Skill Acceleration.]

Kukukuku!

A golden orb flew towards Paradise. Although it was a light restraint, the power contained within was close to absolute might. Even an immortal would be in danger of losing their life if hit directly.

Taesan was planning to activate a critical hit or magic explosion depending on his opponent's response.

But Paradise's response was not what Taesan had imagined.

He simply stood still, doing nothing.

And Taesan could see it.

As he got closer to Paradise, the Great Collapse was slowing down.

Paradise easily dodged it. Taesan scowled.

[You activated Magic Explosion.]

Kuuuuung!

The Great Collapse exploded, and the remnants of the explosion scattered in all directions.

But as it got closer to Paradise, the explosion lost its power and slowed down."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Paradise lightly moved his body and dodged the explosion.

"If I don't touch it, it's meaningless."

Paradise stretched out his hand in the air. Space and time distorted, and soon a single bullet materialized.

He loaded the bullet into the gun. The action was like a sacred ritual, filled with sincerity.

Click.

The loaded gun was pointed at Taesan.

"Are you handling a gun?"

It was an enemy type he had never seen before. Since it was a gun that compressed space-time and used it as a bullet, it was not an ordinary gun. First, he would observe. He would analyze the type of attack and its power, and create a countermeasure.

Taesan quietly gazed at the gun muzzle.

His finger pulled the trigger, and Taesan immediately moved. A black bullet was fired.

Its speed was extremely fast, making it difficult to track with the eyes.

However, it was not impossible to dodge. Taesan twisted his body. The bullet was about to graze past Taesan's side.

Whoosh!

At that moment, the bullet left a residual image and distorted.

Taesan felt a strong impact on his chest. His body was pushed back.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

[What's going on?] [Master?]

Taesan clicked his tongue.

A black bullet fell from his chest to the ground. Paradise growled.

"You little rat... daring to wield His power."

Click.

He pulled out the bullet with a furious face.

Thanks to his immutability, he didn't receive any damage. But if he got attacked just one more time, his immutability would be exposed. That bullet contained enough power to do so.

A confused voice cried out.

[Master, you... clearly dodged it, right?] [I saw it too. What just happened?]

"That's right."

The concept that was disrupting his vision and senses was not something that could be understood. It wasn't like the destruction that Shaiyan had wielded, which pierced through at an extremely fast speed.

"Is it reversing?"

It was an extremely unusual power.

Until now, Paradise had shown two kinds of powers.

He grasped them all.

[You activated the mark designation.] [You activated the limited blink.]

Taesan moved right above Paradise's head.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

At the same time, Taesan felt it. He realized that he had become extremely slow.

"This is it."

It wasn't just that his speed had slowed down. If that were the case, the speed at which he fell due to gravity should have remained the same.

But Taesan was falling extremely slowly, as if he were watching a slow-motion video.

Paradise sneered and pulled out a dagger. Just as he was about to stab Taesan in the neck, Taesan activated his skill.

[You have activated Designated Marker Acceleration.]

Designated Marker Acceleration allows for rapid acceleration to a designated location, as if teleporting.

Taesan's body accelerated instantly. Although he was still moving slowly, he was faster than Paradise had anticipated, and the dagger barely grazed past him.

And as Taesan moved away from Paradise, his speed continued to increase. After returning to his designated location, Taesan quickly regained his composure.

[You have activated Baal's Designated Space Collapse.]

Whoa!

The space where Paradise was located began to distort. However, the speed at which it happened was extremely slow. Paradise easily dodged it with a light step.

"You're doing something pointless."

Paradise ridiculed Taesan.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan organized the information he had obtained.

"I got it."

He was certain. One of Paradise's abilities was to interfere with the flow of time around him.

If you were outside a certain range, you wouldn't be affected, but as you got closer to Paradise, the flow of time would slow down. If you got too close, it would reach its peak, making it easy to dodge Taesan's attacks.

It was a troublesome ability that rejected close combat.

"What a ridiculous ability."

Click.

Paradise calmly loaded his gun and aimed at Taesan again.

This time, Taesan didn't dodge.

[You activated the three shields of the guardian.] [You activated the brilliant blue barrier.] [You activated Asta's dark slumber.]

He protected his body with the power of the earth.

It was unavoidable. He had clearly dodged, but the attack still hit.

Then, he would face it head-on with power.

The trigger was pulled, and a black bullet flew towards Taesan. Taesan summoned a great explosion to block the incoming bullet.

Ka-boom!
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The massive explosion collided with the bullet.

The bullet wavered.

Creating numerous afterimages, it distorted. The distorted bullet then began to pierce through the massive explosion, destroying the towering walls one by one.

Taesan infused his sword with divine energy and swung it.

The sword and bullet clashed.

Ka-ga-gak!

In an instant, Taesan's body was pushed back. The bullet contained a power that was difficult for him to withstand.

But Taesan did not retreat. He drew out even more divine energy. A golden light, as if it would set the world ablaze, dyed his sword.

The bullet drew another afterimage.

It was as if time was rewinding, and the same situation repeated itself countless times. And by chance, the bullet moved towards a tiny gap in Taesan's defense, where his divine energy was weak.

The bullet hit Taesan's arm.

Tzeeeer!

He could no longer withstand it, and his invincibility was shattered.

Taesan clicked his tongue.

The bullet that had collided with his defense twisted, as if time was reversing. And it precisely targeted the weak point of his defense, which he had spread out.

'Is this an effect similar to a million possibilities?'
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Although it still needs to be confirmed a bit more, I've got a rough idea. They were powers that were ridiculously difficult to deal with.

But Taesan's face wasn't dark. His eyes were shining.

"Not bad."

Taesan straightened his posture. Paradise, who didn't like his calm demeanor, clicked his tongue.

"You can't block or penetrate His powers. Yet, you still hold onto vain hopes. You're really foolish."

Paradise wore a thick smile.

"Then, I'll crush even that vain hope."

He confidently spread his arms wide. At the same time, the world began to distort.

Something was twisting.

The enormous laws of the world were being destroyed.

Paradise shouted.

"My lord! I offer this world to you! Please defile it!"

Kiiiiing!

A strange noise spread out. A strong shockwave swept through the surroundings.

Taesan tried to move to respond, but realized at that moment.

His body wouldn't move.

No, it wasn't that his body wouldn't move. Time in the world had stopped.

"What?"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan was inwardly shocked. Time in this area had completely stopped. Even he himself was no exception.

"This is..."

Taesan knew about this effect.

Paradise laughed and shouted outside.

"This is the power I possess! The greatest power granted to me by the great one!"

The apostle drew his dagger and quickly rushed towards Taesan, trying to stab him in the chest.

"Die!"

Taesan tried to respond, but it was impossible. Neither his mana, magic, nor physical body could move. Ordinary strength couldn't be activated in this frozen time.

Only powers of equal rank could manifest.

The holy and black powers manifested in the frozen world.

The two powers were barely moving, but they couldn't completely break free from the stopped time, only exerting a faint force.

Taesan combined the two powers into one.

The gray power was realized in the frozen time. Taesan burst it out.

Kwaaaang!

Paradise, who had been rushing towards him, quickly retreated. As the power was broken, the stopped time in the world began to move again.

Taesan immediately retreated. Paradise narrowed his eyes.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"......Can you respond within His power? They will surely be wary of Him. But that's all."

The apostle smiled faintly.

"My power is intervention in time! No matter how hard you struggle, you can't win against me!"

He controlled the absolute concept of time as he pleased. That was the power the apostle had received from the one he served.

The apostle was certain of his victory. He believed that Taesan would despair at his overwhelming power and looked at him.

And his pupils trembled.

A smile hung on Taesan's lips.

It was a laugh that seemed to say, "I can't help it," and "I'm really enjoying this."

"You?"

He had stopped time right now.

He had intervened in the absolute law that no one in this world could resist, and was manipulating it as he pleased. It was a perfect power that his opponent had never seen before.

But why wasn't he despairing?

Why wasn't he surprised?

It was as if the effect of the power he had shown was too familiar, like he had seen it before.

"No, it's not a joke."

Taesan raised the corners of his mouth. His uncontrollable emotions were visible.

"Thank you, really."