
Here is the translation of the text:

Article 477

477. 90th floor. Magician (3)

The magician gazed silently at the Taesan.

Taesan was too alien-like.

He was clearly not surprised even if he had reached the pinnacle of his previous life. In fact, he had to be like that.

However, he was stuck in the ordinary mortal's position.

And when he reached the pinnacle in his current life, he never once encountered an obstacle. He obtained the power that was commensurate with him and immediately reached the pinnacle.

It was as if he had possessed the qualifications from the very beginning.

"I'm really unsure about this, to be honest."

Taesan is twisted.

However, the magician did not know what it was, where it was twisted, and where Taesan should reach.

Only Taesan himself knew.

To become a transcendent being, the most important thing is to accumulate what you have accumulated yourself.

However, that is not all. It is one of the conditions for becoming a transcendent being. Additionally, he had to acquire numerous conditions and qualifications.

One of them was self-knowledge.
Here is the translation of the text:

Understand yourself, grasp what you have accomplished, and reflect on who you are.

You had to know yourself.

The mage thought about taking that opportunity.

"Good, I'll grasp it quickly."

Self-reflection. That couldn't be achieved with someone else's help or hints. Even if you're forced under harsh conditions or limitations, it wouldn't work.

You had to bump into the wall and find the answer yourself.

"Find the answer within yourself."

The mage muttered quietly.

* * *

It's been difficult so far. Then, let's think about a new method and path.

However, the answer didn't come easily as expected.

So, let's think carefully.

"The Transcender."

It's not a realm that has reached the divine like Mount Tai, but a high realm that governs the laws with one's own domain.

That level is monstrous. It has the power to transcend consciousness and exert influence on the entire universe.

So, what should you do to reach that level?

The conditions for reaching the realm. Mount Tai remembered the words it had heard before.

"From the mortal to what you have accumulated."
Here is the translation of the text:

That is more important than anything. It was a phrase I had heard countless times before.

However, it was not just that which was necessary. Even those who had reached the realm of immortality had to rely on what they had accumulated from their mortal life to gain their own powers.

"'What's the difference in what's accumulated?'"

What did I accumulate?

What did I sacrifice my life and self for?

It's possible that such a subtle difference could separate the realms, but I didn't think it was just that.

There was something. Between immortality and transcendence.

But what it was, even the Great Sage didn't know.

After some thought, the Great Sage shook his head. If it were that simple, the Green Witch wouldn't have made a contract with him.

The Great Sage changed his thinking. He focused on himself, not on grand things.

"'I should have reached the realm in my past life,' I said."

Whether it was immortality or transcendence, I had to reach the realm. Many transcendent beings had told the Great Sage this.

However, the Great Sage in his past life was just mortal.

He was undoubtedly different and distorted.
Here is the translation of the text:

"So then, where does this distortion come from?"

I thought it was a very strange thing.

He was able to handle blackness, which was not allowed by the existence of this world.

Why was he able to mix the sacred and black, creating a power that transcends boundaries?

Why was he able to steal the power of the gods and make it his own?

It was all very strange and incomprehensible.

The Great Demon said, "He is a mixed one."

When the Mountain God did not understand what he said, he offered a hint, saying, "Mountain God, recall my journey to you."

"'...My journey.'"

He asked where it started, what it achieved, and how he reached it.

The Mountain God recalled.

It was not related to the events on Earth. He was just an ordinary human there, and the journey referred to by Baal was likely from the time he entered the underworld in his past life.

He still remembered. The crumbling world. The monster that appeared in the sky. And the choice that appeared before them.

At that time, he had chosen the easy mode reflexively.
Here is the translation of the text:

When we first entered the maze, everyone was confused and panicked. However, we soon realized what we had to do and what situation we were in, and everyone started to move slowly through the maze.

Those who were on the easy mode didn't have to worry for long and could finally let out a sigh of relief.

In normal, hard, and solo modes, all we heard were rumors of a hellish experience through the community.

Everyone thought they had made the right choice and that they could survive. "That thought was wrong."

After the first return to the first planet, everyone realized.

We had made the most incorrect judgment and should have at least chosen normal mode.

Tae-san also realized it at that moment.

If so, I wouldn't be able to survive.

The only fate awaiting me was certain death.

From then on, he changed.

He tried to get strong for survival. But no matter how strong he became, he couldn't become stronger beyond the limit of easy mode.

Others also realized this and became desperate and gave up. But Tae-san did not give up.

He found a way to get stronger.

That was the skill.

"I've worked hard."
Here is the translation of the text:

I really suffered back then. At that time, no one knew what conditions were required to obtain skills. Taesan made an impossible attempt to understand the conditions of obtaining skills and finally obtained his main skill after obtaining hundreds of useless skills.

Even if he invested a lot of time and effort to achieve a condition that was ultimately meaningless or obtained a skill that was worthless, he would often feel like giving up and heard people around him telling him to take a break.

But Taesan did not give up.

He continued to work hard without stopping, trying to get all possible skills. As a result, he obtained the skill to stop time and multiply.

However, he was an easy mode player. No matter how strong he became, he couldn't win against the boss due to his basic stats.

From there, he used the left-over stats given by Lee Taeyeon and returned once again.

And now he is here.

He overcame numerous difficulties and grew strong enough to reach a transcendent level.

This is what he has accumulated.

Taesan scowled.

"There's nothing like that."
Here is the translation of the text:

It could be called a great achievement. It was not strange to leap beyond mortality, as the transcendent ones said.

However, it did not mean that he had ascended to a higher realm or possessed a special ability to manipulate boundaries. At least, that was Taesan's judgment.

It was unlikely that time was a problem in the easy mode.

So, what was the problem?

What had troubled him?

He continued to think about it.

"...but I do feel a sense of unease."

It was not clearly expressed, but it was a feeling that was blocked just one step away.

"...and then it hit me."

A thought flashed through Taesan's mind.

Taesan got up from his seat.

"I'll be right back."

"Come back soon. We have plenty of time."

The mage bid him farewell with a relaxed tone.

Taesan climbed up to the labyrinth to find Harphren.

"What brings you here again? Do you have a request?"

"There is something, but I want to ask about something else first."

Taesan opened his mouth.

"Did you see my thoughts?"

He had connected Taesan's thoughts to Harphren's. Taesan's thoughts about Harphren were that he was confident in wielding a hammer in a world made of fire, alone.
Here is the translation of the text:

Halfran hesitated and looked puzzled inside. If he had seen something, he might have known something.

Halfran nodded slightly at Taesan's question with a vague expression.

"I saw it. Why is that?"

"What did you see at that time?"

"It doesn't matter, but... it won't be of much help. A person's thoughts are meaningless until they realize it themselves. If someone else says it, it's just simple language."

Halfran spoke with a strange expression.

"More importantly, if someone else says your thoughts, it can lead to problems. Your mind can become fixed."

"Is there a problem?"

"The problem is that it is like that."

Halfran explained.

"When you listen to someone else's thoughts about your own thoughts, whether you like it or not, the content becomes engraved in your mind. If you're not careful, the thoughts you've accumulated can be shaken."

"You don't have to worry about that."

Taesan replied. Now, he wasn't easily swayed by someone else's words.

"I don't understand it when I look at it. I want to see it from someone else's perspective."

"That's fine then."

Halfran rubbed his chin.
Here is the translation of the text:

He slowly began to speak after recalling the memory.

"First of all, I didn't grasp everything about you. Even if I connected the dots, you were in a completely different realm at that time. All I know is roughly what I saw."

"I know that."

The Taesan of that time was an immortal. Even if I directly connected the dots, a being of inferior rank couldn't understand or accept the existence of a superior being.

"Just to explain what I saw... it was quite peculiar."

"Peculiar?"

"Ultimately, the mind is a fundamental part of an individual. So, it's often intuitive. But... you were different. Something was mixed in."

"Are you talking about black?"

It wasn't particularly surprising in itself.

He obtained blackness. And that power had become an essential part of him.

And ascension to the level of a sage is a power that steals and devours the power of others. I expected that something was amiss. He knew more than what he was saying.

"I don't know. But something felt off."

He said it in a tone that was ambiguous and half-hearted.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Those powers you've obtained are not just a part of your mind. Everything is mixed together, and it's impossible to understand its true nature."

Tae-san stopped talking.

"Everything?"

"Yes."

Hafren nodded his head.

"It's as if it was like that from the beginning, as if everything was mixed together from the start."

"......That's right, isn't it?"

The black clothes referred to the powers he obtained later. Even if they were mixed together, only a part of them was mixed together.

However, from the beginning, it was all distorted.

'Was there a connection between them from the start?'

What he distorted was not afterwards.

It was the beginning.

That was his true nature and origin.

As soon as he realized this, something changed in Tae-san's heart. It was as if a wall that had been blocked had been broken, and something began to feel.

"This is..."

Things that couldn't be seen or felt, and things that couldn't be understood, were all engraved in his heart.

"......It seems something has changed."

This change was also felt by Hafren, who looked surprised with a slightly shocked face and stepped back.

"Did it help?"

"It was enough."

Tae-san suppressed the subtle power that was stirring. He had not fully understood it. There was still much he didn't know, and it was overflowing.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

"But it was enough just to understand this much."

"That's a relief, isn't it? Ah, that's right."

Halfaran looked at Tae-san with a puzzled expression.

"When you look into your mind, you saw something deep inside."

"What was it?"

"I don't know what it was. But something was inside you. It's not just your mind's thing, it's a mysterious thing."

Halfaran shook his head.

"I might have misseen it. It was only for a moment and then disappeared. But something felt strange."

"That's right."

Something was situated inside him. Tae-san nodded his head after a moment of thought.

"Okay, I'm grateful."

"Then is that the end?"

Tae-san shook his head. He had brought about a change. He was able to do something impossible before.

Tae-san opened his inventory.

Halfaran's face contorted when he saw the materials Tae-san took out.

"...What is this?"

"I want to make something with this. Can you help me?"