
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 483

483. 91st Floor. Ouroboros (4)

"I can't send you there directly. As I said before, we can't interfere either."

The magician opened up space. Through it, a vast universe could be seen.

"So, I'll open up a passage that leads nearby. You should be able to find your destination easily."

"What exactly do I need to find?"

"The reason why Ouroboros devoured the world."

The magician said.

"What broke the cycle device? It doesn't need to be specific. Even a rough idea is fine. Find out the reason and I'll give you a reward worthy of your achievement."

"Okay."

Taesan gave a short answer and entered the space opened by the magician.

And what appeared in Taesan's sight was a vast universe.

It was a vast space where life couldn't exist.

Of course, it wasn't a problem for Taesan. He could move freely in a universe without gravity.

Taesan was able to find Ouroboros right away.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"No. It was hard to say I found it. As soon as I arrived, it caught my eye.

[Uh.] [That's...].

A sound mixed with sighs can be heard. The ghost murmurs in a voice filled with astonishment and distrust.

[Is that... right?]

There was a snake in the universe.

It wasn't a metaphor or a package, but a pure fact. A snake with a dull, muddy color was filling a spot in the universe.

[The end... can't be seen.]

Akasha also couldn't hide her astonishment.

It looked like there was a wall in the universe. The end couldn't be seen. If it wanted to, it could eat a galaxy, or even something bigger than that.

Its body was moving very slightly, in tiny increments.

The movement was so small that even Taesan's eyes couldn't fully grasp it.

[You've discovered Oroboros.]

'This is the snake of circulation.'

A device that governs the circulation of all things.

It was a size that matched its purpose. Even Taesan now could only see a part of it.

[...Do I have to go inside that? It's ridiculous when I think about it.] [If it's a being of that size, just moving lightly would tear the universe apart.]"

Note: Oroboros is a mythological snake that consumes its own tail, symbolizing the cycle of birth, growth, and death. In this context, it seems to be a massive, universe-spanning entity that governs the circulation of all things.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

It was the moment when Bardley and Akasha were worried about the approach.

The snake's body moved.

It twisted its body slowly, but with a clear purpose. Both Bardley and Akasha held their breath.

With a size like this, just moving would exert physical force on the universe, but somehow, no impact was felt.

And the snake's movement stopped.

Taesan could feel the gaze fixed on him.

[Ah.]

A sound of holding one's breath was heard. The snake's head was not visible, but it was unmistakable.

The cyclical snake had accurately recognized Taesan and was staring at him.

Taesan instinctively realized that if that thing harbored hostility towards him, there was no place to escape. As long as he existed in the universe, that thing could chase him down anytime.

Taesan reflexively prepared to raise his guard. If the snake showed any movement, he was ready to respond immediately.

But the snake didn't make any further moves.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"He glanced at him for a moment, and then slowly moved his body again. His gaze was slowly withdrawn.

[Ugh!] [Ugh…….]

The sound of barely breathing and groaning could be heard. Bardley forced a smile.

[This is...not right. What is that thing?]

Bardley had reached an extraordinary level in his lifetime, and had seen many strong people from the side of the great mountain.

But to that snake, all of that was just a small concept. It was an existence that was so high-dimensional that it was instinctively rejected and feared by anyone in this world.

[What do I do? I personally want to go back to the labyrinth right away.]

"There's no enemy for me. No boundaries either."

Instead, he turned his gaze as if inviting him in.

"Then I'll have to respond to that."

[If you want that.] [As you wish, Master.]

The two quietly responded to the great mountain's will.

The great mountain approached Uroboros. Uroboros did not show any particular reaction.

As a result, the great mountain arrived right in front of Uroboros's nose.

The writhing scales filled the great mountain's field of vision. As he examined them closely, the great mountain discovered a few facts.

'It's not material.'"
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"When I saw it from a distance, I thought it was a physical entity, but when I looked closer, it wasn't. It was a concept that I couldn't understand, overlapping to form a shape.

It was like this, and I could enter. A gray aura rose up in Taesan's hand.

And soon, it covered Taesan's entire body like armor. He had perfectly blocked himself off from the laws of the world.

He simply reached out his hand towards Oroboros.

He pierced through the concept of boundaries and space, creating a path.

Taesan was able to enter Oroboros without any resistance.

And what entered Taesan's field of vision was, surprisingly, a normal-looking universe.

In the darkness, similar to ink, many stars were visible.

[……Isn't it less than expected?]

"No."

Taesan denied Bardley's muttering. At first glance, it seemed like a very ordinary universe, but upon closer inspection, something was different.

This place was in harmony with Oroboros."

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

All concepts had melted into Uroboros and were not functioning properly. It was similar to the corruption of the gods, but different. It felt like they had been fused together by law.

"It's scaled up quite a bit."

Taesan drew a boundary line. Uroboros's influence tried to interfere with him, but it couldn't penetrate his mind and body.

For now, he could withstand it even with his bare hands without any major issues.

[What should I do now?]

"Let's try to understand it first."

Taesan didn't know what kind of change the fused concepts of the world had brought about. So, he thought he'd go directly to the people who existed in this world to find out.

[You have activated Teleport (Invalid).]

The dark space opened up and swallowed Taesan.

What appeared in Taesan's vision was a beautiful blue planet.

Taesan descended towards the planet.

* * *

When Uroboros engulfed the universe, it seemed that many lives were present on this planet.

And all of them had been fused with Uroboros and transformed.

He decided to confirm it directly. As Taesan entered the planet, the largest city came into view.

Note: Uroboros is a mythological symbol of a snake eating its own tail, often representing cycles and unity. In this context, it seems to be a powerful entity that has merged with the concepts of the world, causing changes and transformations.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

In the middle of the city, a massive palace and numerous houses surrounding it came into view. Taesan descended onto the largest plaza.

"Hahahahaha!"

"Ahahahaha!"

Laughter erupted from all directions. It wasn't a joyful laughter, but a mad, overflowing laughter. And the sounds of something breaking and shattering continued to be heard.

A man grabbed a street vendor's stall and overturned it. The vendor, who seemed to be the owner, clapped his hands in delight instead.

A noble-looking woman laughed as she wielded a sword, slashing wildly. Those who were cut by the sword fell to the ground, bleeding.

No one paid attention to the scene. Even those who were falling didn't seem to care about their own wounds, laughing hysterically.

"What a mess."

It was like the city of corruption from the Bible.

Taesan grabbed the man who was laughing so hard his ears were about to burst.

"I want to talk to you."

"Hahahahahahaha! Hahahahah! Hahahahahahaha!"

He didn't respond to Taesan's words, continuing to burst into laughter.

Taesan, who had been watching him for a moment, revealed his divine power. A golden light enveloped the man.

Kyiiiing!

"Hahahaha! Hahahahah!"
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

But the man didn't change at all.

The sacred energy restored his physical and mental state to its original form. The fact that the sacred energy didn't work on him meant one of two things.

Either the transformation caused by the Uroboros's corruption was irreversible, or...

Or his mind itself had changed to the point where this state was considered normal after a long time had passed.

Or maybe it was both.

Taesan walked through the city. Despite wearing mismatched and outlandish clothes, no one paid any attention to him.

As Taesan explored the city, he discovered another fact.

Those who were driven mad and acted recklessly were extremely rare.

The majority were simply lying down or sitting, doing nothing.

Their eyes had no spark. Despite being alive and conscious, they were in a state of complete emptiness, like the dead.

Taesan entered the castle. Even the guards who were supposed to protect the castle had disappeared somewhere.

Walking through the ruined corridor, Taesan reached the highest point in the castle.

When he opened the massive door, he found a throne inside.

An old man was sitting on the throne.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

He looked at Taesan with an extremely tired face.

"...... Is he an outsider?"

His voice was extremely weak and broken. It seemed like he didn't even have the mental energy to speak.

And it was an extremely strange thing.

Why? Because the old man in front of him was an immortal.

Why was he an immortal? It was simple. It was because of his existence that transcended mortality. If there was no external interference, he would remain immortal on his own. His power wouldn't weaken, and his mind wouldn't collapse.

But the old man in front of him clearly showed signs of exhaustion, worn out by the flow of time.

"...... It's been a long time since I last saw that woman. No, was it just a few days ago?"

The old man muttered to himself, unable to distinguish between past and present, as if he had dementia.

Taesan gazed at him with a mixture of pity and curiosity. A spark of life returned to the old man's eyes, which had been constantly talking to himself.

"...... I apologize for showing you a pitiful sight in front of a great being."

"It doesn't matter."

"Then, may I ask one more favor?"

"What is it?"

"It's not a big deal."

The old man wiped his face.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Can you kill me?"

* * *

"I'm exhausted. I'm sick of it. I want to escape from this miserable bondage. Please, please, please..."

The old man's voice was filled with despair.

He was sincerely wishing for his own death.

"......I'm sorry."

The old man swallowed his words.

"It's pointless to ask you, isn't it? It's impossible for anyone to do it."

"What's going on here?"

"You'll see for yourself soon enough."

Taesan looked out the window at the city.

The city was in complete disarray. It was hard to find anything intact.

"......Come to think of it."

It was strange when he thought about it.

These people were exhausted from the flow of time.

Their minds were broken and collapsing.

It wasn't a short period of time. Taesan couldn't even imagine how long it had been.

But despite that, the world was surprisingly clean.

It was as if it had been thoroughly cleaned just the day before.

That was a very strange thing.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

And Taesan was able to understand the reason soon.

Kiiiiing!

A massive wave shook the universe. It was a power that burst out from a very deep place.

It covered the universe and planets.

Taesan reflexively pulled up the Chaos Zone to protect his body, excluding the intervention of Uroboros who tried to interfere with him.

So Taesan was able to see.

The dead rose. The scattered blood droplets on the sabre returned to their owner's body, and the body moved back to its original place as if it were wound up. The broken stall was reassembled, restoring its original form. The woman who wielded a sword with a radiant smile regained her dignified expression.

"This is..."

The world was returning.

And Taesan knew this feeling.

When he restored himself with the jade, he felt the same sensation as he did back then.

Let me know if you need any further assistance!