
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 492

492. 92nd Floor. Faith (3)

"Hahaha! I like it! I really like it!"

The shop owner burst out laughing. His emotions were uncontrollable and intense.

It seemed like he wouldn't be able to answer even if asked, so Taesan asked Balbam instead.

"So, I have one thing I'm curious about."

[Ask him.]

"During the time when you stole the faith of multiple planets, didn't the other gods intervene?"

[He's probably referring to conceptual gods.]

Invading other planets and stealing their faith. As long as you had a certain level of power, anyone could do it. It didn't seem like there were any restrictions on such actions. Balbam replied.

[It's simple. Most conceptual gods aren't very interested in such small matters.]

"Small matter?"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"In the grand scheme of the universe, it's a small matter for a few planets to be taken over. However, there are certainly concept gods who don't view this favorably. Originally, they would have intervened and stopped it, but this time, even they find it difficult to intervene. There's a concept god behind that transcendent being."

"Is the concept god watching over him?"

"Not everyone acknowledges the transcendent being who rules over concepts. There are those who want to expand their power and grow their influence, and it's not like they don't exist. That's why that transcendent being was able to invade multiple planets."

Balbambara said with a tone that suggested he didn't like the idea.

"If you grow your power too much, other concept gods might start moving seriously, so recently, things have been quiet."

"Who is that concept god?"

"We don't know either. They're hiding their presence."

"That's right."

Taesan stroked his chin. Balbambara spoke calmly, as if he had read Taesan's thoughts.

"You don't need to worry. If a concept god moves directly, the significance of the trial disappears, and the transcendent beings watching over you will respond accordingly."

"Then..."

Taesan nodded.

Meanwhile, the shop owner, who seemed to have sensed the emotions, approached Taesan with a bright smile.

"You showed a bad expression. So...…."

"The story is over."

The shop owner chuckled.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Then, Balbambara."

[In the end, I have to do it.]

Balbambara grumbled and opened up the space. Taesan threw his body towards it.

As Taesan moved to a new world, the shop owner said quietly to him.

"I'm expecting it."

Taesan set foot in the world.

[You have activated Stealth [Chaos].] [You have activated Baal's Overlapping Darkness.]

First, he concealed his body. Taesan's body was shrouded in ash-colored darkness and erased from the world. Even if he was a god, it was a perfect stealth that couldn't be detected unless he approached within a certain distance.

And he expanded his senses.

He grasped everything in the world he had arrived in. In an instant, a vast amount of information about the planet flooded into Taesan.

The planet was about half the size of Earth. Most of the land was inhabited by small, ape-like creatures that were shorter than humans.

They were probably dwarves. The strength they exuded wasn't particularly impressive. Except for a few exceptional individuals, they weren't much different from ordinary humans.

And amidst them, he sensed a massive power.

An immortal.

"Is that the ruler of this planet?"
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The transcendent being's presence could not be felt. Taesan gathered his mana.

[You activated Teleport [Chaos].]

Taesan's body left the planet and leaped into space.

In the dark space, many shining stars came into view.

The distance between the stars was extremely far. Even for Taesan, it was a distance that couldn't be seen clearly. It was not a distance that could be grasped by simple sensory expansion.

Then.

[You activated Concentrated Detection [Chaos].]

The detection power, tinged with ash, spread out into the universe.

Exceeding the speed of light, it obtained the information Taesan desired, which was beyond his field of vision.

As a result, Taesan was able to know.

The number of planets was a total of ten.

A massive faith was flowing out from those planets.

And that faith, which had flowed out, was gathering towards a white star located among the planets.

'Is the transcendent being there?'

The faith of the ten planets was gathering together. It was a spectacle that even Taesan couldn't have imagined.

"Amazing."

After finishing his confirmation, Taesan returned to the planet.

The transcendent being was on the white star."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"There is no transcendent being on this planet. I could act freely.

Taesan flew his body.

* * *

First, I needed to understand the atmosphere of this place, and how the inhabitants felt about their transcendent being, and what kind of immortal being existed on this planet.

That way, I could understand how he would behave and what his goals would be.

Taesan arrived at the city closest to him in an instant.

The city was incredibly beautiful.

It had an architectural style that couldn't be seen on Earth, and enormous stone statues. The city's structure was beautifully crafted.

Perhaps this was the world of the shop owner.

Taesan landed on the lake in the center of the city. The sun was slowly setting beyond the horizon, and darkness was approaching.

It was evening. If it were Earth, it would be the busiest and most crowded time.

But it wasn't like that here.

No one was in sight.

Except for the dwarf guards, there was no one on the streets. The atmosphere of the entire city felt dark and oppressive.

It was like a prison in the shape of a city."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan, who had been gazing at the city, took a step back. In an instant, his body moved to the outskirts of the city.

"Ahahah!"

A scream was heard from a house.

Dwarf guards with enraged faces were entering the house. The scream was extremely loud. It was clear that the surrounding houses could hear it, but no one appeared. Instead, there were sounds of people holding their breath, not wanting to get involved.

Taesan entered the house. Since he was hiding his body, no one noticed him.

"Just a moment!"

A dwarf family, it seemed, desperately tried to stop the guards. However, the guards overpowered them and turned the house into a mess.

"Found it!"

A guard roughly shouted and threw something away.

It was a small, crudely made statue.

"This is the heretic household that does not believe in the rightful ruler, Lord Karak!"

"No, it's not!"

"There's evidence, what's the point!"

The guard roughly drew his sword.

"Take them all away! It's a death sentence!"

"Ahahah!"

The dwarf family screamed, but no one appeared.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The small dwarf child, who had been dragged away, struggled with a terrified face. The child, who had barely escaped from the guard's grasp, clutched a broken statue and muttered to himself.

"Ah, Lord Remidos, Lord Remidos, Lord Remidos, please save us..."

"How dare you!"

The guard's face twisted in anger as he grabbed the child's hair.

"How dare you utter that name! You heretic! You're going to be executed on the spot!"

The man drew his sword. The dwarf child's face turned pale. The family members wailed.

The guard raised his sword to strike.

But his arm didn't come down.

"What, what's going on?"

The guard was taken aback and turned his gaze.

He could see Taesan holding his sword.

"Huh?"

The other guards and the dwarf family all had their eyes wide open in shock. Taesan had suddenly appeared between them.

"You, what are you doing!"

The guard tried to pull out his sword, but it was stuck as if it had been nailed to a rock. The guard's face was filled with fear under Taesan's indifferent gaze.

"Kill him!"

The commander shouted.

The other guards hastily drew their swords, and Taesan lightly moved his hand.

Quarddak!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The guards couldn't even scream and were crushed to the floor and walls. Taesan, who had lightly waved his hand, gazed at the dwarf family.

"Uh..."

The dwarf family stared blankly at Taesan.

"R-Remidos... sir?"

They suddenly collapsed with a thud.

[Did they faint?] [It seems they couldn't keep up with the sudden change in situation.]

Taesan didn't wake them up and instead picked up a broken statue.

The statue wasn't in the shape of a dwarf, but a human.

When Taesan first entered the planet, the information he detected indicated that there were no humans here.

Yet, the dwarf child was worshiping the target of this statue.

After a while, the dwarf family began to wake up one by one.

They looked around with blank faces, saw the collapsed guards and Taesan, and were shocked, clinging to each other.

"W-who, who are you...?"

Taesan didn't answer. The child, who was trembling as they looked up at Taesan, asked cautiously.

"I-is that... perhaps Remidos sir?"

Taesan didn't answer.

The child seemed to have confirmed something on their own, and they nodded their head repeatedly.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Ah, I see. So you're the one who's come to save us... Please, please save us..."

The child had already confirmed that Taesan was Remidao, a certain existence. Taesan didn't know who that was or what the situation was like here.

Normally, they would wake up the guards and gather information, and hear their stories to understand the situation.

But not now.

He had complete surveillance now.

[You have activated complete surveillance.] [This city is a city that forcibly worships Karak.] [This family does not sincerely worship Karak.] [This family worships Remidao.] [This city persecutes those who worship Remidao.] [The reason they worship Remidao is because he appeared in their dreams and said he would save them.]

...

...

Every single piece of information, including what he didn't know and couldn't know, came flooding in.

The waves of information about their lives, how they lived, and what emotions they had were overwhelming.

This was complete surveillance.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Knowing everything wasn't just an empty boast. If one's abilities allowed it, they could grasp everything in the world.

Taesan quickly grasped the situation.

The immortal who ruled this planet.

He was forcing his faith upon the dwarves of this world.

He forced them to believe in him, and killed and tortured those who didn't.

'They're just like him.'

The 88th floor quest. Two immortals who forced their faith and opposed each other. They too had forced their faith upon people and oppressed them. It wasn't much different from him.

However, you can't obtain true worship through such coercive means. On the surface, they may pretend to serve, but in their hearts, they would feel resentment and rejection. The faith obtained in such a way has little value.

In such a situation, people seek something to rely on, something to truly believe in.

That was exactly what Remidaos aimed for.

Remidaos appeared in their dreams, declaring, "I will save you one day, I will lead you out of oppression and set you free," like Moses from the Bible.

If it was just one person's dream, it would be a simple escape from reality, but if many people had the same dream, it would become a revelation.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

People were oppressed, and Remidaos was the object of their faith.

It was a well-played drama. Because the immortal being who ruled this place was also a subordinate of Remidaos.

The immortal being oppressed people on the surface and forced them to have faith. And Remidaos controlled the hearts of people who were shaken and suffering, obtaining their deep-seated faith from within.

It was a carrot and stick approach.

It was the most effective method. The way Taesan had obtained faith until now was similar. By dealing with those who oppressed people, he obtained their true faith.

Unlike Taesan, Remidaos was a completely staged drama, but since they didn't know that, there was no big difference.

"You played it well."

Then, how could this fact be utilized?

The answer came out easily.

"Uh......"

As Taesan continued to say nothing, the child's gaze grew increasingly anxious.

"Maybe... Remidaos-nim......"

"No."

Taesan shook his head.

"I am Remidaos."

Taesan opened his inventory, which was invisible to others. On his hand, there was one bead.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

[You activated the orb of shape-shifting.]

Taesan's appearance changes. His black hair and black eyes turn golden. His body shines radiantly, and a golden embroidered robe wraps around him.

"Ah...!"

The child's eyes widened. The parents were no exception.

Taesan's current appearance was identical to the Remidaos they had seen in their dreams.

The last shred of doubt disappeared. The dwarf family bowed their heads towards Taesan. Their faith had a clear objective, directed towards Taesan.

The object of their deep and profound faith, which they had built up until now, had changed to Taesan.

"Well done."

They will serve him. They will gather their faith. The words were good, but the method was the problem. Faith wasn't something that could be easily accumulated. Until now, it was possible because of the favorable circumstances and conditions, but if they truly served Remidaos, there was no way to steal their faith.

However, Remidaos was accumulating faith through false means.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"On the surface, they used the concept of immortality to oppress, and behind the scenes, they appeared as a dream, exploiting people's faith. They never appeared before others in order to maximize their faith.

Then, Remidaos could steal the faith that they had accumulated so far.

Remidaos ruled over ten planets.

It's likely that most of them were in this situation.

The current Taesan was unstable.

In the world that worshiped him, he was a perfect transcendent being, but outside of that, his status had fallen infinitely low.

To truly become a transcendent being, he had to receive the faith of many for a long time and stabilize his status.

But what about the faith of ten or so planets?

Could he compress the time it takes to stabilize his divinity and stabilize his godhood?

Reaching the realm of a perfect transcendent being. That was Taesan's goal this time."

Let me know if you have any further requests!