
Episode 6

6. 1st Floor (1)

"Wow."

A joyful expression spread across Taesan's face. The reward for reaching the 1st floor was a random stat increase potion. In Easy Mode, this was a reward given only after surpassing the 10th floor.

"As expected, it's on a different level."

The system window didn't stop.

[You have set foot into the labyrinth. Whether it's courage or recklessness, those who know the danger of the labyrinth will send you their praise.]

Another advantage of the Alone Mode. That is, the fact that it's a solo play. You won't encounter other Alone Mode players.

Meaning, the first rewards can all be yours. Considering the magnitude of this benefit, it's quite a remarkable advantage.

[Awarded the title [Pioneer].]

Taesan quickly confirmed the effects.

"Check title."

[Title: Pioneer] [NPCs will feel favorably towards you.]

Taesan's expression cooled.

Because Itaeyeon had said that the labyrinth's NPCs are hostile towards players. There were always those who disliked her and occasionally even tried to kill her.
She thought that favor meant nothing. Even though she had also received the title of Pioneer, she had considered it merely an achievement handed out.

All verifications were completed. The rest was just about advancing through the labyrinth.

He walked through the corridor of bricks.

* * *

As Taesan walked through the corridor, he recalled Itaeyeon's words once again.

Breaking through a place as high as the 100th floor from a situation with nothing was impossible. Naturally, the labyrinth had made minimal preparations accordingly.

One of them was the shopkeeper.

[Taesan. Were there shopkeepers even in Easy Mode?] [Yes, there were. Is there a difficulty level without them?] [What was the merchant like?] [What does it matter? Just a simple merchant.]

Appearing at the entrance of every floor, selling only specific items.

Basically, they didn't sell anything extraordinary. Just potions and disposable items, that sort of treatment.

[But it's not like the Alone Mode. They sold a lot, really. Look at this.]

She showed him one piece of equipment.

[Proud of it?]

The Wristguard of Silent Light. One of the strongest items she possessed, reducing all damage taken by 50%.
[This was bought at the shop.] [...They sell things like that?] [There were many other things besides this, but I couldn't buy them because I was short on gold. Maybe if I bought all the shop items, I could become stronger than you?]

She spoke confidently, and Taesan sighed irritably. After all, he was a player in Easy Mode.

"But not now."

She mentioned being able to go to the shop.

Finally, the passage showed its end. Taesan opened the door with a creak.

"What? Already here?"

There was a dwarf in the room.

With a long white beard, a typical grumpy dwarf face.

At least he didn't look like a monster.

"You have met the lost king."

Taesan stared at the dwarf silently. This was the shopkeeper of Alone Mode that Itaeyeon had talked so much about.

"Hello?"

"Hello?"

The dwarf burst into a hollow laugh.

"You've got a good mentality."

The dwarf knows which world Taesan came from, how he got here.

The dwarf spoke.

"What's your name?"

"Taesan. And who are you?"

"The shopkeeper."

"No goods?"

In a room the size of a studio apartment, only the dwarf was there. The dwarf snorted.
"Kid. Even if I emptied out all my stuff, I wouldn't have enough to fill the entire first floor."

The dwarf took out a pipe and lit it.

"And I have no intention of showing my kids to you."

"Pardon?"

The shopkeeper who doesn't sell anything. Taesan chuckled.

"Then why are you here?"

"Do you think I want to be here? I had to abandon my kingdom because of those crazies, and now I'm struggling in this mad place."

The dwarf angrily puffed on his pipe.

"Anyway, I don't want to show my kids to clueless folks like you."

"I see."

Taesan wasn't surprised, as Itaeyeon had described.

"But that crazy shopkeeper had such a filthy personality, you know? He didn't even sell anything at first, I almost died for real. After that, he always ignored me with his annoying ticks. Ugh, so infuriating."

She shivered in frustration. According to her, that dwarf said he would only open the shop under specific conditions.

"But if you show what kind of person you are, the story might change."

The dwarf lifted his pipe. At its end, there was another passage.
"Go and come back alive. Then I'll show you my kids."

Survival.

That was the dwarf's condition. It was also a blunt statement of the dungeon's difficulty level. Taesan asked calmly,

"Is that all?"

The dwarf was taken aback by Taesan's nonchalant attitude.

"Is that the end of it?"

"Well then, what should I do? If I clear the dungeon, will you show them to me?"

"...No, no."

The dwarf chuckled with a puzzled expression.

"This guy is strange."

"Can I go now?"

"Yeah, do as you please."

Taesan strode towards the passage. The dwarf watched his back with a strange gaze.

"What kind of guy is this?"

He seemed as if he couldn't feel fear itself. The dwarf put the pipe back in his mouth.

"It doesn't matter anyway, since he probably won't come back."

The dungeon's difficulty was not set with solo play in mind.

Even if he did return, he would probably come back scared out of his mind. With a face stained with fear.

Such a person was worthless. Just toss a few useless items at him and be done with it.
Whatever it was, it was easy for the dwarf. He smoked his pipe again with a serious face.

* * *

Taesan passed through the corridor and arrived in another room.

'Corridor and a room. The structure of the 1st floor is exactly the same as Easy Mode.'

Having grasped the structure, he surveyed the room. The maze made of moss-covered bricks seemed safe and harmless on the outside.

'Can't be that easy.'

Taesan gripped his sword. He heard a squeaking sound.

This was alone mode. The monsters appearing from the start were said to be boss-level in other modes.

"Squeak, squeak."

Soon, a giant rat appeared.

[Big Rat has appeared.]

"Big Rat?"

Taesan chuckled sarcastically. He knew that monster well.

Its defense was nothing to boast about, but it moved at a speed difficult to track with the eyes. This monster, which had infuriated countless players, played the role of the 5th floor boss in Easy Mode.

Yet here, it was just a minor enemy on the 1st floor. Once again, the gap between the two difficulties was evident.

'What should I do.'

First, he needed to analyze. His memories of facing this creature decades ago were hazy. Taesan assessed the Big Rat.
"Of course, it's disgustingly big."

Its size is on par with a cat. It's the largest rodent in the world that lives in tropical regions. It resembled a capybara in appearance.

But it wasn't as cute as a capybara.

Black, coarse fur. And impressively protruding incisors that looked ominous.

"Squeak!"

The Big Rat, which had been observing Taesan for a moment, lunged at him.

The Big Rat was fast. In the blink of an eye, it had reached his ankle.

Sharp pain shot through Taesan's ankle.

[You received 10 damage.]

Taesan quickly thrust his sword. But the sword only struck the ground harmlessly.

"Squeak, squeak."

The Big Rat had already fled far away. Taesan let out a bitter laugh.

"Fast as ever."

Even keeping up with its movements was overwhelming. It moves several times faster than a cat. Its speed in fleeing is much faster than Taesan swinging his arm.

At the speed where even afterimages are visible, it's a speed that one cannot react to without raising their stats.

Just as he had cleared Easy Mode, he had naturally defeated the Big Rat. However, the circumstances then and now were vastly different.
In Easy Mode, players can encounter each other. When it came to boss monsters, naturally, they hunted them down in groups for numerical advantage.

"They exhausted me by making me go back and forth."

Furthermore, there was a difference in stats. Even though it was Easy Mode, clearing the 5th floor easily surpassed human reaction speed, allowing them to react to the speed of the Big Rat.

But now, alone, and with basic stats, it was virtually impossible to overcome.

On that note, Itaeyon ran away. Returned to the store in a void state, and received advice from the did two even her even could even so happened even gave even But even Much Dis saw even Among were
Taesan's goal was to become stronger here than anyone else. There was no reason to flee from Big Rat.

And it wasn't impossible to catch.

* * *

He calmed his heart.

He didn't hesitate.

He had seen countless people die in confusion even though they could have cleared it easily. Calmness was of utmost value in the labyrinth.

[Your mind sinks deeply.]

In the quiet of his mind, Taesan quietly recalled information about the Big Rat.

It was about the size of a cat. Not very large.

Its jumping ability was not very high. It wouldn't leap to bite someone's neck.

Then there was only one place to attack.

"Squeak!"

[You receive 9 damage.]

The Big Rat bit his ankle. Taesan quickly thrust his sword, but once again, it only cut through air.

Frowning, Taesan concentrated again.

The Big Rat, watching him, rushed again.

Taesan swung his sword downward.

It was faster than before.

Clang!

But the sword still hit nothing but the ground.

[You receive 8 damage.]

"I had my doubts, but it really doesn't work."
Knowing it's coming, even with all his focus, there's a delay of over 0.3 seconds. It's impossible to see and react.

The Big Rat rushes again.

This time, Taesan doesn't swing his sword.

[10 damage.]

His health decreases steadily. But there's no wavering in Taesan's expression.

"Status window."

[강태산] [Level: 1] [Health: 63/100] [Mana: 10/10] [Strength: 10] [Intelligence: 10] [Agility: 10] [Attack +1] [Defense +2] [Target in optimal condition.]

His health is comfortable. No signs of other monsters interfering.

Damage per hit ranges from 8 to 10.

So it's quite simple.

Just succeed within six tries.

"Piece of cake."

Taking one hit was infinitely more merciful than dying in one blow as before.

Meanwhile, the Big Rat continued attacking his ankles. Damage struck once more.

"Of course, it aims for the ankles."

Due to its basic size difference, the Big Rat couldn't target elsewhere.

But the problem lies in being unable to react.

Even a trace of a response shows that it's fundamentally impossible for human reflexes.

"I give up on this side."
Taesan, who reached a neat conclusion, narrowed his eyes.

His serene gaze, unwavering, focuses on the Big Rat. The Big Rat momentarily flinches.

The instinct of the Big Rat alerted it to danger. Taesan now felt confident that this creature, which had foolishly fallen victim until now, would produce a different outcome.

"Squeak!"

However, the sharp wit of the Big Rat denied its instinct.

This creature is weak. It doesn't react to its own movements. Just as the Big Rat lunges to bite down,

"Clang!"

A sword strikes the ground.

"Squeak!"

Momentarily startled, the Big Rat halts its charge.

Did it see me charge? No, no. It didn't react to my movement.

Having reached a conclusion, the Big Rat charges again, but it's the same result this time.

"Clang!"

"Crunch!"

As the Big Rat puts strength into its body, the sword strikes the ground. Momentarily intimidated, the Big Rat stops moving.

"Crunch, squeak."

The Big Rat fails to grasp the situation. With its tiny brain, it seemed as if Taesan suddenly reacted to its movements.

[The Big Rat wavers. Its movements become sluggish.]

Taesan grinned broadly.
"This works."