
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 514

514. 94th Floor, Easy Mode (7)

Muscle rupture? The body receives assistance from the system. It's not like the muscles would rupture just because you ran fast.

This skill can exceed the system's limits.

Taesan thought for a moment and activated the skill again.

[You have activated Forced Arrival.]

What he wanted was to fly in the sky.

But nothing happened. A silent, still atmosphere surrounded him, as if it was impossible.

"This is impossible."

The impossible cannot be achieved. There was no way for Taesan to fly in the sky at this point. That's why the skill's effect didn't activate.

Taesan took a breath and tried again.

[You have activated Forced Arrival.]

What he wanted was for his left and right arms to move perfectly differently from each other.

As soon as the skill activated, both arms moved freely. It was as if two different people were moving, with completely different movements, speeds, and patterns in both arms.
$@$v=v1.13-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The skill's activation has ended. And Taesan was back to his normal state, without any extra burden.

"There's no penalty for this."

Moving both arms perfectly differently was an action that was possible even before, as long as he concentrated his mind a bit. Achieving that goal didn't seem to have any penalty.

Then.

[You have activated Forced Arrival.]

What he wanted this time was to accelerate his mind by two times.

As soon as the skill was activated, the world around him slowed down.

His rapidly rotating mind made time feel slow, and soon the skill's activation ended.

Whoosh.

At the same time, his nose started bleeding. His head was spinning, and a deep fatigue enveloped him. Taesan quickly drank some water.

"Is this it?"

Reaching an impossible goal, like flying in the sky, was impossible. But it was possible to achieve it by forcibly pushing his body or mind. 

The problem was that Forced Arrival didn't receive the system's protection."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The speed that Taesan had just achieved was a speed that could be reached by using acceleration and physical time acceleration. If he had moved like that, passing through walls and reaching the end of walls, his physical body would not have suffered any damage.

The effect brought out by his skill did not impose a great burden on his physical body and mind. If it had, Taesan would not have been able to withstand the acceleration and would have burned out before even getting the multiplication skill.

However, forced arrival was not like that.

He could bring out an effect that exceeded what he could do, but the burden was not on his physical strength, but on his physical body and mind.

The penalty was great.

But...

"There is value in it."

There was no such limitation in forced arrival. If he could endure the penalty, he could achieve most of his goals.

In other words, forced arrival was a skill that existed beyond the system's limitations.

Then, even if it wasn't a power derived from the labyrinth, he could use it sufficiently.

Not just consuming his physical body or mind, but going beyond magic and skills, to the boundary line, he could handle it with forced arrival.

The exact usage would have to be figured out when he returned to the original world, but if Taesan's calculations were correct, this skill was also top-tier. Perhaps it was an even greater skill.

Forced arrival was also a skill that he had obtained through his own efforts and power, so he could take it with him when he returned."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It's okay."

Multiplication and forced arrival. I got two of them. This was enough to be satisfying.

[Are you going to get another skill now?]

Bardeley asked in an excited tone. It was time to get the designated skill reset that Taesan had mentioned.

But Taesan's expression was uncertain.

"I don't know if it's possible."

[What? Why?]

"Let's try it first."

The designated skill reset could be obtained on the 76th floor. Taesan started climbing the floors, and as usual, a monster blocked his way.

[Ugh!]

Taesan drew his sword towards the giant bear rushing towards him.

[You activated addition.] [You activated multiplication.] [You dealt 9,784 damage to the Black Bear.]

Thud.

The black bear was trampled without even being able to scream. Taesan passed by without even paying attention.

[Ge... amazing.]

Bardeley muttered in awe.

[You're dealing damage close to 10,000 with such ease.]
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The damage of 10,000 was not something to be underestimated. Taesan didn't even reach that level of attack power until around the 79th floor in Alone Mode.

To think that it could be achieved with a pitiful 49 attack power. If we were to return to the original timeline, it was hard to imagine how high the damage would be.

But that's a story for later.

For now, we needed to focus on resetting the designated skills. Taesan had arrived at the 76th floor.

Kuuuuuuung!

It was a volcano.

Magma was pouring down, and volcanic rocks were flying everywhere. The heat was scorching the skin.

This was the 76th floor.

It was a volcanic region.

The quest was to pierce through the turbulent land and volcanic explosions to reach the next floor.

And it was also the floor where we obtained the designated skill reset.

Taesan observed the environment. The volcano was erupting, burning everything in sight, and destroying the terrain.

Taesan, who had grasped the situation, clicked his tongue.

'It's not going to work.'

The biggest characteristic of the 76th floor was that it was a changing floor. Sometimes the volcano would calm down, and sometimes it would erupt wildly.

We obtained the designated skill reset during the latter case."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"You couldn't set foot on the ground, and the volcanic ash blocked your view, with volcanic rocks falling like rain.

Those were the conditions required to obtain the designated skill reset.

But it wasn't like that now. The ground was shaking, but you could stand normally, and the volcanic rocks were falling only slightly. Even a normal easy-mode player could overcome it with a bit of risk.

Of course, it wasn't impossible to obtain.

You just had to wait.

If you waited for a few years, the 76th floor's situation would change, and you would be able to obtain the designated skill reset.

But there was a problem.

Taesan couldn't stay here for long.

A great will to exclude Taesan was approaching.

This place was not permitted to you.

Return to your own world.

That was the strong will and power.

Until now, it hadn't been that strong, but when he obtained the multiplier, he felt a strong sense of hostility towards him, as if he had summoned something from his original world. According to Taesan's calculations, he couldn't stay for more than a week.

"I won't be able to obtain any other skills.""
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"There was no skill that could be obtained in just a week.

But regret was not an option. I had expected to get at least one skill, and the value of resetting my skills was not low, but getting multiple skills was much more important.

Forced ascension had unexpectedly given me a skill, so I had obtained more than I had expected.

"Then, shall we finish this?"

Taesan clenched his fist. Footsteps were heard. Deoksu, the old man, came up the stairs and was delighted to see Taesan.

"Oh, Taesan. We meet again. What are you doing here?"

"What about you, old man?"

"I'm just trying to make a living since my gold has run out. Are you trying to get a skill too?"

"No, I already got one."

"......You got one, huh. Well, well."

Deoksu, the old man, stroked his chin in admiration.

"You're really amazing, kid. What are you planning to do now?"

"I'm going to tidy up a bit."

"Tidy up?"

Deoksu, the old man, looked puzzled and asked, but at that moment, the atmosphere changed.

The power that had been sleeping inside Taesan, his strength, everything about him was unleashed."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"What?"

Deoksu's old man's pupils enlarged.

His presence spread throughout the labyrinth. Players who had been working hard to acquire skills trembled with fear.

And at the same time, the world's will grew stronger.

The will that had been slowly pushing him away now changed to a hostile force, suppressing him with immense power, as if telling him to get out of there immediately.

"Just bear with it for a bit."

Taesan said calmly.

Ash-colored energy flowed out, dispelling the world's will that was oppressing him.

"I'll just do what I need to do and come back."

"Ta, Taesan?"

Deoksu's old man took a step back, bewildered.

Taesan had suddenly changed.

He had reached something that Deoksu's old man couldn't understand. Deoksu's old man stared at him blankly.

The overwhelming presence and existence were like those of a god.

"Ah..."

Deoksu's old man knelt down. He, who had lived as an atheist all his life, on earth and in the labyrinth, unconsciously clasped his hands together.

"I hope to see you again someday."

Taesan placed his hand on the wall of the labyrinth.

He gathered the boundary lines and burst through them.

Kwaaaaaaang!
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The walls of the labyrinth collapsed, revealing the space beyond.

It was a space with nothing, just a dull black and white.

An infinitely vast, empty void stretched out.

Taesan threw himself into that space.

* * *

Darkness engulfed Taesan. Taesan swung his hand, and the boundary line exploded, scattering the darkness in all directions.

And what appeared were extremely unfamiliar things.

They were the remnants of the labyrinth that had been destroyed and twisted.

This place was where the labyrinth was created, and the remaining power was left behind. Abandoned trash.

As Taesan gazed at the remnants, he easily realized that they were not from this world.

They were from the world of the gods.

They had mimicked the laws and materials of the labyrinth, pretending to be from this world. It was cleverly crafted, making it difficult to notice, but Taesan could see it clearly now.

And strangely, Taesan didn't feel that the unfamiliarity was far away. On the contrary, it felt familiar.

Kiiiiing!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"As I quietly watched the remnants, a loud noise erupted. An otherworldly space began to grasp the mountain.

"Shut up."

Kuuuuuuung!

The mountain shook its arm, and the sound of shattering accompanied the destruction of the spatial restraints.

Kkkiikkkkkiik!

Something otherworldly appeared. It was an administrator who managed bugs in easy mode.

The gaze that looked at the mountain was devoid of emotion.

Like a machine, it only showed a sense of duty to exclude foreign substances.

Enmity gathered. The power of the abyss, filled with otherworldly energy, overflowed.

And it was swung around. The mountain lightly grasped its sword.

Kuuuuuuung!

The gray and black colors clashed. The mountain charged forward.

Kwaaaang!

The otherworldly thing was instantly crushed and destroyed. The opponent was not weak. Their power surpassed that of a saint.

But that's all.

Unless it's the abyss, there's no way to stop the current mountain.

"There's no interest in an administrator who only performs a predetermined role without wisdom."

Kwaddduk.

It pierced the core and observed its power. As a result, I knew.

"Is it a copy of Balbam?"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The principle of the revolving power. And the way the power works is similar to Balbalbam in some aspects.

But it's just an imitation. There's no real wisdom, and no way to deal with variables. Maybe that's why it's not about fixing bugs, but about blocking usage. The concept of fixing bugs itself doesn't exist in this. It's like a broken machine.

"Hmm."

Creak.

The distorted thing breaks. Taesan looks at it with a calm gaze.

"Who is your master?"

It perfectly imitated the labyrinth. Even Bardley would mistake it for a normal labyrinth. If Taesan hadn't met several masters, he would have thought it was a normal labyrinth in this world.

And Taesan knew that there was only one master who could make it possible.

"Is your master, the usurper?"

Taesan murmured quietly."

Note: "Balbalbam" seems to be a proper noun, possibly a name or a term, but I couldn't find any information about it. If you have more context or information about what it refers to, I'd be happy to help further.