
$@$v=v1.16-rv2$@$Title: Episode 523

523. Eighth Return, Earth (8)

Complaint.

Taisan has arrived at a location other than Earth.

The place he moved to was a labyrinth.

"Huh?"

Not long after, a magician appeared. There was confusion on his face.

"Wait, the quest on Earth isn't over yet, right? Why did you come back so soon?"

"I have something I want to ask."

Taisan opened his mouth.

"Who is the god that handles the discs?"

"Hmm?"

The magician was taken aback by the sudden question. He couldn't grasp the intention behind the question.

But the confusion didn't last long. The magician began to answer Taisan's question.

"The god of purification. Bright."

"Purification, huh."

"It's not a particularly strong god. Among the transcendents who oversee the concepts, it would be at the weakest end. However, when it comes to purifying distorted and broken things, it is the most excellent god in this world."

Impurities would also include black, no doubt.
$@$v=v1.16-rv2$@$"It is one of our precious cards. Bright has put in a lot of effort when pitted against Sin. And it is the same now. Bright is resolving the great pollution that can affect the entire universe."

The magician raised a finger. There was a mountain at its tip.

"It is one of the four."

A pollution that could threaten the whole universe.

The earth was also included in it.

"An ordinary world can be sufficiently purified by Bright's relic alone. But the pollution of your world is too large. Even using four relics will require a considerable amount of time."

"Is it an endurance then."

"It would be easier if Bright himself descended to the earth, but that's too dangerous. Most of the gods who govern such concepts died in past wars. It must be protected preciously."

The purifying god. Bright. It is the owner of the relic.

Tansan fell into thought. Then the magician asked his own question.

"Then why isn't it over yet? It should be almost over, right?"

"There is something that takes a little longer."

Moor's expression that is hard to express.

Tansan asked.

"Is Bright in a safe place?"

"He is in a safer place than anyone else in the universe."

The magician said it as if it were obvious.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Even if the gods themselves were to descend, there's nothing we can do about Bright. We don't need to worry about that part."

"......That's right."

Taesan thought for a moment and nodded his head.

"Got it."

"It seems like you have some concerns."

The magician narrowed his eyes.

"When you reach the level of a transcender, you develop a keen sense of intuition that's surprisingly accurate. If you're certain, then I'll check it out too."

"Please do."

Taesan returned to the earth. Nothing out of the ordinary happened while he was away. The monsters were still manageable even without him, and it didn't become a big problem.

Time passed, and the days went by.

And finally, the last day arrived without any issues.

Kyiiiing!

The pillar of light finally began to perfectly cover the crack in the sky. The monsters started falling through the small remaining gap.

"Everyone, get ready!"

The people prepared with tense faces. This was the final attack of the gods. They believed that a powerful monster would appear, and their expectations were not far off.

[Monster 1 has appeared.] [Monster 4 has appeared.] [Monster 6 has appeared.] [Uuuuuuuuuu!]
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Multiple S-class monsters appeared in the world, causing the earth to shake with their roars. But that was it.

There was no sign of anything beyond S-class, not even a fragment or a shard, let alone a apostle. Most players were ready to risk their lives to fight, but those who knew the truth were shocked.

"Is that all there is?"

Kuuuuuuung!

The battle didn't last long. Even Itaeyon and Diana could take down the S-class monsters alone. There was no need for Taesan to intervene, and all the S-class monsters were defeated.

Kuguguguguung!

And finally, the pillar of light covered the sky.

[Special Quest Complete.] [You will return to the labyrinth in two days.]

The quest was complete.

People's faces were filled with joy.

"Woohoo!"

"We did it!"

They had closed the crack in the sky.

They had won.

They had reclaimed the earth.

It was a moment when everyone believed and rejoiced.

Tzzt.

Cracks spread across the orb. It wasn't just one. All four orbs were affected. The cracks spread rapidly, making a tzzt sound.

"What, what, what, what?"

The guardians were shocked and rushed towards the orbs.

"Wait, just a minute!"
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Zzzt! Zzzt! Zzzt!"

They desperately tried to stop the collapse of the orb, but it was all in vain.

The gold is spreading.

As the orb collapses, the curtain of light that had been holding up the sky begins to shake. Even the people who were rejoicing start to feel something is off.

"What?"

"What's going on?"

"Ta, Lord Taesan!"

The guardian rushes to Taesan with a pale face.

"Something's wrong!"

Taesan approaches the orb.

"Zzzt! Zzzt! Zzzt!"

The gold has already spread throughout the entire orb.

Taesan grabs the orb and unleashes his divine power. A golden light envelops the orb.

"Zzzt! Zzzt!"

But the orb does not recover. Taesan's face contorts in frustration.

What he used on the orb was his divine power, the most fundamental power possessed by Transcenders. Even if it was another Transcender's sacred artifact, it could be restored with divine power.

But it was impossible. The orb was slowly dying like a machine that had lost its power.

"Has the link with the Transcender been cut off?"

"No, no! That can't be! This is a directly connected sacred artifact! As long as the Transcender themselves don't have a problem……."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The guardian's face turned pale up to that point.

There was only one meaning.

A problem had arisen with the owner of the holy artifact itself.

"No, it can't be. Lord Bright...”

"Tsk."

Taesan clicked his tongue.

But there was no panic. Somewhere in his heart, he had expected this to happen. He was even half-expecting it.

"It's come to this."

Crack!

The golden curtain with cracks collapsed.

As the balance was broken, the cracks opened.

"What?"

The people who were in a panic stopped.

The air changed in an instant.

It felt like part of the world had suddenly been flipped over. The atmosphere that surrounded the earth seemed to have disappeared, and they involuntarily shrunk back.

Gasp.

From the crack, a black, muddy substance began to fall.

People instinctively sensed it.

The moment they touched that mud, they would no longer be able to exist as themselves.

It was a filthy, polluted substance that tainted everything in this world and made it impossible for any living being to survive. It was a twisted material that contaminated the earth itself.

"Everyone, run away!"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Diana shouted with a pale face. They tried to get out of Greenland, but the crack was too huge. It was impossible for Easy and Normal mode players to escape.

Taesan gathered the boundary line.

Since the balance was broken and the crack in the sky opened, there was no need to hold back anymore. The ash-colored energy began to condense strongly.

It was the moment when the black mud was about to burst out.

"This is crazy."

The space split open, and one hand came out.

The magician pointed his finger at the sky with a distorted face.

"Kiiiiing!"

A massive, material curtain was implemented above the sky.

Taesan could feel it.

That was the system of the labyrinth.

The owner of the labyrinth had forcibly pulled the system out of the labyrinth.

The magician clenched his fist. As the curtain compressed, the black mud began to gather in one place.

The magician clapped his hands. The space opened, and the curtain moved beyond it. All the falling black mud disappeared.

"Magician."

"What's going on?"

The magician burst out laughing. His face was filled with incredulity.

"You're right, Taesan. A problem has occurred."

"What happened?"

"It's simple."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The mage nervously waved his hand.

"Bright is dead."

The god of purification, who had existed since the ancient war, purifying the universe from the contamination of the evil god.

He was dead. Taesan's face contorted.

"Suddenly?"

The mage had said that Bright was in the safest place in the universe. Even if the evil god himself appeared, there was nothing to be done.

And yet, such an existence had suddenly met its death.

Moreover, a transcendent being like Bright couldn't die easily. Just look at Ainshar's goddess, Levineov, who didn't disappear even after losing her planet and being contaminated by the evil god.

Taesan, who had expected that the sacred artifact would lose its power, was shocked that Bright had suddenly died.

"Did multiple evil gods descend upon him?"

"It would be better if that were the case."

The mage shook his head.

"I knew you were distorting the concept of governance, but I didn't expect you to take their side. Have you really lost your mind?"

"……Take their side?"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Taesan. I believed your words. The intuition of a transcendent being is mostly correct, after all. Even if it wasn't, I strengthened the already strong boundary to prepare for any unexpected situation, making it even more solid."

Even if the original god himself came, the boundary would be impossible for Bright to reach.

The wizard said with a distorted face.

"But, you know, all those boundaries were set with the original god as the target."

"……."

The wizard sneered, implying that they didn't set strong boundaries against non-original god entities.

"Amazing. Even in the vast universe, there has never been a case of a transcendent being of that level betraying us. If the goal was to leave a name in the universe's history, it would be a great success."

"Who is it?"

"You know the transcendent being I'm talking about."

Taesan thought of a transcendent being he knew.

One existence flashed through his mind. The wizard looked up at the sky.

"But it doesn't seem like the right time to talk about it now."

The crack in the sky was open.

And the being that was guarding it slowly began to reveal itself in this world through the open crack.

"Unfortunately, we can't intervene this time. It's not that they're using their power from the other side, but the balance is distorted, allowing them to emerge."

The wizard snapped his fingers.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Even so, I think this is possible."

"Huh?"

People who didn't know what to do were suddenly transported to the other side of the continent. It was the power of a magician.

The magician placed his hand on the ground and lifted it up.

*Ki-i-i-ing!*

A material barrier surrounded Greenland.

"No matter what happens in here, it won't affect the Earth."

"Thanks for that."

"I'm sorry to ask, but it's like you're asking me to clean up after you, so I'm grateful."

Taesan nodded his head. The magician left.

He looked up at the sky.

Something that was slowly revealing itself finally fell.

*Ku-u-u-u-ung!*

The ground shook.

It was like a shadow.

Something that was not material but became material landed on the ground.

*Ku-u-u-u-ung!*

The ground was contaminated. The material couldn't withstand it and corroded, losing its original form.

If the magician hadn't set up a barrier, a part of the planet would have collapsed just from the landing. He was a being with that kind of power.

Taesan looked at his opponent.

His form was human-like.

He was the same size as Taesan, at a normal human level.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan, who had judged the opponent's level, was certain.

"High-level."

It wasn't a fragment or a fragmentary being.

That was a high-level being.

"It's doing all sorts of things."

Of course, it didn't seem like a proper high-level being. It seemed like a being that was barely clinging to the lowest level of high-level beings, and it was embarrassing to even call it a high-level being.

However, even so, a high-level being is a high-level being.

The current Taesan couldn't possibly win.

[...Is this really happening?] [Master, that's...]

Bardley and Akasha could also instinctively sense it. That it was a completely different existence. If it wanted to, it could shake the entire universe on its own.

"But..."

Taesan's eyes sank.

The high-level being in front of him was not in a normal state.

Zzzt.

Its body, made of material that was not material, was distorting uneasily, like a shadow.

When Bright died, an imbalance occurred in the balance. As a result, a hole was created, and that being was able to come down to the world.

However, it was too large to come down through that narrow hole.
$@$v=v1.13-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It was extremely unstable, and compared to its original state, it had degenerated to an unbearable extent.

Taesan finally realized why Goshin was trying to consume the boundary line.

It was to expand the crack so that the original spirit of the gatekeeper could descend.

"It was already certain that the gatekeeper would descend from the start."

If Goshin had continued to consume the boundary line according to its plan, the Goshin close to the original spirit would have descended. Then, it would have faced death.

But that didn't happen.

Taesan only used a tiny bit of the boundary line.

With that much, even if it was Goshin, there was a chance of winning.

Moreover, he still had an unused trump card.

[The gatekeeper of the crack has appeared.] [Special quest starts.] [?!$$%^%^&%&^$#]

Even if it had degenerated, Goshin was still Goshin.

It was an opponent of a level that had never been faced before, one that would risk its life.

Taesan gripped his sword tightly, staking his life on it."

Let me know if you have any further requests!