
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 525

525. The Eighth Return, Earth (10)

"Oooo……."

"Ah……."

People knelt down and prayed. Their faith and devotion flowed towards the heavens.

Even the weak ones could feel it. The enemy that had appeared now was an existence that was incomparably powerful and alien, unlike any other being.

It was a monster that could shake the very foundations of this world.

"Oh, Heavenly God……."

They offered their prayers to their god.

"What's going to happen?"

The wizard looked at Greenland with an ambiguous expression.

"I wish I could help, but..."

That was impossible.

All the wizard could do was prevent the earth from collapsing, and that was it. The wizard sighed.

"I feel powerless for the first time in a while."

"Ah, Wizard-sama……."

A trembling voice called out. The wizard turned their gaze.

There, Diana and Belvandia were standing, their faces pale and uncertain, their postures slumped.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The mage was a great transcender who created the labyrinth. To the two adventurers, he seemed like an even greater being than other transcendents. The mage muttered to himself as he gazed at them.

"Those mortals who were sacrificed to his whims."

"What?"

"It's unfortunate. But... since we can clean up the mess, it's not so bad."

"What do you mean by that?"

"It's not a problem for you to worry about. But it's not a good story for you either."

The mage looked beyond the wall again.

"We have to win, no matter what. Let's watch."

If Taesan lost, it wouldn't be good for them either. The consequences could affect the entire universe.

"Can we win?"

The mage narrowed his eyes.

Honestly, he couldn't be sure either. Taesan was clearly strong. He was the owner of the irregular boundary line that no one else possessed, and he had a skill that was pushing the limits of the multiplication system.

He was clearly a monster.

If he were an equal opponent, there would be no chance of defeat.

But the problem was, the opponent was a being superior to Taesan."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Even if I'm close to the bottom and exhausted, my opponent is still formidable. The immense gap and disparity between us will not disappear. Even a magician like me couldn't help but lean towards defeat.

"I have no choice but to believe it."

The magician was about to give up and continue watching the battle between Taesan and the gatekeeper.

The magician's face trembled.

"...What?"

The magician watched the battle between Taesan and the gatekeeper.

And the magician's pupils dilated.

"Just a moment."

The magician quickly raised their hand, and dozens of layers of barriers appeared at once. Despite feeling uneasy, the magician spread their hand out.

Kiiiiing!

The system's barrier enveloped Greenland roughly.

The people were shocked by the movement, as if it was a seal being placed.

"Magician?"

Diana, who didn't understand what was happening, asked a question, but the magician didn't respond. To be exact, they didn't even have the time to think about it.

"...What's going on? That thing."

The magician's face was filled with astonishment.

* * *

A massive physical force was contained within Taesan's sword.

[Ah.]

Bardley let out a sudden groan. The concentrated physical force was making his senses go haywire. Taesan swung his sword as usual.

Space was torn apart.

The timeline collapsed and distorted.

The physical force left a scar on the universe.

Note: There may be some nuances or cultural references that don't translate perfectly, but I've done my best to provide an accurate translation.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

And so, I went forward, and the orb that defended the gatekeeper touched me.

Zzzt.

The orb shattered.

The orb, which couldn't be broken even by the boundary line, shattered like glass the moment it touched the sword. Taesan added more strength to the sword.

Zzzt zzzt zzzt!

Dozens of orbs shattered at once. The defense barrier collapsed in an instant.

Nothing was left on the sword's trajectory.

The physical force destroyed everything, broke through concepts, and advanced.

It was something that couldn't be expressed by any metaphor. It was another entity with the name "physical force".

The gatekeeper gathered his strength. Without leaving anything behind, he went all out.

Kkkkkk.

Hundreds of orbs began to merge into one. The spatial axis couldn't withstand the extreme compression and began to collapse.

Kiiiiing!

And only one small, distorted orb remained in the world.

The gatekeeper swung his hand as it was. The orb containing his power collided with the sword.

Zzzt zzzt zzzt!

Only then did the sword stop advancing.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The sword and the orb collided. The wielder added more strength to his arm. The orb spun violently, trying to push the sword away.

Kki-kki-kki-kki.

But the sword didn't budge.

Slowly, but surely, it pushed the orb away.

Ka-ga-ga-ga-gak!

The orb was pushed back, and cracks spread. The wielder, seemingly flustered, gathered even more strength.

Jjeo-jjeo-jjeo-jjeok!

But nothing changed.

Taesan revealed his true power.

"Try to stop me if you can."

His full strength. It was an attack power that couldn't be overstated, even if it was said to be the highest he could currently muster.

The damage was over 4 trillion.

It was a physical strength that was hundreds of times stronger than when he defeated the Four Gods. It was a power that surpassed even Gosin's predictions.

With this physical strength, even Gosin would suffer significant damage. Taesan was certain.

Jjeo-jjeo-jjeo-jjeok!

The sword didn't stop. It left an indelible mark on the world, slowly spreading cracks on the orb.

Gosin's power and Taesan's power.

Jjeo-jeo-jeo!

The winner was Taesan.

The orb shattered. The power inside it exploded, shaking the surroundings. There was no longer a land called Greenland. The exploded black sword shook the veil violently.

Ka-ga-ga-ga-gak!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The black sword continues to advance. The gatekeeper moves hastily, trying to get out of the way.

Kuuuuuuung!

But it's impossible.

The enormous physical force distorts space and time itself. No matter how hard it tries, it can't easily escape.

As a result, the sword comes into contact with the gatekeeper.

[Dealing 432,190,537,744 damage to the gatekeeper of the rift.]

With the damage window, the power explodes.

Kwaaaaaa!

The physical force spreads out in a fan shape. The gatekeeper's entire body distorts in an instant. The bursting power collides with the barrier set up by the magician.

Ttteeer!

"Kkkkkk!"

"Uuuuuuh!"

People cover their ears. The sound is like the world itself is tearing apart. Even though the magician's barrier blocks all influences, it still pierces through and resonates.

Ttteeer!

The magician's multiple layers of barriers are shattered and cracked.

"Ah!"

The magician hastily waves their hand. The system's barrier becomes even more solid and tightly seals the boundary.

And the bursting physical force collides with the system's barrier.

Wuuuuuuuuuuung!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The curtain trembles. The wizard felt a sudden burden. The physical force that collided with the curtain contained immense power.

Oooooh......

The bursting physical force finally subsides. All the power is consumed, and a slow, eerie silence begins to fall.

Thud.

And a crack appears in the system's curtain. The wizard lets out a sigh.

"I should have expected as much."

Multiplication deals damage squared.

And Taesan had multiple skills that increased attack power and damage.

But the wizard, who was both the creator and transcender of the labyrinth, had not considered the possibility of this happening.

The reason was simple.

From the transcender's perspective, it was an impossible feat.

"It's not physical force, but closer to a concept."

The wizard muttered to himself. The physical force that had shaken the world was slowly subsiding.

"Phew."

Taesan took a deep breath.

His entire body ached. Although he didn't take any damage thanks to his skills, he could feel the aftermath.

Taesan turned his gaze.

The trajectory of the sword had distorted the fabric of space and time itself.

The immense physical force had left a scar on the universe.

"Amazing."

[......Ugh.]
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Bardley trembled. He felt the physical power that Taesan wielded throughout his entire body. That's why he knew.

[Is this possible according to the laws of the universe?]

It was an incomprehensible power. At least, it was not a concept that he could accept.

[Even if I'm a high priest, can I survive this?]

"It seems possible."

In the ruined land, matter that was not matter slowly began to take shape.

[Are you alive?]

Bardley was shocked, and Taesan accepted it calmly.

The high priest was a being beyond existence. He didn't think that physical power alone could kill him.

However, it was not without damage.

It was broken.

The human form was distorted, resembling a melted statue. The sense of oppression and discomfort that he felt throughout his body had also decreased significantly.

The high priest had suffered a great blow from his attack.

It wasn't fatal, but it was close.

"I'm certain."

With the physical power he currently possessed, he could inflict a fatal wound on the high priest.

The swordmaster raised his trembling hand. Black energy surged out.

Kiiiiing!

And then, the orbs began to form.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

However, the number and quality of the beads were significantly lower than before. Only five beads appeared.

Kiiiiing!

The golden light envelops the Taesan. His physical body recovers.

"If there's a problem, I don't have anything to say."

He poured everything into the previous attack to land a hit. Although his divine energy wasn't consumed infinitely, he couldn't draw out any more of the black energy.

"But..."

The opponent was also not in a good state. In this state, he could win easily.

Taesan gave strength to his feet.

Quaaaang!

His physical body charges towards the gatekeeper. The gatekeeper handles the beads and pushes them back.

[You have activated a consecutive attack.]

Kagagak!

He wields his sword.

Although the attack contained only divine energy, not a boundary, and the beads were also weakened, it was possible to repel them even if it felt burdensome.

Kaang!

He doesn't stop.

He advances and advances, lowering his posture, swinging his sword, and launching an attack.

And Taesan arrived in front of the gatekeeper again.

"We meet again."

It's different from before. Both of them have exhausted their strength.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

However, Taesan had a remaining card unlike the Gatekeeper.

The Gatekeeper swung his hand. Five orbs rotated and flew towards Taesan.

Taesan drew his sword.

[You activated the Distorted Ring of Regret, resetting the cooldown of Multiplication.][You activated Addition.][You activated Multiplication.]

A physical force of 40 billion was unleashed through Taesan's sword into the world.

Kwaaaang!

The power exploded. The orbs scattered, and the Gatekeeper fell to the ground.

But the Gatekeeper quickly got back up. He withstood 40 billion damage and swung his arm. An orb flew rapidly towards Taesan.

Taesan didn't dodge.

[You took 3% damage.][Your Endurance was activated. You will ignore all damage received for 1 second.]

Taesan drew his sword again.

Kwaduk!

The sword pierced deep into the Gatekeeper's chest.

It burst into a divine light, illuminating the world like the sun. The Gatekeeper's body began to burn.

But he didn't die.

Taesan infused his sword with power. Simple divinity couldn't kill the Gatekeeper.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It's possible because of the boundary line alone.

But the black color has been completely consumed.

So, it's forcibly summoned.

[You have activated forced arrival.]

Ssss.

There was no more black color inside the mountain's interior. What was left after scraping the bottom was not even a speck of dust.

But the black color rises.

Things that are not his, but are inside him, are forcibly rising. In an instant, the black color covers the entire area.

Ka-ching!

It turns into a grayish color and covers the gatekeeper.

And the world is dyed gray."

Note: The translation tries to maintain the original tone and style of the text, but some nuances may be lost in translation.