
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 546

546. The Treasure Chest of the Usurper (4)

Taesan made a decision.

Since the most important core had made its own judgment, there was nothing more to say. The Transcenders began to quickly process the tasks they had prepared.

"First, you need to disguise yourself to get in. If the beings on the other side don't notice you and think you're one of them, it'll be easier to move around."

It wasn't just the high-ranking officials on the other side.

There were also many monsters and underlings born from them. It was necessary to hide from them.

"You might be able to do it."

Graem was more than capable. A boundary surrounded Taesan's body.

The ash-colored aura perfectly enveloped Taesan, leaving no gaps.

And Taesan gradually reduced the ratio of his divine energy.

Like the underlings of the high-ranking officials, he increased the ratio of his black energy and enveloped his entire body. His presence and aura were completely shrouded in black, and the color began to seep in.

"Is this enough?"

"It's sufficient."

The magician nodded in admiration.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I thought it was possible because I had the black color, but I didn't know I could do it this perfectly."

Even the transcenders couldn't read Taesan's aura.

It wasn't just that they couldn't observe him; they couldn't even grasp his strengths and weaknesses.

But Taesan now was different. He had disguised himself with the black color, making it feel like he was one of the low-ranking officials of the high gods.

The fact that even the transcenders felt this way meant that only a very few could actually sense it. Arirnan, too, had a similar reaction to the magician.

"If I act moderately, it'll be perfect."

"Is it okay if I take on a human form?"

"There were many human forms on the other side, so it doesn't matter. It's been a long time, so I don't know what it's like now, but there won't be a problem. They're the kind that looks at the essence rather than the form."

"Alright, receive it."

The magician handed Taesan a bead. Taesan's face contorted as he received the bead.

"......This is."

The bead contained the combined power of many transcenders.

[You have obtained an unstable aura collection.]

"What is this?"
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"'Disposable bomb? Beyond that, it's an unknown place, and even if you arrive at the treasure chest, you might not be able to break it open with your own strength. That's why you need a tool for it.'

'It's not just a disposable bomb, is it?'

The power of multiple transcendents was contained within. If you were to create an item with this as a material, it would easily surpass a normal sacred artifact. Only a transcendent who grasps the complete concept can handle it, and it would be impossible for anyone else.

This one item had a value that easily surpassed dozens of planets.

That's why it was given to be used once.

'You have a burden like that. To be honest, I want to give you more blessings, but... I don't have the leisure to do so right now. I've been preparing this orb for a long time, and I'm only taking it out now.'

Even transcendents were using their full power, just like the high gods.

That's how important Taesan's role was. Taesan grasped the orb.

'Good.'

The rest is just execution. Taesan gazed at the wizard with a calm eye.

'Preparations are complete. Let's move now.'

* * *

And Taesan arrived.

At the boundary of the world where the high gods were expelled.

Kuuuuuuuuung......

The boundary was shaking greatly.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Many transcenders are watching, but the cracks are growing bigger. The dark energies of the gods are seeping through the gaps, polluting the universe.

"It's brutal."

"It's very brutal."

The magician laughs and applauds, and his authority is activated, reinforcing the boundary.

However, it's too late to stop the cracks that have already spread.

The boundary is slowly collapsing.

"What should we do then?"

"Let's see later."

"I hope we can see it again without any problems. Farewell."

Taesan receives the magician's farewell and throws himself towards the crack.

Whoosh. The boundary rises and surrounds Taesan. The ash-colored darkness gradually turns black, concealing Taesan's presence.

And there's one more.

[You have activated Baal's overlapping darkness [boundary].]

The darkness wraps around Taesan once more.

Baal's overlapping darkness. This black magic was originally capable of concealing even transcenders.

Taesan has now activated its true power.

Taesan's body is hidden.

Literally, to the point where no one can find him. Even transcenders or gods would have a hard time detecting him.

Taesan flies towards the boundary, just like that."

Note: "Transcenders" is a term that seems to refer to powerful beings or gods in this context. "Baal" is likely a reference to a powerful entity or deity.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I'm searching for a place where the gods' presence can't be felt, and I've placed my hand on the boundary.

Uuuuuuuuuu......

The boundary that touched my hand trembled anxiously.

I rejected the great mountain, denied it, and tried to push it away.

The boundary had numerous cracks and fissures, but it still divided the world. It was impossible to break it with just individual power.

But that was a story that didn't concern the great mountain.

The great mountain pulled up the boundary. The ash-colored boundary that sealed the gods touched the boundary.

And the boundary opened.

It didn't break. Instead, a passage that only accepted the great mountain was created, like it was melting.

The great mountain inserted its body beyond the boundary. The boundary returned to its original form.

"Phew."

The great mountain took a short breath and looked up.

Before it, a world dyed in pitch black appeared.

It was dark, but it wasn't just simple darkness. Despite the absence of light, its vision wasn't obscured, and it could clearly distinguish between objects.

"Amazing."

The great mountain briefly expressed its impression.

Gravity, light, shadows, and numerous other concepts of the world.

None of them could be felt."

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The only thing that can be felt is one.

It was only black.

The gods' things dominated the world itself.

This was the world of the gods who were expelled, a realm beyond the universe where the concept of the universe did not apply.

* * *

[Umm...][Uh-huh.]

Bardley and Akasha let out a sigh. The souls of the two, who had entered a separate realm, were being gradually eroded. Taesan quickly reinforced the boundary.

[Whew. Thanks. I almost went crazy.]

"Can't you withstand my control?"

Bardley and Akasha were Taesan's possessions. Their spirits and vigor were somewhat in sync with his.

Even so, the two found it difficult to withstand until Taesan added another layer of boundary.

This meant that this realm was that much more alien and distorted.

Taesan wrapped his body in the boundary and waited quietly.

But nothing happened. The presence of the gods could not be felt. It meant that Taesan had entered without being noticed.

"I succeeded."

Then, all that was left was to find the treasure box of the usurper.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I roughly knew the location. Arirnan synchronized with Taesan's spirit and showed him everything he knew. Taesan headed towards that place.

Dark, swaying things blocked Taesan's view.

Bardley muttered, seemingly disgusted.

[This is... a different place. What kind of place is this?]

To Bardley, the universe was common sense.

Objects fell from top to bottom, fire burned wood, and plants withered and died without water.

It was a matter of course that he had never doubted.

But this place was where that common sense didn't apply. As Bardley, who was born and raised in the universe, felt an instinctive sense of rejection.

[Let's get this over with and leave. I don't want to stay here.]

Taesan silently moved forward.

As they moved away from the boundary, several shapes appeared in Taesan's view.

'A planet?'

They were massive structures similar to the planets in the universe.

However, their shapes were quite unusual.

The planet wasn't a sphere, but a rectangular shape.

It wasn't just a rectangular shape. One looked like a giant monument, and another was a rectangular surface without any shape. Some had distorted and wobbly forms that defied definition."

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Things that looked like planets were gathered at a certain distance, lined up in a row.

[...This is not good.]

Bardley swallowed his saliva.

[This is not good at all. Wouldn't it be better to avoid it?]

Taesan didn't respond.

After gazing at them for a moment, Taesan took a step forward. His body began to fly towards the square-shaped planet.

[What the...!]

Bardley was shocked, but Taesan's footsteps didn't stop. He quickly approached the square-shaped planet.

Thud.

And Taesan landed on the planet.

Kiiing.

A swift and stealthy detection swept across the planet, unnoticed by anyone.

And as a result, Taesan was able to know.

That there were many filthy and ugly things existing here.

Taesan took another step. Before long, he could see a massive group.

"There are many."

Countless low-ranking warriors of the gods were there, forming a line like warriors waiting for battle, their emotions fully exposed.

A being that seemed to be their leader stood at the front.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

It was a being that possessed a mantle that fluttered like a god of death, holding a scythe in one hand. It was an extremely powerful existence.

The god of death noticed the existence of Taesan.

Their gazes met.

Taesan walked calmly and stood right in front of the god of death.

[...This is the first time I've felt this kind of discomfort.]

A wave of willpower that shook the universe reached Taesan.

It wasn't language.

It was beyond the realm of understanding for any being in the universe.

But Taesan immediately understood the intention behind that willpower.

Taesan gazed at the god of death with a calm expression. The god of death quietly conveyed its will.

[Who are you?]

Taesan didn't respond.

The opponent said that Taesan was the first to feel this kind of discomfort, implying that they thought Taesan was one of their kind.

Taesan had successfully hidden their true self.

So, what should they do now?

Hundreds of possibilities and judgments flashed through Taesan's mind.

[...You...]

The god of death was taken aback by Taesan's silent response.

Taesan made a decision.

Instead of answering, Taesan lightly snapped their fingers.

Kiing!

And the world began to distort.

Kwak!

The axis of the world began to warp.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"He couldn't express it in words. The distorted, twisted power of the authority overwhelmed the death god.

[Ah.]

The death god, without realizing it, took a step back.

Taesan looked at his own hand with a strange expression.

He had activated the power of time interference, which was a monster that walked through time.

However, in this place, the concept of time did not exist. So, the power was activated in a completely different direction.

"What is this?"

Taesan thought to himself, and the death god let out a scream of surprise.

[I greet a part of the great one!]

The death god bowed his head, taking a perfect submissive posture.

His movement was like riding a wave, and it spread to the monsters behind him as well.

Thousands of monsters simultaneously turned their bodies towards Taesan, perfectly suppressing their power and surrendering their control to him.

"It's done."

Taesan thought that if he used the power he had stolen through spiritual theft without needing to package himself, they would accept him.

Taesan's prediction was correct. They had mistaken him for a perfect fragment of the time-walking monster.

"Well, I suppose it's a part of it."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan was silent. The stillness was so frightening that the messenger trembled with determination and asked.

[Is it okay if I ask what's going on here...?]

Taesan, who had been gazing at the messenger for a moment, opened his mouth. But he didn't speak in language.

Like the messenger, he also sent out a wave of determination. Just like a warning.