
Episode 56

56. Earth. Return (4)

"Alright, everyone wake up."

People rubbed their eyes and slowly got up. Jung-geun checked the headcount and said calmly.

"This is it. Let's hurry."

They resumed their journey.

The expressions on people's faces brightened. Though slow, they had been moving for almost two days. They would soon arrive at city hall.

Then a problem arose.

Growl.

[Monster 8995421675 has appeared.]

A snake-like monster appeared in front of them. Jung-geun halted the people and raised his sword.

Jung-geun could handle one monster. Everyone waited without much tension.

[Monster 4112266445 has appeared.]

"Huh?"

A second monster appeared.

But the people weren't particularly startled.

There had been instances of a second monster appearing before, but they had all been resolved in ways they didn't fully understand. A vague belief that this time would be the same dominated their thoughts.

Growl.

[Monster 5666642112 has appeared.]
However, when the third monster appeared, the situation changed.

"Huh, what?"

"Wait."

Three monsters surrounded them. Jung-geun swung his sword roughly, pushing the monsters back and shouted.

"Run!"

Two was somehow possible.

But three was absolutely impossible.

People screamed as they ran.

The race for their lives had begun.

Growl.

The monsters aimed for the people's backs. Just as they were about to crush the head of a young child who had fallen behind, Jung-geun rushed in and blocked them.

Crunch!

"Oof!"

With a fierce strength, Jung-geun clenched his teeth.

People desperately fled, but eventually, they would be caught by the monsters.

They had to buy time until they reached city hall.

The three monsters simultaneously attacked Jung-geun. He gasped for breath.

"You activated the breathless attack. You have freedom of breath for the next 10 seconds."

Click.

Freedom of breath was granted. He moved his arms and legs to fend off the monsters' attacks. Quickly, he opened his inventory.

He threw a blue powder.

Bang!
The powder exploded, forming a physical barrier.

Temperature's powder. An item that explodes upon contact with enemies, creating a barrier of its type. It was an expensive item, worth a whopping five hundred gold.

Tears welled up, but thanks to it, the monsters were pushed back and a gap opened. One monster twisted its long arms and struck Jung-geun.

Instead of dodging, Jung-geun blocked with both arms.

"[Gold Jung-geun takes 6 damage.]"

"Oof!"

He took damage, but it allowed him to hurl his body backwards. Jung-geun immediately rushed towards the people.

It was an astonishingly perfect response. If they could hold on a little longer, they might reach City Hall.

As Jung-geun headed in the direction people were moving, he paused. His eyes flickered.

"Why?"

People couldn't move forward and were hesitating. Eventually, Taesan could understand why.

Growl.

"[Monster 5123198777 has appeared.] [Monster 1234561232 has appeared.]"

Two monsters blocked the path of the people.

"This, this is..."

"Mr. Jung-geun!"

"P-Please, save us!"
The tearful voice echoed, but Jung-geun couldn't reply. It was because three monsters were approaching from behind him.

Surrounded by five monsters.

Jung-geun gnashed his teeth.

"Are they really trying to kill us like this?"

Growl.

A monster with large tentacles moved its body. Jung-geun hurriedly rushed to block it from sweeping away the people.

Thud!

Jung-geun was pushed back. Other monsters attacked him.

He desperately defended himself, but from the start, he couldn't handle even two of them. Wounds started to appear all over his body.

In this desperate situation, Jung-geun remained calm and rational.

"I can't win this."

Even if he gave everything he had, the outcome wouldn't change. If he managed to hold out here, the only result would be everyone dying.

Then, could he escape alone?

The answer came quickly. Yes, it was possible. The monsters were almost evenly matched in strength and speed with him. If he swiftly struck them down and moved, it wouldn't be difficult.

The sword moved roughly.

Clang!

The monster was momentarily pushed back. Another monster took advantage of the gap.

Jung-geun's face contorted grimly.

He had to abandon.

Two hundred people.

Those who had followed and trusted him.

Including by his own will.
Jung-geun felt nauseous.

He was a good person.

He headed towards the city hall with two hundred burdens. He volunteered to save them. Some might say it was the obvious thing to do, but in a world where few did what was expected of them, he could be considered good.

Yet he was also someone who understood reality coldly. He wasn't so good as to sacrifice his life for others.

It was incredibly painful for him.

Everyone felt that way sometimes, but it was worse for him. He couldn't abandon himself, even though he had no one to take responsibility to the end. He found himself disgusting for not being able to abandon himself calmly.

If he was going to abandon them like this, wouldn't it have been better not to seek them out in the first place? If he sought them out, didn't he have to do so to the end?

He barely held onto his trembling hands and turned his gaze.

Desperate eyes from two hundred pairs were fixed on him.

Faces relying on him, placing all their hopes in him.

He had to abandon all of them. He had to ignore the screams and resentment directed towards him as he died.

"If only I sacrifice myself for them instead."
Then it would be very simple. It's just a matter that would be resolved if we all just died together.

But Jung-geun is not that kind of person. In the end, he cannot choose death.

In his previous life, he had accepted death calmly, partly because of self-loathing accumulated from experiences like this.

"If only I had the strength."

To protect them all.

To defeat the monsters and move forward.

But he doesn't have that strength. Jung-geun ceased the battle. People hesitated as they looked at him standing still.

"Sir Jung-geun?"

"Why are you like this?"

He looked sadly at the people. Fear chilled the faces of those who felt foreboding.

It was when Jung-geun made his decision.

"Shall we go?"

Tae-san spoke.

* * *

Jung-geun, who had been about to throw himself, hesitated. Tae-san was silently watching him. There was not a hint of wavering even in a situation where everyone was dying.

Tae-san muttered.

"So it turned out like this."

Returning alone to the city hall from his previous life, Jung-geun refused to talk to anyone and was isolated.

He regained his senses after his second return.
Taesan noticed Jung-geun's intention and grinned knowingly.

"Are you going to criticize me?"

"Why would I?"

Jung-geun was taken aback by Taesan's nonchalant words. Taesan had a face that showed he had no reason to do so.

Grunt.

As if displeased with their conversation, the monster moved its arms. Jung-geun reflexively tried to block an attack aimed at Taesan's head.

Crunch.

But before he could react, the monster was crushed.

"[Monster 5123198777 takes 60 damage.]"

"Huh."

"60?"

The eyes of the despairing ones widened. Jung-geun hesitated. Taesan wiped off his sword, slimed with mucus.

"I won't criticize whatever choice you make. I was just curious."

What had happened? That was the reason he had stuck around.

It ended up being somewhat trivial.

Taesan's arm shook. The moment it disappeared, the heads of the monsters exploded.

"Uh, wha?"

Jung-geun was astonished. He had managed to struggle and capture only one. With two or more, he couldn't use his hands and had no choice but to run away.
Five such monsters burst forth simultaneously. He didn't even see how the sword moved.

"You. Surely..."

It was the moment when suspicion turned into certainty.

Grunt.

[Monster 45677521 appears.]

An eight-digit monster appeared. It seemed larger and stronger than the others.

Class E monster. A creature that could only be defeated after delving into Extreme Mode.

Taesan lazily moved his sword.

* * *

"Wow..."

"We finally made it to the City Hall..."

People arrived at the City Hall, choked with emotion. A woman, perhaps volunteering as a gatekeeper, blinked groggily.

"Oh, why are there so many people?"

She scanned through the crowd of over a hundred. Then, spotting Jung-geun, she exclaimed in admiration.

"Oh! Jung-geun! You're here too."

"Yes. Hello, Ms. Hwi-yeon."

Jung-geun greeted her with a wry smile.

Kim Hwi-yeon. She was one of the few people Taesan had befriended as a Hard Mode player.

She had died on her third return.

"Wow... I've never seen such a large group before."
She couldn't hide her admiration as she looked at the people. She had been watching the people entering the City Hall, but no matter how many there were, they numbered only five in total. This scale of a large group was awe-inspiring.

She looked at Jung-geun with a dignified expression.

"You kept watch?"

"No, not me..."

As she was about to mention Taesan, he quietly shook his head. Jung-geun fell silent.

"Huh? Not you?"

"No. It's thanks to everyone together."

Hwi-yeon smirked but didn't pry any further.

"Well then, let me guide you. Come this way."

She didn't show any particular interest in Taesan. She simply thought of him as one of the hundreds.

She led the people into the City Hall. Jung-geun marveled.

"There are... so many people."

There were already many people gathered outside the City Hall, and inside the building, there was barely enough space to sit comfortably.

"Since all the Anyang residents are here. Considering that, it's not much."

Hwi-yeon clicked her tongue. Jung-geun's expression darkened as he understood her implication.

Anyang had a population of 500,000. Normally, that number couldn't fit into one City Hall. 

Yet the fact that it was filled meant that many people had died.
"Still, we survived. We did."

She patted Jung-geun on the shoulder.

"Thanks to you, over a hundred people survived. You can be proud."

"Haha..."

Jung-geun chuckled awkwardly and glanced at Taesan. He changed the subject.

"But with this many people, who's going to represent us?"

There were tens of thousands of people. Just talking amongst themselves would be overwhelming. Someone had to lead and manage them.

"Ah..."

Hwi-yeon sighed, looking troubled.

"That's why my head hurts now. People keep babbling nonsense..."

"Nonsense?"

"They're fighting among themselves, causing chaos. I'd like to straighten them out, but it's not so simple."

She sighed deeply and gestured with her hand.

"Let's take a break for now. You must be tired, right? I'll explain later."

"Yes."

Curious, but exhausted, Jung-geun simply nodded. He was truly worn out. Having fought relentlessly for two straight days without sleep, he felt like he could collapse at any moment.

Hwi-yeon gave him a warm smile and gently stroked Jung-geun's head.
"I'll take the others to their families. You get some rest for now."

---

Around a hundred people found their own families. They embraced each other tearfully.

"Brother!"

An Jeong-hee sobbed as she grabbed a man who resembled herself. Taesan watched from afar.

Even if they all died, it wouldn't matter, but it wasn't a bad sight.

An Jeong-hee, who noticed him from a distance, thanked him tearfully.

Taesan moved his steps.

Not everyone found their families. There were those who heard of death and were desperate and those who still did not give up hope and whispered.

They would all adapt over time.

Taesan left the city hall and looked outside. I felt one of the souls moving here.

Soon, more than half.

A new quest will start.

"You were here."

Taesan answered the