
Here is the translation of the text:

Article 565

565. The World's Grinder (1)

There was a sentence that said "everything."

It was a literal meaning. If the Great Mountain could handle it, it would accept everything and leave nothing out.

At that moment, a vast empty space felt like it was inside him.

It was incredibly vast and endless, like a huge hole.

If one wanted to, it seemed like one could swallow the universe.

However, it was not perfect.

The true power of the Maze of the Abyss was infinite power, without a bottom.

But the Maze of the Abyss that the Great Mountain had obtained had a bottom.

Although it was deep and wide, it was difficult to grasp its end, but it was a clear bottom.

"I must have twisted it because of that."

It seemed that he had usurped the Maze of the Abyss after damaging its unchanging nature. In reality, his proficiency was not 100%, but 99%.

That 1% was irretrievable. The Maze of the Abyss had completely disappeared.

However, that did not mean that the value of his power had decreased significantly.
Here is the translation of the text:

The Mujeong is still vast and deep, so not much has changed in what can be done. With the Mujeong obtained, absolute defense is possible.

It was to take in all the attacks aimed at it and put them inside.

Although it is written that the owner can handle what is within their limits, even if it's the current Taesan, it's possible to take in even the power of the gods without a problem.

In the end, the opponent would have to penetrate the boundary, fill the Mujeong, and spend all the nullification of the attack to hit Taesan.

[Absolute Defense Army.]

"It's not that strong, though."

[It's not that strong, even if I look at it... .]

Badril laughed. He had been quiet due to shock until now, but he's finally regained his composure.

"You killed the High God."

The full High God.

The Mujeong fell into Taesan's hands.

[Although it's not perfect, it's the power of the High God itself that was usurped. To penetrate that and attack you, I don't know if it's possible. Even thinking about it again, the usurpation of the High God's power is an unimaginable strength.
Here is the translation of the text:

He seized the power of the High God perfectly. Every time he crushed a High God, he obtained the power of the High God. It was an impossible feat.

"[If I could end the war in a true sense...]."

"Ah, well."

The Great Mountain was still uncertain.

The High God, who had not moved, and the God of Destruction, who had fallen.

They were clearly aiming for something.

"And..."

The Great Mountain had entered the domain of the High God.

He directly saw the distorted space and the space stained with black, and experienced it with his body.

And after he entered the domain, he came out.

In every moment, there was a gaze directed at him.

At that time, he did not fully realize it. He did not even notice that there was such a gaze. The reason was one.

The owner of that gaze was too enormous.

It was as if the gaze was the High God's domain itself, and the Great Mountain could not fully understand it. At that time, he felt a slight sense of unease and only vaguely realized it.

The owner of that gaze did not show any hostility towards the Great Mountain.

The emotions contained within were probably curiosity and fascination.

"What kind of existence is this?"
Here is the translation of the text:

The high-ranking beings were attacking the boundaries to invade the universe. Despite that, their existence was not visible. It was as if they were just watching like an observer.

There were still many unknown things.

He thought about maximizing his strength to the extent that he could not be certain about. This time's battle was not just about obtaining a new skill. During the process of incorporating the boundaries, two skills also underwent changes.

[Owner of the Boundary] [A new boundary controller born from the boundary. Due to you, the boundary has finally gained its own self-awareness. It has been born as a living being. The boundary follows your orders and shows hostility to your enemies.] [Transcendence: Boundary] [Proficiency: 100%] [Boundary's Edge. Something that has taken its place between worlds and beyond. It has been born as a complete self-aware being and a living being.]

The changed part was exactly as expected by Tai Shan. The part about the boundary becoming a living being was added.

The boundary was incorporated into the cycle, and was born as a pure living being.

It's hard to say exactly what changed, but the boundary itself underwent a significant change. This was a very powerful direction.

As a living being, it possesses physical strength, regenerates itself through cycles, and absorbs the world.
Here is the translation of the text:

Tae-san thought of the boundary beast that was destroyed when the last underground prison was broken.

The beast expanded its own domain and destroyed the underground prison.

The important point was the expansion of its domain.

When the beast obtained life and expanded its domain, something was different. It truly made all things its own in the true sense.

That moment was the boundary itself.

It also became a card. Tae-san stored this method in his mind.

Tae-san checked the community for the first time in a long time.

The players in the community were preparing to end it slowly.

Most of the players in easy mode and normal mode had reached the 100th floor.

Hard mode was not much different. The elite players had arrived at the mid-to-late 90th floor and were discussing how to reduce the remaining floors and sacrifices.

Tae-san was pushing to clear it as much as possible as he had said before, but he was in a state where he could return to Earth at any moment if he just made up his mind.

Tae-san gazed at them for a moment before calling out to the solo players.
Here is the translation of the text:

Kang Tae-san said, "How far have you come?" Kang Jun-hyeok replied, "Ah, hyung, I'm currently on the 78th floor." Amelia Airline said, "85th floor." Kang Tae-san asked, "Faster than expected?"

Kang Tae-san was shocked. Last time, Kang Jun-hyeok had reached the 69th floor, and Amelia had reached the 76th floor. Those levels were deep in the labyrinth.

Moreover, breaking through each level took a very long time.

Kang Tae-san thought that at most, five levels would be the limit, but both of them had surpassed his expectations. Amelia said, as if she didn't care, "You're saying that? It's all thanks to you."

Kang Tae-san suddenly understood Amelia's words.

Kang Tae-san said, "Not bad, not bad at all?"

Kang Tae-san was a transcendent being who governed the concept of the entire universe. The Earth's players were his disciples. He had given them the power of physical strength.

Among them, Amelia and Kang Jun-hyeok were his apostles.

They were directly under his command.

Therefore, Kang Tae-san could directly give them a boundary. He didn't know how to handle them, but it seemed that they were doing well, better than expected.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Kang Jun-hyeok [Alone] : It's not at a good level.] [Amelia Airelin [Alone] : Honestly, we can't even use it properly. We're just barely scratching the surface, and it's not even a real fight. But... it's strong enough just like that.]

The boundary is above all coexistence.

It was enough to break through all of the opponent's attacks and defenses just by using it. It was the boundary, which was impossible to respond to unless one was a transcendent being or a high-level existence.

No matter how deep it went, it was a balance breaker.

[Amelia Airelin [Alone] : It feels like I'm getting too dependent on it, and it's starting to feel like I'm being devoured by it.] [Kang Tae-san [Alone] : That's just your power. There's no problem.] [Amelia Airelin [Alone] : I know that, but it's a strange feeling.]

From Tae-san's perspective, it was not a bad story. He could use the boundary without any trouble, as if it were a gift from his mentor.

[Kang Tae-san [Alone] : What about Lee Tae-yeon?] [Lee Tae-yeon [Alone] : 90th floor.]

Lee Tae-yeon was also very fast. She had obtained the physical power of the authority and, as Maria's disciple, also had the authority related to it. She was in an incredible state, far surpassing a typical adventurer.
Here is the translation of the text:

[Taeyeon: Taesan, are you?] [Taesan: It's 99 floors.] [Amelia Airline: ...Huh?] [Taeyeon: It's really the end now.] [Taesan: I don't know how long it will take from here.]

But it could have been very short.

Taesan briefly chatted with someone and then turned off the community.

He closed his eyes and took a rest. He checked his overall status and relaxed.

After fully recovering, Taesan went down the stairs. He arrived at the 99th floor, but there was nothing there.

It was just empty.

The system window also did not appear.

It meant that it was impossible to proceed at the 99th floor.

Probably, it would remain in this state until the mage returned.

And Taesan did not think he could wait quietly. He took his space.

"It's my way, but... I'll understand."

He muttered to himself and took his space.

And he inserted his body into it.

Taesan disappeared from the labyrinth.

*Cough* *Cough* *Cough* *Cough*!

The universe was torn apart.

It was not a metaphor or a figure of speech, but a literal meaning.

The universe itself was being torn apart.

And the one who caused this phenomenon was incredibly massive.

A monster in the form of a human, literally shaking and crushing the universe itself.
Here is the translation of the text:

And there were those who opposed its existence.

[What a despicable world-destroyer!]

Its anger was overflowing. It was a handsome man. He wildly swung his hand.

[Hold on.]

Hahahahahaha!

The chains burst out. It was a concept of the universe. The power of constraint.

The man was a god of constraint.

He tried to bind the world-destroyer with his own concept.

Kuku-kuku-kung!

But it was unsuccessful.

The world-destroyer seemed annoyed, and lightly shook its body.

Just by that, the universe began to shake.

The power of constraint collided with its own immutability, and shattered. The god of constraint sensed this.

[It's not going to work.]

Wooooo!

The world-destroyer clenched its fist.

Its actions alone distorted and shattered the concept of the universe.

The fist was swung. The body moved to strike the god of constraint.

It was a moment when the god of constraint was about to respond.

Ki-ki-ki-ki!

A mighty sword appeared. A sword of enormous size that could split a planet.

It was a concept of the sword itself. The god of constraint muttered.

[Ah, hell.]

Sword god, Ah, hell.

Kagakagak!

The sword blocked the world-destroyer's fist.
Here is the translation of the text:

And the intangible aura seizes the fist of the World Crusher.

It is the power to control and suppress everything in the universe.

It does not stop there. Another power emerges.

[Crush!]

With a rough voice, something compressed is pressed down on the fist.

It is the power to compress and compress everything in the universe.

The God of Constraint is also not idle. He tries to block the fist to control his own power.

The God with a complete concept. The powers of the four combine. It is a collection of powers that can shake the universe.

Snap!

But it breaks apart.

The self-sufficiency of the World Crusher, who has been crushed, crushes the concept of the world and rejects it.

Kwaahahah!

The powers are shattered.

The World Crusher, who has gained freedom, swings his fist. The universe lets out a scream and tears apart.