
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 573

573. The God of Fall, the Usurper (4)

Ku-gu-gu-gu-gung!

The universe is shaking.

The concept of all things is collapsing and repeating itself. It was as if it was witnessing the end and creation of the universe.

And at the center of it all, there was the Earth.

"Fight!"

Someone shouts. Blood splatters. Fleeting lives fall and die.

But they don't stop.

They grit their teeth and let out a loud cry.

"We will win!"

[Ka-aa-aa!]

The monster responds with a roar. Humans and giant monsters clash with each other.

[Uo-o-o-o-o!]

A giant giant charges forward. Every time it moves its legs, the ground collapses and people fly away.

An S-class monster. One of the single-digit existences.

People are terrified and try to distance themselves. But the giant approaches them in an instant, as if mocking them, and raises its fist.

Just as it's about to strike.

A woman charges towards the S-class monster.

She swings her sword directly at the descending fist. A loud crash erupts.

[Uo-o!]
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

And the one flying away was a giant. People were amazed.

"Wow!"

"Taeyeon!"

Taeyeon quickly charged towards the giant flying away. Countless monsters around her tried to block her way. There were hundreds of them.

All of them were A-grade monsters.

Even hard-mode players would have to use all their strength to barely defeat them.

But Taeyeon took a step forward.

Whoosh!

Hundreds of monsters were torn apart. Taeyeon poured all her strength into her sword, combining physical power and skills to stab the monster's chest.

Thud!

The monster couldn't even scream as it flew away.

An S-grade monster fell like that.

Taeyeon caught her breath. She needed to recover a little by using all her strength.

But there was no time for that.

[Ugh ugh ugh!]

Monsters rushed towards her.

People were flying around like toys. Taeyeon gritted her teeth and launched herself.

Ku ku ku ku!

The battle was extremely intense.

And naturally, humanity was on the defensive.

[Ah ah ah!] [Ku ku ku!]

"There's no end to this!"

Kim Hwiyeon shouted roughly as she swung her sword.
$@$v=v1.16-rv2$@$"S-grade monsters were endlessly coming down. There were also not a few A-grade monsters. Even Diana and Bellackia, the strong ones, were holding them back, but they too were out of resources. People desperately resisted, but one by one they fell down.

And most of all, there was a dreadful existence in between.

Grrrrrugggg.

Just by moving, it causes the earth to crumble. Everything melts and disappears.

An existence that the system window cannot describe.

It was a demon.

It tries to approach people. People hold their breath. The fact that they will lose their lives if they are near that existence is felt instinctively.

And there was someone who was blocking it.

"Seriously, I don't even have time to rest."

Itaewon who defeated the S-grade monster runs. She swings her hand.

Kiiiiying!

[You have activated the responsibility, obligation, and right of choice.]

The god of choice, Maria's power is activated.

She instantly amplifies her stature.

She swings her sword. It collides with the demon.

Blaaaow!"
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

She took a deep breath and landed.

"You worked hard."

"I'm going to die."

Amelia let out a sigh and stepped back. While she was dealing with other monsters, Amelia was holding her own against the sword.

That time was never short. Amelia had been facing the sword alone for over an hour.

Amelia still hadn't cleared the labyrinth. She wasn't at a level to face the sword.

But her body didn't have any major injuries. Lee Tae-yeon muttered in amazement.

"Boundary... it's a power like a real monster."

What made it possible was the boundary.

As Amelia and Kang Joon-hyuk were allowed to use the boundary as the sword of Taesan.

It was an otherworldly concept, neither of the universe nor of the gods.

She had managed to withstand the sword, which was her opponent, by handling it.

"You worked hard."

"Can we take a break now?"

"You know we don't have the luxury to do that."

"......Damn it."

"Still, I've got things in order. I can help you too."

"Okay. Let's do it."

Amelia gritted her teeth and pulled out the boundary. Slowly. A grayish aura surrounded her.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Kang Joon-hyuk had not yet reached the level where he could withstand the attacks of the Sado. He had to prevent the Sado from attacking people alone.

"Terrible. Really."

Lee Tae-yeon muttered to herself.

The monsters attacking them were countless and only the strong ones remained.

The quantity was incomparable to when the earth was destroyed in the previous life.

But they were holding on.

"Block it!"

"Maintain the formation!"

There were sacrifices, but people were holding on.

The number of people who survived compared to the previous life was overwhelming. The number, which was in the tens of thousands, was not inferior to the monsters. They were maintaining the formation, accepting sacrifices, and holding on.

And above all, Taesan's existence was crucial.

The divine power, spirit, and black magic he gave to the earth's players.

And the authority of physical strength.

It raised the level of the people to a higher level. If they were hard-mode players now, they could easily win against even A-grade monsters.

It was all thanks to Taesan.

"We can hold on."

Lee Tae-yeon gripped her sword tightly.

She was no longer the woman who trembled with fear and pretended to be calm.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

With a determined gaze, she takes a step forward towards the apostle.

At that moment.

Kyiiiing!

Power is bestowed upon her. Lee Tae-yeon's rabbit eyes gleam.

"What?"

The immense power, which could rival even the apostle, takes control of her. It was a blessing that could counter even the apostle.

"Maria-nim?"

Lee Tae-yeon is taken aback. She was Maria's apostle. Maria could grant her blessings.

But she didn't expect it. Even transcendents didn't have the leisure to deal with the apostles.

[Unexpectedly, she had some free time.]

Maria's voice resonates in her mind.

[The number of apostles is fewer than expected.]

"......Is that so?"

[Yes, it's clear. It's a fortunate thing for us.]

But Maria's voice wasn't bright. It was a confused and disoriented voice, as if she had been hit.

[She had heard it from Arirnan, but... she didn't know that usurpation was possible for multiple people.]

"Impossible."

Lee Tae-yeon looks up at the sky.

The distorted universe.

And the crack in the sky that appears there.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"A rough wave was occurring there. A deep and intense collision wave that could be felt even from the outside. If it had happened outside, it would have been a collision with enough power to destroy the universe.

Taesan was there.

He was fighting against their greatest enemy.

[It could be more dangerous than I thought. Maybe he...].

"No."

Lee Tae-yeon shook her head. As a priestess, she was denying the words of her god. It was an impossible thing to do, but her face was filled with conviction.

"He will win."

Anyone, everyone thought it was impossible to win, that even with Taesan's abilities, it was a situation that couldn't be overcome. But Taesan had always emerged victorious.

"I believe."

The unchanging truth in her heart.

Taesan never loses.

"So go and win. Taesan."

With a quiet voice, Lee Tae-yeon charged towards the priest.

* * *

The powers are mixed.

The power of downfall, the power of unity, and the unknown divine power.

They mix and merge into one.

The boundaries and concepts change once again in a strange way.

Rumble.

The usurper's body, which was nothing, begins to take on a single form."

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"How many did you devour?"

[How many do you think it is?]

The plunderer replied with a laugh. Taesan clicked his tongue.

"At least three."

Maybe more.

That much of a strong spirit was dwelling within the plunderer.

The pure, unadulterated power was higher than Taesan's.

It was a remark that was worthy of note.

[I won't deceive you anymore. In a pure, straightforward manner, I will crush your mind and body. That's the only way to have true meaning.]

A calm voice resonated.

The plunderer's body began to transform into a physical body.

[Shape-shifter. A being that can change into anything. Compared to me, it's just a simple imitation, but... it's useful in its own way.]

Kuku-kuku-kuk.

The heterogeneous power began to compress.

The distorted form of the plunderer, which was neither of this world nor the other, gradually took on a proper shape.

Finally, the plunderer's form stabilized. Taesan sneered at the completed form.

"Pathetic."

The plunderer had taken on a human form.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It was an extremely ordinary face, one that could be seen anywhere. His physique was also average in every way. If you were to gather all the average values, you would get a figure like this.

[Is this the feeling?]

The usurper clenched and unclenched his fists repeatedly.

[Is this a human body?]

"What are you trying to do?"

[I will devour you.]

His voice was filled with unwavering conviction, as if it was an unchanging truth. He had a strong belief that it would definitely happen.

[I will devour you and become complete in the true sense. I will be able to belong to the universe. Then, don't you think I should take on a form that suits that?]

"Is that the form?"

It was an extremely ordinary human figure, one that could be seen anywhere.

The usurper intended to fix that form as his own.

The usurper opened his hand, and a black vortex condensed there.

Kiiiiing.

And then, the shape of a sword was formed.

The black sword was grasped in the usurper's hand.

And the usurper moved his body. Faster than before, at a speed that was hard to follow with the eyes.

Taesan quickly swung his sword.

Zhuuuuuung!

The black sword and Bardley clashed.

A massive shockwave spread out."

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The beast of physical strength and boundaries. The sword that contains everything cannot push away the black sword. Instead, the usurper gives it power. The body of Taesan bursts out.

It's being pushed back by strength.

The usurper charges straight in. He wildly swings the wavering black sword.

Ka-ga-ga-gak!

The usurper marks his territory, targeting Taesan's body.

Taesan creates distance and swings his boundary. The ash-colored wave targets the usurper.

The usurper unleashes a sword strike.

The wave does nothing and is cut down. Taesan holds up his sword.

Tzoe-oe-oe-ong!

The collision sound spreads, and the shockwave spreads through Taesan's body. The usurper's fingers burst out. His absorbed power of the ancient god mixes with Taesan's, covering him.

Kwa-ga-ga-gang!

Taesan barely escapes from the beast of boundaries. He switches from defense to offense.

"Charge."

The beast of boundaries lets out a loud cry and charges at the usurper.

The beast of boundaries is the embodiment of the boundary itself. Its power is above the fallen black sword.

But the usurper, holding one sword, swings it wildly.

Tzoe-oe-oe-ong!

The beast of boundaries and the black sword collide.

And the beast is pushed back. Loss begins to occur in its power and territory."

Note: The translation tries to maintain the original tone and style of the text, but some nuances may be lost in translation.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan bit his tongue and recalled the beast.

It's simple.

But it's strong and fast. Its power surpasses Taesan's.

In a pure sense, it was a stronger opponent than Taesan.

What should I do?

Taesan thought for a moment and came up with an answer.

The opponent is stronger than Taesan. It's an opponent that handles similar concepts.

It's meaningless to wield great power and pressure the space itself like before.

Magic, dark magic, and boundary manipulation won't work on the opponent either.

So, I'll focus.

On one thing. A sword.

"In the end, it's ultimately simple."

Not as a great transcender or a distorted being that handles anomalies.

But like an ordinary swordsman.

"Bardeley."

[I understand.]

Bardeley responds calmly.

"Gather."

He puts everything into the sword.

The power he has.

The things he has built up.

Everything converges into one sword.