
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 579

579. The Thing Beyond (1)

"Is that a proposal?"

"It's not a big deal."

Taesan looked at the wizard.

"Anyway, there's nothing suitable for a 100th-floor quest, right?"

"Well... that's true."

The 98th-floor quest was to defeat the gods who wrote the sacred texts.

The 99th-floor quest was to defeat the usurper who had devoured the gods of the fall and many other gods.

Then, the 100th floor should have a higher difficulty level than the 98th and 99th floors.

But that was impossible.

The usurper was stronger than the wizard. That was clear.

But they had to give a quest that was even harder than fighting the usurper.

At least, it was impossible with the wizard's abilities.

But skipping the 100th floor was also uncertain. It was the culmination of everything they had accomplished so far, so they couldn't just ignore it.

So Taesan made a proposal.

"The 100th-floor quest will be one I choose myself."

" Yourself? Not one I decide?"

"That's right. Anyway, you can just confirm it, so it's not a big problem."

"Hmm."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The wizard stroked his chin.

He thought for a moment about Taesan's proposal.

And a conclusion was quickly reached.

"Okay."

The wizard nodded his head.

"I'll accept it."

It wasn't a big problem anyway. After all, the wizard was the one who made the decision. If Taesan had brought a reasonable test, then accepting it was fine.

"Do you have any thoughts on it?"

"I do, but I need to confirm a few more things."

It wasn't something to be proposed immediately.

To confirm, Taesan asked the wizard.

"So, what happened?"

Where did the gods disappear to?

How did the war turn out?

The wizard smiled faintly.

"The confirmation is over. The gods no longer exist in the universe."

"Then..."

"They all returned to the realm of the gods. You could say they escaped."

The possibility of a counterattack disappeared.

They had won the war.

"No matter how many times I say it, it's not enough. Thank you, Taesan. It's all thanks to you."

If it weren't for Taesan, they would still be fighting the war.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"No. Moreover, many transcenders must have faced death. Countless mortals must have been swept away by the war and annihilated.

It's not an exaggeration to say that Taesan, a being of immense power, blocked everything.

Taesan opened his mouth.

"What should we do now?"

"Well... let's enjoy the celebration for now."

They were the victors.

They had more than enough qualifications to exercise the rights of the victors.

"Next, we need to recreate the barrier."

They had won the previous war and banished the gods to the other side of the universe.

The barrier had made it possible.

The barrier, which separated the universe from the other side, had prevented the gods from appearing in the universe.

But now, the barrier was broken.

"We may have won the war, but without the barrier, they can come back at any time. As long as you're here, that won't happen... but there's no need to leave the risk factor unchecked."

So, they decided to recreate the barrier.

Stronger than before, so that even the gods couldn't break it.

"Can you help me?"

If Taesan helped create the barrier, the gods would find it even harder to intervene.

Taesan nodded. There was no reason to refuse."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"But Taesan was hoping for more.

"There's one thing I'm curious about. Even if we create a barrier, won't the gods be able to continue intervening in the universe?"

"Uh..."

The wizard hesitated for a moment.

And soon nodded his head.

"It's not like they can come over like this time, but small-scale interventions like before are possible."

It hadn't been long since the barrier was broken. But the gods had been intervening in the world even before that.

Over 200 worlds had been destroyed by the gods' hands.

The Earth was almost one of them.

Even if they created a barrier, it meant that the same level of intervention was possible as before.

"We can't completely separate them. Even if they're distorted beings, they originated from the world. Even if we create a barrier, small-scale interventions are unavoidable."

The gods were still able to intervene.

"But it's okay. We can block that level of intervention."

"There will still be sacrifices, though."

Just like many worlds had been destroyed, there would be significant sacrifices.

The wizard clicked his tongue."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"That part, we also need to come up with a way to respond. We've already taken care of the minions. It'll be less of a sacrifice than before."

"No."

Taesan denied the wizard's words.

"I don't think I can be satisfied with that level."

From the beginning, the gods had continuously intervened in the universe, exerting their influence. That was an unstable victory. Taesan couldn't be satisfied with a victory of that level.

"What you're saying is..."

"I want a complete victory."

A complete seal that would prevent the gods from intervening in the universe at all, an eternal and indestructible seal.

"I've set the 100th floor quest."

Taesan said to the wizard.

"Completely blocking the rift and making it impossible for the gods to intervene in the universe perfectly. That's the 100th floor quest I've set."

* * *

There was a silence.

The wizard looked at Taesan. His gaze contained something incomprehensible.

"Wait a minute."

The wizard racked his brain to understand Taesan's intentions.

"......You're saying you're going to kill all the gods?"

If it were the current Taesan, it was possible.

Taesan could take everything from the gods and erase their very existence.

But Taesan shook his head.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It's possible, but I'm not sure if it has any meaning."

"What are you talking about? You're saying that killing the gods has no meaning?"

"I'm not confident about it either. I'll decide after I've checked."

"Hmm."

The wizard was silent. He perfectly understood the implications of Taesan's words.

That's why he had to ask.

"......Is it really possible?"

Taesan shook his head.

"I don't know."

He couldn't be certain. It was something he had never tried before.

But there was a possibility. And that was enough.

"Isn't this enough to be a 100th-floor quest?"

"Well......but."

The wizard was confused.

The gods couldn't intervene in the universe. It was natural that they couldn't cross over, and all the small interventions were blocked as well. In fact, they couldn't even access the universe.

That was what they had been hoping for since the ancient war.

But it was impossible. The gods were originally beings that existed here. There was no way to completely exclude them.

Now Taesan was saying it was possible.

"Really?"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

The wizard asked again. Taesan nodded his head.

"Hmm..."

The wizard was confused.

And then he thought. Was it really enough to be a 100-story quest?

The answer came out immediately.

It was more than enough.

"I'm still wondering if it's really possible, but it's enough."

[100-story Quest Begins.] [Completely expel the gods from this universe.] [Reward: ???] [Secret Reward: ???]

100 stories.

It was the last one.

"So, how do we do it? I don't feel anything."

"We need to check one last time."

So, they went back to the gods' realm again.

"Do we have anything to do?"

"Just check the boundaries. See if there are any gods trying to escape or not."

"That's ridiculous..."

The wizard smiled wryly.

As a transcender, he was playing a supporting role. It was a first-time experience.

"Okay. I'll let the other transcendents know. Do we need time to prepare?"

"No need. We'll go in tomorrow."

"Okay. I'll ask for your favor then."

With that, the wizard left.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The transcenders, who were taking a break in the temple of all gods, were surprised.

Taesan waited on the earth.

Night fell, and the people who were chatting and telling stories began to fall asleep one by one.

In the silence, Taesan gazed up at the sky alone.

The sky was extremely clear, untainted by anything.

Taesan liked that appearance very much.

And a being appeared beside him.

[This is the true end.]

"Lord Mashin."

[You can speak informally. You have the qualifications to do so now.]

Mashin chuckled.

[No, I should be the one to show respect to you instead.]

"I don't think so."

The transcenders had given him many things. He didn't think of changing his attitude just because he had become stronger.

[Well, I thought so.]

In the darkness, a brilliant black hair shone. Black eyes turned towards Taesan.

[I heard it from the wizard. Can you really end everything with true meaning?]

"That's a story of possibility. I can't be certain."

[But there is a possibility. That's enough.]

Mashin chuckled."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

[...It's possible that I won't be able to intervene anymore, you know. That guy too.]

Mashin muttered to himself.

When you think about it, Mashin was deeply related to Goshin. The reason she became a transcendent being in the first place was to free the demon tribe from the old Mashin.

In reality, there was a domain in the demon world where people believed in the old Mashin.

So, Taesan had solved that problem before.

[Maybe someday I'll tell you the story about me.]

"It's okay, we have plenty of time. Let's take it easy."

[That's not bad.]

Mashin laughed happily.

[I'll wait.]

Taesan nodded his head.

And the next day.

Taesan prepared to leave. Lee Tae-yeon came to see him off.

"Where are you going?"

"To put an end to everything."

To truly see the end.

Lee Tae-yeon's eyes sank. She spoke with a calm face.

"Come back."

Taesan nodded his head.

He left the earth.

The place he arrived at was a broken boundary.

The boundary that separated the universe and Goshin's domain was completely broken, leaving only fragments behind.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The gods can come to this place whenever they want, if they just make up their minds.

Taesan stood in front of the gods' realm.

Many gazes were fixed on him.

The transcenders of the universe.

They were watching him from behind.

And, as if representing them, Arirnan approached Taesan.

[Everything is truly coming to an end. I don't believe it, but... if you say so, then it's possible.]

"Lord Arirnan."

[Go ahead. I'll wait for you.]

Taesan put his hand into the boundary.

And his body entered beyond the crack.

A strange, unfamiliar sensation overwhelmed Taesan.

This was a space where none of the universe's concepts existed - no gravity, no wind, no air, no human connection. Only an unfamiliar, otherworldly space.

This was the gods' realm.

This was the second time he had come here.

But there was a difference from last time.

Last time, the gods had broken through the boundary and entered, because they couldn't win against Taesan.

They had snuck in, avoiding his eyes like thieves.

But this time..."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"With a confident air, as if daring someone to try, he boldly entered the realm of the strong.

That's why he could feel it.

The gaze of all the strong ones, directed at him.

"This is the first time I've faced someone like this."

All the strong ones gathered in front of Taesan.

Taesan spoke in a calm tone.

"What are you looking at?""

Let me know if you have any further requests!