
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 582

582. The End

"If I can do it, I can grant you anything. Not just me, but even the transcenders who have settled in the labyrinth will help you fulfill your wish."

In reality, the universe allows everything to be possible.

"If you want, you can make this labyrinth your own."

In the true sense, Taesan could achieve many things.

However, for Taesan, the light of his wish had faded. The magician muttered with an ambiguous expression.

"If you were an ordinary conqueror, it would be a meaningful reward, but I don't know about you now. Most of what I can do, you can do yourself."

Taesan had become strong.

Too strong.

Overwhelmingly so.

It was extremely rare for someone who had reached that level to be unable to achieve something. Although it wouldn't happen, if Taesan made up his mind, he could even forcefully take over the labyrinth.

So, the magician guessed what Taesan wanted.

The things that Taesan couldn't achieve through conventional means.

The magician mentioned one of them.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Do you want to turn back the clock of the Earth?"

"Is that possible?"

"There is a goddess of cycles, and if she intervenes to some extent in the Oroboros, it's not impossible to turn back the clock of the Earth to a peaceful time before the monsters invaded... If it's just one cycle of the Earth, it's not impossible. We can make it back to the peaceful Earth before the monsters invaded."

"What about memories?"

"They didn't have the proper qualifications, so they'll forget."

Everything is forgotten.

The gods, the labyrinth, and people's memories are all forgotten, and everyone lives a normal life.

Only Taesan remembers.

"Will Lee Tae-yeon remember too?"

It's hard to be certain. She's a disciple of Maria, but she couldn't recover her memories until she reached a certain level.

People forget everything and live on. They live a normal daily life.

It wasn't a bad ending, either.

But Taesan shook his head.

"I don't want that."

"Then what do you want?" the wizard asked. He had a few guesses about what Taesan wanted.

Taesan thought for a moment before opening his mouth.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

And what he said was completely different from what the wizard had expected.

"The adventurers who settled in the labyrinth of Alone Mode."

Most of them had given up on conquering the labyrinth, or were unable to clear it even if they didn't.

"Can I make it so that they can give up on conquering the labyrinth wherever they want and return to the earth at will? Is it possible to let them conquer the labyrinth freely?"

"Uh?"

The wizard was taken aback.

After a moment, he understood the meaning of Taesan's words and soon had a puzzled expression.

"It's possible... but it doesn't really matter."

Giving up on conquering the labyrinth wasn't that difficult to begin with.

You just had to not go down to the labyrinth.

Right now, all Alone Mode players were on earth. Not making them return to the labyrinth was not a difficult task for Taesan. There was no need to make it a wish to clear the 100th floor of the labyrinth.

"Originally, I don't really want anything."

He had already achieved everything he wanted.

But he didn't want to turn back time on earth either.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Although I can make all the players on Earth stay, that would be taking away their free will, wouldn't it?"

"There are also those among them who want to continue playing in hardcore mode, even if it means losing their lives."

Taesan didn't think of forcing their choices.

However, allowing him to play hardcore mode as he pleased wasn't a pleasant thing for the wizard, as he was the master of the labyrinth.

So, he made a wish.

It was a reasonable thing to say.

But the wizard was very taken aback.

"Is that really okay?"

The wish he made in exchange for clearing the labyrinth was too small.

Moreover, it was a wish that had no relation to Taesan himself.

Taesan said calmly, "It doesn't matter."

"If you really want that, I have no reason to refuse. But I'm a bit surprised."

"Then can I make one more request?"

"What is it? Tell me."

Taesan said what he wanted.

The wizard who heard the story stroked his chin.

After a moment of thought, the wizard nodded his head.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"That's enough. Derusha doesn't really like that kind of thing, but... since you've done something about it, I won't refuse.

"Then it's settled."

He spoke his wish.

The magician laughed heartily.

"You're full of surprises until the very end. Well, it's not bad. That's just like you."

The magician clapped his hands.

Ki-ki-ki-ing.

The magician's power spread out.

The owner of the labyrinth, the magician, exercised his influence over the labyrinth.

"I, the magician who created this labyrinth, hereby declare..."

The magician declared himself as the administrator of the labyrinth.

"To whoever conquers the labyrinth, their wish will be granted without fail."

Ki-ki-ki-ing!

The magician's power was activated, spreading throughout the labyrinth.

And it was fulfilled.

Taesan's wish.

"It's done."

"It was easier than I thought."

"Your wish wasn't that grand, so it was easily granted."

"Then..."

"It's over. Now."

The labyrinth no longer held any meaning for Taesan.

"Is that so."

Taesan muttered to himself.

The magician smiled wryly.

"Come back again when you think about it later. I'll welcome you."

"I'll think about it when I've settled down."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Farewell. I had a really great time thanks to you, Taesan."

* * *

Taesan returned to Earth.

Those who were waiting for him approached Taesan.

And Taesan told them what he had done and what had happened to them.

All the Alone Mode players were moved to tears.

"Oh, oh, oh……."

"For us, such insignificant beings, to do something like that directly……."

"Thank you. Thank you……."

"If you want, you can settle down on Earth. If you want to conquer Alone Mode, you can go down."

"Of course, you have to go down!"

"Hmm…… it's scary, but it's too late to back down now."

Those who had gone down a certain level, like Amelia and Lee Tae-yeon, chose to conquer.

And those who were below a certain level gave up on conquering.

It was all their freedom.

The same was true for Easy, Normal, and Hard Mode players. The three labyrinths belonged to Taesan, so it was much simpler.

"You can enter the labyrinth whenever you want, and if not, you can stay on Earth. It's all up to you."

"It's a choice. Not bad at all."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It's over. In the true sense."

They had perfectly closed the curtain.

"So, we can live on."

A calm voice spread among the people.

It's over.

Now they can live on.

But there was a problem.

The Earth was in a state of devastation.

There was no life except for them. They could obtain food through simple farming, but the variety was severely limited.

Even if they lived on, they couldn't live a normal life.

Amelia asked Taesan,

"What, are we going to bring animals or plants from other planets? Or are we going to move to another planet?"

Both were possible if it was Taesan.

But Taesan shook his head.

"Neither. We're going to live here."

"That's good, but how..."

Taesan placed his hand on the ground.

The withered, ruined world.

People closed their mouths.

"I've always worried about it too."

Everything was over, and now they had to think about what to do with the Earth.

Now he had drawn that card.

"Revive it."

The Earth began to revive.

Kuku kuku kuku!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Uh."

"Uh-uh-uh?"

People are bewildered. Almost everything on Earth, except for a small part, starts to rotate and accelerate at an incredible speed.

A meaningless rock turns into sand in an instant. The air density changes rapidly. The sky accelerates and accelerates.

"Uh-uh-uh..."

People realized.

The planet Earth itself was accelerating at an unbelievable speed.

A distorted planet that was once unable to support life had become a planet where life could thrive after a long time.

Now, that process was being forced to reverse.

A single-celled organism soon becomes a multi-celled organism. And the multi-celled organism transforms into something that can be called life.

In the brown world, green vegetation starts to appear little by little.

Splash!

And fish jump out of the ocean.

Crustaceans,

Fish,

Amphibians,

Insects,

Birds and reptiles,

And mammals.

Lush trees.

"Ah-ah-ah."

"Oh-oh..."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

It was as if a documentary was fast-forwarding from the birth of the Earth to the present moment. The scene was unfolding right before their eyes.

"I think this should be enough."

Taesan let out a sigh. People couldn't close their mouths.

It was as if a lush Amazon-like world had appeared before their eyes.

"The rest is up to you."

Taesan said to them.

* * *

"Let's go!"

People shouted with enthusiasm. They began to clear the land and cover the ground.

Thanks to Taesan, the Earth had regained its vitality.

However, the excessively grown vegetation was hindering them. They needed to clear the land.

Lacking equipment was not a big problem. Most people had surpassed the realm of ordinary humans. Even Itaeyeon alone could cover a country-sized area of land.

And there were those who used their strength beyond mere physical power.

They were technicians and scientists.

Taesan hadn't restored everything on Earth. He had left behind the remaining human relics.

People had become interested in technology, which they had neglected while focusing on survival. They repaired what could be fixed, and disassembled broken machines to understand their structure.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

People were filled with hope and moved forward.

"Whew."

Lee Tae-yeon held her breath. She, who had turned the continent upside down, suddenly asked as if she had just remembered something.

"Now that I think about it, Taesan. Why didn't you turn back time? It would have been more convenient."

"Then you would have lost everything."

There is no convenient method without any drawbacks.

Taesan, however, didn't lose anything even when he turned back time. What he had built up was beyond that concept.

But they were not like that.

All the power and memories they had built up until now would disappear.

The fact that they had risked their lives to break through would be completely erased.

They had lived on, proud of the power they had built up.

They had no intention of losing everything.

Taesan had also experienced that. He had lost everything except for his level-up. Although he had recovered most of it, he still couldn't recover some skills, such as the initial skill reset.

The sense of loss and powerlessness was quite terrifying.

He didn't want others to experience that either.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"That's what I thought. It's definitely a good thing for us."

Lee Tae-yeon was a priest, but that didn't make him an exception. The only thing that could remain in the time of reversal was a complete concept.

"But it's sad."

There weren't a few lives lost. No, more than half of them died. They had to live with the deaths of their loved ones buried in their hearts.

And Taesan was also thinking about it.

"It's okay. I talked to the God of Death about that part."

"What?"

"It takes time to process and handle the concept that doesn't come back in that way. But... at least those who died related to the God of Sin, they can all come back."

Even Bardley, who had been revived in a twisted way, could come back to life. There was no reason why the people of Earth couldn't do the same.

Since Taesan could resolve the God of Sin's contamination, all they needed was Derisha's cooperation.

Derisha was dissatisfied with the interference in the concept of death, but she also knew of Taesan's achievements, so she didn't oppose him.

"Really?"

A smile spread across Lee Tae-yeon's face. Even the dead could come back to life.

"That's great. Then... it's really a perfect happy ending."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taeyeon smiled brightly.

The fact was soon conveyed to others as well.

The lost family, friends, and lovers could return. People were extremely happy. They prepared themselves for their return.

In just a few days, the city began to take shape.

Taesan did not intervene.

If he used his power, the Earth's reconstruction would be completed in a day.

No, it wouldn't even take a day. If he just lightly tapped his foot, the planet Earth would be molded according to his will.

But Taesan didn't do that.

There were several reasons, but the biggest one was to reduce people's dependence on him.

There were no more monsters. People had to live with their own willpower now. He didn't intend to keep them dependent on him.

The city was being built.

Taesan gazed at the scene with a calm expression.

And at that time.

The transcenders were looking down at the Earth.

[What can't be done?] [What's the point?] [The war is over. But he is extremely dangerous.]

Let me know if you need any further assistance!
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

A transcendent being said, "Arilnan, where are you looking at me like that?"

["He can destroy the universe. He can crush all things and make them nothing."] ["So?"] ["Finding a way to seal him is..."]

The transcendent being closed his mouth.

It was because Arilnan's gaze, looking at himself, was filled with contempt.

["Are you going to abandon the dog used for hunting? It's disgusting, but beings like you have always been like that. There's a problem. A big one. First, how are you going to seal him?"]

Just because the boundary had sealed the gods, it didn't mean the power of Taesan had weakened.

He could still control the boundary.

If they fought with all their might, even if all the transcendent beings in the universe gathered, they couldn't guarantee victory.

Arilnan also couldn't guarantee how much damage would be done and how many concepts would be destroyed in the process.

["And, how many transcendent beings do you think will agree with your opinion?"] […….]

The transcendent being shuddered.

He could feel the gaze of numerous enemies.

Each and every one of them was a powerful transcendent being who ruled over unparalleled concepts, known as the strongest in the universe.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Those who settled in the labyrinth.

They were quietly gazing at themselves.

[I'm the same.]

Arirnan stroked the Transcender's head.

[So don't make a fuss, and shut up. If you make the same noise again, I'll crush your head.]

The Transcender couldn't say a word and left.

Arirnan, now alone, gazed at Taesan again.

[You've been through a lot.]

The God of Cycles. Arirnan was amazed, and Taesan had achieved many accomplishments. It wasn't a process that was easily accomplished.

[Live a comfortable life.]

A soft voice scattered throughout the universe.

* * *

"What will happen to the people who will be born from now on?"

Someone suddenly asked, as if they had just thought of it.

It was a simple but piercing question that made people ponder.

What kind of life would their descendants live?

"Will they also try to conquer the labyrinth?"

"Then, they will truly be given the right to choose."

Not like them, with forced choices.

With true meaning, they choose between Easy, Normal, Hard, and Alone modes, and decide.

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"And I will risk my life to break through the labyrinth."

"They will live on. In a different direction than before. But definitely."

"Ah, okay."

The city began to take shape, symbolizing their new life. What name should they give to this city?

"Of course, it's Gangtaesan!"

There was no objection.

The name of the new city was decided to be Gangtaesan.

"I wonder if Taesan will like it."

Iteayeon went to deliver the news to Taesan with an ambiguous expression.

"Taesan?"

The door creaked open.

A small room.

A worn-out chair inside.

Taesan was sitting there, leaning back on the armrest, chin up, and eyes closed.

Completely still, as if dead.

Iteayeon's eyes widened.

"Is...?"

[He's sleeping. I've never seen him sleep so peacefully.]

Bardray's voice echoed. Iteayeon's chest felt heavy.

"I did it again. I was worried."

[Should I wake him up?]

"No, let him sleep. We'll talk later."

Iteayeon sat down, hugging his knees.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Even though she came, it didn't break, which meant she was really sleeping soundly.

"How long do you think she's been sleeping like that?"

It was probably the first time in this life.

Taesan had been running non-stop without rest.

He broke through the alone mode faster than anyone else, risking his life to overcome countless obstacles.

And finally, he reached the end.

Taesan had earned the right to rest.

"Taesan, you've worked hard."

Lee Tae-yeon smiled faintly. The sound of people's voices echoed softly. The sunlight came in through the broken ceiling of the building."

Let me know if you have any further requests!