
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Chapter 587

587. Extra Story, Cleanup (5)

The Nararians, who had been watching the battle with ease, let out a scream.

"What, what!"

"That's!"

Amelia waved her hand.

"It wasn't bad."

"……."

Hashiangka couldn't respond.

[Warning. Warning. Warning.] [Excessive shock absorption. Please evacuate to a safe location immediately.]

Even the ship's main cannon couldn't withstand the armor, which was destroyed in one hit.

"This... what."

Amelia lightly jumped up. She landed in front of Hashiangka and raised her foot.

Her foot came down.

Hashiangka, who finally came to his senses, quickly got up.

Kwaaa!

The situation had reversed. Amelia was lightly pressing down on Hashiangka, and Hashiangka was desperately trying to resist.

Kwadddduk!

"Khhk!"

But he couldn't do it. Hashiangka let out a groan. In an instant, Amelia had gained the upper hand and lightly lifted her leg.

"Deploy, barrier deployment!"

Kiiiiing!

A blue barrier enveloped Hashiangka.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It is the winner of the Colosseum. A collection of skills given to Naria, a being with the power to compress and unfold a barrier that can block even meteorites, covering the entire planet, just for herself. Even Amelia couldn't penetrate it with a single blow.

Hashianka pulled out her strongest card.

[You have activated Absolute Judgment.]

So, Amelia also pulled out one of her cards.

The barrier shattered. Amelia's foot stopped right in front of Hashianka's head.

"……."

"I think I would have been eaten alive. If it were a month ago."

Amelia smiled faintly.

If you had to pick the person who had been through the most in the labyrinth, it would be Amelia. She continued to reside in the labyrinth, growing her own power. She literally staked her life on it.

As a result, she acquired some of the skills that only Taesan possessed.

One of them was Absolute Judgment, which could destroy all defense mechanisms.

"Do you understand the gap? Then let's take them all down."

Hashianka stood up from her seat with a stern face.

And ten Naria began to charge towards Amelia. Amelia revealed her true self.

Kwagagagang!

The battle continued. The earth crumbled, and the sky trembled."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The Narians, who were among the strongest. Their combined strength was something that even Amelia couldn't easily block.

Amelia started to be slowly pushed back.

But Amelia burst out laughing.

"That's it! This is it!"

Everything came to an end, and people enjoyed their peace. Most of them didn't go down to the labyrinth and lived in peace on earth.

But Amelia was not one of them.

She was still willing to risk her life to go down to the labyrinth and become even stronger.

She was a pure battle maniac. The God of Decline had chosen her not only because of her talent, but also because of her personality.

And simply put, Amelia was better than them.

The artificial genius created by the Narians. Her talent was undoubtedly exceptional. Even in the entire universe, she would be counted among the best.

But that's all.

There was no talent that could clear the labyrinth.

Even with extreme skills, they couldn't reach her pure talent.

"You guys are strong."

It's a fact that can't be denied. The Narians, including Hashiangka, are strong. With this level of skill, they could defeat an S-grade monster.

"But that's all."

In other words, becoming a apostle is impossible."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"The high ground that cannot be reached with simple technology.

Amelia was different.

She had fought alongside Lee Tae-yeon in the final battle that determined the fate of the universe, and had become even stronger than before.

With her desperate efforts and honed skills, she had reached a higher level.

Now, she could even defeat the strongest of gods.

She was aiming to become immortal.

Amelia shouted with joy.

"Wow! Let's fight with our lives on the line! Try to trample me, tear my limbs apart!"

[You have activated unconditional victory.]

Kwaaaang!

Her movements became faster and faster. Her strength increased, and her judgment speed became even more accurate.

Kwachik.

The armor was shattered and broken. Nariain struck Amelia, lightly pushing her down and grabbing her leg.

Kwaaaang!

Nariain was slammed to the ground. A pained scream echoed.

The Nariain troops launched a pincer attack. She knocked each one down and counterattacked.

Kwachik.

She grasped the outstretched fist, and poured in her strength. The gauntlet shattered in an instant. Eyes filled with terror gazed at Amelia."

Let me know if you have any further requests!
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Her fists moved on their own.

The helmet shattered, and Naria flew away.

Amelia had become about twice as fast as she was at the start of the battle.

"Ah-ha."

Lee Tae-yeon nodded his head as if he had realized something.

"That's Amelia's unique skill."

The effect was clear at a glance. All stats and abilities were increasing. Judging by the skill's name, it would continue to rise unconditionally until victory was achieved. It was a remarkably powerful skill with no restrictions.

"That's so like her."

Ku-gu-gu-gung!

The battle continued, and soon they were approaching the end. The Narians, who were getting faster and stronger, were being defeated one by one in front of Amelia.

Kwaa-aa-aa-ang!

One by one, they started to fall. The last remaining Hashiangka struggled desperately, but it didn't last long.

"It was fun."

"Damn it."

Amelia punched her fist. Hashiangka crashed to the ground and fainted. Amelia clapped her hands with a joyful face.

"It's over."

* * *

"Good job."

"Yeah, Jun-hyeok."

"You're strong as always. At this rate, you'll catch up to me soon, won't you?"
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Amelia was getting stronger by the day. Her speed was overwhelmingly fast compared to Lee Tae-yeon, who rarely entered the labyrinth.

But Amelia shook her head.

"I'm still far from it. Didn't I lose again today?"

"If I had only used that skill, I would have been evenly matched, right? What's with that skill?"

It was an unconditional victory. Amelia had never used that skill when fighting Lee Tae-yeon. Amelia replied with an ambiguous expression.

"You're talking about my unique skill."

"What's its effect?"

"It's as the skill's name suggests. Until I win against my opponent, everything increases."

"I saw it earlier, and the speed of increase was ridiculously fast."

In just a few minutes, all her stats had doubled. And that wasn't the end. As long as the battle continued, her stats would continue to rise indefinitely. Her speed, power, and even her attacks would become monstrous. It was a skill like a monster.

"Why didn't you use it when fighting me?"

"There's a problem."

Amelia smiled wryly.

"I need to have the mindset that I will never lose to my opponent, that I am certain of victory. If I have even the slightest doubt, no matter how small, I won't be able to use the skill."

That condition had to be met in order to activate the skill.

"Ah."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Unfortunately, it's a skill that can't be used against you and Taesan."

She couldn't imagine a single victory without a hint of doubt against Taesan and Lee Tae-yeon. It was the limit of her imagination.

"That's... strange."

"It's strange. Really."

Amelia shook her head. She was strong, but at the same time, weak. She found it hard to believe that she could win without a single doubt against a clear and powerful opponent like herself. If she was really confident in her victory, she could even win against an immortal.

But she couldn't become that kind of person.

"Well, I'll just have to try harder."

"......I lost."

Hashiang, who had been unconscious, opened his eyes.

"I was defeated perfectly."

It was a defeat that couldn't be excused. Hashiang, who was still reeling, asked Amelia:

"Are you the strongest person here after Taesan?"

"No? This guy is stronger than me."

Amelia pointed to Lee Tae-yeon.

"And there are quite a few people who can rival me to some extent. Of course, not against me, though."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Kang Joon-hyuk and other Alone Mode players had also reached a considerable level. Hashiangka lowered her gaze.

"......That's right."

The arrogant one was none other than her. Amelia said,

"You're strong. More than enough."

They had the power to boast about having the strongest technology in the universe.

However, the Earth was at the center of the universe's greatest struggle.

The gods would have certainly attacked the Narians with all their might, but it wasn't their full power. The difference was clear.

"We may have survived thanks to Taesan, but that doesn't mean we're weak."

From the start, the labyrinth was a place where even the strongest and most excellent beings in the universe couldn't clear, yet the Earth's players had cleared it and were advancing. Among them, Lee Tae-yeon and Amelia were capable of clearing it. At the mortal level, they could be considered the strongest.

Hashiangka had a complex expression, but it was only for a moment. She soon stood up with a refreshed face.

"You have the qualifications. More than enough to overflow. I apologize for my arrogance."

"Alright. Is that all you're giving us?"

"Yes."

"Then that's enough."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"In the end, they had obtained the technology of the Narians without paying the price, which was almost like getting it for free. From the Earth's perspective, it was more than satisfactory.

"What are we going to do now?"

"...There's still one thing I want to do."

"What is it?"

Hashiangka gazed at Amelia with trembling eyes.

"If possible, can we meet Kang Tae-san? Can we see him?"

"Kang Tae-san?"

Amelia looked at Kim Hwi-yeon with an ambiguous expression.

"What's the big deal?"

"Well... it's not like it's a problem or anything. It's not like it's going to cause any issues."

"But isn't it ridiculous that we're allowing this to happen? We already know everything, so if we didn't want to, we would have said so earlier."

"Then shall we take him?"

"Really? Are you serious?"

Hashiangka's face was instead filled with surprise. Kang Tae-san was the savior of the universe, a being higher than anyone else.

To meet a being like a transcendent, one had to offer countless sacrifices, and even then, it was often impossible to meet them. He had no idea it would be this easy to get permission.

"It's fine. Then shall we go meet Tae-san?"

Amelia spoke calmly."