
$@$v=v1.16-rv2$@$Chapter 610

610. Easy Mode. Third Revival (4)

A black wolf rushes at him. Tae San evades its attack.

But it's not an ordinary evasion.

It's a perfect dodge, so close that its claws graze his hair, but causing no damage.

Of course, reacting to what you see is slow. He reads the premonition. He identifies the monster's emotions, looks into its eyes, and senses its muscle movements.

He moves after seeing the opponent's action.

However, it's an incredibly difficult task. The black wolf is also an inexperienced monster, and although it may be weaker, the gap in power is not that great.

Evading by a paper's width has its limits. In the end, Tae San allows one hit.

[You take 45 damage.] [Grr!]

The wolf happily howls. Tae San clicks his tongue.

"Could only last 10 seconds."

It was impossible to gain a skill in such a short amount of time.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

He thrust his sword at the rejoicing wolf. The wolf let out a scream and struggled, but it was no use. The wolf collapsed in an instant.

His goal was perfect evasion.

Even if they exchanged blows, he wouldn't take any damage, dodging by a hair's breadth. He couldn't afford to take any damage.

If he took damage during evasion, it could affect his skill acquisition, so he planned to switch to another wolf as soon as he took damage.

Taesan moved to the next room. He focused his mind, gazing at the wolf that appeared.

Faster, stronger. He awakened his physical body.

[Whoosh!]

The wolf charged at him.

It wasn't enough to just dodge well. He had to understand the wolf's movements, its patterns, and its behavior principles.

He observed the monster.

He continued to dodge like that.

[His proficiency in Insight increased by 1%.]

The system window blocked his view. Taesan, whose concentration was momentarily broken, allowed the monster's attack to hit him.

"Tsk."

Taesan irritably closed the system window. Although his proficiency in Insight had finally increased, he didn't feel happy at all. Instead, he only felt hindered.

He set the system window not to block his view and eliminated the wolf.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

Taesan moves to the next room.

He focuses his mind again, facing the wolf that has appeared.

He dodges by a hair's breadth. It's not easy, of course. His body is exhausted from the extreme tension, and his mental energy is also depleted.

While physical exhaustion can be resolved with the source of life, mental exhaustion cannot be helped. Taesan had no choice but to take a rest.

But it was enjoyable.

He felt alive for the first time since entering the labyrinth.

Taesan took a brief rest and then faced the wolf again.

[Whoosh!]

He leans back, and the wolf's belly skin brushes past his eyes.

He springs back up, dodging the swiping claws by twisting his body. The wind brushes against his nose.

He focuses, and focuses even more.

The dodging time exceeds 1 minute, 2 minutes, and reaches 5 minutes.

Taesan himself didn't know, but his proficiency in evasion was rapidly increasing.

"Can't even do it in 5 minutes?"

But the window announcing the acquisition of a skill did not appear.

It took more than a week to succeed in dodging for 5 minutes.
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Even though I pushed my mental and physical limits to the extreme for a week, I couldn't get it.

I was exhausted and felt hopeless, but Taesan had a joyful face.

A kind of intuition.

This method is the correct answer.

I don't know how long it will take. The difficulty level may have increased because the monster wasn't that strong. Everything is uncertain.

But his sense and prediction told him that this was the correct answer.

"Let's keep going."

Taesan continued to face the monster with a joyful attitude.

However, the mental fatigue was unavoidable.

As time passed, the fatigue grew stronger, and it became impossible to ignore.

"Ugh."

Taesan finally submerged his body in the Fountain of Life. It was a situation where he had to take a break.

'...Do I have to fight the monster to get the skill?'

But that didn't stop his thinking.

The labyrinth grants skills based on the strategy used.

Then, wouldn't it be possible to acquire skills without directly fighting the monster?

Lying down in the Fountain of Life, he stared at the wall."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I wonder if there's a skill you can get by climbing the walls of the labyrinth vertically?"

I had that thought for a moment, but I immediately erased it. It wasn't because I thought it was impossible. It was because it was too easy.

The walls of the labyrinth aren't that high. I'm currently in a state that surpasses a normal human. I could climb that much without any trouble.

"What if the wall was a bit higher?"

If I were to climb a cliff-like wall that's extremely high, taking over a day to climb without resting, could I get a skill?

On the other hand, if I were to descend from such a cliff without taking any damage and land safely, could I get a skill?

It was the moment I realized the conditions for acquiring the skills of jumping and landing.

"It's going to take some time to clear the next floor."

The floors of the labyrinth are diverse. Among them, there are floors with unique environments.

Until now, I just passed through them, but now I'm thinking of getting all the skills I can get.

It's frustrating to think about it now. I might have been able to get powerful skills on the floors I carelessly passed through until now. Taesan clicked his tongue.

Taesan, who had been lying down in the Fountain of Life, closed his eyes.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It's not necessarily about fighting monsters, but you can still acquire skills.

Then, what skills can be obtained under the current conditions?

Taesan, who was lost in thought for a moment, exerted strength in his body. His body, which was floating due to buoyancy, sank down to the bottom of the Fountain of Life.

Glub glub.

His breathing was blocked.

His breath slowly started to suffocate, and his body sent out a warning signal that it needed oxygen. Taesan ignored it and endured until his limit.

Whoosh!

"Whew!"

He emerged from the water. He took a rough breath and filled his lungs with oxygen.

But he didn't acquire any skills.

"This isn't going to get me any skills."

Holding his breath underwater. He thought he could acquire a skill like underwater breathing, but it seemed that wasn't the case.

Taesan's mind was filled with disappointment. A thought suddenly crossed his mind.

"……."

He scowled. Even he couldn't easily accept the crazy idea that came to him.

But his instincts told him it was the correct answer.

"……I guess it's a crazy idea after all."

Taesan, who was grumbling, submerged his body in the Fountain of Life again.

His breath was blocked."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"My body demands oxygen and is in extreme agony.

If I stay like this, I'll die.

My instincts are warning me. If I continue like this, I'll definitely die.

But I'm forcing myself to hold on.

I'm overcoming my instincts and continuing to submerge my body in the water. Water is filling my lungs. My consciousness is gradually becoming cloudy.

And at that moment...

[The Death's Line has been activated.] [You have not breathed until the brink of death. You have acquired the special skill [Breath-Holding].]

"Whoa!"

I explosively emerge from the water.

I cough up the water that had filled my lungs.

"Damn..."

I really almost died.

If I had lasted just one or two seconds more, I would have lost consciousness.

But the result is certain. I shake off my wet hair and look at the system window.

[Special Skill: Breath-Holding] [Mana Consumption: 1] [Proficiency: 1%] [I can hold my breath for a long time. Right now, it's only about twice as long as usual.]

Heh. A smile comes out.

It's a skill.

And it's not something I acquired naturally during combat, but something I intentionally obtained."
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

His prediction was correct. Taesan was deeply convinced in his heart.

* * *

"This is definitely crazy."

A joyful laugh burst out along with it.

He had just narrowly escaped death.

His body had warned him hundreds of times. "Get up right now. If you keep going like this, you'll die."

In reality, his consciousness had become half-dazed. It was in that state that he had barely obtained the skill.

It meant that unless he was given such extreme conditions, he wouldn't be able to obtain the skill he desired.

Still, it was satisfying enough.

It meant that what he was doing now wasn't a waste of time.

Taesan got up and headed to the store. The store had all sorts of potions.

Previously, they were ridiculously expensive and worthless, but now they looked different.

[Blessing Powder] [A powder said to be from the fairy's wings, rumored to grant blessings to the user.] [500G]

Blessing Powder. People who had bought it, tempted by the description, didn't get any special effects and eventually abandoned it.

Let me know if you need any further assistance!
$@$v=undefined-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"But there's a skill that can be obtained by using this potion too."

"It's going to be fun."

No matter what, it's a means to get stronger. So, it was enjoyable enough.

Taesan took a break.

And when his fatigue had subsided to some extent, he headed towards the monster again.

He gazed at the wolf that was charging at him. He jumped and dodged with a margin of a single sheet of paper, performing a perfect harmony like a dance.

He repeated this process over and over.

Taesan himself didn't realize it, but a month had passed in this way.

He was able to dodge until the wolf was exhausted and collapsed.

However, the acquisition of the skill did not appear. Taesan didn't feel particularly disappointed. He was busy dodging the wolf that was charging at him with a "hee-hee" sound.

Pwing!

[Thud!]

An arrow flew in and struck the wolf's forehead.

Taesan stopped and looked in the direction the arrow came from.

There were people there.

"Everyone, attack!"

"Yes!"

It was an easy mode player. They charged at the wolf, which was already exhausted and couldn't even put up a decent resistance, and it collapsed.

Taesan, who had been silently watching the scene, opened his mouth.
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Kim Hee-jae, why are you here?"

"That's what I'm going to say."

The man called Kim Hee-jae approached Taesan with a flustered face.

"Why are you still here? Didn't you go down a long time ago?"

"......How much time has passed since I returned?"

"Has it been a month or two now?"

Only then did Taesan realize.

While he was focused on acquiring skills, the followers had reached the same floor as him.

Taesan had gone deeper than other players while dealing with Choi Jung-hyeok. Now, it meant that they had all caught up.

"So?"

Taesan didn't think much of it.

It didn't matter whether he cleared the labyrinth or not. What was important was what he gained from it.

"You managed to come down. I thought you'd give up."

Clearing the easy mode was meaningless.

It was more productive to spend time leisurely.

Kim Hee-jae smiled wryly.

"We also gave up at first... but we can't just sit still. We have to do something, no matter what."
$@$v=v1.20-rv2$@$Here is the translation of the text to English:

"It may be meaningless, but I still need to get stronger to survive. It was a decision made with that one thought.

Kim Hee-jae looked puzzled, tilting his head.

"But why are you still here? I thought you would have gone down a long time ago."

Taesan is strong.

It wasn't just a matter of stats or skills. As a pure human, he was far stronger than them. If he just willed it, he could reach the 100th floor in an instant. That was the Taesan that Kim Hee-jae saw.

Taesan spoke calmly.

"There's something I want to gain."

"What do you want to gain? What's there to gain here?"

"Just take a look."

Taesan moved on to the next room. Kim Hee-jae followed, still bewildered.

This place was easy mode. Even if you said there was something to gain, it was just a handful of worthless rice grains. There was no meaning or value.

At least, it didn't seem like Taesan would find it worth staying here for a few months.

[Grrr!]

A wolf appeared.

The wolf charged at Taesan. Taesan didn't move. Kim Hee-jae tried to intervene at that moment.

Taesan's body moved.

Kim Hee-jae's pupils widened."