
Episode 62

62. First Return. First Wave (3)

[Special Quest Initiated] [Defeat the enemies and survive.]

Monsters appear from all four directions. Simultaneously, colorless barriers descend from the sky with a booming sound.

Kugugung!

They block off the four directions from interfering with each other. Taesan approaches slowly and swings his sword.

Jjeoeong!

The vibration spreads along the colorless wall, but it doesn't leave a scratch.

"Even with these stats."

"Do not interfere in other directions." That was the meaning behind the barrier. After a brief inspection, Taesan turns his gaze to the monsters.

Ggu-reuk.

Ggu-reuk.

Several monsters come into view. If Taesan's memory serves him right, there are supposed to be a hundred F-rank monsters.

He calmly raises his sword.

* * *

Unlike the composed Taesan, screams of terror and panic were erupting elsewhere.

"Kyaaaa!"

"Save me!"
Here is the translation of the text:

They had prepared themselves to a certain extent, but there were too many monsters. Even the weakest seemed to number in the hundreds, causing people to panic and try to enter the city hall.

"What's going on?"

"Why can't we get in?"

However, the path into city hall was also blocked by a transparent barrier. While they were confused, the monsters approached close by.

In three directions, tens of thousands of people panicked and struggled.

Hwiyeon desperately tried to console them.

"Don't be afraid! They can't kill you!"

She tried her best to calm the people down, but they wouldn't listen. In a space where they couldn't run away, they tried to escape.

"Damn it."

Hwiyeon gritted her teeth and charged at the monsters.

It would have been easier if there were others at her level, like Jung-geun or Itaeyeon, supporting them in different directions. She countered as a monster with a giant tentacle tried to strike a person's head.

Squelch.

She blocked the swinging tentacle. She was slowly pushed back due to the difference in strength but covered it with skill and quick movement.

[Dealt 7 damage to Monster 5446654451.]

Squelch.

She barely managed to bring down one monster.
Here is the translation:

However, she cannot stop all the monsters. One monster attacks a person. A young man, sensing his imminent death, screams like a woman.

"Aaaah!"

[Dealt 7 damage to Monster 5446654451.]

"Huh... ah?"

The young man who received the blow widens his eyes. Hwiyeon confronts another monster and shouts.

"The monsters' attack power isn't that high! If you're careful, you can survive! We have to fight back!"

People are frightened by the terrifying appearance of the monsters and have given up on fighting itself, but the monsters themselves are at best Grade F monsters, not very strong.

At this point, Jung-geun and Hwiyeon are capable enough to handle them. Their attack power isn't very high, and their speed and strength are not overwhelming.

Their basic health is 100. Even after taking more than ten hits from the monsters, they don't die. Those who were fleeing realize this.

"They said they'd give rewards based on performance."

"Doesn't that mean we can try?"

Greed spreads little by little.

They step forward and begin to fight. They stab at the monsters' necks and strike with gauntlets. Those who were hit hard flee in a panic, drink health potions, and return.

Hwiyeon, who thought it would be easy to understand, let out a wry smile.
Here is the translation:

But it wasn't bad. Despite their best efforts in hard mode, including her, they were inevitably falling behind due to the numerical difference, but now it was much more comfortable.

Other areas weren't significantly different. As soon as Jung-geun realized that the monsters' attack power was low, they rushed in all at once. The areas handled by Junhyuk and Itaeyeon were similar.

"Stick to them!"

"Take them down!"

Watching them charge on their own, Junhyuk whistled.

"This is quite convenient."

"Indeed."

Itaeyeon replied and moved her hand. The monster's neck split into a triangular shape. Those fighting alongside couldn't hide their expressions of admiration.

"They're strong like monsters..."

Muttered the man who was relatively high-ranking in hard mode. While not at the level of Jung-geun and Hwiyeon, he managed to somehow defeat a single monster.

He thought he was quite strong. He believed that even Hwiyeon and Jung-geun couldn't easily defeat him.

However, the two in Alone Mode were stronger than that.

Deep down, it was a huge shock for him, who had been disregarding Alone Mode.

Junhyuk smirked.

"They're not that strong."

"What do you mean..."
Here is the English translation of the text:

The man who was about to say he wasn't particularly strong closed his mouth.

"Well. There really are monsters."

Itaeyeon looked beyond the curtain. Over there, there was no one else but Taesan alone.

Hwiyeon said we need to quickly win and go help him, but in her eyes, there was no need for assistance.

* * *

Taesan casually flicked his fist.

Crunch.

The monster's head crumpled. He kicked it away. The monster's lower body burst and disappeared.

Squish.

Squish.

Dozens of monsters pounced on Taesan simultaneously. Taesan calmly drew his sword.

Clang.

In an instant, afterimages appeared as the monsters were cut into pieces and disappeared.

He cleared the damage window blocking his view and thrust his sword. A monster hidden in the shadows was pierced through. Taesan exerted strength and cut it into pieces.

Squish squish squish.

One monster barely managed to attack Taesan's chest, using a fellow creature's corpse as bait.

"[Taesan Kang's Block activated.] [0 damage to Taesan Kang.]"

Crunch.

Before they could rejoice in success, the monster's head exploded outward.
Here is the English translation of the text:

With each movement of the sword, monsters died off, and with every step, several exploded.

It was truly an overwhelming gap. In terms of stats, they were at most around 13 to 14. Simple calculations showed a difference of nearly twenty times between Taesan and them.

["This is fascinating."]

The ghost watching quietly murmured.

["Those numbers must represent their numbers."]

"Yeah."

Later, truly countless monsters appeared. There were even cases of people suffocating buried under the volume. It was not just sheer strength but also a significant numerical threat.

["To send this volume to another world would consume considerable energy. What could it be for?"]

"When we talked about the gods, was that the power you were referring to?"

["Their own virtues, interference domains, value, etc... In some way,  was even
Here's the translation of the text:

[If it's something simple, you don't have to write it down. It's possible. Assuming it's a fair deal to compensate for even the slightest value, which is not even worth the dust, it can be provided without loss of strength. You've received items when you cleared trials, right? That's the level of significance to the gods.]

To him now, it had great value, but it seemed to have no value at all to the gods. Of course, thinking about the items obtained at the end of the alone mode, I understood.

[However, to give compensation with even the slightest value to a transcendent person, there needs to be a permanent loss. The contracts of the apostles or the skills given to you are like that.]

Grrr.

He fought off approaching monsters. He threw a sword at the head of the monster lurking from the left. The sword shattered the monster's head.

With this, the last monster was over. Taesan pulled out his sword and said.

"Keep talking."

[Simply put, as they become transcendent, it becomes difficult to interfere with mortals, and to make meaningful interference, they themselves must sacrifice something. And that power is not easily regained.]

"So what about this one?"

Taesan points to the corpse of the monster.

Hundreds of monsters. According to the ghost, it meant that he had suffered considerable loss of power. However, as far as Taesan remembered, new monsters continued to appear even when he died.

The ghost made a clicking sound.
Sure, here's the translation of the text:

---

[I don't really know either. It's not an ordinary transcendent being. It seems like a higher existence... I think I need to look into it more. But why isn't it ending?]

Taesan had killed all the monsters, but the quest completion notification didn't appear. Taesan kicked aside the corpses of the monsters and sat down.

"We have to wait until it ends elsewhere too."

It's not over just because one direction is cleared. Taesan patiently waited.

They're probably celebrating right now.

But soon, that joy would turn into despair.

* * *

"Pant, pant."

Hwiyeon wiped the sweat off after defeating the last monster. Cheers of joy echoed from all directions.

"We won!"

"We did it! Hooray!"

Everyone rejoiced, raising their hands high and embracing each other in victory.

There were some casualties, but they were rare. Except for those who couldn't uphold the line and went out, everyone survived.

As they congratulated each other on their victory, the quest was also completed.

[Special Quest Success] [Different rewards will be given upon returning to the Labyrinth.]

Victory in all four directions. It was time for them to embrace each other with faces filled with expectation and joy.
[Special Quest Start] [Second wave commencing.] [Defense area: Oriented around City Hall, covering east, west, south, north.] [Defeat the enemies and protect City Hall.]

"Huh?"

"There's more?"

They shifted their gaze in confusion.

A single monster appeared from the direction where monsters had previously appeared. The tense expressions on people's faces relaxed.

"Oh. Just one?"

"It's just one, so..."

Unlike the relaxed group, Junggeun's face hardened.

"Wait a moment."

While moving with Taesan, he had seen an even larger and more gigantic monster. A creature beyond the usual standards, impossible to track properly.

If Taesan hadn't taken it down, that monster could have killed Junggeun and everyone else, numbering over a hundred.

The monster appearing now resembled that one. Before he could alert the others to something strange, someone acted first.

"It's just one!"

A man stepped forward confidently.

He was among the top tier in Normal Mode, having delivered decisive blows to several monsters. Now, he intended to prove his strength by bravely facing this one-on-one battle.

The man's sword pierced the monster's chest.
[Monster 54612154 takes 1 damage.]

"...Huh?"

Crunch.

[Choi Min-sik takes 52 damage.]

"Uh, uh?"

[Choi Min-sik takes 54 damage.]

"Uh...."

The man collapses.

The monster moves its foot. At that moment, everyone except Junggeun and a few Hard Mode players missed the movement.

Kwaaah!

With an explosion, people are blown away. Helpless like ants flying in a fierce wind.

People noticed the attack just now. Although the monster had not been ranked so far, they could still understand.

It's a superior monster, different from those that have come out so far.

Fear, which had been forgotten until now, belatedly came to mind. People started screaming again and scrambling to run away.

"Don't run away!"

Junggeun shouted angrily. There is nowhere to run even if they try to escape from the monster. They must fight for their lives to open the way.

As Junggeun stepped forward and rushed towards the monster, the monster's arm moved.

Junggeun felt a chilling sensation for a moment and quickly bowed his head.

Kwaaah!

"Aaah!"
Behind Junggeun, the people were blown away. Junggeun, shuddering behind his back, gritted his teeth.

"What the...?"

It was unbelievably fast. Avoiding it was partly luck. Even if he tried to dodge again, he couldn't guarantee he would.

It's unbelievably strong.

"Am I supposed to defeat this?"

Despair settled on Junggeun's face. The monster began to move silently.

* * *

Crunch.

[Deals 43 damage to Monster 78541212.]

The monster collapses.

Taesan swings his sword.

An E-rank monster, dimensionally different from the F-rank ones. Certainly strong, but Taesan is stronger than those who have cleared Easy Mode. It's not a problem for him.

If it's a problem, it's for the others. They are not yet at the level to defeat E-rank monsters.

"What a cruel existence."

To overcome it, literally risking their lives is the only way. If even 1 damage lands, they must be prepared for death and attack to achieve victory.

Even if they want to help, they can't because they're blocked by the barrier. All they can do is hope for victory on their own.

Still, since he's responsible for only one direction and there are more people, they should be able to take it down with less damage than in the previous world.
"I have to do what I have to do."

The barriers only block interference between each other. They do not prevent distant movement.

Taesan left the city hall and headed towards the partially destroyed city.