
Episode 85

85. 16th Floor, Dullard Refining Dreams (3)

"Kuuuuaaaah!"

The Balrog lunges forward, aiming to grab Taesan with his hefty hands.

Taesan briefly catches his breath and moves his sword.

The smoothly moving sword tip deflects the trajectory of the Balrog's arms.

It strikes the exposed chest of the Balrog.

Thunk.

"Kuuuuaaaah!"

The Balrog crashes to the ground. He quickly springs up and eyes Taesan. Taesan whistles.

"You're quite sturdy."

Magi gather with a shudder.

"The sealed Balrog has activated Magi eruption."

Magi sweeps around like a storm. Taesan widens his stance, contemplating.

"Is it similar to demons?"

Though the concept of Magi was alike, something was different. Compared to the Magi used by Jagani, it was denser and darker.

"You've triggered Overflow."

As the overflowing Magi touches Taesan, it distorts and deflects wildly.

"You've activated Slow."

"Kuuuuaaaah!"

The Balrog's movements slow down. Taesan grips his sword and charges forward.
Facing the Balrog was a tremendously good opportunity for him. Descending into the depths meant encountering the Balrog, so it served as a warm-up exercise for him.

Taesan didn't swiftly deal with the Balrog but instead tried various methods.

Watching this, Hafran couldn't help but be astonished.

"...Is this even possible?"

His stats were similar to the Balrog's. However, he completely overwhelmed him in terms of skill, technique, and intuition.

"Even if he lost his intellect and degenerated, to overwhelm the Balrog like this..."

[I told you. He can do it.]

"No, still, this is strange. Just what..."

Objectively speaking, considering the level of the 30th floor, it wasn't that remarkable. The Balrog had been sealed for a long time, causing his intellect, skills, and everything else to deteriorate or even disappear.

Even bringing an ordinary adventurer from the 30th floor could easily capture the current Balrog. Enemies who attacked blindly without intellect were extremely easy opponents for them.

However, that was when they were adventurers of the 30th floor.

"...Their stats are similar? How? Even if they are strong, there's no way they could match their stats."

In Hafran's muttering eyes, only doubt was contained.
Skills could be obtained through exceptional talent or effort. Proficiency was much the same.

But stats were a different story altogether.

They were numerical values that could only be obtained through leveling up and facing enemies. No matter how strong one was, obtaining stats beyond one's floor level was simply impossible.

There were indeed skills that could specifically increase stats, but they were rare, and the increases they provided were not significant.

However, Taesan, despite being on the 16th floor, possessed stats similar to those of a 30th floor Balrog.

[That's quite astonishing.]

With the individual's permission, one could view the system window. Since Taesan was already a deceased ghost, he had no particular reservations.

[Where did he obtain such skills.]

All of Taesan's skills were unconventional, but the skill that increased stats was especially remarkable among them.

A skill that raised stats, and on top of that, a skill that allowed one to acquire skills. It was literally an impossible skill.

The ghost pondered silently.

'...Is that a skill permitted to mortals?'

It was something more advanced.

Something alien. At the very least, it wasn't a skill that could be obtained as an aid in the labyrinth.
[Anyway, he's someone you haven't seen before. Besides, once you see him, you'll understand. He could be someone who could be of great help to you.]

"......"

Taesan wasn't just aiming to defeat the Balrog, but was unraveling numerous tactics and skills.

Even for someone like Harfran, whom he had never seen before, Taesan's discerning eyes were extraordinarily sharp.

"If it's him, he might be able to fulfill the hopes you've placed here."

Harfran's calm words caused Taesan to focus.

Meanwhile, the Balrog was exerting all its strength and beginning to collapse.

"Kang Taesan achieved victory against the sealed Balrog."

* * *

"Alright. I'll allow it."

As Harfran approached while holding the Balrog, who was staring blankly, he spoke.

"How... how are you going to do it?"

Taesan asked, sharpening his sword.

"My world. It's going to the place of destruction."

"You can go to a place of destruction?"

"My world ended in a rather unique way. There's a gem that can take you there."

Harfran opened a rift and produced a black gem.

Beyond its shimmering power, another world appeared.
"I'm sending you there with this. Just gather the materials from that place. It's a world in ruins, but there are still things left."

Harfran looked around his workshop. It was a simple place equipped with an anvil, hammer, and furnace.

"This place isn't bad either, but I can only make a few things. They're all just ordinary items."

He knows that well. The advantage of a blacksmith is being able to make equipment for desired parts, not necessarily crafting exceptional gear.

Up until mid-Itaeyun, they used a blacksmith, but after that, they didn't come for in-depth conversations.

"But if there are materials in that place that only the residents of a destroyed world like me can handle, then I can make something stronger."

There was a heat in Harfran's pupils. Taesan tilted his head and grinned.

"Is it possible at my level?"

"I don't intend to send you to a difficult place from the beginning. It's a place that's easily possible if you can catch the Balrog. There's no apnea."

Taesan nodded his head.

"That's enough. Let's start lightly for now."

Harfran calmly opened his mouth.

"My destroyed world. Bring back the roots of the random gray forest."
[Subquest Start] [Harfran has a request for you. Enter his ruined world and bring back random roots from the gray forest. Success will be rewarded.] [Reward: Equipment made from random roots.]

"Here's the map. You'll figure out how to get the random roots once you arrive in the forest."

There was no thought of refusing the quest. Taesan nodded.

Once the quest was accepted, Harfran muttered as he held a gem.

"Key."

Space opened up.

The ashen world appeared.

"Go in."

Before Taesan could step in, he asked,

"It seemed like you're very selective about who you give quests to."

"Indeed. I haven't given it to anyone but brave souls like you. There were those who wished, but I rejected them all."

Harfran stated firmly,

"Sending someone to my world is because there's something I desire there. I want what's deepest in my village. My biggest regret upon leaving the world is not taking care of it."

There was deep regret in Harfran's eyes.

"If you're not strong enough to reach there, I don't want to turn my world into a wasteland."

It was an implicit acknowledgment for Taesan. Harfran stepped back one foot.
"Then I've told you everything I can. Remember one thing."

Harfran said to Taesan as he entered the portal opened by the gem.

"The world will try to kill you."

In an instant, the world plunged into darkness. His body began to move through the black space.

"What is this?"

[Space transit. It takes quite some time to travel the distance of a star. Just wait a bit and you'll arrive.]

The ashen world on the other side was gradually coming closer into view.

A world in ruins. First visit. Honestly, Taesan was curious.

Even the hero said his world had been destroyed. Probably the shop owner was in the same boat.

Earth, too, in a way, was a world on the path to ruin. Their fate could be Earth's future.

He wondered how their destruction differed from Earth's.

The ashen world drew nearer.

Eventually, Taesan's body arrived in the world.

His first impression was unpleasant and sticky.

The first sensation he felt was that he couldn't breathe. The moment he tried to inhale, something alien and toxic tried to enter his body.

[You activated apnea.]
Reflexively, he activated the skill. Taesan waved his hand into the empty air with a grimace.

He felt nothing. If there was air, at the very least, wind should have arisen in response to his hand's movement. But literally, nothing happened.

Taesan glanced down at the ground. The parched earth slowly turned to sand, threatening to swallow Taesan whole. Though he rolled away on his foot, the new ground offered no difference.

The earth was devouring Taesan.

He looked up at the sky. There were no clouds. Only a solid grayness painted the wide expanse beyond.

Within that grayness, there was an intensity of hostility palpable even to a child.

Taesan realized.

The stars themselves were trying to kill the living.

* * *

He exhaled. The scant air within him escaped.

Then he inhaled again. Something toxic invaded his throat and lungs.

"...There's a little oxygen, though."

A trace of oxygen was mixed with the alien substance. He controlled his breath, inhaling and exhaling in shallow breaths to manage his respiration.

[You take 2 damage.]
Then he managed to minimize the damage and breathe. If not for his lack of sleep apnea, it would have been impossible.

Just breathing here subjected him to attacks. He chuckled bitterly.

"Is there anything to be found in a place like this?"

He had only thought of it as desolation, but it was more than that. The world itself was intent on killing.

[There are things you can find precisely because it's a place like this.]

Taesan exhaled and inhaled. The ground, even as it did so, stubbornly attempted to swallow Taesan whole.

Taesan unfolded the map. It showed a gray forest with his current location marked.

The distance wasn't far, but it wasn't close either.

Taesan moved his feet.

[It's best not to make any sudden movements. If you show more than necessary, this place will start watching you. Move slowly and eventually you'll show some movement... but at least you won't end up crushed by a mountain.]

"That's a grim thing to say."

Following the ghost's advice, he proceeded at a normal walking pace. Continuing to breathe slowly, he was able to gain the skill bit by bit.
[You continued to persevere in the dreadful environment. You acquired the passive skill [Poison Resistance] in special circumstances.] [Your proficiency in Apnea increased by 1%.] [Your proficiency in Disease Resistance increased by 1%.]

And as you moved forward, once again the system window appeared.

[Your proficiency in Block has increased by 1%.]

Just by walking, your proficiencies increased, and you gained new skills.

You let out a bitter laugh.

But it wasn't to the extent that you couldn't endure, as Harfran had mentioned. Your stamina was gradually depleting, but it was very slight. It was more like chipping away at a protective shield until you reached your destination.

Taesan kept moving forward.

As time passed, the poison grew even stronger. The damage inflicted with each breath increased.

Cack.

Rough marks appeared on your skin. The parts exposed to the air slowly began to distort.

Your flesh peeled away, revealing the skin underneath.

[You received 4 damage.]

Taesan grimaced and pressed his fingers against his skin.

"It's getting stronger as it tries to exclude foreign substances."

"Hmm."

You could still endure for now, but it would become increasingly difficult over time.

Harfran had said you could return anytime if you wanted to. If you did, the quest would be considered a failure, but at least there was no risk of dying.
Taesan, having made his decision, swung his hand.

Splitch.

[You received 5 damage.]

His nails tore the skin at the fingertips. Taesan continued to move his hand, creating wounds across various parts of his body.

"Hmm... I can guess roughly what you're doing, but why?"

"Because resistance and immunity are gained better when you're wounded."

The ghost smirked as he watched Taesan stop walking and wait quietly.

"I get it, but not many actually do that. Now it's so familiar it's not even surprising."

Cack.

The wounds Taesan created began to fester. Blood flowed, and a discomforting pain engulfed him.

Taesan remained quietly silent, waiting.

Eventually, he was able to acquire skills.

[You obtained the passive skill [Decay Resistance].] [You obtained the passive skill [Burn Resistance].]

"Two down."
[Special Passive Skill: Decay Resistance] [Proficiency: 1%] [Resistance against decay. Doesn't seem to be particularly significant yet.]
[Special Passive Skill: Burn Resistance] [Proficiency: 1%] [Resistance against tearing wounds. Doesn't seem to be particularly significant yet.]

Although the description suggested they might not be very meaningful, a skill is still a skill. Acquiring them reduced the pressure more than before.

As a result of this progress, they were able to discover a vast desert.