
Episode 90

90. 19th Floor, Mausoleum. Lucifer (2)

"Hmm."

He had guessed he would receive an invitation. However, expecting to clear minimal trials before being invited, Taesan was momentarily bewildered.

"[Since you know, there's no need to administer a trial, or...]"
"It could also mean that I don't want to give you a test."

Taesan, who had been looking at the system window for a moment, moved his hand.

"[You have accepted Lucifer's invitation.] [Lucifer's domain welcomes you.]"

The world distorts. The labyrinth is shrouded in darkness, and a completely different world is manifested.

The world that appeared was different from Maria's domain.

While her domain was a temple alone in a space that could be compared to the void of the universe, Lucifer's domain was a massive fortress.

Taesan was summoned into the vast interior of a building so long and wide that it was difficult to see the end of the corridor.

Taesan quietly surveyed the interior of the fortress.

Black gem decorations. Pillars reaching up to touch the sky. A ceiling so high it seemed faintly visible.

Truly, it was a colossal fortress.

"Hmm."
A dissatisfied voice echoed. Taesan realized belatedly.

A black-clad girl leaned on a tall, high throne, looking down at Taesan.

Black hair flowing down to below the throne.

Sharp eyes like those of a cat.

A long black dress.

Taesan was slightly taken aback.

When he met Maria, he felt an inexplicable power. So he could immediately recognize when someone appeared.

But she was not that girl.

Outwardly, she appeared to be just an ordinary child, cute and devoid of any apparent power.

The girl spoke.

"Are you just going to stare blankly?"

Taesan snapped out of his daze. The girl, sitting on the massive throne, greeted him as if she were a queen.

It wasn't difficult to guess what she wanted.

Taesan kneeled.

"Hello. Lady Lucifer."

Lady Lucifer.

The identity was the young girl before him.

* * *

The girl, who had been silently looking down at Taesan, spoke.

"You kneel so obediently."

"I'm not so stupid as to not read the atmosphere."


The god before him cannot discern what feelings she holds toward him. In fact, there is a high possibility of hostility.

After all, he had killed someone close to her.

Judging that obediently moving as she wished was the right decision.

And that was the correct answer.

"Not bad. If you had resisted, I might have crushed your head."

A chilly sensation accompanied the light voice, clutching at Taesan's throat. The muscles of his whole body began to tense naturally.

The girl waved her hand.

"No, I'm just teasing. I suppose I can't crush your head. There are many things to be angry about. Rather than that..."

A contemplative gaze turned towards Taesan.

"Hmm. I've seen the pitiful looks of pathetic beings, but yours is certainly unique. Can such as you exist in this world?"

At the unfamiliar words, Taesan's eyebrows twitched.

"Forget it if you don't understand. It doesn't concern me."

With a languid attitude, the girl idly toyed with her hair with her toes.

"I have no intention of getting involved in what you did to the pathetic one. That was your rightful fight."

"Well, I'm glad to hear that."
She didn't seem to harbor any ill feelings about killing someone close, at least not visibly.

"You've come to me for the magi, haven't you? That's probably the reason."

Taesan nodded.

The cost required to use dark magic. Magi.

That was why he had accepted Lucifer's invitation.

Lucifer shook her head, her silky hair flowing smoothly.

"You're human."

Her small finger pointed towards Taesan.

"And I am a mage. Magi is the power of my kind. Humans are not mine."

"...So you can't give it to me."

As she said, magi belonged to the demons. Indeed, the specter had gained nothing from Lucifer's altar.

But Lucifer had insisted on bringing Taesan into her domain. It meant there was another way.

"If I were to grant you the power to wield only what is mine, yes, I could."

"But you just said you couldn't?"

"Normally, yes. But although you may be a loophole, you have the power of mine. Although the man next to you didn't deserve it, you do."
Taesan realized what Lucifer meant.

Taesan had stolen dark magic from Jagan, leading to an increase in spiritual power that humans couldn't learn.

In other words, learning dark magic meant acquiring the skill that demanded magi. That satisfied the minimum requirement. Lucifer murmured with mild interest on her face.

"It's certainly unique. Is that your power...?"

Taesan sent a questioning look to Lucifer. Lucifer turned the conversation.

"I'll give you a trial, and if you pass, I'll grant you magi. But is that enough for you? Didn't you accept my invitation expecting more?"

Taesan didn't deny it. Lucifer lazily continued.

"You don't just want magi; you want more. Like how the gods of magic grant you magic, you seek magic from me and desire a new path."

Simply receiving magi isn't significant. Unless you encounter and defeat new demons in the future to take their dark magic, there's only one dark magic you can use.
Taesan desired more. He hoped to learn new dark magic from Lucifer and gain more power.

Lucifer responded to Taesan's wish.

"Possible. You've somewhat gained my favor. Adding one or two more won't make a difference."

Taesan clenched his fist discreetly.

In terms similar to magic, if dark magic was considered, Taesan would wield four powers: swordsmanship, skills, magic, and dark magic. The difference was undoubtedly immense.

"However, everything comes with a price, Gang Taesan."

Her sharp eyes softened.

"What I'll give you won't be satisfied with simple trials."

"Are you asking me to become your disciple?"

All the gods Taesan met wanted that. Lucifer chuckled.

"No way. While Mariana and other gods might want that, I'm a demon. There's no way a mere human can be my disciple. Only pure demons can become my disciples."

Lucifer boldly declared.

"They're really foolish too. No matter how exceptional you might be, begging like that as a human diminishes your status as a god."

"Were you watching over me?"
[Why should I watch a fight that's not even mine? I have no interest in it.]

It was an attitude marked by strong self-esteem, and Taesan was rather grateful for it. He subtly found such a proposal tiresome, especially since he had no intention of becoming a disciple.

[What I want from you is a simple relationship of following orders and receiving rewards.]

To Taesan, it wasn't a bad proposition.

"Please go on."

[It's simple. Protect my lamb.]

A quest window appears.

[Sub Quest Started] [Demon. Lucifer wants to help his persecuted child. However, it's a world inaccessible to demons. He hopes you, who can visit that place, will aid his child.] [Reward: Determined by Lucifer based on your achievements.]

Taesan scans through and speaks up.

"Are we going to another world?"

[Have you not experienced visiting the world of foolish mortals? Don't worry, it's not a world that has been destroyed.]

Lucifer frowned. Wrinkles appeared on the girl's delicate brow.

"My lamb is suffering persecution and pain in a world where she's lost me. Please take her to a safe place."
"Rumor has it you've settled here and abandoned the outside."

"The poor child seemed to be under a misconception. I've relocated, not abandoned. My gaze still rests where my child resides. It's just that this place is more amusing, so I pay it no mind."

Wherever demons, maras exist, Lucifer watches over them all.

Subtly, her power manifested. Taesan closed his mouth and pondered.

‘This won't be a quest that ends quickly.’

Who her lamb is, I don't know, but they must be in a rather precarious state. Enough for Lucifer to request taking them to a safe place herself.

‘It won't be easy.’

It's a quest given by a god who said even his trials are insufficient. It's harder than any strengthened trial.

Taesan, who was thinking, made a decision.

"I'll accept."

Lucifer smiled.

[Good.]

"Instead, I have another request."

The ghost, waiting quietly, swallowed his breath. To say that a mortal was making the first request to a god was going to be the talk of the impetuous gods who would soon be seen
[You're asking without offering anything in return to a god? Normally, I would shake my head... but this time, I guess I can't.]

Lucifer's aura, momentarily flowing, faded away. That settled it.

When Lucifer first saw Taesan showing interest, she said she wouldn't shake her head in annoyance or brush him off.

It meant she was weaker than Rakiratas or Mariab, or a god who respected them. She wouldn't casually interfere with someone like Taesan.

[Go ahead. If it's trivial, I'll ignore it.]

Taesan spoke to Lucifer, who was grumbling.

"Do you know about those who invaded my world?"

[...Ah.]

A smile spread across Lucifer's face.

[I'll forgive your request without an offering. You want to know who they are? It's a matter of curiosity. If you satisfactorily carry out my command, I'll tell you about them too.]

Taesan, having gotten everything he desired, nodded.

"Alright then."

[Good. It's cumbersome, but I'll give you a basic explanation. Listen carefully since I'll only explain it once.]

Lucifer began her explanation.
Here is the translation of the text into English:

"The world you're going to is what we call the Vekweseta world. It's a world where magic exists and is guarded by dragons. The strength of the world itself is ordinary, but... it's annoying to protect."

Lucifer's face showed a hint of irritation.

"It's a world where feeble and fragile beings trouble my own."

Lucifer sighed, her chin resting on her hand. Her hair cascaded down.

"It's the world governed by Hahmon, the god of light born from the earth. That's where you're going."

---

Taesan squinted his eyes. The sunlight coming down from the sky was dazzling.

It had been an incredibly long time since he had seen the sun. Inside the labyrinth, there was no sunlight, and since Earth had been invaded by monsters, the sun had been obscured by rifts. It was the sun he hadn't seen in an uncountable amount of time.

"Is this Vekweseta?"

Taesan murmured as he looked around.

"It doesn't seem much different."

He saw a forest. There were rocks of a solid color and a blue river flowing beside them.

At first glance, it looked just like Earth.

"You can tell just by looking at the guides of sin, right? The most common form is that of humans."

"I guess there won't be any need to be chased around by monsters. I never thought I'd end up in this world after all these years."
Here is the translation of the text into English:

"This world didn't seem like it was facing destruction or invasion by monsters.

The people here live ordinary lives and will die ordinary deaths, just like on the old Earth.

That was something remarkable. To Taesan, that sense of normalcy felt strangely distant.

"There doesn't seem to be time to reminisce."

"Yeah."

Taesan sensed multiple human presences from beyond the forest.

Several pursuers.

And one being pursued."