
Episode 91

91. The Tale of the Beast, Lamb of the Abyss (1)

Taesan kicked off the ground and soared through the air. Then, once again, he landed his feet in the air.

[You activated mid-air leap.]

Thump.

His accelerating body vanished into the forest from the air.

Since the distance wasn't far, he could arrive soon after leaping over the branches.

"Huff, huff, huff."

A young girl was running away, breathing heavily. Black hair and dark eyes. She was a girl in her late teens with semi-curled long hair.

She looked exhausted, but there was an undeniable elegance about her. However, her attire was torn and shabby, not befitting her demeanor. It seemed like she hadn't washed in a long time, as dirt was visible on her face.

"Is that the child of the Beast?"

[Overall, in a black form. Seems like a child of the demon.]

Taesan watched quietly from the tree. An arrow pierced right in front of the girl who was running away, sweating profusely.

"Hah!"
The girl unconsciously stepped back. At the same time, it seemed a trap under the bushes had been activated, as a rope tied around the girl's ankle.

Her face turned pale. She quickly tried to cut the rope and escape, but the pursuers had enough time to reach her.

"Phew, that was close."

Several men appeared. A scruffy-looking man whistled when he saw the girl.

"Indeed, princess. There must have been a reason you weren't caught for ten years, huh? The pro of escaping. Impressive."

"You guys..."

The girl gritted her teeth. The men took out their weapons.

"Sorry, princess, but we'll have to capture you peacefully."

"I'm not so easy to catch for you."

Her tone was light, but there was undeniable tension in her eyes. It was the first time she had been cornered like this since the chase began.

"Well, since you'll end up dead anyway and alone, what's the point? Isn't it about time we meet?"

"Bring it on!"

The girl swung her sword fiercely.

It was a decent move, but she was in such a tired state. The sword that swung did not have much strength behind it. Naturally, she was overpowered by the man's grip.

"Ahh!"
The girl collapses to the ground. She begins to breathe evenly, as if she has fainted.

"Alright!"

The men cheer.

"We did it!"

"We finally caught her!"

"Wow!"

The men start to organize themselves, clearly excited.

"How much is this?"

"The bounty was a thousand gold... So if we split it among us, it's a hundred gold each, right?"

"Yeah."

A hundred gold would be enough for an ordinary person to live comfortably without worries. They instantly become rich.

As they discuss what they'll do with their newfound wealth, someone interrupts.

"Isn't it a bit insufficient?"

"What do you mean insufficient? It's a hundred gold. A hundred gold!"

"That's exactly why it's insufficient."

The man who spoke frowns.

"Do you know how much gold we've spent getting here? It's a whopping 60 gold!"

"But we've all contributed to that gold!"

"No, most of it is my money!"

The man raises his voice sharply.

"I paid for tracking costs, commissions, hush money—almost all of it! I've spent forty gold out of sixty! I've used up all the money I've saved up my entire life!"
To the man, even though it was said to be a hundred gold, he only gained sixty gold. He wasn't satisfied with that.

"So what are you gonna do about it?"

"Give me more."

"What?"

The atmosphere quickly turned hostile. The man reached out his hand.

"All of you take only ninety gold. I'll take one hundred and ninety gold."

"…So you spent forty gold and now you want ninety more?"

"The value of money works differently. My forty gold is worth ninety gold now."

The man stated confidently. In the tense silence, someone muttered gloomily.

"Do you think we'll allow that?"

"If you don't like it, you can drop dead."

Amidst the grim atmosphere, weapons were slowly drawn.

The ghost chuckled.

"Do these lowlifes have any loyalty before money?"

It wasn't a new sight even to Taesan. After Somali pirates had taken a lot of money and vanished, it wasn't unusual to hear that half the bounty had been murdered.

In the increasingly hostile atmosphere, only one man was worried. The young-faced man opened his mouth.

"Hey, I just want......"

"Will you take me?"


Taesan flicked a branch, which landed among them with a thud. Startled, they turned to see him amidst their heated argument.

"…A dark-haired one?"

"Demon?"

"No, no. Their color is lighter."

Hearing their murmurs, Taesan realized.

‘Are demons perfectly black in color?’

The girl's appearance was also a shade that seemed to absorb light like black. While Asians often had black hair and eyes, many also had brown, rarely completely black. Taesan was one such case.

"…Who are you?"

"Someone who has business with that girl."

At those words, the men's eyes flickered dangerously. Deciding Taesan was a rival, they quickly drew their weapons.

Ping!

Arrows flew, and eight men charged. Only the young-faced man hesitated, watching the others charge forward.

"They fought as if they wanted to kill, but their coordination is good."

Taesan moved his hand.

An arrow was caught.

Those rushing toward the amazing sight of catching arrows momentarily faltered.

Taesan lightly brushed his hand. The arrow flew, piercing through the head of a man who stood dumbfounded, still holding his bow.

His fist shook, leaving several afterimages.

Thunk.
The men's chests were crushed and disappeared. Taesan was even more surprised by their immediate deaths from a single blow.

"Why did they die so easily?"

"I thought they could at least withstand two or three hits, but they were crushed and vanished as if they had no means of defense whatsoever," Ghost said as if it were obvious.

[How could ordinary hunters survive when not even renowned inspectors in the world could?]

"Even Easy Mode players can withstand all of them."

[That's because your world is unique.]

It was frustrating. I tried to beat them one by one, trying to extract information, but they all ended up dead.

"I guess I'll have to settle for just one regret."

The timid man who hadn't attacked was still alive. He was startled by the man's gaze towards him.

They weren't weak hunters. If they had been from the beginning, they wouldn't have been able to capture the princess.

Among the bounty hunters, these exceptional inspectors were among the highest ranks, and they couldn't easily break their cooperation.

But they all died with a single blow. The process of catching arrows, throwing arrows again, killing his comrades—all of it was invisible.

Then there's one thing.

"......At least a Swordmaster!"
The man screamed inwardly as he slowly backed away.

Taesan kicked his foot.

In an instant, that figure disappeared. The man felt a strong force around his neck and was slammed into the ground.

"Tsk, tsk!"

"Can he withstand this much? It's hard to control my strength."

"P-please... spare me..."

"I'll spare you if you just answer."

Taesan, pinning the man down, said leisurely.

---

The man didn't want to die. In addition to Taesan's questions, he spilled everything he hadn't been asked about. Thanks to that, he could learn more details about this world.

"Ten years ago, the decree came down."

"Yes, yes..."

Summarizing the man's words, it was like this:

This world was originally an ordinary one. Humans and demons had split the world in half and were living peacefully with moderate interaction.

There existed a Demon King, but rather than being enemies to humans, they coexisted with mutual respect and assistance.

The god humans believed in here was the God of Light, Hahmon. The demons believed in their own gods. Though they worshipped different gods, they respected each other, so there were no major conflicts.
During that time, exactly ten years ago, a decree came down from Hahmon.

"Kill the demons,"

"They aim to kill humans,"

"They are the enemy."

The priests who received this prophecy were startled. It was too vicious and cruel for a divine decree. They checked multiple times, but the prophecy came down once again.

"Kill the demons."

It was a statement filled with unwavering determination.

Then, unnaturally frequent incidents caused by demons began to erupt.

A crazed demon self-destructed, annihilating a village and terrifying the capital with a series of murders that turned out to be the offspring of demons, which spread rumors about demons every day.

Thus, confusion accelerated. The Demon King, too, was perplexed and sought answers from the demons, but they gave no response.

Having lost their god, they also began to create one trouble after another.

And a year later, war broke out.

The demons, bereft of their god, were swept away helplessly. Their proud dark magic was sealed, unable to inflict any harm on the knights clad in sturdy armor.
The treasure vault was plundered by wretched beggars, and the noblest were met with death at the hands of mere commoners.

Another year passed.

With the Demon King dead, the war ended.

The conspicuous demons all became corpses, and those who escaped were now wanted fugitives. After persistent pursuit, most of them met their demise.

"And she... is the last princess of the demons."

The child of the Demon King. The hope of the demons.

She miraculously survived and evaded capture for eight years.

"That's right."

Taesan stroked his chin. He understood what had happened.

"I see."

"Well..."

The man nervously shifted his gaze. Taesan spoke calmly.

"I'll let you go if you answer one more thing."

"W-what is it?"

"How skilled are you guys here?"

Realizing what Taesan wanted to hear, the man swallowed nervously and replied.

"If you consider us as bounty hunters, we're at the top. Individually, we're average among mercenaries, and if you consider our teamwork, we can compete with top-notch inspectors."

"That's right."

They were stronger than average. Just about at this level.
"Are they really that much stronger than the upper ranks?"

"Well... I'm not so sure."

The ghost's voice trailed off.

Taesan waved his hand.

"Alright. Go."

"Me, really?"

The man's eyes widened. He didn't really expect to be let go.

"Why, send you back to your friends?"

"No! No, thank you!"

The man hurriedly ran away.

"Lucky break!"

Now he could return home, leave behind bounty hunting, and perhaps start farming. Watching the man disappear into the forest, the ghost spoke.

"You're not going to kill him?"

"I promised. Besides, he doesn't seem like he's worth killing."

Rather than celebrate subduing the princess, he looked upon her with pity. Instead of attacking Taesan, who he had seen as a competitor, he seemed bewildered.

He didn
Perhaps Harmon made a pact with Lucifer. It must have been an agreement not to interfere in the world, although I don't know how it came about.

Harmon, achieving his goal, began to exterminate the demons.

The Lucifer that Taesan saw was possessive of what was his. Seeing the demons dying and calling out his name, Lucifer must have been enraged.

And then he appeared.

As a human rather than a demon, he was free to act here. For Lucifer, having at least satisfied the minimal requirement of having what was his, it must have seemed like a fortunate turn of events.

Therefore, she herself must have given the quest while accepting some degree of damage