
Episode 92

92. Beheseta, the Young Lamb of the Demon (Part 2)

Taesan, looking at the unconscious girl, belatedly realized.

"You said your world was destroyed by the Demon King too, right?"

Defeated by the Demon King and with the world destroyed, the ghost had said he entered the labyrinth to save his own world. The ghost responded calmly.

[Unlike Beheseta, our world was one where we fought demons from the beginning. After endless battles, we were ultimately defeated.]

"Then you don't feel any hatred towards demons?"

[None at all.]

Taesan was slightly surprised by the ghost's calm and matter-of-fact tone.

"None at all?"

[Of course not. Why would I?]

"Aren't demons supposed to be enemies of humans?"

[Hm?]

The ghost seemed confused. After a moment of thought, the ghost muttered as if realizing something.

[Come to think of it, your world had only one human, right? Hmm. Is that another perspective? Interesting.]

The ghost began to explain.
[Simple. If spirits or similar beings appeared in your world and claimed that your humans had driven them to extinction, and they declared vengeance against you, how do you think you would respond?]

"I see."

Taesan finally understood what the ghost was trying to say.

"So demons are just another race."

"They're just like humans. They vary greatly and possess diverse traits. There are worlds where they coexist with the Demon King and others where they oppose each other. Ours was a world of opposition. There's anger towards the Demon King who caused our destruction as an individual, but not towards other demons or beings like him."

"But why the Demon King?"

"Because they originated from beings like him."

As Taesan listened, he realized demons were a race similar in number to humans, all originating from beings like the Demon King.

"Then how powerful are demons?"

"I don't know the strength of each individual, but their class itself is immensely lofty, so they're quite formidable. Frankly, it's hard for us to gauge once they reach that level."

Their strength was so overwhelming that proper estimation was impossible for them. Taesan realized something peculiar.

"Is Lucifer weaker than the deity named Harmon?"

"That's definitely not the case."

The ghost spoke with absolute certainty.
"I might be a god you've never heard of, but didn't I say I was a god of light born on this earth? If I were just a simple god of light, that would be quite something, but the description included being born on land. That implies I'm not that strong. Sure, I'm much stronger than you guys, but I can't match the caliber of a demon."

"Then why are you just standing there watching?"

If they were that strong, they should have just stepped on us themselves. The ghost's tail was blurred.

"Well... there are parts that can be predicted."

"Like what?"

"This world belongs to Harmon."

Taesan recalled a single word.

"A native god?"

"Something like that. A god becomes infinitely stronger in their own domain. No matter how powerful a demon is, it's difficult to dominate a god within their domain. That's a rough guess."

"Hmm..."

While they were talking, the girl groaned. She slowly opened her eyes.

"Are you awake?"

"....!"

The girl, locking eyes with Taesan, jumped up in surprise. She fumbled for her sword and took a defensive stance.

"Who are you?"

"Don't worry. I'm not here for the bounty."

The girl's pupils shook. Taesan leaned against a tree.

"If I say I'm on your side, will you understand?"

"...."

The girl belatedly scanned her surroundings. The hunters who had captured her were now sprawled around as corpses.
The girl looked at Taesan with a puzzled expression. Taesan met her gaze and organized his thoughts.

"Well then..."

Lucifer had instructed Taesan not to mention that he had come under the orders of the Mage, and to conceal his identity with the purpose of protecting her.

Eventually, Taesan had to persuade the girl by deducing information. Feeling annoyed, Taesan opened his mouth.

"Princess of the Demons. What's your name?"

"...I'm Anetsha. And who are you?"

"I'm Kang Taesan. Technically, your escort, right?"

"Escort?"

Anetsha still looked bewildered. Taesan began to recite the story he had prepared.

"A few years ago, a demon came to me. He was dying."

If the bounty hunter's words were true, the demons' ecology was not much different from that of humans. They had positions and ranks, and treasures.

And most of them were said to have died. In other words, some might still be alive.

The princess had been chased alone for eight years.

That was the part he aimed for.
"He held out gold and silver treasures and asked me to ensure your safety. Since they were valuable jewels, I accepted."

Anetsha's pupils shook.

She asked in a trembling voice, "Who was he?"

"I don't know either. He died right after entrusting me with the task."

At Taesan's casual remark, Anetsha's face twisted. She must have been thinking of someone, tormented by the thought of his death. Taesan continued speaking.

"He managed to escape quite well. It was difficult to track him down. I even considered giving up on the mission, sorry to the client... but now that I've found you like this, I must make it worth the money. I will protect you."

Her pained eyes settled down. Anetsha looked at Taesan with wavering eyes.

Reading the light within her, Taesan smirked.

"Do you think I would lie? To you? For what purpose?"

The girl's pupils shook.

The bounty hunters who pursued her were strong. If you're doing homework
And at that level, there was no need to worry about her bounty.

"I think I've accepted it."

"Yes."

Anetsha nodded. Her legs momentarily gave way.

"Ah...."

Soma overwhelmed her. She hadn't slept for more than two hours a day in the past week due to being chased by hunters.

"First, rest. We can talk later."

Her eyes slowly closed.

* * *

Taesan brought the sleeping girl to a cave.

"Should I have brought something like a blanket or a quilt?"

He hadn't expected to end up caring for her like this on a quest. He roughly tore off large leaves to make a bed and laid her down.

He looked around to see if anyone was coming, but there was no sign of anyone nearby.

Two hours later, Anetsha woke up.

"...."

She groaned as she tried to sit up. Her body still demanded sleep, but her mind was forcibly awakened.

Anetsha chuckled bitterly.

In eight years, she had only slept peacefully for one day. Six years ago, she slept like a fainting person who couldn't hold out any longer, almost becoming the dew of the gallows, and since then, she had only been able to doze lightly.
She staggered outside.

Taesan, who was sitting absentmindedly, looked at her and asked, "Rest more. Why are you awake already?"

Anetsha stared blankly at Taesan.

"It wasn't... a dream."

Mercenaries left behind by her deceased family for her sake.

"Is it... something I can resolve?"

With a sudden thought, she shook her head urgently.

"No."

"Go back."

Anetsha spoke coldly.

"Don't stay by my side."

She tightly closed her eyes.

She still remembers. Her joyful eighth birthday party. Despite the difficult situation of being unable to contact the gods, everyone gathered to celebrate, and even the Demon King appeared in person.

Countless smiles and affection towards her.

All of it twisted.

Those who once laughed at the breaking of castles were crushed and disappeared. The party that should have been splendid and enjoyable in the face of approaching knights was swept away in an instant.

And there were many who smiled to let her escape at the cost of their lives.

She didn't want to see such a sight again.

Dying alone was enough for her.
"I'm sorry, but I can't do that."

Taesan said as he stirred the campfire.

"I came here for you."

"It's dangerous by my side. I know you're strong, but you'll end up getting killed."

She spoke with a desolate expression.

Taesan chuckled.

"Dangerous?"

"It's not just hunters chasing after me. Those with a grudge are after me too."

Taesan clicked his tongue.

"Like that guy?"

"What?"

Anetsha reflexively looked in the direction Taesan had clicked his tongue. There was nothing there.

Before she could ask what he meant, the bushes parted.

"Your Highness, here you are."

A middle-aged man with a beard appeared, bowing awkwardly. Anetsha gasped and gripped her sword.

"Garrant...!"

"The noble Princess knows my name well. It's an honor."

Garrant sneered with mocking words, his eyes gleaming.

"We heard you were somewhere around here, but I didn't think it could be true..."

After briefly scrutinizing Anetsha, Garrant smirked knowingly.
"The sight of the beautiful Princess is beyond words. Do you really wish to survive in such despicable ways?"

"Even though you once swore loyalty to our father...!"

Anetsha sharpened her words. There was a time when Garrant had pledged allegiance to the Demon King and lived as his knight, during an era when humans and demons coexisted in peace.

But as the demons faded and chaos ensued, Garrant swiftly concealed himself. It was not a time so relaxed that he could chase after a single knight without issues.

"That's all in the past now. Looking back, it was a dreadful experience. Pledging loyalty to demons! I wish I could erase those memories. Truly."

Garrant frowned.

Confused by the silence of the demons, Garrant had fled. He thought he had escaped cleanly, but those in power knew all too well about his allegiance to the Demon King. That was why he hadn't been able to attain a proper position.

"So I suppose I'll have to capture you willingly now, Princess."

But even that is coming to an end. If he could capture the last remaining princess of the demons, he would receive the treatment he deserved.
Anetsha bit her lip at Garrant's display of greed.

Skill and character do not always correlate. Garrant was a notorious figure among humans, yet also a formidable presence.

There weren't many who could claim superiority over him, someone who could wield Aura and surpass even top-tier swordsmen.

Anetsha had never heard the name Taesan before. It implied strength, but not enough to impress her.

"...Run away," she said.

She stood in Taesan's way. Garrant, who had noticed Taesan belatedly, smirked.

"Even if it's a lineage that's supposed to be extinct, there are still worshippers left, it seems."

Mistaking Taesan for Anetsha's accompanying guard all this while, Garrant made his decision. He would kill Taesan first. He thought that would break Anetsha's will and she would submit to him willingly.

With his decision made, Garrant moved. He dashed forward at high speed.

Anetsha hastily moved her sword, but Garrant deftly evaded and thrust his sword towards Taesan.

Clang!

It wasn't the sensation of piercing flesh, but the sound of swords colliding. Garrant's pupils dilated.
Taesan moved his fist heavily.

Thud!

"Argh!"

Garrant hastily withdrew. Taesan gripped his fist.

"Not dead yet?"

Moreover, he hadn't suffered significant injuries.

"Not bad."

Garrant rubbed his tingling cheek.

"He's fast. If I hadn't reacted instinctively, my face would have been gone. His fist packs quite a punch."

Garrant's face twisted.

"A nameless brute like you!"

A blue light emanated from Garrant's sword. Anetsha was astonished.

Aura Blade.

Despair flickered across Anetsha's face. Learning Aura had endowed Garrant with power far beyond that of a regular swordsman.

Light gleamed on Taesan's face.

"What's that?"

It wasn't despair but a glint of curiosity.