
Episode 99

99. Vekweseta, Lamb of the Abyss (9)

"Not going to fight?"

"I have no intention of dying."

Atria looked at Taesan with a curious expression.

"You're a monster. With the four of us together, we could even bring down a kingdom."

Atria slowly lowered her weapon.

"Anyway, I still want to live. If you're going to kill me, I'll resist desperately, but I'd truly be grateful if you showed mercy."

"Then stay still."

Unlike other Swordmasters, Atria didn't aim at him seriously. It seemed she wasn't the type to follow Hamon's prophecy.

Anyway, she had something to ask, so she thought to keep him alive. If he begged for his life, he might obediently answer Taesan's questions. This might be better.

Atria chuckled.

"Thanks for that. I'll do as you say."

"Let's clean this up first."

Taesan pointed to the corpses of the Swordmasters.

* * *

"Ah...."

Anetsha woke up inside the cave.

She stared blankly at the ceiling and suddenly sat up.

"No, this can't be."
She quickly got up and dashed outside. Amidst the scenes of destruction, Taesan was nowhere to be found.

"Ah, no...!"

She shed tears.

He's dead because of me.

Guilt and regret overwhelmed her emotions.

If she continues to live, only more will die one by one.

Wouldn't it be better to just die?

Despair began to engulf her.

"What's wrong? Awake?"

She hastily looked up. Taesan was looking down at her.

He's alive.

"Where... did you go?"

"To deal with the bodies."

He had thrown the bodies of the three Swordmasters at the entrance to the forest. Others would find out about this. They would know that even Swordmasters could not stand against Taesan.

Anetsha, who had been staring blankly at Taesan, suddenly sprang up.

"Hey?"

She hugged Taesan. Taesan reluctantly lowered his arms, looking awkward.

He wanted to tell her to let go, but seeing her trembling like this made it difficult to say anything. Watching them, Atria whistled.

"Looks good."

"Shut up."

"Ah...."
Anetsha belatedly pulled away, her face flushed.

Growing up as a princess, embracing someone like this was a first for her, excluding her family.

Atria entered her embarrassed gaze.

"...Atria?"

"Long time no see, Princess."

Anetsha stammered and stepped back, reflexively gripping her weapon.

Atria raised her hand.

"Don't worry, I'm not here to capture you. I'm a defeated one."

"Defeated...?"

"Did you see the four of us earlier?"

Atria gestured with her chin towards Taesan.

"Three of them died by his hand. I barely begged for my life and managed to survive."

"Ah..."

Anetsha understood.

She had thought Taesan would die because the four Swordmasters had come to capture her.

In other words, Taesan's survival meant he had triumphed over them.

Anetsha's respect and reliance on him deepened even further. Taesan ignored that look and asked.

"Do you know each other?"

"Yes, um, yes. My father used to visit occasionally when he was alive. ...So, you came to capture me too."
"Whatever. I lost. No need to worry, I have no intention of trying again."

Atria shrugged her shoulders.

"Actually, I wasn't serious about coming in the first place. I was just curious about who the esteemed one protecting the princess was."

"You seem indifferent for someone following the orders of a god."

"While it was bestowed by Hamon, I don't particularly trust him."

Taesan looked at Atria unexpectedly. Atria spoke solemnly.

"He slaughtered the demons who had been allies for thousands of years under the name of a god not even a hundred years old. Do you think they're considered normal gods?"

As a Swordmaster who surpassed human limits, he seemed to have various thoughts.

Atria smirked.

"Then there must have been a reason why he spared me. Can I ask about it once? He wouldn't just let me live because I begged, would he?"

"I know it well."

Taesan opened his mouth.

"Oorer. Explain about that."

---

"Aren't you going to sleep?"

"I'm fine."

Anetsha sat on a tree stump, staring blankly at Taesan.
Taesan seemed intent on not taking his eyes off her, as if the experience of knocking her out and going to fight had become a trauma. Atria smiled broadly as she looked at him.

"Well, what are you curious about? Ask anything. I guess I owe you that much for sparing my life."

"As I mentioned earlier, it's about the use of Oorer. And how to obtain it."

"Hmm."

Atria stroked her chin.

"Given your level, you probably could have learned Oorer if you hadn't failed to obtain it?"

"I come from elsewhere."

"Somewhere else."

Atria's eyes sparkled.

"Are you talking about the Labyrinth said to be created by the Archmage?"

"You know about it?"

"I've heard rumors. I've been particularly interested, so I've looked into various things. Are you from that place said to be created by the mage... Wow. I never thought it actually existed."

Atria nodded after briefly expressing her admiration.

"So that's why you can't use Oorer."

"Yeah. There were no Oorers in my world."

"Hmm."

Atria tapped her forearm with her finger.

"I've heard stories too, but you probably can't learn it after all. Sorry about that."

"What?"

Taesan frowned at the unexpected news.
"This is the power of our world. If I follow your words, you must have come from a world without Oorer, right?"

Taesan nodded. Atria lowered her head.

"In that case, you probably won't be able to learn it."

"Why?"

"Because there was no Oorer in your world to begin with. Those who never had it in the first place can't learn it even if they come to another world. That's the law, as far as I know."

"My world didn't have magic either, but I could learn magic."

"Magic and Oorer are different," Atria cut in sharply.

"I was curious, so I looked into it too. Handling a sword can grant power akin to magic. Isn't that strange? At least, I thought it was strange. It's not normal."

Atria spoke with a delighted expression.

"Though it's a story from prophecy and legends, I managed to find it. Oorer is the power directly granted by the god of swords. It's said to descend upon a chosen world where it finds favor. Conversely, it means residents of worlds not approved by the god cannot learn it."

"....."
It sounded plausible. The ghost was surprised by the absence of magic in Taesan's world but didn't say a word about Oorer. Furthermore, they didn't mention anything about learning Oorer either.

It meant there was definitely a clear distinction between worlds where one could learn and where one couldn't.

"The god of swords."

The god of magic was in a labyrinth.

There was also a possibility of the god of swords existing.

Atria groaned softly.

"I'm sorry about this."

"No."

Taesan glanced briefly at the empty air.

"It'll probably work out."

[Special Continuous Activation Skill: Qualification: Proof of the Sword] [Granted Proof of the Sword.]

An incomprehensible skill obtained by defeating the Sword Master.

This is probably the permission granted by the god.

"It's possible?"

"I obtained the qualification."

"Oh? Is this an ability obtained from the labyrinth?"

It was obtained through an increase in spiritual power, but Atria, who didn't know that, brightened even more.

"Does the god of swords exist in the labyrinth? That's interesting. Quite interesting..."

He murmured for a moment and then smiled broadly.

"Alright. After a brief explanation, I'll speak."

Atria began her explanation.

"What do you think Oorer is?"

"Are you asking me that after seeing you for the first time?"
"Is that so? Always asking questions before starting, it's become a habit."

Atria confidently drew her sword. A blue light rose above the blade.

"When you handle a sword, those with talent eventually obtain Oorer. It's said to elevate you to a noble state or whatever, but ultimately, you end up with a sharper, unbreakable sword. It's not that impressive on its own. But once you become a Sword Master, the story changes."

Oorer erupted like an explosion. Atria's sword was enveloped by Oorer. Its size was incredibly large and grand.

"This is how Oorer can be transformed according to one's own needs. You've seen it yourself, so you understand how it works."

The Sword Master of Fire controlled multiple swords with Oorer. The Sword Master of Azure shot out sword energy, while the Sword Master of White controlled Oorer like a living creature.

Each of them displayed techniques surpassing mere swordsmanship using their respective Oorer.

"How one manipulates Oorer varies from person to person. I simply wanted a big sword. That's how my Oorer manifested."

"You mean you can't control swords?"


"It's not that I can't do it. It's just that I choose not to."

Atria threw the sword. It paused in midair before beginning to move of its own accord.

"You think you can't stop it?"

"I can catch it."

The sword's movements were awkward and unrefined, like those of a three-year-old child.

"See, it surpasses human capability, but its limits are clear. Quite disappointing."

A hint of regret crossed Atria's face.

I could roughly understand. Oorer changes according to the individual, and while it can be used differently, it's quite clumsy.

Now, onto the main topic.

"How do you learn?"

"It's quite simple."

Atria chuckled.

"Just swing the sword."

"...That's it?"

"That's all. Just swing it aimlessly, swing it again and again, and eventually, you'll reach it."

With utter simplicity, Taisan watched Atria warily. Atria waved his hand.
"It sounds like a joke, but it's true. Some say you must attain enlightenment, others that you must meditate. Training to reach the limit. That's all there is to it."

"Nothing's different from before. It's all been for nothing."

Taisan muttered as he picked up the sword. Now, he had earned the right. He could truly attain Oorer now.

Atria raised her hand.

"What should I do?"

"My business here is done. If you need to go back, go back."

"Hmm."

Atria scratched her cheek as she let out a sigh of relief.

"If it's alright with you, can I stay by your side?"

"Why?"

"Just curious. I wonder if you can really learn Oorer."

A deep interest gleamed in Atria's eyes.

"If you're worried I might harm the princess, I can swear to it. I won't do anything here."

Taisan glanced briefly at Annette. She nodded her head.

"I'm fine as long as it's you, Taisan."

"Then it's fine. Instead, take this."

[Taisan requested a contract from Atria. Atria cannot engage in threatening behavior towards Taisan and Annette.]

"Hmm?"

Atria's face showed surprise.

"I feel something in my heart."
"It's a temporary contract that they can't touch us. If you accept, I'll accept."

"Is that also the power of the labyrinth? There are so many strange things."

Atria pressed her chest with an interested expression.

[The contract was accepted.]

* * *

After that, it was a free time.

Perhaps because Swordmaster Net was dead, no one came looking for them. When Atria asked about the unusual quietness, Taisan replied as if it were obvious.

"There are eight Swordmasters in the world. Except for those with reasons or in hiding, all of them have come looking. And they're all dead now. But where would a lunatic come looking for us?"

No enemies came.

Until the demons came looking for them themselves, Taisan could not move, so he calmly continued his training.

He grasps the sword and swings it. He repeats the unfolding of the Storm Calamity Sword.

He swings the sword for 22 hours out of the day. He sleeps for two hours, then wakes up and swings the sword again.

Atria looked at him with a wonder-filled face.

Days like that repeated, and then the demons came looking for them.