Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1001: Free Massage

"A-Are you sure?" Mei Ying asked him in a hesitating manner.

"What is there to be hesitant about? It's not like it's our first time doing it. You just need to learn how to absorb the Yang Qi. It's definitely much more entertaining than just absorbing the spiritual energy in the air."

"Here you go. Go read this and let me know your decision later." Su Yang handed her a scroll about dual cultivation before leaving to spend the night with Xing Aiying.

The following day, Mei Ying approached Su Yang and said to him, "I want to try dual cultivation."

Su Yang nodded with a smile and said, "Alright. I will give you a taste of it tonight."

And after a hard day at work, Su Yang called Mei Ying to another room while Mei Xing silently cultivated in her own room.

"Are you ready?" Su Yang asked her as they entered the bed.

"Yes." She nodded with a resolute face.

Mei Ying began moaning loudly shortly after.

About half an hour later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi inside her body.

"Now recall the scroll I gave you and try to absorb the Yang Qi inside your body. It's okay even if you don't succeed on your first try. This is merely for the experience." Su Yang said to her afterward.

Mei Ying nodded and sat in the lotus position and began trying to absorb the Yang Qi in her body.

Unlike normal cultivation that requires one to absorb the spiritual energy in the air into their body, dual cultivation was slightly easier in the sense that they only need to absorb the spiritual energy that is already within their body.

Furthermore, Su Yang's Yang Qi was incredibly pure, and he even adjusted it so that even a mortal who has never cultivated before like Mei Ying to absorb it without harming herself.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Unfortunately, just like her daughter Mei Xing, Mei Ying had no talents in cultivation whatsoever, so she was unable to absorb the Yang Qi.

"I'm sorry for wasting your time and effort…" Mei Ying sighed after failing to absorb his Yang Qi.

"Don't worry about it. Like I'd said in the beginning, it's okay to not succeed on your first try, especially since you have zero experience in this sort of thing. We'll do this every day until you succeed."

"Okay. Thank you for bearing with me." Mei Ying nodded.

Sometime later, she returned to her room while Su Yang went to find Xing Aiying.

"You're teaching that girl dual cultivation?"

"Yes. In case we go separate ways in the future, they will at least have some power to protect themselves."

"How kind."

The following day, a beautiful woman wearing unique red robes approached the Heavenly Massage and proceeded to stand outside with a pondering look on her face.

"Medallion of Pleasure… I wonder if this place can satisfy my hunger…"

"Young fairy, the line is back there." The person in front of the line said to her.

The woman turned to look at the line that reached all the way to another street and shook her head.

"I don't have the time to wait. How unfortunate. Looks like I will have to return another day. Hopefully, they are still in business by then." The woman then turned around and began walking away....

However, the door suddenly opened, and an ordinary young man walked out and called out to her.

"That beauty in red robes, please wait."

"Huh?" The woman turned around to see Su Yang standing in front of the Heavenly Massage.

"What do you want from me?"

"I would like to offer you a free massage."

"What?!"

The customers already waiting in line were shocked to hear this, as this was Su Yang's first time offering a free massage to someone since the business' opening. Why would he suddenly give such an offer to some random woman in the street?

"Why would you do that for me? What are your intentions?" The woman asked, clearly suspicious of his actions.

Su Yang pointed at her robes and said, "You're a disciple of the Boundless Yin Yang Sect, right? Someone from your sect had saved my life before, and I have sworn to help those from your sect since then. However, I never got the chance to do so. Please, let me help you."

The woman that turned out to be from the Boundless Yin Yang Sect was a little surprised by Su Yang's words.

Someone from her sect had saved him, so he's giving her a free massage? Although it still sounded a little suspicious, the woman looked at the Medallion of Pleasure again.

'I was intended on giving this place a visit in the first place— if not for the long line. This place also has a Medallion of Pleasure, so they should be trustworthy…'

After pondering to herself, the disciple nodded.

"Alright. I'll let you help me."

"Thank you!" Su Yang spoke from the bottom of his heart, as he has been waiting for this opportunity ever since he arrived at this place!

He then turned to look at the customers in line and bowed to them, "I apologize for this inconvenience."

"Don't worry, we understand your situation." They quickly said.

Su Yang then led the disciple into the Heavenly Massage.

Meanwhile, Mei Xing watched Su Yang with a profound face.

'The Manager was saved by the Boundless Yin Yang Sect before? I wonder what happened…' She pondered inwardly.

Once they were inside the massage room, Su Yang said to her, "Before we start, can I say something?"

"Go ahead." The disciple said as she entered the bed.

"Oh?! What kind of bed is this?! Even the beds at my sect aren't of this quality!" She suddenly said after feeling the mattress.

"I made the mattress." Su Yang said with a smile on his face."

"Is that so? As expected of someone with a Medallion of Pleasure. Anyways, what were you about to say?" She turned to look at him, waiting for him to speak.