Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1002: Stop Using Your Fingers!

"I just wanted to say that if you're satisfied with my massage, can you let your fellow disciples know about my store so that they can also experience it?" Su Yang said to her.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

And he continued, "Don't worry, it's not like I am trying to profit from your advertisement. All disciples from the Boundless Yin Yang Sect will receive free massages. I just want to help more people from your sect, that's all."

"You care awfully a lot about my sect. I know that you almost died, but what happened?" She asked him.

"Let's just say I had an unfortunate encounter with a powerful magical beast. If it were not for that expert from the Boundless Yin Yang Sect, it would've killed me in a brutal manner."

"Anyways, allow me to start the massage now."

After taking a deep breath, Su Yang began massaging the disciple's back.

"Oh! Not bad!" The disciple was immediately impressed by his hand techniques.

Although the Boundless Yin Yang had its own masseurs, they could not be compared to Su Yang's store.

Once he was in the mood, Su Yang began using the technique Fingers of Fulfillment on the disciple, instantly arousing her body and awakening the lustful beast within.

'What's going on? Why is my body suddenly so hot?' The disciple was shocked that Su Yang had managed to arouse her lust.

As dual cultivators, they must learn how to control their bodies and their emotions, meaning they can control their lust. And as a disciple of the Boundless Yin Yang Sect who has solid control over her body, she did not expect it to naturally become aroused in a massage, hence why the disciple was surprised.

However, to lose control over her own body was akin to losing face in the world of dual cultivators, so the disciple immediately tried to regain control over her own body, suppressing her lust.

And while it might work on even experienced masseuse, she was before the God of Pleasure, so all of her efforts would become pointless.

The disciple sighed in relief inwardly when she managed to suppress her lust. However, her lust returned a few seconds later, and it was even stronger than before.

Of course, the disciple was shocked to feel her body flaring up again with lust.

'Just who is this guy?! Even within the inner court, only a few people can make my body like this!'

"Relax," Su Yang's voice suddenly resounded.

"Don't fight it. You'll enjoy it more that way. Also, it is my job to make you feel good."

The disciple listened to his words and stopped trying to control her lust, allowing it to flow all over her body.

Once her body was hot enough, Su Yang flipped her body over and began massaging her front body.

The disciple was already breathing heavily at this point, and when Su Yang reached the soaking wet slit between her legs, he asked, "May I?"

The disciple silently nodded, as she was worried that if she doesn't exhaust some of her lust, she'll go crazy.

Upon her approval, Su Yang began working on her little sister, which gushed with Yin Qi even at the slightest touch.

And before Su Yang could do much, the disciple would suddenly grab his wrist and say, "I don't want your fingers! I want the real thing!"

Su Yang smiled and said, "As you wish."

He then removed his clothes and went in-between her legs.

'Heavens… What a massive…'...

The disciple stared at the rod between Su Yang's legs with wide eyes. This is her first time seeing it so majestic— so perfect.

"Hurry up and put it in me already!" She quickly urged.

Su Yang nodded before inserting his rod into her cave, and the disciple immediately moaned with pleasure.

Su Yang then performed slightly above average in the bed to please the disciple. He didn't want to appear so good that it was suspicious, but he also didn't want to underperform and disappoint this disciple, losing his chance of joining the sect.

Fifteen minutes later, Su Yang unplugged his rod from the disciple's hole, and Yang Qi immediately began flowing out like a river.

'I-In just fifteen minutes…' The disciple's body twitched all over the place as she recalled the massage she'd just experienced.

'I have never been exhausted this fast before…'

The disciple turned to look at Su Yang, who was casually putting his clothes back on.

"What's your name?" She asked him.

"Xiao Yang," he replied.

"Do you belong to a sect?"

"No, I do not."

"Do you wish to join one?"

"I do, but all of the sects have already closed their disciple examination."

"I can recommend you to my Master in the Boundless Yin Yang Academy if you want." The disciple said.

"Really?! You'd do that for me?" Su Yang acted surprised and excited, but he was genuinely happy about the outcome.

"Yes. You have the talents to be a great dual cultivator. Hell, even your Yang Qi is extremely pure and powerful! I wouldn't be surprised if you're already a dual cultivator!"

"Haha… Actually, I have studied dual cultivation a little, but it's not much. As for my Yang Qi… I had a fortuitous encounter with a Yang treasure many years ago."

"That explains why your Yang Qi is so rich with spiritual energy. Alright, I will speak with my Master when I return to the sect. In return, once you're accepted into the sect, you'll assist me in my cultivation."

"Sure." Su Yang nodded.

After dressing back up, the disciple walked to the door.

"Oh, my name is Luo Mi. See you at the sect, Xiao Yang."

After Luo Mi left the place, Su Yang continued his day working as a masseur.

Once the day was over, Su Yang filled Mei Ying's body with his Yang Qi and gave her small lectures regarding dual cultivation.

After that, Su Yang went to meet Xing Aiying in her room, telling her about the disciple.