Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1003: Special Treatment

"So there's a good chance that you'll be joining the Boundless Yin Yang Sect soon, right? That's great news! I have only been in this city for a few days and I am already bored to death! The environment is the same in almost every street, and as someone who's not here for entertainment, it's even worse!" Xing Aiying expressed her relief upon hearing the news.

Su Yang smiled at her words and said, "I also don't like the atmosphere in this place. Although it may look happy on the outside, it's actually a really grim and dark place where people are forced to work as escorts and such. It is also why I don't come here unless I have to."

"Anyways, let's just endure this until I enter the Boundless Yin Yang Sect."

Thus, the Heavenly Massage continued to operate while Su Yang waited for good news.

Meanwhile, at the Boundless Yin Yang Sect, Luo Mi went to meet with her master, who was actually cultivating with a junior disciple at that moment.

Unlike the Profound Blossom Sect that forbids elders from cultivating with the disciples, the Boundless Yin Yang Sect has almost no limits, meaning the sect elders can cultivate with the disciples all they want and vice versa.

After all, they were all cultivators with hundreds if not thousands of years of experience. There was no reason to limit each other with things such as ages and status.

"Give me a few minutes to finish up," her master said from inside her closed room.

About ten minutes later, a beautiful woman came out of the room, and Luo Mi caught a glimpse of her partner, who was a handsome young man, and he appeared to be completely exhausted after cultivating with her master.

"What do you want?" Her master asked her afterward.

"Master, I would like to recommend someone to join our Boundless Yin Yang Sect. I think he'll be a great addition to our sect with his talents," Luo Mi said.

"Huh? What kind of nonsense is this? The Boundless Yin Yang Sect is no longer recruiting disciples!"

"I am aware of that, Master, but I also know that you have the authority to help someone enter the sect without taking the entrance exam."

Her Master frowned and said, "I can only use this privilege once every 100 years for one person, and you want me to use it on some nobody that I have never even met before? Based on what justification?"

"Master, this person isn't just a nobody! I have cultivated with him, and he was able to defeat me in less than half an hour!"

"You?" Her Master's eyes widened upon hearing such words, as she was very aware of how strong her own disciples' endurance was.

"Who is this kid?" She then asked.

"He owns a massage parlor in the City of Pleasure. If you don't believe me, you should go check him out yourself. Just let him know that you're from the Boundless Yin Yang Sect and he'll take care of you for free."

"Hahaha! The City of Pleasure? And a massage boy at that? Did you hit your head, Luo Mi?" Her Master laughed.

In her eyes, the City of Pleasure was not a worthy place.

"Master, this massage boy has a Medallion of Pleasure…"

"What? A Medallion of Pleasure? Are you serious?" The Master immediately stopped laughing and started thinking about it seriously....Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"I am serious, Master. Why else would I come here and ask you to help him? If you help him… He'll be indebted to you forever! I'm sure he'll be able to satisfy you for a long time!"

The Master began pondering in silence.

Just like her disciple Luo Mi, she was someone who cannot be satisfied easily, hence why she has a new partner almost every day. If she could find someone that isn't a fellow sect elder and can satisfy her, that would be ideal.

"Luo Mi, if this massage boy of yours disappoints me, be prepared to face punishment." The Master looked at her disciple with a serious face.

"I will walk around the sect naked if he doesn't satisfy Master," Luo Mi stared back with a serious face.

"Good! Tell me the location and I will go meet him next week!"

Luo Mi handed her master the location of Su Yang's massage parlor before returning to her own living quarters.

"You better not disappoint me, Xiao Yang, or I will go back there and beat you for making me look like a fool in front of my own Master!" Luo Mi sighed out loud.

A week passed by in a flash, and Luo Mi's Master made her way to the City of Pleasure early in the morning.

Once she was in the City of Pleasure, she went straight to the Red Light District and asked around for a Heavenly Massage.

After getting the directions, she followed them, arriving at the Heavenly Massage an hour later.

'There's a lot of people here… Maybe Luo Mi was not exaggerating as much as I thought…'

The Master then ignored the line and walked right into the store.

However, she was quickly stopped by the people waiting in line.

"Hey! What's the big deal?! Can't you see that there's a long line here?!"

However, before things got out of control, Xing Aiying came out of the store and said to the customers in line, "Please calm down, she's a friend of the Manager."

"Follow me." Xing Aiying said to her before walking back inside the store.

Once they were inside, Xing Aiying took the Sect Elder to her room and said, "The Manager is currently entertaining another guest, but he will be done in a few minutes."

"Is that so? In the meantime, why don't you tell me a little about this place? And why did you help me just now? I don't even know the manager."

Xing Aiying then explained to the Sect Elder about Su Yang's past and how someone from the Boundless Yin Yang Sect had saved his life before, hence the special treatment.