Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1004: A Rare Find

*Knock* *Knock*

"Manager, you have a guest from the Boundless Yin Yang Sect." Xing Aiying knocked on Su Yang's room when he finished entertaining his last customer.

A few moments later, the Sect Master entered the room and immediately began inspecting Su Yang from top to bottom.

"Welcome to Heavenly Massage, Senior. How may I help you today?" Su Yang greeted her with a friendly smile.

"I heard from a fellow disciple that you're giving out free massages, is that correct?" The Sect Elder said, not giving away the fact that she was there to test him and see whether he was worth her special slot or not.

"Of course! As long as you're from the Boundless Yin Yang Sect, all massages will be free!" Su Yang said.

"Okay, show me what you've got. After hearing my fellow disciple praise your skills, I have high expectations."

The Sect Elder removed all of her clothes and laid on the bed.

Su Yang immediately began working on her body, starting out slow at first.

'Hmm… His finger movements are great, but it's not nearly enough to receive my slot.' The Sect Elder thought to herself as she calmly enjoyed the massage.

Suddenly, she felt a spark of excitement appear in her body, causing her body to tremble slightly.

'W-What was that feeling just now?!' The Sect Elder cried inwardly, unable to comprehend what she'd just felt because it was so sudden.

A few seconds later, another spark assaulted her body… then another… and another.

Within moments, the Sect Elder could feel her entire body being assaulted by these sparks that traveled through her weak spots like lightning snakes, awakening the lust hidden deep within her body.

'I don't believe it! How can he still find my yin spots despite my efforts trying to hide them?!' The Sect Elder was in disbelief.

She knew that Su Yang was arousing her lust through her yin spot, but there was nothing she could do about it but lie there and let Su Yang quickly awaken her lust.

When she could no longer endure it, the Sect Elder suddenly stood up and stared at Su Yang with a deep frown on her face.

"I don't want a massage anymore! I want you to fuck me!" she exclaimed.

"Of course."

Su Yang wasted no time removing his clothes, revealing to her the majestic dragon between his legs.

The Sect Elder took a deep breath when she saw his flawless rod, and in her mind, she told herself that even if Su Yang didn't have the capabilities to satisfy her, she wouldn't mind accepting him as a disciple since she could easily satisfy herself with his rod!

Of course, this would mean that Su Yang would become nothing but her sex toy, but in the world of dual cultivation, this is what happens when someone lacks the ability to satisfy another!

"I would normally be on the top, but I will give you a chance to prove yourself worthy of being on top of me." The Sect Elder said with a grin on her face.

"I will try my best," Su Yang smiled....

Shortly after, Su Yang inserted his massive dragon into her tight cave.

"Ah~!"

The Sect Elder moaned loudly, feeling Su Yang's rod reaching the deepest parts of her hole with ease.

Su Yang could feel the Sect Elder's cave sucking his rod even though he wasn't moving.

"I'm going to move now." Su Yang warned her before moving his hips.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

'Amazing! This is amazing!' The Sect Elder cried inwardly as her little sister gushed with Yin Qi.

Compared to the junior disciples that she has been picking up recently, none of them could compare to this massage boy in front of her, and even some of the inner court disciples would not be much better than him!

'Luo Mi was right! He's a rare find! If he's trained properly, he might even become a core disciple in the future!' The Sect Elder was getting excited, unaware that Su Yang was barely using any of his true potentials.

About half an hour later, Su Yang stopped moving his hips.

"What happened? Why did you suddenly stop? Are you already tired?" The Sect Elder frowned when he suddenly stopped moving, feeling like she was forced to wake up from a good dream.

"Actually… I have other customers waiting for me, so I cannot do this for too long, especially since I pushed everyone back just for you. Furthermore, my massage sessions are usually 10 minutes long, and we have already been at it for half an hour. If I make them wait any longer, it'll be bad for my business and reputation."

The Sect Elder did not immediately respond and silently stared at him with a pondering face, seemingly trying to decide on something.

After a moment of silence, she said, "If you join the Boundless Yin Yang Sect, you'll no longer need to manage this business, right?"

"Eh?" Su Yang acted ignorantly.

"What do you mean, Senior?"

"Luo Mi— the one who told me about this place mentioned that you wanted to join the Boundless Yin Yang Sect. If you join our sect, you will no longer be able to manage this business, so what are you going to do then?" The Sect Elder asked him.

"If I can join a sect, I will give up on this business," he responded with a resolute expression.

"Even though you have a Medallion of Pleasure?"

"I never intended on using it, but due to circumstances, I was forced to use it," he sighed.

"Then why did you even start this business in the first place if you're going to abandon it so easily?"

Su Yang looked at her in the eyes and responded in a clear tone, "I only wanted experience, and to be completely honest with you, I have always been interested in a woman's body, hence why I studied the art of massage and opened a massage parlor."

The Sect Elder laughed a little before speaking, "If you come to the Boundless Yin Yang Sect, you'll get to touch as many womens' bodies as you'd like!"