Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1005: A Short-Lived Business

Su Yang chuckled at the Sect Elder's words, and he said, "As much as I like the sound of that, I don't have any way to join the sect now because the disciple examination has already ended."

"Don't worry, there are other ways to enter the sect besides the disciple examination. I know someone who can help you enter the sect," she said.

"Really? Who?"

"Before I tell you, when can you join the sect?"

"If I can join today, I would do it."

The Sect Elder nodded and retrieved a badge.

"Do you know what this is?" She asked him with a cheeky smile.

"No, I do not. What is it?" Su Yang acted dumb.

Of course, he knew what the badge was.

"This is what will help you enter the sect. As long as you have this, you'll be able to enter the sect at any time you want. However, these badges are not given out easily, so they are quite valuable."

"I can give this badge to you, but what do I get in return? As I'd already mentioned, it's not easy to get this badge. There are many people out there who would be willing to pay a fortune for this badge, too."

Su Yang pondered and said, "Unfortunately, I don't have anything valuable on me… Do you want my Medallion of Pleasure? I won't be needing it once I leave this place, after all."

"I also have no use for it, so I don't want it."

"Then is there anything specific that you want?"

The Sect Elder smiled and said, "I want a partner— someone who can satisfy me for a long time."

Su Yang raised his eyebrows and asked, "There should be plenty of people in the Boundless Yin Yang Sect that can help you with that, right?"

"Of course. There are plenty, and they are mostly sect elders, but I am someone who prefers younger men. There's just something very thrilling about cultivating with someone younger than you, you know?" The Sect Elder chuckled.

Su Yang was left speechless by her words and was unsure how to respond.

She then pointed at him and said, "Although you're quite capable right now, you're not at my desired level yet, so I want you to train properly in the sect and visit me again in the future when you're good enough."

"If you don't show any improvements or become lazy, I have the right to remove you from the sect since I was the one who brought you into the sect in the first place."

Su Yang nodded with a serious expression on his face, "I promise I won't disappoint you. Once I am capable enough, I will please you for as long as you want!"

"That's what I like to hear." The Sect Elder smiled and handed him the badge.

"Senior, what is your name?" Su Yang then asked.

"Just call me Disciple Chu," she said, still not planning on revealing her identity as a sect elder for some reason.

"Okay, Disciple Chu."

"Then I will see you at the sect, Disciple Xiao." She waved him goodbye before leaving the place.

After the sect elder left, Xing Aiying entered the room and asked him, "What's the result?"

Su Yang showed her the badge in his grasp with a smile on his face, "I will be a disciple of the Boundless Yin Yang Sect starting today."...

"When are we leaving this place?" She then asked.

"Tonight."

"Your customers will be sad, especially those that had been anticipating it for a while now."

Su Yang shook his head and said, "Unfortunately, I do not have the time to satisfy everyone. Even if I worked all day for the next year, the line outside my building will not shorten, and I do not intend on staying here forever."

"What about those two?"

"I will speak with them later."

Sometime later, Su Yang appeared at the reception desk.

"Manager, are you ready for more customers?" Mei Xing asked him, completely unaware that the business would be shut down soon.

"No, we're closing the store now." He said, puzzling her.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"We're closing today already? Are you not feeling well?" Mei Xing asked him in a worried voice, still not aware of the situation.

"I will explain later."

Su Yang then walked outside and said to the customers waiting outside, "This is a bit sudden, but the Heavenly Massage will no longer be in business. I'm sorry for any inconveniences this may have caused."

"Huh?"

However, the customers couldn't comprehend his words at first and stared at him with blank expressions.

"N-No longer in business… As in the store is shutting down…?" One of them suddenly asked.

"That's right." Su Yang nodded.

"What?! This is too sudden! Why would you suddenly shut the business down when it's doing so good?!" The customers were confused and shocked at the same time.

"Can you please reconsider it?! If something is bothering you, we can help!"

Su Yang shook his head, "I'm sorry, but I have already made a decision."

"Can you at least tell us why this is happening?" Another person asked.

"To tell you the truth, I have been doing this business merely to pass time while I wait for something else. Now that I no longer have to wait, it's time for me to leave. That's all."

Su Yang returned inside the building after saying those words, leaving the people outside speechless.

"M-Manager… Is it true? You're really going to close down this business?" Mei Xing looked at him with a perplexed look on her face, as she wasn't sure how to display the countless emotions she was feeling at this moment.

Although she knew this would eventually happen since Su Yang had mentioned it to her before, she didn't expect that this day would come so soon!

"Yes, I am closing this store down as of today." Su Yang nodded.

Tears immediately began flowing down Mei Xing's face, as this could potentially mean the end of their relationship that was just getting started!