Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1006: Leaving the City of Pleasure

"P-Please reconsider, Manager! I don't want you to leave! It's too early! I haven't worked enough for you!"

Tears flowed from Mei Xing's face as she held onto his robes like a child begging her father to not leave her alone.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Unfortunately, I must leave this place to become a disciple at the Boundless Yin Yang Sect."

"Therefore, I will give you two choices— leave this city and live the rest of your lives together in peace, or continue working for me at the sect."

"If you choose to leave, I will give you more than enough money to enjoy yourselves for the rest of your lives. You deserve it."

"Work for you at the sect? But we're mortals with no background. While you won't have any problems entering the sect, we won't be able to do the same." Mei Ying shook her head.

"It's fine. If you work for me as my servants, you'll be able to enter the sect with me. However, your freedom will become restricted within the sect, so you won't be able to move freely."

"Although I can promise your safety, it won't be entertaining, as you'll be spending most of your time in one place until my business is finished within the sect."

Mei Ying and Mei Xing looked at each other.

"Mother… I will listen to you…" Mei Xing said to her.

"E-Even though I am your mother, I never had the opportunity to fulfill your wishes. Do you want to continue working for the Manager? Or do you want to leave the city with me? What do you desire?" Mei Ying asked.

"I…"

Mei Xing turned to look at Su Yang with a pondering gaze.

"Manager, there is still a lot that I don't understand about cultivation. Can I follow you until I become a Cultivator that's strong enough to protect my mother? In return, I will do anything for you! If you want me to become your servant, I will become the best servant in the world! But I have to admit that I do not have any experience working as a servant."

"I— I am a fast learner, after all!"

Su Yang smiled, "I know. You have already proven yourself."

And he continued, "Are you sure that you want to follow me? It won't be anything like working as a receptionist, and it might even be dangerous to follow me."

"It's okay. I don't care if I have to face some danger as long as I get to continue working for the Manager." Mei Xing nodded.

Su Yang turned to look at Mei Ying and asked her, "Are you okay with this?"

Mei Ying didn't say anything and merely nodded her head with a willing smile on her face.

"I understand. Then I shall take you two with me to the Boundless Yin Yang Sect. I hope you're prepared because the world outside this city is vastly different."

The two of them nodded in a serious manner.

"When are we going to leave?" Mei Ying asked a moment later.

"Tonight." Su Yang smiled.

"So quick?!"

"I don't have much time to spare, after all. I will be back in an hour. Finish packing by then."

Meanwhile, a large crowd gathered outside the Heavenly Massage.

These people were all women, and they were protesting Su Yang's leave....

"Don't leave! The City of Pleasure needs you and your massage parlor!"

"Think this through, Manager!"DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Of course, no amount of protesting could possibly make Su Yang change his mind, so he ignored all of them.

An hour later, Su Yang gathered the three ladies.

"Ready to leave this place once and for all?"

"Wait. What about your Medallion of Pleasure?" Mei Xing asked.

"It's still hanging outside."

"I don't care about the medallion, so I am going to leave it here."

"What?! But that's a very valuable treasure in this city!"

"I know, but I don't intend on coming back to this city anytime soon, and I highly doubt anyone will dare to steal the Medallion of Pleasure, especially when it's out in the open in a city that never rests."

"If you say so, Manager… It's your medallion, after all." Mei Xing nodded.

"I'm ready to leave with you, Manager." Mei Ying said afterward.

"Then let's leave this place, shall we?"

However, due to the large crowd blocking their main entrance outside, Su Yang had to leave the place through the windows in the back of the building.

Xing Aiying also created a concealment formation around them to make their escape smoother.

Sometime later, they left the City of Pleasure.

"Wow… So this is the world outside the City of Pleasure? It's so… bland?" Mei Xing mumbled in a dumbfounded voice.

This is her first time leaving the City of Pleasure since her birth.

Compared to the City of Pleasure that is filled with colorful lights and exciting buildings, the outside world was much bland in terms of colors and environment.

"Even though it's more boring than the City of Pleasure, I feel freer out here because of the spaciousness. In the City of Pleasure, I would always feel cramped. The air out here also smells much fresher than the city that reeks of alcohol and other weird smells."

"Even though I just left the city, I think I prefer the outside world more," she said.

Su Yang smiled and said, "What you're seeing now is only a tiny, tiny portion of what this vast world has to offer. Things will become more exciting as you see more."

"I cannot wait to explore it with you, Manager." Mei Xing smiled back.

"Then let's head to our first destination— the Boundless Yin Yang Sect!"

Su Yang turned around to look at the City of Pleasure with a cold smile on his face.

'I may be leaving the city now, but as long as I continue living in this world, I will make you pay for your sins, Qian Fuju! No matter where you run or hide… I will find you!' Su Yang said inwardly.