Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1007: Arriving at Boundless Yin Yang Sect

"Here, get on this." Su Yang said to the ladies after withdrawing his wooden boat flying treasure.

"This is a wooden boat, Manager. I don't see any water around here." Mei Xing said in a puzzled voice, as she has never seen a flying treasure before.

"You'll understand in a moment." He smiled.

Once everyone was sitting in the wooden boat, Su Yang commanded it to fly towards the sky, shocking Mei Xing.

"Whoa! We are flying! We are really flying, mother!" Mei Xing's eyes glistened like a thousand stars in a starry night.

"Yes, I can see that…" Mei Ying said with a nervous smile on her face as she tightened her grip on the wooden boat.

Su Yang chuckled at her actions and said, "Don't worry, you won't fall even if I flip this thing upside-down. Do you want to see?"

Mei Ying quickly shook her head while Mei Xing did the opposite by nodding her head in anticipation.

Su Yang decided to spare Mei Ying and not flip the boat just to prove a point.

A few hours later, they stopped in front of a city.

"Are we at the sect already?" Mei Xing asked.

"No, we're here for the teleport formation in this city. It will take us really close to our destination."

Once they entered the city, Su Yang led them to the teleport formation.

After paying for their trip, they entered the teleport formation and traveled tens of thousands of miles away almost instantaneously.

A few more hours of flying later, they finally arrived at the Boundless Yin Yang Sect.

Su Yang stared at the sect from a distance with a profound expression on his face.

'Who would've thought that I would return to this place… as a disciple, no less…'

After taking a deep breath, Su Yang approached the sect with the flying treasure.

Moments later, they arrived at the front entrance, where a handsome young man and a beautiful young woman stood guard.

Su Yang could feel their disdained gazes on him before they even landed on the ground.

The Boundless Yin Yang Sect values one's appearances more than ordinary Cultivators due to their sexual nature, and they usually disdain those with inferior looks.

Although Su Yang's disguise isn't ugly by any means, in the eyes of the disciples, he might as well sit beside the trash in the street.

Furthermore, the Boundless Yin Yang Sect has some of the most beautiful women and handsome men in the Four Divine Heavens, so it's very natural for its disciples to have absurdly high standards.

"Hey, this place isn't a garbage dump. Get out of here before you defile this place with your nasty face." The handsome man said to them from a distance.

"Why is he being so rude to us when we haven't even spoken to him yet?" Mei Xing was baffled by the disciple's sudden aggression.

"Don't mind them. They're just a little aggravated because they have to stand guard when they could be cultivating instead." Su Yang smiled.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Did you not hear me, you hideous thing? Get lost before we make you!" The handsome disciple continued to disdain Su Yang as they got closer.

"Calm down, fellow disciple." Su Yang said with a calm smile on his face.

"What did you just call me?" The handsome disciple frowned.

Su Yang didn't say anything else and withdrew the badge Elder Chu had given him and showed it to the disciples there....

The handsome man's eyes widened with shock when he saw the badge.

"T-The Yin Yang Badge of Acceptance?! Why do you have something like that?! Which Sect Elder gave you that?! Aiya! It's such a waste!" He cried out loud a moment later.

Su Yang shrugged and said, "I don't have all day here. Are you going to let us in or what?"

The handsome disciple sucked his teeth in disdain.

Although he wanted to kick him out, he couldn't defy the Yin Yang Badge of Acceptance, as that would be akin to defying the sect.

"The Yin Yang Badge of Acceptance only allows one person to become a disciple, but there's four of you, and one of them is even a child."

"They are my servants. As a disciple of the sect, I am allowed to bring at most four servants with me."

"Che."

The handsome disciple didn't expect Su Yang to know the sect's rules already.

"I will take them to Elder You." The beautiful disciple suddenly said.

She looked at Su Yang and continued, "Follow me."

Su Yang nodded and followed her into the sect.

He took a deep breath the moment he stepped inside the sect.

Unlike normal cultivation sects that are usually filled with spiritual energy, the Boundless Yin Yang Sect was filled with Yin and Yang Qi.

Meanwhile, somewhere in the inner court, Luo Mi and Elder Chu chatted with each other over some tea.

"You were right. That boy is gifted." Elder Chu said.

"Does this mean you gave him the badge?" Luo Mi's eyes flickered with excitement.

"Yes, I did. However, it's not going to be easy for him. While his talents for dual cultivation are very high, he lacks one very important aspect for dual cultivators."

"Are you talking about his appearance?" Luo Mi muttered.

Elder Chu nodded, "He's not ugly by any means, but being ordinary is a crime in the Boundless Yin Yang Sect. I want to see how he'll survive this place if he even does…"

"A lot of disciples in the sect care about looks, but I am not one of these people. I actually think Xiao Yang looks pretty cute, and that feeling only grows stronger the longer you stare at him."

Elder Chu smiled and said, "That's just the effects of dual cultivation. You will find your partner more attractive if he can satisfy you."

"Anyways, when do you think he'll join the sect?" Luo Mi then asked.

"He should be making his way here as we speak if he's not already here," she said.

"Really? The City of Pleasure must be weeping right now." Luo Mi chuckled.

"Alright, I will see you later, Master. Thank you for listening to my request."

Elder Chu shook her head and said, "Don't misunderstand my intentions. I didn't help him for you. I am doing this for the sect and myself."

"Even then, I am still thankful!" Luo Mi left Elder Chu alone shortly after.