Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1008: A New Disciple at the Boundless Yin Yang Sect

"Good evening, Elder. We have a new disciple." The female disciple that took Su Yang into the Boundless Yin Yang Sect brought them to this building that administers the new disciples.

"What? A new disciple? How is that possible? Our disciple examination ended long ago."

A handsome middle-aged man approached them with a puzzled face.

"He got in through the Yin Yang Badge of Acceptance." The female disciple explained the situation to him.

The Elder turned to look at Su Yang and extended his hands out, "Let me see the badge."

Su Yang casually handed the badge to him.

The Elder inspected the badge for a moment.

'This is Elder Chu's badge… Did she really give it to this… thing? Does she really think he's worthy of the sect?' The Elder wondered inwardly.

"Whatever. Give me a few minutes to assign you a residence and get your uniform."

The sect elder left the scene while taking with him Su Yang's badge.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Though, now that he was in the sect, there was no longer a need for the badge.

The sect elder returned a few minutes later and said to the female disciple, "You can return to your post."

He then turned to look at Su Yang and said, "Follow me."

Su Yang nodded and followed this handsome elder to a secluded area in the outer court.

"This will be your residence starting today." The elder tossed Su Yang a storage pouch that contained his house keys, uniforms, and a few other necessities for disciples.

After handing the storage pouch to Su Yang, the elder continued to speak in a voice of disdain, "Let's get something straight."

"First and foremost, even though you have been accepted into the sect as its disciple, you are not truly one of us, so do not consider yourself as one."

"Real disciples enter the sect through the disciple examination. You entered through the back door like a rat. With your qualifications, regardless if it's your capabilities or looks, you would have never made it through the disciple examination."

"Second…"

He turned to look at Mei Ying and the others and grinned, "I would toss away these mortals as soon as possible and find new partners if I were you. They won't benefit you or your cultivation. However, I would also understand why you would want to keep them, as you'll have trouble finding a partner in this place with your appearance."

"Anyways, good luck surviving this place."

The elder turned around and began walking away.

"Oh, one more thing. As your elder, I figured that I should at the very least give you some words of advice."

"You should keep the fact that you have entered this sect with a Yin Yang Badge of Acceptance a secret from the other disciples. They don't treat your kind here very… kindly."

The elder disappeared shortly after leaving behind this warning for Su Yang.

"Manager… I know that we just got here… But I really don't like this place…" Mei Xing looked at him with a worried face.

Su Yang smiled and said, "You'll get used to it."...

He turned to look at the somewhat poorly maintained building in front of him and continued, "Let's go check out our new home."

One glance at this building and anyone could tell that it hasn't been cleaned or maintained for many years. The grass in the front lawn was tall enough to hide Mei Xing while standing. There were vines growing all over the outside walls. However, these aren't even the worst part.

"Manager… There are holes in the roof…" Mei Xing pointed at the large holes on the roof, and there were multiple of them.

"This is cruel. How can they treat a new disciple like this? Aren't you all fellow disciples?" Mei Ying sighed.

"This area of the sect is for the outcasts— the unwanted disciples of the sect." Su Yang said.

Although he has heard a lot about this place in the past, he has never actually been here before.

"I thought the Yin Yang Badge of Acceptance is supposed to be a special privilege. Although this treatment is definitely 'special', it doesn't feel very honorable." Xing Aiying said.

"That's probably because of my looks." Su Yang said with a calm smile on his face.

"This place— the disciples have always had prejudice towards those that were not born with a heaven-crafted face. In a normal cultivation sect, it's usually the weak and less talented ones that are outcast by the more talented disciples. In this place, however, it's those with inferior appearances that are targeted and bullied."

"So what you're saying is… You'll have trouble looking for partners? Now that's something you don't see everyday." Xing Aiying chuckled.

Mei Xing and Mei Ying stared at her with wide eyes, as they couldn't comprehend how she could joke about such an unfortunate situation.

'Why did the Manager abandon the City of Pleasure, where he's safe and respected, for this kind of place that is neither?' Mei Xing wondered to herself.

"Manager, do you have any tools that I can use to clean up this place?" Mei Ying suddenly asked him.

"I don't have any tools for cleaning, so you'll have to use these…" Su Yang handed her a sword and a dagger.

Mei Ying nodded, "As long as I can cut the grass and vines with them."

"I-I want to help too!" Mei Xing quickly volunteered.

"Here. You can cut the grass while I clean the vines that are in higher places." Mei Ying handed Mei Xing the dagger.

"Be careful with it."

"I will!"

[Read latest chapters at Free web novel. com Only]

After getting the dagger, Mei Xing began cutting the tall grass while Mei Ying went to cut the vines off the walls.

"Is this place how you remember it?" Xing Aiying asked him when they were alone.

"Exactly how I remember it." Su Yang smiled.

"Well, what are you going to do now?"

"Just like that elder had suggested— I should find myself some partners."

"And how are you going to achieve that?"

"Who knows. I will think of something once we clean up this place." He casually shrugged.