Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1009: Eternal Yin Yang Cave

While Mei Xing cut the grass and Mei Ying cleaned the vines off the walls, Su Yang went to fix the holes on the roof.

"Manager, I am done cutting the grass! What should we do with them?" Mei Xing asked him.

Su Yang looked at the mountain of grass neatly piled outside the building. He then created a ball of fire with his alchemy flames before throwing it at the grass from the roof, burning them until there was nothing left.

"I will clean inside the building now!" Mei Xing said before eagerly going inside the building.

However, to her surprise, it was already sparkling clean inside.

"Sorry if you were anticipating cleaning, but I went ahead and cleaned the interior since I was bored." Xing Aiying said.

"Oh… I see… It's fine. I will just help out my mother with the vines."

Mei Xing went to check up on her mother.

"Mother, do you need any help? I am done with the grass."

"No, I just need to finish up this part and I will be done," she said.

"Oh… Then I will just cultivate until you're all finished."

And in just a few hours, Su Yang's poorly maintained residence transformed into something that was actually pleasant to the eyes.

"Now that we have cleaned up the house, let's check out the rooms."

They walked around the house together.

There were three bedrooms, each with its own bathroom, one living room, and one kitchen. It was a simple house without anything fancy, especially the bedrooms, but that was to be expected, as the sect wanted to let the residents decorate the place as they saw fit.

After all, every disciple has their own unique taste in the bedroom along with other stuff.

"Pick whichever room you want." Su Yang said to them.

"We will choose after you pick yours." Mei Ying said.

Su Yang randomly picked one.

"Okay, you can pick now."

He doesn't plan on staying in this place for long so it doesn't matter which room he stays in.

Once everyone picked their room, Su Yang gathered them and said, "Starting today, you cannot leave this area unless I am with you. Although I don't recommend it for your own safety, you can leave the house. Just don't wander too far. For reference, if you cannot see the house with your bare eyes, you have gone too far."

"You can do whatever you want while you are in this house. Any questions?"

Mei Xing raised her hand and asked, "What is our job now?"

Su Yang smiled and said, "Your job is to act as my servant when you are with me, but while I am away, you can do whatever you want."

"Even if you wish to cultivate all day, I won't mind."

"Then we will take care of maintaining the house while you are away." Mei Ying said....

"If that's what you want to do." He nodded.

Meanwhile, somewhere in the inner court.

"Elder Chu, why did you allow someone like that into the sect? He doesn't qualify. It's like sending a pig to live with the royal family. To be honest, it puts a bad taste in my mouth."

The handsome elder placed Su Yang's Yin Yang Badge of Acceptance onto Elder Chu's desk.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Elder Chu glanced at the badge before looking at the elder and speaking, "If it leaves a bad taste in your mouth, why don't you close your mouth and go elsewhere? The further the better."

"Also, we may be fellow elders, but who are you to question my judgement? Tell me, Elder Tou."

"Anyone can tell that you weren't in your right mind when you gave him the badge just by looking at his face!"

"Why are you so fixated on him, who is just a new disciple, Elder Tou? He's not the only disciple in this sect to have a… Let's just say less-than-ideal appearance with the sect's standard."

"While that may be true, he's the only one that entered the sect through the badge! At least the others have proved themselves through the disciple examination! This Xiao Yang… we don't even know his qualifications!"

"No, that's wrong." Elder Chu calmly stared into his eyes and said, "You mean YOU don't know his qualifications. I know his qualifications very well. Why else would I give him my badge?"

Elder Tou stood there in silence for a few moments before laughing out loud.

"Elder Chu! Don't tell me that you had slept— cultivated with that man?"

She smiled, but she didn't answer his question and instead said, "He's a very talented young man that will influence the dual cultivation world greatly if he's trained properly."

"Hah! You overestimate him! I doubt he'll even be able to find a partner, much less become a proper dual cultivator!"

Elder Chu shook her head and sighed, "And you wonder why I refuse to cultivate with you. You may look pretty on the outside, but your character is disgusting, Elder Tou. You can leave me alone now. I am a busy person."

"Before I leave… Why don't we play a game?"

"A game?" Elder Chu raised her eyebrows.

"Let's have a bet on whether your disciple will become a proper dual cultivator… or will he be expelled from the sect for not being able to acquire an official partner in one year."

In the Boundless Yin Yang Sect, every new disciple is given one year to find a partner. If one fails to find a partner, they will be kicked out from the sect.

However, not just anyone can be considered an official partner, and each disciple can only have a single official partner.

"What will we be betting on?"

"How does our spot in next year's Eternal Yin Yang Cave sound?" Elder Tou suggested.

"Are you serious?" Elder Chu frowned.

"Does it look like I am joking? If you're really that confident in your new recruit, you should accept my challenge without any worries— unless you actually think differently."

Elder Chu narrowed her eyes at Elder Tou, who held a confident smile on his handsome face.