Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1010: The Outcast Triplets

"You want me to bet my entry slot to the Eternal Yin Yang Cave? Keep dreaming, Elder Tou." Elder Chu coldly sneered at his suggestion.

"So it appears that you're not actually confident in your new disciple, which is the opposite of your claims." A mocking smirk appeared on Elder Tou's face.

"This has nothing to do with my confidence in the new disciple. I just don't see why I should play your stupid game."

"Even if the stake was only a single low-grade spirit stone, I still wouldn't give you the satisfaction. Now you may leave."

"Whatever. You'll regret wasting your precious badge on that disciple." Elder Tou shrugged his shoulders as he left the place.

Elder Chu rubbed her temples in a slightly stressful manner.

"Xiao Yang… You're going to have it hard in this sect, but if you survive, you will become a powerful dual cultivator."RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Back at Su Yang's residence, Xiao Mei and Xiao Ying stood before the entrance, where Su Yang was getting ready to head outside.

"Manager, where are you going this late? The sun is already setting." Xiao Mei asked him.

"I'm going to look for a cultivation partner now. It might be a little late, but you must take advantage of every moment you get to increase your cultivation. Life is shorter than you think."

Mei Xing nodded and said, "Then I will also work on my cultivation while you're away!"

"That's what I like to hear." Su Yang smiled.

Mei Xing ran back to her room shortly after.

"Here, take this." Su Yang handed a storage pouch to Mei Ying.

And he continued, "There are a couple bottles of my Yang Qi inside. You can use it for your cultivation whenever I am away. If you run out, let me know."

"T-Thank you…" Mei Ying accepted the storage pouch.

Although she still hasn't managed to become a dual cultivator, she was making progress.

'I feel like it's a waste of resources on someone talentless like me… But I don't want to disappoint him…' Mei Ying sighed inwardly before returning to her room.

"Please take care of the house and the two of them while I am away." Su Yang said to Xing Aiying, who was silently cultivating in their room.

"Make sure you return at least every other day so that I don't feel like I have wasted my two months of time with you," she said.

"I promise." He nodded before leaving the house.

After leaving the house, Su Yang walked about five steps towards the outer gates before stopping.

"How may I help you guys?" He asked the three young men standing right outside the gates of his home, and they had been standing there for a while now.

"H-Hello! We couldn't help but notice that someone had cleaned this place up that hasn't been occupied for many years, and we were wondering if you're our new neighbor." One of the three young men said to him....

Su Yang silently examined these three young men, paying extra attention to their figures and facial appearances, as they were vastly different from each other.

The first person is a young man with a short and round figure, resembling the first disguise that Su Yang had taken when he first arrived at the Four Divine Heavens, but his face wasn't as unpleasant.

The second person is also a young man, but his figure was the polar opposite of the first person, as his body was as skinny as a stick in comparison, looking like someone who's been malnourished and starved for his entire life. As for his facial appearance, he was quite handsome even for the sect's standard.

The third person there was an exceedingly handsome young man with a tall and slim body. He had the ideal figure and face for this sect, but that only puzzled Su Yang even more.

The fact these three called him their 'neighbor' means they also lived in this area where outcasted disciples such as himself gathered.

The chubby and skinny disciples' presence in this place made sense to Su Yang, but the third disciple didn't look like he belonged in this place, yet here he was, standing with the other two like they were buddies.

"My name is Li Sang." The chubby disciple suddenly introduced himself.

"I'm Ji Ning," said the skinny young man.

"And I'm Wu Bing," said the handsome young man.

"And together, we're called the Outcast Triplets." They said simultaneously before laughing.

"Xiao Yang," Su Yang introduced himself last.

"Disciple Xiao, huh? How long have you been a disciple at the sect?" Li Sang asked him.

"I just got here today," he calmly responded.

"What?! You got tossed into this hellhole after being in the sect for just one day— less than one day?! What did you do?" Ji Ning stared at him with a baffled face.

Wu Bing then spoke, "The disciple examination should have ended last year, so we shouldn't have any new disciples at this time… Unless he entered with the Yin Yang Badge of Acceptance, or he has a really special body. No wonder you got tossed into this place on your first day."

"What? The Yin Yang Badge of Acceptance? I thought only those with a powerful background could receive such a special treatment. How could they treat someone like that as an outcast?" Li Sang asked.

"It's because I don't have any special background that got me tossed into this place." Su Yang said with a calm smile on his face.

"You're not upset? I don't sense any anger from you." Wu Bing raised his eyebrows.

"Not really." Su Yang shrugged, and he proceeded to ask them, "What about you guys? Why are you living here?"

Li Sang pointed at his round body while Ji Ning pointed at his skinny body.

"I'm surprised that you even made it into the sect with that kind of body." Su Yang chuckled.

"Actually… The both of us also entered the sect without taking the disciple examination. However, we didn't use the Yin Yang Badge of Acceptance. Despite our appearances, our bodies actually contain a special type of Yang Qi that can be very beneficial and valuable for dual cultivation, so we were allowed to join the sect." Li Sang explained their situation to Su Yang.

"A special Yang Qi, huh? That makes sense…" He nodded.