Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1011: Square of Devotion

"What about you, Disciple Wu? You don't look like someone that should be an outcast." Su Yang looked at the handsome young man.

"Hahaha… I get that a lot…" Wu Bing laughed out loud.

And he continued, "Well, long story short, I cannot get my sword up, so here I am."

Su Yang raised his eyebrows after hearing such words.

Wu Bing cannot get his sword up? His situation reminds Su Yang of his own in the Profound Blossom Sect.

No matter how handsome a man may look, if they cannot get their sword up, meaning they are impotent, they will be regarded as useless in a dual cultivation sect.

Su Yang's experience in the Profound Blossom Sect is proof of such saying.

Even though he's exceedingly handsome with no equals, he was still unable to find a partner in the Profound Blossom Sect that is mostly filled with mortals because of his condition.

And if someone like Su Yang cannot find a partner in the Profound Blossom Sect, one can forget about ever finding one in a place like the Boundless Yin Yang Sect.

"Anyways, where are you going right now, Disciple Xiao?" Li Sang asked him a moment later.

"I'm going to find myself a partner," he calmly responded.

The Outcast Triplets' eyes widened with surprise.

"You're already looking for a partner on your first day at the sect? You're a hardworking one…"

"I don't want to discourage you, but once you become a resident at this place… It's almost impossible to find a partner."

"Right? The moment your partner realizes you live here, they will immediately break up with you."

"Though, he can try to hide the fact he lives here by cultivating only at her place…"

"But that will also have its own complications…"

The Outcast Triplets mumbled to each other.

"Don't worry, I have my own tricks." Su Yang said to them.

"Do you know where to go? It's your first day here, right?" Wu Bing asked him.

"It may be my first day here, but it's not my first time here," he said with a profound smile.

The Outcast Triplets exchanged glances with each other....

Su Yang's words implied that he has been to the sect before, but entering the sect as a guest requires a powerful background, and Su Yang didn't appear to be someone who has such a thing.

"Anyways, I am leaving now. See you guys later." Su Yang waved at them before leaving the place.

The Outcast Triplets mumbled to each other as they watched Su Yang's back slowly disappear into the distance.

"Do you think he will be able to find a partner?" Li Sang asked.

"He might have a chance if he wasn't a resident in this place… If you pair this fact and the fact that he has an ordinary appearance, it would be a miracle if he can find a partner…" Li Sang sighed.

"Well, I wish him the best of luck. He has three years to find a partner before getting kicked out of the sect." Wu Bing said.

"Speaking of getting kicked out… We've already been here for a year without any partners. If we don't find one within the next two years, do you think they will kick us out?"

"I doubt it. They made us join the sect because of our valuable Yang Qi. If we don't find a partner, they will just make us into the sect's Yang Qi slaves…"DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The Outcast Triplets trembled in fear upon imaging themselves as Yang Qi slaves, as they will be treated like animals for the rest of their lives, just like how humans raise chickens for their eggs, the Boundless Yin Yang Sect will raise them purely for their Yang Qi.

Meanwhile, after Su Yang left the Outcast Triplets, he walked in a straight line until he arrived at this massive square, where hundreds of disciples could be seen lingering there.

Most of them were casually standing there while looking around, almost like they were searching for someone. The rest of them were walking around and speaking to those standing there, almost like they were asking for directions or something.

"Boundless Yin Yang Sect's Square of Devotion… Never thought I'd come to this place to look for a partner…" A weird smile appeared on Su Yang's face as he gazed upon the square and the people there.

The Square of Devotion is where most disciples that do not have a partner go to look for one, and it is a hotspot for both new and old disciples that have just joined the sect.

Furthermore, since most people join the sect as virgins, there will also be experienced disciples who come here for their pure Yin or Yang Essence.

The last disciple examination was a year ago, so most of the new disciples have already found their partner by now, but there will always be those new disciples that are very picky when it comes to their partner, so they are still alone.

Su Yang scanned the Square of Devotion for potential partners. Although it's important to find a maiden who still has her Pure Yin Essence intact, it wasn't a requirement for him, and he only wanted someone around his cultivation so that he could efficiently cultivate.

Fortunately for him, there were many candidates there, as most of these disciples are around the Sovereign Spirit Realm and the Divine Spirit Realm.

Unfortunately, he was no longer the handsome Su Yang that could get any woman with a single glance.

"Hmm? What's that group doing over there? Are they all trying to court the same person? You don't see this kind of scene often in this place." Su Yang was intrigued by the group of men trying to court a single person.

Although he could not see this person because of the group of men, he could imagine what kind of woman could gather such a crowd.

And being Su Yang, who likes a good challenge, he began approaching the crowd.