Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1012: Breathtaking Beauty

"Fairy Fei, I am Yu Chinghai, an Inner Court disciple, and I have over a thousand pleasure points. Would you like to share the bedroom with me tonight? I promise you that it'll be the best experience of your life."

"Only a thousand? I have three thousand pleasure points. Come with me and you will be satisfied for life!"

"My father is an elder in the Inner Court. I can guarantee you plenty of resources for your cultivation if you become my partner."

As Su Yang approached the crowd, he overheard these disciples mentioning their 'pleasure points'.

Pleasure points are, in essence, a disciples' popularity and achievements within the Boundless Yin Yang Sect.

These points are mostly earned through events where disciples must compete against each other, and the events are mainly related to dual cultivation.

Furthermore, a disciple can receive pleasure points from elders by doing them favors. Of course, these favors are also related to dual cultivation.

And to make it less exploitable, each elders are only allowed to give out a certain amount of points to a single disciple.

For example, an elder that can give at most 100 points is allowed to give 100 points to a thousand disciples every year.

If a disciple received points from that elder, they can only acquire up to 100 points in their lifetime even if the elder can give out more points after the annual reset.

The more pleasure points a disciple accumulates, the more likely they are to be favored by the sect, and thus, more likely to find partners.

Although one's pleasure point doesn't really indicate one's ability, it does showcase their popularity and influence, something that remains very relevant even in the dual cultivation world.

Once Su Yang was close enough, he took a peek at the female disciple using his spiritual sense.

The female disciple was a remarkably beautiful young woman, even breathtakingly so, but it didn't surprise Su Yang at all.

For there to be so many disciples trying to court her at once, Su Yang expected her to be a peak-quality woman— at least in terms of appearance.

'At least the standards in this place haven't fallen since I left…' Su Yang thought to himself.

"Hey! Can't you losers realize that she's way out of your league? Get out of my way!"

A loud and arrogant voice suddenly resounded, causing everybody there to shift their gazes to the person that just spoke.

"Who the hell are you? How dare you speak to us—"

The disciples around the beautiful female disciple were prepared to curse this newcomer, but when they saw his handsome face and exquisite clothes, they subconsciously closed their mouths....

'A core disciple? In the Square of Devotion? How interesting.' While he didn't recognize the person, Su Yang recognized the robes this person wore, as he also wore such clothes before.

When the other female disciples in the square noticed this core disciple, they swallowed nervously, and a few of them even approached him to offer their bodies to him.

However, this core disciple immediately refused their offers without any hesitation, and he walked in a straight line until he was standing right before the beautiful disciple, who was clearly the most striking and attractive out of everyone in the square.

"I only have you in my eyes, Junior apprentice-sister Fei." The core disciple stood before her with a handsome smile on his face while being surrounded by a confident aura.

This female disciple surnamed Fei glanced at the core disciple in an nonchalant manner and spoke calmly, "Senior apprentice-brother Ran, you have been courting me almost every day for the past year since I joined the sect, and I have rejected you every single time. What makes you think my response will be any different today?"

And without hesitation, almost as though he'd anticipated her question and prepared in advance, he spoke in a clear voice, "It's because I truly believe that we belong together. I am only asking for one chance. If you're not satisfied with me, I will give up."

Meanwhile, the other disciples there mumbled to each other, "I heard that core disciple had left his previous partner to show his dedication for this new disciple."

"What's so special about her, anyway? While I agree that a beauty like her is hard to come by even in a place like this, I don't understand why he's so infatuated with her."

"Rumor is that she has a rare Heavenly Constitution, hence why everyone in the sect is trying to acquire her Pure Yin Essence."

"She's also blessed with a Heavenly Constitution on top of her appearance? How lucky is that slut?" Some of the female disciples there expressed jealousy towards Disciple Fei and justifiably so.

After a moment of silence, Disciple Fei responded to the core disciple, "If you really think that, then you can try again tomorrow. Maybe my response will change then, but my answer for today remains the same— no."

The core disciple closed his eyes and took a deep breath before nodding his head.

"If you say so, I will visit you again tomorrow in hopes for a different response." The core disciple didn't say anything else and disappeared from the square shortly after.

After seeing Disciple Fei reject a core disciple, many men there lost their will to approach her, much less court her. After all, if someone like the core disciple cannot court her, what chances do they have when they're inferior to him in almost every way?

Of course, not everyone gave up, and there were even a couple more core disciples that showed up in the square to court her, but they were all turned away without exception.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

As for Su Yang, he decided to not approach her just yet and simply watched her from a distance, and the more he looked at her, the more this beautiful woman reminded him of another woman he had connections to in the past.

After waiting there for another hour, Disciple Fei, who had enough for the day, suddenly stood up and began walking away from the square.

It was also at this moment that Su Yang finally started moving again, walking in the same direction as Disciple Fei.