Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1014: Su Yang's Pleasure Points

"Senior apprentice-sister Lin, huh…" Su Yang suddenly put on a pondering face after hearing her name, which made her curious.

"Why are you making that face?" She decided to ask him.

"Oh, it's nothing. I am just thinking about your surname, since it sounds very familiar," he said.

Then he came to a realization and continued, "Oh! Do you, by any chance, belong to the Lin Family within Mount Elegance?"

Lin Xinyi showed a surprised face before nodding her head, "Yes. Do you know my family?"

"No wonder why you emit such a strong aura of elegance. It turns out you are from Mount Elegance. And while I do not know your Lin Family, I have heard many good things about them from one of my friends, who happens to know a lot about the Lin Family. In fact, I have heard so much about your Lin Family that it feels like I know them personally now."

"However, this begs the question… Why is someone from the Lin Family in this kind of sect?" Su Yang looked at her with a curious face.

"Well… It's a long story…" She sighed.

Su Yang looked at the sunrise and smiled, "I think we have plenty of time— if you don't mind, that is."

Lin Xinyi subconsciously opened her mouth, but she closed it back a moment later with a hesitant expression on her face.

"If you don't want to tell me, it's fine. I have no business in your affairs, so you don't have to feel bad." Su Yang said to her after seeing her expression.

She nodded, "Thank you. Maybe I will tell you another time."

"Then I shall wait for that day."

After spending thousands of years conquering all types of women in the Four Divine Heavens, Su Yang instinctively knew if he should be aggressive or patient with his target, and in this case, the latter was his choice. Even if his decision ends up losing his target, he has enough experience to not be bothered by such things.

After all, there was no such thing as always winning in life, and this is true even for the most powerful and experienced cultivators in the universe. Everyone will eventually lose.

Su Yang then stood up and said, "I'm going to take a look at the rankings. Do you want to come with me?"

Perhaps it was because she felt bad about what happened earlier, but Lin Xinyi agreed to go with him.

Sometime later, they arrived at another square, but this one had three massive and tall jade tablets in the middle as well as a statue that was located a few hundred meters away.

There were many people gathered around the tablets, all of them looking at the tablets with interest and admiration.

However, there were even more people gathered around the statue that was not too far away, all of them staring at it with respect and love.

Of course, they were all female disciples as well.

Su Yang rubbed his temples when he saw this statue that was clearly him.

'Since when did they put that there? Are they trying to embarrass me even after my death?' He cried inwardly.

"Are you okay?" Lin Xinyi asked him when she noticed his stressful movements....

"Perfectly. Some dust got into my eyes, that's all." He said with a stiff smile.

"Anyways, let's go check out the rankings."

They approached the three jade tablets.

On each of these tablets are the names of the top-ranking disciples alongside their pleasure point.

"Lai Xiu, 1,313,102 pleasure points…"

"Qiao Wei, 1,291,264 pleasure points…"Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Qin Gang, 1,237,818 pleasure points…"

Su Yang read some of the names at the top.

In order to acquire over a million pleasure points, these disciples must have participated in every single event with a good score for over 100 years, as well as acquiring as many pleasure points as they can from every single elder.

However, compared to when he was still a disciple of this sect, they are still nowhere near his highest pleasure points.

Lin Xinyi suddenly mumbled in a low voice, "Su Yang, 696,969,696 pleasure points…"

At the very top of the middle jade tablet, Su Yang's name was engraved into the tablet alongside his pleasure points, unlike the other names that are only temporary.

Su Yang shifted his gaze to her, and he saw a look of fascination and admiration in her eyes.

"Almost a billion pleasure points… How long do you think it took him to acquire so many pleasure points?" Su Yang suddenly asked her.

"I cannot even begin to imagine," she shook her head.

"If you ask me, I think it was given to him by the sect. After all, he didn't have that many pleasure points when he left the sect many thousand years ago," he said.

"Eh? How many points did he have when he left?" Lin Xinyi then asked.

"If I recall correctly, it should be around one hundred million points. If the sect didn't give him the other 500 million, he must have somehow continued to acquire pleasure points even after leaving the sect."

"Let's say the sect gave him the points. Why would they do that?" She continued to ask.

"They probably don't want anyone to surpass him on the tablet in the foreseeable future if ever. I guess it's their way to honor him."

Lin Xinyi smiled for the first time and said, "I don't think anybody will surpass him even if they left his 100 million pleasure points untouched. He's the only widely accepted God of Pleasure to have ever existed in the Four Divine Heavens, after all. When it comes to dual cultivation, he has no equal, whether it be a thousand years from now or a million years."

Seeing the brilliant glint in her eyes, Su Yang smiled, "You sound like you admire him."

She turned to look at him with a solemn face, "Of course! He's the pinnacle of dual cultivators, after all! If you don't respect him at the very least, people would mock you for being a fake dual cultivator!"