Chapter 1018: Perfect Replica of Su Yang’s Dragon

"Follow me." Su Yang said to Lin Xinyi after they entered the third floor of the Treasure Exchange Gallery.

He walked to a specific counter, where a beautiful object was displayed.

"Is this...?" Lin Xinyi’s eyes widened with surprise when she saw the toy in the display case.

Even though she has never seen Su Yang’s little brother before, Lin Xinyi knew at glance that the toy was definitely a replica of his little brother.

Compared to the toy from before, this one was much more refined and perfectly shaped, almost as though it was crafted by the heavens itself.

"Indeed, this is the God of Pleasure’s dragon- a perfect replica of it."

Lin Xinyi swallowed nervously, and she could feel a strong sensation to stick the toy inside her body growing within her.

"Hello, I can tell that you’re interested in this treasure." The person working behind the desk noticed Lin Xinyi’s coveting gaze on the toy and approached them.

Furthermore, with one thousand pleasure points, one could purchase an abundant of treasures that could assist their cultivation, making it really hard to justify such a ridiculous purchase.

"I don’t even have one hundred pleasure points, much less one thousand... It’s too expensive." Lin Xinyi sighed.

"Believe it or not, despite its price, this treasure is actually our best selling treasure on this floor with almost every Inner Court disciple owning one." The woman said.

"Almost every Inner Court disciple?" Lin Xinyi was

left speechless by this information.

How do they justify spending so much pleasure points for this sex toy? Or do they simply treat it as their guilty pleasure?

"I’m sorry, but I don’t have enough pleasure points. Are you accepting any other forms of payments? Like spirit stones." Lin Xinyi then asked.

"Unfortunately, this is the only treasure on this floor that accepts only pleasure points. Although this treasure may be nothing more than a sex toy outside of the sect, it is actually very important with many significances to it within the sect, especially for the female Inner Court disciples."

"For example, female Inner Court disciples that do not own this treasure are ostracized by the other disciples, as most female disciples in the sect are his admirers."

"I-Is that so..." Lin Xinyi mumbled in a dazed voice.

Sometime later, Lin Xinyi left the desk and sighed, "Looks like it will be mandatory to buy one if I want to survive in the Inner Court."

Su Yang chuckled and said, "If you really want one, I can get one for you."

"Huh? Really?" Lin Xinyi looked at him with flickering eyes.

Then she snapped out of it and frowned, "If you’re going to ask me to cultivate with you in exchange..."

Su Yang’s eyes widened with surprise as she spoke, "How could you say such a thing? I had no intention of doing that, nor am I the type of person! I was going to give it to you for free!"

"I-I’m sorry... I had misunderstood you. Please forgive me." Lin Xinyi lowered her head and apologized to him.

"Alright." Su Yang casually nodded.

"Then I am going to buy the materials now. Want to come?" He asked her.

"Materials?" Lin Xinyi raised her eyebrows in a questioning manner.

"The materials to make the replica, of course. How else am I going to get you one? I also don’t have the pleasure points to buy it." FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"You can make those things...?" Lin Xinyi was stumped by this information.

Su Yang showed her a profound smile.

Not many people know this fact, but the first replica of his penis was actually self-made. In other words, he was the one who started this replica craze.

As for his reasoning for doing so, it was quite simple.

He wanted to be able to please women even when he could not be there physically.

Sometime later, Su Yang brought Lin Xinyi back to the second floor, where medicines are sold.

"Let me buy some medicine first. After this, we can go buy the materials." Su Yang said to her before approaching one of the clerks.

"How may I help you?" The woman working behind the desk asked Su Yang.

"I would like to buy the ingredients on this list using spirit stones." He handed her a piece of paper.

"I understand "The woman said as she accented the list.

However, her eyes widened with shock the moment she saw the actual ingredients.

She turned to look at him and asked in a stuttering voice, "Y-You really want these ingredients? T-They are..."

"Don’t worry, I have enough money. Just give me the price."

"Please give me a moment to calculate the amount..."

The woman did a quick calculation after looking at their individual price and said, "The total will be 250 high-grade spirit stones."

"That much?!" Even Lin Xinyi was surprised by the amount, and she became interested in the purpose for these ingredients.