Chapter 1024: Ten Minutes

A few hours have passed since female disciples started gathering in front of Su Yang's living quarters, and the line to challenge him only grew longer as time passed, easily reaching a hundred disciples.

"Hey! Where the hell is this guy? We have been waiting here for hours!" One of the disciples there finally lost her patience and confronted Mei Ying, who had been managing the line this entire time.

"I'm sorry, but the Manager will be here as soon as he's ready..."

"Hmph! He's probably avoiding us on purpose! I knew it was too good to be true! Golden Yin Pill my ass! I bet that he doesn't even have one! Think about it! Why would a man have a Golden Yin Pill? He's just making fun of us!"

"Damn it! I cannot believe that I allowed an outcast to fool me like this! I swear I am going to burn this place down!"

Mei Ying began sweating profusely after hearing these disciples' threats, but there was nothing she could do if they really acted upon it.

"Calm down, ladies."

A calm voice suddenly resounded, causing the disciples there to look at the entrance of the building, where an ordinary looking young man stood.

"I apologize for making you wait this long, but I was a little occupied. In order to compensate for the trouble, I will double the reward, so I will give everyone here two Golden Yin Pills instead of one if I cannot satisfy you." Su Yang said to them with a confident smile on his face.

"I won't believe a word you say until you show me the Golden Yin Pills." Someone there said out loud.

"That's right! Show us the Golden Yin Pill!" A few disciples chanted.

"Very well."

Su Yang nodded before retrieving two small glass bottles from his storage ring.

"Here you go .Two Golden Yin Pills." Su Yang held the golden pills before these disciples.

"I-It's really the Golden Yin Pill..." They muttered in a dazed voice as they glared at these pills with a covering gaze.

All of the disciples there were Outer Court disciples, and the Golden Yin Pills in Su Yang's hands could be what they needed to become Inner Court disciples.

"A-Are you really going to give us these Golden Yin Pills?" One of them asked for confirmation.

"If you're not satisfied by the time you come out, yes." Su Yang nodded.

"So... Who is first?"

"M-Me!" A young lady with short black hair eagerly stepped forward.

"Once again, sorry for the delay. Follow me." Su Yang proceeded to lead this disciple to the backyard, where a bed was set up.

"W-We're going to do it here? In your backyard?" The disciple looked at him with clear disbelief on her face.

"Don't worry, there is a concealment formation surrounding this place. Nobody will see or hear us." Su Yang said.

The disciple was speechless. Even if that was the case, it would still be incredibly awkward to cultivate in such an atmosphere.

However, there was a Golden Yin Pill on the line, so she couldn't just give up.

"How long do we have to do this for?" The disciple asked him as she approached the large bed.

"Ten minutes. If you're not satisfied within ten minutes, I will consider it my defeat." Su Yang said.

"T-Ten minutes?" The disciple turned to look at him with wide eyes.

Even though she felt like she was being underestimated, the disciple endured the feeling of humiliation and didn't complain about the time limit. After all, it would only make things more difficult for her if he increased the time limit.

"Do you have any more questions before we begin?"

The disciple nodded and asked. "How do you decide if I am satisfied or not?"

"If you climax, that will be considered your defeat. How does that sound?"

"Fair enough." The disciple said, agreeing to his terms.

"Very well. Then let's get started."

Su Yang began removing his uniform, and the disciple silently watched until she saw his sword.

"T-That's..." The disciple swallowed nervously when she saw how large and majestic Su Yang was down there. In fact, the disciple forgot about the Golden Yin Pill the moment she saw Su Yang's sword, and she could only think about how his dragon would feel inside her body.

Once Su Yang was fully naked, he approached the disciple and stopped right in front of her.

"The timer will begin once our body makes contact." Su Yang said to her.

The disciple nodded her head in a dazed manner, and after a moment of silence, she lowered her body until she was kneeling on the ground.

She took a deep breath with her face right in front of Su Yang's raging dragon, breathing in a strong and profound scent that immediately caused her body to heat up with passion.

She grabbed the stiff rod a moment later and opened her mouth.

Su Yang closed his eyes and quietly enjoyed the sensation of the disciple's warm and soft mouth.

A few minutes later, without Su Yang even lifting a finger, the disciple was already dripping wet downstairs.

When there was less than a minute left, Su Yang carried the disciple onto the bed before spreading her legs wide open.

A river of love juice flowed from the disciple's cave as Su Yang poked the entrance of her cave.

"Are you ready?" He asked her with a devilishly handsome smile on his face.

"I-I am..." The disciple quickly nodded her head, her almost pleading him to insert it already.

Su Yang wasted no more time and inserted his thick rod inside the disciple's body, spreading her cave wide open as his rod burrowed to the end of the tunnel.

"Heavens!" The disciple exclaimed right before she gasped in shock.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Su Yang suddenly felt something wet spraying all over his body. He didn't even need to look to know that the disciple had climaxed just from his entrance.

However, he didn't stop despite the disciple's loss and continued to thrust his rod into her body until all ten minutes were used up.