Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1025: This Is So Free!

"I think it's fair to say that I won this one, right?" Su Yang said to the disciple at the end of their session, who was twitching on the bed like a fish on land, her lower cave still gushing with Yin Qi.

"F-Five..." The disciple uttered in a low voice.

"Five?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows.

"Five more minutes... please..." The disciple looked at him with a pleading gaze.

"I would love for our session to continue, but there is a long line of disciples waiting outside. If you wish to continue, you may visit this place again in the future."

Although she was reluctant to leave after experiencing such a delightful session with Su Yang, the disciple could only bite her lips and leave for now.

"Can you do me a favor and tell the next disciple in line to come inside?" Su Yang asked the disciple as she reached the door.

The disciple nodded her head and left without saying another word.

"He's ready for the next disciple." The disciple said once she returned to the line outside his house.

"How was it? Did you acquire the Golden Yin Pills?" The next disciple in line asked her.

However, the disciple that just experienced for herself Su Yang's godlike techniques only lowered her head and walked away with a defeated look on her face, leaving the other disciples speechless.

"She actually lost to that nobody? Looks like I will be the one to claim those Golden Yin Pills!" The next disciple in line entered the building with a smile on her face.

"I am in the backyard." Su Yang's voice resounded in the disciple's head when she entered his house.

'The backyard? What's he doing there?' The disciple wondered to herself as she made her way to the backyard.

Since most buildings in the Outer Court had the same layout, the disciple found the backyard with ease.

However, her jaw dropped to the ground when she entered the backyard and saw Su Yang sitting on the bed.

Of course, he was still naked, and his sword was pointing straight at the heavens.

The disciple swallowed nervously when she saw his grand sword.

"Welcome." Su Yang turned to look at her with a handsome smile on his face.

And he continued, "Don't worry, we're within a concealment formation."

"If you're not comfortable with the scenery, I can change it."

Su Yang snapped his fingers, and the surrounding space began turning black until it was completely dark.

Small lights began flickering in the background a moment later.

The disciple looked around with a dazed face, feeling as though she was suddenly in the starry sky.

After snapping out of her daze, the disciple said, "As impressive as your body and the background look, I am not here to have fun."

"Fair enough." Su Yang nodded.

"Ten minutes. If you do not climax within the time limit, I will consider it your victory, and you'll receive two Golden Yin Pills. The timer will begin when our body makes contact."

"Deal." The disciple immediately responded.

"Ten minutes? Haha! This is so free!" The disciple laughed inwardly as she approached Su Yang and the bed.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Once she was by the bed, she removed her clothes and laid beside Su Yang.

"Go ahead. Let me see the reason behind your arrogance." The disciple said to him.

Su Yang didn't say anything and merely continued to smile as his hands gently caressed her flawless body that was like a work of art.

"W-What the hell is going on? Why is my body reacting already? He's just casually caressing my body!' The disciple was in disbelief when she could feel her body heating up just from being touched by Su Yang.

A few minutes later, when she could no longer endure just being caressed, the disciple lifted her head and stared at Su Yang with a frown on her face, "Are you going to do something, or are you just going to feel my body? If you don't want the Golden Yin Pills that badly, I can take them off your hands right now."

Despite her words, the disciple just wanted Su Yang to do something more intense with her body, as she could only endure his teasing for so long.

"Sorry, your body was so beautiful that I dozed off while admiring it." Su Yang said to her with a handsome smile on his face.

The disciple blushed after hearing his words.

Su Yang began poking her cave with his rod shortly after.

"Are you ready?" He asked her.

The disciple immediately nodded her head with a lustful expression.

Su Yang nodded and plunged his hips at the disciple's slit, shoving his rod deep inside her soaking wet cave.

"Aaaah~!"

The disciple released a loud moan at the sensation of her cave being split wide open by Su Yang's thick rod.

'This is... too much!' The disciple cried inwardly, but she didn't tell Su Yang to stop.

In fact, she even started moving her hips on her own accord.

The disciple's little sister began gushing with Yin Qi after just a few thrust, but she didn't care and continued to move her hips.

At the end of their session, the disciple climaxed a total of 21 times, which is a record that she might not beat for a very long time.

"You... What is your name, again?" The disciple asked Su Yang before leaving.

"Xiao Yang."

"I will remember your name. Remember mine too, because we'll be seeing each other again." The disciple said before introducing herself.

Once she left the building, the other disciples began asking her the same question she asked the previous disciple.

"Did you acquire the Golden Yin Pills?" They asked her.

The disciple shook her head and said in a low voice, "Don't underestimate him….. In fact, forget about the pills and just enjoy your time with him or you'll regret it at the end.""Regret?" The disciples looked at her with wide eyes.

However, the disciple didn't explain any further and left the other disciples wondering the meaning behind her words, something they would eventually understand.