Chapter 1026: Fill Me Up

After spending an entire day cultivating with the female disciples that were eyeing his Golden Yin Pills, Su Yang stopped accepting more guests.

"I'm really sorry for this, but I need to get some rest after cultivating for so long. I should've announced this earlier, but I will only be accepting guests every other day from sunrise to sundown." Su Yang said to the disciples that were still waiting outside.

"What? Then what are we supposed to do? We have been waiting out here for an entire day!" One of the disciples there complained.

"Don't worry, you'll all eventually get your turn. Everyone will only get a chance each month to try and obtain the Golden Yin Pill, after all." Su Yang said, subtly telling everyone there that nobody would be able to acquire the Golden Yin Pill since they will all get a turn.

"I will see you all later. Once again, I apologize for the inconvenience."

After bowing to the disciples, Su Yang went back inside the house.

"Unbelievable... He really left us out here..." One of the disciples muttered.

"I mean, you cannot really blame him. Not many new Outer Court disciples have the stamina to cultivate an entire day without rest." Another disciple said, defending Su Yang.

"Well, you ladies can leave if you want. I'll stay here. It's only a day. I'll be the one to acquire the Golden Yin Pill!" Someone else said with enthusiasm.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Meanwhile, inside the house, Xing Aiying was crying from laughter, "You're too tired after cultivating for an entire day? It's a good excuse, but it's too funny, coming from someone like you."

"Forget about a day, you can cultivate for a month without running out of stamina."

Visit for a better_reading experience

"Yes, but they don't know that, and they shouldn't." Su Yang chuckled.

"So... why did you really tell them that you needed a break?" She then asked.

"I am not doing this purely because I need their Yin Qi. I also want to spread my reputation. And... I can't spend all of my time with other women when my own wife is in the bedroom, right?"

Xing Aiying chuckled, "You're thinking too much about me so much so that I feel like I am being a burden to you."

"Huh? What-"

"Shhh..."

Xing Aiying suddenly sealed Su Yang's mouth with her finger, and she continued, "I know you want to 'compensate' me and the others for the two thousand years that you have been gone, but trust me, we know better. We're no longer the weak little girls that we used to be. We can wait a few more years. After all, we have waited for 2,000 years already."

"Aiying..."

"Darling, I'm going to leave earlier than scheduled, and I am going to tell the others to wait a little longer before they come see you. This is for the best. We want the best for you." Xing Aiying said with a gentle smile on her face.

Su Yang opened his mouth, but no words came out.

"Can you do me one favor before I leave, darling?"

Updated_at

"Anything."

"Fill me up."

Su Yang chuckled, "It'd be my pleasure."

He quickly stripped his clothes and entered the bed with Xing Aiying for the rest of the day and the following day.

"You don't have to do this, you know. You're not a burden to me. I want you to be here." Su Yang said to her afterward.

"Darling... No, Su Yang. How long do you think I have known you for? And I am not counting the time I've spent with you before you gave me your Family Seal. Just forget about us for now and focus on your goal... Like you always have."

Su Yang closed his eyes and took a deep breath, "Alright. I will do my best to accomplish my goals as soon as possible and return to you all."

"By the way, I left behind a few gifts for you." "What did you leave behind?"

"I will let you figure that out by yourself. See you later, darling." She smiled.

Xing Aiying left the place shortly after giving Su Yang a passionate kiss on the lips.

After taking a deep breath, Su Yang left his room to greet the disciples waiting for him outside.

The source of this_chapter;

"Sorry to keep you all waiting." Su Yang greeted them with a wide smile on his face before taking them into his bedroom that is now empty.

Meanwhile, Xing Aiying went straight back to the Lonely Fairies' Refined Palace after leaving Su Yang's side.

"Huh? Sister Aiying? Why are you back already? You should still have some time left with Su Yang. Did something happen? Did you even meet him?" The others asked her.

"No, nothing happened. I met with darling alright."

"Then why did you return? It hasn't been two months since you left."

"As much as I hate to say this, I would only be a burden to him if I stayed with him any longer. I have also returned to advise you all to delay your visit with him. He's busy right now."

"You... You came back here after visiting him to tell us to not visit him?"

"I am not telling you to not see him. I am telling you all the wait. Trust me, he cannot focus on his objective with us around him, and the longer it takes for him to achieve his objectives, the long it will take for us to reunite... properly."

The others exchanged perplexed looks with each other. As much as they wanted to see Su Yang, they also didn't want to feel like a burden to him.

"I have a suggestion." Luo Ziyi suddenly stepped forward.

And she continued, "I agree with Sister Aiying. If we're with him, he won't be able to focus on his objective, which will only delay our true reunion. However, if he doesn't know you're there, he won't lose focus.

You can_find the rest of this_content on the platform.

Therefore, if you still want to meet him, I suggest keeping your identity a secret. This way, you will be able to see him without making him lose focus. It'll be like a game. What do you think of this idea, sisters?"