Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1027: Sacred Empress

"Meeting him without letting him know our real identities, huh? This sounds fun. I approve of it." Qian Yun'er said.

"I'll also approve of it." Mei Lingling nodded.

"I think we should add some penalties so that we will take it seriously." Ji Xiaofan suddenly suggested.

And she continued, "How about this? If he finds out your true identity, you'll have to immediately return home and lose whatever time you have left with him."

"That's quite harsh... But I approve of it." Jia Jinghua said.

"That's fine and all, but what if someone decides to cheat?" Wang Yunxuan asked.

"It's not like we can really enforce this rule, so it'll be up to our own integrity." Yu Ning said.

"Then it's settled." Luo Ziyi said.

Sometime later, Wang Yunxuan said, "Sister Ziyi, the Sacred Empress has asked for your presence at the Sacred Palace."

"The Sacred Empress? Did she tell you what she wanted from me?"

"No, but it's probably about Su Tianying. Although I got permission to let him remain in the Sacred Lands, it's only temporary."

The latest_epi_sodes are on_the website.

"I see... I will speak with her." Luo Ziyi nodded.

"By the way, how are the new sisters doing in the sect?"

"They're adapting quite nicely, and they're all progressing steadily with their cultivation, especially Qiuyue. Being in the mortal world must've really halted her growth." Wang Yunxuan said.

"Sister Chuxiao, how about your search for the other sisters?" Luo Ziya turned to look at Tang Chuxiao, who was not in charge of training the new disciples, so she was tasked with finding their fellow sisters that scattered across the Divine Heavens.

"Nothing yet, but I should have something soon. I hired one of the best investigators for this job, after all."Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Let me guess... You hired Mu Yuechan..."

"Was it that obvious?"

"If anybody can locate them, it's her..." Luo Ziyi smiled.

"Anyways, I'm going to meet with the Sacred Empress now. I should be back soon."

Luo Ziyi left the sect shortly after and made her way to the Sacred Palace.

"Greetings, Senior Luo. The Sacred Empress is anticipating your arrival. Please standby for a moment while I notify her of your arrival." A female guard greeted her.

A few moments later, she said, "Please follow me. I will bring you to the Sacred Empress."

Visit for a better_reading experience

Luo Ziyi nodded silently and followed her into the palace.

Sometime later.

"The Sacred Empress is waiting for you inside." The guard stopped before a massive door.

Luo Ziyi opened the door and entered the room without hesitation.

Upon entering, she could see a figure standing beside one of the windows on the other side of the long room.

"It's been a while, Sect Master Luo." The Sacred Empress turned to look at her with a friendly smile.

"Hello, Sacred Empress. Sorry I couldn't be there at the last meeting. I was busy with some personal business."

"I know. In fact, the entire Lonely Fairies' Refined Palace seems to have become more active recently. Did something happen?"

"Yes, but it's not a problem." . ᴄᴏᴍ

The Sacred Empress silently stared at Luo Ziyi's face.

"Whatever happened, I'm glad it did. You seem a lot happier and passionate now, almost like you'd returned to your prime days." The Sacred Empress smiled.

"Is it that obvious?" Luo Ziyi touched her face, and there was a gentle smile on it that she wasn't aware of until now.

New_chap_ters are pub_lished on

"Does it have anything to do with the baby? The boy." The Sacred Empress suddenly asked.

"Yes, it does." Luo Ziyi responded truthfully.

"Did you say that to make things difficult for me, or are you really..." The Sacred Empress narrowed her eyes at Luo Ziyi, seemingly trying to understand her intentions.

"You know men are not allowed to enter the Sacred Lands- even if they are just babies. I allowed him to stay temporarily because Elder Wang was incredibly emotional about the boy for some reason."

"Can you tell me what is so special about that boy? Elder Wang didn't give me any specifics, nor did I ask for them, as she looked troubled."

"I don't mind telling you since we owe you that much for all of your hospitality for our Su Family, but his background is a really delicate matter. Sacred Empress, I trust you, but if the truth about the boy is revealed, it might start a war, so I have to ask you...

Can you keep this a secret?"

The Sacred Empress was speechless. She couldn't comprehend why the baby's identity could possibly start a war, nor why or how Luo Ziyi had involved herself in this mess.

"Tell me." The Sacred Empress said after creating a concealment formation around them.

Luo Ziyi nodded with a serious expression, and after taking a deep breath, she spoke in a slow but clear voice, "That baby is Su Yang's son."

"WHAT?!"

Almost as though a sudden bolt of lightning had struck her from the heavens, the Sacred Empress suddenly lost her balance and began staggering backwards.

Foll_ow current_novel on

"D-D-Did you just say... S-Su Yang's son...?" She asked for confirmation in a trembling voice. "Yes. He's Su Yang's son." Luo Ziyi confirmed.

"I-Impossible! How is that even possible?! Su Yang's been dead for 2,000 years!" The Sacred Empress refused to believe it. said, "I want to see this boy- to see Su Yang's son. If you can do that for me, I will let him stay in the Sacred Lands permanently."

Luo Ziyi nodded with a smile, "Thank you. Sacred Empress. Come to our sect tomorrow and I will let you see him."