Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1029: illegally

"You know, I knew Su Yang would eventually make a mistake, especially when you consider how many women he's cultivated with. After all, no matter how much control he had over his Yang Qi, nothing is perfect." The Sacred Empress sighed as she stared at the bright sky.

"What are your plans for the baby?" She turned to face Luo Ziyi.

"I don't know yet. We'll probably keep his identity a secret until he's strong enough to protect himself. I can only imagine how many people would try to kill him if they learned of this true identity." Luo Ziyi shook her head.

"As long as he remains in the Sacred Lands, I swear upon my title of Sacred Empress that I will let no harm come to him."

"Thank you, Sacred Empress."

"By the way, I have a question for you." Luo Ziyi said.

"What is it?"

"As the Sacred Empress, you can only give exemption to a single person, even if that person perishes, am I correct?"

The Sacred Empress stared at Luo Ziyi for a moment before nodding in a calm manner, "That's right."

"I know you already gave that exemption to Su Yang, so does this mean..."

"Yes, I am allowing the child to live here... illegally. Therefore, even if I approved of it, you shouldn't let the others in the Sacred Lands find out about his existence."

"Hopefully, you have plans for him outside the Sacred Lands once he's mature enough. I don't mind letting him shelter in the Sacred Lands until the end of time, but you know that's not really possible, especially considering the child's background."

Luo Ziyi nodded, "Don't worry, he'll Sacred Lands before you even know it." out of the

The Sacred Empress nodded, and then she spoke after a moment of silence, "Now I have a question for you."

Foll_ow new_episo_des on the platform.

"Do you think I can visit him once in a while?"

"Of course." Luo Ziyi said with a gentle smile on her face.

"Thank

you.

Then I will see you later."

The Sacred Empress left the sect shortly after.

However, she would return the following day to visit Su Tianying.

Unbeknownst to Luo Ziyi, when the Sacred Empress said 'once in a while', she meant as often as possible.

Thus, the Sacred Empress would continue to visit the Lonely Fairies' Refined Palace almost every day for a few minutes, sometimes even multiple times a day.

In the blink of an eye, an entire week passed.

At the Boundless Yin Yang Sect, after a week of business, Su Yang's fake name, Xiao Yang, had spread throughout the entire Outer Court, and almost every female disciple had heard of his little game by now.

The line outside Su Yang's living quarters at the Outrast Peak was langer than ever with over a hundred disciples in line.

"Good work today, Manager." Mei Ying said to him at the end of the day.

"Thank you. How's Mei Xing doing?" He asked.

New novel_chap_ters are published here:

"She's been cultivating diligently for the past week. I think she's close to a breakthrough- at least that's what she told me."

"Oh, that's great. What about you? Are you tired? Everyone is already familiar with my practice, so you don't really need to manage the line any longer."

"I know, but I still want to do it. I don't know why, but I really enjoy working for you, Manager."

Su Yang smiled at her words.

"By the way, Manager, I haven't seen your friend in a while. Is she okay?" Mei Ying suddenly asked about Xing Aiying.

"Oh, she had some business at home, so she left a week ago." Su Yang casually said.

"I see... I apologize if I am being too noisy."

"No you're fine "

Sometime later, Su Yang invited Mei Ying into his room to cultivate.

While they cultivated, the disciples outside remained in line.

"It's already been a week, but nobody has been able to acquire the Golden Yin Pill from Disciple Xiao. I'm beginning to wonder if it'll even be possible." The disciples outside chatted with each other as they waited, as they had plenty of time.

"Just who is Disciple Xiao? He said that he'd worked in the City of Pleasure, right? Are all masseurs in that place as talented as Disciple Xiao?"

"I did some research on him, and according to the results, Disciple Xiao's massage parlor wasn't an ordinary one. His store had a Medallion of Pleasure, which is incredibly important in that city."

"Medallion of Pleasure, huh? No wonder why he's so good."

The latest_epi_sodes are on_the website.

"However, no matter how good he is, he isn't at the Boundless Yin Yang Sect's level. Someone will eventually beat him."

"When do you think the Inner Court disciples will start appearing to challenge him?" Someone suddenly asked.

"Inner Court disciples? They wouldn't go out of their way to come here for a mere Golden Yin Pill."

"Really? The Golden Yin Pill will benefit even Inner Court disciples, though."

"They might approach him if he was an Inner Court disciple, but since he's an Outer Court disciple, as well as an Outcast, I doubt anybody would approach him. Only desperate people like us would be willing to show up."

"D-Desperate? Watch your mouth! I am definitely not desperate!" A disciple exclaimed.

"I'm not even here for the Golden Yin Pill! I just want to experience his techniques for myself after hearing about it from my friend!" Another disciple said.

"You too? I'm here for the experience as well!"

The following day, Su Yang left the house earlier in the morning.

"Where are you going, Disciple Xiao?" The disciples outside asked him.

"The Yin Yang Hot Spring," he calmly responded.

"Oh? Should I accompany you? It's been a while since I've been there." One of them offered.

"If you want." Su Yang nodded.

"Then I will come as well!"

New novel_chap_ters are published here:

"Me, too!"FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

About a dozen Outer Court disciples willingly left their spot in line to follow Su Yang to the Yin Yang Hot Springs.