Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1030: Yin Yang Hot Springs

The Yin Yang Hot Springs is a popular location within the Boundless Yin Yang Sect. It's a place where disciples of all ranks can gather to soak in an outdoor hot spring filled with spiritual water to relax their bodies.

However, that's not the main reason why most disciples visit the Yin Yang Hot Springs.

The Yin Yang Hot Springs is actually mixed-gender, meaning that both men and women will bathe in the same place.

The main purpose of the Yin Yang Hot Springs is to let the disciples show off their body.

If a female disciple sees a male disciple with a sword that's their ideal length, they could approach the male disciple and ask if they want to cultivate later.

As for the male disciples, they often look for female disciples with their desired body type.

The reason Su Yang wanted to visit the Yin Yang Hot Springs was a simple one.

He wanted to show the disciples his perfect sword. In other words, he was there to brag with a purpose.

"The Golden Yin Pills isn't good enough to attract the Inner Court disciples. I will need something more attractive if I want to start cultivating with them.'

Sometime later, Su Yang and his followers arrived at the Yin Yang Hot Springs.

The hot spring itself was as large as a lake but only had a depth of a meter, and there were already hundreds of disciples soaking in the water.

This_content is taken from

"It's been a while since I've visited this place. Is this your first time here, Disciple Xiao?" One of the disciples asked him as she removed her clothes and placed them neatly outside the hot spring.

"Yes, it's my first time here." Su Yang nodded as he started disrobing.

Gasps could be heard from the female disciples a moment later when they saw the majestic sword between Su Yang's legs.

'It's not even hard and it's already this big...'

The female disciples swallowed nervously after seeing Su Yang's sword. It was also at this moment that these disciples realized why Su Yang was so popular with the Outer Court disciples despite having such an ordinary face.

Su Yang pretended to not notice them and calmly walked towards the hot spring.

Seeing this, the female disciples immediately followed him and entered the hot spring with him shortly after.

Once he'd picked the perfect spot, Su Yang submerged his body into the warm water, and the female disciples followed him, sitting around him.

"Disciple Xiao, why did you decide to join the Boundless Yin Yang Sect?" One of them suddenly asked him.

"I've lived a solitary life because I wanted to become a scholar, but when that path didn't work out, I decided that I no longer wanted to be alone, so I came to this place. "liƍɦtƞσνelpʋb.cσm" Of course, my initial plan was to become the best masseur in the world, but when I was offered to become a disciple of the Boundless Yin Yang Sect, I couldn't refunce"

"I see... Then where did you learn to become a masseur? Don't you need a lot of training to become a half decent one?" Another disciple asked. can_find the rest of this_content on the platform.

"My family has a lot of laborers, so I massaged them during my free time, and before I was aware, I'd become quite skilled at it." Su Yang smiled.

Sometime later, one of the female disciples suddenly started chuckling.

"What's so funny?" Su Yang asked.

The disciple then pointed at his sword that was poking out of the water.

"Ah, this? I cannot help it. I tried to keep it under control, but no matter where I look..." smiled. Su Yang

There were naked breasts in all directions, and they were so close to him. Of course, Su Yang could easily control his lust even if there were a million naked fairies before him. He was doing it on purpose so that he wouldn't appear too experienced around women.

"It's a pity that we're not allowed to cultivate while in the Yin Yang Hot Springs, or I would help you relieve your stress." One of them said.

"Oh? Why can't we cultivate here? Are they afraid that we would taint the spiritual water with our Qi?" Su Yang asked.

"Who knows. It's been a rule since forever." They shrugged.

Su Yang then pointed at the other disciples there.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Then why are they all walking around like they are trying to show off their body? They're all wandering the hot springs without any shame. I have never seen anything like this before."

You can_find the rest of this_content on the platform.

"Huh? You don't know? Then why did you come here?" They asked him.

"I heard that this was a popular hot spring, so I figured that I could relax here." Su Yang said.

"While some people come here to relax, most disciples come here to look for partners."

"The reason they're wandering the hot spring like that is because they want to be seen and be approached."

"Wow, is that so? I never knew. To think such a place exists. The Boundless Yin Yang Sect is truly something special." Su Yang mumbled.

"You should try it, Disciple Xiao! With your body, you'll definitely attract plenty of female disciples!" "You think so?" Su Yang said with a not-so-confident look on his face.

"Don't underestimate yourself, Disciple Xiao. You have a very fine-looking brother down there. If not for the rules of this place, I would've already asked for your permission to ride it!"

Another disciple then said, "If you don't want to do it, you can come to my room instead. I'll give you all the attention you want."

Su Yang smiled and said, "You know what? Since I am already here, I might as well try it. I just need to walk around, right?"

"No, you can't treat it like a walk in the park! You must walk with confidence and with a purpose! Also, try to keep your brother as stiff as possible!"

"Okay, I'll try." Su Yang nodded and stood up, revealing the entirety of his sword to the female disciples, leaving them speechless.

This_content is taken from

After taking a deep breath, he started walking around the hot spring with his dragon out in the open for the whole world yo witness its grandness.