Chapter 1031: Fake Body

"H-Hey, who is that disciple?"

"Huh? Who?"

"Over there! The one with the magnificent penis!"

The female disciples there quickly took notice of Su Yang's overwhelming presence with his massive dragon sticking out.

"Heavens! How can someone with such an ordinary face have such an extraordinary body?! If only he was slightly more handsome!"

"That would be illegal. Imagine having a handsome face and a perfect body. The heavens wouldn't allow it."

"Look at how stiff his penis is! It's not making any unnatural movements even though the rest of the body is moving! How graceful!"

Eventually, even the male disciples there took notice of Su Yang's immense presence.

"Fuck... That has to be fake."

"Who is that disciple? I don't recognize him."

"Me neither, and that only makes him look more suspicious!"

"He probably consumed a pill and changed his appearance down there."

As more and more disciples noticed Su Yang's presence, some of the female disciples there approached him out of curiosity, and some out of doubt.

"What's your name?"

"I'm Xiao Yang."

New_chap_ters are pub_lished on

"I don't recognize you. Is this your first time at the Yin Yang Hot Springs?"

"Yes, it is."

"How long have you been in the sect?"

"No long, I just joined the sect a couple of weeks ago."

"So you're our Junior apprentice-brother." "Hey, is that thing between your legs real?"

Su Yang smiled and said, "Would you like to check for yourselves?"

One of the female disciples there shamelessly agreed to his suggestion and started touching his sword. "Wow... It's so stiff... I didn't even know that they could be so strong. You have opened my eyes."

When the other female disciples saw this, they felt an uncontrollable urge to touch his rod as well.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"C-Can I touch it, too?" One of them asked.

"It'd be my honor." Su Yang said with a smile, and he pushed his hips forward, allowing the disciples to have more room and free access to his rod. . coᴍ

"Wow, it feels so real..."

"Of course. It's real, after all." Su Yang chuckled.

When the male disciples there saw how many female disciples were surrounding Su Yang, they began growing jealous, especially considering that Su Yang 3 had an ordinary face.

Eventually, they could no longer endure it and began approaching him as well.

"Hey! Why don't you get out of here with your fake body!" One of the disciples there shouted, causing everyone there to pay attention.

This_content is taken from

"Fake? Why don't you ask my Senior apprentice sisters whether it's real or fake." Su Yang said.

"It's not fake!" The Outer Court disciples that followed him here defended his honor.

"Hmph! Judging by your cultivation bases, you're all Outer Court disciples. As if I can trust your words! Heaven knows if he's paying all of you to pretend it's real!"

"He's just a nobody who joined the sect recently! He lacks credibility!"

More and more male disciples confronted Su Yang about his body.

Su Yang remained calm and said, "I would let you confirm it yourselves, but unfortunately, I'd rather die than let another man touch my little brother."

"Don't worry, we have other methods." One of the disciples said, and he suddenly retrieved a pure white pill from his storage ring.

"This is the Pill of Pure Origin. This pill will erase all of your disguise even if you've consumed a Supreme Appearance Altering Pill! With this method, we won't need to touch you. Do you dare to consume this pill and prove to us that you're really what our eyes see?"

Su Yang looked at the pill with a profound expression on his face.

"Hahaha! See? He's too scared to consume the pill because he knows that he's screwed if he took it!"

"His real appearance is probably even uglier than currently!"

The male disciples began laughing out loud while the female disciples frowned.

"Disciple Xiao... Why aren't you answering?" One of the Outer Court disciples asked him with a doubtful look on her face.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Sorry, I just wanted to scare you all a bit."

"Eh? Does this mean..."

New novel_chap_ters are published here:

"Yes, I will take the pill."

Su Yang extended his hand and gestured for the pill.

The male disciple with the Pill of Pure Origin smiled

and tossed the pill at him, "Be my guest." "Before I consume this pill, there is something I want to say." Su Yang said.

And he continued, "Since you're the ones doubting me, even putting me through such an embarrassing situation, I can expect some kind of compensation if my body turns out to be real, right?" "Eh?"

The male disciples suddenly stopped laughing and started exchanging nervous looks with each other.

"T-That's right! It's only fair if you compensate Disciple Xiao for causing him trouble!" The female disciples began pressuring the male disciples after they snapped out of their daze.

"F-Fine. I'll compensate you. What do you want?" The disciple who had the Pill of Pure Origin asked him.

"I want you all of you standing before me right now to never step foot inside the Yin Yang Hot Springs ever again." Su Yang said in a calm voice.

"W-What?! That's ridiculous! You want all of us to stop coming to this place as compensation?! How is that fair?! You only need to consume a pill!" The disciples immediately refused such compensation.

"Then I will also never step foot inside this place again if I lose." Su Yang said.

"No! That's still not fair! There's only one of you while there are nine of us!"

Su Yang shrugged, "Well, I'm not the one going around accusing people of having fake bodies."

The male disciples gritted their teeth. It was a risk that neither of them wanted to take

"Hmph! You're trying to scare us and hope we'd back down by making such a ridiculous demand! I see through all of your tricks! Ten years! If you win, we will not step foot near this place for ten years! However, if we win, you will never step foot inside this place ever again!"

Visit , for the best no_vel_read_ing experience

"Make it fifty years and I'll do it. Do you all agree?" Su Yang asked them.

When they nodded their heads, Su Yang smiled and tossed the pill into his mouth without any hesitation.