Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1032: Nullify Pill

After Su Yang swallowed the Pill of Pure Origin, the people around him stared at every inch of his body with their divine sense to make sure they didn't miss any changes.

However, Su Yang's appearance remained the same even many moments later.

"Are you 1 satisfied now?" Su Yang asked them with a smile on his face.

"N-Not yet! It will take some time before the pill takes effect! And if you're using a high-quality pill to alter your appearance, it could take even longer! Give it a couple of minutes!" The disciple that handed him the pill said.

"Of course. We can stay here all day if you like." Su Yang calmly shrugged.

While he acted calm on the outside, he was laughing his ass off inwardly.

'Hahaha! I knew something like this would happen, so I took some precautions!"

'Pill of Pure Origin? That won't work if I consumed the Nullify Pill prior!

The Nullify Pill is a unique pill with a special effect that nullifies the effect of whatever pill he consumes after it, meaning that it'd nullified the Pill of Pure Origin, removing its effects.

However, this pill only works for a single pill and lasts for 24 hours.

Su Yang had anticipated that some disciples would become suspicious of his appearance, so he consumed the Nullify Pill prior to leaving his house.

With that being said, the Nullify Pill was just for insurance. Even without the Nullify Pill, the Pill of Pure Origin wouldn't have removed Su Yang's disguise.

Visit , for the best no_vel_read_ing experience

"It's been five minutes! Disciple Xiao's body hasn't changed! I knew it! His excellent body is the real deal!" One of the female disciples there suddenly broke the silence.

The other female disciples also started lecturing the male disciples for their misjudgment.

"Apologize to Disciple Xiao right now!"

"That's right! And don't come back to this place for 50 years! If I see you here, I will not have mercy and tell everyone what a sore loser you are!"

The male disciples gritted their teeth in anger.

"W-Wait! I don't believe it! He must have used some kind of trick!" The disciple that gave Su Yang the Pill of Pure Origin suddenly shouted.

"What if he knew this would happen and consumed a Nullify Pill before coming here?! I happen to have a second Pill of Pure Origin! If you take this one as well, I will admit being wrong!"

The disciple took out a second Pill of Pure Origin and shoved it in Su Yang's face.

"Are you serious?! How shameless!"

"What a sore loser!"

"And you dare call yourself a man?!"

The female disciples started cursing him.

Foll_ow new_episo_des on the platform.

"I-If he truly has nothing to hide, it wouldn't hurt if he consumed another Pill of Pure Origin right?! And it's not like there are any side effects to consuming this pill!" The disciple exclaimed.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"T-That's right! If he doesn't consume this Pill of Pure Origin, he must be hiding something!" The other male disciples supported him.

"Hahaha!"

In the midst of the commotion, Su Yang suddenly started laughing out loud.

"D-Disciple Xiao?" They stopped arguing and looked at him with puzzled expressions.

"You want me to consume another Pill of Pure Origin, right? Very well! Since I have nothing to hide, I don't mind consuming another pill. However, if I consume this pill, you must extend your punishment! 500 years! If I consume this pill and nothing happens, you are all banned from this place for 500 years!"

"What?! That's times harsher than our original punishment! Since you're only taking one more pill, it should only be 100 years, not 500 years!" The male disciples refuted.

However, Su Yang didn't bother arguing with them.

"Do you agree or not?" He asked them with a calm look on his face.

"I will give each of you two Golden Yang Pills if I lose this second round."

The male disciples swallowed nervously, and they began doubting themselves.

What if this new disciple with a suspiciously amazing body turns out to be the real deal? They feared not being able to soak in the Yin Yang Hot Springs and watch naked women without offending them for 500 years.

Foll_ow new_episo_des on the platform.

"I-I will do it!" The disciple with the pill suddenly declared, shocking the other disciples.

"I will sit this one out... I can endure 50 years, but 500 years is just too much." Another disciple said.

In the end, half of the male disciples there decided to stand down, accepting their 50 year punishment.

Sometime later, Su Yang took the second Pill of Pure Origin from the disciple and tossed it into his mouth without any hesitation.

Everyone there swallowed nervously, and they all waited for the results.

'Idiots! Even without the Nullify Pill's help, the Pill of

Pure Origin won't be able to remove my disguise! After all, my pill was concocted by the God of Alchemy herself! Unless this Pill of Pure Origin Pill is also concocted by the God of Alchemy, it won't have any effects!' Su Yang laughed inwardly at these disciples' foolishness.

This is the true power of the God of Alchemy! The only Alchemist in this world who can defeat the God of Alchemy is the God of Alchemy herself! Her pills transcend common logic and even defy the heavens! Five minutes after Su Yang consumed the second Pill of Pure Origin.

"I-Impossible... His body... It's real?!" The male disciples were in disbelief when nothing happened even after Su Yang consumed the second pill.

Su Yang shrugged and said, "As displeased as I am with this situation, I don't blame you guys for doubting the authenticity of my body. After all, even I sometimes doubt myself when I stand before a mirror."

He then turned to face the female disciples and continued in a prideful voice, "As you have all just witnessed, this body is the real deal! If you want a taste of it, come visit me at the Outcast Peak later today! I promise you that you will not regret it!"

The female disciples swallowed nervously after hearing Su Yang's words. In fact, their eyes were all on his magnificent sword even as he spoke, almost as though they were captivated by it.

Visit for a better_user experience