Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1033: Leaving the Yin Yang Hot Springs

After Su Yang's short yet grand speech, he turned to look at the male disciples and said to them, "Thank you for the help. If you hadn't cause such a commotion, it would've taken me much longer to attract so much attention."

The male disciples coldy sneered at him, "This isn't over!"

However, the female disciples immediately shouted back, "What are you still doing here?! You're all banned from this place! Get lost!"

"That's right! And don't come back until the end of your punishment, whether it be 50 years or 500 years!"

With nearly every female disciple in the vicinity going against them, the male disciples could only lower their heads in defeat and leave the Yin Yang Hot Springs in silence, feeling incredibly embarrassed about the whole situation.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

They all regretted messing with this new disciple, but there was nothing they could do, and their anger towards Su Yang only grew stronger as they returned to their own homes.

After the male disciples were gone, Su Yang decided to stay around the Yin Yang Hot Springs for a few more hours.

During this time, more and more female disciples approached him with interest.

"Do you have an official partner yet, Disciple Xiao? If you don't mind me, I can be your partner. I promise you that I will be able to satisfy you day and night."

Foll_ow new_episo_des on the platform.

"Disciple Xiao, how about I swing by your place after this? I really want to have a taste of your magnificent sword!"

The female disciples there stopped caring about Su Yang's ordinary appearance and only focused on his amazing body and majestic sword.

In fact, their bodies began leaking with Yin Qi just from the thought of being pounded by the monster between Su Yang's legs.

"If you come to Outcast Peak, I will definitely cultivate with you. However, I must warn you, there's usually a queue outside my house..." Su Yang said to the disciples there.

"I heard about it. They're all Outer Court disciples, right? Are you sure you don't want to give us priority? As Inner Court disciples, our Yin Qi will definitely benefit your cultivation more, not to mention our experience and skills vastly surpass them." One of the Inner Court disciples there said.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Actually, I intend on stopping the little game I'd set up and start cultivating seriously. I only did it to boost my reputation a bit since I am a nobody living at Outcast Peak, not to mention my average appearance. However, if an Outer Court disciple still wants to cultivate me without caring for the Golden Yin Pill, I will not push them to the side even for a Core disciple. I value respect more than anything, after all."

"I see... That's a very respectful decision. Sorry if I sounded a little rude with my suggestion." The Inner Court disciple apologized afterward.

"D-Disciple Xiao, I will definitely visit you even if you are no longer giving out the Golden Yin Pill!" One of the Outer Court disciples there exclaimed.

"M-Me too!"

You can_find the rest of this_content on the platform.

"Thank you all." Su Yang smiled at them.

Sometime later, Su Yang left the Yin Yang Hot Springs and returned to his living quarters, where he announced to the female disciples there that he will no longer be offering the Golden Yin Pill.

"What?! I didn't wait an entire day in line just to hear this bullshit!"

To nobody's surprise, the disciples there were unhappy about Su Yang's decision.

"Don't worry, everyone here will still have the chance to acquire the Golden Yin Pill. However, any new guests from this point forth will no longer have that chance." Su Yang announced, instantly calming down most of the disciples there.

In fact, the female disciples became more passionate and motivated to defeat Su Yang. After all, this is their last chance to acquire the Golden Yin Pill. If they miss it, heaven knows when their next chance will come- if it'll even come at all.

"After soaking my body in the Yin Yang Hot Springs half the day, all of the fatigue in my body is gone, so I can immediately see the next guest in my room."

Before Su Yang accepted his next challenger, he placed a sign behind the last person in line that mentioned the changes to notify the newcomers that he will no longer be handing out the Golden Yin Pill.

After this sign was placed, the line in front of Su Yang's house stopped growing longer, allowing Su Yang to clear the line by the end of the day.

New novel_chap_ters are published here:

As for the results, nobody was able to defeat Su Yang, so not a single person managed to acquire the Golden Yin Pill.

"It's been a while since it's been this peaceful and silent outside..." Mei Ying said as she stuck her head outside the window in her bedroom.

Su Yang smiled and said, "It'll get rowdy again tomorrow. I told the ladies at the Yin Yang Hot Springs to hold off from seeing me until tomorrow so that I could clear the line."

"That's good. I'm so accustomed to having a line outside our building that it feels weird when it's empty." Mei Ying chuckled.

Sometime later, Su Yang inserted his sword into Mei Ying's body and started filling the room with her blissful moans.

"How's Mei Xing doing?" Su Yang asked her afterward.

"She's obsessed with cultivation. She's so still that I sometimes fear that she might turn into a stone statue." Mei Ying joked as Su Yang's hot Yang Qi overflowed her lower cave.

"You'll get used to it." Su Yang smiled.

"Compared to my daughter, I cannot even sit still for more than four hours before I need to stretch my body. I'm ashamed of myself." She suddenly sighed.

This_content is taken from

"This is why most people start cultivation when they're young. It's easier for them to adapt to the lifestyle. But once again, you'll eventually get used to it."

Once Mei Ying had rested enough, they began round two, and they would continue cultivating with each other until the next day when the disciples from the Yin Yang Hot Springs began showing up at his doorstep