Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1034: I Want You to Wreck My Body With the Monster Between Your Legs

"Good luck, Manager." Mei Ying said to Su Yang before falling asleep from exhaustion.

Su Yang gently caressed her hair for a bit before spending the rest of the night absorbing the Yin Qi he'd gathered thus far, increasing his cultivation by a single level.

The following morning, Su Yang walked outside to greet the first disciple that showed up.

Of course, it was one of the Outer Court disciples that had followed him to the Yin Yang Hot Spring yesterday.

"Good morning, Disciple Xiao!"

"Good morning."

"Did you sleep well last night? I knocked out the moment I returned home from the hot springs. I have never felt so relaxed before even though it wasn't my first time at the hot spring."

"Yes, the hot spring is an amazing place. I will definitely return there whenever I get the chance." He nodded.

"Anyways, come inside."

The disciple nodded and followed him into the house.

"Eh?" The disciple stopped when she noticed a small head peeking out of one of the rooms there.

"I-Is that your daughter...?" The disciple asked Su Yang. Su Yang raised his eyebrows, and he turned to look at what she was staring at.

"Mei Xing? She's not my daughter. She's my servant." Su Yang chuckled.

"Oh..."

"Manager, do you need my help today? I don't see Mother anywhere." Mei Xing asked.

"Your Mother is resting right now. You can focus on your cultivation if you want. I don't really need any help right now since it's not busy."

New_chap_ters are pub_lished on

Mei Xing pondered for a moment before walking out of her room, "No, taking care of the Manager's business is my priority. I will cultivate another time. And after cultivating for so long, I need a small break."

"What kind of break requires you to work more?" Su Yang smiled.

"But if you really want to, I won't refuse."

"I really want to!" She said.

"Alright. Then if a customer comes, tell them that I am currently busy with another client."

"Yes!" Mei Ying saluted him.

"I guess I'm your client now?" The female disciple chuckled after entering Su Yang's room.

"She worked for me at the City of Pleasure, hence the terms. Of course, you can be anything you want." Su Yang smiled.

"Then I want to be your training doll. I want you to wreck my body with the monster between your legs." The disciple licked her lips in an erotic manner as she removed her clothes and walked to the bed.

"It would be my pleasure." Su Yang also removed his clothes, revealing his fully awakened dragon.

The disciple swallowed nervously. Even though she'd mentally prepared herself before coming here, she was still taken aback by the monster.

'W-Why am I surprised? I already saw his penis plenty yesterday!' The disciple cried inwardly.

"Go ahead. You have been holding back since yesterday,

right?" Su Yang said to her with an alluring smile.

He then approached her in slow and steady steps until his sword was directly in front of her face.

The disciple closed her eyes and took a deep breath.

Visit for a better_reading experience

'Ahhh... What a manly scent.'

When she opened her eyes again, the disciple grabbed Su Yang's thick rod with one hand and his treasure sack with the other.

After swallowing again she leaned forward and kissed the rin of the dragon's head.

The disciple then opened her mouth and shoved as much of Su Yang as she could inside her mouth before she started pleasing his rod with her skillful tongue.

While her mouth pleased Su Yang's rod, she used her hands to massage the sacks below.

After many minutes of exhausting mouth movements, the disciple stopped and looked at Su Yang with a worried frown, "Am I not good enough?"

"No, you are great."

"Then why haven't you come yet?"

"Ah, sorry. I subconsciously held it in due to the challenges." Su Yang said with an apologetic smile on his face.

Not wanting to hurt the disciple's feelings, Su Yang made up an excuse.

Due to his perfect control over his own body, unless someone is incredibly skillful in dual cultivation, it is near impossible to force Su Yang release his Yang Qi.

In other words, unless he willingly releases his Yang Qi, it will not come out no matter how long someone pleases him.

"To make it up to you, I will release my Yang Qi inside your body. Do you want me to?"

"I-I do!" She eagerly nodded.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"But first, allow me to return the favor."

Su Yang said before suddenly grabbing her beautiful legs and spreading it wide open.

The latest_epi_sodes are on_the website.

"Oh!" The disciple's face flushed with redness, but she didn't stop him.

Su Yang didn't say anything else and went straight for her soaking wet slit.

"Mmm-"

"Aaaah~!"

"Oh my! Heavens! This is... Amazing!" The disciple moaned nonstop as Su Yang savored her little sister and the juices that flowed out like a river.

Within minutes of experiencing Su Yang's mouth techniques, the disciple was already exhausted from climaxing too much.

"We're just getting started." Su Yang smiled as he approached her, who was lying on the bed and gasping for air.

"W-Wait... Give me a few..." The disciple halted her words when Su Yang started rubbing his shaft between her slit.

"Hm? What did you say?" Su Yang asked her.

"I-I said give it to me! I want you to shove that massive penis of yours inside my body!" The disciple shouted with a crazed look on her face.

"With pleasure." Su Yang pulled his hips back a little before shoving his rod into the disciple's cave, tearing her walls apart.

"Aaaaahn!"

The disciple released her loudest moan yet as her body was overwhelmed by pleasure.

"I will begin moving now." Su Yang warned her when his drill reached the end of her cave.

The disciple didn't respond, but the longing look in her eyes spoke clearer than any words she could mutter in such a situation.

Seeing this, Su Yang started moving his hips, smashing the disciple as though she was a training puppet.

Foll_ow new_episo_des on the platform.