Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1036: Cheating On Their Partners

"Is it that bad that I am less than 30 years old?" Su Yang asked the disciple with raised eyebrows.

"N-No... I just can't believe that someone your age is already so good with dual cultivation. You have immense potential, Disciple Xiao!" The Inner Court disciple said to him in an excited voice.

After all, if he's already this amazing at 20 years old, how good will his techniques be a thousand years from now? The Inner Court disciple couldn't even begin to imagine what it would feel like cultivating with him at that time when he's all grown and even more experienced.

"Why don't you become my partner? Very rarely do Outer Court disciples get to partner up with an Inner Court disciple." The disciple asked him.

She knew very well that if others found out about his hidden talents and true potential, there would be a line of Inner Court disciples waiting to become his partner.

Therefore, she must act first.

However, Su Yang wasn't looking for a partner right now. "Sorry, but I am not looking for a partner right now."

"What? Why not? You know that you have to find a partner within one year of joining the sect, right? You'll be expelled from the sect if you fail to do so." The Inner Court disciple said, and she was inwardly surprised that an Outer Court disciple would refuse to accept an Inner Court disciple as a partner, especially considering his normal appearance.

"Well, I'm still very new with no backing in the sect. If someone like me suddenly has an Inner Court disciple, the other disciples will definitely start causing trouble for me, and I don't want that yet." Su Yang made up a logical excuse.

"I see... I understand where you're coming from since there are many people who are easily annoyed with jealousy in this sect, but I will try my best to protect you!"

"Thank you, but I don't think I am ready for it. Once I gain some more recognition and confidence, ask me again, okay?"

The Inner Court disciple sighed, "All right. I will ask you again later."

By the time Su Yang was finished with the Inner Court disciple, two more disciples had showed up to his house.

Su Yang would spend the rest of the day and the next few days cultivating with the disciples that showed up to his place.

His name was also being spread around the sect.

"Have you heard? There's this new Outer Court disciple who not only has an amazing penis but also incredible technique! Let's go check him out and see if he's really as the rumors say!"

"What? I already have a partner."

"You don't need to tell him!"

"That's insane! I'm not going to cheat on my partner!"

"Don't consider it cheating. That Outer Court disciple is also an official masseur. You can just go as a 'customer'."

"That doesn't even make any sense! If you want to go, you can go by yourself, but I am not going!"

"All right. I will let you know how it goes."

A few days later, that disciple returned to her friend to share her experience.

"Heavens! It was freaking amazing! I'm so glad that I went! He made me feel things that I have never felt with my partner!"

"You seriously went? Your partner won't be happy if he learns about this."

"He won't know unless you tell him! Anyways, I'm telling you! You should go see him at least once! Or you'll really regret it! As best friend, I can guarantee his skills!"

"Fine! I will go! But I won't cultivate with him! He's a masseur, right? I'll go for a massage- just a normal massage!"

"Sure. You'll be begging for his dick afterward, anyway."

The following day, these two disciples met up again.

"How was it?"

"I-I..." The disciple was speechless.

Seeing her friend like this, she chuckled, "You totally fucked him!"

"I-I really didn't plan on doing that! I don't know what happened! My mind went blank halfway through the massage, and before I realized, his penis was already inside me, and I wasn't able to resist it!"

"Hahaha! I knew it! How was it? Amazing, right?"

"It was heavenly!"

"Let's go see him together next time!"

"Sure!"

Within a week, Xiao Yang's name had spread to most corners in the Outer Court, and Inner Court disciples could be seen more frequently at his place now.

Unfortunately, this also meant that more and more male disciples would learn of his existence, and it was inevitable that some of them would become jealous of his fame.

Furthermore, because many female disciples are visiting Su Yang in secrecy, the male disciples are now constantly worrying if their partners are visiting him behind their backs.

Things got so bad that male disciples started showing up at the Outcast Peak just to keep an eye out.

Eventually, the male disciples started a group that kept track of the female disciples visiting Su Yang, and if any of them had a partner, they would report it to their partners.

This made it almost impossible for the fernale disciples with partners to visit Su Yang in secrecy.

However, the female disciples did not give up, as they were addicted to Su Yang's techniques, so they started buying Appearance Altering Pills.

"Fucking hell! The female disciples are starting to visit Disciple Xiao in disguise! We can't do anything about this!"

"Why are they so desperate to cultivate with him to the extent where they're willingly cheating on their partners?!"

"I haven't had a wink of sleep for the past couple of days because I am constantly worried about my own partner visiting him!"

"Me too!"Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"You know what? We've been going about this wrong the whole time! We shouldn't have put our focus on the female disciples! We should've dealt with the problem from the root Disciple Xiao!"

"That's right! Let's give that bastard a piece of our mind!"

Thus, a group of angry male disciples started making their way towards Outcast Peak, and it wasn't a small 1 group either.