Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1037: First and Last Warning

"Xiao Yang, get your ass out here!" The male disciples stood right outside his living quarters and shouted.

"Hey, what the hell do you guys think you're doing?" The female disciples there immediately called them out.

"Get out of here! This is no place for male disciples like you!"

"Shut the hell up! We're here for Xiao Yang, not you who are cheating on your partners!" whores

"How dare you call us whores! Even if your partner is cheating on you, that gives you no right to insult us! I bet you can't even satisfy your partner, hence why they went to look for someone who can! Pathetic!"

The commotion at Outcast Peak quickly grew out of hand as it got louder and more aggressive.

The other residents at Outcast Peak were terrified of the activities outside Su Yang's living quarters. In fact, this is the first time they've seen such a crowd at Outcast Peak, feeling quite intimidated by them.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Everyone, please calm down!" Mei Ying rushed outside after noticing the commotion.

The disciples temporarily stopped arguing to look at her.

"And who the hell are you?" One of the male disciples asked her.

Mei Ying swallowed nervously after sensing their cold glares. Compared to the people in the City of Pleasure, these disciples were on another level in terms of pressure and feeling threatening.

"I-I am the Manager's servant. If you have any problems, I am willing to pass along your message to him when he's available," she said to them with weak legs.

"Well, your 'Manager' is the reason why many female disciples are cheating on their partners! And we're here to put a stop to it once and for all!"

"B-But these disciples came to visit the Manager on their own accord... He's not forcing them to-"

"Shut the fuck up! You're just a mere servant! Don't you dare talk back to us!"

"How dare you talk to her like that! She may be a servant, but she's Disciple Xiao's servant!" The female disciples immediately came to her defense.

They knew that if they protected Mei Ying, her Master, Xiao Yang, would have a good impression on them.

Thus, the commotion between the male disciples and the female disciples started again.

Meanwhile, inside Su Yang's room.

"Looks like there is a commotion outside." He sighed.

"Go ahead and see what's going on. I don't mind waiting here for you." The female disciple on his bed said.

"Sorry, I will make it up to you later." Su Yang said with an apologetic smile before pulling his rod from her soaking wet cave and getting dressed.

After leaving the room, he followed the direction of the commotion until he was outside his house.

"M-Manager! There's been a problem-" Mei Ying sighed in relief after seeing him, but she still held a worried expression on her face.

"Thank you, I will handle it from here." Su Yang nodded. ᴛʜɪs ᴄʜᴀᴘᴛᴇʀ ɪs ᴜᴘᴅᴀᴛᴇ ʙʏ Freeᴡebnᴏvel.cᴏm.

"Xiao Yang, you bastard!" The male disciples there immediately noticed his presence the moment he stepped outside.

Su Yang remained calm and spoke, "Are you here for a massage? Unfortunately, I have a policy that only allows me to serve women. I'm afraid you'll have to leave."

"Fuck you and your policy!We're not here for a massage, you bastardo!”

Su Yang raised his eyebrows and asked in a puzzled manner, "If not for a massage, then why are you here?"

"We're here to fucking kill you, of course!" One of them shouted in rage.

"What?" Su Yang pretended to be shocked.

"Why would you want to kill me? I don't remember offending you guys.

"You don't know why we want to kill you? Of course you don't! After all, you're too busy screwing our partners!"

"Huh? Your partners? I'm sorry, but I don't pick my partners, and I have no way of knowing if my partner already has a partner or not." Su Yang said.

"You can't expect me to know the relationship of every female disciple in this sect."

"Or are you going to tell me to stop cultivating with the female disciples entirely? You might as well tell me to stop being a disciple of this sect."

The male disciples gritted their teeth in frustration after hearing Su Yang's perfect comeback, as there was no way for them to argue back without sounding crazy.

"You know what? That's a great idea! Look at yourself in the mirror! You don't deserve to be a disciple of this sect! You're too fucking ugly!" One of the male disciples there suddenly said without an ounce of shame in his voice.

"So what if I was blessed with a handsome face at birth? One's performance in the sect is more important than their appearance." Su Yang said.

"Hahaha! Maybe at other sects, but not in the Boundless Yin Yang Sect! In this world, appearance is above all!"

"If that's the case, why are there so many female disciples willing to cultivate with me despite my ugly appearance?" Su Yang then asked.

"I don't think you're ugly, Disciple Xiao!" One of the female disciples there suddenly shouted.

"M-Me too! I care more about your ability than your appearance!"

Su Yang smiled at the female disciples, "Thank you all for your kind words."

He returned to facing the male disciples and continued, "See? Not all disciples think appearance is the be-all and end-all in this place, and that's more than enough for me."

"Enough! I don't care what you or these sluts have to say! This is our first and final warning, Xiao Yang! If you continue stealing partners from: my fellow brothers, I will make it my mission to make your life in this place as miserable as possible! Let's go!"

The male disciple leading the group turned around and began walking away.

His group followed him, but they made sure to spit saliva in front of Su Yang's house before leaving.

Once the male disciples were gone, the Outcast Peak returned to being nice and quiet, but the atmosphere there remained heavy.