Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1038: Ignoring the Threats

"Now that the nuisances are gone, I'm going to return to my cultivation. I'll see you all later." Su Yang said to the dumbfounded female disciples.

"W-Wait... What are you going to do now that the male disciples have threatened you?" One of them suddenly asked him.

"I'm not going to do anything about it and just act like they never even showed up. After all, why should I stop doing my business because some idiots cannot satisfy their own partners?" Su Yang calmly shrugged.

"I-I think you should talk to a sect elder about this... I'm sure they will do something." One of them suggested.

'If my previous experiences taught me anything, it's that the sect elders are far worse than the disciples in this sect and that they are not reliable at all.' Su Yang scoffed inwardly.

"I'll be fine. What's the worst that can happen? It's forbidden to kill fellow disciples outside of the life and death arena." Su Yang showed them a confident smile.

"Disciple Xiao, I know that you're new to sects, but shouldn't take these kinds of situations lightly. The male you really disciples will definitely try to do something funny, and even if they cannot kill you in public, they can make your life in the sect harder, even kill you in private."

"Thank you for the warning and advice, but I have no plans on giving up as a disciple of this sect even if they threaten my life. I will continue to cultivate until I become an Inner Court Disciple, then a Core Disciple."

The female disciples admired Su Yang's courage and dedication to cultivation, so they stopped mentioning the whole situation.

Su Yang returned to his room shortly after to finish his business with the disciple in his room.

"Sorry I took so long, but everything is fine now."

"You better be! Look at how lonely and wet my body is!" The disciple said in a teasing voice.

Su Yang wasted no time inserting his rod into her body, resuming their session.

Meanwhile, news of the commotion at Outcast Peak began spreading around the Outer Court disciple.

"Did you hear? Some male disciples went to threaten Disciple Xiao because they were jealous of him."

"I heard that it was because their partners had gone to Disciple Xiao for satisfaction instead."

When Elder Tou heard about the commotion, he laughed out loud, "Hahaha! I knew this would happen sooner or later! Damn pig thinks he can cultivate with our fairies and get away with it!"

Some of the female disciples were worried that Su Yang might stop cultivating and leave the sect because of the threats, but to their pleasant surprise, Su Yang did no such thing, and he even increased his activities with the female disciples.

When the male disciples learned that Su Yang had basically ignored all of their warnings and made them look like dogs that are all bark but no bite, they were enraged.

The male disciples gathered once again to decide Su Yang's fate.

"This bastard Xiao Yang has ignored all of our warnings! He clearly doesn't care about his life! Let's kill him!"

"Kill him? I think we should torture him instead! Killing him is easy, so it won't be any fun. I want to watch him fall into despair!" Freewebnᴏvel.com

"But how are we going to do that?"

"I have the perfect idea! Listen to me..."

"Hahaha! That's perfect! That bastard will regret ever offending us afterward!"

Several days later.

"Hello, Disciple Xiao."

Su Yang's new partner greeted him after entering his room.

She was a tall beauty with long wavy brown hair and hazel eyes.

After their greeting, the female disciple approached him and embraced his body.

"I've heard nothing but good things about you from my fellow sisters. Don't disappoint me, okay?"

"No promises, but I will try my best." Su Yang smiled.

"Here, let me take your clothes off."

The female disciple proceeds to remove his loosened robes.

Once Su Yang's upper body was exposed, and the female disciple was behind him, a cold glint appeared in her eyes.

You can only blame yourself for offending my partner!' The female disciple suddenly retrieved a needle that was the size of a single strand of hair and plunged it at Su Yang's back.

However, before the female disciple could damage Su Yang's fair skin with the needle, something in the room activated, causing the female disciple to halt her movements,

'W-What the hell is this?! I cannot move my body! The female disciple cried inwardly, but no matter how much she struggled, she was unable to break free of the invisible restraints on her body.

"What a pity..." Su Yang suddenly released a sigh.

He quickly fixed his clothes and turned around to face the confused female disciple with a calm expression.

After glancing at her face, he turned to look at the needle in her hand and asked, "What do you think you're trying to do with such a dangerous thing?"

"I-I can explain... This is a misunderstanding..." She muttered in a nervous voice.

"A misunderstanding, huh? Do you even know what you're holding in your hand?" He then asked.

"I-I don't!" She quickly responded.

Su Yang narrowed his eyes on her. He could tell that she was telling the truth. However, that doesn't change the fact that she'd just tried to harm him with it.

"Why are you trying to harm me?" Su Yang asked her even though he already knew the answer.

"I-I had no choice! My life was threatened! They would kill me if I didn't obey their orders!" She immediately began crying.

'Wow, she's good at faking tears. It could probably fool most Outer Court disciples in this place,' Su Yang thought to himself as he watched the disciple cry her eyes our.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

He then took the needle from her hand and pointed it at her, "Since you don't know the effects of this needle, why don't you experience it for yourself?"

"W-What? N-No! Please! Stop! I beg of you! I will do anything you want! I swear!" She quickly started shedding real tears after hearing Su Yang's words. Even though she didn't know the effects of the needle, she was sure that it had a good chance of killing her.