Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1039: There Is Nothing Wrong With Your Body!

The disciple pleaded with Su Yang to stop when he threatened to use the needle on her.

However, Su Yang merely smiled at her attempt, and he continued moving the needle closer and closer to her body.

"N-No! Stop! Please!"

Once the tip of the needle was touching the disciple's skin, she immediately stopped moving out of fear.

"You may not think so, but you're actually very lucky." Su Yang suddenly said in a gentle voice.

"Normally, I would kill anyone that tries to harm me. However, since we are both disciples of the same sect, and I do not wish to be kicked out of the sect just yet for killing a fellow disciple, I will have to restrain myself and spare your life."

"With that being said, you will have to be punished."

Su Yang pressed the needle a little harder, forcing it to enter the disciple's body.

"AAAAAAHHH!" The disciple screamed at the top of her lungs even though there was no pain from the injury besides a slight pricking sensation.

Su Yang removed the needle from her body a moment later.

"What do you think is going to happen to your body now that the poison has invaded it?"

"Let me go! I need to see a doctor right away!"

The disciple tried to leave, but the invisible restraints on her body were too strong, feeling like she was frozen in time. Freeᴡebnovel.cᴏm

Su Yang started laughing a moment later and said, "Don't worry. the poison won't harm your body."

"W-What?" The disciple stared at him with wide eyes filled with disbelief.

"The poison on the needle doesn't work on women. However, if used on a man, the thing between their legs will cease to function, turning them into a cripple."

"Although it's not impossible to fix the injury, it requires a lot of resources and effort-something most disciples in this sect won't be able to afford. In other words, this poison will force them to leave the sect and give up life as a man."

The disciple sighed in relief after realizing that the poison won't affect her because she's a woman.

"I wouldn't be relieved yet if I were you." Su Yang said after seeing her expression.

"After all, the punishment isn't over yet."

"W-What are you going to do to me?! A-Are you going to assault me?!"Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Su Yang burst out laughing at her words, "Assault you? You think I'd lay my hands on a woman like you? I wouldn't put my treasure in your body even if my life is threatened!"

Su Yang approached her and suddenly started striking different locations on her body with his fingers, almost as though he was doing acupuncture.

Once Su Yang retrieved his hand, he spoke in a calm voice, "In fifteen minutes, your body will suddenly feel as though it's on fire, but don't worry, it won't hurt you. However, you will probably wish that was the case very soon."

Su Yang deactivated the formation in the room that had been restricting the female disciple's body and said, "You may leave." Freewebnᴏvel.cᴏm

The female disciple didn't dare to linger and immediately rushed outside, not even bothering to ask for an explanation from Su Yang.

After leaving his place, the female disciple rushed to one of the elders who was also a doctor and requested for her body to be checked.

"Please! Something happened to my body! I need you to check

"Calm down and explain the situation to me. What exactly happened to you?" The female Elder asked.

"I-I don't know! Someone had used some kind of acupuncture on my body just now, and he said it will start affecting my body in fifteen minutes! It's already been 10 minutes! Please save me! I'm scared!" The disciple gave the Elder a vague explanation, as there was no way that she could tell the truth that she'd tried to poison a fellow disciple and ended up being punished by her target.

"Let me take a look at your body..." The Elder frowned.

However, the Elder wasn't able to find anything wrong with her body after inspecting it.

"Are you sure you're not lying to me? There is nothing wrong with your body." The Elder began doubting her.

"I-I'm not lying! I swear!"

The Elder decided to check her body again, even taking some of her blood to inspect it.

"There is nothing wrong with after getting the same result. your body!" The Elder repeated

"N-Not way... Did he lie to me? Just to scare me?" The disciple was in disbelief.

"I-I am really sorry for bothering you, Elder. This is just a misunderstanding..."

"Get out! How dare you waste my time!" The Elder was furious.

"I'm really sorry..." The disciple bowed to the Elder before walking towards the door.

However, right as she reached the door, the disciple suddenly screamed, and her body collapsed on the floor.

"What!?" This startled the Elder, who immediately went to check on the disciple.

The disciple was trembling nonstop, almost like she was having a seizure, but the expression on her face suggested otherwise.

"Hey! Are you all right?! What's wrong?! Are you in pain?!" The Elder asked her.

The disciple gasped for breath, and she spoke in a low voice, "1 It's so hot! My body feels like it's burning! Please! Make this stop! It's making me cum nonstop!"

"What...?" The Elder was baffled after hearing the disciple's last words.

She looked down, and sure enough, there was a puddle of Yin Qi where the disciple was lying.

"Let me inspect your body." The Elder said as she grabbed the disciple's arm.

"Noooo! Don't touch me! It's making it worse! Ahh! I'm cumming again!" The disciple shouted when the Elder touched her.

"Bear with it! I won't be able to see what's wrong with your body without touching you!" The Elder held the disciple firmly so that she couldn't escape.

However, she was still unable to find anything wrong with the disciple's body.

'What in heavens" name is happening to this girl?!" The Elder was speechless.