Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The Elders in the room went to check on the female disciple's condition afterward to confirm that she was not in any danger.

Once they confirmed the disciple's condition, they all turned to look at Su Yang.

"What kind of technique did you use to make her body like this? I have never heard or seen anything like this before." One of the Elder Liao asked him with a frown on her face.

"It's nothing special. I just messed with her vital points and mind in a way that tricks her body into thinking that it should be climaxing." Su Yang calmly explained to them.

'Nothing special? If it's nothing special, how come we don't know about such a technique!?' The Elders cried inwardly, feeling as though they were lowkey being mocked.

"If there's nothing else, I would like to return to my living quarters. I have a lot of disciples waiting to cultivate with me." Su Yang said a moment later.

The Elders appeared shocked after hearing his words. They couldn't believe that they were hearing such words coming from someone with such an ordinary face.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

If he was handsome and popular, perhaps they would've believed him, but Su Yang looked too ordinary.

Although it was not a crime to look ordinary in the outside world, this was the Boundless Yin Yang Sect, where appearance surpasses even talent.

Unless he had god-like talents, nobody would be willing to cultivate with someone who has an ordinary face like Su Yang.

But while most of the Elders there laughed at Su Yang inwardly, Elder Liao, who went to his living quarters to pick him up, knew that he wasn't farting.

"You can leave for now. I will deal with this disciple and handle your conflict once she wakes up." Elder Liao said to him.

"Thank you, Elder." Su Yang bowed to her before leaving the place.

"Just who was that disciple? I have never seen him before."

The Elders started talking about Su Yang after he left.

"No clue, but I could sense something profound about him. His demeanor was also very admirable. I haven't seen a disciple like him in a long time."

"If only he wasn't born with such an ordinary face, he would've been a big hit."

"I wouldn't judge him so quickly." Elder Liao said, and she continued, "When I went to get that disciple, there were female disciples lining outside his living quarters, and there were even Inner Court disciples amongst them."

"Seriously?! Just how did he manage to do that?"

"I don't know, but there is more to him than what meets the eye." Elder Liao mumbled.

After returning to the Outcast Peak, Su Yang continued to cultivate with the disciples.

As for the female disciple that tried to harm him, she wouldn't wake up for three days straight due to how exhausted she was from the punishment.

Once she eventually woke up, the Elders questioned her about the real situation. The female disciple revealed everything to her— that she'd tried to harm Su Yang under the orders of her partner.

When the Elders found out the truth, they punished the female disciple and her partner for their acts by imprisoning them for 100 years. Although the sect doesn't mind fighting amongst disciples, the couple had taken it too far by using poison.

"Damn it! Apprentice-brother Long's plan failed! He's even being punished by the sect!" The male disciples trying to mess with Su Yang were shocked when they learned of this news.

"How the hell did it fail?! It was a foolproof plan!"

"What should we do now? That Xiao Yang will definitely up his guard after this failure."

"I know! Let's start spreading rumors about him!"

"What kind of rumors?"

"I'll say that he'd drugged my partner when she went there for a normal massage. We can even spread rumors about him from before he was a disciple of the sect. After all, he's a nobody. Who can prove anything?"

"Sounds good! I'll start right away!"

Very soon, nasty rumors of Xiao Yang began circulating within the Outer Court.

"Have you heard? Some female disciples are claiming that Disciple Xiao Yang from the Outcast Peak had drugged and assaulted her. Apparently he has a pretty bad temper too."

"Seriously? I heard that before coming to the sect, he was an illegal trafficker, who would kidnap and sell women and children."

Despite the rumors sounding incredibly fake and outrageous, it was inevitable that some people would believe them.

Although these baseless rumors didn't affect the amount of disciples visiting Su Yang's place, people started appearing in the Outcast Peak to protest his existence within the sect.

"Get out of here, you sex fiend!"

"Nobody wants you here!"

Inside the building, Mei Ying looked outside with a worried expression.

"Manager, these people… Why won't they stop bothering you? You're not doing anything you're not supposed to, either."

Su Yang smiled, "This is something you would expect to see in the outside world, not a sect, right?"

"Yes… It's quite pathetic…"

"Indeed, it will also become quite problematic if I continue to ignore them. They may resort to this kind of boring strategy for now, but they will eventually increase the pressure and do more dangerous things."

"What should we do?" She asked.

"They're only doing this because I've been cultivating with too many female disciples, and my appearance doesn't help with the situation either. If I was handsome or recognized, then things might play out differently."

"Well, it's not like I can change my appearance with a pill now that everyone already knows my face. However, I can become recognized by the sect."

"Oh?"

"I'm going to start doing sect missions to boost my popularity and reputation. This is also required if I want to become an Inner Court disciple as soon as possible."

"Furthermore, I am going to find a partner and stop messing around with random disciples. I have already spread my name enough. It's about time I get serious." Su Yang said with a profound smile on his face.