Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At the end of the day, Su Yang went outside to break the bad news to the female disciples there.

"Due to the recent commotion and my desire to become an Inner Court disciple as soon as possible, I will have to stop cultivating for some time to focus on sect missions. I hope for your understating."

"What?!"

No doubt, the female disciples there were unhappy about the news, as they have been looking forward to cultivating with him for a while now.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

However, they didn't blame Su Yang. In fact, they turned to look at the protestors standing not far away and glared at them with killing intent in their gazes.

"It's all because of those bastards! I've had enough of this! Let's go give them a piece of our mind!" One of the female disciples there suggested.

"Yeah! They're the reason Disciple Xiao stopped cultivating with us!"

The female disciples there quickly surrounded the protestors.

"W-What do you girls want from us? We're protesting peacefully here!" The protestors swallowed nervously.

"Screw your peaceful protest!"

"Yeah! You can shove that nonsense up your butt and pleasure yourself with it!"

The female disciples proceeded to plummet the protestors, dumbfounding Mei Ying and the others there.

"Ah! Help! That Xiao Yang is now tricking the female disciples into doing his dirty deeds!" The protestors cried out loud as they were punched and kicked until they were lying on the ground by the female disciples.

"If you dare to show your faces here again, we will beat you up again! And I dare you to complain to the elders!" The female disciples threatened the protestors until they all ran away with their tails tucked between their legs.

Su Yang couldn't help but smile, and he said to them, "Once I become an Inner Court disciple, I will cultivate with all of you until you're satisfied. You'll also have priority."

"Really?! Thank you, Disciple Xiao!" The female disciples were ecstatic to hear his words, even thanking him with a hug.

Once all of the female disciples left the place, the Outcast Peak returned to normal.

The Outcast Triplets came out of their houses shortly after, and they approached Su Yang, who was about to accept some missions from the mission hall.

"Heavens, Disciple Xiao. How did you manage to become so popular with a face like that? Please tell me your secrets!" Chubby Li Sang said in a pleading tone.

"You fat fuck, don't you already have a partner?! Why do you need to know his secret?! I need it more than you!" Ji Ning, who still hasn't managed to find a partner, cursed at him.

"Actually… She left me yesterday…" Li Sang sighed in a depressed voice.

"What? Already? What happened?" Ji Ning asked.

"I-I was a little too aggressive trying to get her to cultivate with me… She even called me a perverted pig before she left…" He said, feeling a strong urge to cry.

"What about you, Wu Bing? How are things with your three partners? Did they manage to get it to work?" Li Sang asked him.

Wu Bing shook his head with a bitter smile and said, "Two of them had already given up and left me, and the last one seems to be on the verge of giving up as well. I am definitely cursed or something."

"Maybe you need to find the right woman." Su Yang suddenly said with a smile, and he continued, "There was a time when I couldn't get my thing to work after a certain tragedy, but the moment I laid eyes on a certain someone, my heart raced, and my thing started working again."

"Seriously? You had that kind of experience?" The Outcast Triplets looked at him with raised eyebrows.

"Anyways, I am going to do some sect missions, so I will see you all later." Su Yang then said.

"Alright. Good luck, Disciple Xiao! And don't mind the rumors! We believe in you!"

Once Su Yang left, Ji Ning sighed, "Between the four of us, Disciple Xiao is definitely at the bottom in terms of appearance, yet he's cultivated with more female disciples than all three of us have spoken to… combined…"

"Don't forget that he's also new to the sect. Just how does he do it?" Li Sang mumbled out loud.

"There's just something special about him. When I look at him, I don't see a naive disciple but an experienced cultivator. Although he tries to hide it, he naturally emanates the aura of an expert who's lived for thousands of years, just like my grandfather." Wu Bing said.

"Just who is Xiao Yang? He gets more mysterious every time we see him." Ji Ning mumbled.

Meanwhile, after arriving at the mission hall, Su Yang began looking around for an appropriate mission that would give him plenty of reputation.

Very quickly, he found something.

'Oh? A sect elder is looking for a high-quality Yang Qi? This should be good enough for now.'

Despite cultivating with so many female disciples, Su Yang has yet to reveal to the sect his true potential— his ridiculously high-quality Yang Qi that would make even Core Disciples jealous.

However, it was not as though he could casually reveal this secret to the sect. After all, if this information got into the hands of someone evil or greedy, he could be putting himself at risk, as he was still too weak to protect himself from most of the people in this sect.

'My cultivation may have improved significantly from cultivating with so many disciples, but I am still nowhere near powerful enough. My backing is also nonexistent in this place. I will need to find someone who can support me, preferably a sect elder.'

After memorizing the details of the mission, Su Yang left the mission hall and returned home to prepare.

The following day, he left his living quarters and made his way to the area where most sect elders dwelled— the Grand Yin Yang Peak.