Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"What is your business here at Grand Yin Yang Peak, Outer Court disciple?" The disciples guarding the place asked Su Yang when he approached the entrance.

"I am here to see Elder Yao for a sect mission." Su Yang showed the disciples a glass jar filled with Yang Qi.

The disciples were familiar with Elder Yao and her desire for high quality Yang Qi, so they didn't doubt Su Yang's purpose for being there.

"Alright, go ahead. However, you are not to wander around the Grand Yin Yang Peak. Go straight to Elder Yao's place. Once you are done, you will immediately come back outside. If you are caught wandering, you will be severely punished." The disciples warned him.

"I understand." He nodded and entered the place shortly after.

Once he was inside the Grand Yin Yang Peak, Su Yang flew straight to Elder Yao's living quarters without stopping, almost as though he knew the place like it was on the back of his hand.

He knocked on the door when he arrived at her doorstep.

A few moments later, a beautiful woman wearing blue robes appeared before him.

She had long black hair and a pair of azure-colored eyes that resembled a clear sea. Her body was well-proportioned, not to mention her long and slender legs. Her facial features were delicate yet sharp, but it was incomparable to her gaze that felt like real swords.

When Elder Yao saw Su Yang standing on her doorstep, she raised an eyebrow and asked, "What do you want, Outer Court disciple?"

However, Su Yang didn't respond, seemingly a little dazed.

Elder Yao frowned, and she spoke again, "If you're here to waste my time—"

"I apologize, Elder Yao. You were so beautiful that it caught me off guard." Su Yang suddenly interrupted.

And he continued, "My name is Xiao Yang, and I am here regarding your sect mission. You're looking for high-quality Yang Qi, right? I'm not sure if this will satisfy someone of your standards, but I am quite confident of its quality."

Elder Yao accepted his jar of Yang Qi and inspected it with her eyes.

'This Yang Qi is extremely pure… I have never seen anything like this before! Whoever produced this Yang Qi is definitely an expert with a lot of experience! His body could even be considered a treasure!' Elder Yao was inwardly surprised by the quality of Su Yang's Yang Qi.

Even amongst the Core Disciples, there were very few who could even come close to its quality.

"Where did you get something like this?" Elder Yao asked Su Yang a moment later.

"Sorry, but the supplier wishes to remain anonymous. I hope you can understand." He shook his head with a bittersweet smile.

Elder Yao didn't blame him. After all, the Yang Qi in her hands could potentially put the producer in danger.

"Fine, then let me ask you something else. Do you have any more of this Yang Qi?"

"I have several more jars." He nodded.

"Come inside." Elder Yan allowed him to enter her living quarters.

"Follow me." She said to him a moment later.

He nodded and followed her to another room in this house.

'A cauldron, huh? As I thought, she's not really a dual cultivator.' Su Yang thought to himself after seeing the cauldron in the room.

Although he already suspected this from the scent of medicine around her body, the cauldron confirmed his suspicions.

"Wow, you're an alchemist as well? You're very talented, Elder Yao." Su Yang decided to act ignorant and praised her.

"You don't know who I am?" She looked at him with raised eyebrows.

"Please don't be offended, Elder Yao. I just came to this sect not long ago, so I still don't know a lot about this sect."

"Well, I am Yao Qiang, and I am the sect's exclusive alchemist. I mainly produce Yang Qi Pills for the sect."

"So you're not a dual cultivator?" He asked.

"No, I am not."

"I see…"

"Anyways, put all of your Yang Qi inside this box." Elder Yao pointed at the wooden box in the corner of the room.

"I understand."

Su Yang quickly placed all 7 jars of his Yang Qi into this wooden box.

"Since the Yang Qi that you have brought me today are above my expectations and quite frankly the best I've ever received, I will give you 100 pleasure points and a special reward. I will concoct a pill for you. What kind of pill do you want?" Elder Yao asked him.

"Uhh…" Su Yang did not know how to reject her offer without offending her.

After all, he already had all of the pills that he needed, and they were all concocted by the best alchemist in the Divine Heavens.

"I cannot really think of anything right now…" He eventually said.

"Then how about a Golden Yang Pill? Most Outer Court disciples would kill for these pills since it can greatly boost the quality of your Yang Qi," she suggested.

"Really? You'll concoct me a Golden Yang Pill?" He decided to just accept the Golden Yang Pill even though he could concoct one by himself.

"If you promise to bring me more of these Yang Qi." She pointed at the box.

"Of course! I will definitely acquire more in the future!"

Elder Yao nodded and said, "Give me the location of your residence. I will have someone deliver the pill to you later."

A moment later.

"Outcast Peak?" Elder Yao raised her eyebrows after learning about his residence, but she was not too surprised because of his appearance.

"You can expect the pill within three days." Elder Yao said a moment later.

Su Yang thanked her before leaving the Grand Yin Yang Peak.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Once Su Yang left, Elder Yao returned to her room and retrieved one of the jars and opened it.

She proceeded to move the Yang Qi in front of her face before taking a deep breath.

"As I thought, this Yang Qi is so pure that it has a pleasant fragrance. As long as I have this quality of Yang Qi, I will be able to produce the best Yang Qi Pills in the entire sect. That disciple just now… I need to make sure that he will continue to assist me even if he's approached by the others..." She mumbled to herself.