After leaving the Grand Yin Yang Peak, Su Yang returned to the mission hall to look for his second mission.

Since the last mission was finished so quickly, he decided to take on another one, but he was having difficulty finding another suitable mission.

Although there were plenty of missions there, most of them were from disciples with very few from sect elders, and if he wanted to be promoted to an Inner Court disciple, he needed to curry favors from sect elders, so he would only waste time by doing other missions.

As for those missions from sect elders, all of them were either a pain in the ass or not something he wanted to do.

After looking around for several more minutes and still unable to find any mission that he wanted to do, Su Yang decided to just give up and head to the Square of Devotion to look for a potential partner.

Once he arrived at the Square of Devotion, he thought to himself, 'There's a lot less people here than there were several weeks ago.'

More than half of the disciples had found their partner since his last visit, but the two most attractive and desirable female disciples still appeared to be single.

Of course, it was Disciple Fei and Lin Xinyi, and they were both there at the same time.

Su Yang pondered for a moment about who to approach first, and after standing there in silence for a few moments, he decided to approach the graceful young lady sitting by the fountain.

"It's been a while, Senior apprentice-sister Lin. How have you been lately?" He asked her with a gentle smile on his face.

"Same as usual. What about you? I heard about the rumors," she said.

"How embarrassing… Do you believe in those rumors?"

Lin Xinyi stared at him in silence for a few seconds before speaking, "No, I don't. My roommate has actually experienced your 'service', and she's been praising your ability since then, even encouraging me to try it."

The smile on Su Yang's face grew a little after hearing her words, and he spoke, "If you want, I can let you experience it as well. Of course, I won't do anything that you don't want. Since you still have your Pure Yin Essence, how about a regular massage?"

Lin Xinyi raised her eyebrows, "I thought you closed your little business."

"You already heard about it? It hasn't even been that long since I announced it."

"Words travel fast within the outer court, not to mention my roommate, who has been crying since she heard it. She's actually the reason I decided to come here." Lin Xinyi sighed.

"I see… Anyways, although my business is closed to the public, that doesn't mean I can't accept private customers. I promise you that you won't regret it."

Lin Xinyi didn't completely trust Su Yang yet, but she was also very curious about his massage, especially since her roommate kept praising him.

"I-I will do the massage only if I get to keep my clothes on," she said after pondering for a moment.

"Sure." Su Yang nodded without hesitation.

"Do you want to do it now?"

"I do."

Lin Xinyi stood up and followed Su Yang out of the Square of Devotion.

When the others there saw this, their eyes widened with shock. As for the male disciples that had been trying to court her, their eyes flared up with envy.

"What?! How can she leave with someone that fucking ugly?!"

"Hey! I recognize that disciple! He's Xiao Yang! The new disciple with a massage parlor in the Outcast Peak! There are numerous bad rumors surrounding him!"

"Fuck! I think she's being tricked by him! Let's stop them before that happens!"

The male disciples in the square suddenly blocked Su Yang's path.

"Junior apprentice-sister! I don't know what he said to you, but you're being tricked! This bastard is a devious pervert who drugs and assaults female disciples that enter his room!"

"That's right! He'll definitely steal your Pure Yin Essence if you follow him!"

"..."

Su Yang narrowed his eyes at these handsome male disciples before him.

"There is one thing I hate more than people who accuse me of sexual assault— men who purposefully try to get in my way out of jealousy because they're just that pathetic."

"Did you just call us pathetic?! How dare you!"

"Take a good look in the mirror first before you call us pathetic!"

"We're not doing this out of jealousy! We just don't want someone as innocent and pure as Junior apprentice-sister Lin to become a victim!"

"That's right! You're just trying to trick her so that you can acquire her Pure Yin Essence!"

Su Yang suddenly closed his eyes and took a long and deep breath.

When he opened his eyes, it flickered with killing intent, and he spoke in a cold voice, "There are two ways to get rid of unwanted rumors. I can either ignore it and let them disappear over time, or I can get rid of them myself. I think I have been patient enough."

He suddenly retrieved a sword from his storage ring and pointed it at the group of startled disciples before him.

"The next person to stand in my way— I will challenge to a Life or Death match."

"What?!" Lin Xinyi and the other disciples exclaimed after hearing his words.

After a moment of silence, one of the male disciples snapped out of his daze and stepped forward while shouting, "You think I am afraid of you?! If you want to die an early death, then I will gladly fulfill your wishes!"

The disciple emanated an aura at the Divine Spirit Realm. He was an entire realm above Su Yang, who was still at the Sovereign Spirit Realm.

"D-Disciple Xiao! There's no need for you to do something so rash! I get that you're angry, but it's not something worth losing your life to!" Lin Xinyi tried to convince him to step back.

After all, Su Yang gave her a valuable gift very recently, and it would leave a bad taste in her mouth if he got himself killed because of her.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com