Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Su Yang turned to look at Lin Xinyi and smiled, "Don't worry, I only pick fights that I know I can win. These losers who can't even find a partner— they won't last even a single strike from me."

Lin Xinyi's eyes widened with shock after hearing his words. How can someone say something so arrogant when he's an entire cultivation realm below his opponent?

"Hahaha! You think you can defeat me with one strike?! Good! When do you want to enter the stage?! I'm free whenever!"

Su Yang turned to look at Lin Xinyi and spoke in a calm voice, "Do you mind waiting a little longer for the massage? I'd like to warm up my arm for maximum satisfaction."

"Does it really have to be a life-or-death though? Why can't it just be a normal spar?" she asked with a worried frown.

"Those who slander my name deserves death."

Lin Xinyi sighed, "Alright… Do whatever you want."

Su Yang and the group of male disciples went to confirm their life-or-death match afterward.

"What is your reason for fighting to death?" The Sect Elder in charge of disciple disputes asked them with a raised eyebrow.

"He slandered my name and reputation, even trying to stop me from getting a partner. If that doesn't deserve the death sentence…" Su Yang said with a nonchalant look on his face.

"This bastard is known for assaulting women! I was just trying to stop another disciple from becoming his victim, and he suddenly decided to fight me to death. Although I dislike violence, I need to teach this bastard a lesson!" said the disciple fighting Su Yang.

After pondering for a moment, the Elder turned to look at Su Yang and spoke, "I understand your frustration, but aren't you being a little too hasty? Your opponent is a whole cultivation realm above you."

Su Yang looked at the disciple and smiled, "Even if he's two realms above me, he won't be able to defeat me. His foundation is too weak."

"Oh?" The Elder seemed surprised by Su Yang's words.

He turned to look at the disciple, who was fuming at this moment, and thought to himself, 'How can he tell that this disciple has a weak foundation? Even I can't see anything myself…'

"Alright, since you want to fight to the death so much, I will authorize it."

The Sect Elder proceeded to hand Su Yang and the other disciple a token with the word 'Death' engraved into it.

"You can enter the stage whenever you want. I expect one of you to return the Death Tokens afterward. If you don't… Let's just say you will wish that you'd died on the stage instead."

"Thank you, Elder."

Su Yang and the other disciple thanked the Sect Elder before leaving the place.

They made their way to the Life or Death Peak, where all death matches are held.

The Life or Death Peak was just a lonely mountain with a single stage on the top.

Normally, this place would be crowded with disciples to spectate, but because of how sudden Su Yang's deathmatch was, there was almost no time for their match to spread.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Besides a couple of disciples from the Square of Devotion that had witnessed the commotion and came here in advance, it was practically empty.

"I bet you'd envisioned taking your last breath beside your loved ones, but unfortunately, this is where you will die, and it will be a lonely one." The disciple said to Su Yang as they both entered the stage.

"Are those your last words? Not that anybody will care about it…" Su Yang stood on the stage with a calm expression on his face.

"Show me your Death Tokens." The person in charge of the Life or Death Peak suddenly approached them and asked.

Su Yang and the disciple showed the middle-aged man their Death Tokens.

"Make sure you introduce yourselves before you start. I need to record it, after all." The middle-aged man suddenly took out a bamboo chair and sat right before the stage, acting as though he was watching a performance.

"You may start." He casually waved at them.

"Shao Jianjun, Outer Court disciple." The male disciple on the stage introduced himself first.

"Xiao Yang, Outer Court disciple."

After their introduction, they both retrieved their weapons.

Su Yang obviously decided to use a sword. As for Shao Jianjun, he also chose the sword.

Both of their weapons radiated the aura of a Divine-grade treasure. However, the aura on Shao Jianjun's sword was slightly sharper, which wasn't surprising considering that Su Yang's treasure came from the mortal world whilst Shao Jianjun's treasure was forged in the Divine Heavens, where resources are much more powerful and plentiful.

Shao Jianjun sneered after seeing Su Yang's treasure, "Where did you acquire that garbage? I hope you didn't forget about what you said before— that you'll be able to defeat me in a single strike."

Su Yang smiled and said, "It'll end before you even realize."

He then retrieved a spirit stone and showed it to Shao Jianjun.

"I will toss this into the sky. The match will begin the moment it touches the stage."

He then flicked the spirit stone into the air.

Shao Jianjun immediately got into an offensive position.

Su Yang, however, just casually stood there without a care in the world as the wind caressed his silky black hair.

Three seconds later, the spirit stone finally fell back down and landed right between Su Yang and Shao Jianjun.

"DIE!"

Shao Jianjun roared as he released his cultivation base.

However, before he could even unleash his sword technique, Shao Jianjun felt a cold breeze caressed his neck, causing all of his movements to stop instantly.

The next moment, all of the spectators around the stage gasped in shock as they witnessed Shao Jianjun's head fall off his shoulders.

However, nobody there saw what had happened— not even the middle-aged man.

Lin Xinyi stared at Su Yang's still figure on the stage with a dazed look on her face.

'What just happened?' she wondered to herself.