Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Thud.

Shao Jianjun's headless body fell down shortly after his head did, causing a river of blood to flow from his wound.

The middle-aged man stood up from his bamboo chair with a shocked look on his face.

"W-What just happened?! What did you do just now?! I couldn't even see you move!" The middle-aged man demanded an answer.

He was a cultivator at the Divine Lord Realm, yet he was unable to follow an attack done by a cultivator at the Sovereign Spirit Realm. If news got out, he would be a laughing stock.

Su Yang turned to look at the middle-aged man with a calm expression and spoke, "That's because I didn't move."

"What…?"

Su Yang's answer dumbfounded the people there even more.

He didn't move? If he didn't move, how did he decapitate Shao Jianjun, who was many meters away? That seemed impossible even with a hidden weapon.

"You couldn't sense it because you don't understand it, but I used Sword Will to kill him just now."

"Sword Will?!" The middle-aged man exclaimed after hearing Su Yang's claims.

The disciples there were also shocked.

Although it made sense why they couldn't see the attack since none of them were Swordmasters, it didn't make sense for someone like Su Yang to know Sword Will.

After all, he was only an Outer Court disciple at the Boundless Yin Yang Sect! He was not even a sword cultivator but a dual cultivator! How does a dual cultivator at his young age know Sword Will that only prominent Swordmasters would know?

"S-Stop lying to me… There's no way you could use Sword Will!" The middle-aged man said a moment later, clearly in disbelief.

It was not just the middle-aged man. The disciples there also didn't believe Su Yang words— they didn't dare to.

"Why would I lie to you? What do I gain from that?" Su Yang raised an eyebrow.

"If you used Sword Will, then why in heaven's name did you even draw your sword?! That seems like a pointless action!" The middle-aged man exclaimed.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Because it is a pointless action. I drew the sword just because I felt like it. I never intended to use it."

"Anyways, who else wants to slander my name? You can come up to the stage and die."

Su Yang's sharp gaze swept the disciples that had been with Shao Jianjun this entire time.

Their bodies shivered when they felt Su Yang's gaze, and they could also feel a cold sensation suddenly appearing around their neck.

"W-We don't dare! We never believed in the rumors! It was just Shao Jianjun! He was the only one who believed it!" One of them suddenly said.

"Is that so? Then can you do me a favor and return our Death Tokens to the sect? My schedule has already been pushed back enough."

"Of course! We will return it for you!"

Su Yang tossed his Death Token to Shao Jianjun's friends and pointed at the headless corpse on the stage, "You can find the other one over there."

He walked off the stage and approached Lin Xinyi.

"See? I told you that everything would be fine. Now let's get out of here and continue with our business."

Lin Xinyi could only silently nod her head.

The two of them left the Life or Death Peak shortly after.

The middle-aged man stared at Su Yang's back as he disappeared into the horizon.

'Ordinary Sword Will wouldn't have the power to sever someone's head from a distance. His understanding of Sword Will must be quite frightening! But how is that possible? Why would someone who can use Sword Will to that extent come to a sect meant for dual cultivators? If the sword sects out there knew that someone like him was here, they would definitely come here to make a ruckus and demand we give him to them…'

Sometime later, Shao Jianjun's friends returned to the Sect Elder that approved of the death match in order to return the Death Tokens.

Seeing these disciples, the Sect Elder spoke, "I see… So your friend won, huh? I knew that the disciple wouldn't survive. He was too rash…"

The disciples exchanged awkward looks with each other, and one of them eventually spoke, revealing the truth to the Sect Elder.

"Actually… Shao Jianjun lost… The other disciple won."

"What?!" The Elder exclaimed.

"It's true. In fact, the match didn't even last a second. That Xiao Yang killed Shao Jianjun without even moving the moment the match began!"

"How did that happen? Tell me everything!" The Sect Elder demanded for more information.

The disciples couldn't refuse and recalled everything that had happened, which didn't take very long.

"Sword Will? An Outer Court disciple of our Boundless Yin Yang Sect can use Sword Will? What kind of nonsense is that? He's obviously messing with you guys! I don't know what he did since I wasn't there, but it definitely wasn't Sword Will!"

The disciples didn't want to argue with the elder, so they all agreed with him. Of course, it wasn't as though they believed Su Yang either.

By the time Su Yang returned to his home, news of his death match with Shao Jianjun had already spread throughout the sect.

"What? Disciple Xiao is also a swordmaster on top of being a masseur and dual cultivator?"DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"There's no way he'd used Sword Will! He must have used some kind of illusion to trick everyone!"

Most of the disciples that heard the news didn't believe that Su Yang could use Sword Will. The only people willing to believe him were those that have cultivated with him before.

"That Xiao Yang can use Sword Will…? There's no way… right?" Disciple Fei didn't want to believe the rumors either, but she couldn't shake off this unfathomable feeling in her guts that's telling her otherwise.

Meanwhile, inside his room, Su Yang stared at Lin Xiyin, who was lying on his bed with her back facing the ceiling.

"If you touch me inappropriately, I will immediately leave, do you understand me?" Lin Xinyi said to him in a stern voice.

"I won't betray your trust." Su Yang said with a smile on his face.