Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After stretching his arms for a moment, Su Yang pressed his slender fingers into Lin Xinyi's back.

Lin Xinyi, who had her eyes closed, suddenly snapped her eyes open and tightly gritted her teeth after feeling the weird sensation in her body.

'What is this feeling?!' she cried inwardly as an overwhelming sense of pleasure expanded throughout her entire body.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

She tightly clenched her jaw to resist this strong urge to start moaning.

'H-He's not doing anything weird, is he?!' Lin Xinyi used her divine sense to look at what Su Yang was doing to her body, and to her surprise, it looked fairly ordinary.

He wasn't doing anything inappropriate, and he seemed to be just pressing his fingers on her back. However, this didn't explain the profound sensation in her body.

This continued for a few minutes until Lin Xinyi could no longer endure it.

"S-Stop!" She suddenly exclaimed.

Su Yang's movements halted the moment he heard her voice.

"Is there something wrong?" He asked her a moment later.

"I-I just need a break…" She said in a panting voice.

"It will feel better if you stop resisting your urges and let it all out. That's the whole point of this massage— to relax your body and relieve all built up stress." Su Yang said.

"B-But that's…" Lin Xinyi wanted to say that would be too embarrassing, but that in itself was too embarrassing to say.

"There's no need to be ashamed. It's only natural. Also, we're dual cultivators. If we care too much about this kind of stuff, we will never improve."

"Even if you say that…" She remained hesitant.

Su Yang pondered for a moment before speaking, "Well, there's no point in forcing you. If you want to stop here, I don't mind."

"Thank you…" Lin Xinyi said.

While Lin Xinyi took a break, Su Yang sat beside the bed and closed his eyes to cultivate.

Lin Xinyi watched him with a profound look on her face.

'Disciple Xiao… When he stood on the stage and fought that disciple, he looked like Su Yang for a moment…'

Lin Xinyi was referring to the way Su Yang stood on the stage— filled with confidence and with an indomitable spirit, just like Su Yang's statue that would always stand there dominantly.

'Now that I think about it, Su Yang used to be a swordmaster before he became a dual cultivator…'

'If I want to become a dual cultivator like Su Yang, I need to resolve myself…'

Sometime later, Lin Xinyi said, "Disciple Xiao, I am ready to continue."

Su Yang opened his eyes and nodded.

He approached her on the bed and started massaging her body again.

Lin Xinyi immediately gritted her teeth when the weird sensation returned, and it felt even stronger than before for some reason.

'The break didn't help at all! In fact, it made it even worse!' She cried inwardly.

"Relax your jaw," Su Yang suddenly said to her in a soothing tone.

"Close your eyes."

Almost as though she was charmed by his voice, Lin Xinyi subconsciously loosened the muscle in her mouth a little and slowly closed her eyes.

"Now take a deep breath." Su Yang continued to speak a few moments later.

"And release it."

Right as Lin Xinyi released her breath, Su Yang slowly pressed his fingers on her back, pacing it with her breathing.

'What is this feeling…? It feels like my body is melting…" Lin Xinyi wondered to herself, and it felt like her soul was slowly floating towards heaven.

"Aaah…"

Although it was very low and almost inaudible, Lin Xinyi released her first moan.

"Mmm…"

Then a second, this time sounding a little louder.

Unbeknownst to Lin Xinyi, Su Yang was actually manipulating the volume of her moaning so that it wasn't too conspicuous, allowing Lin Xinyi to slowly get accustomed to it. After all, it was impossible to get a shy girl to suddenly start screaming in a busy street.

Over the next several minutes, Lin Xinyi's voice would get louder and louder.

However, Su Yang suddenly stopped the massage once she reached a certain volume.

"Alright, let's end it here today." Su Yang said to her, who was still somewhat in a dazed state.

"Huh…?" Lin Xinyi turned to look at him with a dazed face.

"Since this is your first time doing something like this, let's take it slow. If you want to do this again, feel free to come back tomorrow. I will be free for the next few days, anyway."

"O-Okay…" Lin Xinyi nodded.

Although she wanted him to continue, she didn't have the courage to ask him.

Lin Xinyi thanked Su Yang before leaving his living quarters and returning home.

When she returned to her room, Lin Xinyi removed her clothes and undergarments.

"It's wet…" Lin Xinyi stared at her soaked underwear with a look of disbelief on her face.

After snapping out of her daze, she touched the lips between her legs to feel a sticky and slimy sensation.

She swallowed nervously, and she began caressing it out of curiosity.

Despite wanting to be a dual cultivator, she rarely plays with herself. However, for the remainder of that day, she would spend most of her time rubbing her own slit in bed until she fell asleep.

The following day, after cleaning her body thoroughly and even putting on some light makeup, Lin Xinyi made her way to the Outcast Peak for another massage session, her heart beating louder and louder the closer she got to Su Yang's living quarters.

Once she arrived, she knocked on the door and anxiously waited for it to open.

"Good morning, Disciple Lin." Su Yang greeted her with a friendly smile on his face.

"Did you sleep well last night?"

Lin Xinyi nodded in a bashful manner, "Yes…"

"That's good to hear. Then are you here for another massage?"

"Yes…"

"I understand. Please come inside."

"Thank you, and excuse me…" Lin Xinyi said as she entered the building and followed Su Yang into his bedroom.