Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Please go easy on me today, Disciple Xiao…" Lin Xinyi mumbled in a bashful voice as she laid her soft body on the bed.

"So you don't want me to make you feel good?" Su Yang asked her as stretched his fingers.

"That's not it… Forget it…"

"Don't worry…" Su Yang spoke in a soothing tone as he caressed his fingers down her soft back, "Just close your eyes and enjoy it…"

Lin Xinyi's body trembled just from the sound of his voice, and when she felt his fingers combing down her back, her little sister began tingling with anticipation.

Su Yang began massaging her back shortly after.

Unlike yesterday, Lin Xinyi's body was no longer as tense, and she stopped resisting her voice as much, allowing her gentle moans to fill the quiet room.

"That's right… Loosen your shoulders a little more… Now take a deep breath…" Su Yang continued to guide her with his voice.

Even without needing to check herself, Lin Xinyi could tell that her undergarments were soaked in Yin Qi, and her craving for something to satisfy her passionate little sister was growing with every passing moment.

A few minutes into the massage, Lin Xinyi could suddenly feel a sharp sensation in her lower area.

This was a familiar sensation to Lin Xinyi, who felt the very same sharp sensation yesterday when she was playing with herself.

'I'm going to climax! And I'm going to do it in front of someone!' She cried inwardly.

The thought of telling Su Yang to stop his massage like before crossed Lin Xinyi's mind, but before she could open her mouth, almost as though he predicted her thoughts, Su Yang inserted his index finger deep into her lower back.

An electrifying sensation scattered across the interior of Lin Xinyi's body, instantly destroying the resistance she'd built.

The following second, her body would twitch uncontrollably as a river of Yin Qi flowed from her lower slit.

The Yin Qi river stopped flowing a few seconds later, and when Lin Xinyi realized what had just happened, she jumped out of the bed and proceeded to stare at Su Yang with a flushed face, looking like she'd just done something unbelievable.

Su Yang chuckled at her reaction and said, "There's nothing to be ashamed of. It happens to everyone that receives a massage from me, if that makes you feel better."

Indeed, hearing that all of his customers experienced the same thing made Lin Xinyi feel much better.

"I'm sorry… This is new to me, so…"

Seeing her face, Su Yang became silent.

A moment later, he asked in a low voice, "If you don't mind me asking, why are you trying to become a dual cultivator? I don't want to sound rude, but you… don't seem very eager to become one."

Lin Xinyi couldn't rebuke Su Yang's words even if she wanted to.

"You're right. I never imagined that I would try to become a dual cultivator until recently. However, even though I've resolved myself multiple times, I get cold feet when it's actually time to do it."

Lin Xinyi noticed the worried look on Su Yang's face and quickly said, "Oh, don't worry. It's not like I am forced to walk this path or anything. This was my decision."

"As for why… I'm not really too sure myself. I think it has something to do with the God of Pleasure, but I don't know what."

"The God of Pleasure…?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows. He wondered what he had to do with her decision to become a dual cultivator.

"Ever since I learned about him, I couldn't get him off my mind." Lin Xinyi spoke with a dazed look on her face.

And she began speaking in a somewhat subconscious manner, "My parents are always arguing with each other. My mother often complains about my father, who has six wives, not loving her enough— that he favors them more than her despite being the first wife."

"I always thought it was impossible for one man to love so many wives equally, but when I heard stories about the God of Pleasure, I began to doubt myself. The God of Pleasure has over 50 wives, yet he's managed to love them equally— at least that's what people say since there's never been any complaints from his wives."

"However, that's not even the most surprising part. Despite having so many wives, the God of Pleasure still cultivates with others that are not from the family, yet his wives do not complain, almost as though they are confident that it would not affect their relationship with him. I cannot fathom it."

"How does he achieve that? Does he really love his wives equally? Is this an exclusive ability for dual cultivators? I wanted to find out. Maybe that's why I am here today. Though, after spending almost a year in this sect, I can tell that's not something all dual cultivators can do."

"..."

Su Yang listened to Lin Xinyi rambling in complete silence.

"S-Sorry… I didn't mean to talk so much— I don't even know why I said such things. You can forget it." Lin Xinyi eventually snapped out of her daze, and when she realized what she'd just uttered, her face flushed again.

Su Yang shook his head, "This may sound presumptuous of me, but I understand your feelings, and I think I know why you're here."Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"What…?" Lin Xinyi stared at him with wide eyes.

"You—"

Just as Su Yang opened his mouth, Mei Ying knocked on the door and interrupted, "Manager! This is urgent! There's a Sect Elder outside that's demanding for you!"

Su Yang took a deep breath and said, "Sorry, I will be right back."

Lin Xinyi shook her head, "It's fine. I was planning on leaving for today, anyway."

Su Yang didn't urge her to stay and silently nodded his head.

The two of them went outside together a moment later.

"Elder Yao? What are you doing here?" Su Yang asked her, who was standing outside his house.

She cleared her throat and said, "I know I said that I'd get someone to deliver the Golden Yang Pill to you, but I have something to ask you, so I came here instead."