Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Here, take this." Elder Yao tossed a pill bottle containing the Golden Yang Pill at Su Yang.

After catching it, Su Yang tossed it inside his storage ring without even looking at it, causing Elder Yao to raise an eyebrow. Most disciples would take a moment to admire her pills, yet Su Yang didn't show even the slightest interest in them.

"What would you like to ask me, Elder?" He asked her afterward.

"Well, the Golden Yang Pills I concocted using the Yang Qi that you'd supplied me turned out to be much better quality than I'd anticipated, and I was wondering when you'll be able to supply me with more."

Su Yang expected something like this.

"To be honest, I'm not sure…" He sighed.

"Is that so…" Elder Yao frowned slightly.

'Is he telling the truth, or does he want something in return?' She wondered inwardly.

After a moment of silence, she said, "To tell you the truth, the Sect Leader had urged me to make more of these pills after showing her the result."

A mysterious light flickered in Su Yang's eyes when he heard 'Sect Leader'.

Elder Yao continued, "So if you can supply me with more of that Yang Qi, I will speak of your contributions to her. Who knows, she might even reward you."DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Really?! Then I will try my best to acquire more!" Su Yang acted like a child before a wrapped present, pretending to be excited about the potential reward.

'How easy.' Elder Yao smirked inwardly after seeing how successful her 'bait' was.

"I am counting on you. Whenever you receive more Yang Qi, come straight to me. I'll even give you this for easy access." Elder Yao tossed another item at him.

It was a medallion with her name on it, which would allow him to enter the Grand Yin Yang Peak whenever he wanted.

"Don't let me catch you abusing it because I will turn you into a pill." Elder Yao warned him with a cold face.

"I wouldn't dare." Su Yang bowed to her.

Elder Yao didn't linger for much longer and left right after.

"That was Elder Yao… What's your deal with her?" Lin Xinyi couldn't help but ask out of curiosity.

"It's nothing. I am just assisting her with something."

'She mentioned Yang Qi… Is he giving his Yang Qi to her?' Lin Xinyi wondered inwardly as she stared at Su Yang's ordinary-looking face.

"Anyways, I will leave now. Thank you for today, and I'm sorry about the weird atmosphere towards the end. It was my fault."

Su Yang shook his head, "Don't think like that. I'm glad you opened up to me and told me about your situation."

Lin Xinyi silently nodded, and without saying anything else, she flew away.

As she got further away from the Outcast Peak, Lin Xinyi wondered inwardly, 'What was he about to tell me? What does he understand about me?'

She couldn't get it off her mind even long after she returned home.

"Where'd you go so early in the morning, Junior apprentice-sister Lin?" Her roommate asked when she noticed Lin Xinyi sneaking back into the house.

Startled, Lin Xinyi stuttered, "I-I-I was at the Square of Devotion!"

"This early? Oh, Junior apprentice-sister, how much longer are you going to continue with this farce? You are clearly eager to find a partner if you're working so hard, so why are you still single? It's almost been a year, and you've rejected every disciple that approached you. Did you make a bet with Disciple Fei to see who could last the longest without a partner or something? If not, I don't get it."

"I… don't know…" Lin Xinyi had a dejected look on her face.

"By the way, I heard that you've been getting along with Disciple Xiao recently, even following him back to his place. Did you fuck?"

"O-Of course not!" Lin Xinyi hastily replied with a flushed face.

"Then are you going to make him your partner? Although his appearance is lacking, his ability is on par with Inner Court disciples if not even better. There are a lot of fellow disciples chasing after him right now, including some Inner Court disciples."

"Disciple Xiao as my partner…?" Lin Xinyi suddenly imagined the two of them embracing each other on the bed, making her flustered.

"E-Enough! I am going to rest!" She quickly ran to her room, locking herself inside.

Her roommate merely shook her head and smiled inwardly, 'Did you really come back from the Square of Devotion, Junior apprentice-sister? It's so obvious that you'd climaxed just before coming back.'

Since she didn't want to kill Lin Xinyi with embarrassment, the roommate kept this fact to herself.

Meanwhile, back at his own room, Su Yang pondered about what he should do next.

'If the Sect Leader is really involved, I can use this chance to truly make a name for myself…'

After spending the entire day thinking about it, Su Yang left his house early the next morning and made his way to Elder Yao's living quarters.

"Huh? You're already back with more Yang Qi?" Elder Yao was pleasantly surprised to see him so soon again.

"Sorry, but I don't have any Yang Qi with me today."

"Then why are you here?" Elder Yao's expression quickly became displeased.

"This is about what you told me yesterday— about being rewarded. I would like to make a request to the Sect Leader in exchange for more Yang Qi."

"..."

Elder Yao was speechless. Who would've thought that a mere Outer Court disciple would have the audacity to make a request from the Sect Leader for some Yang Qi.

'Did the bait work too well?' She sighed inwardly.

"Normally, this is where I will yell at you before kicking you out, but I'll hear you out," she said a moment later. "And you better choose your words wisely since I can still do those things."

Su Yang nodded, and he quickly spoke without any hesitation, "I can guarantee at least 3 bottles of Yang Qi every week if the Sect Leader allows me to accept sect missions from outside the sect."