Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Wait a second…" Elder Yao rubbed her eyes after hearing Su Yang's request.

"Let me get this straight. You, an Outer Court disciple, who has been in the sect for less than a year, wants to do missions outside of the sect, something only Inner Court disciples are allowed to do?"

Su Yang nodded with a calm smile, "You didn't hear wrong. That is exactly what I want."

"Sorry, but that's not possible." Elder Yao outright refused his request.

"May I ask why?" He asked her even though he already had a good idea of her reasoning.

"Are you worried that I might lose my life because of my weak cultivation base?"

Elder Yao shook her head, "If only it were that simple. Listen, we only allow Inner Court disciples to accept missions outside mostly because they have enough experience and ability. Unlike normal sects, the missions assigned to us are not your ordinary missions and are all related to dual cultivation, so your achievements will affect the sect's reputation more than usual."

"And with more and more dual cultivation sects appearing in the Divine Heavens as of lately, we need to be more careful than ever when it comes to sending the right disciple to represent us outside."

"If we send an inexperienced disciple outside and they show disappointing results, our entire sect will be mocked by the other dual cultivation sects. Things weren't like this a few thousand years ago, but ever since the God of Pleasure's appearance, more cultivators have come to accept dual cultivation, hence the increase in these sects."

Elder Yao explained the situation to him.

When an ordinary disciple fails their mission, the sect would usually send a different disciple to try again. However, in the world of dual cultivation, one doesn't simply just replace the disciple after a failed mission, as the person that requested the mission will most likely seek a partner from a different sect, just like how if a customer is disappointed by their partner in a motel, they would try their luck in a new place until they find one suitable for their taste.

In the past, when the Boundless Yin Yang Sect was the only dual cultivation sect, such problems did not exist. Unfortunately for them, there are multiple sects focused on dual cultivation in this era, giving them some needed competition.

Furthermore, each dual cultivation sect has their unique pleasure techniques, so one's experience with each sect could differ greatly.

"Oh, so you're worried about my abilities? That's much simpler than I expected. I think my reputation already speaks for itself, but I am willing to take a test. If I fail this test, I will give up on trying to go outside." Su Yang said after some pondering.

"Why do you wish to go outside so badly? What are you trying to seek that you cannot find in the sect?" Elder Yao asked.

"I'm not really looking for anything. I just wish to contribute to the sect and spread its name."

Elder Yao was left dumbfounded by his answer, and she couldn't tell if he was being genuine or if he was trying to suck her up.

Su Yang continued speaking, "Also, I want to become an Inner Court disciple as soon as possible."

"I see… So that's your real objective. Anyways, I will speak with the Sect Leader about this. I will give you an answer by next week. You better have some Yang Qi ready by then."DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Not wanting a no for an answer, Elder Yao went back inside her house before Su Yang could even respond.

Su Yang didn't linger and quickly returned to the Outcast Peak.

Shortly after Su Yang was gone, Elder Yao requested an audience with the Sect Leader.

"Elder Yao is requesting an audience with me? How unusual." The Sect Leader of the Boundless Yin Yang Pavilion mumbled to herself after seeing the request.

Unbeknownst to Su Yang, Elder Yao had lied to him in regards to the Sect Leader urging her for more pills, as she did not have the chance to show off the pills yet. However, that would change soon, and she was so confident in her pills that she didn't think twice before making up the lie.

Two days later, Elder Yao was called to the Sect Leader's room.

Inside the room, Elder Yao bowed to the figure sitting a few meters away from her.

This figure was a tall and slender woman that was exceedingly beautiful with a captivating aura strong enough to smite all men that laid eyes on her. She had long black hair that flowed behind her like a river, and her large round eyes were bright azure-colored. One would expect this beauty to have a cool-looking face, but she was actually the opposite with cute facial features that makes men want to pamper her unconditionally, resembling a princess of the royal family.

"Greetings, Sect Leader." Elder Yao clasped her hands and bowed.

"At ease, Elder Yao." The Sect Leader casually waved her hand.

"Thank you." Elder Yao nodded and straightened her back.

"The last time you requested an audience with me, it was because you ran out of funds for your alchemy. Why are you here today?" The Sect Leader asked in a calm voice.

"I have come here today to show you something, Sect Leader."

"Oh? It must be very special for you to go out of your way to contact me like this. Show me."

Elder Yao nodded and retrieved a pill bottle that had a single crimson-colored pill within before presenting it before the Sect leader.

The Sect Leader did not say anything and did a beckoning motion with her finger, causing the pill bottle to fly out of Elder Yao's palm and into her own.

"What am I looking at?" She asked after taking a moment to inspect it.

"You might not believe me, but that is a Golden Yang Pill." Elder Yao answered in a serious voice.

"…What?" The Sect Leader's eyes widened with surprise after hearing this.