Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After their small conversation, Su Yang switched their position with him being on the top now.

He spread her legs wide open before moving his lips towards her lower lips, giving it a gentle kiss.

"Mmm…" Luo Li quickly began moaning when she felt a soft and warm object caressing her little sister.

A few seconds later, this object burrowed inside her cave.

"Mmh!"

Luo Li usually refuses to be kissed down there due to having bad experiences with her previous partners, but she had a feeling that Su Yang would change that.

"Oh!"

She made a pleasantly surprised noise after experiencing Su Yang's god-like tongue skills that pushed her near climax already. It was unlike anything she has experienced before.

Despite Su Yang's tongue obviously being shorter than his dragon, it still somehow felt like it had managed to reach the deepest parts of her cave.

This phenomenon made Luo Li perplexed yet curious.

"I-I am cumming!" Luo Li warned Su Yang before releasing her restraints, squirting Yin Qi all over his face.

Su Yang lifted his head and licked his wet lips with a gentle smile on his face.

He proceeded to position himself closer to Luo Li, until his stiff rod was right in front of her little sister.

However, he didn't immediately penetrate the cave before him. Instead, he poked the entrance of the cave with his dragon's head, teasing her.

When Luo Li least expected it, Su Yang thrusted forward, penetrating deep inside her moist cave.

In that moment, Luo Li felt like she'd just gone to heaven then back when Su Yang pulled back his rod.

"Aaaah~" Luo Li released a loud moan, one that echoed in the room.

The two of them would cultivate intensely for the next two hours. By the time Su Yang was finished with her, Luo Li was completely unconscious, but not before soaking the entire bed with her Yin Qi.

When she woke up the next hour, Su Yang had already cleaned up and gotten dressed.

"H-How long was I out for?" She asked him in a bashful manner.

"Only for about an hour," he calmly said.

"Is that so…"

She laid there, thinking to herself that this was her first time actually passing out from dual cultivation.

'Oh! Before I forget!' Luo Li quickly sat up and said while staring at Su Yang.

"Xiao Yang… If you don't mind, can I have some of your Yang Qi for later? Even in the inner court, it's hard to find Yang Qi as rich as yours."

"Sure." Su Yang agreed without hesitation, which took her by surprise.

"How much do you want? I can give you spirit stones or Pleasure Points."

"I don't need any payment." He slowly swatted his hand at her.

And he continued, "How many bottles do you want? A bottle should last you at least 2 weeks."

"I will take as many as you're willing to give me." She smiled.

Su Yang chuckled at her cheeky answer and proceeded to take out three jars of Yang Qi.

"You don't have to mind me. In fact, I'd like to watch." Luo Li's eyes flickered with excitement.

"I don't mind, but it won't be as exciting as you might expect."

"That's fine."

Su Yang nodded and immediately pulled down his pants. He then placed his rod inside the bottle and began releasing Yang Qi, almost as though he was peeing, but what came out was pure Yang Qi.

Luo Li's jaw dropped upon seeing this. She has never seen anyone release their Yang Qi so casually and effortlessly.

'How much Yang Qi does he have?! Normally, it would take someone with a vigorous body a few days to fill up three bottles of that size, yet he's doing it in one go?! Just how much vitality does he have?!'

'No… What if he has a Divine Body— a Heavenly Constitution? This would all make sense then!' Luo Li swallowed nervously upon having this thought.

Although Divine Bodies are not as rare in the Four Divine Heavens as they were in the mortal world, they are still quite uncommon, especially in a dual cultivation sect.

After filling three bottles of his own Yang Qi, Su Yang sealed it before handing it to Luo Li.

"T-Thank you! I will not let a single drop go to waste, I swear!"DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Su Yang smiled, "This is the least I can do for you, who allowed me to get into the sect."

She shook her head after storing the bottles, "No, you got into the sect because of your own ability. I merely suggested to my Master to give you a chance. That's all."

After a short conversation, Luo Li bid Su Yang goodbye before leaving his place to return to her own.

Of course, she didn't go straight back.

"Master, I have returned."

"Oh! What about the mission?"

Luo Li retrieved a bottle of Yang Qi that Su Yang gave her and handed it to Elder Chu, keeping the other two for herself.

"I watched him fill this bottle with his Yang Qi, so I am certain that it is his at the very least," she said.

"If that's not enough, I also have some of his Yang Qi here." Luo Li pointed at her stomach.

Elder Chu nodded, "Just in case, give me some of his Yang Qi that he released inside you. Also, good work."

"By the way, this is just a speculation, but I think Xiao Yang has a Heavenly Constitution." Luo Li suddenly said.

"Oh? What makes you think so?"

"Just a hunch."

"Alright, I will let the Sect Master know about it. Be on standby. We might need you again." Elder Chu said.

"I understand…" Luo Li sighed, silently hoping that they no longer needed her, as she did not want to feel like tricking Su Yang again.

As Luo Li returned to her living quarters, Elder Chu went to meet up with the Sect Master with the bottle of Yang Qi in her grasp.