Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Sect Master, this is the item you requested— Disciple Xiao Yang's fresh Yang Qi." Elder Chu offered the bottle of Yang Qi to her.

And she continued, "My disciple personally witnessed him filling the bottle with his own Yang Qi and giving it to her immediately, so there was no chance for him to change it."

"Also, while there isn't a lot here, it's Xiao Yang's Yang Qi that was extracted directly from my disciple's body after their cultivation. Just to be sure."

Elder Chu proceeded to hand her another, much smaller container.

"Thank you and your disciple for her hard work. I will give her 500 Pleasure Points for her efforts." The Sect Leader said.

As the Sect Leader, she could hand out an unlimited amount of Pleasure Points. However, all of the disciples in the sect would agree that getting a single Pleasure Point from the Sect Leader was harder than getting the maximum amount of 100 points from an elder.

"T-Thank you, Sect Leader! She will definitely be overjoyed to hear this later."

The Sect Leader nodded her head and proceeded to silently inspect both containers of Yang Qi.

She sniffed it, felt its texture with her fingers, and even tasted it.

After inspecting both containers with extreme detail, she handed them to Elder Yao, who was also in the room.

"What are your opinions?" She asked her despite already knowing the answer.

Elder Yao inspected the Yang Qi, but she only used her nose.

After mentally comparing the Yang Qi in her hands to the other ones, she said, "They are not the same."

"Although Disciple Xiao Yang's Yang Qi is quite rich and by no means low-quality, it cannot compare to the ones he gave me. This may sound a little harsh, but it would be like comparing mud to purified water."

The Sect Leader nodded her head at her response, agreeing with her evaluation.

"Indeed, they are not the same." She spoke with a calm expression on her face.

"What should we do now?" Elder Yao asked.

"Nothing. I doubt he'll reveal the owner of the Yang Qi, and we don't want to offend his friend by seeking his identity when he clearly wants it to remain hidden, or we will risk losing his supplies." The Sect Leader gave a logical response that they couldn't reject or rebuke.

"And as long as we keep him in the sect, we will be able to acquire more of his Yang Qi until we can't."

After a slight pause, she continued speaking with a serious expression on her face, "Listen to me. Disciple Xiao Yang must be protected at all costs. This is an order. However, don't make it so obvious, as that will only draw more unnecessary attention to him."

"Yes, Sect Leader!"

They didn't show it on their faces, but they were quite shocked by this decree, as this is the first time the Sect Leader officially called for the protection of a mere Outer Court Disciple.

"One more thing. I will be leaving the sect for some time soon. I don't know when I will be back, but I will be close by. I will let the Assistant Sect Leader know later, but if you have anything to report regarding Xiao Yang, you will contact me directly."

"The fewer people that know of Xiao Yang's contributions the better, so let's just keep this matter between the three of us."

"Understood."

Elder Yao and Elder Chu left the place shortly after and the Sect Leader summoned the Assistant Sect Leader.

A few minutes later, a handsome middle-aged man entered the place and bowed to her.

"It's great to see you, Sect Leader. Your beauty never fails to amaze me no matter how many times I see it." He immediately began singing praises.

"Save your flattery for next time, Chen Yi, I have important news for you." The Sect Leader remained nonchalant.

And she continued, "I will be leaving the sect for some time for some business. I don't know when I will be back, but I will be close by, so you will take care of the sect in the meantime."

"What?"

The Assistant Sect leader, Chen Yi, was incredibly surprised to hear that she was leaving the sect, as she hasn't left for centuries.

"If you don't mind me asking, what is this business about?" He then asked.

"This isn't something that I can discuss with you. Take good care of the sect, or I will skin you alive."

And without giving Chen Yi a chance to respond, the Sect Leader disappeared into thin air.

Chen Yi stood there staring at the chair she was just sitting on and gritted his teeth in frustration.

'It has been 2,000 years! Why is she still stuck up on that bastard, Su Yang?! Even in death, you're causing me this much trouble! I would drag you back from the dead and beat you if I could!' He cursed inwardly. Just thinking about their history together made his blood boil.

In the blink of an eye, a week has passed since Luo Li visited Su Yang.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Early in the morning, Su Yang went to hand four more bottles of his Yang Qi to Elder Yao.

"There's only four bottles? I was hoping for a little more, since you didn't give me any last week," she said.

Su Yang shook his head, "Don't be unreasonable, Elder Yao. My friend worked his butt off just to fill these four bottles. He would definitely be disappointed if he heard you say such a thing. Let's both be grateful for what we received."

"..." This quickly made Elder Yao shut her mouth.

After storing the bottles, she asked him, "What are you going to do after this?"

"I'm going to look for more missions since I am still trying to become an Inner Court disciple. Then I will hopefully see you again next week."

Su Yang said before leaving.

"I guess four is better than nothing…" Elder Yao mumbled to herself after he left.