After leaving Elder Yao's residence, Su Yang went straight to the mission hall to find himself a new mission.

Now that he has the Sect Master's approval to leave the sect, Su Yang no longer bothered with the missions meant for Outer Court Disciples, as they were all restricted within the sect.

When the disciples noticed Su Yang looking at the section meant for Inner Court disciples, a few of them went up to him and said, "Junior apprentice-disciple, you are looking at missions meant for Inner Court Disciples since they require you to leave the sect. The missions for Outer Court Disciples such as yourself are over there."

Su Yang thanked them for their reminder before saying, "I am aware. I received permission to leave the sect from the Sect Master herself."

"The Sect Leader?! How did you manage to do that?!" The disciples were shocked to hear such information.

"I asked nicely." Su Yang smiled.

After returning to the missions, Su Yang found several that piqued his interest.

(High Priority: This female client is looking for a highly skilled Dual Cultivator to relieve her of stress without intercourse. Disclaimer: 17 disciples have failed so far.)

(High Priority: This female client is looking for a highly skilled Dual Cultivator who can please her without skin-to-skin contact. Disclaimer: 21 disciples have failed so far.)

Su Yang focused mostly on the missions with a high priority, as they would give him more rewards and contribute points. However, most of these high-priority missions are incredibly difficult because the clients are usually those who wish to preserve their purity and prohibit sexual intercourse, so they are more often than not never fulfilled.

'High priority missions, huh… How nostalgic…'

Su Yang reminisced about when he was still a mere disciple at the Boundless Yin Yang Sect when the Sect Leader would essentially force all of the high-priority missions onto him because he was the only disciple who was skilled enough to fulfill these clients.

However, because of these missions, his skills only became increasingly better. It even reached a point where almost all of the missions sent to the Boundless Yin Yang Sect requested Su Yang and only Su Yang's talent.

The number of missions requested for Su Yang was enough to keep him busy for a decade even if he worked every day, and it caused the sect countless headaches, as the other disciples would constantly complain about having no missions.

The sect tried to fix this by refusing any more requests that were specifically requested for Su Yang, but that didn't change anything since people stopped requesting services entirely.

In the end, the sect gave up and changed their entire system so that disciples no longer needed to do missions to be promoted and earn Pleasure Points, and things wouldn't go back to normal until a thousand years later when Su Yang left the Boundless Yin Yang Sect to explore the world on his own.

Once he was finished reminiscing about his past, Su Yang picked three high-priority missions and walked to the front desk with them.

When the Sect Elder working on that day saw Su Yang holding three pieces of paper, he raised an eyebrow. Although it wasn't against the rules to accept more than one mission at a time, many disciples that take more than one mission at a time usually never finish all of them, and since a mission can only be assigned to one disciple at a time, it wasted time for both parties.

The Sect Elder didn't say anything at first. However, when he realized that these missions were meant for Inner Court Disciples and Su Yang was wearing an Outer Court Disciple's robe, he became annoyed and slightly angry.

"These missions require you to leave the sect." The Sect Elder said to Su Yang, trying his best to be patient.

"I am aware." Su Yang calmly responded.

"Then are you aware that unless you have permission from the Sect Leader herself, Outer Court Disciples such as yourself are prohibited from leaving the sect?"

"I am."

The Sect Elder's patience ran out at this point, and he angrily slammed the desk, "Then why the hell are you wasting my time bringing me these missions that you clearly cannot do?!"

Su Yang casually pulled out a medallion and placed it on the desk right beside the Sect Elder's fist.

"But I can do them."

"..."

The Sect Elder's eyes widened with shock when he saw the medallion, and he didn't believe what he was seeing at first.

"T-This is real?" The Sect Elder asked in a shaky voice.

"Of course. You can check it yourself." Su Yang nodded.

The Sect Elder held the medallion with trembling hands as he carefully inspected the medallion.

Although he has heard and studied about the Sect Leader's medallion, this is his first time actually seeing one since he joined the sect 1,500 years ago.

"I-It's real…" The Sect Elder muttered in disbelief before looking at Su Yang with a sense of wonder.

"How did you get this?"

"How else? The Sect Leader gave it to me." Su Yang calmly said.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Of course, it was handed to him by Elder Yao when he went to give her more Yang Qi right before going to the mission hall.

"I meant what did you do to get it!"

"It's nothing worth mentioning. But if you really interested, you can go ask the Sect Leader." Su Yang showed him an innocent smile while essentially telling him that he didn't deserve to know the details.

The Sect Elder swallowed nervously. As curious as he was about the medallion and what Su Yang did to acquire it, he was aware that he didn't qualify to know such information.

Thus, he stopped talking about the medallion and handed it back to Su Yang.

"Give me a minute to officially assign you these three missions… It will only take a few minutes." The Sect Elder said in a low voice as he began writing in his book.

Su Yang didn't say anything else and patiently waited for the Sect Elder to finish.

A few minutes later, the Sect Elder handed Su Yang three different jade slips and said, "All of the information you need to know about each mission will be inside these jade slips, and the client's instructions will also be in there. Each client will have different instructions for how and when they want to meet, so do not try and do all three at once. Finish one before you start another. Do you have any questions?"

"No, I do not."

"Also, you will be given a month to complete each mission, so you must return to the sect before the three months are up. If you are even half a day late, you will be punished by the sect. Do you understand?" The Sect Elder handed Su Yang a piece of talisman and continued, "The talisman will warn you every month and a week before your time is up. Good luck out there, and stay out of trouble."

"Thank you." Su Yang gave a courteous bow to the Sect Elder before leaving the mission hall and returning to his living quarters.