Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After returning to his living quarters, Su Yang called for both Mei Xing and Mei Ying.

"What's the matter, Manager? Did something happen?" Mei Xing asked him.

"No, at least not yet." Su Yang shook his head.

"Not yet?" Mei Ying raised an eyebrow.

"I will be leaving the Sect shortly to do a few missions. Unfortunately, I won't be able to take the two of you with me, so you will have to stay behind by yourselves."

"Eh?! What about Big Sister Xiao Rong?!" Mei Xing asked.

"She has to come with me since we cannot be too far from each other."DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"How long will you be gone for?" Mei Ying then asked.

"At most three months, but I will most likely return way before then. These missions aren't difficult in general. The most difficult part is getting there. Don't worry, this building has multiple powerful formations protecting it, so as long as you stay inside the building, no harm will come to you. I will also ask a friend to check up on you two once in a while."

"Three months…" Mei Xing mumbled.

Although that amount of time may seem like nothing to Su Yang, it was still a lot of time for mortals like Mei Xing and Mei Ying.

Su Yang could tell what they were thinking, and he said, "If you're going to follow me, you need to get used to this. I cannot be with you at all times, after all."

"Don't worry, Manager. It's only three months. If we can't even survive that long without you, we don't deserve to follow you." Mei Ying said with a confident smile on her face.

"R-Right! Although it will be a little lonely, we will survive!" Mei Xing quickly followed, fearing that Su Yang might abandon them if she couldn't handle it.

Su Yang smiled and said, "If you cultivate diligently, you won't even realize it when I am back."

"When do you plan on leaving?" Mei Ying asked a moment later.

"Once I finish some preparations— probably tomorrow."

Sometime later, Su Yang left the house again and made his way to the Inner Court. As for his destination, it was Luo Li's living quarters.

However, Luo Li did not appear to be at home after Su Yang knocked on her doors for several minutes.

Thus, Su Yang left to do something else for the time being.

He made his way to the Treasure Exchange Gallery, where he would purchase some supplies for Mei Ying and Mei Xing so that they wouldn't need to worry about running out of supplies while he was gone.

After that, he made his way back to Luo Li's living quarters to see if she had returned. Su Yang pondered about visiting Lin Xinyi as he made his way to Luo Li's place since she hasn't visited him for another massage since their last one, but he ultimately decided to give her some more time.

Fortunately, as Su Yang reached Luo Li's place, Luo Li was returning herself and was at the doorstep.

"Senior apprentice-sister!" Su Yang called out to her.

"Xiao Yang? What are you doing here?" She was pleasantly surprised to see him.

"I came here to talk to you, and I'm going to ask for a favor."

"Is that so? Let's talk inside." Luo Li invited him into her house.

Su Yang nodded and followed her inside, but instead of going to the living room, Luo Li guided him straight to her bedroom.

Once they entered the bedroom, Luo Li sat on the bed and patted the space beside her, "Sit here."

Su Yang didn't refuse and sat beside her.

"Alright, let's hear it. What kind of favor are you looking for from me?"

Su Yang then explained to her that he would be leaving the Sect for three months to do some missions and that he wanted her to check up on Mei Ying and Mei Xing.

"W-Wait… You can leave the sect already? But you appear to be an Outer Court disciple still…"

Su Yang showed her the Sect Leader's medallion and said, "I managed to receive permission from the Sect Leader."

"No way… I didn't know that was even possible…"

"I will owe you if you can help me." Su Yang then said.

Luo Li shook her head and smiled, "You don't need to owe me anything. You have already done enough for me. I will make sure that your servants are taken care of while you are away from the sect."

"Thank you."

"With that being said, I would appreciate it if you could fill me up one more time before you leave…" Luo Li said as she gazed at him in a starving manner, almost as though she was a prey before her meal.

Su Yang smiled, "Then I will make sure that you will be satisfied for the next three months before I leave this place."

"Eh?" Luo Li immediately had a baffled look on her face.

But before she could even ask him how he would manage such a thing, she was already naked on the bed with Su Yang on top of her.

Several hours later, Su Yang left Luo Li's house with a slight smile on his face. Meanwhile, Luo Li was lying on her bed with her entire body still twitching, her whole bed soaked in Yin Qi, and her hole overflowing with hot Yang Qi.

If someone were to walk in on Luo Li at this moment, they might mistake her as possessed by something by the euphoric expression on her face.

After returning to his living quarters, Su Yang would spend the night filling Mei Ying with his Yang Qi, enough to satisfy her for the next three months. By the end of their session, Mei Ying looked just like Luo Li did after their session— completely exhausted and drained.

The following day, Su Yang said his goodbyes to Mei Ying and Mei Xing before leaving the sect with Xiao Rong