Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After leaving the Boundless Yin Yang Sect with Xiao Rou, Su Yang went to a secluded area before creating a concealment formation around himself.

Once Su Yang had meticulously ensured that he was completely shielded from any prying eyes, he retrieved a small, intricately crafted appearance-altering pill from his spatial ring, and with an unwavering resolve, he raised the pill to his lips and ingested it without the slightest hint of hesitation.

In the immediate aftermath, his transformation began to unfold with astonishing changes. His formerly modest stature grew taller, the proportions of his physique shifting to create a more harmonious balance. However, the most profound metamorphosis took place upon his countenance, where his ordinary face underwent a dramatic transmutation, becoming incredibly handsome.

In the blink of an eye, Su Yang went from an ordinary-looking scholar to a handsome young man who gave off an experienced aura, almost as though he'd lived for longer than he appeared.

Su Yang took out a portable mirror and inspected his new face.

"This should be good enough."

In stark contrast to Dual Cultivators, whose focus leaned more towards skill than appearance, the clients of Boundless Yin Yang Sect comprised mostly of ordinary cultivators who cared greatly about their partner's appearance, demanding nothing less than perfection.

Because of this clear preference, Su Yang couldn't risk approaching them in his ordinary guise, knowing full well they would likely dismiss him outright before he could even get a chance to display his abilities. Thus, he had no choice but to abandon his ordinary appearance and adopt a more fitting persona for a disciple of the Boundless Yin Yang Sect—a strikingly handsome young man who could easily captivate with a simple wink.

Once he was prepared, Su Yang removed the concealment formation and made his way to the nearest city with a transportation device.

Several days later, he arrived at a medium-sized city. When the guards at the front entrance noticed his disciple robes, they greeted him with respect before allowing him to enter the city without any entrance fees.

Once inside the city, Su Yang noticed many glances being tossed in his direction. Naturally, all of them were women who were fancied by his handsome appearance. However, what attracted them the most was his clothing. Since the Boundless Yin Yang Sect was very close to this city, it was important for the city to keep good standing with the sect in case they ever needed assistance from them.

And due to how often the Boundless Yin Yang Sect disciples show up to this city to use their teleportation device, it has become a thing where lustful women would seek them out for pleasure or other opportunities.

"Hey, handsome brother. Are you free right now?"

A group of women approached him from multiple directions seeking his company.

Su Yang greeted them with a warm smile, but he still refused their company, "Sorry, but I am currently on a mission. Perhaps when I return, we can have some fun."

"Don't take too long, or I will die of loneliness!" The women stopped bothering him afterward.

However, another group of women would approach him after he entered a new block.

This continued until Su Yang reached the teleportation device.

"Where would you like to go, Esteemed Disciple?" The man working the device asked him.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Near Luminous Harbor." Su Yang said.

"The closest city to Luminous Harbor would be Cloudtop City. Would that be fine with you?"

Su Yang nodded.

After his confirmation, the man gave him a price for the transportation.

"Because you are a disciple of the esteemed Boundless Yin Yang Sect, we will give you a 10 percent discount."

Once Su Yang handed him the money, he waited to be transported to his destination.

Sometime later, Su Yang teleported to Cloudtop City, and from there, he made his way towards Luminous Harbor, where he would meet his first client.

However, before he entered the city, Su Yang changed into a new set of robes that did not scream his identity as a disciple of the Boundless Yin Yang Sect.

Upon arriving at the highly populated Luminous Harbor, which was located right next to a vast sea, Su Yang began asking the pedestrians there about a certain building.

"Hello, would you be able to point me in the direction of 'Gleaming Waterfront Hotel'?"

"That place is located right by the water, near the boats. Just walk straight in that direction and you should arrive in about an hour." A married woman gladly gave Su Yang directions to his destination.

"Thank you very much." Su Yang handed the woman a couple of spirit stones before leaving, which greatly shocked her.

"P-Please wait a moment!" The woman called for him, but Su Yang did not stop walking and casually said, "Have a good rest of your day."

The married woman was speechless. When she snapped out of her daze, she immediately hid the spirit stones and power-walked away.

An hour later, Su Yang arrived at his intended destination, the Gealming Waterfront Hotel. This upscale establishment stood as one of the more luxurious hotels in the city and had been specifically instructed by his client as the designated meeting point.

Upon entering the hotel, Su Yang walked straight to the front desk.

"Hello, how may I help you today?" The receptionist greeted him with a smile.

"Good morning. I am 'Ming Ye', and I was told that I could look for 'Madam Ruby' here."

The atmosphere around the receptionist changed a little when he heard Su Yang's words, and he quickly said, "Of course. I will notify Madam Ruby of your arrival. Please wait in room 3F."

The words he spoke to the receptionist were a coded phrase that his client 'Madam Ruby' had instructed him to say. Since most clients preferred to keep their identity a secret for obvious reasons, it was common practice for them to use covert speeches to communicate with each other.

A moment later, Su Yang headed to room 3F after acquiring the room's key.

Then, he proceeded to wait inside for Madam Ruby's arrival.