Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Please, lie back down and try to relax your body." Su Yang said to her.

"..."

Madam Ruby silently laid back down and waited for the sensation return.

A moment later, the tingling sensation returned, assaulting her entire body, and it felt as though there were dozens of hands massaging her at once.

Madam Ruby didn't turn around again, but she used her divine sense to see what Su Yang was doing, but to her surprise, he didn't seem to be doing anything out of the ordinary.

'The way he moves his fingers, it's as if each of his fingers have their own consciousness, allowing them to move independently!' Madam Ruby quickly noticed his hand movements, as they stood out the most.

'Oh! This is it! This is it!!!" Madam Ruby subconsciously rolled her eyes back when Su Yang pressed at just the right location with the perfect strength.

It's been a long time she experienced anything close to a climax, yet Su Yang was able to make her feel even better than that with just his fingers alone. This made Madam Ruby fantasize about something else, but she quickly cleared her mind.

'No, I cannot do that. Even though my husband is always busy and won't even look at me nowadays, I am still a married woman! My pride! I will not lose to my lustful desires!'

Sometime later, she asked, "When are you going to massage other places?"

Since Su Yang had been focused on her back this entire time, her other areas had been itching for attention for a while now.

"If you think you are ready, I will start working on the lower area now." Su Yang calmly said.

'If I think I am ready? He's underestimating me!' she gritted her teeth and said, "Go ahead."

Su Yang immediately began caressing his fingers down her back until it reached her round buttocks that had the perfect softness and firmness, squeezing it with some might.

"Ah~!" Madam Ruby released a startled cry, as the tingling sensation between her legs suddenly soared.

However, Su Yang did not give her the chance to recover and continue to knead her round buttocks like bread.

'Oh heavens! This is making me go crazy!' Madam Ruby's buttocks trembled violently as her underwear become so soaked it was leaking onto her clothes.

Su Yang worked his way from her buttocks to her calf and back, leaving not an inch of her legs untouched.

Ten minutes later, Su Yang's calm voice resounded again, "You can turn around now."

"Eh?" Madam Ruby was so absorbed in pleasure that she forgot she was still lying on her chest— that the best part had yet begun!

Using what little strength she had left in her body, Madam Ruby flipped her body around, allowing her large breasts to breath.

"Then I'll begin now." Su Yang warned her before moving his hands toward her breasts.

However, Su Yang did not immediately touch her breasts, only massaging the area around it, causing her large peaks to shake ever so slightly.

Any men would go mad from lust over such a spectacular scene, yet Su Yang's face remained completely calm, almost as though it was just another ordinary day for him.

"More… I want to feel your hands better…" Madam Ruby suddenly mumbled as she lowered her upper clothing, revealing her smooth skin and pink peaks.

Seeing the lustful expression on Madam Ruby's face, Su Yang couldn't refuse and began working on her snowy mountains.

"Oh~!" Madam Ruby subconsciously lifted her body into the air as Su Yang teased the pink tips on the mountains that were oozing with milk.

Not wanting it to go to waste, Su Yang moved his lips to seal one of the pink peaks, sucking out Madam Ruby's sweet nectar.

"Aaaaah~!" Madam Ruby's moaning immediately became louder and sharper.

It has been several hundred years since she last allowed someone to taste her sweet nectar— since her last son grew up.

A few moments later, Su Yang moved to suck on the other pink tip that was stiff from anticipation.

Of course, he didn't forget to massage her while he sucked on her breasts.

In the midst of sucking her breasts, Su Yang suddenly moved one of his hands toward the region between her legs and began massaging her little sister while she was still fully clothed.

Madam Ruby could feel her entire body burning with passion, even rubbing her own body against Su Yang's lower hand.

Su Yang knew that he could have Madam Ruby fully undress without even needing to ask in her current state, but he wanted to let her make the final decisions. After all, she was his client, and he didn't want to be too forceful.

Eventually, Madam Ruby couldn't endure it any more and removed all of her clothes, revealing perfect body and neat bush between her legs.

"I can't…! You're making my mind go blank and I cannot endure it any longer! I want your thing inside me!" she demanded.

However, to her surprise, Su Yang shook his head, refusing her demand.

"W-What? Why?!" she asked, her face filled with bafflement.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Because it's against your terms," he calmly explained.

"Huh?! Screw the terms! You've already broken one by using your mouth even though you are only allowed to use your hands, even sucking on my motherly breasts! So what if you break another? And these are my terms! I should be able to change them whenever I want!" she said.

"I know, but unlike sucking on breasts, intercourse is more serious. If you want us to go that far, I will need your written constent before we start— as this is our sect's rules. Please don't make things difficult for me."

Su Yang learned from past experience that doing anything without proper proof will only cause him trouble in the future. For example, there had been many times when a client who did not want intercourse at first ended up changing their mind mid-session. However, after their session ended and he returned to the sect, he would learn that the very same client who changed her mind had made a complaint against him, putting his reputation at jeopardy.

"F-Fine! Give me a minute!" Madam Ruby immediately retrieved a piece of paper and pen from her storage ring and wrote down the change of terms, even signing it.

"There! Are you happy now?" she shoved the paper in his face.

Su Yang nodded with a smile, and he immediately loosened his robes, showing Madam Ruby the dragon between his legs.

"Good heavens…" Madam Ruby's eyes widened with shock, her heart and little sister throbbing with excitement.