Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The moment Madam Ruby saw Su Yang's massive dragon for the first time, all of the awkwardness between them during the pause vanished into thin air almost instantly.

Seeing her dazed face, Su Yang chuckled, "It's not too late to turn back now."

Her already red face flushed with even more redness, "D-Don't you dare underestimate me! I will handle it just fine!"

"If you say so…"

Su Yang pressed the tip of his rod into her soaking wet cave, splitting apart its soft walls that hadn't been touched for many years.

Madam Ruby clenched her fingers and toes as her entire body tensed up from the overwhelming monster that was slowly creeping into her body.

Before Su Yang's rod was fully inserted inside her, Madam Ruby's mind had blanked out, and her face was filled with ecstasy. Just the insertion had sent her to heaven.

When Su Yang pulled back his rod, he pulled back Madam Ruby's consciousness with it, shocking her awake.

"Heavens, have mercy!" Madam Ruby moaned out loud as Su Yang relentlessly knocked on her cave with speed and intensity, causing it to gush with Yin Qi, and her mountains were jiggling so much that its sweet nectar was being squeezed out itself, leaking everywhere.

Suddenly, Su Yang bent over and sucked on her breasts again while he kept on thrusting his rod.

Madam Ruby's milk fresh milk flowed inside his mouth, and just like the nectar from her cave, her milk also contained Yin Qi, albeit not as much and as pure. However, Su Yang had a unique technique that allowed him to absorb all Yin Qi, no matter how little or impure they were, leaving none wasted.

Within five minutes, Madam Ruby climaxed over 20 times. If it weren't for her cultivation, she would've collapsed long ago.

"Are you exhausted already? I still have a week left to spare, you know." Su Yang said to her.

Madam Ruby tried her best to speak without stopping moaning midway, "Stop… underestimating… me…!"

Su Yang smiled and continued thrusting his hips. However, he slowed down his pace just enough to let Madam Ruby recover without making it too obvious for her.

In the blink of an eye, four days have passed since Madam Ruby entered the room, and she has been cultivating without stopping for the whole duration.

When Madam Ruby didn't show her face after a few hours, the receptionist downstairs knew that she had finally found someone skilled enough to please her.

After the fourth day, Madam Ruby had to wave the white flag, "E-Ewougf! Ah cun't du diz enymor!"

Her words were sluggish and barely understandable.

Su Yang smiled, "Alright. We'll stop here then."

After unplugging his rod from her cave, Yin Qi flowed out like a river. He then sat by the bed and immediately began cultivating the Yin Qi he'd absorbed.

Unfortunately, even when compared to the Outer Court disciples from his sect, Madam Ruby's Yin Qi was falling behind. After all, she wasn't a dual cultivator. However, because she hadn't been satisfied in such a long time, the purity of her Yin Qi was slightly better, making it easier to absorb.

Meanwhile, the receptionist was anxiously waiting for Madam Ruby's return.

After the second day, the receptionist was surprised that they lasted for longer than a day. By the third day, he was completely astonished. On the fourth day, he wondered if they were actually still cultivating. He wanted to check on her several times to make sure she was still alive, but he didn't want to risk ruining such a rare moment for her.

On the sixth day, just as the receptionist approached their room, Su Yang opened the door and walked outside.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Y-You… What happened to Madam Ruby?" The receptionist immediately inquired about her wellbeing.

"She's resting inside. I wouldn't bother her right now if I were you since she's still naked," he said with a calm smile.

"Did you actually cultivate for six days straight?" The receptionist couldn't help but ask.

"No, it ended on the fourth day."

"And you're just now coming out?"

Su Yang chuckled, "What can I say? We both worked very hard."

"Anyways, when she wakes up, let her know that I had a great time with her and hope to meet again."

After saying his goodbyes, Su Yang left the hotel and immediately made his way to his next destination.

Madam Ruby woke up on the 7th day with her entire body crying from pain, especially her lower back.

"What happened to me…?" she muttered in a weak voice.

She had moaned so much in the past few days that she lost her voice temporarily.

Eventually, her memories started returning to her, which shocked her greatly.

"Oh. My. God. I actually allowed him to have intercourse with me!" She was filled with guilt upon realizing what had happened, yet oddly enough, she did not have a single ounce of regret in her heart.

In fact, after calming down a bit, she even began to fantasize about their next meeting.

"Xiao Yang… You are good! Really good! All those failed attempts and patience were well worth it!"

She wanted to immediately schedule their next appointment, but alas, she had been away from home for an entire week now.

'They must be worried about my absence. I need to return as soon as possible and wait for the next opportunity for a 'business trip'!' she thought to herself.

After cleaning herself and getting dressed, Madam Ruby left the room and walked downstairs. When the receptionist saw her, he released a sigh of relief knowing that she wasn't dead.

"Here. If any of this leaks, I'll personally come to retrieve your head." Madam Ruby placed a storage pouch filled with spirit stones inside.

"T-This is more than the usual!" The receptionist said after looking inside.

"If you don't want it, I can take it back."

The receptionist immediately stopped talking and stowed the pouch away.

"Then I'll see you next time." Madam Ruby left the hotel immediately after and returned to her own home.