Chapter 1063  Stellar Yin Constitution + Announcement

"My first rule is also my most important—there will be no intercourse. I am not here to dual cultivate with you but to get help for my condition. If you even dare to try, I will immediately cut you down." Miss Chen said in a serious tone.

Despite her seemingly young age, Miss Chen emitted the prowess of a Divine Spirit Realm cultivator, so she was confident that she could protect herself from Su Yang, who was still in the Sovereign Spirit Realm. Otherwise, she wouldn't even risk being in the same room as him.

In her eyes, dual cultivators like Su Yang were no different from beasts who could not control their lust, so she must be extra wary of them.

If it weren't for her life-threatening condition, she wouldn't even have considered requesting help from the Boundless Yin Yang Sect. Su Yang then asked, "Do you even know the method to deal with your situation? What if it can only be healed through dual cultivation?"

"Hmph! Do you think I am that naive? I have done my research, and this idea was suggested by my Master. I know that it doesn't require dual cultivation to heal my condition."

"That is correct."

Su Yang did not try to convince her that dual cultivation was the only method to heal her, nor did he intend to do that in the first place.

Those with the Stellar Yin Constitution but lack the talent to take advantage of it usually have so much excess Yin Qi that just normally releasing it through masturbation would not be enough, so they must somehow acquire enough Yang Qi to reduce the Yin Qi.

While females use Yang Qi to increase their cultivation, they can also use it to suppress their own Yin Qi, but since such a method only hinders most dual cultivators, only those with special circumstances would do such a thing.

Moreover, to suppress one's Yin Qi, the quality of Yang Qi must be superior to their Yin Qi. Miss Chen, who has the Stellar Yin Constitution, has higher quality Yin Qi than the average woman and even many female dual cultivators, which makes it harder for her to find Yang Qi that could suppress her Yin Qi.

In reality, Miss Chen could use treasures that contain powerful Yang Qi to cure her condition, but that would cost an arm and leg even for someone like her, so she decided to try her luck with the Boundless Yin Yang Sect which is known to have dual cultivators with naturally powerful Yang Qi. In other words, it was much cheaper to employ the Boundless Yin Yang Sect. If things don't work out, she would naturally have to bite her lips and spend a fortune on treasures to heal her condition.

"Anyways, my second rule is that you are forbidden from touching my skin." Miss Chen continued a moment later.

Su Yang smiled and said, "That might be why the previous disciples failed to cure your condition."

Miss Chen frowned and asked, "What do you mean?"

"Transfering Yang Qi is unlike transferring Profound Qi. It is much easier to transfer Yang Qi through skin contact, so that rule could've hindered those disciples from successfully curing you. Of course, that is just a possibility." Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Miss Chen began pondering with a serious face after learning of this information.

Seeing this, Su Yang continued, "There's no need to think about it. I don't need to touch your skin to cure you. Only those lacking in skills would fail to cure you because of such a reason."

"If you say so." Miss Chen nodded, relieved by his words.

"Any more rules? If not, please lie down on the bed."

Miss Chen silently walked to the bed and laid on the blanket.

Su Yang sat right beside her and said, "I will place my hand on your stomach and pour my Yang Qi into your Dantian."

Once his palm was resting on Miss Chen's soft stomach, Su Yang spoke again, "It might be a little painful at first. I will begin in three… two… one."

Miss Chen immediately felt a warm sensation entering her Dantian. This warmth continued to get hotter with every second until it felt as though her entire body was being burned from the insides.

Miss Chen gritted her teeth, but the pain was too much for her to stay still. After squirming around like a worm for several moments, her mask fell off her face, revealing the beauty underneath it.

However, Miss Chen was in too much pain to care.

The intense pain lasted only for a minute, but it felt like several hours had passed.

Eventually, Miss Chen stopped squirming and began relaxing her body. As the pain settled, a new sensation overwhelmed her body with pleasure.

"Mmm… Ahhh…"

Unbeknownst to her, Miss Chen began moaning in a soft voice.

Ever since her Stellar Yin Constitution started getting out of hand several months ago, she could only sense coldness throughout her entire being around the clock, almost as though she was living inside a coffin made of ice.

Naturally, this affected her lifestyle and cultivation. If Su Yang couldn't cure her today, she would've given up on trying and be forced to spend a fortune.

The treatment lasted for longer than Miss Chen anticipated, lasting several hours. However, Miss Chen did not complain and even fell asleep with a peaceful face.

As for Su Yang, in order to treat Miss Chen, he had to constantly consume pills to replenish his Profound Qi.

While most missions in the Boundless Yin Yang Sect are related to dual cultivation, some of them require expertise in other areas. Miss Chen eventually opened her eyes and sat up with a dazed look on her face.

She turned to look at Su Yang, who was cultivating in silence beside the bed with a half-asleep face.

When she woke up and realized that she had fallen asleep during treatment, her face flushed with redness.

'He even saw my face!' she cried inwardly.