Chapter 1064 Spirit Heaven

"You can leave now that you are cured. There's no need to worry about me." Su Yang suddenly said while Miss Chen silently stared at his handsome face.

"W-who would be worried about you!?" she quickly exclaimed with a rosy face. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Su Yang opened one of his eyes and smiled, "You should learn to relieve your own Yin Qi. It'll be much cheaper, less of a hassle, and more importantly, more pleasurable than this."

"Are you telling me to play with myself?" Miss Chen frowned at his vulgar suggestion.

"Yes, and there's nothing wrong with that. It's a natural thing to do, and you're not a child, either."

"Hmph! You sound like my Master. How annoying."

"Then are you going to ask the Boundless Yin Yang Sect for help again in a few years and continue this tradition for the rest of your life?"

Miss Chen stomped the floor and shouted, "It won't be like this forever! Once I can fully control my Heavenly Constitution, I will no longer need any help!"

"If you truly believe that you have the capabilities to do that, you don't have to say anything else, but if you need help, I may have a method or two to help you gain control over your Heavenly Constitution."

Hearing his words, Miss Chen could only sneer in disdain, "Does one of those methods require me to give you my Pure Yin Essence? If so, you can go kill yourself."

Su Yang chuckled, "Such harsh words for a lady. My methods don't require anything like that, but since you clearly don't trust me, I won't say anything further. Please close the door as you leave. I'll stay here for a little longer to recover my energy."

He closed his eyes and no longer paid attention to her.

Miss Chen silently stared at him for another moment before turning around and walking out of the room without looking back.

Su Yang paid no mind to her and continued to recover his Profound Qi for the next several days. Once he was prepared, he left the hotel to find his next client for his final mission.

The next mission required him to travel to Spirit Heaven. Typically, disciples tend to avoid traveling too far away from the sect even if the sect reimburses their travel expenses. However, there was something else that Su Yang wanted to achieve besides the mission, and this mission gave him an excuse to make the travel.

Since he already had the funds to travel to Spirit Heaven, Su Yang decided to head straight there instead of returning to the sect to request travel expenses.

25 million high-grade spirit stones later and several days later, Su Yang arrived at Spirit Heaven, where the majority of its population are spiritual beasts in human form.

"Now that I think about it, I rarely travel to Spirit Heaven."

Upon arriving at Spirit Heaven, Su Yang made his way to the smaller teleportation formation within the city and transported himself to Ancient Tiger City, one of the bigger cities within Spirit Heaven.

The Ancient Tiger City was ruled by the Ancient Tiger Clan, a prominent background that also had its own elite sect—the Ancient Tiger Mountain.

After asking around for a bit, Su Yang found the place of their meetup and entered the hotel.

"I am 'White Tiger', and I am looking for a 'Black Tiger'." Su Yang said to the receptionist, who was a middle-aged woman with a cat-like tail behind her.

The receptionist nodded and said, "Please give me a moment. You may wait in room 421."

Su Yang didn't say anything else and entered room 421 shortly after. The interior of the room was much larger than he'd anticipated and could easily accommodate a dozen people with ease.

In fact, the rooms and buildings in Spirit Heaven are typically larger than normal, as some spiritual beasts prefer sleeping or moving around in their beast form if they aren't originally too big.

Upon entering the room, Su Yang immediately started cultivating.

A mere hour later, someone knocked on his door.

"Hello, I am 'Black Tiger'." A calm voice resounded.

Su Yang quickly opened the door before welcoming the person to enter the room.

This individual was a tall beauty with a slender yet robust figure. She had short black hair mixed with several white streaks of hair. Her eyes were fiery yellow, resembling that of a setting sun.

"I wasn't expecting your arrival to be so soon. I'm Xiao Yang from the Boundless Yin Yang Sect." Su Yang introduced himself with a handsome smile.

"I'll give you my name once you've earned it."

"And how does one earn your introduction?"

In response, without hesitation, she removed her clothes and said, "Only those who can satisfy me are worthy of knowing my name. If you didn't know, I've already experienced 20 disciples from your sect, all of whom are Inner Disciples except two, who were Core Disciples, but even they were unable to satisfy me. And if you are unable to satisfy me, I won't mark my request as complete."

Su Yang's expression remained unfazed despite learning such information.

'Yin Yang Tiger, huh? I haven't played with one in a few thousand years,' he smiled inwardly.

Yin Yang Tigers are a special breed of spiritual beast renowned for their extreme lustfulness and naturally strong endurance, which allows them to cultivate weeks without getting tired.

"What are you waiting for? Strip for me already."

Su Yang smiled and elegantly removed his clothes.

"..."

The Yin Yang Tiger's gaze was immediately attracted by the massive dragon between Su Yang's legs, causing her to stare at it with a lustful expression.

"Even if you cannot satisfy me, I'll still be able to satisfy myself with such a magnificent toy."

With her little sister already dripping wet with Yin Qi, the Yin Yang Tiger pounced on Su Yang. However, Su Yang gracefully dodged her and said, "You're not even going to give me a chance to prove myself?"

The Yin Yang Tiger silently stared at him for a moment before entering the bed, where she knelt at the edge and shoved her round and pale buttocks into the air. Then, using her slender fingers, she spread her cheeks wide open, revealing the hidden caves between them.

"I will give you ten minutes," she said in an impatient voice.