Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1065 Yin Yang Tiger

Seeing how the Yin Yang Tiger's little sister was so eager to taste his sword that it was dripping with Yin Qi, Su Yang advanced into battle without any hesitation.

As Su Yang stood before the Yin Yang Tiger's round buttocks, the tip of his thick and stiff shaft poked her lower cave's entrance, causing it to drool with Yin Qi even faster.

"Are you teasing me? Hurry up and stick it inside me already!" she urged.

"You're quite impatient for a cultivator." Su Yang chuckled.

Right as the Yin Yang Tiger opened her mouth to respond, Su Yang propelled his hips forward, shoving his entire sword into her cave.

Whatever words the Yin Yang Tiger wanted to utter were forced right back down her throat, and she was left speechless by how overwhelming yet amazing Su Yang's shaft felt inside her body.

The Yin Yang Tiger could feel her inner body being stretched to its limits, and even though Su Yang wasn't moving, she could feel pleasure in every inch of her body.

Su Yang began thrusting his hips a second later, constantly knocking his shaft against her cave and causing her Yin Qi to squirt everywhere.

'Heavens! This feels even more amazing than I'd imagined!' The Yin Yang Tiger cried inwardly as her body craved for more.

A few minutes into their cultivation, Su Yang suddenly grabbed onto the Yin Yang Tiger's hips with his large hands before increasing his speed and intensity.

"Oh~!"

"Ahhhn~!"

The Yin Yang Tiger moaned with satisfaction as her body's temperature increased.

Sometime later, a long and fluffy tail suddenly sprouted on the Yin Yang Tiger's back, slightly above her buttocks. The Yin Yang Tiger then wrapped her tail around Su Yang's waist, but it was not to assist Su Yang's movements.

Su Yang's pounding was so intense that the Yin Yang Tiger needed more gripping strength, hence the tail. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

After pounding the Yin Yang Tiger's body for several straight hours, Su Yang skillfully changed their position without stopping his hip movements or making it feel awkward, and before the Yin Yang Tiger realized it, she was lying on her back with her front exposed to Su Yang and the ceiling.

"M-my name is Xing Qingjun…" The Yin Yang Tiger suddenly introduced herself.

Su Yang stared into her eyes with a calm smile and said, "Let's get along for the rest of the month, Fairy Xing."

Thus, Su Yang cultivated nonstop with Xing Qingjun for the next two weeks.

Due to her naturally high endurance and lust, Xing Qingjun was able to cultivate two weeks without stopping for even a second. However, Su Yang also contributed to this by adjusting his techniques and intensity to her so that it wasn't too weak or too powerful.

After two weeks, they took their first break, which lasted for only a single day. During this time, Xing Qingjun asked Su Yang about his background, almost as if she wanted to know him better.

Su Yang briefly explained his background as Xiao Yang to her.

"You were a masseur in the Red Light District? Let me experience your massage techniques for a bit! I have always wanted to visit that place, but traveling to another world is too expensive!"

Although Xing Qingjun had never been to the City of Pleasure before, she had heard of their fame.

"Sure. I'll give you a massage after I rest a little more."

Once their break ended, Su Yang gave Xing Qingjun an hour massage, which left her entire body begging for more.

"We still have a little over a week left, so let's cultivate until the very last day!" Xing Qingjun pounced on Su Yang and started licking all over his divine rod.

"It's my turn to please you. Let me show off my techniques for our second round," she said.

Su Yang nodded and allowed Xing Qingjun to do most of the work as she rode him like a horse during a race.

They stopped four days later to take another break.

A few hours later, they started their third round, with Su Yang in control again.

"Let's keep doing it until one of us loses consciousness or our time is up!" Xing Qingjun suddenly proposed.

"I'm up for the challenge." Su Yang chuckled.

Thus, they continued to cultivate with each other, pushing through their exhaustion with pure determination and will until Xing Qingjun collapsed on the bed like a corpse two days before their time was up.

Su Yang went to clean himself and cultivated the Yin Qi he gathered while Xing Qingjun slept peacefully.

Two days later, Su Yang got off the floor and went to check on Xing Qingjun, who was still sleeping on the bed.

He gently nudged her awake.

"Five more minutes…" Xing Qingjun muttered.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Our time is up, Fairy Xing. You can stay here and continue to rest, but I must return to my sect now."

Xing Qingjun's eyes snapped open, and she pushed herself off the bed as though a bucket of water had been poured on her.

"Will we be able to cultivate together again in the future?" she asked.

He nodded, "As long as you mark this mission complete, you will be able to make another request to my sect. If you want to ensure that I am your cultivation partner without waiting too long, request for me specifically."

"Xiao Yang, correct? I will immediately make another request!"

Su Yang chuckled and said, "Let's slow down a little. Individual requests will only be approved if you haven't completed one in the last ten years."

"What is with that stupid rule?! You're telling me that I have to wait another ten years before I can cultivate with you again?!"

"That rule was created so that people like you don't flood our sect with requests. Ten years will pass in the blink of an eye for us Cultivators. And who knows, maybe we'll encounter each other by chance before then."

"I guess…" Xing Qingjun sighed in a defeated manner.

Although she was unhappy, there was nothing she could do about it.