Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1066 Autumn Phantom Manor

"Then I will see you later, Fairy Xing."

"I'll see you again in ten years."

Su Yang left the hotel shortly after, while Xing Qingjun continued resting in the room for several more hours.

After leaving the hotel, Su Yang made his way through the bustling streets, the sound of vendors and the smell of exotic spices filling the air, to the nearest teleport formation.

Despite his knowledge that satisfying a Yin Yang Tiger would take time, Su Yang hoped it wouldn't consume his entire month in Spirit Heaven, or his journey would be in vain.

'Fortunately, I had completed my second mission quickly, or I would've had to return to the Sect emptyhanded,' he thought to himself as he approached the teleport formation.

'I have about two weeks left before I must start making my way back to the Sect, but it shouldn't take more than a few days to finish my business—instantly if I am unlucky.'

Upon reaching the teleport formation, the worker there inquired about his destination.

"Autumn Phantom Manor."

"Huh? Did you just say Autumn Phantom Manor?" The worker doubted his hearing and asked for confirmation.

"Yes, you heard right. The Autumn Phantom Manor," he repeated.

The worker became silent and inspected him from head to toe for a moment.

"I typically don't like sticking my nose into others' businesses, but do you have an invitation to go there? If so, may I see it?"

However, Su Yang shook his head and said, "Nope, I don't have an invitation."

The worker raised his eyebrows and sighed, "Then I strongly urge you to rethink going there. That place isn't kind to strangers, especially when they show up without an invitation. With your cultivation, you'll die before you even reach their front door."

Su Yang smiled, "Thank you for the warning, but I will take my chances."

"Reckless and foolish, huh? Why did I even bother wasting my breath?" The worker shook his head.

"Fifty million high-quality spirit stones," he then said.

If one didn't know any better, one would think the worker was trying to swindle Su Yang, as 50 million high-quality spirit stones were enough for a single person to travel to another Divine Heaven—twice, and Su Yang was only traveling within Spirit Heaven.

Yet Su Yang didn't question the worker or try to refute the astronomical price and calmly handed over 5,000 flawless-quality spirit stones to him. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The worker sneered in disdain as he grabbed the money and poured it into a counter. After confirming the payment, he navigated the teleport formation's destination to Autumn Phantom Manor.

"Your grave is ready." The worker said a moment later.

Su Yang merely smiled as he stepped into the teleport formation, disappearing from the platform without uttering a word.

Upon leaving the teleport formation on the other side, Su Yang found himself standing underneath a dark sky with countless flickering stars and surrounded by large trees that were shedding golden leaves.

On the ground before him, a clear and long path stretched for miles, and at the very end of this path was a massive and luxurious red mansion with an overbearing presence.

The Autumn Phantom Manor exists within Spirit Heaven but also exists outside of Spirit Heaven in a world of its own, hence why it costs so much to travel to this place. However, that wasn't all; there was also an entrance fee just to enter this place.

"Master… this place…" Xiao Rong suddenly left his Dantian and appeared beside him.

Su Yang looked at her and smiled, "What are you feeling right now? Or what do you sense?"

Xiao Hua silently stared at the red manor in the distance and muttered, "I'm not sure… it feels like someone or something is calling for me from that building."

She turned to look at him and asked, "Master, what is this place?"

"Autumn Phantom Manor. It's a very exclusive market that sells all sorts of treasures, but not just any kind of treasure. Only the most valuable and highest rarity treasures in the entire Four Divine Heavens are sold here."

"While Jade Heaven may be the wealthiest world and considered a shopper's paradise, its stores are no different from ordinary stores in front of this place. The Autumn Phantom Manor also holds auctions once every few thousand years, which guarantees an unimaginable experience filled with treasures most don't even know exist."

"If you want the best treasures money could possibly buy, this store will be your best choice. With that being said, due to their reputation, not just anyone can shop in this place. Only those who received an invitation are allowed to shop here. To receive an invitation, you must either be extremely wealthy or hold an exalted position within the Four Divine Heavens. You may also request an interview to see if you qualify to receive an invitation, but this method is by far the most difficult."

"Are you here to buy something?" Xiao Rong then asked.

"Of course not. Not only do I simply not have enough money to buy anything here, but we don't have an invitation right now."

"Then what are we doing here?" Xiao Rong raised her eyebrows in a puzzled manner.

"We're going to request an interview for the invitation, but not because I want the invitation. I just want to speak with their owner—if she's even here. Let's go. If we're lucky, we might only have to wait in line for a few days. If not, we'll have to come back another time."

Xiao Rong nodded, trailing Su Yang as they followed the path leading to the red manor.

They arrived at the building's front steps sometime later, but over ten thousand individuals were already in line.

Seeing this, Su Yang sighed in relief, "Good, we got lucky."

Xiao Rong looked at the massive line with a weird expression on her face.

"This is lucky…?"

He nodded, "It may seem like a lot of people at a glance, but the interview process is very fast. Some even end in seconds. You'll see in a bit."

They approached the end of the queue the next moment.