Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1067 Silver Phantoms

When Su Yang and Xiao Rong entered the queue, several people in front of them turned around to look at them with raised eyebrows.

Among the crowd, almost everyone was at least an Ancient Sovereign, their powerful auras filling the air. In stark contrast, Su Yang, still in the Sovereign Spirit Realm, stood out like a flickering candle in a storm. To them, he was a mere mortal, unworthy of standing in the same line, let alone entering the Autumn Phantom Manor.

Moreover, in terms of their status, everyone present was a renowned expert, easily recognizable even by a beggar in the streets. From Sect Leaders of powerful Elite Sects to Family Heads of prominent clans. As for Su Yang, whom nobody recognized, was definitely an anomaly there.

'What is this beggar doing here? Is he seriously trying to acquire an invitation to the Autumn Phantom Manor with his cultivation base?'

'Does he think just anyone can acquire an invitation? He'll be killed before he can even reach the doorsteps!'

Many people were displeased by Su Yang's unbefitting presence and silently mocked him, but nobody there uttered their complaint out loud or expressed it in their expressions, as it could affect their chances of being given an invitation.

Su Yang noticed the weird looks being tossed in his direction and smiled inwardly.

'If I didn't have Xiao Rong by my side, even I wouldn't have dared to visit this place. The fact that they allowed me to enter the queue means that they know of Xiao Rong's identity. They're probably looking at her right now, wondering how they'll recruit her.'

Meanwhile, somewhere inside the Autumn Phantom Manor, several young ladies with petite frames stood around a projection that showed Xiao Rong's figure.

"It's been a while since we've been blessed by the presence of a new Ghost Cat. What should we do?"

"We should just do whatever Senior Sister Xuan would do if she were here—recruit her to join our Autumn Phantom Manor."

"Do you think she'll join us?"

"Once she realizes our identity, she will definitely join. I refuse to believe she'd be willing to stay with a mortal man rather than come with us!"

"Who is that man, anyway? How did he manage to convince a Ghost Cat to follow him? Ghost Cats naturally desire freedom. I cannot imagine giving away my freedom to follow anyone."

"Aren't we all following Senior Sister Xuan, though?"

"That is true, but we have our own circumstances, and we still have our freedom."

"Hey, shouldn't we let them skip the line? It would leave a better first impression, after all." One of them suddenly suggested.

"That's a great idea! I'll volunteer to bring them inside."

Outside the Autumn Phantom Manor, Xiao Rong watched with interest as people entered and left only after several seconds inside, almost as though they were immediately turned away. She recalled Su Yang's words no long ago and understood why he thought they were lucky despite there being tens of thousands of people ahead of them in line.

Sometime later, a beautiful young girl walked out of the manor. She possessed an ethereal beauty, standing with delicate grace, her frame petite yet captivating. Like porcelain, her skin carried a soft luminescence like fresh snow.

Her silver hair flowed like liquid moonlight, flickering with every turn, framing a small face. Like shimmering silver, her eyes held a depth that reflected wisdom beyond her years, sparkling with a subtle mystique that naturally drew one into their enchanting gaze.

If one were to look at Xiao Rong in her original appearance and this petite little girl side-by-side, they'd see little difference and many resemblance, suggesting that they came from the same origin.

When the people standing in line, regardless of their status and cultivation, noticed this little girl, they immediately lowered their heads and bowed to her as if they were revered by her divine presence.

The little girl ignored them and continued walking in a straight line.

Seeing this, Su Yang used his spiritual sense to speak with Xiao Rong, 'Do you see that little girl approaching our direction? She's a member of the Autumn Phantom Manor, and she's probably coming here to speak with you.'

'Me? Why? I don't know her,' she asked.

'Or maybe you just don't remember her, but she's a spiritual beast with a similar bloodline to yours—the Ghost Cats. I came here because I wanted to see if they could unearth the mystery of your background since this is where most of the Ghost Cats in the Four Divine Heaven gather.'

Despite hearing that there were Ghost Cats in this place, Xiao Rong didn't seem particularly interested. In her eyes, even if this place was crawling with Ghost Cats or Phantom Cats, it had nothing to do with her. As for her missing memories, she also didn't care much for them.

'The Silver Phantoms rarely leave the Autumn Phantom Manor unless there is a major dispute in line, but I don't sense any disturbance, so why has one come out now?'Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The people in line wondered inwardly as they silently watched the little girl continue walking with peak curiosity.

Sometime later, the little girl halted her steps, positioning herself at the tail end of the queue. With a deliberate pause, she pivoted on her heel to confront two figures—a handsome young man and an unassuming girl who bore the air of a servant.

The people in line eased as they observed the little girl's attention directed toward Su Yang, who definitely did not belong there.

They sighed inwardly, 'Oh, so it was because of him. I thought something big had happened.'

Everyone there chuckled inwardly as they patiently waited for the little girl to either kick them out or outright kill them.

However, their expectations were shattered when the little girl said, "Are you guys here for an interview? If so, you may follow me inside."

'What?! The Autumn Phantom Manor is personally inviting them inside for an interview?! What in heaven's name is their identity to receive such special treatment?!'

Everyone there stared at Su Yang and Xiao Rong's faces with bewildered expressions, their gaze filled with shock and disbelief.