Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1068 Recruiting Xiao Rong

After being approached by the Silver Phantom, Su Yang and Xiao Rong left the long queue and followed her to the building.

As they followed the Silver Phantom away from the queue, Su Yang and Xiao Rong couldn't help but notice the intense glares directed at them from every person they passed. The hostility in those looks seemed capable of piercing holes in the very fabric of the stars.

In these experts' eyes, regardless of Su Yang and Xiao Rong's status, they were just mere Spirit Sovereign Realm cultivators, unworthy of the Autumn Phantom Manor's attention.

Once they reached the front of the queue, Su Yang suddenly stopped walking when he noticed a beautiful figure from the corner of his eye.

Due to his lack of cultivation base, Su Yang didn't dare use his spiritual sense to examine the identities of the people waiting in line. It was considered rude and offensive for a mortal to look at immortals in such a manner, so he didn't know who was in line unless he could physically see them with his bare eyes.

"?" Xiao Rong also stopped walking when she noticed Su Yang's movements had stopped.

"What's the matter?" The Silver Phantom asked them. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At the same time, the person that Su Yang was staring at noticed his gaze and turned her head to look at him.

Seeing her beautiful face and feeling her intense gaze at him, Su Yang's body trembled slightly.

The woman possessed crimson hair reminiscent of freshly spilled blood, and her golden eyes shimmered like liquid gold, exuding a naturally overbearing aura.

In addition, she boasted a tall and slender figure, with a red tail extending just above her perfectly rounded buttocks. Adorned in black armor that covered only her upper body, she emanated an air of fierce allure.

Seeing how Su Yang was staring at her, the woman wanted to shout, "What the hell are you looking at?"

However, since he clearly had some special relationship with the Autumn Phantom Manor, she resisted such urges and kept her mouth closed.

Su Yang, on the other hand, opened his mouth and spoke with a mysterious smile, "Fancy meeting you here."

"Huh?" The crimson-haired woman looked puzzled when Su Yang suddenly spoke as if they were long-time friends who had coincidentally met each other.

"Do I know you?" she asked.

"Who knows."

Without explaining anything further, Su Yang turned around and continued walking, leaving everyone there, especially the woman, speechless.

'This mortal dares to make me stop and even wait for him?' The Silver Phantom was just as speechless as everyone else.

If it weren't for Xiao Rong's presence, she would've killed him on the spot.

Of course, Su Yang knew this, which is why he dared to offend her slightly.

When they arrived at the doors to the manor, the Silver Phantom led them straight inside the building.

The moment Su Yang and Xiao Rong entered the building, they were transported to another space, one that was almost pitch black if not for the flickering stars in the background.

However, Su Yang wasn't surprised by the sudden change of scenery and continued walking forward.

The floor rippled with every step they took, as though they were walking on water.

About a hundred meters away, several figures could be seen seated on an invisible staircase, all of them bearing an appearance that greatly resembled the Silver Phantom that led Su Yang and Xiao Rong into the manor.

There were six of them in total, including the Silver Phantom by Su Yang's side.

"Stay here." The Silver Phantom gilding them suddenly said.

Su Yang and Xiao Rong stopped their movements while the Silver Phantom continued walking until she returned to the other five.

Once seated, she spoke in a nonchalant voice, "So, what brought you to the Autumn Phantom Manor, mortals?"

However, Su Yang did not respond. Instead, he looked left and right, almost as though he was looking for something or someone.

"What are you doing?" one of them asked after seeing his curious actions.

"Is Lady Xu away? I was hoping to speak with her," he said.

"A mortal like you wishes to see the Master of the Autumn Phantom Manor? I haven't met someone as foolish as you in a very long time."

"Haaa… why did you have to bring him here with you? Just the Ghost Cat would've sufficed."

"Wha—! Are you blaming me for bringing him along? If they came together, it would've been rude to separate them!"

"Forget it. Let's just recruit her and get this over with."

One of the Silver Phantoms suddenly stood up and jumped from her location, landing directly in front of Xiao Rong.

"Little sister, what is your name?"

"Little sister?" Xiao Rong raised her eyebrows, puzzled as to why she was being addressed in such a manner.

In response, the Silver Phantom suddenly transformed into her beast form.

"You're a fellow Ghost Cat, right? As fellow Ghost Cats, we recognized your identity right away."

"..."

"Xiao Rong," she answered a moment later.

Even though they mistook her for a Ghost Cat, she didn't feel the need to correct them.

"Then, Xiao Rong, we have a proposal. Why don't you stay with us at the Autumn Phantom Manor? Not many are aware of this, but everyone who works here is a Ghost Cat. Due to our rare bloodline and highly sought-after ability to find treasures, we're constantly being chased by others, so we created this safe haven just for our race. Nobody can harm you as long as you stay here, nor do you have to worry about being hunted, as our Autumn Phantom Manor is a powerhouse within the Four Divine Heavens."

Another of the Silver Phantom approached her and added, "Moreover, life at the Autumn Phantom Manor is great. Everyone here is like family. We have unfathomable wealth, near-infinite cultivation resources, and countless treasures. You can even have your own world if you want."

"..."

Xiao Rong listened to their enticing offer with a nonchalant expression, seemingly unfazed by an offer that would drive most cultivators crazy.