Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1072  Master of the Autumn Phantom Manor

Xu Xuan showed a warm smile on her face when she was greeted by the Silver Phantoms. "I'm back," she said in a soothing voice.

Unlike the petite Silver Phantoms, Xu Xuan stood tall and slender, her presence both commanding and delicate. Her hair, a cascade of pure white, mirrored untouched snow, while her silver eyes, luminous as the moon, shimmered with a depth of ancient wisdom.

"Senior Sister Xuan, I'm so glad you've returned to us so soon. There's an urgent matter that demands your attention immediately." One of the Silver Phantoms conveyed this message to her using spiritual sense.

Xu Xuan nodded at them before turning to look at the guests in line.

"The Autumn Phantom Manor will temporarily stop receiving guests."

Her calm voice rippled throughout the entire world, ensuring that everyone in that world heard her.

Despite the unexpected news, a profound silence hung over the line; no one dared voice a complaint, and they merely acknowledged her in silence. Xu Xuan refrained from revealing how long the Autumn Phantom Manor would remain closed, yet no one questioned her decision. Remarkably, not a single person left the line.

Xu Xuan entered the Autumn Phantom Manor shortly after, with the Silver Phantoms following behind her like a group of obedient children.

Once she returned to her personal room and sat down, Xu Xuan inquired in a serious tone, "So, what happened while I was away? I've never seen any of you so anxious before."

"Senior Sister Xuan, you probably will have a hard time believing this, but we met another Phantom Cat!"

"What?" Xu Xuan immediately frowned at this news and even stood up.

"Where and when did you meet this Phantom Cat?!"

To the Silver Phantom's surprise, Xu Xuan accepted their information without hesitation and immediately sought more details, as if she had always known that another Phantom Cat existed alongside her.

"She visited the Autumn Phantom Manor a week ago. Her name was Xiao Rong, and she resembled us so closely that we initially mistook her for a Ghost Cat until she revealed her aura."

"Xiao Rong?" Xu Xuan wore a puzzled look on her face after learning this unfamiliar name.

"Tell me your conversation with her, and do not miss out on a single detail!" Xu Xuan said a moment later.

The Silver Phantoms recalled their conversation with Xiao Rong.

"Amnesia, huh? It would make sense if that were the case…" Xu Xuan muttered to herself.

"Why did you let her leave this place? You should know how important her existence is to us! And why didn't you immediately contact me?! You have my communication jade slip!" Xu Xuan inquired with a displeased expression.

"W-we tried to contact you, but you didn't answer!"

"We also tried to make her stay, but she vehemently refused!" "She's also committed to a Blood Contract with the human who came with her! We couldn't separate them even if we wanted to!"

"What did you just say…?" Xu Xuan suddenly muttered in a cold voice, followed by immense killing intent that caused the entire manor to tremble.

When they sensed her killing intent, all of the Silver Phantoms cowered together and lowered their heads, their small bodies trembling from fear. "S-she didn't come alone but with this mortal human! And she formed a Blood Contract with him!"

"W-we placed a tracker on them, so we can find them no matter where they are in the Four Divine Heavens!"

"Where are they right now?!" Xu Xuan hastily inquired.

One of the Silver Phantoms pulled out a treasure and said, "According to the tracker, they are currently in Martial Heaven." DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

After a moment of pause, she continued, "The Boundless Yin Yang Sect! That's their current location!"

"Boundless Yin Yang Sect…?" Xu Xuan raised an eyebrow at this information, but she didn't think further and immediately prepared to head to the Boundless Yin Yang Sect.

However, as she took a step away from her chair, one of the Silver Phantoms continued, "There's something you should be aware of about this mortal, Senior Sister Xuan. He had our family medallion with him."

Xu Xuan's entire being froze the moment she heard this information. Like a wooden puppet, she slowly turned her head to face the Silver Phantom who had just spoken, and in a voice as stiff as her movements, she demanded, "S-say that again?"

"This mortal had our family medallion and claimed to be your friend. We nearly killed him for his insolence."

The Silver Phantom with the medallion showed it off.

The instant she saw the medallion, Xu Xuan disappeared from her spot like a ghost and appeared before the Silver Phantom, snatching the medallion faster than anyone there could blink.

Once the medallion was in her possession, Xu Xuan inspected it with trembling hands. The Silver Phantoms swallowed nervously, knowing that Xu Xuan, who wouldn't flinch when handling the most precious treasures in the Four Divine Heavens, could barely keep this medallion in her grasp with all the shaking.

Thud!

Xu Xuan suddenly collapsed onto her buttocks.

"S-Senior Sister Xuan?!"

"Are you okay?!"

"What's the matter?!"

The Silver Phantoms were startled by her sudden fall, even though she didn't make any movement the entire time.

"I-it can't be him…" she muttered in a dazed voice.

Xu Xuan refused to stand back up and continued to stare at the medallion in a dazed manner.

The Silver Phantoms didn't dare to disturb her and watched in silence.

Many moments later, Xu Xuan looked at the Silver Phantoms and angrily demanded, "Tell me from start to end your encounter with this mortal and the Phantom Cat! Don't leave any details out this time!"

The Silver Phantoms recalled their encounter once again. Not daring to skip any details like the first time, they started from the moment Su Yang and Xiao Rong entered the queue.

They recalled every word Su Yang uttered, including his tone when speaking the words.

Xu Xuan listened with profound focus, almost like a cat staring at its prey.