Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1073  Returning to the Boundless Yin Yang Sect

As Xu Xuan listened to the Silver Phantoms, her heart was torn between doubt and a flicker of hope

'Is it really you…? From your demeanor to the way you speak… you're just like how I remember…'

Xu Xuan stared at the medallion in her grasp with teary eyes. Since it was possible for someone to have picked up the family medallion she gave Su Yang, it wasn't solid proof of his identity. However, the fact that he was being accompanied by a Phantom Cat and called her his 'friend' made Xu Xuan really want to believe that Su Yang had somehow managed to survive and return to her.

Sometime later, the Silver Phantoms ended their recollection of Su Yang's visit.

Xu Xuan's entire being quivered with a mix of anger and fear, and she spat out in a voice laced with ice, "So you mean to tell me that none of you even bothered to question his identity when he has a Blood Contract with a Phantom Cat? And you continued to disrespect him even after he presented our family medallion?! What the hell are you all doing?!"

The Silver Phantoms huddled together, their fear palpable, like a group of terrified kittens after being scolded by Xu Xuan.

"I thought I could leave the Autumn Phantom Manor in your hands without any worries, but I was wrong! The incompetence you've shown saddens me very much!" "W-we were wrong, Senior Sister Xuan!"

"But can you really blame us for being suspicious of humans?! You were the one who taught us always to be cautious around them!" "Senior Sister Xuan is also at fault for not being here in the first place! Where have you been for the past several decades?! It isn't like you to be constantly away from home, either!" Xu Xuan stomped the floor, causing the entire manor to tremble.

"So you've also learned to talk back to me while I was away, huh?!"

The Silver Phantoms immediately fell silent and huddled together even tighter this time.

Xu Xuan rubbed the area between her eyes and sighed inwardly, 'As much as I want to be angry at them, they are not entirely wrong here.'

"Forget it; we can talk about this later. I need to meet them."

"But the human mortal said not to look for him." One of the Silver Phantoms said.

"Hmph! Since he dared to visit me even at the risk of his identity being exposed, he must need something from me. And when has he ever listened to me?" Xu Xuan muttered.

"Senior Sister Xuan… isn't it about time you tell us about that mortal's identity and relationship to you? Is he really your friend?" Xu Xuan glared at them and spoke in a serious voice, "I still need to verify his identity myself. Regardless, none of you are to utter a single word about their visit, okay? Don't even acknowledge their existence until I return." "How long will you be gone this time?"

"It won't take long. I should be back within a month. You can resume accepting guests after I leave."

Xu Xuan left the Autumn Phantom Manor through the back door shortly after.

 'Boundless Yin Yang Sect… Su Yang!'

Instead of using teleport formations, Xu Xuan used her personal flying treasure to traverse the starry abyss, moving faster than the speed of light.

Meanwhile, when Su Yang returned to the Boundless Yin Yang Sect, he first visited the mission hall to see if he'd received the credit for his missions yet. Upon arriving at the mission hall, Su Yang entered the building and scanned the workers with a calm gaze.

He quickly identified the Sect Elder who approved of his missions and made his way to the elder's desk.

After waiting for a few minutes, when it was his turn, he approached the desk with a calm smile. "I am here to report my mission successful." Su Yang placed three pieces of paper on the desk before the elder, who raised his eyebrows upon seeing that they were all high-priority missions.

"Hm? You're that disciple who received the Sect Master's approval to leave the sect despite being an Outer Court disciple…" The Sect Elder recognized Su Yang due to his unique circumstances.

"Did you really manage to finish three high-priority missions at once? Let me check…"

The Sect Elder retrieved a scroll and poured his Profound Qi into it. After a disciple fulfills or fails their client's request, the client must report back to the sect with the results so the disciple can receive their credits. A few moments later, the Sect Elder placed the scroll down with a look of disbelief on his face.

'He actually managed to complete all three high-priority missions back-to-back! And all three of these missions had a high failure rate!' The Sect Elder was bewildered when he saw the results.

He'd expected Su Yang to fail at least two of the three missions, after all.

'According to his information, he joined the sect very recently through special admission… I guess there was a reason he was recruited…'

"I have confirmed the completion of all three missions. Here is your award, and you will be given 150 Pleasure Points for each mission, which will total 450 Pleasure Points." The Sect Elder placed several medium-quality spirit stones on the desk and beckoned.

"I need your identity jade slip to transfer you the points."

Su Yang handed the jade slip to the Sect Elder and accepted the spirit stones, casually tossing them into his storage pouch.

The Sect Elder handed the jade slip back to him a moment later.

"I have distributed 450 Pleasure Points to you."

"Thank you."

Su Yang didn't say anything else. He turned around and walked out of the building, making his way back to his living quarters in the Outcast Peak.

"Welcome back, Manager!" Mei Xing welcomed him back with a beaming smile on her face. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"I'm back. How have you been during these three months I was away? I hope there wasn't any trouble."

"No trouble at all! I've been cultivating diligently for the last three months and managed to have a breakthrough!" she excitedly said.

"That's good. And congratulations on your breakthrough." Su Yang smiled.