Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1074  Chun Hua

"Welcome back, Manager." Mei Ying came out to greet him shortly after she heard Mei Xing's excited voice.

He nodded, "I'm back, but I won't stay for long. It will take more than three missions to qualify for the Inner Court Disciple's examination."

"How long will you be staying?" she asked.

"I'll stay for a few days before returning to the mission hall to look for more missions."

"Okay."

After chatting with Mei Xing for a little longer, Su Yang went to Mei Ying's room to embrace her for the first time in three months.

"Several disciples came to see you when you were away." Mei Ying revealed after their cultivation session.

"Did any of them not want to cultivate with me?" he asked.

"No, all of them were looking to cultivate with you."

"I see. Then there's no need to worry about it."

Su Yang returned to his room to rest, spending the next several days refining the Profound Qi within him.

'In order to become an Inner Court disciple, I will need to raise my cultivation to the Divine Origin Realm. However, that will take years if I do it normally through cultivation.'

Su Yang knew that he needed a lot of cultivation resources to increase his cultivation quickly, but the ones he required were rare treasures that were hard to purchase, even with money. This is why he visited the Phantom Autumn Manor. He had hoped to acquire something that would give him a boost, but since its Master, Xu Xuan, wasn't available, he will now have to figure out another way to significantly boost his cultivation base in a short time.

Su Yang knew that he needed a lot of cultivation resources to increase his cultivation quickly, but the ones he required were rare treasures that were hard to purchase, even with money. This is why he visited the Phantom Autumn Manor. He had hoped to acquire something that would give him a boost, but since its Master, Xu Xuan, wasn't available, he will now have to figure out another way to significantly boost his cultivation base in a short time.

He retrieved his black storage back and stared at it in silence.

'No, it's still too early for that treasure… My body won't be able to endure it.'

After putting away the black pouch, Su Yang left his living quarters to head to the mission hall for more missions.

However, before he could even leave the Outcast Peak, someone entered his path and stopped him at the exit.

Su Yang calmly looked at the individual before him. She was an exceptionally pretty young lady with a natural, innocent face. The aura she exuded reminded him of Lin Xinyi, a noble who did not look like she belonged in a place like the Boundless Yin Yang Sect. However, she was wearing an Inner Court disciple's outfit.

"How can I help you?" Su Yang asked her with a calm smile on his face.

"You're Xiao Yang, correct? The one with the massage thing going on."

"Indeed, I am that Xiao Yang," he confirmed. "Are you looking for a massage? Unfortunately, I am on a break to focus on sect missions."

"Is that so? Perhaps we can negotiate?"

"Oh? What are you thinking?" This was the first time someone tried to negotiate with him, so Su Yang was intrigued and decided to see what she had to offer.

"I don't know what you desire, so give me some hints. I may not seem like it, but I have quite the influence within the Boundless Yin Yang Sect. For example, if there's a special place that you wish to access but cannot due to your status, I may be able to sneak you inside."

Su Yang didn't immediately respond.

After a moment of silence, he asked, "Can you get me inside the Eternal Yin Yang Cave?"

The Inner Court disciple's eyes widened with surprise after hearing such an unexpected answer.

"You want to enter the Eternal Yin Yang Cave? Even if I have the power to do that, who in their right mind would do such a favor for a massage?"

Su Yang chuckled, "You're right. It'd be an unfair exchange."

Naturally, he never expected this Inner Court disciple to have such authority and only said such a thing to tease her. In the entire sect, only the Sect Master would have the authority to make such decisions.

"How about this?" The Inner Court disciple suddenly spoke, "I may not be able to get you into the Eternal Yin Yang Cave, but I can get you inside the Fiery Yang Cavern. Have you heard of it?" "The Fiery Yang Cavern?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows in a surprised fashion.

The Fiery Yang Cavern is where male disciples go to improve the quality of their Yang Qi, but it was not accessible to every disciple.

"I have heard of it, but it's only accessible by Core Disciples. You're just an Inner Court disciple, so how could you possibly have the authority to get me inside?" Su Yang asked.

The Inner Court disciple chuckled and said, "My name's Chun Hua. Of course, I don't have the authority to let you inside. However, I know someone who has the schedule, so I know when it'll be unoccupied. If you use it during that time, you won't have to worry about such things."

"You're asking me to sneak inside the Fiery Yang Cavern?" Su Yang couldn't believe his ears.

"Being expelled from the sect would be the least of my worries if I am caught doing something so bold."

Chun Hua chuckled, "Even if you somehow get caught, I can make sure that you'll only receive light punishment, and I am willing to swear on my soul. Of course, I understand if you're too scared to do it."

'This little girl is provoking me…? What's she trying to achieve?' Su Yang thought to himself.

Although Chun Hua appeared quite suspicious in his eyes, if she was willing to swear on her soul, he wouldn't mind taking this risk. After all, he would benefit greatly from the Fiery Yang Cavern. Not just his Yang Qi but also his cultivation.

'Even if I am caught, I doubt they'll be willing to kick me out of the sect as long as I continue supplying them with my Yang Qi.'

After a moment of silence, Su Yang smiled and said, "Alright, let's do it."

Chun Hua smiled back, "You're bold. I like that." Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

She continued, "You can go ahead and finish whatever you plan on doing. I'll wait for you."

"My plans can wait. I only planned on visiting the mission hall."

"Okay, then let me experience your massage first."

Su Yang nodded and turned around, walking right back to his living quarters.