Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1075  Chun Hua(2)

"Hm? You're back already? Did you forget something?" Mei Ying asked when Su Yang suddenly returned to the house.

"No, there's been a slight change in today's schedule. I'm going to be working with a client now." Su Yang gestured at Chun Hua.

"Hello. I'm Chun Hua." she waved at Mei Ying with a friendly smile.

"Hello." Mei Ying respectfully bowed to her.

"Come, I'll take you to my room." Su Yang said.

Once they entered his room, Chun Hua immediately removed her clothes and tossed them aside.

"There's no need to rush. I won't be going anywhere." Su Yang chuckled when he saw her actions.

"I just prefer being naked. If I could, I would walk around naked." Chun Hua shrugged as she lay on the bed.

"Oh? This bed is so comfortable," she said as she began humping it.

'What a peculiar girl.' Su Yang laughed inwardly at her eccentric actions.

He walked to the bed and sat beside her, silently inspecting her peerless body.

Although Chun Hua had a short stature, it wasn't small enough to be petite. Her skin was pale like snow, silky smooth, and without the slightest imperfection.

"Are you ready?" he asked her as he stretched his limbs.

"I came here ready," she chuckled.

Su Yang didn't let her wait any longer and immediately placed his hands on her back.

"Oh~! This is definitely something!" Chun Hua moaned in a delighted voice.

"No wonder why the others were going crazy over your massages, Disciple Xiao. I am convinced the rumors were not exaggerated."

'This girl…' Su Yang narrowed his eyes at Chun Hua's deceptive appearance. Beneath her seemingly fragile form lay a reservoir of extraordinary endurance that surpasses every disciple he's massaged up to this point.

She was clearly very talented and experienced. It would not surprise Su Yang at all if this disciple were actually a Core Disciple disguised as an Inner Disciple.

Due to their exalted status and prideful nature, it would be incredibly unlikely for a Core Disciple to request a massage from an Outer Disciple in their real appearance without losing face and being ridiculed by the other Core Disciples.

If Chun Hua was truly a Core Disciple, it made perfect sense for her to disguise herself. It would also give her some credibility regarding the Fiery Yang Cavern. However, this was just Su Yang's speculation at this moment in time. He would need to spend more time with her body if he wanted to be certain.

After spending half an hour on her back, Su Yang made Chun Hua flip around, revealing her small yet perky breasts and hairless lower cave.

Chun Hua stared at Su Yang's eyes with a passionate gaze and said, "You can make it even more exciting, right…?"

In response, Su Yang fondled her small breasts and used the space between his fingers to tease her small pink peaks.

"Ah~" Chun Hua released a bashful moan that would make even animals go mad with lust.

After playing with her beasts for a few minutes, Su Yang navigated one of his hands to the slippery slit between her legs.

He slipped a finger inside her cave, which went in easily and smoothly. As he massaged her outer cave with his finger, Chun Hua's little sister would constantly try to suck his finger deeper into her cave.

"Faster~ Do it faster~!" Chun Hua held onto his arm as her body began trembling.

A few seconds later, her lower cave gushed with holy water, soaking Su Yang's hand.

"Haaa…"

Chun Hua wore a satisfied expression on her face. However, she wasn't completely satisfied. She turned to look at him with a lustful gaze and said, "My little sister's been lonely for a long time. Can you introduce your big brother to her?"

Su Yang chuckled at her words and quickly loosened his robes, revealing his big brother to her.

"Wow…"

Chun Hua pushed herself up and moved her body toward the majestic dragon between Su Yang's legs.

Once it was in the grasp of her hands, she began stroking it gently.

She opened her mouth a few seconds later and nibbled the tip like a squirrel, slowly shoving it deeper inside. Su Yang's rod quickly reached her throat, but she didn't stop there and continued shoving it deeper.

Once Su Yang's entire dragon was nearly inside her mouth, Chun Hua began rocking her head back and forth, using her tongue expertly as she moved.

"Mmm…"

"Mmmmhmmm…"

"Ahhh~"

After several minutes of intense mouth action, Chun Hua removed his rod from her mouth and laid back on the bed with her legs spread wide open.

"This little sister is ready for you, big brother."

Su Yin's face appeared in Su Yang's head at this moment, which made him smile.

He approached Chun Hua and rubbed his rod between her slit for a bit before poking its entrance with the tip.

"Ahn!" Chun Hua leaned back as she released a loud moan that caused Su Yang's ears to tremble.

"I'm going inside now," he warned her before slowly pushing his rod inside her tight cave that felt no different than a maiden's unused cave.

Chun Hua could feel her soul being pushed out of her body as Su Yang's rod pushed deeper into her cave.

Her body trembled, and her pink tips became stiff and fully erected.

Suddenly, Chun Hua embraced Su Yang with her legs and locked it.

"I'm not going to let you go until you make me unconscious," she licked her lips.

Hearing her words, Su Yang immediately went to work, thrusting his rod into her tight cave. "Harder! Do me harder!"

As Su Yang increased his intensity, Chun Hua's lower cave continued to gush with Yin Qi.

"Yes! This is the spot~! Ah~ I'm going crazy!!!" Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"..."

While Chun Hua seemed to be enjoying herself immensely and was on the verge of losing her mind, Su Yang could tell that it was being exaggerated. 'Interesting… I'll need to start putting in some real effort if I want to truly satisfy her…' he thought to himself.

The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!