Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"S-Su Yang! Su Yang!" Zhang Xiu Ying called for him as she chased after his disappearing figure.

"Hmm?" Su Yang halted his steps after hearing a familiar sweet voice call his name.

When he turned around, he could see a beautiful young lady wearing red robes approaching him with an excited expression on her face.

"Oh? You are..." Su Yang immediately recognized her pretty face, especially her slim and seductive figure. She was Zhang Xiu Ying, a disciple from the Burning Lotus Sect, and she had given Su Yang her Pure Yin Essence at the Burning Lotus Auction House.

"D-Do you remember me, Su Yang? I am—"

"Zhang Xiu Ying, right?" Su Yang said with a gentle smile on his face.

"R-Right..." Zhang Xiu Ying was afraid that he’d had forgotten about her at first, but not only did he remember her, but she is also slightly surprised by the warm atmosphere around Su Yang. He seemed more approachable and handsome than before, even a little bit friendly.

"W-What are you doing here in the Lotus City?" she asked him. "If you are looking for a certain place, I can guide you there."

Su Yang nodded and said, "I actually have some business with the Burning Lotus Sect so if you don’t mind guiding me there."

"I will gladly!" Zhang Xiu Ying had already forgotten about her fellow disciples at this point and agreed to take him to the Burning Lotus Sect.

"Junior apprentice-sister Zhang, where are you going?"

However, before she could leave, her fellow disciples had caught up to her.

"Is he an acquaintance for yours?" One of the disciples asked her.

"That’s right. And I’m sorry for suddenly leaving, but I have something else to do now..."

When Zhang Xiu Ying said those words, the disciples there all turned to look at Su Yang with examining eyes.

The female disciples were dazed by Su Yang’s handsome and graceful appearance, and some of them even uncontrollably blushed. But as for the male disciples within that group, they were all looking at Su Yang with unfriendly and envious eyes, especially those that fancied Zhang Xiu Ying, their gaze filled with hatred.

"You are from the Profound Blossom Sect?" One of the male disciples recognized Su Yang’s robes.

"What? That disgusting place filled with whores and horny bastards?"

"Hey! Watch your mouth!" Zhang Xiu Ying expressed anger when the male disciples looked down on Su Yang.

However, Zhang Xiu Ying protecting Su Yang only made the disciples even angrier and heated from jealousy.

"Junior apprentice-sister Zhang, why would you bother with someone from the Profound Blossom Sect? Aren’t you aware of how awful their image is within the eyes of the public? People from that place are a bunch of shameless sex-craved individuals that are no different than horny beasts."

"How dare you—"

Just as Zhang Xiu Ying was about to have an outburst, Su Yang casually wrapped his arms around her neck in an intimate manner, causing Zhang Xiu Ying’s body to stiffen from shock.

"S-Su Yang?" she looked at him with a dazed expression.

"W-What do you think you are doing to one of our disciples?!"

"Get your dirty hands off of her!"

Su Yang’s actions immediately angered the male disciples, something he was anticipating.

"It’s been some time since we last spoke with each other, so why don’t we take this somewhere much more quiet and private, preferably a place like your room?" Su Yang spoke in such a soothing voice that even the female disciples standing away from him felt like leading him into their room.

Zhang Xiu Ying recalled the time she spent with him in the Burning Lotus Auction House and slowly nodded with a bashful expression, her face flushed red.

"B-Bastard! How shameless!"

"Don’t listen to him, Junior apprentice-sister Zhang! He’s only using you!"

Their commotion had long attracted the attention of everybody there, but they didn’t seem to mind the attraction.

"Let’s go," said Su Yang as he pulled Zhang Xiu Ying away, ignoring these Burning Lotus Sect disciples since the beginning.

"Hold it right there!"

Suddenly, a powerful pressure that belonged to a peak True Spirit Realm expert assaulted Su Yang.

However, because Su Yang was at the peak of the Earth Spirit Realm, he barely noticed the pressure.

"Senior apprentice-brother Cao!"

The disciples of the Burning Lotus Sec immediately noticed his incoming figure, who wore red clothes with a black lotus on his chest, something that signified a Core disciple from the Burning Lotus Sect.

When this senior apprentice-brother Cao appeared, he stood before Su Yang and spoke with an overbearing expression on his face, "I don’t care where you came from, but when you are in our territory, I will not tolerate any lack of respect for my Burning Lotus Sect disciples, especially if they are Inner Court disciples!"

Su Yang stopped only for a second to glance at this Core disciple with a nonchalant expression before walking around him, completely ignoring his existence.

The Core disciple trembled in anger when Su Yang ignored him.

"How fucking dare you—"

However, before the Core disciple could even turn his head, a large palm appeared before his face.

Pa!

Su Yang had sent the Core disciple flying across the street with a single slap, shocking everybody there.

"S-Senior apprentice-brother Cao!" Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The other disciples showed a terrified expression after seeing Su Yang take care of their Core disciple with seemingly zero effort.

After dealing with the Core disciple, Su Yang glanced at the other disciples with the corner of his eye, making them tremble in fear.

He pointed to them and made a beckoning gesture to the disciples that were spewing trash just moments ago.

"If you don’t come over here, I will go over there, and it will only be twice as painful," Su Yang said to them with a calm expression after they remained standing there, clearly frozen from fear.

"S-Since we are at this point, we might as well fight him together!" One of the disciples suggested.

Thus, powered by their Profound Spirit Realm cultivation base, the disciples began charging at Su Yang, who was at the peak of the Earth Spirit Realm.

A few seconds later, three loud slaps resounded within the Lotus City, and three more figures could be seen flying across the street.

"A bunch of clowns," Su Yang shook his head.

He then said to the dazed Zhang Xiu Ying, "Now that the annoyance is gone, let’s hurry to the Burning Lotus Sect."

"O-Okay..." she replied with a slow nod.