Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Do you think senior apprentice-brother Su is in trouble with the Sect Master?"

"I thought everything was fine when Elder Sun left... maybe she is here for a different matter."

The female disciples there watched Liu Lanzhi approach Su Yang’s front door with worried expressions. Although they might be able to revolt against a sect elder for trying to stop Su Yang from cultivating, the sect master is an entirely different story.

If the sect master truly wants Su Yang to stop, then there’s nothing Su Yang can do but to respect her commands.

And if such a thing really happens, what can they do from now on to satisfy their hunger for lust? The female disciples there cannot imagine what life would be like without Su Yang — especially since they are starting to get used to him.

A few moments later, once the female disciple that was in Su Yang’s room came out, Liu Lanzhi glared at her with narrowed eyes, which caused the female disciple to tremble from shock.

"S-S-Sect Master!" she immediately greeted her while wondering why Liu Lanzhi was giving her such a dirty look.

Liu Lanzhi did not say anything and directly walked into the house, closing the door behind her.

When Su Yang appeared behind the room, he pretended to be surprised when he saw her, "Sect Master! What a surprise! Are you also here for a massage?" he asked her with a smile.

"Cut the act, Su Yang. I can see your fakeness from miles away," Liu Lanzhi coldly snorted.

"I do not understand," Su Yang shook his head with a puzzled expression.

Liu Lanzhi pointed to her face and spoke loudly, "I am talking about how you slapped my face to wake me up from my slumber! Do you really think that you’d be able to get away after committing such treason?! It is a crime to treat any lady’s face with such disrespect, much less a beauty such as myself!"

Liu Lanzhi expressed her anger and discontent towards the way he treated her beautiful face.

However, Su Yang only shrugged and said, "You already said it yourself — that it was to wake you up."

"Yes, I did! But you also said that I would’ve woken up even without your help by the end of the day! So why was it necessary to slap my face?!"

"Indeed, I had said something like that. However, I also wasn’t able to ignore the sect elders there with their anxious expressions, as it was making me worried. If I had made them wait in such a state of mind for a few more hours, it would have definitely affected their health."

"..."

Liu Lanzhi opened her mouth but no words came out, as she didn’t know how to respond to his words despite knowing that he wasn’t really worried at all. She was just speechless at Su Yang’s character. Does he even see her as the Sect Master despite addressing her as one?

"Anyway, is this all you are here for? To scold me for waking you up?" Su Yang continued to speak as though he was talking to a friend.

Liu Lanzhi frowned and retrieved a glass bottle from her robes and showed it to him, and she spoke, "You sold this to Elder Zhao, correct?"

Su Yang looked at the Euphoric Oil in her grasp and nodded, "That’s right."

He did not deny it at all, something Liu Lanzhi was expecting him to do.

"Where did you get it?" Liu Lanzhi did not beat around the bush and asked him directly.

"What if I refuse to answer? Are you going to force me?" Su Yang responded with a smile on his face.

"No, I will not. Even if I am the Sect Master, I will not force you to reveal something you do not," Liu Lanzhi narrowed her eyes, "However, that being said, because this substance here has the potential to greatly change our Sect as a whole, I will do everything in my power to get it out of you — without doing anything that is against the sect rules — of course." VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Is that so..." Su Yang continued to remain calm.

"If you cooperate with me, the Profound Blossom Sect will compensate you greatly for it. I will allow you unlimited free entry to the Chamber of Embrace along with many other benefits that even Core disciples would envy. This is an incredible offer that any disciple would not hesitate to accept, not to mention the merit you would receive for assisting."

"The Chamber of Embrace, huh? Is she still unaware that the place has long lost its powers ever since I uprooted the Root of Vitality from that place?" Su Yang thought to himself

"Indeed, that may be an irresistible offer for your average disciple. Unfortunately, I find no interest in that offer."

Liu Lanzhi frowned when he refused her offer, but she also refused to give up and continued trying to convince him, "Knowing you, there must be something that you want from me, and you are simply waiting for me to say it. Well, what do you want from me? If it’s within my power, I will see what I can do."

Su Yang chuckled and said, "If it’s within your power? Are Sect Masters always this humble?"

"Just because Sect Masters rules the Sect does not mean they can do whatever they want, as there are things even we cannot afford to do. For example, if you were to ask me for unlimited cultivation resources, I will be unable to fulfill that, as it is my responsibility as the Sect Master to ensure all of the disciples have a chance in obtaining them fairly."

"Don’t worry, I won’t ask for something like that," he said with a smile.

"So there is something specific that you want from me!" Liu Lanzhi’s narrowed at his words.

"Although it’s not much, there is indeed something I would like you to help me with."

"Hmph! Don’t be too greedy and go overboard, Su Yang! Knowing you, even the heavens falling may nothing but a small matter in your eyes!" Liu Lanzhi warned him.