Although it had taken her nearly half the day because she had to look for them, Liu Lanzhi managed to contact all of the Core disciples. However, when she was finished speaking with the last disciple, Liu Lanzhi left the place sighing.

"He definitely won’t like the results..." she sighed.

Besides Fang Zhelan, every other Core disciple refused to accept Su Yang’s note. That being said, it was not as though Liu Lanzhi did not expect this result. In fact, she didn’t even try to persuade them when they refused, as her only job was to deliver the notes and she knew that they would still refuse.

Afterward, Liu Lanzhi returned to Su Yang’s living quarters, where there was still a bunch of Outer Court disciples waiting around, looking like a garden of flowers waiting to be watered.

Seeing this scene, Liu Lanzhi sighed again. "Knowing how godly his techniques are, it would be weird if this isn’t happening," she thought to herself.

When the disciples there noticed Liu Lanzhi, they immediately greeted her.

Some of them wondered if the Sect Master also wanted a massage from Su Yang, hence her presence there. As for others, such a thought did not even appear in their minds. Instead, they were worried for Su Yang, who might be in trouble with the Sect Master because of the recent commotions.

After waiting for a few minutes, a pretty young lady walked out of Su Yang’s living quarters with unstable movements, looking like she was walking on slippery ice during an earthquake.

"Next!"

Su Yang’s voice resounded from within the house, but nobody there dared to enter, as they were all waiting for Liu Lanzhi to go first despite arriving last.

"Sect Leader." Su Yang greeted her with a welcoming smile when she entered the room.

"You..." Liu Lanzhi felt something was different about Su Yang when she saw him. Though she couldn’t figure out why she was having such feelings, it caused her heart to throb at a faster rate, almost like her body was reacting to his presence.

"I am here to tell you that I have completely what you requested," she immediately said to him.

"However, besides Fang Zhelan, none of the Core disciples even bothered to accept your notes."

Liu Lanzhi told him the truth without coating her words and waited for his reaction.

However, Su Yang didn’t even lift an eyebrow upon hearing the news.

"Is that so? That’s quite unfortunate," he said in a calm voice.

"Then about the Euphoric Oil..."

"As promised, I will tell you how I obtained it," he said.

Liu Lanzhi was slightly startled by the results, as she was worried that Su Yang would start making excuses, and she stared at him with wide eyes, patiently waiting for the next words that would come out of his mouth.

"But before I tell you that, can you return to me all of the notes that I had given you?" he said with his hands forward and opened.

Liu Lanzhi did not think much of it and returned the notes that were refused by the Core disciples.

"What is written inside the notes if you don’t mind me asking," she was too curious to not ask.

"Nothing much," he responded as he grabbed the notes, "just a few Heaven-grade cultivation techniques that might have helped out their cultivation."

Liu Lanzhi’s expression froze when she heard that, and she stared at him with eyes wider than an egg.

Seeing her reaction, Su Yang smiled and said, "I am obviously joking..."

As he said those words, Su Yang used his Alchemy Flames to burn the notes until they no longer existed.

When Liu Lanzhi saw the Alchemy Flames, she felt as though the world in her mind shook, almost like she was experiencing a great revelation.

"I-I-I-Is t-t-that..."

"That’s right, it’s Alchemy Flames," Su Yang said without hesitation, "and coincidentally, this is where the Euphoric Oil comes from."

"..."

Liu Lanzhi was shocked speechless. Since when did Su Yang become an Alchemist? How long has he been one? And most importantly, did he truly make the Euphoric Oil — something that is superior to even the Profound Yin Pills that the Profound Blossom Sect held in high regards before knowing of the Euphoric Oil?

"What’s wrong? You don’t believe me?" Su Yang asked her after she remained silent for many minutes.

"N...No... that’s not it..." Liu Lanzhi said, "I just didn’t expect you to be this transparent..."

Even though Su Yang was only doing as he promised, Liu Lanzhi couldn’t believe that someone as secretive and mysterious as him would reveal such a big secret to her — especially when it seems like he’s been hiding it for quite some time now.

"Why are you telling me this? You must have another reason..."

Su Yang smiled and said, "I would’ve revealed it sooner or later even if you never asked. However, I do have a small request for you..."

"W-What do you want from me now?" Liu Lanzhi prepared herself inwardly.

"It’s simple, really..." Su Yang approached her and spoke a few sentences of words to her.

Liu Lanzhi was puzzled at first, but as she heard more from him, her eyes would widen from shock.

"Y-Y-You... Unbelievable..."

Liu Lanzhi didn’t know whether to laugh or cry after listening to the whole thing. However, one thing was for certain — that she would have never guessed his request even in a million years.

"Very well..." she nodded. "Although I am technically breaking the Sect Rules by allowing this, this is a special occasion..."

Su Yang smiled and said, "Perhaps I should reconsider teaching you how to create the Euphoric Oil in the future..."

Liu Lanzhi’s eyes shone brightly after hearing those words and she spoke, "You don’t have to worry about the fact that you are already an Alchemy Master being revealed to the world as it will remain as a secret with me."

Su Yang didn’t say anything because he already knew that she would say that.

"Anyway, I came here to tell you another thing — due to the circumstances with the Guardian Spirit, Fang Zhelan is expecting you at her living quarters."

"I understand... I will go see her as soon as possible," said Su Yang. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Good. Then I leave for now to fulfill that request of yours..." she said before leaving the place shortly after, still feeling shocked about everything she learned today about Su Yang.

And although she has over a dozen questions for Su Yang regarding his Alchemy Flames and other things, she has decided to leave it for the future when she fully comprehends and accept all of the information that she has learned today.