"As long as you feed the Snow Tiger one blade of grass every four days, it should be able to reach maturity within one month of time, maybe even sooner than that depending on how talented this Guardian Spirit is."

Although he did not say it, Snow Tigers are actually at the very bottom of the ranks when compared to the other Guardian Spirits. That being said, a Guardian Spirit of this rank will be more than enough to dominate this world if matured and trained properly.

"Anyway, I have accomplished what I came here to do, so I will be taking my leave now."

"Wait a second."

Fang Zhelan suddenly stopped him.

"What is it?"

"Since you are already here, why don’t you stay a little bit longer? I have a few more questions I’d like to ask you," said Fang Zhelan as she moves a chair towards his way.

Su Yang glanced at the chair for a moment before sitting down.

"What would you like to ask me about?"

"When I first saw you, it felt like I had seen you before. Now that I have taken a closer look at you, I think I recall seeing you at the Burning Lotus Auction House. Did you also partake in the auction?"

"Hoh? You saw me?"

Besides that time he watched her bid for his monster cores, Su Yang does not recall seeing her.

Fang Zhelan nodded and said, "It was only for a second but I remember seeing you leave the auction house afterward."

Because Su Yang’s handsome features are so distinctive and memorable, Fang Zhelan was able to remember his face even though she had only glanced at him for a second.

"I didn’t plan on saying anything, but since you asked, all of the Lightning Cat monster cores that you bought from the auction house belonged to me."

"Eh? Really? They were all yours? I had thought that they all belonged to some rich collector!"

Fang Zhelan expressed surprise, as she truly did not expect him to be the owner of so many monster cores.

"Then you must be fairly rich now, huh. No wonder why you refused to accept Spirit Stones in exchange for the Seven Silver Blades when any normal individual would’ve taken it even if they didn’t ask for it."

Su Yang smiled and said, "What about you? The reason you bought so many monster cores was so that you can feed this Guardian Spirit, huh?"

"That’s right," she nodded as she patted Xiao Bai, who was sitting beside her.

Su Yang then continued, "What else do you have for me?"

Fang Zhelan suddenly became silent, seemingly hesitant about her next question.

"If you don’t mind me asking... since the Seven Silver Blades contain a large amount of Profound Qi, can humans also cultivate with it as they do with Spirit Stones?"

"..."

Although Su Yang could guess her reason for asking such a question, he did not immediately answer her.

"Don’t worry, even if I am desperate for growth, I do not plan on taking Xiao Bai’s share as her growth is much more important to the Sect than mine, not to mention that she will hate me if I do," said Fang Zhelan after seeing Su Yang’s seemingly pondering expression.

Su Yang closed his eyes and said, "If I say that humans can also cultivate the Seven Silver Blades, will your next question be whether or not I can make more for you, right?"

Fang Zhelan did not hide her intentions and nodded with a serious expression.

"As you know, the Regional Tournament is right up the alley. Not just the sect elders but even the Sect Master has high expectations for me, so I must do whatever I can in order to achieve a high rank at the tournament. However, my opponents will be Core disciples from powerful sects all around the continent, and most of them will reach the Earth Spirit Realm before then."

"Although I do not doubt that I can enter the Earth Spirit Realm by the end of the year, I cannot see myself reaching that goal before the tournament. If you are willing to assist me with the Seven Silver Blades, I will be deeply indebted to you."

Su Yang thought for a moment before saying, "Why don’t you just cultivate with that clown outside just now? He seemed pretty confident that he would be able to fulfill that wish of yours."

"Yun Nantian? That man only says things that people want to hear, no matter if it is true or not."

"Is that the reason you dislike him? I had thought that all Core disciples were quite friendly with each other — especially since there are only a few of you in this place."

"That cannot be further from the truth. Although we act like that in public, most of us actually despise each other. In fact, when looking for a cultivating partner, we always go outside, where there are plenty of powerful individuals." DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Su Yang nodded, as her words made sense. Because all Core disciples are similar in cultivation bases, they would rather prefer individuals that are much stronger than themselves as partners. In fact, Core disciples rarely cultivate with each other if ever. And because of this, Core disciples from the Profound Blossom Sect usually have a deep connection with powerful and influential people from the outside world.

"Although I understand your situation, I will have to refuse to make more Seven Silver Blades," said Su Yang a moment later.

"May I ask why?"

While Fang Zhelan was upset that an Inner Court disciple had refused her personal request, something she didn’t think could happen before today, she was not angry at him.

"It’s simple — the Seven Silver Blades will kill you because humans are not capable of cultivating what is meant for Guardian Spirits, as their Dantian function greatly differs from ours."

"Eh? But you said just a moment ago..."

Fang Zhelan looked at him with wide eyes.

"I only spoke hypothetically."

Fang Zhelan quickly became speechless. To think Su Yang would get her hopes up and crush it almost instantly. Does he even realize who is standing before him? No normal disciple would dare to speak to her so casually, much less play with her emotions like this.

"That being said, if you want to reach the Earth Spirit Realm, I can help you achieve that."

Su Yang suddenly said, and Fang Zhelan’s eyes flickered with a profound light after hearing that.