Over thirty experts from the Million Snakes Sect quickly approached the Profound Blossom Sect after sensing Xiao Bai’s Profound Qi erupt from within the place.

Although thirty people may not seem like anything when the Profound Blossom Sect has at least one hundred sect elders and thousands of disciples, each of these experts from the Million Snakes Sect were at least within the Earth Spirit Realm. Some of them were even at the Heavenly Spirit Realm.

Meanwhile, the Profound Blossom Sect does not even have a single Heavenly Spirit Realm expert and only a few of them were at the Earth Spirit Realm.

Even if half of these thirty experts do not lift a finger, the Profound Blossom Sect will not stand a chance against the Million Snakes Sect. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

This is the disparity between a mediocre sect and one that sits at the top of an entire region — like heaven and earth.

While the Million Snakes Sect approached the Profound Blossom Sect, Su Yang and Fang Zhelan stood before the Chamber of Embrace, seemingly getting ready to enter it.

However, because of the ripples that Xiao Bai created, they remained standing there even many minutes later.

"So this will happen once every four days, huh..." Fang Zhelan sighed.

She then turned to look at Su Yang and said, "But for you to forget something this important — I nearly had a heart attack the first time it happened!"

Su Yang merely shrugged his shoulders at her words.

"It will calm down in a few minutes."

However, Fang Zhelan was not worried about Xiao Bai getting excited. Instead, she worried that such powerful ripples might attract unnecessary attention.

"If people learn of Xiao Bai’s existence because of this, who knows what will happen to this place..." she sighed.

"Just throw that Snow Tiger into a concealment formation before feeding her the Seven Silver Blades."

"That’s easier said than done. Experts in arrays and formations are especially hard to find nowadays — especially one that can create a formation that can conceal such powerful ripples."

Although one does not need to be born with the talent to learn formations and arrays, not many Cultivators are willing to spend years learning something that requires extreme concentration and patience and is unconventional in battle.

In the time it takes to create a single formation, the enemy could have used at least a dozen different techniques, hence why formations are rarely used during battle, and because of that, many Cultivators view formations and arrays as something meant for support and defense. In fact, some of the most profound defensive formations require years upon years to complete.

"I will create a concealment formation around your living quarters after this — one that is strong enough to prevent these ripples from escaping," said Su Yang.

"You are also an Array Master?" Fang Zhelan looked at him with wide eyes.

In addition to being an Alchemy Master, he’s also an Array Master? Not to mention his deep cultivation base at his young age.

Fang Zhelan couldn’t help but wonder what kind of entity Su Yang will become once he grows up, as he is already a monster that defies all logic at this point.

"Anyway, enough standing around. The ripples will go away in a few moments, and everything will be back to normal."

Su Yang began approaching one of the entrances at the Chamber of Embrace.

However, before he could even enter the place, Fang Zhelan shouted, "Wait for a second, I see the Sect Master’s figure heading our way, and she seems fairly agitated."

Su Yang halted his steps to look at Liu Lanzhi, who was running towards them with a face full of sweat and anxiety, and in her arms was Xiao Bai, who seemed to be unhappy to be carried by her.

"Disciple Fang! Su Yang! Stop what you are doing! This is an emergency!"

Liu Lanzhi shouted at them from afar.

"What happened, Sect Master?" Fang Zhelan asked her with a frown.

"The Million Snakes Sect has learned of Xiao Bai’s existence! Not only that but they are coming here as we speak!"

"What did you say?!?!" Fang Zhelan exclaimed loudly. "Western Region’s Million Snakes Sect?! What are they even doing here?!"

"I am not sure myself but they seemed to have known about Xiao Bai before we found her, and they are here for her!"

"N-No way... what should we do now, Sect Master?"

Liu Lanzhi looked at her and shook her head, "If we don’t give up Xiao Bai, the Million Snakes Sect will surely use force, and our Profound Blossom Sect cannot deal with a colossal power such as the Million Snakes Sect. Even if we repel them today, they will surely return with an even stronger force."

Fang Zhelan immediately turned silent, her gaze on Xiao Bai.

"Xiao Bai..."

Although she didn’t want to give Xiao Bai up so easily, Fang Zhelan knew that she had no choice, or else they will have to risk offending the entire Million Snakes Sect, one of the most powerful Sects within the Eastern Continent.

"Seriously? After all the effort I had put into cultivating the Seven Silver Blades?" Su Yang shook his head inwardly.

"Who the hell is this Million Snakes Sect, anyway?" he asked.

Liu Lanzhi looked at Su Yang’s composed manner despite the situation and quickly explained, "They are the strongest power in the Western Region. Earth Spirit Realm experts are abundant in that place, and they even have a few Heavenly Spirit Realm masters in their ranks; it’s a place we cannot afford to offend."

"Hmmm... is that so..." Su Yang narrowed his eyes.

"Anyway, the two of you should head to the Center Court and prepare yourself just in case a battle erupts," said Liu Lanzhi.

"What are you going to do, Sect Master?" Fang Zhelan asked.

"I will... I will hand over Xiao Bai to them."

Fang Zhelan nodded and approached Xiao Bai.

She petted the fluffy white fur on Xiao Bai’s head and said, "I am sorry for not being able to protect you, Xiao Bai..."

Tears dripped down from Fang Zhelan’s face, and for the first time in her life, she cried.

Xiao Bai didn’t understand the situation but she could tell that Fang Zhelan was sad at this moment, which made it frown.

A few moments later, Liu Lanzhi left with Xiao Bai, leaving Su Yang and Fang Zhelan standing there alone.

"I am sorry, Su Yang, but I am no longer in the mood to cultivate, not to mention the situation..."

Su Yang shook his head and said, "It’s fine, I totally understand."

However, in his heart, he’d already sentenced the Million Snakes Sect to death for interrupting his cultivation session, something he greatly despised.