Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After spending a few days in slumber, Liu Lanzhi woke up only recently after her collapse. And although she does not recall returning to the Yin Yang Pavilion, much less entering her own bed, she did not bother to look for the one who carried her here because she figured that this individual wanted to remain anonymous, or else this individual would have spoken to her about her collapse by now.

"The Burning Lotus Sect, huh... I wonder what they want with Su Yang..."

Liu Lanzhi quickly dressed up before leaving the Yin Yang Pavilion.

Before Liu Lanzhi arrived, Wang Shuren and the group looked around the place with a perplexed expression.

"Great Elder Han... there are clearly people here, yet I still cannot sense any presence in this place... What is going on?"

Someone asked.

Despite seeing a sect elder just now, they can no longer sense her after she left, almost like she was a ghost.

"There must be a concealment array surrounding this place. However, for it to be large enough to cover even this Center Court is nothing short of an amazing feat... I wonder how much resources it had cost them..."

Great Elder Han stared in awe. Although he cannot sense the concealment formation, it just further proved this Array Master’s capable abilities.

After standing around for a few minutes, the Burning Lotus Sect noticed Liu Lanzhi’s approaching figure.

"I apologize for the wait, guests from the Burning Lotus Sect. I am the Sect Master of this place, Liu Lanzhi."

"We should be the ones apologizing for our sudden visit despite your situation..."

Wang Shuren bowed her head slightly.

"I am Wang Shuren, and I am here to speak with Su Yang," she then introduced herself.

"Wang Shuren?! That Wang Shuren?!"

Liu Lanzhi was inwardly shocked to learn Wang Shuren’s identity. Why would one of the most influential Alchemy Masters from the Burning Lotus Sect be here, much less looking for Su Yang?

"He’s currently busy right now, but if you’d like to wait inside, I can prepare some tea."

"How long do you think it will take?"

Liu Lanzhi pondered for a moment before saying, "He should be finished within a few minutes once I notify him of your arrivals."

Wang Shuren agreed to wait inside.

Liu Lanzhi nodded and brought them inside the Center Court. A few moments later, all twenty experts from the Burning Lotus Sect sat inside a large room that seemed to be meant for meetings.

Once they all sat down, Liu Lanzhi used a communication jade slip to notify Su Yang about Wang Shuren’s visit.

"I have notified Su Yang, and the tea will be here shortly," said Liu Lanzhi.

"In the meantime, if you don’t mind, can I ask why the Burning Lotus Sect is looking for Su Yang?"

Although Liu Lanzhi couldn’t sense any hostility from them, she couldn’t imagine why they would want to see him.

Wang Shuren waved her hand and said, "The Burning Lotus Sect has nothing to do with my visit here today. These people are only escorting me for safety purposes, and I am here on my own accord."

"If you don’t mind me asking, what is the relationship between you and Su Yang?"

Wang Shuren pondered for a moment before saying, "We did some business before, I guess?"

Liu Lanzhi became even more confused after hearing such words.

"Business?"

After pondering for a moment, Liu Lanzhi recalled that Su Yang has many rare and unique things up his sleeve, such as the Euphoric Oil and the Seven Silver Blades, so it wasn’t too outrageous to think that he might have something that has piqued the interest of even someone like Wang Shuren.

After a moment of silence, Wang Shuren spoke, "Su Yang... is he alright?"

Liu Lanzhi looked at her with a puzzled expression, clearly confused by her question.

"After hearing about the Million Snakes Sect and what happened here..."

Liu Lanzhi immediately understood the situation after hearing about the Million Snakes Sect.

"Su Yang is perfectly fine. In fact, he’s the most composed out of all of us right now." Liu Lanzhi sighed, feeling ashamed that a disciple is actually more calm than herself when in such dire situations.

"That’s relieving..." Wang Shuren smiled.

Suddenly, another voice resounded.

"If you don’t mind me butting in here, can I ask you about the Million Snakes Sect? Where are they now?"

Great Elder Han suddenly spoke. He was simply way too curious about the situation to not ask.

Liu Lanzhi did not immediately answer and pondered whether or not she should reveal the truth to them.

After some thinking, Liu Lanzhi decided to tell him the truth, as there was no point in hiding something that will sooner or later be revealed. Additionally, she could use this chance to let the world know that there’s an incredibly powerful individual backing the Profound Blossom Sect, using his presence as a warning for those that wish to harm them.

"All of the people from the Million Snakes Sect were killed."

Liu Lanzhi spoke calmly as she sips on the tea that has just arrived.

"What did you just say?!"

Not just Great Elder Han but everybody there exclaimed loudly, their expressions filled with shock and disbelief. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"I know it’s hard to believe, but you should’ve seen the blood by the entrance. Every drop of blood there belongs to the Million Snakes Sect."

"Impossible..."

Once the Burning Lotus Sect learned of the truth, they couldn’t even sit back down on their chairs due to the shock.

Who could’ve imagined that the blood by the entrance belonged to the Million Snakes Sect and not the Profound Blossom Sect? Nobody!

Great Elder Han stared at Liu Lanzhi with doubtful eyes, doubting the words that had just come out of her mouth.

While he is not too familiar with the Profound Blossom Sect, he is certain that it cannot compare the Million Snakes Sect and its colossal power.

"How—"

"How is it possible for a small and inferior place like us, right?"

Liu Lanzhi guessed what Great Elder Han wanted to ask and spoke, "To tell you the truth, the Profound Blossom Sect did not touch the Million Snakes Sect. In fact, we couldn’t — not with our abilities, and especially not when nearly all of our disciples decided to abandon this place before they even arrived."

"What do you mean by that?" Great Elder Han asked with a confused frown on his face.

"The Million Snakes Sect was handled by someone else, and that individual is someone with immeasurable prowess — someone who can handle the Million Snakes Sect by himself."

"Preposterous! There’s no way such an individual could exist!"

Great Elder Han refused to believe that there was such an incredible individual in this world yet nobody has heard of him.

"It’s up to you whether you want to believe it or not. However, the fact that this place is still standing is undeniable proof." Liu Lanzhi said.

"Then where is this individual now?" Great Elder Han proceeded to ask.

"I cannot tell you that, as this individual has asked me to respect his privacy."

Liu Lanzhi shook her head and made up an excuse on the spot, easily fooling Great Elder Han and the others.

Great Elder Han narrowed his eyes and wondered, "Could the concealment array surrounding this place also be related to this mysterious expert?"