Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After waiting for nearly an entire day, Fang Zhelan finally heard knocking on the doors to her living quarters, and she immediately went to open it.

"You wanted to see me?"

It was obviously Su Yang who was behind the doors.

"Th... That’s right."

Although she was expecting to see him, Fang Zhelan couldn’t help but feel nervous when in his presence, and she has never felt such a nerve-wracking feeling before.

Perhaps it’s because she’s aware of his true strength, or maybe it’s because of this indescribable aura that surrounded Su Yang at this moment, but something about Su Yang is causing her body to feel anxious, almost afraid.

"Is it too late for me to be here right now? I can return tomorrow," said Su Yang.

"It’s fine, I won’t be sleeping anytime soon, anyway."

Su Yang nodded and entered through the doors.

Upon entering Fang Zhelan’s living quarters, a white ball of fur appeared before Su Yang.

It was Xiao Bai, and she was staring at him with eyes filled with intelligence. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Fang Zhelan was slightly surprised to see Xiao Bai willingly greet someone.

"Perhaps she is also aware that Su Yang was the one who saved her?" she wondered.

Indeed, Xiao Bai recognized Su Yang to be the owner of the presence during the Million Snakes Sect’s invasion the instant she sensed it.

"You seem to be growing properly," said Su Yang after looking at Xiao Bai.

After the incident with the Million Snakes Sect, Su Yang constructed a concealment formation not just around the Sect but also another one around Fang Zhelan’s house. And because she no longer has to worry about Xiao Bai’s presence being noticed after being fed, Fang Zhelan has continued to feed Xiao Bai the Seven Silver Blades for the last week.

Counting the one she will be feeding to Xiao Bai tomorrow, Xiao Bai will only need 3 more Silver Blades, or 12 days, to reach maturity.

After hearing Su Yang’s words, Xiao Bai approached Su Yang and rubbed her soft head all over his legs like some cat.

"Alright, Xiao Bai, you can stop now."

Fang Zhelan said a few moments later when Xiao Bai did not stop.

A little bit later, Fang Zhelan moved Xiao Bai into another room before sitting down in the living room with Su Yang.

"So, what questions do you have for me? I can see it all over your face."

After hearing Su Yang’s words, Fang Zhelan began asking him questions.

"Were you involved that day when the Million Snakes Sect attacked?" she immediately went for the question she wanted the answer to the most.

"You should already know the answer to that."

Su Yang casually responded.

"..."

Fang Zhelan went silent.

Although she had already expected this answer, Fang Zhelan still felt a wave of shock slam into her and overwhelm her mind.

A few moments later, Fang Zhelan lowered her body and bowed to Su Yang in a kowtowing position.

"Thank you, for saving Xiao Bai and this place..."

Fang Zhelan thanked him from the bottom of her heart.

If it weren’t for him, the Profound Blossom Sect might not be here right now, and of course, the people inside it, too.

Su Yang shook his head and spoke in a nonchalant manner, "I do not need your gratitude, as it is a disciple’s duty to protect their own home."

Fang Zhelan did not lift her head and continued, "Yet the majority of the disciples have abandoned that duty and fled with their lives. But you... you remained, even protecting the Sect. I am only a disciple, so my words may mean nothing to you, but this is the only place I can call home, and you protected it for me and Xiao Bai."

Although it was hidden from sight, tears were in Fang Zhelan’s eyes at this moment.

"I understand, so why don’t you get off the floor already? It is not my taste to see a lady kowtowing before me."

Fang Zhelan quickly wiped her tears and stood up.

"Anyway, let’s get to the main reason why I am here..."

Su Yang suddenly said.

Fang Zhelan did not need Su Yang to explain his words and nodded her head, before saying, "Let’s go to my room."

Su Yang followed Fang Zhelan into her room. Once they entered, Fang Zhelan immediately began loosening her robes without saying any words, seemingly eager to cultivate.

Su Yang watched Fang Zhelan slowly reveal her slim body as his nose gets assaulted by the sweet and calming aroma that was nature in this room.

In fact, this unique aroma caused Su Yang’s little brother to feel more eager than usual to cultivate.

"Aphrodisiac Candle, huh."

Su Yang immediately recognized the reason for this phenomenon.

While Aphrodisiac Candle may increase one’s lust and vitality, its effects are not strong enough to make even the most average mortals lose their reasoning to lust, so such a miscellaneous is often used by people that want a better atmosphere or just want to last longer during sex.

"Are you displeased with the Aphrodisiac Candle?" Fang Zhelan did not even try to hide that fact and asked him after seeing him standing there with a slightly dazed expression.

"No, not at all."

He quickly replied, and continued, "It bought back some nostalgic memories, that’s all."

A few moments later, both Fang Zhelan and Su Yang were fully naked and on the bed.

Fang Zhelan, who was already soaking wet and ready, said to Su Yang with dreamy eyes, "Go ahead, my body is already prepared..."

Su Yang nodded and proceeded to jam his thick rod into Fang Zhelan’s tight cave.

"Ahhhhh!"

Fang Zhelan, who has never moaned this quickly, was shocked by just how hard and sturdy Su Yang’s rod, especially how much pleasure she received from just the first thrust!

After his initial thrust, Su Yang did not stop for even a moment and continued moving his hips, sending waves of pleasure throughout Fang Zhelan’s body with each thrust.

"Ahhh!"

"Ahhhhhhh!"

"W-What is this?! I have never felt such pleasure before!" Fang Zhelan cried inwardly as she experienced a whole new world of pleasure, feeling like a mortal who had just ascended from the lower realm to a higher realm!