Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"However, there’s only enough room for two, so I can only take one of you. I also don’t mind going by myself," said Su Yang as he stood in the wooden boat.

"I will go!"

Before Fang Zhelan or Elder Sun could even react, Sun Jingjing jumped onto the boat and stood beside Su Yang with an eager expression on her face, and she seemed more interested in the flying treasure than the rescue mission itself.

"Just the two of you? I will not allow it! It’s simply too dangerous!" Liu Lanzhi quickly rejected.

Her reason for rejecting was simple — she was worried that they might perish during their rescue mission, and she cannot afford to lose either of them, especially Su Yang, who is the only male disciple.

In fact, if it weren’t for Fang Zhelan, who stubbornly kept requesting for Su Yang’s presence, Liu Lanzhi would not have called him here.

"What’s more, what will the two of you do when you arrive? This is not something the two of you can handle alone!"

Su Yang merely shrugged and said, "I will listen to your complaints later. Right now, there are Junior Disciples out there waiting to be rescued."

After saying those words, Su Yang activated the wooden boat, and within a blink of an eye, they disappeared from the Profound Blossom Sect. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Liu Lanzhi and the others stood there with a dazed expression after they left, shocked by the flying treasure’s ludicrous speed.

A few moments later, seeing Liu Lanzhi’s trembling body, Fang Zhelan spoke, "Sect Master, you don’t have to worry about them. Even if Su Yang went alone, he will not die."

"How are you so certain about that?" Elder Sun asked with a frown.

He also couldn’t help but worry that something bad might happen to Sun Jingjing.

After all, if Sun Jingjing were to die while in his custody, he will no longer be able to face the Sun Clan with a straight face.

"I... I just do..."

Elder Sun stared at Fang Zhelan with wide eyes. He has never seen her like this before.

Liu Lanzhi also looked at Fang Zhelan with suspicious eyes, thinking to herself, "She definitely knows something that we don’t about Su Yang..."

"Anyway, there is nothing we can do now that they have already left."

Liu Lanzhi shook her head.

Elder Sun bit his lips and mumbled, "If anything happens to my girl, I will slice your body and feed it to the dogs — even if it’s a corpse by then — Su Yang!"

Elder Sun left a little bit later, but his mind is still filled with worry for Sun Jingjing.

As for Fang Zhelan, Liu Lanzhi had told her to stay, so she remained.

"What’s the matter, Sect Master?"

Liu Lanzhi narrowed her eyes and asked her, "Disciple Fang... what are you hiding from me?"

"..."

Fang Zhelan did not express surprise from Liu Lanzhi’s question as she was expecting it after being told to stay.

"I think it would be for the best if you didn’t know, Sect Master..." Fang Zhelan finally shook her head.

"How can you be so sure about that?" Liu Lanzhi frowned.

"I’m sorry, Sect Master, but I cannot say it. That being said, even if I don’t say anything, you will find out the truth soon..."

After a moment of silence, Liu Lanzhi snorted, "Hmph! Knowing his character, Su Yang probably told you to remain quiet, right? Fine, you don’t have to tell me anything."

Although Fang Zhelan decided to keep Su Yang’s secret by herself, she did not correct Liu Lanzhi and merely accepted it, so she nodded to Liu Lanzhi’s words.

-

-

-

Meanwhile, on a certain wooden boat in the sky, Sun Jingjing clung to Su Yang very tightly with her entire body, looking like a squirrel hugging the tree.

The sudden departure and speed had caught her off guard, and her heart nearly popped out of her throat at that moment.

"Relax, you won’t fall off..."

Su Yang said to her with a calm smile.

"A-A-Are you sure?"

Sun Jingjing asked with a trembling voice.

Seeing Su Yang nod, Sun Jingjing slowly released her grasp on him.

"Y-You’re right! Despite moving mid-air at this speed, it feels like I am standing on the ground! So this is a flying treasure, huh!"

Sun Jingjing’s enthusiasm quickly returned, and she began looking around.

"You are interested in flying treasures?" Su Yang asked her.

"I am now!" Sun Jingjing nodded.

"I have always dreamed of soaring across the sky at high speed, and this experience just fulfilled it!"

After admiring the blurry view for a few moments, Sun Jingjing spoke, "By the way, how fast will we arrive at the border now that we are using this flying treasure."

"A few minutes."

Su Yang casually replied.

"A few days into a few minutes... just how fast is this thing going?" Sun Jingjing did not even imagine that such a treasure could exist in this world; it was almost as if this flying treasure belonged to another world.

-

-

-

Currently, somewhere between the Eastern Region and the Southern Region, in the mountain ranges, ten large and bulky figures were encircling a large group of small figures, looking like shepherds with all of their sheep in one place.

Some of these ten figures wore expensive-looking clothes whilst the others wore dirty and damaged clothes.

All of them seemed to be from different backgrounds, yet they all shared the same vile aura that only those that have abandoned their morality would emit.

"Hahahaha! Who are these idiots? To step foot into our Red Mountain Bandits territory, you are only asking to be killed or sold by us!"

One of the bandits laughed out loud.

"Elder brother, look at their clothes! They are from the Profound Blossom Sect!" One of the bandits recognized their clothing.

"The Profound Blossom Sect? They are still active? And don’t they look a little bit too young to be in such a place?"

"Whatever their circumstances are, we are rich! Look at these girls! Although they are still young, all of them have above-average appearances! Even if we can’t sell all of them, they will still be of use for us in the future, as they will surely grow up to be beauties!"

"If I recall correctly, we have a few brothers with twisted tastes! They will surely be ecstatic once they see so many young girls to choose from!"

"Hahahahaha! We have struck gold today — or should I say that Heaven has blessed us with gold at our doorstep today?!"

The ten bandits laughed wildly, looking like a group of crazy people.

Meanwhile, the Junior Disciples from the Profound Blossom Sect trembled in fear, especially the young girls after hearing that they would be sold off — or worse, enslaved and used by these twisted bandits for the rest of their lives!