"You vile bandits! If you know our background, then it would be in your best interest to let us go! I have already called for backup!"

One of the sect elders spoke loudly, feeling quite pressured by the situation.

There were four sect elders there, all at the True Spirit Realm. However, the bandits were also between the Profound Spirit Realm and the True Spirit Realm, outnumbering them by ten to four.

And when they think about these Junior Disciples that are only being a burden in this situation, the sect elders felt that their hands were being tied.

Of course, the sect elders could easily abandon these Junior Disciples and save their own lives, but that would go against their morals, not to mention that they will surely be executed by Liu Lanzhi if she finds out the truth — which will surely happen.

The bandits stopped laughing and exchanged glances. A few moments later, they continued to laugh but at an even louder volume.

"Hahahaha! Don’t tell me that they are unaware of what happened with the Profound Blossom Sect!"

The sect elders frowned when they heard the bandits.

"What do you mean by that?!"

"Hahahaha! They really don’t know anything!"

The bandits laughed even harder.

"Listen up, you idiots! The Profound Blossom Sect had offended someone they shouldn’t have and was destroyed in a single day!"

"What?!"

The sect elders and Junior disciples stood there with shocked expressions, their faces filled with disbelief.

"You... You are lying! Don’t listen to them, disciples! Messing with your heads is what bandits excel at!"

"Whether we are lying or not, you will find out later. And of course, that will be long after we do whatever we want to you! Hahahaha!"

"If you don’t want to get hurt, then I suggest you stay still when we tie your hands."

"Brothers! Capture them!"

The ten bandits began closing in onto the group with wide grins on their faces, looking like a pack of hungry wolves slowly approaching a pack of vulnerable chickens.

The four sect elders from the Profound Blossom Sect retrieved their weapons. Even if they have to risk their lives, they wanted to protect these young disciples at all costs.

"Go ahead and struggle all you want! At the end of the day, all of your efforts will be in vain!"

A few moments later, the four sect elders clashed with the bandits. However, due to the difference in numbers, the sect elders, as expected, were quickly suppressed by the bandits.

"W-We need to help the sect elders!"

One of the Junior Disciples suggested.

"And what? Get in their way? We are only at the Elementary Spirit Realm! A single slap from these bandits will tear our heads off our necks!"

"Then what should we do?! We cannot just sit around and let them capture us! I don’t want to be sold!"

A few of the Junior Disciples began crying from fear and anxiety.

"Oy! Try not to damage their bodies too much — especially the females! It will decrease their value!"

"Oh, my bad..."

"We don’t need everybody to deal with four True Spirit Realm experts. Three of you can start dealing with the brats."

When the Junior Disciples noticed three of the bandits suddenly turn to look at them, their bodies trembled in fear, and some of them even uncontrollably pissed their pants.

"You bastards!"

The sect elders wanted to stop these bandits but were obstructed by the other seven bandits, forcing them further and further away from the Junior Disciples.

"Hahaha! Little brats! Don’t worry, I will treat you all properly and play with your body gently later, just like an expensive doll."

The bandits laughed.

One of them even made a creepy expression while licking his sword.

"N...N...Nooo!"

The Junior Disciples began running in all directions, but alas, the three bandits quickly surrounded them in a triangle formation.

"Where do you think you little brats are going? If you continue moving around, I might accidentally stab you!"

The bloodthirsty aura from these bandits at the True Spirit Realm is not something mere Elementary Spirit Realm children like them can bare, so many of them froze on the spot from fear.

"Hahaha! Look at them tremble! It only makes me want to play with them even more!"

"Enough fooling around! Let’s just capture them and get this over with!"

One of the elder bandits suddenly roared.

The other bandits then nodded and stopped laughing.

"The Profound Blossom Sect will not forgive you if you touch even a single hair on our disciples! If you let us go now, the Profound Blossom Sect will spare you bandits from total eradication!"

One of the sect elders said in a last-ditch effort to save them.

"We will be looking forward to that," said one of the bandits as he reached out to grab one of the Junior Disciples that was closest to him.

"Ahhh!"

The Junior Disciple that was suddenly caught cried out loud.

"Apprentice-sister Qi!"

"Let her go, you vile bandit!"

A few of the Junior Disciples exclaimed.

"If you don’t quit squirming around, brat, I will cut off one of your limbs!"

The bandit spoke in a cold voice, and the Junior Disciple immediately froze.

However, the tears in her eyes continued to flow.

Meanwhile, above the clouds, unbeknownst to the Profound Blossom Sect disciples and the bandits, two figures stood on a wooden boat, silently watching this entire situation unfold.

"The Red Mountain Bandits... known for their viciousness and lack of morality, they are the most notorious bandits in the Southern Region. If one were to list all their crimes, it would fill an entire bookshelf."

Sun Jingjing watched the Junior Disciples and their terrified expression from above, feeling powerless. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

As much as Sun Jingjing wanted to jump down there to help them, she knew that such actions would not help their situation the slightest, as she was only a Profound Spirit Realm expert.

"Six of them are within the Profound Spirit Realm whilst the rest are at the True Spirit Realm. If we go down there right now, we will only be captured by the bandits."

Sun Jingjing turned to Su Yang and continued with a worried expression, "What should we do? The situation is worse than expected. If only it’s senior apprentice-sister Fang that’s here right now instead of me... it’s all my fault for getting ahead of myself..."

She began blaming herself for this situation.

However, Su Yang remained silent.

A few moments later, Su Yang retrieved a steel sword from his storage pouch and made a throwing position with his body, looking like someone who is going to throw a spear, even holding the sword upside-down by the handle like it’s a spear.

"W...What are you doing?" Sun Jingjing asked him with a dumbfounded face.

Su Yang smiled and said, "You’ll understand soon."