Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Later that day, Elder Sun received news from Liu Lanzhi that the Junior Disciples have returned.

Upon hearing the news, Sun Jingjing immediately rushed to the entrance to meet the Junior Disciples.

"Wow... there’s more than I’d expected..."

Sun Jingjing was slightly surprised when over half of the Junior Disciples returned.

As for the sect elders, only one had decided to remain in the Profound Blossom Sect, while the other three went elsewhere.

"Can I ask why you decided to return? You guys are still young, so there are plenty of better choices you can go besides this place... especially in this situation."

Liu Lanzhi asked them, as she really wanted to know their reasoning for their decisions.

A little girl came forward and said, "Because senior apprentice-brother Su had inspired us, and we want to be like him!"

"H-He inspired you...?"

Although Liu Lanzhi wanted to warn these Junior Disciples that Su Yang may be a bad influence, she smiled and said, "If you want to be like him, you will need to practice long and hard..."

"We will!"

The Junior Disciples all nodded.

However, right after that, one of the Junior Disciples continued, "I cannot wait to cultivate with senior apprentice-brother next year when I become an adult!"

"Me too!"

"I still have 5 years to go..."

When Liu Lanzhi heard these comments, her expression turned stiff.

At the end of the day, these Junior Disciples were truly apart of the Profound Blossom Sect...

"Anyway, because of the situation, I will have you Junior Disciples move to the Inner Court for protection until our population rises again."

"We get to live within the Inner Court?!"

The Junior Disciples all celebrated happily. To think they’d get to not just step foot into the Inner Court but live there before they are even Outer Court disciples, it was a dream come true!

Liu Lanzhi then turned to look at the sect elder that remained and said, "Come with me after this, I have something for you."

"Yes, Sect Master."

"By the way, where is senior apprentice-brother?"

Qi Yue asked when she couldn’t see him.

"He’s busy cultivating for the Reginal Tournament," said Sun Jingjing.

"Sect Master, what should we do now?"

One of the Junior Disciples suddenly asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Um... since all of the disciples and sect elders are gone, who will be giving us lectures from now on?"

"Hm..."

Liu Lanzhi closed her eyes to ponder, as she did not think up to this point yet.

In order to become a lecture, one must have knowledge and skills regarding dual cultivation so that these Junior Disciples will know what to do once the time comes.

Of course, this role is not limited to just sect elders, as anyone with the ability to lecture can participate. In fact, there have been Core disciples and Inner disciples giving lectures before. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"I know!"

A flash of enlightenment sudden occurred in Liu Lanzhi’s mind.

"I have yet given Su Yang his punishment for slapping me in the face! I will have him lecture them for a few days and see how it goes! He’s incredibly skilled and knowledgeable, so the results may be surprising!"

"Since you all look up to Disciple Su, why don’t I have him be your lecture for a few days?" she asked them.

When these Junior Disciples heard that, their eyes immediately glowed with delight.

"We get to be lectured by senior apprentice-brother?"

Qi Yue was slightly dazed by this news.

"Now that it’s settled, we will have to arrange your living quarters as soon as possible. For now, you can just hang around here."

A few minutes later, Liu Lanzhi left the place with the sect elder, leaving the Junior Disciples behind to chatter with each other until they are given their new living quarters.

Meanwhile, when Lan Liqing heard the news about the returning disciples, she immediately went to their location.

Upon seeing Qi Yue, Lan Liqing immediately went to hug her.

"I knew you would’ve stayed!"

Qi Yue laughed and said, "Because I knew that Sister Lan would also be here."

"Anyway, I heard that you were captured by bandits... are you okay?" Lan Liqing asked just in case.

"Of course! Senior apprentice-brother Su came in at the perfect time and killed all of the bandits before we could even react! I can’t wait to grow up and cultivate with him, too!"

"I-Is that so..."

Lan Liqing didn’t know whether to laugh or cry at her innocence.

"Then you better work hard for the next four years."

"Un!"

Qi Yue nodded.

-

-

-

A few more days have passed since the Junior Disciples returned.

"Xiao Bai will be consuming the last blade of the Seven Silver Blades after this. Can you be there with me when it happens? The Sect Master will also be there."

Fang Zhelan asked him as she covered her naked body with clothes after their cultivation session.

"Naturally."

Su Yang quickly agreed, but he was going to be there regardless if she asked or not, just in case something went wrong.

Sometime later, Su Yang followed Fang Zhelan to her living quarters, where Liu Lanzhi was already waiting.

"So you really brought him along, huh."

Liu Lanzhi looked at Su Yang with a nonchalant expression; it was not as though she did not expect him to be there.

Once they entered the house, Fang Zhelan called for Xiao Bai, who immediately answered her call.

"Xiao Bai, this is the last one I have for you."

Fang Zhelan retrieved a pot with only a single blade of silver grass in it.

However, in contrast to its usual reaction and excitement, Xiao Bai expressed a sorrowful look, even showing reluctance to eat the silver grass, as it clearly did not want this to be her last meal.

"What are you waiting for, Xiao Bai? You will not grow up to be an adult if you don’t eat this..."

Fang Zhelan shoved the blade of grass directly in front of Xiao Bai’s face.

Seeing this expected situation, Su Yang smiled and spoke, "You may think that the Seven Silver Blades will be the best thing you’ll ever eat, but there are even more delicious resources out there that you can only eat once you are an adult."

Xiao Bai’s eyes flickered with excitement after hearing his words, and without further ado, Xiao Bai immediately ate the last of the Seven Silver Blades from Fang Zhelan’s hands in one bite.