Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Although the results were the same as last week, I noticed some improvements, so keep it up."

"Anyway, I have nothing new for today, so you can start practicing among yourselves. That being said, if you work hard enough, I might show you guys a good dream, if you get what I mean..."

When the Junior Disciples heard such words, their eyes flickered with excitement and anticipation.

After what they experienced during the last lecture, it has been stuck in their minds like some kind of curse, and they have been wondering if Su Yang will do something like that again since then.

The Junior Disciples wasted no time and quickly found their partners before practicing Fingers of Fulfillment on each other.

Witnessing this odd scene, Liu Lanzhi made a weird expression.

"All they are doing is staring at each others’ back before poking a specific location. I cannot understand the situation based on this..."

However, when Liu Lanzhi noticed the satisfied expression on some of these disciples’ faces after being poked by their partners, a thought immediately appeared in her mind.

"They... they are experiencing pleasure? But they are only being poked in their back... It’s almost like..."

Liu Lanzhi’s eyes widened as she came to a realization.

She then approached Su Yang and asked him, "Did you teach them your massage techniques?!"

Su Yang merely smiled and said, "Although I did not tell them, this technique can indeed be used in such a manner."

Liu Lanzhi looked at him with a dumbfounded expression.

She cannot imagine what the Profound Blossom Sect would be like in the future if all 70 of these Junior Disciples grow up with such a technique, as it would be akin to having 70 miniature Su Yang.

"W-What else did you teach them?" Liu Lanzhi then asked.

"Because of the restrictions due to their young age, I can only teach them so much, so I taught them this technique to use for the future, where the Profound Blossom Sect will surely flourish."

"Su Yang..." Liu Lanzhi looked at him with a profound expression on her face.

"How can you be so confident in this place when it has such an incompetent Sect Master?"

Su Yang smiled slightly and said, "I think you are misunderstanding something. My confidence is not in this place but in myself."

Liu Lanzhi’s eyes widened with shock.

"W-What do you mean by that?" she asked.

"It’s simple. As long as I am here, I am confident that this place will flourish."

"..." Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Liu Lanzhi became speechless, but her current expression says a lot about her feelings to Su Yang’s words.

After a moment of silence, she spoke, "How arrogant and egotistical of you, Su Yang. Are you implying that as long as you are here, the Profound Blossom Sect is bound to be successful?"

"There’s no need for implications, as those were my exact words."

He continued speaking, "You may be laughing at me in your heart right now, but I will show you. The Reginal Tournament is just a few months away, and if you are still laughing after that, I will lower my head and do whatever you want."

"I have no reason to laugh. If you believe such a thing, I will also believe it with you, as you have already proved yourself plenty of times by now. I have high expectations of you, Su Yang."

"I’m flattered." Su Yang chuckled.

Two hours later, Su Yang clapped his hand and spoke, "This is it for today. However, if you wish to stay a bit longer for extra lectures, I will gladly extend today’s lecture for a few more hours for those individuals."

"I will stay!"

"Me too!"

All of the Junior Disciples decided to remain there without needing any time to think about it.

"Very well..."

Su Yang then retrieved a scroll from his storage ring.

When the Junior Disciples saw this scroll, their expressions brightened, and many of them immediately began grinning.

"W-What is going on?"

Liu Lanzhi looked at these disciples’ weird reactions to the scroll.

"Go ahead and get in the lotus position."

A few seconds later, when all of the disciples closed their eyes, Su Yang opened the scroll and began reading it.

"T-This is..."

Liu Lanzhi was greatly shocked when the atmosphere suddenly changed. What on earth did Su Yang do to cause this change?

However, since Liu Lanzhi did not cultivate the first part of the technique — Fingers of Fulfillment — she did not experience what these Junior Disciples are currently experiencing.

A few minutes later, when these disciples began dreaming, Liu Lanzhi was dumbfounded by their gleeful expressions, looking like they were having the time of their life right now.

Liu Lanzhi looked at Su Yang, who was walking back and forth on the stage while reading the scroll. While she wanted to question him, she was afraid to interrupt him and these Junior Disciples, so she resisted her urges and remained silent, quietly watching these disciples from the back.

A few hours later, these Junior Disciples finally opened their eyes. Unlike their first time, this session did not last the entire day.

"As I had expected... it was senior apprentice-brother who appeared in my dreams..." Qi Yue said to herself as she stared at Su Yang with eyes of admiration and a flushed face.

In fact, pretty much all of the female disciples there were looking at Su Yang at this moment with a similar expression to Qi Yue, as they all had Su Yang as their partner in their dream.

"You have three more lectures left. That’s all I have for today," said Su Yang before he dismissed the class.

Once the Junior Disciples left, Liu Lanzhi approached Su Yang and asked, "What happened during these few hours?"

"It’s nothing much. I only showed them a ’dream’."

Liu Lanzhi became puzzled and continued to ask, "Can you explain it with slightly better details?"

Su Yang smiled and said, "Although they are still too young to cultivate, it does not mean I cannot teach them about it, so I showed them some ’images’ in their head regarding that — something akin to a dream."

Liu Lanzhi instantly became speechless.

"You are... unbelievable..." she mumbled after a long moment of silence.