"I-It’s the Million Snakes Sect! What should we do if they see us, Sect Master?!"

The sect elders began panicking when they saw their snake flag, their body trembling from fear.

"Calm down!" Liu Lanzhi spoke loudly, her voice sounding a little nervous.

"They don’t know that we are here! Just slow the carriages down and distance ourselves from them!"

Sometime later, the carriages began slowing down.

A few minutes later, once the Million Snakes Sect could no longer be seen, Liu Lanzhi and the sect elders breathed with relief, especially Liu Lanzhi, who was glad that she didn’t show off their flag and decided to stay lowkey.

"T-That was scary... Who could’ve imagined that we would encounter them so fast..."

"Although we dodged them now, we will have to deal with them during the Regional Tournament if not even sooner than that. Brace yourselves for the moment, as we cannot continue running away like this..." Elder Sun sighed.

Liu Lanzhi nodded and continued, "Elder Sun is right. We will have to deal with them face to face sooner or later. If we show any weakness during that time, we may not live long enough to return to the Profound Blossom Sect, much less restore the Sect to its former position."

"Fortunately, Snowfall City strictly prohibits any killing between any factions, so we can at least show our faces without being paranoid. With that being said, we should still remain alert, as we can never be too sure what could happen," said Liu Lanzhi.

"That’s right. The Million Snakes Sect is a colossal power within the Eastern Continent; it won’t be too surprising if they only get a slap on the wrist after breaking the rules..."

"They can also erase people without making any noises..."

The sect elders were only making themselves more nervous by revealing these very possible situations.

"Relax... after what happened to them, I doubt they will want any more trouble with us this soon, especially after Senior’s warning."

"If the Sect Master says so..."

Meanwhile, the other disciples also noticed the change in their traveling pace.

"It’s the Million Snakes Sect..." Fang Zhelan frowned when she noticed them from the window.

"W-What should we do if they notice us?" One of the disciples asked.

"It should be fine. We did not put up our flags, so they shouldn’t know who we are just from the carriages alone." Sun Jingjing spoke.

"To meet the Million Snakes Sect right before we reach Snowfall City... is this fate or a sign?"

Once the Million Snakes Sect disappeared into the distance, the disciples heaved a sigh of relief.

A few minutes later, the door to their carriage opened, and Su Yang appeared before them.

"Senior apprentice-brother..."

"What’s the matter?" he asked them after noticing their worried expressions.

"Perhaps you did not see them since you were busy cultivating, but we were very close to meeting the Million Snakes Sect just now. It was nerve-racking just to be in their presence."

Su Yang shook his head and said, "No, I noticed them."

In fact, he’d noticed them way before they were even in sight.

"Then how can you still be this calm? They are the ones who nearly destroyed our Profound Blossom Sect!"

One of the disciples said.

Su Yang chuckled. "They were not even close to destroying the Profound Blossom Sect, as they all died at the doorstep, so there’s nothing to worry about," he casually responded.

"Well... that’s technically true... but still..."

"Forget about them; they won’t be able to hurt us. You’ll understand just how small they really are once this Regional Tournament is over."

"If you say so, senior apprentice-brother." 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

-

-

-

An hour later, the number of carriages that could be seen drastically increased, as they were getting really close to Snowfall City.

"Stop the carriages! We will travel the remaining distance by feet!" Liu Lanzhi commanded.

A few moments later, the carriages came to a halt and everybody came outside with a puzzled expression on their faces.

"In order to prevent heavy traffic, the Snowfall City prohibited all carriages in a 10-mile radius from the entrance gates, so we will have to walk there from this point forth." Liu Lanzhi explained the situation to them.

The disciples’ quickly understood the situation. In fact, all of the carriages in the area were also doing the same thing.

"Then, we will see you again at the end of the month at this spot." Liu Lanzhi spoke to the carriage drivers before taking the disciples away from the place.

As the Profound Blossom Sect slowly approached Snowfall City, the disciples would look around in excitement, their gazes mostly at the people that were heading the same direction as them.

"Everybody has this powerful aura to them..."

The Junior Disciples mumbled to each other as they compared themselves with the disciples from other factions.

Meanwhile, the other people were also focused on the Profound Blossom Sect, mostly because of the number of beauties that were in their group, especially Liu Lanzhi, Fang Zhelan, and Sun Jingjing, the top beauties of the Profound Blossom Sect.

It was almost like a gathering of the most beautiful flowers on this Continent, and it attracted countless unwanted attention.

"I have never seen women as beautiful as them in my life, much less so many of them in a single place!"

Someone exclaimed in his admiration from a distant.

"Even the little ones are like flowers! Which Sect is this? How come I have never heard of such a place?!"

Because the Profound Blossom Sect is only well-known within the Eastern Region, these foreign groups did not know of them.

"I don’t know, but I feel like going over there to start a conversation!"

"You fools! Look at your own face before you speak such words! Let alone speak with you, I will gauge my own eyes out if they even look at you!"

"What did you just say?! I dare you to repeat it!"

"I’ll say it as many times as you want to hear it, you pig-face!"

The place became rowdy as the Profound Blossom Sect quickly became a sensation in the area, something that Liu Lanzhi had expected, as there were similar scenes during the Profound Blossom Sect’s last visit.