Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Enough with your sarcasm..." Elder Zhong said with slightly narrowed eyes. If it weren’t his respect for Su Yang’s profound sword intent, he would’ve already slapped some sense into Su Yang for saying such words.

"Who is that old man?"

Nobody there recognized Elder Zhong expect for his background, the Divine Sword Sect, an Elite Sect that stood above even other Elite Sects. In fact, it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call the Divine Sword Sect one of the strongest power in this continent.

However, one individual there recognized Elder Zhong’s face, and that was Great Elder Han, who was standing there with an expression of disbelief, almost like he just met his idol.

"Divine Sword Master, Zhong Chao Huang!" Great Elder Han mumbled his name in shock.

"Did you just say, Zhong Chao Huang?!"

The people there immediately recognized that name and finally realized who they were looking at. In fact, only very few people do not know of the Divine Sword Master, one of the greatest Sword Masters in this world.

"I-It’s the Divine Sword Master! Who could’ve imagined that the Sect Master of the Divine Sword Sect would be here!"

"T-The Sect Master of the Divine Sword Sect?"

The people of the Burning Lotus Sect looked at Elder Zhong with gazes filled with admiration.

"Anyway, if you don’t mind, I would like to enter the city now," said Elder Zhong when the crowd started getting noisy.

The guards immediately turned to look at the Profound Blossom Sect and spoke, "You lots are in the Divine Sword Sect’s way! Scram before I help you!"

"..."

Elder Zhong looked at these guards with a baffled expression. He is clearly acquaintance with Su Yang, yet these guards dare to speak to them with such an attitude? Are they this obnoxious or are they simply stupid?

However, since he did not want this situation to blow any bigger, Elder Zhong suddenly tossed a golden medallion at Su Yang and said, "You can have it..."

Su Yang caught the medallion with one smooth motion. He then looked at the medallion that had the surname ’Xie’ engraved onto it.

"I won’t be humble," said Su Yang.

He then showed the guards the medallion and spoke, "With this, you shouldn’t have any problem with letting us through now, right?"

"Uh..."

The guards were baffled by the unexpected outcome and stood there with a dazed expression.

"I’ll take that as a yes..."

Su Yang walked into the city without waiting for the guards to respond. "What are you all waiting for?" He then turned around and said to the other disciples.

"..."

While they have a dozen of questions for him, the Profound Blossom Sect still followed Su Yang into the city.

Once the Profound Blossom Sect entered Snowfall City, Great Elder Han could no longer contain his curiosity and asked Su Yang, "W-What is your relationship with the Divine Sword Master?"

Su Yang calmly responded, "We really don’t have any connections. I have only met him once before this, and it was only for a brief moment."

Great Elder Han could not see any falsity in Su Yang’s words but he still has to ask, "If that’s the case, then why would he give you the medallion?"

Su Yang shrugged. "I don’t know. Ask him if you are so curious."

"..."

Great Elder Han became speechless. As if he’d have the courage to walk up to someone like the Divine Sword Master, much less speak to him.

"Can I still enter even though I no longer have any identification?" Elder Zhong asked the guard with a nonchalant voice. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"O-O-Of course!"

It did not even take a second for the guards to respond, as there was no way that they could possibly deny the Sect Master of the Divine Sword Sect, who also happens to be an important friend of the Xie Family.

After Elder Zhong entered the city, he said to Su Yang, "Although I’d like to stay here for a little bit longer to speak with you, I have a meeting to attend to."

"I’m sure we’ll meet again in this city very soon," said Su Yang with a mysterious smile.

Elder Zhong narrowed his eyes at Su Yang, but he decided to remain silent, before leaving a little bit later.

Once Elder Zhong left, the Burning Lotus Sect also separated with the Profound Blossom Sect a few minutes later.

"Where will you guys be staying? I have some business with you later." Wang Shuren asked Su Yang before leaving.

"Someplace called Snow Crystal Hotel."

Wang Shuren nodded, even winking at him. "I will see you soon..."

Su Yang merely smiled at her obvious intentions.

After the Burning Lotus Sect left, Liu Lanzhi spoke, "Let’s also hurry to our hotel and check-in."

As the Profound Blossom Sect made their way to their hotel, the Junior Disciples were praising Su Yang without holding back.

"As expected of senior apprentice-brother to be friends with the one and only Divine Sword Master!"

"Did you see the way he treated our senior apprentice-brother? It was almost like he saw senior apprentice-brother as his equal! Even though he’s the Divine Sword Master!"

The Junior Disciples spoke with a merry atmosphere.

"..."

Liu Lanzhi and the sect elders didn’t know how to react to these Junior Disciples’ words.

"This Su Yang... not only does he know Wang Shuren, one of the most famous Alchemy Masters in this continent but he also has connections to the Divine Sword Master, one of the greatest Sword Masters in this continent? Are there any famous people that he doesn’t know?" Liu Lanzhi sighed in her heart.

As for the other disciples, they were also surprised to learn that Su Yang knew such a prominent figure. However, none of the people from the Profound Blossom Sect were truly shocked; it was as though they are already used to being shocked by Su Yang.

Sometime later, they arrived in front of a grand hotel that was the size of a mansion.

"Holy... I have never seen such a big hotel..."

Forget about the Junior Disciples, even the sect elders were dumbfounded by the size of this place.

However, this kind of hotel was common within Snowfall City. In fact, this place could be considered average in size when compared to other larger and more luxurious hotels.