Upon reaching the fourth floor, Liu Lanzhi began handing out keys to the disciples.

"The female Junior Disciples will be using the last four rooms at the end of the hallway whilst the males will use the four rooms before that. The participants will have two rooms, and the sect elders and I will be in the first room. I will allow you all to choose your room, but just remember that there is a capacity of 7 individuals per room."

After handing out all of the keys, Liu Lanzhi continued, "Now with that out of the way, I will be talking about the rules for staying here until we return home."

"First and foremost, you are not to leave this hotel without permission from the sect elders or myself, and when leaving this place, you must be in a group of at least four individuals, including a sect elder. Additionally, you will not be wearing anything that could identify yourself as a disciple from the Profound Blossom Sect. Do any of you have any questions regarding the rules just now?"

Because she did not want to risk anything while they are staying in this city, especially when the Million Snakes Sect is also here, Liu Lanzhi decided to implement these strict rules, as she wanted everybody here to return to the Profound Blossom Sect safely.

The disciples shook their heads.

"Very good. Now onto this city. As you should all be aware, this city is directly controlled by the Xie Family, the overlord of the Eastern Continent. This means that you must be on your best behavior while you are staying in this city and avoid offending the Xie Family. In fact, forget about the Xie Family. There are dozens of other powerful backgrounds currently residing in this place that we cannot afford to offend, especially in our current situation. Any mishap could cost you your life, and even worse, all of our lives. Do you understand?"

The disciples quickly shook their heads with nervous expressions.

"This city is such a scary place... I’m afraid that I will be too nervous to leave my room..."

"Right? What if we accidentally bump into someone like that middle-aged man downstairs just now and offend them? We’ll die on the spot..."

"You don’t have to worry about that, as this city strictly prohibits manslaughter," said Liu Lanzhi.

Although Liu Lanzhi would rather have these Junior Disciples stay inside their room until the tournament, she didn’t want them to miss this rare chance to explore one of the greatest cities in the Eastern Continent.

"What if we get kidnapped? That’s even scarier than death in some instances!"

"With the number of experts in this place, kidnapping children like us will be as easy as taking candy from a baby for them!"

The sect elders and Liu Lanzhi looked at these Junior Disciples that were scaring themselves with weird expressions. They were simply worrying too much.

"Anyway, just stay vigilant and safe until we return to the Sect. We will only be here until the end of the month, and we are almost halfway there.

"As for those who will be participating in the actual tournament, we will head to the registration area tomorrow to register your names as official participants. Until then, just relax," said Liu Lanzhi as she looked at Su Yang and the girls.

After a few more minutes of speaking, Li Lanzhi dismissed the disciples, where they would scramble around for some more time until they all picked their rooms.

As for the participants, because Fang Zhelan, Sun Jingjing, and Su Yang were in a league of their own and considered the seniors amongst the group, the other seven disciples agreed to let these three have one room to themselves while the rest picked the other room.

Once Su Yang entered his room with Sun Jingjing and Fang Zhelan, he began removing his robes.

"Eh?"

Both Fang Zhelan and Sun Jingjing looked at him with surprised eyes. Does he already want to start cultivating with them?

However, Su Yang’s next words only dumbfounded them even more.

"I will be leaving this place for a bit. Until I come back, make it seem as though we are cultivating so others will not find out," he said to them as he changed his green robes for some plain white robes.

"W-Where are you going?" Sun Jingjing asked him. "Should one of us come along?"

Su Yang shook his head. "I am meeting a ’friend’. I won’t be gone for long. It’s nothing to be concerned about."

"Okay. Stay safe."

"I will."

Su Yang smiled at them before jumping out the window and disappearing from their view.

Once Su Yang left the place, he retrieved a mask from his storage ring and wore it on his face, covering his handsome features. In the next second, he retrieved another item from his storage ring — a steel sword.

Su Yang looked at this sword with a cold gaze for a moment before activating Nine Astral Steps, disappearing into thin air.

-

-

-

Shortly after Su Yang left the hotel, someone knocked on his room.

"It’s me. I forgot to tell you guys something..." Liu Lanzhi’s voice resounded behind the door.

"W-What should we do? Su Yang just left and the Sect Master is already knocking on our door!" Sun Jingjing asked Fang Zhelan, who was already pondering.

"Junior apprentice-sister, begin moaning," said Fang Zhelan a few seconds later with a serious expression.

"W-What...?" Sun Jingjing looked at her with a dumbfounded face.

"Pretend you are cultivating with Su Yang! And make it sound as realistic as possible!"

Sun Jingjing nodded and began moaning loudly.

"Ahhhh~"

"Mmm! Keep doing me there, Su Yang!"

"Aaaahhhhh~"

Sun Jingjing’s exhilarating voice easily penetrated their room and echoed into the hallway.

"..."

When Liu Lanzhi heard Sun Jingjing’s moaning, her jaw dropped to the ground, as she was in disbelief.

"T-This Su Yang! Truly a beast with nothing but sex in his mind! We have just settled down and he is already cultivating with the girls!"

"I-I’m sorry, Sect Master, but can you come back later...?" Fang Zhelan’s voice resounded a few seconds after Sun Jingjing began moaning.

"D-Don’t worry about it... it’s nothing too important, anyway..." Liu Lanzhi said before leaving them alone. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

A few minutes later, once they were certain that Liu Lanzhi was gone, Sun Jingjing stopped moaning, feeling a bit awkward afterward.