Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The meeting ended shortly after Lord Xie ordered Senior Zhong to bring Xiao Yang to him. However, before he dismissed the people there, Lord Xie said to them, "Whether or not this Xiao Yang is the culprit is another story. If you encounter him, bring him to me. I have a few things that I’d like to ask him."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

After leaving the meeting room, Senior Zhong did not immediately search for the Profound Blossom Sect, as he was stopped by a certain individual before he could even leave the house.

"What’s the matter, Young Lady?" Senior Zhong looked at kingdom-toppling beauty before him with a bitter smile.

"I want you to tell me more about your encounter with senior brother Xiao!"

"Of course, it’d be about him..." Senior Zhong sighed inwardly.

"Long story short, I met Xiao Yang at the entrance gate, but we separated after entering the city and a few words later. It was nothing of significance."

"You said that he was with the Profound Blossom Sect, even wearing their sect robes. Do they think he’s really affiliated with them?" she asked.

Although Xie Xingfang holds no ill feelings towards the Profound Blossom Sect, their sexual nature also made it hard for her, a pure maiden who is weak to such topics, to feel uncomfortable.

"I will be meeting with the Profound Blossom Sect after this to confirm that," he said.

"Did my father tell you to do that?"

Senior Zhong merely nodded. He even purposefully left out the part where Xiao Yang is currently a suspect for committing murder whilst in their city, as it would surely make her sad.

"Um... if Senior Zhong meets him, can you give this to elder brother Xiao for me?" Xie Xingfang retrieved something from her pockets and handed it to him.

"..."

Elder Zhong looked at the communication jade slip that Xie Xingfang had just given him with a perplexed expression, as he wasn’t sure what Lord Xie would think of this.

"Young Lady, if your father learns of this..."

"Then don’t let him know!" Xie Xingfang quickly said.

Senior Zhong smiled bitterly, and after a moment of pondering, he spoke, "If the Young Lady promises that she won’t sneak out to look for Xiao Yang, this old man will gladly deliver this jade slip to him."

Xie Xingfang frowned inwardly. How did he know that she was thinking of such a thing? It’s not as if she often sneaks out or anything like that. In fact, this is her first time considering such a thing.

"Fine, I promise." She spoke a few seconds later.

Senior Zhong nodded and began walking away. However, he asked her before disappearing, "One of thing, Young Lady. What do you think of this Xiao Yang?"

"I admire him!" she answered with ease.

"Is that so..." Senior Zhong did not say anything else and left the Xie Family’s household to look for the Profound Blossom Sect.

Of course, with his status and the Xie Family’s resource, it didn’t even take a minute before he knew the exact location of the Profound Blossom Sect.

After learning of the Profound Blossom Sect’s location, Senior Zhong arrived at the Snow Crystal Hotel sometime later.

"D-Divine Sword Master!"

The receptionist immediately recognized his exalted appearance and nearly had a heart attack.

"Where is the Profound Blossom Sect?" Senior Zhong wasted no time asking the receptionist.

"T-The fourth floor! They are on the fourth floor!"

Despite their strict privacy rules, the receptionist immediately revealed to Senior Zhong the floor Profound Blossom Sect was staying on.

"I appreciate it." Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Senior Zhong did not linger around and quickly headed to the fourth floor.

Upon reaching the fourth floor, Senior Zhong noticed a beautiful woman sitting in the middle of the hall with her eyes closed, seeming in cultivation. However, why would one cultivate in the open like this when there are rooms in every direction?

When Senior Zhong appeared on the fourth floor, the beautiful woman sitting in the middle of the hall opened her eyes to look at him.

"Divine Sword Master!"

The beautiful woman immediately stood up and bowed her body slightly and spoke, "Greetings, Senior Zhong. This one is called Liu Lanzhi, Sect Master of the Profound Blossom Sect. How may I assist you today?"

"I apologize for my sudden appearance, but I am currently looking for someone."

Liu Lanzhi immediately thought of Su Yang when Senior Zhong said that he was looking for someone, but she still waited for him to finish.

"Xiao Yang, may I speak with him?"

"Xiao Yang... who?" Liu Lanzhi raised an eyebrow in puzzlement.

"Eh?"

Senior Zhong noticed her puzzled face and said, "Xiao Yang... that young man in your group at the city’s entrance... is he not with the Profound Blossom Sect?"

After hearing such words, Liu Lanzhi quickly realized what was happening and asked, "That young man... did he tell you that his name was Xiao Yang?"

Senior Zhong was also beginning to realize the situation.

"Is that not his name?" he responded with a questioning tone.

"Although I do not know his reason for hiding his identity, that mischievous young man is named Su Yang..." Liu Lanzhi revealed the truth to Senior Zhong, who stood there with a dazed expression.

"It’s no wonder why I couldn’t find his name when I investigated the Profound Blossom Sect! It was a fake identity all along!" Senior Zhong cried inwardly.

However, despite being lied to, Senior Zhong did not blame Su Yang, as it was very common for Cultivators to hide their identity, especially when they are traveling alone.

After a moment of awkward silence, Senior Zhong continued as though he was aware of this the entire time, "Su Yang... can I speak with him?"

Liu Lanzhi turned to look at the room Su Yang was staying in and then back to Senior Zhong.

"That... might be difficult right now," she responded with an apologetic smile.

"Why might that be the case?" Senior Zhong asked.

"He’s... well... currently cultivating with some disciples..."

"Cultivating... with others?"

Although it had taken him a moment, once Senior Zhong realized what Liu Lanzhi was trying to say, his eyes widened with shock, and he remained standing there with a dumbfounded expression.