Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Sometime later, once Senior Zhong fully understood the situation, he immediately brought them to Lord Xie.

"You are back already?" Lord Xie did not expect to see them so soon.

"Your Majesty, there... there has been a problem..." Senior Zhong did not know how to explain the situation to Lord Xie without angering him, as he will surely go crazy once he learns of Xie Xingfang’s condition.

"What’s the problem? Speak." Lord Xie frowned, feeling an ominous aura from Senior Zhong.

"Senior Zhong, I will do the talking."

Xie Xingfang stepped forward and spoke, "Father, to tell you the truth, I have been cultivating my Heavenly Constitution ever since I returned, and I managed to transform my Hundred Poisons Body into the Thousand Poisons Body!"

"What?! Is that true, my daughter?!" Lord Xie immediately stood up from his seat, his expression with an ecstatic appearance that is rarely seen.

Xie Xingfang nodded, but on her face was a serious expression, one that did not feel proud of her own accomplishment.

"No wonder why your cultivation lately has improved vastly in such a short time!" Lord Xie was on the verge of dancing from glee. "This is something worth celebrating! I will—"

"Father, I am not finished," Xie Xingfang quickly interrupted with a frown.

"Although I had achieved the Thousand Poisons Body, because of my negligence during cultivation, I have caused harm to my body. If it’s not treated, I will most likely perish within five years!"

When Xie Xingfang finally revealed the real situation at hand, Lord Xie’s entire body and expression froze, almost like he’d turned into a stone statue.

"W-W-What did you...?"

Lord Xie nearly dropped to his knees from shock.

"My body is currently poisoned," she continued.

"How is that possible?! Your body should be immune to all poison!" Lord Xie quickly said.

"That... I am unable to explain..." she shook her head.

"This is... this is too sudden! How long have you known about this?! Why are you only telling me this now?!" Lord Xie became angry.

Xie Xingfang sighed and said, "I learned of this just minutes ago, too. If not for him, I would’ve continued living in absolute ignorance!"

When Lord Xie noticed Xie Xingfang pointing at Su Yang, his anger soared.

"Su Yang! This better not be another one of your stunts!" he roared.

"Father! There’s no reason for him to lie! After all, Su Yang was the one who gave me the Immortal-grade technique to cultivate my Heavenly Constitution!"

"What?! He gave you an Immortal-grade technique?!" Lord Xie was greatly shocked. An Immortal-grade technique is something that even his Xie Family would kill to covet! He finally understands why Xie Xingfang acts the way she does when around Su Yang.

Su Yang remained calm and spoke in a clear voice, "I can sense doubt in all of you."

He then turned to look at Xie Xingfang and said, "That includes you."

"..." Xie Xingfang opened her mouth but could not muster any voice.

"Give me your hand," he suddenly said.

Xie Xingfang did not question him and gave Su Yang her entire hand.

"I am going to cut a small opening in your finger — just enough for a few drops of blood," said Su Yang as he retrieved a sword.

"What do you think you are doing to the Young Lady?!"

"Bastard! If you dare hurt my daughter, I will definitely kill you!"

Not just Senior Zhong but Lord Xie was also alerted by his actions.

"I will be fine!" Xie Xingfang quickly said. "Have some faith in him!"

Xie Xingfang then turned to look at Su Yang directly in the eyes and nodded, "I trust you."

Su Yang did not say anything else and made a small cut on Xie Xingfang’s finger, causing a few drops of blood to drop on the floor.

The moment Xie Xingfang’s blood touched the floor, a sizzling sound could be heard, almost like someone was cooking in the room.

When the blood touched the hard floor, it immediately began melting the floor tiles. It was almost like Xie Xingfang’s blood had become corrosive.

"T-The floor! It’s melting!" Senior Zhong pointed at the ground with his entire arm trembling.

"Good heavens!" Lord Xie almost couldn’t believe his eyes, and Xie Xingfang nearly dropped on her butt from shock.

"T-T-This is caused by my blood...?" Xie Xingfang covered her mouth with her other hand.

"If not for your Thousand Poisons Body, your body would not have been able to withstand this poison even for a minute!"

After a long moment of silence in the room due to shock, Lord Xie spoke in a cracked voice, "Cure... we need to find a cure right now!"

"Senior Zhong! I want all of the best doctors in this continent to come here as soon as possible! We need to find a way to cure my daughter before... fuck!" Lord Xie was beginning to panic. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Father, calm down! Su Yang already has a method to cure my poison!" Xie Xingfang quickly said.

"Is that true?!" Lord Xie no longer bear the aura of a ruler and approached Su Yang with an expression of a worried father. "Tell me! How do we cure my daughter?! I will give you anything if you heal her!"

"I have already written a list of the things we need to cure her poison. Find it first, then we can proceed to the next step," said Su Yang.

Xie Xingfang retrieved a piece of paper and showed it to Lord Xie, who almost choked when he saw the rare herbs on the list.

"Forget about the other herbs that are rarely seen even in the biggest marketplace, what the hell is a Devil Blood Ginseng? I have never even heard of such medicine before!"

"Focus on the other herbs. You can let me worry about the Devil Blood Ginseng." Su Yang suddenly said.

"R-Really?" Lord Xie looked at him with doubtful eyes. He still couldn’t trust Su Yang fully.

"Since I was the one who gave her the technique to cultivate, I also share some responsibility in all of this." Su Yang shrugged, and he continued, "And although she may have up to five years of time, I recommend you to have everything gathered within a year, or else she will have to endure great pain for the next few years until she dies."

"..."

Everybody in the room forcefully swallowed their saliva, especially Xie Xingfang, who nearly fainted after hearing that she will be in great pain later.