Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Three hours after Su Yang left the room with Sun Jingjing and Fang Zhelan, Su Yang finally returned to the room, where Su Yin has been awake the entire time waiting for him.

"Can’t sleep?" he asked her.

"I want to sleep together," she responded with a smile.

Su Yang did not say anything else and nodded, before entering one of the beds.

Su Yin followed him, sleeping right beside him with a satisfied expression.

"By the way, where are the other two ladies? This is also their room, right?" she wondered why he returned alone.

"They are already sleeping in the other room."

"Is that so..."

A few minutes later, Su Yin’s breathing calmed down. Ever since Su Yang went ’missing’, this is her first time sleeping in peace.

Early in the morning, Yao Ning slowly opened her eyes to see Su Yin sleep right beside Su Yang with a blissful smile on her face.

"This girl..." she also smiled after seeing her peaceful face.

Sometime later, Su Yang woke up, followed by Su Yin.

"What are you going to do today, brother?" she asked him.

"Besides cultivation, there’s nothing to do before the auction arrives," he said.

"Then what do you usually do?"

"I cultivate."

"You mean sex?" Yao Ning snickered.

"If that’s how you want to call it." Su Yang smiled.

"You girls can do whatever you want until then. I am going to be busy with my cultivation."

After Su Yang left the room, Yao Ning loudly sighed, "What a heartless brother. His lovely little sister is here yet he dares to do something so shameless with other girls. We should just return to the Sect."

"It can’t be helped," Su Yin shook her head. "This is their lifestyle. If we weren’t here, we would also be cultivating alone until the tournament."

While Su Yin remained calm on the surface, she was jealous of these disciples inwardly, as they were able to embrace Su Yang with ease, unlike her, who would raise many eyebrows if done in public.

"However, this envy will only last until I join the Profound Blossom Sect! Once I am also a disciple of their Sect, I will be able to embrace him all I want!" Su Yin thought to herself, as this kind of thought was the only thing keeping her jealousy under control.

And for the next two days, Su Yang would cultivate with the disciples while Su Yin and Yao Ning cultivated alone in the room until it was time to sleep.

"How can you do this every day around the clock? Aren’t you exhausted? Even if your mind can endure it, how does your body continuously work like that?" Yao Ning couldn’t help but ask him.

Even if a man does not get sick of playing with girls every day, their body would not be able to handle the stress, especially if his Yang Qi is constantly being sucked out of his body.

"Or does the Profound Blossom Sect have techniques that give men unlimited vitality?"

"Hoh? Are you interested in my body? Want me to show you?" Su Yang asked with a seducing smile.

"Hell no!" Yao Ning coldly snorted.

"Brother, I am ready to leave." Su Yin said as she approached the door.

Su Yang nodded. "The others are already waiting downstairs. Let’s go."

Sometime later, Su Yang, Su Yin, and Yao Ning walked downstairs to where a group of young disciples was gathered.

"They are also disciples from the Profound Blossom Sect?" This was Su Yin’s first time seeing them since she followed them. "How come I haven’t seen them before?"

"Because of something the Sect Master said to them, none of them dares to leave the room unless it’s an emergency..." Su Yang shook his head. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"But yes, they are also Profound Blossom Sect disciples."

"They are clearly underaged! Don’t tell me that they also..." Yao Ning covered her mouth from shock and disgust.

"Calm down. Although they are disciples, they are prohibited to cultivate until they become adults at the age of 16. If Su Yin joins the Profound Blossom Sect right now, she will be one of them until she becomes an adult."

"Oh... I apologize for that just now." Yao Ning apologized for her misunderstanding.

"Look! Senior apprentice-brother is here!"

When the Junior Disciples noticed him, they quickly became rowdy.

"Who are those two ladies?"

They asked quickly noticed Su Yin and Yao Ning, who did not belong to their sect.

"I am Su Yin, and this is Yao Ning. We are both disciples from the Heavenly Swan Sect." Su Yin said.

"Su Yin?"

The Junior Disciples looked at Su Yang, who has the same surname.

"He’s my Elder Brother. We are both from the Su Family." Su Yin confirmed their suspicion.

"No way?! Senior apprentice-brother has a little sister?!"

"As expected of senior apprentice-brother’s little sister! She’s so pretty!"

"How envious! I also want an Elder Brother like senior apprentice-brother!"

The atmosphere became even rowdier as the Junior Disciples surrounded Su Yin, who was blushing from the disciple’s flattery.

"Are we all prepared to leave for the Burning Lotus Auction House?"

Liu Lanzhi appeared a little bit later.

"Is this everybody?" she asked Su Yang.

"The other disciples are occupied with cultivation. It’ll take a few days before they fully absorb my Yang Qi. And this is all of the Junior Disciples that want to go to the auction."

Liu Lanzhi nodded. "I left the sect elders behind just in case. We are only going to an auction, and the Burning Lotus Sect will also be there, so we don’t have to worry about being troubled while we are there."

"Before we head out, I want to give a few reminders to you all. First of all, do not wander around and stay with the group when we are outside. We won’t be able to help you if you suddenly disappear. Secondly, don’t cause any trouble when we are outside, especially at the auction house. There will be many people at the auction with backgrounds comparable to the Million Snakes Sect if not even more powerful than them. And lastly, enjoy yourselves today. It’s a rare occasion that you might never get to experience again. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Sect Master!" The Junior Disciples all shouted.

"Very good." Liu Lanzhi nodded with a smile.

A few moments later, the Profound Blossom Sect began making their way to the Burning Lotus Auction House.