Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Wow! What a beautiful building!"

The Junior Disciples expressed their awe before the Burning Lotus Sect’s Auction House that was covered in gold paint and other expensive decorations.

"Okay, let’s stop standing around and go inside before the seats are all gone." Liu Lanzhi clapped her hands to gather their attention.

However, right as they approached the entrance, one of the workers there stopped them from entering.

"Excuse me, but which Sect are you from?" he asked them.

"Profound Blossom Sect," said Liu Lanzhi. "Is there a problem?"

"Profound Blossom Sect?" The male worker looked through the list in his hands and shook his head moment later. "I’m sorry, but I cannot find the Profound Blossom Sect on the list of guests today. This year’s auction is only open to those with an invitation."

"What? We are not invited? How could that be? We even got an invitation letter!"

"The list was looked over at least ten times by multiple people, there are no mistakes with it." The worker shook his head.

"What’s more, the limit each guest can bring is at most 5, while you brought at least 30 people with you, so it’s impossible regardless."

"Sect Master, why are you wasting time speaking with him when you can just show him your invitation letter?" Su Yan^ looked at her weirdly.

"Oh, right." Liu Lanzhi did not immediately think of that and nodded.

She then retrieved the invitation delivered by Wang Shuren herself and showed the worker.

The worker there looked at the golden invitation with a weird expression.

"Do you think I am stupid?" The male worker shook his head and tossed the invitation aside as though it was trash.

"Did you think that I would not be able to differentiate between a real and fake invitation? Not only was that invitation missing the Burning Lotus Sect’s signature, but none of the invitations that were sent out looked like that!"

"Impossible... did somebody play a prank on us?" Liu Lanzhi was dumbfounded. But she clearly remembers the Sect Elder mentioning that Wang Shuren had delivered the invitation herself! Why would she do this to them?

"Hey, what’s going on here? Is there a problem?"

Suddenly, a middle-aged man approached them.

"Senior, these people here are trying to sneak into the auction. They even dared to fake an invitation." The male worker said to the approaching Senior.

"Faking an invitation? I want to see who dares to be so bold!"

The middle-aged man that seemed to be a Sect Elder for the Burning Lotus Sect looked at the Profound Blossom Sect with an unfriendly face.

"Stat your background!" he spoke with a domineering voice.

"We are—“

Just as Liu Lanzhi opened her mouth, Su Yang suddenly stepped forward and interrupted her.

"Get Wang Shuren out here. I know she’s inside." He spoke in a cold voice.

"Who the hell do you think you are?! How dare you address Senior Wang in that tone!"

The middle-aged man immediately turned aggressive.

"What’s going on over there?"

"To offend the Burning Lotus Sect here, which Sect are they from? A bunch of idiots..."

The other people there quickly noticed their situation. Some of them even approached them with the intent to back the Burning Lotus Sect, hoping to gain some favors later.

"I don’t know which hole you crawled from but scram! This is not a place for children!"

"If you are looking for the playground, there’s one ten minutes from here."

"Ignore these beggars, Senior from the Burning Lotus Sect. If they dare cause any more trouble, I will beat them up for you!"

"How dare you mock my Elder Brother! I will beat you up right now!" Su Yin suddenly stepped forward with a fuming face.

"A disciple from the Heavenly Swan Sect!"

The people there immediately recognized the pattern on her robes.

"So you won’t let us inside no matter what?" Su Yang asked with a calm expression.

"That’s right!" The middle-aged man confirmed.

"Hmm... that’s problematic. I promised these children that I would let them experience the auction today, so I will have to fulfill it one way or another..." Su Yang spoke with narrowed eyes.

"Hoh? Are you threatening me — the Burning Lotus Sect?!" The middle-aged man suddenly burst out laughing. "Did you hear that, my friends? This little brat here just threatened me! Hahaha!"

"I have already trampled on the Burning Lotus Sect once; it won’t make a difference if I do it again..." Su Yang shook his head and prepared to take out his sword.

However, another voice suddenly resounded.

"What is going on here?! Why is there such a commotion?! Do you want me to report this to Senior Wang?!"

The voice belonged to a female, quite a young one at that.

A few moments later, a pretty young girl wearing the robes of a Core Disciple for the Burning Lotus Sect appeared before them.

Su Yang’s eyes flickered with a mysterious light when he saw this young lady.

"Disciple Zhang! You came at the right time! These people from the Profound Blossom Sect has been causing a commotion here! They even tried to sneak inside with a fake invitation!" The middle-aged man spoke to this Disciple Zhang with a respectful tone despite being the senior one.

"Profound Blossom Sect?"

This Disciple Zhang raised an eyebrow when she heard the name.

"Get out of my way!" she shouted at them. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

A few moments later, when Disciple Zhang saw Su Yang’s handsome face, her eyes widened with surprise.

"SuYang!"

She suddenly tossed her body at him and tightly embraced him, shocking the people there.

"Zhang Xiu Ying, it’s been a while." Su Yang smiled.

"What are you doing here, Su Yang? If I knew you were coming, I would’ve greeted you myself!" Zhang Xiu Ying wanted to kiss him there and then, but there were too many people around them, making such actions difficult.

"I should be asking you that question. Why are you here? Don’t tell me that you were picked to be an attendant again," he chuckled.

"Although I am here as an attendant, my position right now is only below Senior Wang," she laughed.

"Oh? Now that’s a surprise. Since you have so much authority, you should be able to handle this problem with ease, right?"

Zhang Xiu Ying nodded. "Don’t worry. Since I am here, this will be resolved swiftly."