Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After winning the bid for the Shapeless Cauldron, Su Yang continued to bid on every item that came afterward, shocking the entire auction house with his seemingly infinite wealth. Even Wang Shuren couldn’t help but stare at him with a dazed face. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

More than twenty items and one million Spirit Stones later.

"...Elder Brother... did you perhaps obtain the Spirit Stones from the Divine Doors?" Su Yin suddenly recalled that place and asked him. She couldn’t imagine where he could’ve obtained such wealth besides the Divine Doors, the tomb of an Immortal.

Su Yang merely chuckled, "Maybe."

After auctioning the 25th item, Wang Shuren announced, "We will take a ten-minute break before we resume the auction."

Once Wang Shuren left the stage, everybody in the room began whispering to each other while their eyes were all staring at Su Yang.

"Where the fuck did this rich bastard come from? He’s bought literally all of the items auctioned today!"

"Good lord, his family must have Spirit Stones growing like rice in the backyard or something!"

"Even looting a dozen Sects wouldn’t grant you this much wealth!"

"He’s spent over 1 million Spirit Stones by now, I don’t believe that his wallet is not empty!"

Meanwhile, after he placed all of the items he won into a storage ring, Su Yang turned to look at Liu Lanzhi and said, "Sect Master, here you go."

Without waiting for her to answer, Su Yang casually tossed the storage ring with items worth one million Spirit Stones at her.

Liu Lanzhi caught the storage ring with trembling hands and stared at him with wide eyes.

Even the other people in the room stopped whispering to look at them with baffled expressions on their faces.

"W-What is the meaning of this, Su Yang?" Liu Lanzhi frowned. "Are you trying to buy the entire Sect with this?"

Su Yang chuckled at her imagination and spoke, "Sect Master, have you already forgotten that I’d promised to take care of the Profound Blossom Sect? Those treasures are for the future disciples like the ones sitting over there."

Su Yang pointed to the Junior Disciples with a smile.

"Senior apprentice-brother..." The Junior Disciples were speechless.

"Even if that is your intent, isn’t this a little bit too much?" Liu Lanzhi showed a bitter smile. How will the Profound Blossom Sect ever repay this kind of contribution? Even making him the Sect Master would not be enough.

"Too much? It’s only a million Spirit Stones. If you cannot accept such a small gift, how am I going to give you even more expensive items later on?"

"Y-You plan on giving me even more?" Liu Lanzhi’s jaw loosened from shock.

"It’s not just for you, Sect Master. It’s for the Profound Blossom Sect!"

After a moment of silence, Liu Lanzhi whispered to him. "I understand. However, isn’t it a bit inappropriate to hand me so many expensive items before so many witnesses? What if they cause trouble for us later? You should’ve given it to me after we returned to the hotel!"

Su Yang glanced at the people that were staring at him with malicious gazes, and spoke loudly, "What’s there to be worried about? Even if they dare to try and rob us, they will not have the ability to do so!"

Liu Lanzhi looked at him with a shocked face and turned to look around the room. No doubt, there were many people staring at them with hateful gazes.

"Why did you say that out loud?! It’s almost like you are trying to provoke them!" Liu Lanzhi felt the urge to cry.

Su Yang shook his head and said, "Sect Master, if you continue acting so humble and cowardly, the world will look down on us when we stand at the top."

"W-What do you mean by that? And how dare you call me a coward!" she looked at him with a baffled expression.

"Do you really believe that my only goal is to restore the Profound Blossom Sect to its original state? Unless we surpass our old selves and stand above every other Sect in this continent, I will not be satisfied! Once I, Su Yang, has decided to achieve something, it will never be anything ordinary!" he said with a domineering tone.

"What a joke! If you think you can stand at the top with just a few mediocre treasures, then every faction in this room would be an Elite Sect!"

"You are but a mere frog that is still living in a well. How dare you act so arrogant before so many people with power above you?"

The people in the room immediately began mocking Su Yang for his ambitions.

"Although I admire your boldness, you are still too young and naive to have such lofty ambitions."

The Profound Blossom Sect is on the verge of destruction at this moment. Any single one of us has the ability to trample on your place and ruin your ambitions with ease, yet you dare act so arrogant before us. Are you looking to die?"

After listening to the countless threats being thrown at their Profound Blossom Sect right before their faces, Liu Lanzhi and the Junior Disciples’ faces paled.

"S-Su Yang! Are you trying to restore the Sect or destroy it?! Hurry up and apologize to everyone here!" Liu Lanzhi turned angry.

Su Yang shook his head and sighed, "This is what I mean by being a coward, Sect Master. How can you lower your head after hearing a few dogs bark?"

He then turned to look at the people who threatened the Profound Blossom Sect and continued, "Whether you like it or not, the Profound Blossom Sect will continue to grow, and you will watch from the sidelines! If you believe that you have the capability to stop us, I welcome you to try!"

Su Yang confronted the entire room with the aura of an overlord. This is his real purpose for coming to the auction house, where powerhouses from around the world are gathered. If the Profound Blossom Sect suddenly becomes powerful, which they are destined to become, without anyone being aware, the others will only look down on them and trample on them as though they are weaklings that don’t deserve to be at the top.

Now that he has made their presence known and offended so many people, these powerhouses will look at them even if they are not worth looking at right now and watch them grow! If they interfere with their growth, then Su Yang will simply eradicate them!

Su Yang looked at Liu Lanzhi and spoke with a serious face. "Sect Master, I will turn the Profound Blossom Sect into a place that will make even the Elite Sects look like ordinary households! Do you trust me?"

Liu Lanzhi remained silent for a good moment as she stared at him with a bewildered expression.

"Why does his aura feel so familiar? Where have I..."

Liu Lanzhi’s body trembled slightly when she came to a realization.

"This feeling... it’s just like Senior’s..."

After a moment of silence, Liu Lanzhi sighed. "If not for you, who knows how the Profound Blossom Sect will look right now. If not for you, the Junior Disciples would not be here right now. As for your contribution to the Sect and disciples over the past year, I won’t even mention it, as it will probably take up an entire day."

Liu Lanzhi then retrieved her storage ring. A few seconds later, she retrieved a token made of beautiful jade from the storage ring and showed it to Su Yang like she wanted him to take it.

"I have been thinking about giving you this token ever since most of our disciples left. I know that right now is not an appropriate time, but this is my answer to whether I trust you or not."

Su Yang looked at the token sitting on Liu Lanzhi’s palm with a mysterious feeling in his gaze.

Engraved on the token were a few words, which read, ’Profound Blossom Sect’ and ’Authority’.

The Junior Disciples gasped with their mouths covered when they saw the jade token.

"That’s the Token of Authority! Only the two individuals in our entire Sect are allowed to carry it! And they are the Sect Masters!"

"Senior apprentice-brother is going to be our second Sect Master?"

Indeed, Liu Lanzhi wanted Su Yang to become the Profound Blossom Sect’s second Sect Master by handing him the Token of Authority at this moment. Ever since Li Qiang, their other Sect Master, had died, the Profound Blossom Sect has been operating with only one Sect Master when there are supposed to be two!

However, Su Yang did not immediately accept the token.

"I cannot stay at the Profound Blossom Sect forever, you know? Who knows when I have to leave."

"Knowing your background, I never expected to keep you with us forever, anyway. But until the day you have to leave, can you hold onto this token?" Liu Lanzhi responded.

Su Yang smiled and continued, "I will also continue causing trouble for the Sect."

"It won’t be anything new." Liu Lanzhi chuckled.

"You won’t be able to sleep a full night anymore if I do," he said with a perverted grin.

Liu Lanzhi nodded with a slightly reddened face.

After a moment of silence, Su Yang started moving his arms and picked up the token on Liu Lanzhi’s palm.

"Alright, I will hold onto this for you for now."

"We’ll hold a formal ceremony for you when we return," she smiled.

Liu Lanzhi suddenly turned to look at the Junior Disciples and spoke loudly, "Greet your new Sect Master!"

All of the Junior Disciples immediately bowed and greeted in unison. "We greet our new Sect Master!"

Meanwhile, the people that have been watching them were all dumbfounded by the bizarre situation. This is their first time witnessing someone being promoted to a Sect Master in an auction house — and in such an informal manner, too.