Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When Su Yang returned to the hotel, Liu Lanzhi appeared before him with a panicking face.

\"Su Yang! We have an emergency!\" she cried out loud. \"The Million Snakes Sect... they—-\"

\"I know. They accused us of killing one of their Sect Elders, right?\"

\"Not just any Sect Elder! He’s a Great Sect Elder! That’s something akin to their ancestor! And how can you remain calm in this situation? What if the Xie Family gets involved with this? We’ll be doomed regardless of whether we are guilty or not because the Million Snakes Sect is an Elite Sect! All Elite Sets are automatically protected by the Xie Family!\" Liu Lanzhi said to him.

\"Calm down and think about this for a moment. Do you really think anybody is going to believe their nonsense? Who are we? A low-tier Sect with only a hundred disciples and is on the brink of destruction. What can we possibly do to a Cultivator at the Heavenly Spirit Realm, much less kill one?\"

Liu Lanzhi immediately became speechless. As much as she hates to admit it, the Profound Blossom Sect is currently in a state so weak that they cannot harm anybody, much less a Heavenly Spirit Realm Cultivator from an Elite Sect.

\"Now that you realize the actual situation, just sit back, relax, and watch as the Million Snakes Sect make a mockery out of themselves.\"

\"However, now I can’t help but wonder who was really behind the Great Sect Elder’s death.\"

\"And what are you going to do once you know? Thank him? All I need to know is that this person has helped us greatly by killing an expert from the Million Snakes Sect, even if it was unintentional,\" said Su Yang with a mysterious smile on his face.

\"However...\" Liu Lanzhi frowned and said, \"Even if nobody believes the rumors the Million Snakes Sect is spreading, they are still convinced that we are at fault. Sooner or later, they will come to us for revenge.\"

\"Have you forgotten about our Alliance with the Heavenly Swan Sect and the Burning Lotus Sect already? What about that person protecting our Profound Blossom Sect from the shadows? Even if the Million Snakes Sect wants war with us, what can they do to us?\"

\"I haven’t forgotten, but it’s always better to be cautious. After all, who knows what the Million Snakes Sect still have hidden in their sleeves.\"

\"Of course. Anyway, why don’t we do something to lessen your worries a little bit?\" Su Yang suddenly said.

\"Eh? Like what?\"

Su Yang showed a smile and said, \"Now that I am a Sect Master, I have an obligation to cultivate with the other Sect Master, right? It’ll have a bad look on the Sect if the Sect Master falls behind with the other disciples in Cultivation, after all.\"

Liu Lanzhi was speechless for a moment before showing a smile. \"And here I thought you have forgotten about your duties, Su Yang. Come with me. The other Sect Elders are busy trying to have a breakthrough after consuming the Earth Advancement Pill, so we have plenty of time to play.\"

A few moments later, Liu Lanzhi dragged Su Yang into an empty room before locking the door.

Meanwhile, in the outside world, besides the news of Great Elder Ren’s sudden death, another shocking information was spread around the city like wildfire. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

\"What did you just say? The Heavenly Swan Sect has made an announcement that they have formed an Alliance with the Profound Blossom Sect?\" Lord Xie almost couldn’t believe his ears when he heard the news.

\"Are you sure about this?\" He asked again.

\"This subordinate is positive of this information, as it was spread by the Sect Master herself.\"

\"What’s going on? Why so sudden? Are they trying to protect the Profound Blossom Sect from the Million Snakes Sect? But why would they do that?\" Lord Xie could feel a headache coming soon.

\"Wait a moment... Su Yang has a young sister at the Heavenly Swan Sect, who also has quite a reputation within the Sect. Perhaps she’s the one who made this happen? No, even if she’s the most talented disciple in the sect, she shouldn’t be able to make such a grand decision.\"

No matter how much Lord Xie pondered, he was unable to understand the Heavenly Swan Sect’s decision to form an Alliance with the Profound Blossom Sect of all places.

However, that was not the end of his suffering, as a mere hour later, the Burning Lotus Sect also announced that they will be forming an Alliance with the Profound Blossom Sect.

For two Elite Sects to willingly form an Alliance with the same place, it was already unprecedented, much less to a small place like the Profound Blossom Sect.

And as expected, hearing that both the Heavenly Swan Sect and the Burning Lotus Sect has formed an Alliance with a small and relatively unknown Sect has shocked the entire world — or as far as it spread.

This also prompted many Sects, both big and small, to start investigating the Profound Blossom Sect, as they all wanted to know what was so special about them that attracted two Elite Sects. However, after gathering all of the information and researching every little detail, it only confused the people even further, as the Profound Blossom Sect is truly nothing more than a small sect that practices dual cultivation — nothing less, nothing more. Hell, they don’t even have any noticeable achievements in the Cultivation world. What’s more, they are currently on the brink of destruction after being raided by the Million Snakes Sect. It’s already a miracle that they are still operating after all that.

\"Even the Burning Lotus Sect has formed an Alliance with the Profound Blossom Sect? As far as I’m aware, they have little to no connections with each other!\" Lord Xie frowned.

Because of these three Sect’s alliance, the power balance in this world has become unstable, hence why Lord Xie is trying to figure out a solution. Furthermore, once the Million Snakes Sect is stripped of their status as an Elite Sect, this power balance that has existed for over a thousand years will truly crumble.

Of course, Lord Xie was not the only one scratching his head over the Profound Blossom Sect’s Alliance, as the Million Snakes Sect are also trying to comprehend the situation.