Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

\"What’s this Celestial Pond?\" Su Yang asked Liu Lanzhi, who quickly shook her head.

\"I also don’t know. But seeing how the other Sect Masters have reacted to its name, it should be something extremely valuable,\" she said to him.

Meanwhile, the Sect Masters there were staring at Lord Xie with gazes filled with excitement, as this is the first time the Xie Family is willing to open the profound Celestial Pond for the public. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

However, Lord Xie was not finished speaking, and so he continued, \"Furthermore, if you placed first place, the Sect Master and one disciple of your choosing will be invited to dinner with my Xie Family.\"

When the Sect Masters heard this, their eyes widened with shock.

Lord Xie smiled upon seeing the Sect Master’s expressions and continued to speak, \"Of course, this was proposed by my daughter, Xie Xingfang.\"

Almost all of the Sect Masters tightly grasped their hands into fists from sheer excitement. If they take the first place, they will be able to bring their most talented male disciple to share a dinner table with Xie Xingfang, essentially hooking them up.

Lord Xie snorted when he saw the excitement on these Sect Master’s expressions, and he laughed inwardly, ’This dinner was only brought up because my daughter is confident that Su Yang will take first place. As if a mere disciple could possibly defeat someone who could kill a Heavenly Spirit Realm Cultivator.’

\"Now that I have said everything I needed to, you may start picking your numbers from the box.\" Lord Xie said to them a moment.

The Sect Masters nodded and began lining up at the box before each of them retrieved a piece of paper from it.

Sometime later, when everybody there had picked their number, Lord Xie spoke, \"Who picked the blank paper?\"

A few moments later, someone raised his hands.

\"You drew the blank paper?\" Lord Xie looked at Su Yang with wide eyes.

Su Yang showed him the blank piece of paper in his hands with a smile on his face. \"Does this mean we get to sit out in the first round?\" he asked a moment later.

After a moment of silence, Lord Xie nodded. \"You don’t have to participate in the first round and will directly enter the second round.\"

Su Yang nodded, and since there was nothing else to do, he returned to the hotel with Liu Lanzhi soon afterward.

\"Che. How lucky of them. I’m sure there are many people here who hoped they matched with the Profound Blossom Sect.\"

\"Even if they managed to enter the second round, that’ll be as far as they go.\"

\"Indeed. Having luck will not get you far if anywhere in this tournament.\"

The Sect Masters there sneered at the Profound Blossom Sect’s luck, believing that they’d just dodged a deadly strike and managed to live another day.

Meanwhile, Liu Lanzhi relayed the news to the Disciples and Sect Elders.

\"What? We don’t have to participate in the first rounds and get to automatically enter the second round?\"

The disciples were dumbfounded by the news, as they have been anticipating the tournament for the entire night only to be told that they’ll have to wait another day before they can truly participate.

\"With that being said, I advise you all to watch the others fight later today. This way, you will have a better understanding of their power before fighting them,\" said Liu Lanzhi.

The disciples quickly nodded. They were already going to watch the tournament even if Liu Lanzhi didn’t mention it.

A few hours later, everybody from the Profound Blossom Sect made their way to the Snowfall Colosseum, where hundreds of thousands of people were already gathered.

\"I have never seen this many people in one place in my life before...\"

The junior disciples were in awe at the scene.

If one looked from a distance, the Snowfall Colosseum would seem like a black ocean, especially outside the colosseum, where thousands of people are still trying to enter.

But luckily for the Profound Blossom Sect, as participants, they were allowed to enter through the backdoor of the colosseum without needing to wait like the masses.

A few minutes later, the Profound Blossom Sect arrived in the area that is only meant for the participants and took a seat there.

\"Brother! Over here!\"

Su Yin immediately waved at him after seeing his group. The Heavenly Swan Sect had purposefully reserved some seats for them.

\"That’s the Profound Blossom Sect? More than half of them are little kids!\"

The Heavenly Swan Sect Disciples were dumbfounded to see so many children in a place meant for adults such as the Profound Blossom Sect.

\"Apparently these children make up half of their entire Sect after their incident with the Million Snakes Sect,\" said another disciple.

\"No way... How are they still considered a Sect with that little amount of disciples?\"

While the Heavenly Swan Sect disciples mumbled to each other about the Junior Disciples, the Profound Blossom Sect took their seat.

\"Where’s the Burning Lotus Sect?\" Liu Lanzhi asked after realizing their absence.

\"They are over there.\" Su Yin pointed to the stage, where two groups of people were gathered on two different sides.

\"They are in the first match? Who are their opponents?\" Liu Lanzhi raised an eyebrow.

Because they left the place immediately after picking their number, neither Su Yang or Liu Lanzhi knew about the schedule.

\"The Golden Altar Sect.\" Bai Lihua suddenly responded.

\"Greetings, Senior Bai.\" Liu Lanzhi respectfully bowed to Bai Lihua, who was the Sect Master of the Heavenly Swan Sect.

Bai Lihua nodded, and she continued, \"By the way, we are matched with the Golden Eagle Sect, a mid-grade place.\"

She then looked at Su Yang and said, \"One more thing. Although we have formed an Alliance, if we have to fight each other during this tournament, my Heavenly Swan Sect will not go easy on you, so don’t take it to the heart if you lose.\"

\"I can say the same words to you,\" Su Yang replied with a smile on his face.