Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Snowfall Colosseum, where the Regional Tournament will take place for the third day! After three long days, only a little over 50 Sects remain in the tournament!" Zi Dong appeared on the stage and spoke loudly.

"With that being said, without further ado, allow me to introduce our first match for the day, the Lightning Strike Palace and their opponent, Unrestrained Fiery Sect!"

Two sects consisting of 20 participants on each side entered the stage a few moments later with each and every single one of these participants emitting a profound aura of the True Spirit Realm.

"There will only be highly regarded sects and renowned names entering the stage from this point forth, huh..." Bai Lihua calmly mumbled.

She then turned to look at the Profound Blossom Sect and sighed inwardly, ’Except for one sect...’

No matter how much she tried to ponder, she couldn’t understand how the Profound Blossom Sect was able to achieve what they currently have, especially considering their standing as a low-grade Sect.

’Unless an otherworldly being with profound knowledge or experience is helping the Profound Blossom Sect, it’s almost impossible for a sect of their size to reach this point even with divine fortune.’

A faceless figure with a divine feeling surrounding him appeared in Bai Lihua’s mind as she thought of the possibility that a powerful expert may be helping the Profound Blossom Sect from the shadows, unbeknown to the world.

Bai Lihua suddenly looked at the Burning Lotus Sect.

’Could this expert and the mysterious Alchemist that has recently shocked the world with the Earth Advancement Pills be the same person? The Burning Lotus Sect was only an above-average sect before they befriended this mysterious Alchemist, too.’

’But why would this expert choose to help them? Is there something special about the Profound Blossom Sect and the Burning Lotus Sect that I cannot see?’

Time passed swiftly as Bai Lihua silently pondered to herself about this ’mysterious expert’, and in what felt like a blink of her eyes, it was already time for the 9th match of the day.

"Good luck, Elder Brother! Good luck, Senior Sisters!" Su Yin’s cheering suddenly snapped Bai Lihua out of her deep thoughts.

"It’s already their turn on the stage?" Bai Lihua stopped her thoughts and focused her attention on the stage, where the Burning Lotus Sect and the Profound Blossom Sect were standing only a few meters away from each other.

"Do the Sect Leaders have any words for each other before the fight officially begins?" Zi Dong asked them.

Liu Lanzhi shook her head and turned to look at Su Yang, who was returning Huo Yuanjia’s stares with a calm expression on his face.

"Let me see how much you guys have grown since ’that day’." Su Yang suddenly said to them with a smile on his face.

When the Burning Lotus Sect disciples heard his words, unwanted memories they tried to forget appeared in their heads, causing their bodies to uncontrollably tremble.

Huo Yuanjia frowned and spoke with a grim expression on his face, "There is only one thing I want to say — hurry up and get this match started!"

Zi Dong nodded and said, "Once both sects return to the edge of the stage and send out their first participant, I will start the match."

Hearing his words, the Burning Lotus Sect immediately retreated to the edge, and the Profound Blossom Sect went to the opposite side of the stage, leaving the middle of the arena empty.

"The Profound Blossom Sect has been extremely lucky to have lasted this long. However, unfortunately for them, it seems like their luck has just run out. Today will be their last day on the stage."

"The Profound Blossom Sect is only a low-grade sect, right? Even if it’s by sheer luck, this is an unprecedented event, as there has never been a low-grade sect that has managed to last longer than 2 days in the Regional Tournament."

While the spectators chatted with each other, the Burning Lotus Sect sent out their first disciple onto the stage.

"First level Earth Spirit Realm, huh? Even though they have been sending out disciples at the True Spirit Realm first in their previous matches..." Liu Lanzhi sighed.

"It appears that the Burning Lotus Sect is seriously trying to beat us. Who wants to go first?" she turned to look at the disciples.

"Me!"

"Oh! I want to fight first!"

"Wait! Let me do it!"

Unexpectedly, all of the disciples raised their hands.

"..."

Surprised by their enthusiasm, Liu Lanzhi became speechless.

After a moment of silence, she spoke, "I am thinking of a number from one to one hundred. Whoever guesses the number correctly or comes the closest will get to fight first. You only have one try."

"One!"

"Nine!"

"Twenty!"

"Thirty-two!"

"Eighty!"

"Fifty-five!"

The disciples immediately began guessing their number.

A few seconds later, Liu Lanzhi nodded and pointed to one of the disciples and said, "Congratulations, Lin Na, your number was the closest."

The slim and petite beauty Liu Lanzhi pointed to expressed a bright expression and nodded. "I won’t let the sect down!"

She said to them before running onto the stage with excitement.

"The Profound Blossom Sect has sent out Disciple Lin Na, who is at the Fifth Level of the Earth Spirit Realm!" Zi Dong quickly introduced her.

"Aiya! To send out the disciple with one of the lowest cultivation bases amongst their group against someone at the Earth Spirit Realm. This entire match will be brutal and one-sided without a doubt."

The spectators shook their heads at the clear disparity in cultivation between the two sides, even feeling bad for the little girl who was only 17 years old.

"Let the match begin!" Zi Dong announced a few moments later. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Hey, little girl."

The Burning Lotus Sect disciple suddenly called out to her. "I have no grievances with you nor am I looking down on you, but I’d appreciate it if you quickly surrender and send out that bastard Su Yang so that I can give him a slow beating!"

"..."

Lin Na looked at the Burning Lotus Sect disciple with an unamused expression. "I don’t care about your grievances, but if you want to fight my senior brother, you’ll have to kick me off the stage first."

"Although I take no joy in bullying the weak, you have forced my hands!" The Burning Lotus Sect disciple coldly snorted at her words, before rushing towards Lin Na with a fierce expression.