Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Profound Blossom Sect, are you ready to send out your next fighter, yet?" Zi Dong asked them after waiting for some time.

A few moments later, the Profound Blossom Sect sends out another disciple.

However, unlike the previous rounds, the Profound Blossom Sect disciple did not have an easy time fighting the Burning Lotus Sect disciple, and after many minutes of fighting back and forth, the Burning Lotus Sect secures their first victory against the Profound Blossom Sect.

"I’m sorry, Sect Masters and fellow apprentice-sisters. I have disappointed you all."

The Profound Blossom Sect disciple returned to them with a dejected feeling around her.

"Don’t worry about it, Junior Sister. It’s just one defeat. We are still ahead of them."

Liu Lanzhi nodded and spoke, "Your fellow sisters are right. You’ve tried your best, so there’s no need to apologize. Furthermore, the Burning Lotus Sect is a tough opponent. I don’t expect any easy victories against them."

A few minutes later, the Profound Blossom Sect sends out another disciple.

After clashing for a few minutes, the Burning Lotus Sect redeems another narrow victory.

"Good job, Senior apprentice-brother!"

The Burning Lotus Sect disciples cheered from the sides.

"..."

However, Huo Yuanjia was not celebrating. In fact, he stood there with a frown on his face.

"What’s on your mind, Master?" A beautiful young lady suddenly asked him.

Huo Yuanjia turned to look at his personal disciple, Lin Shao Shang.

"Even though we are winning, we are only barely winning. I cannot help but feel like the Profound Blossom Sect still has another surprise hidden under their sleeves."

"No matter what they have planned, I will not allow our Burning Lotus Sect to lose to them — to him — again!" Lin Shao Shang said with a fierce expression on her face.

Although she did not personally exchange fists with Su Yang previously, she has witnessed the chaos he’d caused to their sect, especially the damage he’d caused to their disciples.

"After his little show that burdened many minds, our disciples were unable to cultivate with a peaceful mind for an entire month! Some of my friends are still having nightmares to this day about him! I will definitely not let him do as he pleases, even if it’s the last thing I’ll do!"

Huo Yuanjia smiled bitterly and said, "You are overexaggerating."

"By the way, have you seen Wang Shuren? I left Great Elder Han behind to guard our belongings, but I can’t seem to recall her whereabouts." He suddenly asked her.

"If I recall correctly, Elder Wang wanted to watch the match from the spectators’ seat."

"She probably didn’t want to be a part of this tournament, especially since we are fighting the Profound Blossom Sect." Huo Yuanjia sighed.

"Master, why does Elder Wang hold the Profound Blossom Sect to such high regards, even forcing the rest of the Sect to form an Alliance with them?" Lin Shao Shang asked him.

"It gets harder and harder to understand what’s on her mind as the days pass. However, I’m sure that she has her reasons for trusting the Profound Blossom Sect, and I’m willing to trust that trust. If not for her, the Burning Lotus Sect would not be in our current position."

"I see..." Lin Shao Shang turned silent afterward.

The fight between the Burning Lotus Sect and the Profound Blossom Sect continues.

Many minutes later, after going back and forth with the victories and defeats, the Profound Blossom Sect and the Burning Lotus Sect are currently tied with 9 victories and 9 defeats each.

"Su Yang! Get your ass out here and accept my challenge!" Lin Shao Shang shouted with a fierce voice as she stood on the stage with a heroic aura around her.

The Profound Blossom Sect disciples turned to look at Su Yang, who was casually standing there with a nonchalant expression on his face. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

They were all wondering what he did to have offended the number one genius of the Burning Lotus Sect, Lin Shao Shang.

"This is the first time I’ve seen Fairy Lin acting so angry. This Su Yang must’ve done something that had greatly offended her."

Even the spectators that were familiar with Lin Shao Shang’s personality were dumbfounded by the current expression on her face.

"Why aren’t you coming onto the stage? Are you scared?! What happened to the courage and arrogance that you’d shown to us on that day?!" Lin Shao Shang continued to shout loudly.

"This is quite amusing." Lord Xie showed a smile at this situation.

"What’s so amusing about this?" Xie Xingfang frowned.

"Everything."

Because he’d investigated Su Yang’s background, it was only natural that Lord Xie knew of the drama between the Burning Lotus Sect and Su Yang. Even if the Burning Lotus Sect had tried their best to keep the event a secret, it is almost impossible to avoid the Xie Family’s vast information-gathering network that spreads across the entire Continent.

Sometime later, when Lin Shao Shang got tired of waiting for Su Yang to respond, she cursed at him loudly, "Hurry up and get on the stage, you limp-dick bastard!"

"..."

When the spectators heard this, most of them burst out laughing.

"To be called a limp-dick bastard by Fairy Lin... I would immediately leave this place and never show my face to the world again if I were him!"

"Fairy Lin is right! What are you afraid of?! Hurry up and accept her challenge like a real man!"

"Su Yang..."

Liu Lanzhi looked at him with a weird expression on her face. She couldn’t understand why he’s remained silent this entire time.

"Limp-dick! Limp-dick! Limp-dick!"

The spectators even began to chant the word loudly.

"Silence!"

Suddenly, a powerful voice resounded in the arena, causing the place to tremble.

When the spectators heard this voice and felt the profound strength behind it, their mouths instantly became shut.

However, this voice did not belong to Su Yang. Instead, it belonged to a female.

"You..." Lord Xie turned to look at Xie Xingfang with disbelief, seemingly speechless.

A few moments of silence later, Su Yang suddenly took a step forward.

"You sounded quite confident when you called me a limp-dick, almost as though you are certain of it. I don’t mind accepting your challenge, but I won’t be playing to your tunes without anything in return."

Su Yang stopped walking right before the fighting ring and stared at Lin Shao Shang with a serious expression on his face.

"What do you want?" Lin Shao Shang asked him.

"It’s simple. If you win, I will give you everything in this storage pouch." Su Yang retrieved a small pouch and immediately poured all of its contents onto the floor.

When Lin Shao Shang saw the hundreds of pills rolling on the floor, her eyebrows raised with a puzzled feeling.

However, when she realized what kind of pills they were, her eyes widened with shock.

"T-Those are...?!" Huo Yuanjia couldn’t believe his eyes and almost had his heart jump out of his throat when he saw the pills.

"How on earth did you get your hands on so many Earth Advancement Pills?!" He cried out loud.

"You are going to give me all of those pills if I win?" Lin Shao Shang had to forcefully swallow the saliva that was overflowing in her mouth before speaking.

"That’s right." Su Yang smiled, and he continued, "However, if I win this fight, you will experience for yourself whether I am a limp-dick bastard or not..."