Three hours have passed since the tournament began on the fifth day.

"For our next match, we have the Profound Blossom Sect and the Nine Beasts Hall!"

The two Sect appeared on the stage and bowed to each other before being sent back by Zi Dong.

"I won’t be participating today, so don’t let me down." Fang Zhelan said to the other disciples.

"Don’t worry, Sister Fang. We can handle this by ourselves just fine." Sun Jingjing showed a confident smile.

A few minutes later, it was decided that Sun Jingjing would fight for the Profound Blossom Sect first.

"Profound Blossom Art: Falling Petals!"

"Ah!"

"Profound Blossom Art: Blooming Blossoms!"

"Ahhh!"

"Profound Blossom Art: Petal Fury!" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Ahhhhh!"

"The Profound Blossom Sect wins their fourth consecutive round!" Zi Dong announced after Sun Jingjing defeated her fourth opponent in a row.

"Go get them, Senior apprentice-sister Sun!"

"Beat them up! Beat all of them!"

"Show the world the prowess of our Sect!"

The Junior Disciples cheered for her with a frenzied expression.

"This girl... It’s only been a few days since she last fought but it feels like she has gotten even stronger. Just what kind of training does she undergo at the Profound Blossom Sect?"

A middle-aged woman, presumably Sun Jingjing’s mother, watched her fight with a dumbfounded expression.

"Besides ’that’, what kind of training do you think they do? I only pray that he’s a worthy man for her," said the middle-aged man beside her.

The middle-aged woman looked at the disciples from the Profound Blossom Sect and said, "I have been watching them this entire time, and that handsome young man seems to be the only male disciple they have. While his appearance definitely qualifies to be my little girl’s partner, I’m not sure about his character."

"I have done some investigation on the Profound Blossom Sect, and it seems that he’s currently the only male disciple that’s in their Sect after that incident. Besides him, who else would she be cultivating with?" said the middle-aged man.

"If that’s the case, I must have a conversation with him later to see for myself whether he’s worthy of our girl or not."

"Eh? You plan on accepting him into our family? But what about that matter..."

"Who cares about the Ye Family! I won’t allow that ugly and lustful bastard to touch my daughter even if it’s the last thing I do!"

As Sun Jingjing’s parents spoke of her future, Sun Jingjing herself secured another victory for the Profound Blossom Sect.

After defeating half of the participants from Nine Beasts Hall by herself, Sun Jingjing stepped off the stage and said, "I will leave the other half to you girls."

Sometime later, Zi Dong announced the results of the match, "Congratulations to the Profound Blossom Sect for winning this match 10 to 7, entering the top 10 for this year’s Regional Tournament!"

"Senior apprentice-sister Sun is simply too amazing. She managed to defeat 5 of them, whilst the rest of us could barely defeat even a single of them..."

The disciples sighed after a close victory.

"Good job, girls. There are only three more matches to win before we take this year’s championship." Su Yang said to them with a smile.

The disciples looked at him with a smile.

"Senior apprentice-brother is really trying to win this tournament, we cannot disappoint him."

After their match, the Profound Blossom Sect decided to return to the hotel.

However, they were stopped by a couple wearing luxurious robes right as they left the colosseum.

When Sun Jingjing saw these two individuals, her eyes widened with shock.

"Father! Mother! What are you doing here?!" Sun Jingjing quickly approached them.

"Elder Sun’s family?" Liu Lanzhi raised an eyebrow.

"They are Senior apprentice-sister Sun’s parents? They look very wealthy..." The other disciples’ interests were immediately piqued.

"Why wouldn’t we be here for such a big event? We wanted to witness for ourselves the growth of our disobedient daughter," said her mother.

"By the way, where’s your grandfather? I haven’t seen him this entire time. Is he even in this city?" The middle-aged man asked.

"Elder Sun is currently cultivating in seclusion at the hotel. It’ll be at least a few more days until he comes out." Liu Lanzhi stepped forward and said.

"You must be the Sect Master. Thank you for taking care of our daughter. It seems like she’s become a formidable individual because of you." The father bowed to her.

"I-I didn’t do anything to be worthy of your praises. If anything, you must thank Sect Master Su. He was the one who trained your daughter." Liu Lanzhi pointed to Su Yang with her eyes.

"S-Sect Master Su? He’s also a Sect Master?" The couple were dumbfounded by this information, as they would’ve never expected such a young man to be a Sect Master.

"Your name is Su Yang, right? I know that you have been sleeping with my daughter, and I am here to see whether you are worthy of her or not!" Sun Jingjing’s mother stepped forward and said to him with a serious face.

"M-Mother?! How can you say something so embarrassing in public?!" Sun Jingjing’s face bloomed with redness after hearing her words, and when she looked around, the surrounding people were looking at them with faces of disbelief.

"Embarrassing? What’s more embarrassing, a few words or the daughter of the Sun Family being a disciple in a place like the Profound Blossom Sect?! Even though I have warned you many times, you still followed your grandfather’s footsteps! Do you have any idea how much shame you have brought to our family’s name?!" Sun Jingjing’s mother scolded her.

"..." Sun Jingjing was speechless for a moment before speaking back, "What do you mean by that?! Look at me now! I am a Cultivator at the Earth Spirit Realm because of that decision! Even Grandfather, who was the number one genius in our family, was stuck in the True Spirit Realm for many decades before taking the Earth Advancement Pill! How many people in this world are in the Earth Spirit Realm at my age, huh?!"

The mother and daughter pair suddenly became engaged in a word battle.

"Why don’t the two of you calm down? We are still in public." The father finally decided to step in and stop them.

"If it’s not inconvenient, why don’t you return to the hotel with us? I’m sure there’s a lot to discuss." Liu Lanzhi suggested, to which the couple accepted.