Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"So this is a family seal... there’s something mesmerizing about it." Sun Jingjing gently rubbed the word ’Su’ on her belly, feeling an indescribable emotion at this moment.

"Um... what should I do now, Su Yang?" Sun Jingjing turned to ask him.

"Just continue doing whatever you have been doing. Having a family seal doesn’t necessarily mean you must live differently," he said.

"Is that so... by the way, would you be willing to accept the other disciples into the family as well if they asked?" she suddenly asked him.

Su Yang smiled and said, "In my entire life, I have cultivated with hundreds of thousands of beauties. However, less than a hundred of them are actually a part of my family."

"Wait... what? Hundreds of thousands?" Sun Jingjing looked at him with wide eyes, seemingly confused about his exaggerated number.

Su Yang nodded and continued, "Since you are now a part of my family, there’s no reason to not tell you the truth, as you’ll learn about it sooner or later anyway."

Sun Jingjing made a swallowing motion and nervously waited for him to continue.

"Before I start, I have to ask you this question — do you believe in reincarnation?"

Sun Jingjing pondered for a moment and said, "While many people believe in the existence of reincarnation, nobody has really been able to prove that it truly exists, so not really..."

Sun Jingjing suddenly came to a realization and looked at Su Yang with wide eyes.

"D-Don’t tell me that you..."

Su Yang nodded and said, "This is not my first life, as I have memories of my previous life."

"No way..." Sun Jingjing turned dazed from disbelief.

"Before existing in this world, I was born in a place called Celestial Heaven, one of the Four Divine Heavens. However, after an event that even I cannot explain had occurred, I awoke in this world in my current body."

"T-Then you are not Su Yang?" she asked him, her face clearly still trying to comprehend the situation.

"No, I am indeed Su Yang. Coincidentally, I was born in this world with the same name and also appearance. It’s not an exaggeration to say that I am currently a younger version of my previous life."

After a moment of silence, Su Yang asked her, "Are you feeling regret to have joined my family now?"

Hearing his question, Sun Jingjing quickly shook her head. "Of course not! In fact, I am even more excited than before to know that I belong to someone with such an extraordinary background!"

"This also explains why you are so experienced with dual cultivation and all the other things!" Sun Jingjing nodded as if she finally found the missing piece of the puzzle.

Sometime later, Sun Jingjing said to him, "Su Yang, can you tell me some stories from your previous life? I would also like to know more about that world called Celestial Heaven."

Su Yang nodded and said, "The Celestial Heaven is one of four major Heavens called the Four Divine Heavens that exists somewhere in this universe, and it’s a place where Cultivators with cultivation bases that you cannot comprehend roam."

"Earth Spirit Realm? Heavenly Spirit Realm? That is no different than trash in the Four Divine Heavens, where undying Immortals fill the streets and powerful gods wander the starry sky!"

Sun Jingjing’s eyes shone with excitement, and she asked, "Then what about you? Were you an Immortal in your previous life, too?"

Su Yang nodded with a smile, "I was an Ancient Immortal in my past life, only one step before ascending godhood, but alas..."

"Ancient Immortal? How powerful is that compared to the Heavenly Spirit Realm?"

"Let’s just say I could crush a million Cultivators at the Heavenly Spirit Realm without even lifting my fingers."

"That powerful?!" Sun Jingjing couldn’t tell if he was exaggerating or if he was actually telling the truth, as she lacked the knowledge and comprehension to do so. In her mind, the Heavenly Spirit Realm is already the peak of the cultivation path and anything beyond that is unknown to her.

"Su Yang, have you ever thought of going back to that world?" Sun Jingjing suddenly asked him.

A solemn expression appeared on Su Yang’s face, and he slowly nodded, "Every day I think about returning, but alas, I have yet to find a way to return. But don’t worry, I will definitely find a way to return to my world, and when I do..."

"Umm... when you do find a way to go there, would you be willing to take me with you?" Sun Jingjing asked him with a worried face.

Su Yang looked at her and chuckled, "Why are you asking me that now? Even if you hadn’t asked, I would’ve asked you to come with me. But are you sure? What about your family in this world?"

"I am no longer a little girl that they have to constantly look after. They will do fine even without me. However, I’d like to ensure that my family will be living a great life even after I am gone."

Su Yang then said, "Don’t worry, I will guarantee you that they will live a carefree life in the near future."

"Really?"

He nodded and continued, "I will help them first by dealing with this Mu Family that’s been a needle in your family’s skin."

"What do you intend on doing to them?" Sun Jingjing looked at him with wide eyes.

"I won’t do anything to them personally if they don’t do anything too arrogant. However, I can take away their influence in the business industry simply by making your Sun Family much more influential than them."

"Taking away their influence by making my family more influential? How do you plan on doing that?"

"It’s simple, really. The Sun Family and the Mu Family mostly deal with medicine, right? I have plenty of pill recipes that will shake the foundation of Alchemy in this world if revealed, and if I give a few of them to the Sun Family, they will definitely monopolize the entire market without any competitors."

Hearing this, Sun Jingjing looked at him weirdly and asked, "Su Yang... don’t tell me you had something to do with the Earth Advancement Pills?"

Su Yang smiled and said, "Well, I was the one who introduced them to Wang Shuren." DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"You were the mysterious Alchemy Master all along?!"

"Did you think that I would only know how to pleasure ladies? There are many things that I know that you are yet aware of. But don’t worry, you’ll learn most about me sooner or later."

Sun Jingjing showed a warm smile after hearing his words. This is the first time that Su Yang has ever appeared to be truly ’open’ to her, and she could feel his trust for her. In the past, Su Yang in her eyes was always shrouded in this mysterious aura, almost like he refuses to open his heart to others.

"Su Yang, can you embrace me?" she suddenly asked him with a slightly flushed face.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Do you want the current Su Yang to embrace you, or would you like to experience the ’other’ Su Yang?"

A moment of silence later, Sun Jingjing said, "If it’s possible, I would like to see what you were like before."

"Say no more..." Su Yang then retrieved an Appearance Reforming Pill and swallowed it.

A moment later, Su Yang’s face became much more mature, his facial features much more refined, and his overall appearance grew taller and larger, just like an adult.

"..."

When Sun Jingjing saw Su Yang’s new appearance, her jaw dropped from shock. She didn’t think that he could possibly become even more handsome than he already is, but after seeing this Su Yang, her entire body reacted with intense excitement and desire.

Just a glance of Su Yang made her little sister drooling wet from lust.

"Don’t pass out just yet, there’s still more to come..." Su Yang said as he slowly removed his robes again, showing Sun Jingjing the enormous rod between his legs.

"Oh Heavens..." Sun Jingjing nearly ejaculated Yin Qi just from seeing his divine rod.

She simply could not wait to experience what it would feel like to have that kind of monster insider her body and said, "Please... just stick it inside me! I want it now!"

Su Yang nodded and slowly approached her.