Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The match between the Profound Blossom Sect and the Divine Sword Sect continued, and after every match, another disciple that can use sword intent from the Profound Blossom Sect's side would appear to shock the audience even more than they already were.

"Good heavens! Is every single disciple from the Profound Blossom Sect a swordmaster?"

"How are they cultivating such monsters?!"

"The Profound Blossom Sect alone has doubled the number of swordmasters in this world! This is unprecedented!"

"Why haven't they stopped this match already? It's clear as day to everyone that the Divine Sword Sect will be losing this one. Unless their last fighter is on the same level as Hong Yu'er, it's an impossible comeback for them."

"It's not about the results but the spirit. At least the Divine Sword Sect did not immediately forfeit."

"Ye Caiyu, you are the only one left." Elder Zhong looked at the tall beauty that stood before him.

Ye Caiyu is one of the most talented individuals in the entire Divine Sword Sect, reaching the 3rd level Earth Spirit Realm by only 25 years old. She is also known as the Divine Sword Maiden by many mortals and cultivators alike.

"Although I won't be able to win the tournament for us, I definitely won't let this match end without a single win!" Ye Caiyu said to her fellow disciples with an unfazed expression before approaching the stage.

Once she was on the stage, Ye Caiyu shouted loudly, "Come out, Fang Zhelan! I challenge you to a fight!"

"Did you hear that?! Divine Sword Maiden Ye is actually calling out someone! She must be really irritated right now because of their situation!"

The audience nervously waited for Fang Zhelan to enter the stage.

"I will be going now," Fang Zhelan said to them.

However, right as she began walking, someone suddenly grabbed onto her shoulder, halting her.

"Su Yang?" Fang Zhelan looked at him with a questioning face. Why'd he stop her?

"I got this," he said with a smile on his face.

"Eh? You want to fight her?" Liu Lanzhi raised her eyebrows in surprise.

"That old man will complain to me later if I don't enter the stage myself after everything I've said to him, after all." Su Yang said as he slowly approached the stage.

"What's going on? Why is he the one entering the stage?" The audience was dumbfounded by Su Yang's appearance, as they were all expecting Fang Zhelan.

"Why the hell are you here? I called for Fang Zhelan, not you. Although you defeated someone in the Earth Spirit Realm, you are no match for me! Get out of my sight and bring Fang Zhelan to me!" Ye Caiyu said to him with a frown.

Su Yang remained calm and spoke, "If you cannot defeat me, then what makes you think that you will defeat Fang Zhelan?"

"Hmph. Are you trying to make me waste my energy before I fight her? If you think such tactics would work, then you will be sorely disappointed!"

"Are the two of you ready to fight?" Zi Dong suddenly asked them.

He then turned to look at Ye Caiyu and continued, "You cannot choose your opponent. If you want to fight Fang Zhelan, then you must defeat him first."

"I understand… I will deal with him real quick."

Meanwhile, Elder Zhong was shaking his head.

'I can only hope that she'll overcome whatever is about to happen.' Elder Zhong thought to himself as he stared at Ye Caiyu and Su Yang.

"Let the match begin!" Zi Dong shouted a moment later.

However, neither of them moved and only stared at each other in silence.

"What are you waiting for? Come and defeat me quickly." Su Yang said to her with a smile.

"I can ask you the same question. You won't exhaust my energy if you continue standing there," she responded with a nonchalant expression.

"Hurry up and show me your sword intent. You should also be able to emit it, right?" she then said to him.

"I don't need sword intent to defeat someone at your level."

"How arrogant!" Ye Caiyu coldly snorted and immediately drew her sword. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

A second later, an incredibly sharp aura surrounded Ye Caiyu, almost like she'd turned into a sword.

"Hmmm… as expected of the one people call Divine Sword Maiden, huh? Although it's still not real sword intent, it's quite close. You should understand real sword intent after another ten years of training at your pace." Su Yang said.

"I don't need you to lecture me! Take this strike!" Ye Caiyu swung the sword in her grasp, causing an arc of sword light created by her sword aura to fly towards Su Yang like an aggressive bird.

"..."

Seeing the sword light flying at him, Su Yang merely raised his hand and chopped it down like he was cutting the air.

The second his hand touched the arc of light, his hands sliced it in half, almost like a sword chopping a tree branch in half.

"W-What?!" Ye Caiyu's eyes widened with shock after witnessing Su Yang deal with her attack so casually and without any effort.

"That attack wasn't bad, it's slightly better than our girls." Su Yang said as he nonchalantly dust his hands.

"S-Shut up!" Ye Caiyu suddenly rushed at him with an irritated expression.

"You are agitated too easily. It'll affect your future cultivation." Su Yang slightly shifted his body, dodging her attack entirely.

After dodging her attack, Su Yang grabbed the sword in her hands by the blade with his bare hands, shocking the people that were watching.

"He grabbed the blade with his bare hands! Is he crazy?!" The audience exclaimed.

The people expected Ye Caiyu to slice off a few of his fingers, but Su Yang actually disarmed her and stole her sword.

"What are you going to do without your sword now?" Su Yang said with a smile.

'T-This bastard… he's playing with me! He's actually playing with me, Ye Caiyu! Just who is he?!' she cried inwardly.