Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After taking away Ye Caiyu's sword, Su Yang tossed it outside the stage, where she cannot reach it.

"That's dirty!" Some of the audience exclaimed.

However, Ye Caiyu merely snorted and spoke, "Do you think I am useless without a sword? Even though I may not have sword intent, I can still do things like this!"

Ye Caiyu raised her hands, and a sharp aura engulfed her arms, turning them into swords.

"Hoh? Even though you cannot use sword intent, you can still use sword aura? That's quite impressive coming from someone born in this place." Su Yang nodded with approval.

Although Ye Caiyu's talent may be insignificant within the Four Divine Heavens, she is definitely one of the most talented individuals on this continent.

"If you wish to further improve your swordsmanship, give the Profound Blossom Sect a visit. I'll help you learn sword intent within a month." Su Yang suddenly said to her with a smile.

"What?" Ye Caiyu couldn't believe her ears. Is he trying to recruit her before her own sect? Just how shameless can he be?

Even Elder Zhong couldn't help but shout after hearing his words. "Su Yang, what are you trying to pull?! How dare you try and convert my disciple before me!"

Su Yang raised an eyebrow and said, "Who's trying to convert who? I am merely trying to help her improve her swordsmanship, as you guys are clearly not doing it properly."

"You! Are you claiming that the Divine Sword Sect is not training their disciples properly?!"

"I didn't say that. However, if I were the one training her, she would've become a real swordmaster years ago." Su Yang shrugged. "You're wasting her talents."

"You—!"

Elder Zhong's face fumed with redness. He wanted to refute Su Yang's words, but when he recalled all of their disciples with sword intent, he wasn't able to utter even a single word.

Su Yang then turned to look at Ye Caiyu and continued, "Although you're my opponent right now, I will always be willing to help a beauty out. If you ever decide that you want to become a swordmaster in a month instead of ten years, find me after the regional tournament. I will train you properly, and I can also promise you that you'll become the strongest swordmaster this world has ever seen."

"..."

Ye Caiyu was speechless, as she didn't expect him to be poaching her in such a moment. However, as skeptical as she was, Su Yang's clear voice was very convincing-sounding.

"Of course, you won't have to leave the Divine Sword Sect," he suddenly added.

"You're lying! There's no way that you can help me! You have no qualifications to speak about sword intent, much less lecture others about it! In fact, you probably just want to do vulgar things to me!" Ye Caiyu said to him.

"If I am not qualified to talk about sword intent, then nobody in this world is qualified!" Su Yang spoke with a domineering voice, dumbfounding everybody there.

"This Su Yang fellow is really arrogant despite being only at the Profound Spirit Realm!" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Although he clearly has some abilities, he's still too young to be lecturing others."

"Yeah! He dares to lecture the Divine Sword Maiden about sword intent when he himself hasn't even proved that he can use sword intent!"

"I bet that he's the only one who can't use sword intent within the Profound Blossom Sect, or else he wouldn't have made that excuse in the beginning!"

"What do you think he's trying to do, Sect Master? Why does he want to train her into a swordmaster?" One of the disciples asked Liu Lanzhi.

"It's most likely for credibility," said Liu Lanzhi. "If he can help the Divine Sword Maiden become a true swordmaster, people who wish to become a swordmaster would flock to the Profound Blossom Sect like birds in a park before food."

After a moment of silence, she continued speaking, "Or… he just wants to get inside her robes…"

"..."

The disciples were speechless after hearing her latter sentence.

"If you still don't believe me, you can ask your Sect Master. He knows a little about me, after all." Su Yang said to her while looking at Elder Zhong with a smile on his face.

"Don't listen to him, Ye Caiyu! Although his swordsmanship is even better than mine, he's not trustworthy as a person!" Elder Zhong suddenly said.

"Eh? What did you just say, Sect Master?" Ye Caiyu and everybody that heard Elder Zhong's words turned to look at him with wide eyes filled with shock.

"I said that he's not someone you can trust! He's the type who always has an ulterior motive!" Elder Zhong repeated.

"No, not that, Sect Master. What you said before that…"

"Although his swordsmanship is even better than mine… oh." Elder Zhong finally realized what he'd said and stared at Ye Caiyu with a slightly red face.

However, he coughed it off a moment later and turned to look at Su Yang with a serious expression and said, "Su Yang, why are you still pretending to be a weakling at the Profound Spirit Realm? Your real strength will be revealed sooner or later, so why don't you remove that veil around you already?"

"..." Su Yang's eyes narrowed slightly after hearing Elder Zhong's words, and he spoke, "I never intended to hide my true strength for this long, it's just that there has been no reason for me to reveal it. However, since it's going to be revealed tomorrow anyway, I might as well do it now, right?"

Su Yang turned to look at Ye Caiyu and said, "Don't be mistaken. Your current strength is not nearly enough for me to use my real strength. But since you asked for my qualifications, then allow me to show you my qualifications!"

"What—?"

Before Ye Caiyu could even respond, Su Yang's eyes flickered with profoundness, and as though a sleeping dragon had been awakened, his body exploded with a terrifying aura that shook the heart of everyone present.

Su Yang's cultivation stage that had been in the Profound Spirit Realm suddenly broke through to the True Spirit Realm instantly, before it quickly reached the peak of the True Spirit Realm within seconds. A moment later, his cultivation entered the Earth Spirit Realm.

However, it did not stop there, as his cultivation base continued to rise.

The first level Earth Spirit Realm... second level… fourth level… seventh level… ninth level…

After reaching the ninth level Earth Spirit Realm, his cultivation base halted for a few seconds before it instantly entered the Heavenly Spirit Realm.

"Y-Y-Y-You are actually—! That is impossible!" Ye Caiyu fell on her buttocks after seeing the dramatic change in Su Yang's cultivation base. It was as though she was watching a baby grow into an adult in mere moments.

It was not just Ye Caiyu. Almost everyone watching had stood up from shock, their eyes filled with disbelief.

"H-H-Heavenly Spirit Realm…" Liu Lanzhi almost collapsed from shock after learning Su Yang's true strength.

"Good heavens!" Elder Sun's mouth was wide open, as were the Sun Family that had been silently watching from the spectators' seats.

"As expected of my beloved Elder Brother… there's nobody in this world that's cooler and more handsome than him..." Su Yin's body trembled with delight, whilst her Master, Bai Lihua, merely stood there with a dazed look on her face.

After his dramatic transformation, Su Yang looked at Ye Caiyu with a smug smile on his face and spoke, "Now then… do you still doubt my qualifications?"