Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"It's complicated, you say?!" Su Xun roared in anger at his nonchalant response. "You are lucky that I didn't outright kill you and abandon your corpse in the wilderness for the beasts to devour!"

Su Yang shrugged. It was not as if he could tell Su Xun that he was reincarnated but all of his memories did not return until after he entered the Profound Blossom Sect and that the previous Su Yang no longer exists.

"Father, there is no other explanation required other than the fact that we love each other!" Su Yin suddenly stepped in and spoke in a brave tone.

"To hell with love! Even if you say that — there is a limit!" Su Xun did not accept such an explanation.

"There is no limit on love!" Su Yin snorted.

"You—!"

"Hey." Su Yang suddenly interrupted.

"What is it?" Su Xun frowned.

"Why do you reject the idea of siblings being partners so much? Although it's an uncommon theme, I know of many people who started families as siblings." Su Yang said.

"R-Really?" Su Yin's eyes flickered with excitement after hearing his words.

"Do you have any idea what happens to the child when siblings conceive? They become deformed more often than not! That's why it's considered a taboo in this world!" Su Xun said to him. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Ohhh… so that's why you are freaking out over something so insignificant." Su Yang nodded as though he'd understood something.

"What did you just say?! Insignificant?! How dare you!" Su Xun roared.

Su Yang shook his head and continued, "While it's true that such instances do happen and are unfortunate, that only applies to mortals who do not cultivate. When it comes to Cultivators, because of the spiritual energy within our body, there's less chance of such incidents. Furthermore, once a Cultivator reaches the Heavenly Spirit Realm, that chance no longer exists, so siblings will be able to convince without needing to worry about their child being deformed."

"Really?!" Su Yin couldn't believe her ears, as her worst fears had been relieved!

"What kind of nonsense—"

Before Su Xun could even speak, Su Yang continued, "Due to the lack of Cultivators at the Heavenly Spirit Realm in this place, of course, you won't have any examples."

"Since there are no examples, how can you be so confident in your words?"

Su Yang smiled and said, "Because I am more experienced than you in terms of cultivation and 'that'."

"You little—"

Although he didn't want to admit it, since Su Yang managed to reach the Heavenly Spirit Realm at such a young age, he was more qualified than him, especially in terms of dual cultivation.

"Elder Brother, does this mean that if I reach the Heavenly Spirit Realm, I will be able to bear your child?!" Su Yin asked him with anticipating eyes.

"Ehh… that's a topic for another day." Su Yang said to her.

"Anyway, now that your main concern is gone, do you still have any other problem with our relationship?" Su Yang asked him in a calm and clear voice, almost as though he has used this sentence many times in his life.

"I-It is not as simple as that! Do you have any idea what the world will think about this once they learn the truth?!" Su Xun said.

"Then it's fine as long as they don't find out?" Su Yin asked.

"This is…" Su Xun was speechless. He could no longer find any energy to argue with them, as it feels like they will have an excuse for every problem he has with them.

After a moment of silence, Su Xun rubbed his temples and spoke in a sighing voice, "I don't care anymore. You're both adults now, so you can do whatever you want."

"R-Really?" Su Yin looked at him with disbelief. She would've never imagined that her father would actually approve of their relationship — not in a million years. Hell, she was prepared to leave the Su Family if he continued to refuse!

"However! If I hear a single word about your relationship outside of the family, I will outright disown the both of you!" Su Xun continued.

"I have already left the family, so you can't disown me anymore." Su Yang casually said.

"Shut up! I don't want to hear another word coming out of your mouth!" Su Xun said before quickly stomping out of the room, as he did not want to give them a chance to speak back anymore.

"Is everything okay, Senior Su?" Liu Lanzhi asked him with a worried face after seeing him leave in a hurry.

"I hope so," he sighed, and continued, "Anyway, I would like to take this chance to thank you properly for taking care of my child. He must have been a troublemaker, right? Who knows what would've happened if you didn't take him in."

Liu Lanzhi immediately shook her head and said, "No, no, no! I should be the one thanking you. Without Su Yang, the Profound Blossom Sect would not even exist right now."

"By the way, I know that I have no place in meddling with your family's affair, but it's actually not that uncommon for siblings to… you know. Being the Sect Master in the Profound Blossom Sect for some time now, I have personally witnessed many siblings come together, so I hope that you can give them a chance."

Although she didn't hear their conversation, knowing Su Yang's character and Su Yin's behavior when around him, it was as clear as day their current problem.

"Don't worry, I will not meddle with them anymore." Su Xun sighed with a defeated expression.

"So you approve of their relationship?" Liu Lanzhi was slightly surprised.

"No. Instead of approving them, it's more like acceptance. I realize after our conversation just now that no matter what I say to her, Su Yin will continue to love her brother."

"As cringy as it may sound, that's just how love works." Liu Lanzhi said with a smile on her face.

"Is that so… then, please continue taking care of them. I will also continue supporting the Profound Blossom Sect."

"R-Really?" Liu Lanzhi looked at him with wide eyes.

"I heard the Heavenly Swan Sect and the Profound Blossom Sect formed an Alliance? The Su Family will support the two of you. This is the least I can do as their father."

"T-Thank you, Senior Su!" Liu Lanzhi bowed to him.