After Su Xun left the room, Su Yin turned to look at Su Yang and spoke with hearts in her eyes, "Beloved Brother, now that father will no longer bother us, we can do whatever we want."

Su Yang smiled and said, "Let's wait until you're an adult before we talk about that."

"Okay!" Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Since her 16th birthday is only a few weeks away, she wasn't disappointed by his answer. In fact, her anticipation even went up.

Sometime later, Su Yang gathered all of the disciples and said, "Tomorrow is the finals. Once we beat the Azure Cloud Sect, our Profound Blossom Sect will become the number one sect in the eastern continent."

"What do you mean 'we'? The match's practically a one versus one." Bai Lihua, who followed them to their hotel, said to him. "If you don't defeat Hong Yu'er, the Azure Cloud Sect wins. If you defeat Hong Yu'er, the Profound Blossom Sect wins. It's simple as that."

"Well, you're not wrong." Su Yang smiled.

If Hong Yu'er loses, the rest of the Azure Cloud Sect would not hold a candle against the rest of you. However, if Hong Yu'er defeats Su Yang, she might very well sweep through the rest of the disciples.

Of course, Fang Zhelan might be able to defeat Hong Yu'er if she's exhausted after fighting with Su Yang, but even with such a disadvantage, the difference between Heavenly Spirit Realm and Earth Spirit Realm is simply too vast.

"By the way, I have been dying to ask — just how did you reach the Heavenly Spirit Realm at that age?" Bai Lihua suddenly asked him, and everyone there stared at him with intensive gazes.

"There's no secret behind it, really. But if you really want to know, you can find me in the Profound Blossom Sect and I will personally show you how I cultivate." Su Yang said to her with a smile on his face.

"You…" Bai Lihua was speechless. Besides Su Yang, there is probably no other junior in this world who would dare to speak to her in such a vulgar manner.

However, as much as she hates to admit it, his offer was very tempting. After all, he managed to raise all of these disciples to be top geniuses all by himself and in such a short time.

If she could also experience similar growth just by offering her body to Su Yang, it might actually be worth it. Furthermore, regardless of his age or character, it is already guaranteed that Su Yang will become someone with a tremendous presence in the cultivation world after the regional tournament ends.

And once the single women in this world learns of his existence, there would be countless beauties waiting in line for him. In the world of cultivation, the only thing that mattered in a man is their background and power while everything else secondary.

'Not only is he a one-in-a-billion genius but he's also from the Four Great Families. He's still young and his appearance is also extraordinary. This man is what women would define as a perfect man!' Bai Lihua thought to herself.

"Don't worry, you can take your time deciding. My door will always be open for you." Su Yang suddenly said to her.

"S-Shut up! Who would?!" Bai Lihua immediately blushed.

"Su Yin, I am leaving with or without you!" she said to her before quickly walking away.

"I'll see you later, Elder Brother!" Su Yin made a swift movement and kissed Su Yang on the cheeks before skipping away with a blissful expression.

Once Su Yin and Bai Lihua disappeared, Liu Lanzhi spoke, "Su Yang… how confident are you in defeating Hong Yu'er?"

Su Yang showed a pondering expression for a moment before saying, "I'd say… 110% confident."

"Really?"

Su Yang nodded and continued, "Although Hong Yu'er has an impressive cultivation base and admirable swordsmanship, she's still slightly behind me in terms of cultivation and the sword. Furthermore, after watching her fight for the past week, I am certain that she has nothing else to show. In other words, she has no trump cards, whilst I have plenty. With that being said, it definitely won't be an easy fight."

"Su Yang, you will need a lot of energy for tomorrow's fight, right? I will cultivate with you tonight." Fang Zhelan suddenly said to him.

"I doubt you'll be able to satisfy him alone. I'll also join." Sun Jingjing said with a smile.

"I'll also cultivate with you!"

"Me, too!"

"Let's all cultivate until the sun rises!"

The disciples were eager to cultivate with Su Yang, as this is the only way they can feel like they are actually contributing to the fight tomorrow.

"..."

Liu Lanzhi looked at the happy disciples with a pondering expression.

After a moment of silence, she spoke, "I have never experienced group cultivation before, so allow me to join you this time."

"Eh?"

All of the disciples looked at her with wide eyes, seemingly in disbelief.

"D-Did I just hear you properly, Sect Master? You said you want to join us?" Fang Zhelan asked her.

"That's exactly what I said. Or would you rather not have me there?" Liu Lanzhi spoke with a calm expression.

"T-That's not it, Sect Master! It's just that… I never expected you to…"

Liu Lanzhi smiled and said, "Well, there's always a first time for everything."

"The Sect Master will be cultivating with us? This feels unreal..."

"Just don't fall behind the disciples, Sect Master!" Sun Jingjing teased her.

"Oh? That's quite the confidence you got there. Are you willing to make a bet with me?"

"What kind of bet?"

"Whoever endures the longest wins the bet, and the loser is prohibited from cultivating with Su Yang for one month."

"One month?!" Sun Jingjing's eyes widened with shock. She cannot imagine what it would be like to not cultivate with him for one week straight, much less an entire month!

"I thought you were confident in your abilities?" Liu Lanzhi showed her a smug look.

"Y-You're on, Sect Master! I will accept this challenge!" Sun Jingjing nodded.

"Let's go, Su Yang! We are going to cultivate right now!" Sun Jingjing said as she dragged him into their room.

"W-Wait for us!"

The other disciples and Liu Lanzhi quickly followed their steps, entering the room with them.