Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Three hours have passed since Sun Jingjing started her cultivation with Su Yang yet she still shows no signs of exhaustion. In fact, she looked even more energetic than when they first began.

"Ah…!"

"Oh…!"

"Mmmm~!"

Sun Jingjing moaned softly as Su Yang rammed his enormous penis into her tight and wet vagina.

"She's really on an entirely different level than us…" The disciples stared in shock.

"I still can't believe that I would lose to someone who was a maiden until a few months ago…" Liu Lanzhi shook her head.

"At this rate, she will be cultivating with him until the morning."

The disciples continued to watch their cultivation as they waited for their stamina to return.

Sometime later, Sun Jingjing's moaning grew louder and sharper, and Su Yang's movements were noticeably quicker and fiercer.

"Ahhh~! I can't anymore!"

A few minutes later, Sun Jingjing suddenly shouted.

However, upon hearing her charming voice, Su Yang only moved even faster and stronger.

"Ahhhhh…! It's coming!"

After a few more moments, Sun Jingjing's body twitches uncontrollably, before her vagina squirts out Yin Qi like a fountain.

As Su Yang laid her body down and unplugged his penis from her vagina, Yang Qi could be seen overflowing from her hole.

The disciples swallowed their saliva after seeing this scene, and their body could feel a tingling sensation arousing their lust.

"We still have a few hours before the tournament. Who wants to continue cultivating?" Su Yang turned to look at them and asked.

"Me! Me! Me!"

"I want to continue!"

All of the disciples eagerly raised their hands.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Come. I will satisfy three of you at once now."

After Su Yang began cultivating with the other disciples, Sun Jingjing said to Liu Lanzhi, "This is why I didn't want to make the bet with you, Sect Master. Now it looks like I am bullying you. You don't have to take the bet seriously, either."

However, Liu Lanzhi shook her head and said in a defeated voice, "It's my defeat, and I am not someone who will go back on my own words. Since you won this bet, I won't cultivate with him for the rest of this month."

"A-Are you sure about that, Sect Master? I will feel bad if your cultivation diminishes because of it…" Sun Jingjing insisted that she does not stop her cultivation, especially since she is already behind her disciples.

"You don't have to say another word. It's fine, really." Liu Lanzhi nodded.

A moment later, she continued, "By the way, I have been meaning to ask, what's that symbol below your stomach? Why is it Su Yang's family name?"

"Uh… this is…" Sun Jingjing scrambled her mind trying to find an excuse for her family crest.

"This is a symbol of our love…" she said with a red face.

"I don't get it…" Liu Lanzhi raised an eyebrow, looking at Sun Jingjing as though she was a weirdo.

The disciples and Su Yang continued to cultivate for the remainder of the night and into the morning — until the final match was only two hours away.

"Su Yang, the match is in two hours." Liu Lanzhi reminded him, who was still cultivating with the disciples.

"Oh, really?" Su Yang casually responded, acting as though the match wasn't even that important to begin with.

"We should start heading there now. Who knows how many people will be trying to get inside the colosseum today."

Su Yang nodded and increased his intensity, making the disciple climax with pleasure in mere seconds.

Sometime later, everybody from the Profound Blossom Sect gathered at the front of the hotel, where the Heavenly Swan Sect and the Burning Lotus Sect were unexpectedly outside and waiting for them.

"You guys sure took your sweet time. It's almost like you aren't even concerned about the match." Bai Lihua shook her head after seeing them.

"Sorry. We just finished cultivating." Liu Lanzhi said casually.

"Eh?"

Everybody there looked at her with wide eyes.

'So they were… just now… having sex?' The Burning Lotus Sect and Heavenly Swan Sect's disciples wondered inwardly, dumbfounded by their carefree and shameless nature.

If it were them, they would be too nervous to sleep, much less doing such acts.

"How envious… I also want to do it with Elder Brother…" Su Yin mumbled in a mosquito-like voice.

As they walked to the colosseum, the female disciples from both sects were glancing at Su Yang from the side of their eyes with some of them even slightly blushing.

After learning that he was a Heavenly Spirit Realm expert at such a young age, not to mention his impressive background, their perspectives on him had changed entirely, and he looked even more handsome and charming than before.

"Look at these maidens ogling at our senior apprentice-brother…" The Junior Disciples mumbled to each other after noticing their stares.

"It's not surprising at all, since Senior apprentice-brother's charm is irresistible."

"Ahhh… I cannot wait until I become an adult and offer my Pure Yin Essence to senior apprentice-brother."

Sometime later, the three sects arrived before the colosseum, but as one would have expected, the place was crowded with people.

"T-This is crazy! It's almost like I am standing before the ocean, but instead of water, there's people!" The Junior Disciples cried out loud after seeing the massive amount of people trying to enter the colosseum.

"So what if there's a lot of people? Would they dare to block us?" Bai Lihua said as she stepped forward.

"Ahem!" Bai Lihua suddenly cleared her throat, and it was as loud as thunder, causing all of the people there to turn around and look at her.

"It's the Heavenly Swan Sect!"

"The Burning Lotus Sect is also there!"

"Even the Profound Blossom Sect, who will be fighting in today's final match! Why are they coming here together?!" Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Haven't you heard? They have all formed an alliance with each other, so it's not weird for them to be together."

Once the people there realized their identities, the ocean of people splits in half, allowing them to pass through without any efforts.