Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Good luck, Su Yang." Wang Shuren said to him after they entered the colosseum, and she continued, "By the way, I have found a place for your meeting. Just let me know when you want it to happen and I'll organize it for you."

Because of the Earth Advancement Pills, Wang Shuren has been bombarded by nearly family and sect in the Eastern Continent for the past several days, all of whom wish to meet the Mysterious Pill Master or simply want to buy some Earth Advancement Pills.

"Hmm… I will have to see the situation after the regional tournament. I will let you know afterward," said Su Yang.

"I understand. There's already over 100 families and 70 sects that have notified me of their desire to participate in the meeting, so there will be plenty of people there." Wang Shuren nodded.

Once they were inside the colosseum, the Heavenly Swan Sect and the Burning Lotus Sect gave the Profound Blossom Sect a few words of encouragement before leaving them alone to head to the spectators' area.

"This is it, huh? To think I was doubting that we could reach this point just a few weeks ago." Liu Lanzhi showed a defeated smile.

After waiting around for some time, Zi Dong walked onto the stage with a calm expression, yet the excitement in his eyes could not be hidden.

"I, Zi Dong, welcome everybody here today for the final match of the Regional Tournament!"

The audience roared with excitement.

"Even though most of you here already know their names, allow me to properly introduce them again," Zi Dong continued.

"First and foremost, we have the Azure Cloud Sect that has recently been bestowed the title of Elite, becoming an Elite Sect, and carrying them to victory since day one is their number one disciple, Hong Yu'er, who is shocking at the Heavenly Spirit Realm despite her young age."

"Next, we have their opponents, the Profound Blossom Sect, and despite their lacking number of disciples and complex situations, they have managed to shock the world with their beauty and prowess. Furthermore, they also have someone at the Heavenly Spirit Realm, Su Yang, who is not only the Sect Master of the Profound Blossom Sect but also a member of one of the Four Great Families — the Su Family!"

"What? Since when were Sect Masters allowed to participate in the tournament? I have never seen anything like this before." Some of the audience were puzzled.

"There's actually no rule stating that Sect Masters cannot participate. As long as they meet the age and cultivation requirements, they are allowed to participate," said someone more knowledgeable on the rules.

A few moments later, Zi Dong said, "Now without further ado, let's invite these two spectacular sects onto the stage!"

"Woooo!"

The cheering from the audience reached an all-time high.

A few moments later, two sects, the Profound Blossom Sect and the Azure Cloud Sect, walked onto the stage and stood before each other.

"..."

Su Yang and Hong Yu'er silently stared at each other with a profound gaze.

Even though this is Su Yang's first time standing so close to her, he feels as though they have known each other for hundreds of years already.

As for Hong Yu'er, she merely showed him a smile.

"S-She's smiling! This is the first time I have seen her smile in such a manner!"

The Azure Cloud Sect's disciples were shocked to see such an expression on Hong Yu'er's face, as they were used to seeing a serious expression on her face. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Bow!" Zi Dong shouted, and the two sects bowed to each other.

"Good luck. May the best ones win." Gu Guanting said to Liu Lanzhi.

"Good luck to you and your disciples, too." Liu Lanzhi nodded.

After greeting each other, they sects walked to the edge of the stage.

"Sect Master, who should we send first?" One of the disciples asked Gu Guanting.

"Let's wait and see what the Profound Blossom Sect decides to do first," he responded after a moment of pondering.

Meanwhile, on the other side, Liu Lanzhi asked, "Who should we send first, Su Yang?"

Su Yang shrugged and said, "It doesn't matter who goes first because we will win in the end."

"Then let's wait a bit to see what the Azure Cloud Sect does first."

Many minutes have passed, yet neither side has decided on their first fighter.

"Umm… Are you guys going to be sending your fighter any time soon?" Zi Dong got tired of waiting after a few more minutes of pure silence.

"O-One moment!" Liu Lanzhi said.

"We will send ours soon!" Gu Guanting also said.

"Fine… but make it quick…" Zi Dong shook his head and continued to wait for them.

"There's no point in this farce," Hong Yu'er suddenly said. "The result of this match will depend on my match with Su Yang."

"Then…"

"I will go first." Hong Yu'er suddenly said.

"What?! But you need to save your energy for your fight with Su Yang! What if they send out the others to waste your energy?" Gu Guanting said with a frown.

"You don't have to worry about that, since…" Hong Yu'er pointed at the stage.

"What?" Gu Guanting turned to look at the stage, where a handsome young man was walking to the center.

"He's going first?!" Gu Guanting's eyes widened with surprise, as he did not expect Su Yang, their strongest member to approach the stage first.

"Hong Yu'er, what are you waiting for? Come up here and let's have a talk." Su Yang spoke loudly after reaching the center.

Hong Yu'er showed a slight smile before jumping onto the stage, standing only a few meters before Su Yang.

"Su Yang… it's been a while," she said to him with an adoring gaze, almost like she's finally meeting her lover after many years of separation.

"A while, you say… but exactly how long is 'a while'?" Su Yang asked her. "Are you really Hong Yu'er, or someone else?"

"What's wrong, darling? Don't you recognize your own fiance?" she chuckled charmingly, causing everybody there to feel as though their hearts were squeezed.