After their short break, Su Yang and Hong Yu'er, also known as Tang Lingxi, began fighting again.

After many minutes of exchanging blows with each other and still showing no signs of the victor, Zi Dong suddenly said to them, "Hey! How long are you two going to do this? At this rate, you'll demonish this entire arena before you are even tired!"

"He's right, darling. We can fight like this for hours and neither of us would win." Hong Yu'er said.

"Then what do you suggest?"

"Heaven Consuming Strike. You should remember this technique, right? Let's end it with that."

Su Yang showed a smile and said, "Didn't you hear the old man? He doesn't want the arena to be destroyed, yet here you are, suggesting something that will definitely demolish this entire colosseum — perhaps even the city."

"Of course, I am not suggesting that we should attack each other with the technique. Although yours might be a different story, this fragile body wouldn't be able to handle that much stress. Let's see who can emit the most energy with technique."

"I see…" Su Yang nodded. "Very well. Even though you're not in your real body, you have an advantage over me, isn't that right, Asura God Clan's little princess, Tang Lingxi?"

Hong Yu'er showed a smile and said, "Let's do it!"

A moment later, both Su Yang and Hong Yu'er stopped moving and turned completely silent.

However, their aura grew stronger and stronger — until it was strong enough to appear physically and cause sparks in the air.

"W-What a terrifying aura! What are they trying to do with so much energy built up?!" Zi Dong became increasingly worried. At this rate, their next attack might blow away the entire arena.

"First Asura Secret, Heaven Consuming Strike!"

Both Hong Yu'er and Su Yang's eyes glowed with a profound light, and their swords trembled intensively before black flames appeared and engulfed the blade.

A few seconds later, the floor around them was beginning to burn, and the air became filled with a burning smell.

By now, the entire colosseum was covered by a tyrannical pressure that none of them have experienced before — not even Lord Xie. It was difficult to breathe under such pressures, much less speak, so the entire place was dead silent.

'Are they trying to destroy my city?!' Lord Xie cried inwardly after witnessing their astonishing energy that was still rising.

The energy being emitted by Su Yang and Hong Yu'er was so powerful that even the Xie Family's Ancestor — Lord Xie's father had to appear just in case he had to protect the crowd.

'What kind of technique is this? Even Immortal-grade techniques do not emit such a terrifying aura. This young man is always full of surprises...' The old man wondered to himself as he prepared to intervene.

"..."

Hong Yu'er stared at Su Yang with narrowed eyes, seemingly in deep thoughts.

Su Yang, on the other hand, stood there with a carefree smile.

A few moments later, Hong Yu'er retracted her energy and placed the sword back in its sheath.

"You crazy bastard, why, and how do you have Celestial Qi in your body? I can't imagine this small place would have Celestial Qi." Hong Yu'er asked him, still with a frown on her face.

"I don't know." Su Yang shrugged with a serious expression. "I noticed it inside my body one day."

"You… unbelievable." Hong Yu'er sighed and shook her head. "Do you have any idea how dangerous it is for a mortal to have Celestial Qi in their body? Even Immortals wouldn't dare to handle Celestial Qi without the help of a supreme being."

"Of course, I know that. But since it's already inside my body, there's nothing I can do about it. Furthermore, I seem to have complete control over it."

"Wait… you tried using it…?" Hong Yu'er stared at him with an unbelievable face.

"I infused it with the Heaven Consuming Strike once and its sheer power nearly killed me… haha…" Su Yang laughed in an awkward manner.

"How can you be so reckless?! You could've died!"

"Well, I am still alive now, so it's fine."

"No! No, it's not! It's not just this instance! You are always so reckless, even in your previous life! Do you have any idea how I felt when I learned of your sudden death?!" Hong Yu'er suddenly dropped her sword and ran towards Su Yang, before embracing him tightly.

"Hong— Lingxi…" Su Yang mumbled her name in an intimate voice. "I'm sorry for making you worry about me all the time."

"Eh? What's happening here?" Zi Dong was puzzled by the two's sudden passionate embrace. Are they still fighting or not?

"This…" When Xie Xingfang witnessed Hong Yu'er embrace Su Yang, she felt as though an invisible force was squeezing her heart, causing her to feel uncomfortable.

"2,000 years… it's been 2,000 years since you last embraced me — even though you promised me that you'd marry me a thousand years ago."

"I'm sorry… I'm really sorry, Lingxi…"

"Excuse me, I hate to be the one to interrupt your lovely reunion, but there's a tournament going on right now…" Zi Dong suddenly said to them.

"Let's continue this topic later, darling." Hong Yu'er wiped the tears in her eyes and took a few steps back.

"Un." Su Yang nodded.

A few seconds later, Hong Yu'er raised her hand and spoke loudly, "I surrender this fight. It's my defeat."

"What?!"

Almost everybody there shouted in a shocked voice.

"What are you doing, Hong Yu'er?! Even if he's your fiance, you can't just give up so easily!" Gu Guanting said to her with a desperate expression.

To think they'd come so far just to lose in such a manner. This would haunt him for the rest of his life! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Were you even watching us just now?" Hong Yu'er said to him with a nonchalant expression. "Did you think that we were only showing off our aura just now? Even if I use all of my strength, it's not even to defeat him."

After all, her body has no Celestial Qi while Su Yang did, and the difference between regular Qi and Celestial Qi is so vast that even words cannot describe it.