Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"I can't believe it. To think Hong Yu'er would surrender herself." Bai Lihua was dumbfounded by the outcome of the tournament.

"T-T-T-This means… that we are the champions?" Liu Lanzhi's entire body was shaking from shock and bafflement.

"Although they still have 9 fighters left, they won't be able to defeat us, much less Su Yang, who is still on the stage and as energetic as ever." Fang Zhelan said with a b

"I don't believe it… is this real or am I just having a really long dream?" Liu Lanzhi stared at the stage with a dazed look.

"Don't worry, Sect Master, you are living in reality right now." Sun Jingjing chuckled at her.

After Hong Yu'er surrendered the match, the Azure Cloud Sect disciples turned to look at Gu Guanting, their Sect Master with worrying eyes.

"Sect Master, what should we do now? Even if we go onto the stage, we won't even be able to touch him, much less defeat."

"That's right, Sect Master. Even if all of us fight him together, we still won't be able to win without Senior apprentice-sister Hong.

Gu Guanting rubbed his temples and sighed, "I know… I know. You don't have to tell me anything. Without Hong Yu'er, we have lost this one."

A few moments later, Gu Guanting stepped onto the stage and said to Zi Dong, "The Azure Cloud Sect forfeits this match."

"Holy shit! The Profound Blossom Sect actually managed to defeat the Azure Cloud Sect — defeated Hong Yu'er!"

The audience was in shock. Despite some of them already expecting this, they didn't think it would end in such a manner.

"Th-The Azure Cloud Sect has forfeited the match, making the Profound Blossom Sect the champion of this year's Regional Tournament! Let's give the Profound Blossom Sect some noise for celebration!"

After Zi Dong's announcement, the entire colosseum exploded with weird and beastly noises, causing the air to shake.

Sometime later, when the noises calmed down, Lord Xie stood from his seat, causing the remaining noise to instantly disappear.

Xie Xingfang also stood up, and both of them slowly approached the stage, where the Profound Blossom Sect was standing. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"We greet Your Majesty!"

The disciples and Liu Lanzhi lowered their heads and bowed to him.

Of course, Su Yang remained standing there with a nonchalant expression.

Lord Xie looked at Su Yang with the corner of his eyes before ignoring him.

"Congratulations on your victory, Profound Blossom Sect." Lord Xie said to them. "None of this would've been possible if not for your hard work, and this is especially true for the Sect Master, who has clearly guided you towards the right path. Although your practices may differ from the norm, it is the results that matter, and I must say, it is quite impressive."

"These Juniors… all of you standing before me today is the sign of a new era in the world of cultivation, and I cannot wait to see what you will show me in the future."

"Thank you, Your Majesty, for his kind words!"

The disciples remained bowing.

"Lift your heads." Xie Xingfang suddenly said to them in a gentle voice.

When the disciples lifted their heads, they saw Xie Xingfang holding a golden box in her hands.

"Here are the rewards for coming in first place in the tournament."

Xie Xingfang opened the golden chest and revealed to them the items inside.

"There are 10 large storage pouches and 5 medium storage rings with 10 million spirit stones inside. Accept it." Xie Xingfang handed the items to Liu Lanzhi, who hastily went to accept it.

"T-Thank you, Your Highness!" Liu Lanzhi accepted the reward with shaky hands.

"As for the two Heaven-grade Spiritual Treasure and the cultivation techniques, you can pick them once you visit the Xie Family later." Xie Xingfang said to her.

"Eh? We are going to the Xie Family?" Liu Lanzhi looked at her with a dazed face, completely forgetting about the other rewards.

Xie Xingfang laughed softly and said, "Did you forget that the champion of the tournament will also get the privilege to enter the Celestial Pond for seven days? Don't forget about the dinner, either."

"Oh, right… I totally forgot about those rewards…" Liu Lanzhi showed an embarrassed smile.

After handing Liu Lanzhi the rewards, Xie Xingfang turned to look at Su Yang.

A moment later, she walked in front of him and lifted the veil covering her face, shocking everybody there with her beauty.

"Heavens! Fairy Xie is even more beautiful than in my imaginations!"

"How can someone so beautiful exist in this world?"

The audience gasped in shock after witnessing Xie Xingfang's beauty.

"I even told you to not reveal your face here…" Lord Xie shook his head at her actions.

"It'd be rude of me to speak with Su Yang with my face covered, after all." Xie Xingfang said with a smile and turned to look at him.

"Congratulations on winning the tournament, Su Yang," she said to him. "Although I'd like to speak with you more, this is not a suitable place."

"Don't worry, we can talk all you want during our dinner later." Su Yang responded with a smile.

"Un." Xie Xingfang nodded with a slightly red face.

Meanwhile, the disciples and Liu Lanzhi looked at them with wide eyes. They simply couldn't believe what they were witnessing. Since when did Su Yang become acquainted with the princess of the Xie Family? And they even appear to be quite intimate with each other!

"Ahem!" Lord Xie cleared his throat after seeing their lovely atmosphere and said, "Anyway, as the new champion for the first time in history, you should say a few words to the people here."

Liu Lanzhi looked at Su Yang and said, "You should do the talking. After all, you are the only reason we are even standing here today."

Su Yang nodded and took a few steps forward, standing completely in the spotlight at this moment.

The entire place was dead silent as everyone waited for him to speak.

However, right as Su Yang opened his mouth, Lord Xie suddenly turned to look towards the sky and shouted, "Who's there?!"

His words caused everyone there to turn their attention to the clouds.

A few moments later, a figure descended from beyond the clouds and floated slightly above the arena.

"A-A goddess! It's a real goddess!"

The audience was shocked to see this beauty's sudden appearance. In fact, her mere presence was so overwhelming that she'd sealed the ability to breathe from everyone there for a good moment.

Su Yang's eyes widened with surprise upon seeing this individual.

"Qiuyue?" he mumbled her name.