Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qiuyue's sudden appearance shocked every individual there with some people even unconsciously lowering their heads to her.

Even Hong Yu'er couldn't believe her eyes. "Those silver hair, her eyes that shine like the moon at night, and her unique divine aura… these are characteristics of someone from the Sacred Moon Temple! But why would someone from that clan be in this place?!"

After Qiuyue's appearance, Lord Xie's father, the old man suddenly appeared before her and clasped his hands with respect and spoke, "This old man is Xie Wang of the Xie Family that reigns over this continent. What is the purpose of your visit to this place, Esteemed Senior?" ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"What?! Father?!" Lord Xie was dumbfounded. He has never seen his father this serious and respectful towards another individual before.

Qiuyue glanced at Xie Wang with the corner of her eyes and spoke, "I have no business with you. Go away."

"..."

Xie Wang was speechless. This is the first time in his life that he's been treated with such disrespect. However, he could sense an overwhelming amount of spiritual energy from Qiuyue, making him feel powerless. Even if he wanted to talk back, he didn't dare. If he offended her, who knows what she might do to this place or the Xie Family. After all, even with his Sovereign Spirit Realm cultivation, he was unable to see her real strength, suggesting it to be at a level that's far beyond his own.

After ignoring Xie Wang, Qiuyue turned her attention to Su Yang, who was glaring at her with a puzzled gaze.

"Father. Come with me. I have finally found a clue that might help us return home." Qiuyue revealed this shocking information to Su Yang via spiritual sense.

"What?! Is that true?!" Su Yang's eyes widened with shock, and he unconsciously smiled with happiness.

Qiuyue nodded and said, "However, I need your help with it before I can be certain."

Qiuyue then waved her sleeves, making her luxurious flying boat appear in the sky, shocking the people there even further.

"What kind of spiritual treasure is that?!" Lord Xie cried inwardly.

"Let's go, Su Yang. We don't have much time." Qiuyue urged him.

Su Yang nodded and immediately jumped onto the ship.

"Su Yang?! Where are you going?!" Liu Lanzhi suddenly said to him.

"Don't worry about me, I will be back soon." Su Yang said, and then he turned to look at Hong Yu'er and continued, "Come with us!"

Hong Yu'er did not question him and also jumped onto the boat, dumbfounding Qiuyue.

"Eh? Who is this little girl? Why are you bringing her with us?" Qiuyue asked him with a puzzled face.

"I will explain on the way," he replied.

Qiuyue nodded, and the next instant, the flying ship began moving and disappeared from the colosseum like a ghost.

Meanwhile, the entire colosseum was dead silent. It was so quiet that even a pin drop could be heard miles away.

"W-What happened just now? Why did Su Yang and Hong Yu'er suddenly leave with that woman?" Sun Jingjing was the first to break the silence.

"I see… I understand what's going on…" Xie Wang suddenly descended from the sky.

"Grandfather! What do you know?!" Xie Xingfang asked him with an anxious voice.

"That woman… she's most likely someone from the Holy Central Continent, and she's probably also Su Yang and Hong Yu'er's master." Xie Wang explained his thoughts. "That's the only logical explanation to her otherworldly presence and why they followed her without any questions."

"Su Yang's master?! That woman?!" Sun Jingjing was dumbfounded.

"I have long suspected that he had a hidden Master teaching him, but to think that Master would be so…" Lord Xie sighed. Even he was lost for words by her majestic presence and otherworldly beauty.

"Since she's his Master, I don't have to worry about it too much." Liu Lanzhi sighed in relief.

"Anyway, now that Su Yang is gone, who will give the speech?" Lord Xie looked at the Profound Blossom Sect.

"I will do it…" Liu Lanzhi said and stepped forward.

"I apologize for the disturbance just now. Apparently Su Yang's Master had come to pick him up for some reason." Liu Lanzhi said to the audience.

"So that was his Master! No wonder why he's so powerful! To have such a beautiful and powerful Master, just how lucky is this bastard?!"

"Since Hong Yu'er also followed them, she's probably Hong Yu'er's Master, too."

A few moments later, Liu Lanzhi continued, "The Profound Blossom Sect… despite our difficult situation, we somehow managed to win the Regional Tournament."

"Some of you may think that I had something to do with our victory, but that is wrong, as it was my disciples that made it all happen, especially Su Yang, who personally trained these disciples all by himself for the last few months. If not for him, I doubt we would've won today."

"What? That young man trained all of these disciples by himself? How is that even possible?"

The audience was in shock.

"Su Yang had told me that he would be training the new disciples as well, so in a few months, the Profound Blossom Sect will be conducting its entrance exam for new disciples."

"Furthermore, the Profound Blossom Sect will undergo an unprecedented change starting today, as we will no longer be focused solely on dual cultivation so that even those who do not wish to practice dual cultivation may join."

"What?!" The Profound Blossom Sect disciples looked at Liu Lanzhi with wide eyes, as this is their first time hearing this information.

"Of course, if you wish to practice dual cultivation instead, you are free to do so."

Liu Lanzhi continued to speak, using this chance to advertise the Profound Blossom Sect's desire for new disciples before millions of people.

"That is all I have to say today. If you wish to know more, please visit the Profound Blossom Sect at any time."

Once Liu Lanzhi stopped talking, the audience exploded with cheering and excitement.

"After seeing what the Profound Blossom Sect is capable of, I will surely take the entrance exam!"

"I also want to join the Profound Blossom Sect!"

The crowd expressed their desire to join the Profound Blossom Sect openly, causing Liu Lanzhi to smile.

"Unbelievable. To think you would use your victory speech as an advertisement for your sect." Lord Xie laughed.

"W-Was I not supposed to?" Liu Lanzhi began sweating profusely.

"Hahaha! You can say whatever you want, since you have earned that right!" Lord Xie said.

"Anyway, this is the end of the regional tournament. Thank you all for coming here, especially the participants. But before we all disperse, I will dispute the rewards for those in the top ten."

Thus, the top ten sects all lined up before Lord Xie as he handed out the rewards.