Chapter 438 Firefly Tribe

A hundred miles away from the Boar Tribe was the Firefly Tribe.

Compared to the Boar Tribe’s large population, the Firefly Tribe’s settlement is a relatively small tribe with only a few thousand meters in size and less than one hundred people in the tribe, and they are ranked 364 amongst the thousands of small tribes within the Southern Region.

"Chief Qin! What brings the Chief of the Boar Tribe to visit this humble place?"

A middle-aged man at the peak of Earth Spirit Realm greeted them by the entrance.

"Hello, Chief Li. It’s been a while since we last met. I have these Esteemed Guests with me today that wish to learn more about the Mirror of Darkness, but my Boar Tribe was unable to provide such information, so we came here wondering if the Firefly Tribe can assist us." Chief Qin said to him with a friendly smile.

"Esteemed Guests...?"

Chief Li looked at the extremely handsome young man and a beautiful young lady standing behind Chief Qin. It only took him a single glance to recognize the splendor and pride within their aloof aura, almost like he was looking at royalty.

"We won’t be here for long, so you don’t have to worry about being bothered." Su Yang said to him with a smile.

"Nonsense! There’s no way we could be bothered by the Boar Tribe’s Esteemed Guests! It’s an honor to have you here at the Firefly Tribe! Even if you wish to stay here forever, we would have no complaints! Hahaha!" Chief Li spoke with laughter.

The Boar Tribe was ranked 3rd out of the 18 major tribes whilst their Firefly Tribe was only ranked 364. Even if a mere servant from the Boar Tribe arrives, the Firefly Tribe must treat them as though they are Esteemed Guests, much less the Chief of the Boar Tribe and people who they consider as ’Esteemed Guests’.

"Please, follow me to the library. All of our scrolls are being stored there."

Chief Li then led the three of them to one of the huts.

"Who are those two behind Chief Qin?" Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Their skin is so pure and white... I have never seen anything like that before..."

Once Su Yang and Tang Lingxi entered the Firefly Tribe, their unique appearance and beauty quickly attracted the attention of the tribe members there. It was almost like seeing the moon for the first time for them.

The men in the tribe stared at Tang Lingxi’s beautiful face and charming figure, whilst the females there stared at Su Yang’s handsome face and charismatic aura, feeling like they were captivated by their appearance and aura.

"Although it’s quite small, this is our humble library. Please, take all the time you need inside." Chief Li said to them.

"Thank you." Su Yang said to him before entering the hut with Tang Lingxi.

After they were gone, Chief Li approached Chief Qin and spoke, "Chief Qin, can I ask you about something?"

"What is it?" she raised an eyebrow.

"Is it true that the Goddess from the legends has returned to the Southern Region? The one that supposedly killed the Great Calamity? I also heard that she’s staying at your Boar Tribe."

Hearing his words, Chief Qin lifted her chest in a prideful manner and smiled, "That’s right, the Goddess was with us until just recently. But how did you know? She arrived very recently."

"Word travels around fast when it involves the Lion Tribe, after all." Chief Li sighed. "I’m glad the Boar Tribe hasn’t succumbed to their greed yet. They have been going on a rampage lately, raiding one tribe nearly every single day."

"They have always been an ambitious group, but they never got out of hand. However, ever since they got friendly with the Dragon Tribe, they have been going out of control, like a group of bandits."

Chief Li then continued, "Chief Qin, do you think you could possibly ask the Goddess to help us deal with the Lion Tribe? At this rate, I’m afraid that even more tribes will be destroyed by their hands."

"..."

Qin Liangyu did not immediately respond and turned quiet.

A moment later, she spoke, "It is true that the Lion Tribe has been getting out of hand lately, but I don’t think it’s a good idea to involve the Goddess in our worldly affairs. That’s akin to asking an elephant to crack an egg for us."

"Hmm... I understand where Chief Qin is coming from, but the Lion Tribe is almost unstoppable right now. Unless all of the tribes come together to deal with them, we won’t be able to defeat them, and you should know how difficult that would be."

"I know... but still... I cannot just ask the Goddess for a favor like this, right? There’s also the chance that she might not want to be bothered with these kinds of worldly matters. We cannot afford to offend her."

After a moment of awkward silence, Chief Li spoke, "What about those two inside the library? I can feel the profoundness in their aura. They must have a powerful background. What if we ask them to help us? Of course, we won’t ask them to help for free."

"That’s..." Qin Liangyu frowned.

Although approaching Su Yang for help would definitely be easier to manage than approaching the Goddess, she felt that it wouldn’t be right for them to ask for help when they barely just met.

However, they won’t be able to stop the Lion Tribe’s madness if they don’t ask for help, as it was impossible for the tribes to come together even if they may perish due to their disdain for each other.

"Okay... I will ask them later." Qin Liangyu nodded after considering it for some time.

"That’s great! Then I will leave everything to you, Chief Qin! And if you ever need help, you can come straight to the Firefly Tribe. While we may not be able to do much, we will do everything in our power to stop the Lion Tribe from domination."