Chapter 440 It Would Be a Waste to Kill Her

"I understand the situation and can see why you are feeling troubled," said Su Yang a few moments later, and he looked at Qin Liangyu with a serious expression.

"Of course, I am willing to help you with your troubles. However, exactly how do you want us to help you deal with the Lion Tribe? Do you want me to ask the Lion Tribe to stop terrorizing the other tribes peacefully, or would you rather I slaughter everyone from the Lion Tribe so that they will never be able to harm another tribe ever again?"

Su Yang spoke with a grim light in his eyes, his gaze on Qin Liangyu as sharp as swords.

"T-That’s..." Qin Liangyu was taken aback by his response and became speechless.

After a moment of silence, she managed to force a few words out of her throat and spoke, "I-I will believe in Senior Su’s judgment. Whatever you decide to do, I will support it unconditionally."

Hearing her words, Su Yang showed a smile and turned to look at Tang Lingxi.

"What do you think? How should we deal with this Lion Tribe?" he asked for her suggestion.

"If it were up to me, I would simply slaughter all of them, as that would be the most efficient and easiest method," said Tang Lingxi with a nonchalant expression, almost like she could take away lives without blinking her eyes.

"However, she requested for your help, and you are also the one who decided to help her, so the choice is yours ultimately."

Su Yang nodded and turned to Qin Liangyu to ask, "What is the extent of their prowess? Do they have any Sovereign Spirit Realm experts?"

Qin Liangyu quickly shook her head and spoke, "The Lion Tribe has 7 Heavenly Spirit Realm Warriors and around 30 Earth Spirit Realm Warriors."

Su Yang closed his eyes to ponder.

Although their numbers are not as large as even an ordinary Sect within the Eastern Continent, they make up for that number by having a large number of powerful Cultivators. Hell, not even Elite Sects would have so many Heavenly Spirit Realm experts.

A moment later, he opened his eyes and spoke, "I understand. However, before I help you with the Lion Tribe, I want to see why they are doing what they are doing. I want to know the reason for their terrorizing acts."

"You wish to go to the Lion Tribe?" Qin Liangyu looked at him with a surprised face.

Su Yang nodded. "Can you lead the way?"

"Un... I will bring you there." Qin Liangyu nodded.

A few days later, Qin Liangyu brought Su Yang and Tang Lingxi to the Lion Tribe.

"There’s almost nobody here." Tang Lingxi said after sensing only a few individuals within the settlement. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Where could they have gone?" Qin Liangyu could feel an ominous feeling looming in the air when she sensed the heavy atmosphere in the area. It was almost like she’d walked into an invisible battlefield.

"Who are you? And what business do you have here at the Lion Tribe?" One of the people inside the settlement finally noticed them and approached the gate.

Qin Liangyu looked at Su Yang, as she did not want to reveal her identity right before the enemy’s base, especially when the Lion Tribe wanted to destroy their tribe. That would be akin to wrapping yourself as a present and sending it directly to the enemy’s front door and telling them to kill her.

"My name is Su Yang, a wandering traveler. I have some business with your Chief. Is he here right now?"

"..."

The guard looked up and down at Su Yang and inwardly snorted in disdain after seeing his handsome appearance.

"The Chief is not here right now. You can come back later."

"Oh? Where did he go, then? I have urgent matters with him, so I don’t mind going to him." Su Yang said with a calm expression.

"Sorry, but the Chief won’t be able to speak with you even if you find him. After all, he’s..."

"H-Hey! That’s Qin Liangyu, the Chief of the Boar Tribe! What is she doing here?!"

Before the guard could even finish his words, another guard approached them and revealed Qin Liangyu’s identity.

"What?! The Boar Tribe’s Chief?!" The other guard immediately raised the spear in his grasp and pointed it at her.

A few moments later, a few more guards appeared, and they all stared at Qin Liangyu as though she was a rabbit on the verge of being hunted.

"Hahaha! Who could’ve expected that the Chief of the Boar Tribe would willingly come to our base?! She simply doesn’t want to live!"

"Capture her! Once the Chief comes back, he will surely be ecstatic to see her in our grasp!"

Seven people from the Lion Tribe immediately surrounded Qin Liangyu and the group.

"Hey, who are these two? And what should we do with them?" One of them spoke as he looked at Su Yang and Tang Lingxi.

"I don’t care who they are, but if they are with the Boar Tribe, kill them! However, leave that pale beauty alive! I have never seen someone as beautiful as her before! It would be a waste to kill someone like her without having some fun with her first!"

The guards salivated just from imagining their hands touching Tang Lingxi’s smooth-looking skin. They simply cannot wait to have a taste of her body.

"How troublesome..." Su Yang mumbled in a calm voice, clearly unfazed by their situation.

"What should we do now, Senior Su?" Qin Liangyu asked him as she subtly closed their distance.

"You can start by closing your eyes." Su Yang said to her.

"Huh?" Qin Liangyu looked at him with a puzzled expression.

However, before she could even react, a dreadful aura surged from Tang Lingxi’s body, causing the atmosphere there to turn heavy.

"A bunch of lowly savages that are not even worthy to glance at me dares to have such vulgar thoughts of me...?" Tang Lingxi mumbled in a cold voice, her expression grim.

"Come with me." Su Yang suddenly grabbed Qin Liangyu by the waist and jumped away to distance himself from Tang Lingxi.

"W-What’s happening, Senior Su?!" Qin Liangyu asked him in an anxious voice.

"Well... it’s going to get a little bit bloody here." Su Yang said.

Immediately after he said those words, Tang Lingxi moved.