Chapter 443 The Goddess Has Returned!

"Wait a moment... that dagger in your hands..." Chief Shi suddenly noticed the domineering aura coming from the Black Scorpion in Su Yang’s grasp.

"You also have a Heaven-grade Spiritual Weapon?"

"If some loser like you can have one, why wouldn’t I also have one?" Su Yang said.

"Hahaha! Although it surprised me a little bit, it will not change the results of this fight! Even if you have a Heaven-grade Spiritual Weapon, you will not be able to defeat me! The disparity is simply too big between us! However, if you give me that weapon and walk away from this place right now, I can spare your life," said Chief Shi.

However, Su Yang merely smiled and said, "I have to agree with you on one thing — that the disparity between us is too big."

He then pointed the Black Scorpion at Chief Shi and continued, "Even though you are at the peak of the Heavenly Spirit Realm, you had only achieved that power from eating spiritual meat your entire life. It’s like a skinny man stuffing himself until he is fat and then gain some strength due to his extra weight — it’s not true strength."

"Meanwhile, I cultivated one of the strongest cultivation techniques under the heavens, allowing me to have an extremely pure and rich spiritual energy. In fact, compared to the Heavenly Spirit Realm Cultivators in the Eastern Continent, you are barely stronger than those at the early stages of the Heavenly Spirit Realm whilst being at the peak of the Heavenly Spirit Realm. It’s actually quite laughable how arrogant you are despite being so weak."

"Y-You little fucker...!" Chief Shi’s face flushed with redness and covered in bulging veins by the time Su Yang was finished insulting him, his body shaking from rage. He has never been insulted in such a manner before, and by a junior no less.

"If I don’t cut you up and feed you to the dogs, I will not be Chief of the Lion Tribe! Die!" Chief Shi suddenly rushed at Su Yang with the Black Dragon Axe glowing a dangerous light.

However, before he could even take two steps, Chief Shi suddenly stopped moving and began trembling in fear, almost like he was afraid to move.

"Hm?"

Seeing his strange behavior, Su Yang raised an eyebrow, and then he looked up at the sky, where two figures were staring at them in the air above them. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

It was Qiuyue and Chief Long.

"G-Goddess!"

"It’s the Goddess! She has returned!"

When the people in the Boar Tribe noticed Qiuyue’s presence, be it the people from the Boar Tribe or the Lion Tribe, all of them stopped fighting and bowed to her.

The entire place turned dead silent almost instantly after her arrival. Nobody there dared to speak and waited for Qiuyue to speak first.

"What are you going to do about this, Goddess?" Chief Long asked her.

Qiuyue glanced at Su Yang before looking at Chief Long and said, "I have already told you that whatever happens between the tribes is none of my business or concern, so I will not intervene."

"I see..." Chief Long sighed in relief after hearing Qiuyue’s words.

But when the people from the Boar Tribe heard her words, despair appeared on all of their faces, almost like they were abandoned by their God.

"No way..." Even Qin Liangyu couldn’t believe her ears, and she turned to look at Su Yang, who remained nonchalant.

"Hahaha! Did you hear that, you guys?! The Goddess will not interfere with us, so we can go all out!" Chief Shi shouted out loud, and the people from the Lion Tribe roared with excitement.

"Qin Liangyu! I will give you one last chance before I destroy your tribe! If you obediently come with me and become my woman, I will leave the Boar Tribe only half-destroyed! But if you refuse, I will not only completely destroy this place and kill everyone here but I will also destroy you — mentally and physically! Ahahaha!"

"..."

Qin Liangyu bit her lips until it bled, feeling absolutely powerless in this situation.

"What about you, Su Yang?"

In the midst of the noise from the Lion Tribe, Qiuyue suddenly continued speaking.

"What are you going to do?" she asked him.

"Do I really need to answer that question?" Su Yang smiled.

A smile also appeared on Qiuyue’s face, "Then do you want some help?"

"No need. I can deal with something like this all by myself."

"W-What is going on here?" Chief Long watched the developing situation with a puzzled expression.

"Hey, Axe Boy, before I decide whether I should kill all of you or spare your lives, why don’t you tell me your reason for invading the other tribes?" Su Yang asked him.

"Reason...?" Chief Shi raised his eyebrows. "I have a few that come to mind, such as wanting to dominate the Southern Region, or wanting the Lion Tribe to become the strongest tribe out there. However, if I have to pick one reason that truly matters... that would be... because I love to destroy things! Hahaha!"

"..."

"Then what about you guys from the Lion Tribe? Are you also doing this simply because you want to destroy things?" Su Yang then asked them.

"Of course! Why else would we be doing this?!" All of them roared with enthusiasm.

"I see..." Su Yang closed his eyes and took a deep breath.

When he opened his eyes a moment later, they flickered with killing intent, and his body surged with a powerful aura that was filled with the feeling of dread.

’W-What is this aura that’s coming from him?!’ Chief Shi could feel a dangerous feeling coming from Su Yang, and his instincts told him to turn around and run away.

"Hey, what are you waiting for?" Su Yang suddenly said to him in a calm voice that did not match the killing intent in his eyes.

"I have been waiting for you to display your strongest attack this entire time. How long are you going to keep me waiting? If you don’t attack me before I kill you, it’ll look like I am bullying the weak and powerless."

"Y-You...! Since you want to die so much, I will gladly fulfill your wish!" Chief Shi roared with all of his might, and his aura surged with a tyrannical power, making it seem like his body grew in size.

"Taste my Black Dragon Axe, you insignificant little bastard!" Chief Shi shouted as he pounced at Su Yang.