Chapter 457 He Also Screwed My Wife!

After learning that the love of his life had chosen another man that was not himself, Lebao’s heart was filled with bitterness and rage.

"Who?! Which bastard dares to steal my woman?! If you are a real man, show your face right now!" Lebao roared in a rage-induced voice, causing the tribesmen around him to run away out of fear.

"Watch your mouth, Lebao! I will not tolerate your vile behavior towards him!" Qin Liangyu became angry and yelled at him for the first time in her life.

Lebao was stunned by Qin Liangyu’s reaction, as he has never seen her react so fiercely. He has served her father all his life, and he’d been there to support Qin Liangyu all her life too, so he had plenty of opportunity to reveal his feelings for her. However, before he could do such a thing, the love of his life was taken by someone else, hence the violent reaction that was mostly fueled by his own regret and hatred for himself.

"Who is it? Who managed to sway your heart? I want a name!"

"That is none of your business, Lebao! Starting today, the Boar Tribe will be your only business!" Qin Liangyu spoke coldly.

"The position of Chief means nothing to me without you beside me, Chief Qin! Unless I see this man who qualifies more than me to be your partner, I will refuse the position of Chief!" Lebao continued to pressure her into telling her the identity of this mysterious individual she pledged to.

"Do we really have to do this, Lebao?" Qin Liangyu sighed.

"I will not be the Chief even if you kill me!" Lebao stood firm on his decision.

Right as Lebao finished his sentence, another voice resounded.

"You have something you want to say to me?"

When Lebao and the tribesmen heard this familiar voice, they immediately turned to look behind them, where a handsome young man with jadelike skin was approaching them.

"Y-You are...!"

Lebao’s eyes widened with disbelief when he saw Su Yang’s face.

"It can’t be...!"

Lebao immediately looked at Qin Liangyu and spoke loudly, "Is it him?!"

Qin Liangyu did not say a word and merely nodded her head.

"..."

Lebao’s body swayed backward after seeing her confirmation.

"I don’t get it! Even though he’s certainly stronger and better-looking than me, the two of you only recently met! How could you choose someone you’ve just met over me, who you’ve spent the majority of your life with?!"

"I don’t get it too, but that’s just love. It’s completely unpredictable and sudden, almost like a shooting star." Qin Liangyu spoke in a low voice, her eyes filled with wonder.

When Lebao saw the emotion in her eyes, all of his strength left his body, causing him to fall to his knees.

"..."

Seeing Lebao like this, Qin Liangyu felt sorry for him, but there was nothing she could do, as her love had chosen someone else.

Even Su Yang felt a little bit bad for Lebao, but alas, it was not as though he could transfer the feelings Qin Liangyu has for him to Lebao. And this is not his first time being in this kind of situation. In fact, he has been in similar situations countless times in the past, where others’ sweethearts would go with him instead of them.

This is probably why he has so many enemies in the Four Divine Heavens and why many people wanted him dead when he hasn’t purposefully offended most of them.

A few moments later, Lebao stood up and approached Su Yang.

"What are you trying to do, Lebao?!" Qin Liangyu instantly worried that Lebao might try to harm Su Yang due to jealousy.

However, Lebao stopped a few meters away from him and looked at him with a serious expression.

"Although I am eternally grateful to you for saving the Boar Tribe and my life, I simply cannot sit around and do nothing! Please, have a match with me! If you win, I will let you take Chief Qin without any more fuss, but if you lose, I want you to leave her alone!"

The tribesmen looked at Lebao as though he’d gone crazy from jealousy and became a nutjob. There was simply no way that he would win against Su Yang, who single-handedly defeated Chief Long and Chief Shi!

Even if Su Yang was injured from the fight, there was still zero chance that Lebao could defeat him, so why would he make such a reckless request?

It was as clear as day to them what the results were before the fight is even close to starting. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

However, to everybody’s surprise, Su Yang refused to fight with Lebao.

"Why did you refuse? It’s obvious that I cannot defeat you." Lebao asked him with a puzzled frown.

"Because no matter the outcome, the results won’t change." Su Yang spoke in a calm voice.

"Even if you somehow manage to defeat me and I leave her alone, will that really change anything? Whether I win or lose, she will still follow me. And I simply do not like to waste my effort on pointless things."

"Pointless, you say?! This is very important to me!" Lebao roared.

"There are things in life you cannot get no matter how much you want them, and you have to accept this fact."

Su Yang then turned around and began walking away.

"Liangyu, I am returning to the flying ship now. We will be leaving shortly, so this is your last chance to decide whether you truly want to follow me or not."

"I also left behind a few things in the hut for the Boar Tribe. It’s my gratitude for your hospitality as well as your company for thirty-two of you. I hope you like it."

After saying those words, Su Yang casually walked out of the settlement and disappeared into the distance.

"W-What does he mean by ’follow him’?" Lebao looked at Qin Liangyu with a perplexed expression, as he already has an answer in mind.

"I will be leaving the Boar Tribe as of today to follow him. This is another reason why I cannot be with you, Lebao." Qin Liangyu said to him with an apologetic smile.

"I am sure that you will find someone else who you’ll treasure more than me, Lebao. And I will leave the Boar Tribe in your hands."

"This is too sudden! Will you ever come back?!" Lebao asked her with tears in his eyes.

Qin Liangyu gently shook her head.

"I don’t know. I will be going wherever he takes me, after all."

"Thank you all for all you’ve done to me. I will never forget it! Goodbye!"

Qin Liangyu turned around and ran outside the settlement to follow Su Yang’s steps before anyone could say anything, leaving the Boar Tribe completely dumbfounded and speechless.

Many moments later, one of the tribesmen approached Lebao and spoke in a low voice, "Don’t worry, Chief Lebao, you are not alone. I know your feeling."

"What do you know?! You are happily married! Don’t act as though you understand my feelings!" Lebao roared back.

However, the man merely smiled bitterly and continued, "I know, Lebao. I know... because he also screwed my wife yesterday."

"W-What did you just say?" Lebao looked at the man with wide eyes.

And before the man could reply, another man approached them and said, "He also screwed my wife! She said that he needed help with an injury after the fight, so I gave her my approval. However, I did not expect that helping him would require my wife to fuck him! She returned half a day later, looking like she ran around the world without rest!"

Another man appeared and said, "My wife told me the truth, but I approved regardless, since I see it as an honor for my wife to be screwed by someone like the Savior. Maybe you should also consider it as such."

The others looked at him with a frown and shouted, "Are you crazy, you damn cuck?!"

A few moments later, Lebao sighed and said, "Anyway, Chief Qin is gone, and she appointed me as the Chief before leaving. Even if I don’t want this position, the Boar Tribe needs a leader. Just so we are clear, I am not doing this for Chief Qin but for all of you!"

Meanwhile, Qin Liangyu just caught up with Su Yang.

"Have you said your goodbyes?" He asked her.

"Un." Qin Liangyu nodded, and the two of them slowly returned to the flying ship, where Tang Lingxi and Qiuyue were waiting.