Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 479 Wang Shuren“s Special Training

After Wang Shuren delivered the ingredients to him, Su Yang surrounded the cauldron with alchemy flames, quickly heating up the entire thing.

’No matter how many times I see this, his techniques and precision with the temperature astonishes me. Was he an Alchemy Master in his previous life, too...?’ Wang Shuren pondered to herself as she was quickly mesmerized by the beautiful dancing flames before her.

In her eyes, it was as though the flames had come to life, and they were all dancing to the same music, almost as though they were creating a performance for its spectators, who was Wang Shuren.

A few minutes later, once the cauldron was hot enough, Su Yang tossed the ingredients inside and closed the lid.

"Watch carefully," Su Yang suddenly said to her.

Wang Shuren nodded with a serious expression and stared at the cauldron with narrowed eyes.

Although the cauldron was closed and had no openings, Wang Shuren was able to see the insides of the cauldron and everything that was happening inside the cauldron within her head.

Some of the ingredients were burned viciously until only its purest substance remained, and some ingredients were burned completely, turning it into smoke. However, since the smoke could not escape the cauldron, it began to combine with the other ingredients, becoming something entirely different.

And within mere minutes, after all of the ingredients were mixed, it quickly formed the shape of a pill.

Wang Shuren watched everything that happened inside the cauldron with wide eyes. She has never seen anyone concoct a pill with such accuracy and speed — not even from Su Yang before. It was almost as though she was watching a miracle happening before her eyes.

A few moments later, Su Yang opened the cauldron and retrieved the golden pill that was born inside.

"This is a flawless quality Heaven Transcendence Pill." Su Yang spoke with a calm expression, acting as though he’d done something very normal.

"Since it’s of flawless quality, if you consume that pill once you reach the peak of the Earth Spirit Realm, you will immediately enter the Heavenly Spirit Realm with ease. Of course, you will not be able to concoct these pills at flawless quality immediately, so they won’t all be as effective."

"Anyway, did you grasp my technique even slightly? I purposefully moved slower so that you can see it properly." He asked her.

"Although I don’t understand it now, I will eventually comprehend the technique, as I have imprinted every movement you made into my soul." Wang Shuren spoke with a serious expression.

Su Yang nodded and said, "Good, then you will start concocting pills with this technique starting today. You will burn a few hundred — even thousands of pills during your practice, but once you understand the technique, your alchemy skills will reach a whole new level — a level that cannot be reached by anyone else in this world."

Wang Shuren nodded and said, "Then I will immediately begin to concoct pills!"

However, Su Yang quickly said, "Who said you are allowed to concoct pills now?"

"Eh?" She looked at him with a puzzled face.

"Strip." He suddenly said, dumbfounding her even more.

"We are going to cultivate now. Once you are exhausted, you can start practicing."

"Eh?!?!" Wang Shuren’s face expressed shock upon hearing his words. "If I practice after I am exhausted, won’t it become much harder for me to learn?"

"Of course, you will not be able to learn as fast in the beginning. However, if we use this method to train you, your spiritual energy will increase significantly, and once you are used to concocting pills under stress, you will be able to concoct pills with ease when you are under no stress, and your techniques will rise to a new level." Su Yang explained to her.

"I see..." Wang Shuren nodded as though she understood his method of training.

A few moments later, Wang Shuren removed her clothes and revealed to him her mature and fully ripened body.

Her stature was tall, and her figure resembled that of an hourglass. Her ample breasts and abundantly round buttocks are powerful enough to charm most men under the heavens even when it’s covered by clothes, so one can imagine the destructive nature it has when they are completely uncovered and bare.

"Concocting that the Heaven Transcendence Pill consumed half of my Profound Qi just now, and I have given that pill to you, so I will have that body compensate me for my lost, Shuren." Su Yang approached her with a smile.

"Are we going to do it here? This is not a suitable environment for such actions, and there’s not even a bed here." She said to him.

"Don’t worry about the bed, I have already prepared one for us." Su Yang then retrieved his storage ring and pulled out an entire king-sized bed from within, shocking Wang Shuren.

"Y-You carry a bed around with you?"

"In my previous life, I would have an entire storage ring dedicated to carrying only beds, so I had thousands of unique beds prepared for every possible situation." Su Yang said to her in an oddly prideful-sounding tone.

Sometime later, Wang Shuren and Su Yang began cultivating on the bed.

As expected, Wang Shuren immediately began moaning loudly, filling the room with passionate cries. And as Su Yang smashed Wang Shuren’s hole with his hard rod, her body would shake violently, causing her large yet firm breasts to jiggle.

After spending many minutes dual cultivating, when Wang Shuren is finally completely exhausted, Su Yang made her practice his alchemy technique by concocting pills.

’Forget about concocting pills in this state, I cannot even lift my arms properly!’ Wang Shuren cried inwardly, feeling as though she’d just woken up from a thousand-years nap. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Furthermore, every inch of her body was extremely sensitive at this moment, so even a single drop of sweat sliding down her skin would cause her body to react, making it nearly impossible for her to concentrate on the cauldron when she begins sweating during the pill concoction.

"Welcome to my Heaven and Hell Experience, Shuren." Su Yang said to her with a sadistic smile on his face. "Whenever I am training you, you will not be allowed to concoct pills unless you are reduced to this state."