Chapter 495 Exclusive Pleasure Toy

After witnessing Su Yang transform into the Heavenly Emperor, the Senior who'd killed the previous Sect Master and saved the Profound Blossom Sect from the Million Snakes Sect, Liu Lanzhi's eyes widened with shock. However, the shock in her eyes only lasted for a moment, almost as though she already knew the truth.

"You… are not as surprised as I thought you would be," said Su Yang in his real voice.

Liu Lanzhi rubbed her temples and spoke in a sighing voice, "I had my suspicions."

"Oh? So you already knew? What gave it away?"

"I only had a small feeling at first, but after seeing your real cultivation base at the Heavenly Spirit Realm, that feeling got even stronger. However, the biggest giveaway is that." Liu Lanzhi pointed at his crotch and continued, "Even if you tried to hide your experience and abilities, it is not easy to get rid of habits. After cultivating with you multiple times, it became clear to me that your techniques were similar..."

"After all, while not everyone can be as good as you, you can certainly be as good as everyone else."

After hearing Liu Lanzhi's explanation, Su Yang showed a smile and returned to his original appearance.

"You must have a lot of questions for me. I am here today to answer them."

"..."

After a moment of silence, Liu Lanzhi spoke, "Why… Why did you kill the previous Sect Master, Li Qiang?"

"Because he made my woman cry," he responded with a calm expression.

"What…?"

"He pressured Elder Lan at that time to find a cultivation partner, even threatening her with force, so I killed him to get rid of her worries. If you want more details, you can ask Liqing yourself."

"I see…"

After taking a moment to digest the information, Liu Lanzhi continued to ask him, "I understand why you felt the need to disguise yourself, but why did it take you this long to tell me the truth? Even if you'd told me the truth after the incident with the Million Snakes Sect, I would still have sided with you."

"To tell you the truth, I kind of forgot about it ever since the incident with the Million Snakes Sect, as it was not a matter of any significance to me."

"Not important, you say? Do you have any idea how much it meant to me?!" Liu Lanzhi suddenly raised her voice. "I had actually fallen in love with your fake identity at one point, you know?! Do you have any idea the pain I experienced after you left?"

Su Yang did not look away from her angry expression and spoke with a serious face, "I have no excuse to make. I am sorry. If there's anything I can do to make it up to you, just say it."

"I'm glad you said that, Su Yang, because I am going to make you pay for your little stunt!" Liu Lanzhi then stood up and grabbed him by the collar, before tossing him at the bed behind her.

Once Su Yang was laying on the bed, Liu Lanzhi quickly entered the bed and sat directly on his crotch area.

"This is…?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows, seemingly puzzled by her actions.

"As punishment for playing with my heart, for the next three days, you are going to be my exclusive pleasure toy! And you are not going to leave this bed until then!" she said while licking her red lips.

"Fortunately for you, the disciples' recruitment is next week, or the three days would've been an entire week!"

Seemingly baffled by her 'punishment', Su Yang spoke, "Are you sure? What about the guests waiting outside? Don't you have to receive them?"

"The other Sect Elders are there. They will have to handle the guests without me for the time being."

Hearing her words, Su Yang showed a defeated smile and said, "Do whatever you want."

"You don't have to tell me!" Liu Lanzhi said with a smile before ripping his clothes off his body.

Seeing Su Yang's peerless body, Liu Lanzhi's eyes flickered with excitement, and she began licking and kissing his entire body.

From his lips to his toes, Liu Lanzhi's mouth savored every inch on his body, leaving no spot left untouched.

"You know what I just realized, Su Yang?" Liu Lanzhi suddenly said while her fingers teased his little brother. "I have never seen you exhausted."

And she continued, "However, I am going to change that within these three days. I am going to suck you dry!"

"Is that so… Good luck, then." Su Yang said with a calm smile on his face.

"I will say the same to you!"

After saying those words, Liu Lanzhi kissed his little brother and began licking it. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

A few minutes later, she opened her mouth wide and swallowed the entire thing in one go.

"Mmmm…"

Wet noise filled the room as Liu Lanzhi gave Su Yang an extended fellatio that lasted for nearly an hour.

"Are you holding back your Yang Qi? That's not exactly healthy, you know." Liu Lanzhi said to him at the end.

Su Yang smiled and said, "If you think you can make me tired just by squeezing my Yang Qi out, you are gravely underestimating my abilities."

"Oh? Then how about we play a little game? If you can release your Yang Qi 50 times and still have the energy to continue, then I will consider it my loss. If you win before the three days come to an end, you can leave the bed or… you can do whatever you want to my body until the end."

Su Yang chuckled and said, "Only 50 times? Let's make it 100 times. And I don't need three days. I will release my Yang Qi 100 times by the end of today, and if I cannot achieve that, I will do whatever you want me to do for the rest of the month no questions asked."

"100 times in one day…? That's a bit too much even for you…" Liu Lanzhi looked at him with a baffled face.

And then she continued with a wide grin on her face, "However, since you have already mentioned it, you cannot go back on your words now! Once I win, I will surely make you regret acting so arrogant!"