Chapter 499 High Profile Spectators

Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"First and foremost, allow me to remind you all of the requirements for the examination," Su Yang spoke as he calmly gazed at the thousands of people before him.

"One, you are not required to be a Cultivator to partake in the exam. Two, you must not be over the age limit of 24. And lastly, there are four separate examinations you must pass before you are accepted as a disciple for the Profound Blossom Sect."

As Su Yang explained the rules to the crowd, a few figures with overwhelming presences appeared one after another.

When the people there realized who these people were, they were greatly surprised.

"That’s Wang Shuren from the Burning Lotus Sect! What’s someone like her doing here at the Profound Blossom Sect’s disciple recruitment?"

"Look over there! The Heavenly Swan Sect’s Master, Bai Lihua, is also here!"

"Huh?! Even the Divine Sword Sect’s Master has appeared! What are all of these high profile individuals doing at a mere examination for another Sect?!"

However, the most surprising person to have appeared there was no doubt a veiled individual with a womanly figure wearing luxurious clothes.

"T-That can’t be..."

"Impossible! What’s she doing all the way over here?!"

Although one cannot recognize her identity by her appearance, the guards standing around her easily gave away her identity, as they were wearing armor that belonged to the Xie Family!

"Your Highness!"

The people there immediately lowered their heads and bowed to Xie Xingfang.

"Please, don’t mind me. I am only here to watch the examination." Xie Xingfang waved her hands.

Thus, Wang Shuren, Bai Lihua, Divine Sword Master Zhong, and Xie Xingfang began watching the examination from a distance. However, their presence there was simply too overwhelming, causing the participants to become even more nervous.

Not only do they have to worry about passing the examination but they also have to mind these immense figures watching them now.

"Su Yang..." Fang Zhelan looked at him with a worried gaze, as she didn’t expect all these important people to come watch their examination.

However, Su Yang merely spoke with a smile, "Ignore them. If they want to watch, let them enjoy the show."

After saying those words, he continued to speak to the people, "I’m sure that most of you here have already heard this before coming here, but I am going to repeat for those who aren’t aware of this change. The Profound Blossom Sect will have two separate departments — one for those who wish to cultivate normally and one for those who wish to practice dual cultivation."

"Each department will have different techniques, benefits, and talents, but at the end of the day, you are all disciples of the same Sect, and I want you to keep that in mind for as long as you are a disciple here."

"Now for the last thing before we start the examination."

Su Yang swept his gaze across the crowd, causing them to tremble with awe, and he said, "There are tens of thousands of people here today, and there will be even more later, but as of right now, the Profound Blossom Sect will only accept a maximum of 500 disciples for the normal department and 500 disciples for the dual cultivation department, so only 1,000 of you here will be accepted as a disciple. Of course, our standards are different than before, so there might not even be 1,000 people who will become disciples."

When the crowd heard that, their eyes widened with shock.

One would expect the Profound Blossom Sect to accept as many disciples as possible because of the Sect’s current situation, which was their lack of disciples.

Of course, 1,000 disciples is not a small number of disciples to be accepted in one day, but as an entire Sect, especially one that’s currently the number one sect in the continent, 1,000 disciples is almost nothing.

The Divine Sword Sect for example, despite accepting less than 100 disciples every month, they have over 50,000 active disciples in their sect.

Even the Burning Lotus Sect and the Heavenly Swan Sect has over 20,000 disciples, so for the Profound Blossom Sect to have only 1,000 disciples, it was pathetically low.

A few moments later, Su Yang continued, "Now with that all out of the way, let us begin the Profound Blossom Sect’s annual recruitment, which will last for a total of 7 days."

He then pointed at the background behind him and said, "Behind me is the examination area."

The people looked behind him, where four large arena were placed. The first stage had a Bone Age Totem and a Spiritual Totem placed. The second stage had a stand in the middle with a single red pill placed on the stand. The third stage had a large bowl of water placed in the middle. The fourth stage, however, was empty.

"As you can see, the first exam will test your age and cultivation. The second exam will test your Dao Heart. For the third exam, we will test your talent through your blood. As for the final exam, you will be sparing with one of our disciples. Of course, we do not expect any of you to defeat our disciples, so losing does not automatically make you fail."

When the people heard the exam they will be taking, they were slightly dumbfounded, as it was much simpler than they’d expected.

Normally, Sects would make the participants undergo harsh tests to test their limits with some even requiring them to fight beasts in the mountains for a few days, but compared to these methods of examination, the Profound Blossom Sect’s examination was incredibly simple, even easy.

However, since they will only be accepting 1,000 disciples at maximum, these examinations may only appear to be easy to fool the participants into lowering their guards.

"Now that I have explained everything to you, let’s finally begin the examination."

Su Yang then looked at Sun Jingjing, Fang Zhelan, and Lan Liqing.

When they saw him looking at them, they nodded their heads and began walking onto a stage.

Once they each stood on a stage, the examination officially began.