Chapter 501 Profound Blossom Sect“s Disciple Examination 2

"T-There must have been a mistake! This is a test of talent, right?! I have reached the True Spirit Realm at 20 years old! I am clearly not your average Cultivator!" Wei Lihuang refused to accept the results and refuted it.

"I’m sorry, but there is no mistake. Although your cultivation may be above average, we do not judge one’s talent just by their cultivation base." Su Liqing said to him.

When the spectators had realized that Wei Lihuang had failed the third exam, they were all dumbfounded.

"How did Wei Lihuang fail the talent test? He’s definitely a cultivation genius!"

"Nobody besides the Profound Blossom Sect knows how these exams truly work, so we might never find out."

"D-Damn it!" Wei Lihuang was fuming on the stage. However, as angry as he was feeling, he did not dare to do anything rash when there were multiple experts — including the Xie Family — watching everything.

A few moments later, he stomped out of the stage, disappearing from the examination area immediately afterward.

"Just what kind of water is in that bowl? It’s clearly not ordinary water." Bai Lihua asked out loud.

However, the other experts there shook their heads, as they had no idea.

A few minutes later, another individual managed to step onto the third stage, and he was a 17-year-old young man with his cultivation base only at the second level of the Elementary Spirit Realm.

"He’s already 17 years old, yet he’s only at the second level of the Elementary Spirit Realm. If even a genius like Wei Lihuang cannot pass the exam, there’s no way in hell this young man could possibly pass."

The people there have already decided in their mind that this young man would definitely fail the exam.

However, a few moments later, after the young man mixed his blood with the bowl of water, the spectators there were shocked to see the water turn into a pale red color for a few seconds before returning to a clear color!

"Congratulations, you have passed." Su Liqing said to him.

"What?! How did he pass the exam with that kind of cultivation base at his age?! There is something wrong here!"

Not just the spectators but even the young man himself looked dumbfounded by the results, as he had almost no hope of passing. "I-I passed...?" he mumbled to himself.

Su Liqing nodded with a smile and said, "Yes. You may head to the fourth stage for the final exam."

The young man nodded and approached the fourth stage, where Su Yang was casually standing there with his eyes closed.

Once the young man stood on the stage, Su Yang opened his eyes and said, "Lin Na, come spar with this young man."

"Eh? Me?"

Lin Na pointed at herself with a baffled face. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"I-I coming!"

She jumped onto the stage a few moments later.

"Limit yourself to the Elementary Spirit Realm, but fight him seriously," said Su Yang.

Lin Na nodded her head, and the two of them began fighting on the stage shortly after.

The fight lasted less than a minute, and as everyone there had expected, Lin Na won the fight effortlessly.

"What do you think?" Lin Na asked Su Yang after the fight ended.

Su Yang gazed at the young man for a moment before nodding, "You pass."

When the young man heard such words, his eyes flowed with tears, and he bowed to Su Yang, "Thank you, Sect Master! This disciple will not let the Sect down!"

"Take this and go home for now to prepare. Come back in 7 days, when the disciple examination is finished." Su Yang tossed him a badge that identified him as a disciple of the Profound Blossom Sect.

"Yes, Sect Master!" The young man bowed to him again before quickly leaving the stage.

However, as the young man tried to leave the area, he was surrounded by the spectators there.

"Congratulations, young man! What is your name?"

"Handsome brother, why don’t we celebrate your achievements in a restaurant?"

"I am the head of the Huang Family from Smoke City. If you need any help in the future, you may come to me for help!"

The young man was baffled to see people already kissing his ass before he could even wear the Profound Blossom Sect’s uniform. It was a feeling he has never experienced before.

"P-Please excuse me... I have to return to my family first..." The young man said before running away.

Meanwhile, when the other participants saw that someone had finally managed to pass the seemingly impossible exam, their enthusiasm soared and their hope was restored, as it was clear to them that it was really possible to pass the exam.

This was especially true for those participants that come from common families or have started late in the cultivation path. If a 17-year-old at the 2nd level Elementary Spirit Realm could pass the exam, then it also meant that they also have a chance.

Many hours later, after examining over five thousand participants, only 38 people had managed to pass the exam and become a disciple of the Profound Blossom Sect.

"The amount of people that have passed the examination is less than 1%... Not even the Divine Sword Sect, one of the strictest Sects out there, has such a low rate of success."

"Even though they won the Regional Tournament and have many heaven-defying geniuses, aren’t they being too strict and demanding? No matter how good a Sect is, if they don’t have any disciples, it won’t do them any good."

Some people there felt that the Profound Blossom Sect were being too greedy and picky with their disciples, especially given their current situation that desperately needed new disciples. At this rate, they won’t even accept half of their limit of 1,000 disciples.

Sometime later, a beautiful young lady that had just walked onto the first stage caught Su Yang’s attention, something that hasn’t happened since the beginning of the examination.

The young lady quickly noticed Su Yang’s gaze as she was also glancing at him this entire time. When she realized that he was looking at her and that he might remember her, she blushed and bowed her head at him before she touched the totems.

"19 years old, first-level True Spirit Realm."