Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 515 The End of the Million Snakes Sec

A few moments after getting slapped by Liu Lanzhi, Fu Kuan slowly struggled to stand up from the ground, before spitting out a dozen bloody teeth.

Although Liu Lanzhi held her strength back during the slap, because Fu Kuan was as weak as an ordinary mortal and he did not refine his physical body, that slap felt as though a bull had charged at his face.

Now with less than half of his teeth remaining, Fu Kuan looked at Liu Lanzhi and shouted, "You fucking bitch! If not for Su Yang, the Profound Blossom Sect would have disappeared months ago!"

Liu Lanzhi’s eyebrows twitched upon hearing his words, but she did not express any rage and managed to remain calm.

"I won’t disagree with you on that since that is the truth. Indeed, without Su Yang, the Profound Blossom Sect would not be here today, and neither I or the Sect could ever repay him fully."

Liu Lanzhi spoke from the bottom of her heart, causing Fu Kuan to tremble in anger.

He simply couldn’t have imagined that he would one day fall so low just because of one Junior from a small place like the Profound Blossom Sect.

"Your Highness, please take him away. I do not want his presence dirtying the air near the Profound Blossom Sect any longer." Liu Lanzhi bowed to Xie Xingfang a moment later.

Xie Xingfang nodded at her and then turned to look at Elder Zhong.

Seeing her signaling eyes, Elder Zhong nodded before grabbing Fu Kuan by the neck again.

As Elder Zhong began dragging Fu Kuan away, Xie Xingfang turned to look at Su Yang and bowed to him, "As someone from the Xie Family, I deeply apologize for this incident. The Xie Family is responsible for keeping the Elite Sects — Million Snakes Sect — in check, but due to our lack of involvement, they have been getting too arrogant and abusive. I promise that we will increase our involvement and make sure that this doesn’t ever happen again in the future."

"P-Please lift your head, Your Highness! This incident is entirely the Million Snakes Sect’s fault, especially Fu Kaun, the Sect Leader! You shouldn’t lower your head for scumbags like them!" Liu Lanzhi quickly spoke.

"I know, but it won’t feel right for me if I didn’t personally apologize, especially when I was basically useless this entire time. It makes me feel as though I am not worthy of my surname."

Xie Xingfang then continued, "Once again, I apologize for this incident. I will make sure to award the Profound Blossom Sect for dealing with Fu Kuan and keeping him from causing any more havoc. While it’s truly unfortunate for those 36,000 disciples to have lost their lives because of a single person’s insanity, you have saved potentially millions of lives by slaying the Demonic Blood Serpent — including my Xie Family."

"What’s going to happen to the rest of the Million Snakes Sect disciples?" Liu Lanzhi asked her.

"The Million Snakes Sect will no longer exist after today, so they will have to find new homes," Xie Xingfang responded.

Nobody there was surprised to hear that the Million Snakes Sect would cease to exist after today, as the majority of their disciples have suddenly died, and their Sect Leader is also no more.

Unlike the Profound Blossom Sect that managed to survive with less than a hundred disciples, the Million Snakes Sect’s disciples did not willingly leave the Sect but had been unwillingly sacrificed instead. It would be a miracle if even one of the remaining 10,000 disciples would be willing to remain in the Sect after an incident.

However, the biggest reason why the Million Snakes Sect would not survive is simply because they do not have someone like Su Yang to guide and support them.

A few more minutes later, Xie Xingfang and Elder Zhong left the area.

"We will personally send you an invitation to the Xie Family to receive your rewards later." Xie Xingfang said to them before leaving.

"I should also return to my own Sect as soon as possible. Once the news of this incident spreads, it will shake the entire Eastern Continent, and who knows what will happen at that time." Bai Lihua said.

And she continued, "By the way, congratulations on accepting so many talented disciples. I cannot wait to see their growth and how powerful the Profound Blossom Sect will become in a few years."

"You won’t need to wait so long. You will see the results by next year." Su Yang said to her with a smile. "If you are convinced at that time, you should send some of your disciples over to us. They will receive the same training, too."

"Hmph! Only if it can make me speechless! And even if you somehow manage that, I will only consider it!"

Shortly after Bai Lihua left, Wang Shuren said to Su Yang, "Will you be stopping by next week? I completely understand if you want to take a break after everything that has happened today."

"Break?" Su Yang showed her a grin and spoke, "You have already rested enough this week. I will be sure to spice things up during my next visit!"

Wang Shuren’s body trembled with an unusual feeling of delight after hearing his words.

"I will look forward to that." She said to him with an enchanting smile before disappearing from the area.

Once everyone besides the disciples from the Profound Blossom Sect were left, Su Yang said to Liu Lanzhi, "I will be in closed cultivation for the next three days to recover my Profound Qi. The new disciples should be returning soon, and until I return, lecture them about the Sect Rules and whatnot. I will deal with the others afterward."

Liu Lanzhi nodded.

Su Yang then turned to look at Qiuyue and spoke as his eyes began to close, "I’ll trouble you to bring me back to the house."

After saying those words, Su Yang allowed his consciousness to sleep, causing his head to fall between the soft peaks on Qiuyue’s chest. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"?!?!"

Qiuyue’s face quickly flushed red, but she didn’t dare to push him away, and she even tightly embraced his body a moment later.