Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 525 Honest Girl

"Master, you trust me with such precious treasures?" Even though she does not understand the full value of these two gifts, Yan Yan knew they were very valuable, even priceless.

"Of course. Why wouldn’t I trust you?"

"Are you not afraid that I would run away with it? We have barely met, after all."

"Then are you going to run away with those items?" Su Yang asked her with a smile on his face.

"No..." she shook her head.

"Then there’s nothing to worry about," he said, still with a smile on his face.

Although 10 million spirit stones may seem like an astronomical amount of money, it’s actually akin to pocket change in Su Yang’s eyes, not to mention the hundreds of millions of spirit stones the Sect still has.

As for the Divine-grade cultivation technique, while it is indeed very precious and one-of-a-kind in this world, the cultivation technique is a unique one that only works for people beloved by Profound Qi like Yan Yan, so even if she gave it away, it wouldn’t matter, as nobody else would be able to use it.

"Anyway, as long as it’s not already occupied, you can pick any living quarters you want to live in. I will check on your progress every once in a while, and if you need help with something, just send me a message through the communication jade slip."

Yan Yan nodded, and she decided to live in the house right beside Su Yang’s house.

Once everything had slowed down, Su Yang remained inside the house and began writing even more cultivation techniques, as he has over 800 disciples that are waiting for a cultivation technique before they can even start cultivating.

And for the rest of the day, until tomorrow morning, Su Yang did nothing but copy the cultivation techniques he had stored inside his mind.

The next day, Su Yang left for the Burning Lotus Sect.

"Su Yang!" Zhang Xiu Ying was pleasantly surprised to see Su Yang standing in front of her house so early in the morning.

"Are you okay? I heard about what happened during the disciple examination," she said to him with a worried face.

"Oh, that? It was nothing worth mentioning," he replied with a smile.

"That’s relieving to hear. Anyway, what brings you here today?"

He nodded and said, "Do you remember what we talked about last time?"

"You don’t mean..."

"Now that the disciple examination is over and we have many new disciples, I figured this would be the best time for you to come to the Profound Blossom Sect."

"B-But I still haven’t spoken to my Master about this matter..."

"Then let’s go talk to her right now. I am on my way to meet her, anyway."

Zhang Xiu Ying nodded and followed Su Yang to Wang Shuren’s living quarters.

Sometime later, they arrived at Wang Shuren’s place.

’I really hope the Master won’t get too mad at me...’ Zhang Xiu Ying cried inwardly as Su Yang knocked on the door.

A few moments later, Wang Shuren opened the door.

"What are you doing with Su Yang, Xiu Ying?" Wang Shuren raised an eyebrow after seeing her disciple there.

"Let’s talk inside," said Su Yang.

Although she was puzzled, Wang Shuren nodded her head and welcomed them inside.

Once they were seated, Su Yang looked at Zhang Xiu Ying and spoke, "Go ahead. Tell her."

"Did you do something?" Wang Shuren looked at Zhang Xiu Ying with a frown, thinking her own disciple had done something she wasn’t supposed to.

Seeing Wang Shuren’s face, Zhang Xiu Ying’s anxiety instantly peaked.

However, Su Yang suddenly grabbed her hand and said with a gentle smile, "If you don’t tell her, she won’t know."

Zhang Xiu Ying took a deep breath before speaking in a nervous but clear voice, "Master, this unfaithful disciple would like to leave the Burning Lotus Sect to become a disciple at the Profound Blossom Sect."

"..."

Wang Shuren did not immediately respond. In fact, she barely reacted to Zhang Xiu Ying’s words.

After a moment of silence, Zhang Xiu Ying continued to speak, "I am forever grateful to Master for accepting someone as untalented as myself as her disciple, but this disciple has recently realized that she does not belong to this place, and Su Yang has offered me a place at the Profound Blossom Sect."

Zhang Xiu Ying even got on her knees and kowtowed to Wang Shuren.

"Although I have never told Master this, Su Yang has saved me on multiple occasions ever since I met him at the auction house, and it’s not an exaggeration when I say that I owe my life to him."

"..."

Sometime later, Wang Shuren spoke in a calm and clear voice, "Relax, Xiu Ying. I won’t blame you for wanting to change Sects. In fact, I have long noticed that you did not fit in with the other disciples, especially after I accepted you as my disciple."

"Does this mean..." Zhang Xiu Ying looked at her with wide eyes.

Wang Shuren nodded with a calm smile on her face, "You can join the Profound Blossom Sect. And if you ever need advice or help, you can still come find me. Though, I highly doubt you’ll need me again when there’s someone like Su Yang by your side."

"Thank you, Master!" Zhang Xiu Ying cried out loud, as she did not expect it to go this smoothly.

Perhaps the only reason why Wang Shuren agreed to her transferring to another Sect was because of Su Yang’s presence, but none of that mattered anymore, as she has already gotten her approval.

"Go pack your things. We will leave tomorrow after I am finished with my business here." Su Yang said to Zhang Xiu Ying, who quickly left the place. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"You really like her, don’t you? First, you protected her from Wang Ming, then you claimed to have her back, and now you’re even doing this." Wang Shuren said to him afterward.

"She’s an honest girl, and I like honest girls." He responded with a smile.

"What about me? I have never lied to you. Does that make me an honest woman?" Wang Shuren chuckled.

"There are many different types of honest people, and the two of you are completely different from one another."

"Then do you like me, too?" she asked him with a seductive look.

"If I didn’t like you, I wouldn’t be wasting my time here, right?" he calmly responded.

"Touche..."

A few moments later, the two of them entered the pill room, and Su Yang proceeded to train Wang Shuren for the rest of the day.