Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 530 Refined Technique

"Ahn... Ahn... Ahhhhh!"

Liu Lanzhi’s ecstatic voice resounded in the room as Su Yang demonstrated the dual cultivation techniques he’d given to the new disciples.

"This is the Bedroom Dance." Su Yang’s movements suddenly changed, and his hips moved in a mesmerizing manner, almost like he was dancing.

"Ooooh!" Liu Lanzhi’s body trembled in delight as she felt his sword stab her cave in a rhythmic motion, causing her cave to gush with Yin Qi.

"And this is the Divine Hands..."

Su Yang’s hands suddenly grabbed her breasts and began kneading them as though they were bread.

"This is!!!"

The tips on Liu Lanzhi’s breasts were fully perked and rock hard at this moment, resembling a majestic mountain.

She couldn’t believe that there would exist such profound techniques in this world, as every movement by Su Yang had caused her body to feel heavenly pleasure.

Sometime later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi into Liu Lanzhi, filling her stomach once again. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"How was it? That is what the peak of these techniques feel like." Su Yang asked her afterward.

"It was amazing... And if the disciples can utilize even half of these techniques’ full potential, the Profound Blossom Sect... No, the entire dual cultivation world will enter a new era!" Lu Lanzhi praised.

"These techniques are merely the basics, barely scratching the surface of the world of dual cultivation," he then said.

"Oh? Then why don’t you show me a technique that surpasses even these basic techniques?" Liu Lanzhi said to him with her eyes flickering with anticipation.

If such basic techniques could already overwhelm her body with pleasure, she cannot imagine what could possibly transcend such pleasure.

"Once your body can endure more, I will naturally show you more. However, as of this moment, your body won’t be able to handle it."

"You make it sound as though it’s something dangerous. How can pleasure be harmful?" Liu Lanzhi raised an eyebrow.

"There’s no need to be impatient. And indeed, pleasure itself cannot harm one’s body. However, if too much, just like anything in this world, it can affect you — mostly your mind. You know how some people go crazy after cultivating a technique that far exceeds their capabilities? This is something like that. Once you experience it, your mind will continuously crave for it, almost as though you have become addicted to it."

"So you’re telling me that I could go crazy if I experience these techniques? Like a sex maniac?"

"That’s right." Su Yang calmly nodded, and he continued, "You are underestimating dual cultivation. If used incorrectly, dual cultivation can become even more horrifying than any martial techniques out there."

"In my previous life, there was once an evil Dual Cultivator who enslaved an entire city with his dual cultivation technique, turning all of them into sex maniacs that were no different than animals during mating season. Whether it be other humans or even animals, they screwed everything in sight to satisfy their relentless lust."

Liu Lanzhi covered her mouth in shock, and she asked, "What happened to those people?"

"Once somebody reaches that stage, they are no different than Depraved Creatures. Although there are methods to help them, their craving for pleasure will never cease. Therefore, the Cultivators slaughtered everyone that was affected by it."

"That’s..."

Liu Lanzhi was speechless, as nothing that severe has ever happened in the Eastern Continent.

"That’s why you shouldn’t only teach the disciples how to please others but how to control themselves, too."

"Anyway, here are all of the techniques I have used today. Even though you cannot use the men’s’ techniques, you should still study them."

After giving Liu Lanzhi the techniques, Su Yang returned to his own room, where he continued to create Zhang Xiu Ying’s cultivation technique.

Unlike copying cultivation techniques from his head, which only takes a few minutes, creating a cultivation technique from scratch usually takes years of effort. Furthermore, the more complex the technique, the longer it’ll take. There are even techniques out there that have taken millions of years to create.

But luckily for Su Yang, he already has a foundation for technique, and all he needed to really do was to tweak it, hopefully increasing it by a few grades. As for the Burning Lotus Sect’s cultivation technique, because it’s only a Mortal-grade technique, it won’t require much effort to improve for an Immortal like Su Yang.

Two weeks later, Su Yang finally finished the cultivation technique.

After looking through it a few more times to make sure it was perfect, Su Yang went to look for Zhang Xiu Ying, who was quietly cultivating inside her room.

"Su Yang!" Zhang Xiu Ying greeted him with a bright expression.

"I have completed your technique," he said as he walked into her house.

He then retrieved a scroll from his robes and extended it towards her.

"The cultivation technique has no name for now, but if you want to give it a name, you can name it whatever you like. As for its grade, it’s currently at the Immortal-grade, and it’s about 100 times more effective compared to your old one. I wanted to make it at least the Sovereign-grade before giving it to you, but that would require you to wait a few more months, so I am giving it to you now to get you started. I will continue to improve the technique, and once I make it Sovereign-grade, I will give it to you."

"You... you refined a cultivation technique at the Mortal-grade to the Immortal-grade in less than a month? Is there anything in this world that you cannot do?" Zhang Xiu Ying accepted the technique with a dazed look.

"But you really don’t need to do so much for me, Su Yang. I am already more than satisfied with the cultivation technique being at the Immortal-grade," she said to him a moment later.

"That won’t be possible, as I always want the best for my woman." Su Yang shook his head with a smile.

"Su Yang..."

Zhang Xiu Ying was speechless, as she was overwhelmed by his kindness and affection for her.