Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 534 Golden Sword Grand Formation

"I had expected to be surprised today, but I didn’t expect that it would be this kind of surprise. You have truly outdone yourself this time, Su Yang." Bai Lihua said to him, her gaze still lingering on the spirit stones that filled the place.

"Just how many spirit stones is this?" she suddenly asked him out of curiosity.

"Three hundred million," he calmly responded.

"Wha—?" Bai Lihua looked at him with her eyes as wide as saucers.

"Y-You must be joking, right...? Three hundred million spirit stones? Where in the world did you obtain so many spirit stones? The Regional Tournament only gave you 10 million..."

"My side job," he replied with a smile.

"..."

What kind of side job could possibly bring in hundreds of millions of spirit stones? If possible, she would like to get in on it, too.

"Are you interested?" Su Yang noticed the curiosity in her eyes and said.

"N-Not particularly... Besides, it sounds incredibly suspicious," she quickly responded. "Who knows what I have to do. Perhaps it requires one to sacrifice their own body."

"Brother, you shouldn’t get involved with something so dangerous..." Su Yin also expressed her concern for him.

Su Yang chuckled after hearing their words and said, "Don’t worry, it’s nothing suspicious or dangerous."

"Anyway, what are you here for? I doubt you came all the way here just to see me."

"Actually, the one who wanted to see you was Su Yin, and I am merely interested in the Profound Blossom Sect’s progress." Bai Lihua said.

Su Yin then spoke, "Beloved Elder Brother, do you know what day tomorrow is?"

"Tomorrow...?" Su Yang raised an eyebrow.

When he saw the anticipation in Su Yin’s eyes, he showed a slight smile and said, "I see... so you are finally an adult, huh?"

"That’s right! It’s my coming of age tomorrow, and I want to celebrate it with you!" she said with a bright expression.

"It’s your birthday, but I haven’t prepared any presents yet. It seems I have failed as an elder brother," he said with an apologetic smile.

"Don’t say something like that, Elder Brother! You are the best brother one could ever ask for! And I don’t need any presents for my birthday, as spending time with you is already more than enough for me!"

Su Yang showed a bittersweet smile after hearing her innocent words.

In truth, the Elder Brother that Su Yin truly loves was Su Yang from before he regained his memories as an Immortal. Ever since he regained his memories, besides buying her a treasure at Snowfall City, he hasn’t really done anything that could be considered ’brotherly’.

He could reveal the truth to her, but he did not want to crush Su Yin’s feelings by knowing that the brother she loves is no longer in this world.

"Even if you say that you don’t need a present, since it’s your birthday, and the most important one in your life at that, I should give you something. Is there anything you want in particular?" Su Yang said to her.

"Give me some time to think about it," she said a moment later.

He nodded, and continued, "Anyway, I am about to build the formation. Do you want to watch its creation? It’s not something you will see very often if ever again."

"It’s only a formation, right? Although they are definitely not commonly seen, it’s not as though there are no other Array Masters out there..." Bai Lihua said.

Su Yang merely smiled and said, "You will understand it once you witness it."

Sometime later, Su Yang summoned all of the disciples to gather in the middle of the Sect.

Once they all gathered, he said, "I should first thank you all for your efforts these past two weeks, or the preparations would’ve taken much longer. Now, I shall let you bare witness the fruits of your labor."

He then retrieved three scrolls with extremely complicated patterns written on them and placed them on the floor, directly in the center of the entire Sect.

Afterward, he sat before them in the lotus position and closed his eyes.

Silence filled the place, and the people there watched with high anticipation.

A few minutes later, a tremendous aura exploded from Su Yang’s body, and the three scrolls emitted a golden light in reaction to the aura.

A few more moments later, Su Yang opened his eyes, and he shouted in a voice that echoed throughout the entire Sect, "Golden Sword Grand Formation!"

Boom!

The three golden scrolls immediately shot up into the sky, before falling back down around the Sect, creating three enormous golden pillars that surrounded the Profound Blossom Sect.

The disciples watched in awe, their eyes and mouths wide open.

A few moments later, Su Yang slapped the ground with his hand, causing the entire Sect to shake and the spirit stones that scattered around the Sect to jump.

When the spirit stones returned to the ground, they all glowed a bright light, and all of the Profound Qi stored within the three hundred million spirit stones that scattered around the Sect rushed towards the three golden pillars, causing them to brighten even further.

Once the golden pillars finished absorbing all of the Profound Qi from the spirit stones, the spirit stones turned into dust before being carried away by a strong gust of wind that appeared out of the blue. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Qiuyue! Activate the Grand Formation!" Su Yang suddenly shouted.

The moment Su Yang’s voice disappeared, another enormous spirit energy appeared within the Sect.

"Where is this spiritual energy coming from?!" The people there expressed deep fear after sensing Qiuyue’s tyrannical spiritual energy, as it was unlike anything they have felt before.

Meanwhile, the three golden pillars reacted to Qiuyue’s spiritual energy by exploding into countless pieces with each fragment exactly 30 inches in length and 3 inches wide, and if one looked closely, these fragments all had the appearance of a sword.

Once the three golden pillars were gone, the hundreds of thousands of golden swords hovering in the sky began to move.

A few minutes later, the golden swords surrounded the entire Profound Blossom Sect in a uniform manner, forming an enormous golden barrier that protected every corner of the Sect.

Once the Grand Formation was completed, the golden swords in the sky turned invisible, almost as though the entire thing was all but an illusion.