Chapter 536 The Ancestor“s Interes

While Su Yang explained to the disciples the Grand Formation’s abilities, unbeknownst to everyone in the Profound Blossom Sect, the entire Eastern Continent was in an uproar at this moment.

Because of the Profound Qi released by the 300 million spirit stones and the spiritual energy emitted by Qiuyue when activating the Grand Formation, everybody in a ten thousand mile radius felt the unnatural and immense amount of spiritual energy, causing them to believe that a very powerful Spiritual Treasure was being born in the area.

News of this ’Spiritual Treasure’ quickly spread throughout the Eastern Continent like a massive wildfire, and within an hour, nearly every big family and Sect were aware of the situation.

And within minutes after hearing this news, these renowned families and powerful Sects began sending their experts to find the Spiritual Treasure, hoping they would be the ones to find it first.

In most cases, regardless of whoever finds the Spiritual Treasure first, fights would still occur between different factions, as people would often run into their enemies during these searches.

"Your Majesty, the search team is ready to deploy and awaits your command."

Although the Xie Family rules over the Eastern Continent, they do not dare to claim Spiritual Treasures that are naturally born theirs without working for it like everyone else, as that would instantly destroy their public image as rulers, so they must also send out their own search party.

"Your Majesty...?"

The leader of the Xie Family’s search group looked at Lord Xie with a puzzled expression when he did not respond after some time.

"Dismiss the search party, we will not be participating in this one," he said in a grim voice.

"What...? But rumors say it could be a Spiritual Treasure at the mythical Divine-grade from the legends that surpasses even the Heaven-grade, and a Spiritual Treasure of that grade does not exist in this world yet! This could be the first one in this world!" The man said to him in a puzzled voice.

If they ignore this massive opportunity and miss out on the Divine-grade Spiritual Treasure, they will surely regret it!

"I know it will be a massive loss to us, but have you forgotten who lives in that area?" Lord Xie said to him with a frown.

"If I recall correctly, the Profound Blossom Sect should be in that area. But even if the Spiritual Treasure happened to be born within their property, they cannot claim it for themselves nor can they send away those who wish to search for it, as normal rules no longer apply after the birth of any Spiritual Treasure." The man said to him.

"My father’s concern is not for the Profound Blossom Sect, but for the individual that belongs to the Profound Blossom Sect instead." Another voice suddenly resounded in the room.

"Your Highness!"

"Xing’er..."

Xie Xingfang approached them after entering the scene.

"If the Spiritual Treasure appeared within the Profound Blossom Sect’s territory, there’s not the slightest chance that ’he’ wouldn’t notice it," she said a moment later.

"He...? Who is this person Your Highness is referring to?" The man was still confused.

"Su Yang," said Lord Xie.

"The number one genius who reached the Heavenly Spirit Realm before he even reached 18 years old? That ’Su Yang’? Although his talent is indeed very frightening, he’s only a Junior."

Lord Xie shook his head and spoke, "Do not underestimate him just because of his age, or you will regret it one day. Despite all of the information we have on him, that man has an unfathomably deep and unknown background."

"I wouldn’t be surprised even if the Spiritual Treasure is already in his hands as we speak," he continued.

"Impossible..." The man mumbled with a dumbfounded face.

"Even if there’s a chance that he still hasn’t obtained the Spiritual Treasure, he will still be a few steps ahead of everyone else, and he will inevitably have the last laughs."

The man was deeply shocked by Lord Xie’s immensely high evaluation of Su Yang, almost like he was praising a God of some sort.

"Therefore, dismiss the search team. I won’t repeat myself again. We will not participate in this search." Lord Xie said to the man with a stern expression.

"As Your Majesty commands."

The man bowed to him before leaving the room.

"So? Why have you come here?" Lord Xie turned to look at his daughter afterward.

Xie Xingfang smiled and said, "Father, I would like to visit the Profound Blossom Sect."

"Why?" He quickly frowned. "You were there not long ago during their disciple examination."

"I know, but I have a feeling that something big might have happened at the Profound Blossom Sect. And if the rumors are true — that a Divine-grade Spiritual Treasure has appeared — I want to see it for myself," she responded calmly.

"I only agreed to let you outside the last time because Elder Zhong was by your side. I have recently received news of the Moonlight Blades’ activity increasing. And there’s still the problem with the poison in your body. I cannot agree to let you out this time. I hope you understand," he said to her.

However, Xie Xingfang remained stubborn and said, "If the Moonlight Blade is truly increasing their activities, then it would make more sense for me to travel to the Profound Blossom Sect and seek asylum there, as I feel much safer around Su Yang than I do with the guards in our family." Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Are you saying that the Profound Blossom Sect can protect you better than your own family?" Lord Xie quickly frowned.

"That’s exactly what I am saying, father. Although I do not blame you for not understanding his prowess because you were not there to witness him defeating Fu Kuan and the Demonic Blood Serpent, Su Yang is already stronger than esteemed grandfather, much less you, father." Xie Xingfang said to him with a serious expression.

"You...!" Lord Xie’s face quickly reddened from anger.

However, another voice suddenly resounded in the room, and it was filled with laughter, "Since my beloved granddaughter said so, I will also believe it."

"F-Father!" Lord Xie was surprised by the Ancestor’s appearance.

"My interest in Su Yang has been through the roof recently, and I would like to get to know him better, so I will accompany Xing’er to the Profound Blossom Sect. There shouldn’t be any problem if I went along with her, right? Unless you are worried that I cannot protect her," said the old man as he entered the room, dumbfounding both Lord Xie and Xie Xingfang.