Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 546 Birthday Presen

After he finished evaluating the first female disciple, Su Yang continued to call the disciples into his room one at a time, before allowing them to perform their techniques on him.

"Your performance overall was above average, but your hip movements were a bit stiff and awkward. You should move it like this..." Su Yang said to the disciple before demonstrating the technique on her body.

"Ahhhn~"

The disciple moaned loudly, and a few minutes later, her body collapsed onto the bed with an exhausted expression on her face.

Sometime later, Su Yang also gifted her a practice doll.

"T-This is..."

The female disciple was dumbfounded at first, but when she realized that the doll was crafted based on Su Yang’s body, her eyes flickered with excitement, and she said, "Thank you, Sect Master! I will surely practice with it every day so that I can please you properly next time!"

After spending a few hours cultivating with the new disciples and evaluating their techniques and giving them advice, Su Yang said to them afterward, "If you ever feel like checking your progress with the techniques, you can find me, and I will evaluate you like I did today. Regardless, I will re-evaluate everyone here in three months."

Su Yang dismissed the disciples shortly after, before returning to the Yin Yang Pavilion.

Once Su Yang was gone, the female disciples began talking with each other.

"Did you also receive a practice doll from the Sect Leader?"

"I did! I cannot believe how perfectly it resembles his body! It’s almost like I am staring at the Sect Leader’s body itself when I look at the practice doll!"

"I cannot wait to start practicing with it... hehe..."

Meanwhile, at the Yin Yang Pavilion, when Su Yang entered his room, he noticed Su Yin sitting on the bed with a dozed off expression, almost as though she was half-asleep.

"You sure slept well," he said to her with a smile.

"Good morning, Elder Brother..." she said to him.

"Morning? It’s already midday," he said.

"What?! It’s already so late?!" Su Yin’s eyes snapped open and turned to look at the window.

"I have overslept! Why didn’t you wake me up earlier, Elder Brother? Now I have less time to spend with you on my birthday..." she sighed in a sorrowful tone.

"Anyway, how do you want to spend your birthday? Is there anything special you want to do?" Su Yang asked her a moment later.

"No, I am content with just being around you, Elder Brother," she quickly replied.

"Though, I would like to see what Elder Brother normally does as the Sect Leader."

"Besides cultivating with the Sect Elders and the new disciples, I also lecture the disciples from the Cultivation Division, and I sometimes lecture the Junior Disciples. Why don’t I give you a tour around the Sect?"

"That sounds fun!" she nodded.

Sometime later, Su Yang brought Su Yin outside and gave her a tour around the entire Sect starting from the Center Court.

"As you know, this is the Yin Yang Pavilion, where the Sect Leaders dwell."

"This tall building is called the Morning Wood Pagoda, and it’s where Sect Elders normally gather for meetings."

"Morning Wood Pagoda...?" Su Yin chuckled at the Sect’s weird naming sense. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

After walking around the Center Court, Su Yang brought her to the Inner Court, and the first place they visited was the Chamber of Embrace.

"This is where disciples used to cultivate with guests that come from the outside."

Su Yang began recalling his experience at this place.

After seeing the Chamber of Embrace, Su Yang continued to tour around the Inner Court with Su Yin.

However, besides living quarters for the Inner Court disciples, there really wasn’t much to see inside the Inner Court.

Once they reached the Outer Court, Su Yang showed her the building he used to live in, even recalling some of the things that had happened during his time as an Outer Court disciple.

Sometime later, they arrived at the White Pearl Treasury, where Elder Zhao was sleeping behind the counter like always.

"Su Yang... and the little sister? What brings you here today?"

"I am just giving her a tour around the Sect," said Su Yang.

He then turned to look at Su Yin and spoke, "Is there anything you want from this place? I will pay it for you."

Su Yin shook her head.

Sometime later, the siblings returned to the Yin Yang Pavilion.

"Thank you for the tour, Elder Brother. I finally have a grasp of your living environment after all this time," Su Yin said to him.

Su Yang merely smiled.

A moment later, he retrieved a storage ring and said, "Su Yin, here."

He extended his hand, offering the storage ring to her.

"What is this, Elder Brother?" Su Yin looked at it with a puzzled expression.

"It’s your birthday present," he said.

"Eh? But I don’t need any presents..."

"I know, but I am giving it to you anyway. Take a look inside."

Su Yin nodded and accepted the storage ring.

When she looked inside the storage ring and saw what was inside, she gasped in shock.

"E-Elder Brother... this is..." she looked at him with wide eyes.

"There are 10 million Spirit Stones, a peak quality Heaven-grade Spiritual Treasure, and three Immortal-grade Martial Techniques that suit your Cultivation Technique inside. Although it’s not much, it’ll assist your Cultivation for many years."

"T-Thank you, Elder Brother! I will treasure this gift for the rest of my life!" Su Yin tightly grasped the storage ring in her hands before rushing to embrace Su Yang.

And for the remainder of the day, the two of them remained inside the room, spending their time passionately with each other.

The following day, Xie Xingfang and Xie Wang arrived at the Profound Blossom Sect, surprising everyone within the Sect with their sudden visit, especially Liu Lanzhi, who didn’t even know how to react at first.

"Su Yang! We have an emergency!" Liu Lanzhi knocked on his door early in the morning again.