Chapter 550 A Selfish Woman

After their small meeting at the Morning Wood Pagoda, Su Yang brought the Xie Family to the best living quarters within the Profound Blossom Sect.

"This will be your living quarter until you decide to leave, but if it’s not to your liking, we can always change it, since the Sect is quite spacious and has a lot of room as of this moment. It’s quite close to the Yin Yang Pavilion, where I am currently staying, and if you need anything, you can just contact me using this communication jade slip." Su Yang said to them before returning to the Yin Yang Pavilion a few minutes later.

Once they entered their new living quarters, Xie Wang asked Xie Xingfang, "My granddaughter, how do you feel about Su Yang?"

"What’s with the sudden question, grandfather? And I respect Su Yang very much. Not only is he very talented but he’s also a very kind individual," she calmly responded.

"Aiya... that’s not what I am asking, but you should already know that. There’s no need to be so reserved in front of this old man because I will support you no matter what. Therefore, tell me what you think of Su Yang as a man. Would you mind taking him as your husband?"

"..."

Xie Xingfang closed her eyes and remained silent for a good minute before speaking, "Su Yang... he’s what most women would call the perfect man. He’s extremely handsome, highly talented, profoundly knowledgeable, and most importantly, a caring individual. All in all, he’s an extraordinary individual... almost too perfect if I am being honest."

"I won’t mention his methods of cultivation, as I believe that he’s only doing what he enjoys, albeit it might be a bit eccentric." Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"However, the thing that interests me the most is his demeanor, how he always remains so elegant and noble-like. Among the countless men that have looked at me, he’s the only one who doesn’t look at me with lustful eyes and filthy thoughts, and he’s even looked at me directly in the eyes without a veil covering my face. Furthermore, I can tell that he’s not faking it and is genuinely not fazed by my appearance."

"If someone like Su Yang is willing to accept me as his Dao Companion, I would not hesitate to become his woman, as I am confident that he will make me the happiest woman in this world."

"However, with all that being said, the possibility of us being together is highly unlikely mainly because of the fact that I am a selfish woman. Although I might be fine now, if we actually become Dao Companions, I do not think I will be able to bear seeing him being passionate with other women."

"Perhaps this is due to my background and how I was raised, but I simply do not wish to share him with others." Xie Xingfang sighed at the end.

"..."

Xie Wang was speechless, as Su Yang had said the exact same thing to him just some time ago.

’He was right on the mark... It appears that he knows more about Xing’er than myself despite barely spending time with each other...’ He thought to himself, silently admiring Su Yang’s ability to assess women.

"What a pity..." he sighed a moment later. "If Su Yang becomes a part of the Xie Family, our influence will surely spread to the other three Continents, not to mention he is also acquainted with someone from the Holy Central Continent. However, if you cannot bear seeing him with other women, then you can only give up or make him adore you to the point where he is willing to abandon the other women, but that is highly unlikely."

"I’m sorry, grandfather, for disappointing you." Xie Xingfang said.

"If anyone should apologize, it should be me. Don’t let this conversation pressure you, as I was only curious about your feelings." Xie Wang said before going to his own living quarters a few minutes later.

Once Xie Xingfang was alone, she sighed. "If only I could be more open-minded..."

Meanwhile, inside the Yin Yang Pavilion, Liu Lanzhi approached Su Yang and asked him, "Is everything okay? What happened to the Xie Family?"

"They will be staying with us for some time due to some complications," he said.

"What? They are going to be staying in the Sect? Do you know how long this will last? I cannot cultivate with a peaceful mind knowing that the Xie Family could be watching!"

Su Yang chuckled and said, "Calm down for a moment. Why would they be peeking at our Cultivation? As long as you don’t bother them, they won’t bother you."

"Anyway, I have to leave the Sect for a few days in a few weeks, as I have business at the Burning Lotus Sect. Though, if you need anything, just contact me through the communication jade slip as usual."

While they were in a conversation, Bai Lihua suddenly showed up with a panicked expression. "Is it true that the Xie Family is here?! And even the Ancestor is here?! Tell me where they are so I can greet them!" she said to them.

Su Yang nodded and gave her the location of their living quarters.

"Su Yin! Are you in there? Come with me to greet the Xie Family!" Bai Lihua called out to Su Yin, who was still sleeping in the room.

A few moments later, a drowsy-looking Su Yin appeared.

"Hurry up and fix your appearance. If you greet the Ancestor whilst looking like that, that would spell the end for the Heavenly Swan Sect!" Bai Lihua said to her.

"You are exaggerating..." Su Yang smiled.

A few minutes later, after Su Yin fixed her appearance, Bai Lihua dragged her to the Xie Family.

"Sect Leader of Heavenly Swan Sect, Bai Lihua, greets the Ancestor and Your Highness!"

"Su Yin from the Su Family and Heavenly Swan Sect greets the Ancestor and Your Highness."

They bowed to them with the utmost respect.

"Oh? What’s the Heavenly Swan Sect doing at the Profound Blossom Sect?" Xie Wang raised his eyebrows in interest.

"It was my disciple, Su Yin’s coming of age, and she wanted to celebrate it with her Elder Brother, Su Yang, so we arrived here a few days ago." Bai Lihua explained their reason for their presence at the Profound Blossom Sect.

"So it’s like that. Anyway, you can drop the formalities, as we are also guests at the Profound Blossom Sect." Xie Xingfang said to them with a gentle smile.