Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 551 Surname Fang

"Su Yin... you are Su Yang’s little sister, right? I have been wanting to speak with you for a while now." Xie Xingfang suddenly looked at her with a smile.

"Me...?" Su Yin showed a dazed expression.

Xie Xingfang nodded and spoke, "If you have some time now, would you mind sitting down with me? I will serve you some of my family’s finest tea in exchange for your time."

"Tea with Your Highness?" Su Yin was dumbfounded, as she was just given a massive opportunity that would normally never happen. However, she could not imagine why Xie Xingfang would be interested in her.

While she’s from one of the Four Great Families, she hasn’t done anything that would warrant this kind of attention, so this must not be about her but Su Yang instead.

"You don’t want to?" Xie Xingfang showed a disheartened expression when Su Yin remained silent.

"N-No! I would be honored to have tea with Your Highness," she said.

"As I’d just said, you can drop the formalities, as we are the only ones here. Just call me Sister Xingfang."

"I wouldn’t dare..." Su Yin shook her head nervously.

"That would make things complicated for me, since I am very close with your Elder Brother, after all."

"You’re close with my Elder Brother? Su Yin looked at her with wide eyes, and she asked, "How close are we talking about?"

"Su Yin... you shouldn’t ask such rude questions..." Bai Lihua said to her with a nervous expression.

Xie Xingfang chuckled and said, "If you want to know, I’ll tell you everything if you come with me."

"Okay, Sister Xingfang!" Su Yin immediately agreed, and her attitude towards Xie Xingfang did a 180.

"I’ll apologize in advance if my disciple behaves rudely, Your Highness..." Bai Lihua said to her before they left.

Once they left, Xie Wang looked at Bai Lihua and said, "The Heavenly Swan Sect has formed an Alliance with the Profound Blossom Sect, right? And this is before they even won the Regional Tournament. If you don’t mind, can you tell me what caused you to come to such a decision? I don’t mean to be rude, but an Elite Sect would normally not even notice a place as small and insignificant as the Profound Blossom Sect, yet you tossed away all your pride and formed an alliance with them? I cannot imagine what would influence you to do such a thing."

"Well... that is..." Bai Lihua showed a perplexed expression. It wouldn’t be wise for her to reveal the details behind their Alliance, but she was standing before the Xie Family’s Ancestor, who is even more terrifying and powerful than the current Lord Xie.

Heaven knows what might happen if she lies to his face and he finds out.

"Hmm... if it’s too difficult for you to answer my question, you can ignore it." Xie Wang suddenly said. "I’m sure Su Yang must have offered you something that you cannot refuse, right? If that’s the case, then I will not pry any further."

After saying those words, Xie Wang returned to his living quarters.

Meanwhile, inside Xie Xingfang’s room, she poured Su Yin a cup of tea.

’Her Highness from the Xie Family is pouring me tea...’ Su Yin realized just how weird her situation was, as it would normally be the other way around.

"This tea is called the Soul Cleansing Green Tea, and it’s made of poisonous leaves from the Abandoned Forest. Of course, the poison has already been extracted from the leaves, so you don’t have to worry about being poisoned, and it’s also one of my favorites."

"T-Thank you, Sister Xingfang." Su Yin said to her before sipping on the tea that had a deep green color.

"Mmm! It’s sweet! I have never tasted such delicious tea before!" Su Yin expressed surprise a moment later.

"I’m glad it suits your taste, Junior Sister." Xie Xingfang smiled.

A few minutes later, once they finished the tea, Su Yin asked Xie Xingfang, "Sister Xingfang, what’s your relationship with my Elder Brother?"

"Where should I begin..."

Xie Xingfang then began recalling to Su Yin her first meeting with Su Yang.

"Even though I have never seen him before, and before I knew of his identity, it only took a single glance for me to recognize his extraordinary existence." Xie Xingfang said with a smile as she remembered how Su Yang nonchalantly handed her an Immortal-grade technique that directly benefited her Heavenly Constitution.

"I have received a lot of assistance from him since then, so I owe him a lot. However, despite my status, I find it very difficult repaying him, as I feel like no matter what I give him, it would be akin to trash in his eyes." Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

A few minutes later, Xie Xingfang said to her, "Now that you know about my relationship with Su Yang, why don’t you tell me more about him? I would love to know more about my benefactor, after all."

Thus, Su Yin and Xie Xingfang began chatting with each other with the majority of their topics being related to Su Yang.

Many hours later, Su Yin left the place and returned to the Yin Yang Pavilion.

"So Su Yang wasn’t always like this, huh. It seems like something major had happened to him after he left the Su Family that caused such changes." Xie Xingfang mumbled to herself afterward.

After listening to Su Yin talk about Su Yang, she thought that her understanding of him would become clearer, but little did she expect that it would actually be the opposite.

"Just who are you really, Su Yang?" Xie Xingfang sighed.

Meanwhile, a few miles away from the Profound Blossom Sect, multiple luxurious carriages could be seen approaching the Sect’s direction, and each of these carriages were carrying a large flag with the surname ’Fang’ elegantly sewed on it.

"Matriarch Fang, we are almost at the Profound Blossom Sect." The carriage driver said to the individual inside the carriage he was managing.

"Very well..." A cold and distant voice resounded a moment later.