Chapter 552 The Fang Family

After traveling for half an hour, the carriages finally arrived at the Profound Blossom Sect’s entrance gates.

"We have arrived at the Profound Blossom Sect, Matriarch," said the carriage driver.

A few moments later, a stunning middle-aged woman wearing luxurious clothes walked out of the carriage, followed by a graceful young lady who appeared to be in her early twenties and her body emitting the power of the 1st level Earth Spirit Realm.

"So this is where she has been hiding for the past ten years, huh? It’s much cleaner than I’d expected." The young lady spoke in a nonchalant voice. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Meanwhile, when the Sect Elder standing by the entrance noticed their carriages stop right in front of their gates, she approached them and said, "Who are you? And what business do you have with the Profound Blossom Sect?"

The middle-aged lady stepped forward and said, "We are from the Fang Family, and I am the Matriarch, Fang Xianjue."

"One of the Four Great Families, that Fang Family?!" The Sect Elder asked for conformation, her face filled with shock.

Fang Xianjue nodded, and she continued, "We have decided to come here after hearing that someone by the name of Fang Zhelan is currently a disciple here, am I right?"

"Fang Zhelan? Yes, there is indeed a disciple with that name here." The Sect Elder nodded.

"That’s great, because she is actually a member of the Fang Family, and she’s my daughter. It’s been ten years since she disappeared from the family, but I finally have a chance to see her again and bring her home," said Fang Xianjie.

"What?! She’s from the Fang Family, and you are her mother?! That’s not possible because her parents are already deceased. I’m afraid that you might have gotten the wrong person with a similar name..."

Fang Xianjue calmly shook her head and said, "I have already investigated her background, so I am confident that she’s my daughter. If you let me see her, I will be certain."

"Please wait a moment and let me notify the Sect Masters and Fang Zhelan." The Sect Elder said before retrieving her communication jade slip and explaining the situation to Liu Lanzhi.

Meanwhile, in the Yin Yang Pavilion, after receiving the Sect Elder’s message, Liu Lanzhi went to get Su Yang.

"The Fang Family is here? And they are claiming that Fang Zhelan is with them?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows.

"I don’t know what’s happening, but Fang Zhelan told me that her parents had died before she came to the Sect, so either she lied or the Fang Family mistook her for someone from their family." Liu Lanzhi said.

"Either way, let’s get Fang Zhelan and meet with the Fang Family."

A few minutes later, Fang Zhelan appeared at the Yin Yang Pavilion after being summoned, but she was unaware of the situation.

"Disciple Fang... you told me that your parents had died before you joined the Sect, right?" Liu Lanzhi asked her afterward.

Fang Zhelan made a puzzled expression, but she nodded a few moments later, "That’s right, Sect Master."

Liu Lanzhi looked at her with a serious expression and said, "Well... one of the Four Great Families from the Western Region, the Fang Family is currently here, and they are claiming that you are one of them."

"Wha—?!"

A shocked expression immediately appeared on Fang Zhelan’s face after hearing this news.

Seeing the complicated emotions in her eyes, Liu Lanzhi spoke, "I don’t know the circumstances behind any of this, but we cannot keep the Fang Family waiting forever. Whether they are right or mistaken, we will know once you meet them."

Fang Zhelan bit her lips and spoke in a low voice, "There’s no need for that, Sect Leader. They are right, and I am indeed from the Fang Family. I am sorry for lying to you and hiding this fact, but I have my own reasons for doing so..."

Liu Lanzhi sighed after hearing her words and said, "I had a feeling this would be the case. However, I doubt the Fang Family will leave without meeting you. No matter your reason, they are here for you now, and you cannot run away forever."

"But..."

Fang Zhelan’s eyes narrowed, and her aura emitted reluctance. It was obvious that she did not wish to meet the Fang Family, but there was nothing Liu Lanzhi could do, as they couldn’t simply just send one of the Four Great Families away by force.

"Haa..." Su Yang suddenly sighed, and he spoke as he grabbed Fang Zhelan’s trembling hands, "What are you afraid of? I will also be there with you."

"Su Yang..." Fang Zhelan looked at him with teary eyes.

"I don’t care about your circumstances, nor do I care about your reason for lying, as everyone has a thing or two they do not wish to reveal to the public. However, no matter what happens, I will be on your side."

After hearing his words, Fang Zhelan nodded, "Okay... I will meet with the Fang Family. However, before we meet them, I want you to know about our circumstances."

And she began revealing to them the truth about her background.

"It is true that I used to belong to the Fang Family. However, when they realized that I had no talent in cultivation, they decided to sell me to another family, as only my appearance was worth anything in such a powerful and influential family. Of course, I did not want to spend the rest of my life as a plaything for some Young Master, so I ran away from the family right before my coming of age."

"After leaving the family, I decided to join the Profound Blossom Sect, where I could freely choose my own partners."

"I had no idea that you had such a story..." Liu Lanzhi showed a shocked expression after hearing her story.

"But how could they say you have no talent? You were and still is one of the most talented disciples we have!" Liu Lanzhi said while shaking her head, thinking that the Fang Family must have misjudged her talent.