Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 553 Fang Zhelan“s Real Background

"Aren’t you missing some logic in your words just now?" Su Yang said to Liu Lanzhi, who raised her eyebrows in a confused manner.

"The Profound Blossom Sect may be very powerful now, but that was not always the case. Even if she’s one of the most talented disciples in the Profound Blossom Sect, she is only a disciple of a small Sect."

"Compared to the Fang Family, one of the most powerful families on the entire Eastern Continent, even their least talented individuals could become top geniuses in the Profound Blossom Sect without much effort."

"Su Yang is right, Sect Master." Fang Zhelan said with a bitter smile. "I may be considered a genius here, but I am nothing in the Fang Family."

"Even if that’s the case, you should not lose to even the most talented individual within the Fang Family now." Liu Lanzhi said.

"That’s probably the main reason why the Fang Family is looking for me in the first place. Now that I am considered to be one of the most talented individuals in the Eastern Continent, they want me to return to the Fang Family to boost their reputation and whatnot." Fang Zhelan sighed.

"If that’s the case, what are you going to do?" Liu Lanzhi asked her.

"What? I’m going to refuse, of course. I have survived for over ten years without their help so why would I need their help now?" she coldly snorted, feeling disgust just thinking about returning to the Fang Family.

Liu Lanzhi nodded with a slight smile on her face, and she spoke, "I see... Anyway, the Fang Family will most likely refuse to leave if you don’t tell them your words just now straight to their faces."

Sometime later, Fang Zhelan and the Sect Masters went to meet with the Fang Family.

In the guests’ lobby, where the Fang Family was getting impatient, the door suddenly opened, and Fang Zhelan calmly walked into the room, followed by Su Yang and Liu Lanzhi.

When Fang Xianjue saw Fang Zhelan’s face, she quickly stood up and approached Fang Zhelan with her arms spread and her face beaming with delight, "Oh! Fang Zhelan! It’s really you! Do you still recognize your own mother? I have been dying to see you again after you went missing ten years ago!"

However, Fang Zhelan took a few steps back and avoided her mother’s embrace.

"My daughter...?" Fang Xianjue looked at her with a surprised expression, seemingly in disbelief.

Fang Zhelan narrowed her eyes and spoke, "I remember you very well, Mother. However, I also remember everything that had happened when I was in the Fang Family, how you all treated me with disgust, like I didn’t belong there, especially you, hence why I left in the first place."

"If you think you can get me to return to the Fang Family, then you are sorely mistaken, as I have a new family now at the Profound Blossom Sect."

"Furthermore, your acting like you never knew about my location for the past ten years is quite bad. With the Fang Family’s influence and resources, I’m sure you knew about my presence here the entire time. The only reason you didn’t come get me sooner was simply because I have become a Dual Cultivator, making my body, the only thing worth a thing in your eyes, completely worthless."

"..."

Fang Xianjue’s face flushed with redness, and her body trembled from anger after hearing Fang Zhelan’s words.

"How ungrateful!" she suddenly exploded, causing her beautiful face to twist until it looked ugly, "To think you would spit on the hands that fed you for more than half of your life despite giving us nothing worthy in return! Just because you have gained some reputation and strength now does make you invincible, Fang Zhelan! If I truly wanted to ruin your life, even the Profound Blossom Sect cannot protect you!"

"..."

The entire room became speechless for a good moment until Liu Lanzhi stepped forward and spoke with a frown on her face, "Senior Fang, your words just now... can I interpret that the Fang Family is threatening the Profound Blossom Sect?"

Fang Xianjue immediately turned to look at her and shouted, "Who the hell do you think you are?! Just because the Profound Blossom Sect received some recognition after the Regional Tournament, it does not immediately put you on the level of the Four Great Families that have had more reputation for hundreds of years!" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"This is why I despise people like you, who become blinded by arrogance after receiving the smallest recognition!"

"..."

The place turned quiet again, and Liu Lanzhi stood there with a dazed face, as this is her first time dealing with someone as aggressive and unreasonable as Fang Xianjue.

"Xiaoru, you should say something to your worthless Elder Sister, too!" Fang Xianjue said to her.

However, when no response came back after many moments, Fang Xianjue turned around to look at her and said, "Why are you being so quiet? If you don’t let these arrogant people know their places, this world will quickly become an unbearable place!"

"Xiaoru...?"

When she saw the dazed expression on Fang Xiaoru’s face, almost like she was enchanted by something, Fang Xianjue’s eyes widened with shock, as she has never witnessed Fang Xiaoru making such an expression before.

She then followed the general direction of Fang Xiaoru’s gaze and finally noticed Su Yang, who was calmly standing by the entrance.

"You are... Su Yang from the Su Family..." Fang Xianjue frowned.

"What did you do to my daughter?" she asked him in a cold voice.

"Hm? What are you talking about? I have been standing here and minding my own business the entire time." Su Yang shrugged with a puzzled face.

"Bullshit! You clearly did something to my daughter, or else she wouldn’t have such a bewitched expression on her face!" she quickly slammed the table before her, causing the place to tremble.

"M-Mother!" Fang Xiaoru finally woke up from her daze after feeling the trembling.

"What were you saying just now? I was kind of occupied for a moment..." she asked while she continued to glance at Su Yang with the corner of her eyes, almost as though she was attracted by some kind of unknown force emitted by him.

"..."

The place turned silent, and everybody in the room was looking at her with wide eyes.