Chapter 554 Fang Zhelan“s Dilemma

Ever since Su Yang entered the room, Fang Xiaoru could not help but stare at him as though she was mesmerized by some kind of seduction technique.

While she has heard rumors of his appearance, she didn’t think he would turn out to be this handsome.

Fang Xiaoru herself was the type to always look down on others, and she rarely acknowledges even people much older than her, much less those around her age.

However, it only took a quick glance at Su Yang’s aura and demeanor for her to recognize his abilities and quality.

And in her twenty years of living in this world, she has never seen anyone like him before, and she has met with a lot of geniuses from the top families and Sects in this world, but nobody could compare to Su Yang’s overwhelming presence.

If only she could follow someone like him for the rest of her life, she would not have a single complaint for the rest of her life.

"Mother, I have decided." Fang Xiaoru suddenly spoke with a bewitched expression. "I want to join the Profound Blossom Sect."

"You what?!" Fang Xianjue cried out loud, her face filled with bewilderment and shock.

"Absolutely not! Have you lost your mind?! Why would you want to be in this small place?!"

"You wouldn’t understand it even if I explained it to you, Mother." Fang Xiaoru shook her head.

"You...!" Fang Xianjue’s entire face fumed with redness.

"Fang Xiaoru wants to join the Profound Blossom Sect...?" Fang Zhelan looked at her with a dazed face, almost as though she couldn’t believe her ears.

Even Liu Lanzhi couldn’t help but stand there with a dumbfounded expression. Fang Xiaoru is without a doubt one of the most talented individuals on this Continent, and if she were to join the Profound Blossom Sect, their reputation would surely rise to a new height.

However, Su Yang’s voice suddenly resounded, "I’m glad that you are interested in the Profound Blossom Sect, but the disciple examination is already over. If you wish to join us, you must wait until next year and pass the exam."

"..."

Everybody in the room turned to look at him with wide eyes and mouths. While Fang Xiaoru wanting to join the Profound Blossom Sect was shocking, Su Yang refusing such a talented person into their Sect was even more shocking.

"You can’t make an exception for me?" Fang Xiaoru asked him in a pleading voice whilst making a disheartened face.

"Regardless of your status, rules are rules. If I allow someone to enter so easily, then the disciples that have taken the examination will feel unjust." Su Yang shook his head, remaining adamant on his decision.

"Then it’ll be fine if I also take the examination? I will even compensate you for the trouble." Fang Xiaoru was also adamant about joining the Profound Blossom Sect.

And she continued, "How about my body? I will give you my body in return for allowing me to take the examination. If I fail, I will still give you my body, and I will also give up on joining the Profound Blossom Sect. My body is still pure if that’s what you are wondering."

"Xiaoru! Have you gone insane, offering your chastity for something stupid like this?! There are countless others Sects out there that would beg to have you in their Sect, and even the Elite Sects would not dare to chase you away! Why must you lower in such a way?!" Fang Xianjue, her mother, quickly interrupted.

However, Fang Xiaoru remained silent, her gaze staring directly at Su Yang’s eyes.

Su Yang showed a smile on his face a moment later, and he spoke, "I must admit, your determination is admirable. How about this? I will let her decide."

He suddenly pointed at Fang Zhelan, who immediately jumped.

"Ah?! You want me to...?!" she asked while pointing at herself.

Su Yang nodded, "After all, not only are you a Sect Elder but she is also your Junior Sister. There are times when Sect Masters have to rely on the Sect Elders." Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

After Su Yang handed the privilege to decide Fang Xiaoru’s fate to Fang Zhelan, everybody in the room turned to look at her.

"Don’t you dare allow her into the Sect, Fang Zhelan!" Her Mother suddenly shouted at her. "I swear that I will do everything in my power to ruin this place if you allow her into the Sect and ruin her future!"

Meanwhile, Fang Xiaoru approached her and lowered her body until she was kowtowing to Fang Zhelan.

"Please, Elder Sister. If you let me in the Sect, I will do anything you want me to," she pleaded, shocking Fang Zhelan.

Fang Zhelan took a deep breath and closed her eyes to ponder.

’When the entire Fang Family mocked me for being useless, she was the only one who didn’t bully me. Perhaps it’s because I am simply too insignificant in her eyes to be bothered, but I was truly grateful that my younger sister did not mock me, as my life within the family would’ve been even more miserable.’

’And as her Elder Sister, even if I am no longer in the family, I should at least listen to her, and if joining the Profound Blossom Sect will make her happy, I shouldn’t take that away from her.’

Fang Zhelan opened her eyes and looked at her mother, who was so angry that she was trembling nonstop.

’Since she’s so desperate and unwilling to allow Fang Xiaoru to join the Sect, she’ll definitely become infuriated if I give Fang Xiaoru the chance, allowing me to get some revenge for being mistreated in the past. But if she truly intends to harm the Profound Blossom Sect afterward...’

Fang Zhelan was feeling extremely perplexed. On one hand, she wanted to be a kind Elder Sister to Fang Xiaoru and allow her to join the Sect and get revenge on Fang Xianjue at the same time, but on the other hand, she doesn’t want to cause more trouble for the Profound Blossom Sect with the Fang Family targeting the Sect because of her decision, as she has already caused massive trouble for the Profound Blossom Sect once with Xiao Bai, nearly causing their downfall.