Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 560 Azure Cloud Sec

A few days have passed since Fang Xiaoru has become a disciple of the Profound Blossom Sect. Meanwhile, at the Azure Cloud Sect, the Fang Family had just arrived at their front doors.

"We have been expecting you, Matriarch Fang." Gu Guanting greeted her at the entrance with a delightful expression on his face, as he has been waiting for this day ever since he learned that Fang Family’s genius, Fang Xiaoru, will be joining their Sect.

However, when he saw the unpleasant expression on Fang Xianjue’s face, he asked her in a worried voice, "Is there something wrong, Matriarch Fang?"

"Let’s hope not," she responded a moment later, and she continued, "Anyway, my daughter, Fang Xiaoru, will be arriving a few days late. I apologize for any inconvenience this may cause to your Sect."

"There’s no need to apologize for such a small matter. In fact, we cannot be grateful enough to the Fang Family for trusting the Azure Cloud Sect enough to let us train Fang Xiaoru, one of the top geniuses in this world." Gu Guanting said with a smile.

Even though he said that the Azure Cloud Sect will be training Fang Xiaoru, in reality, it was Hong Yu’er who will be training her, as there was simply no way that an ordinary Sect like the Azure Cloud Sect could train a genius like Fang Xiaoru.

While they may have finished the Regional Tournament in second place and even had been bestowed the title of Elite by the Xie Family, the Azure Cloud Sect is only worth something because of Hong Yu’er, who has become the backbone and face of the entire Sect.

Without Hong Yu’er, the Azure Cloud Sect is only an above-average Sect at best, but they are definitely nothing compared to a real Elite Sect.

Sometime later, Gu Guanting brought the Fang Family into the Sect and arranged the best living quarters they had available for them.

Afterward, the Fang Family sealed themselves inside their living quarters for the next few days — until the time limit of 1 week Fang Xianjue gave to Fang Xiaoru was up. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"That ungrateful brat!" Fang Xianjue angrily stomped the floor, her face filled with rage. "After all that we have done for her and all of the resources we gave her, she dares to leave the family for the Profound Blossom Sect?! Does that little brat not have a heart?!"

"What should we do, Matriarch? Are we really going to fight with the Profound Blossom Sect?" One of the Elders asked her.

"Are you stupid?!" she suddenly roared at the Elder who just spoke, and she continued, "Did you forget who was at the Profound Blossom Sect?! Xie Wang, the Ancestor of the Xie Family!"

"Even though he said that he doesn’t care about our family dispute, what kind of idiot would believe such a blatant lie?"

"Even if he doesn’t intervene in our drama, the reputation and trust our Fang Family has built over many decades will be lost the moment we attack them, as the Xie Family will definitely side with the Profound Blossom Sect!"

"Then is there truly nothing we can do to make Fang Xiaoru come back to us?" The Elder asked.

Losing Fang Xiaoru, a top genius, would be too big of a loss even for a family as powerful and influential as the Fang Family.

Fang Xianjue sighed and spoke, "Now that the Xie Family is aware of our presence, it’s near impossible to deal with them quietly. It’s unfortunate, but we’ll have to give up for now. However, I will talk to the Patriarch before anything."

After waiting for a few more days just in case Fang Xiaoru decided to show up but to no avail, Fang Xianjue decided to reveal the situation to Gu Guanting.

"I would like to deeply apologize to the Azure Cloud Sect and the Sect Master, as it appears that my foolish child has decided to join the Profound Blossom Sect as a last-minute decision. If there’s anything I can do to make up for this trouble, the Fang Family will not spare any effort."

"Fang Xiaoru joined the Profound Blossom Sect...?" Gu Guanting stared at her with a gawking expression, almost as though he couldn’t believe his ears.

"Hahaha... now this is quite funny." Tang Lingxi suddenly appeared out of the blue while laughing.

"Hong Yu’er!" Fang Xianjue looked at her with wide eyes, as she couldn’t comprehend why she was laughing.

"I didn’t expect this situation, but I cannot say that I am surprised," said Tang Lingxi with a smile on her face. "Well, at least I won’t have to train her now. I should thank Su Yang for taking her off my hands the next time I see him."

"H-How did you know that he was behind this? I didn’t even mention his name..." Fang Xianjue asked her with a puzzled expression, as she’d only mentioned about Fang Xiaoru joining the Profound Blossom Sect.

Tang Lingxi smiled and spoke, "Let’s just say that this isn’t the first time that it has happened."

"N-Not the first time...?" Both Fang Xianjue and Gu Guanting looked at her with a dumbfounded expression on their faces.

"Anyway, you shouldn’t worry too much about Fang Xiaoru joining the Profound Blossom Sect. In fact, I would even go as far as to say that she has made the right choice by going there instead." Tang Lingxi said, and she continued, "She’ll learn more over there with Su Yang than she can in this place with me, as he has far more experience in teaching others than me."

Hearing Tang Lingxi praise Su Yang, Fang Xianjue didn’t know how to react and remained standing there with a dazed face. Could it be true? That Fang Xiaoru would receive more at the Profound Blossom Sect than at the Azure Cloud Sect?

As for Gu Guanting, he felt like crying after listening to Tang Lingxi badmouth the Azure Cloud Sect whilst comparing them to the Profound Blossom Sect.

’Are you a disciple of the Azure Cloud Sect, or are you actually from the Profound Blossom Sect?’ he cried inwardly.