Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 561 A Sense of Connection

"Do we really have to leave already?" Su Yin looked at Bai Lihua with a reluctant expression after being told that it was time for them to return to the Heavenly Swan Sect.

"We have already stayed in the Profound Blossom Sect for longer than we’d anticipated." Bai Lihua said to her. "Although you may not mind it, it’s embarrassing for a Sect Master to stay at another Sect for so long."

"Furthermore, the gathering organized by the mysterious Pill Master who discovered the Earth Advancement Pill will be happening very soon, and I cannot afford to miss such a grand event."

"You should listen to your Sect Master and return to the Heavenly Swan Sect." Su Yang suddenly said to her, and he continued, "I will also be very busy in the upcoming days, so I will not have any time to play with you."

After hearing his words, Su Yin nodded with a saddened expression. "I wanted to stay with you for a little bit longer, but I guess that will have to wait until another time."

"Are you also going to participate in the alchemy gathering?" Bai Lihua suddenly asked him with interest.

"Something like that," he replied with a mysterious smile on his face.

"Are you interested in the Alchemist behind the Earth Advancement Pills, or are you just interested in the pills?" she asked him.

"What about you? Does this mysterious Alchemist attract your attention?"

Bai Lihua smiled and said, "Of course, I am interested in this Alchemist that appeared out of thin air and managed to usher the Cultivation world into a new era with just a single pill. Are you jealous?"

"Maybe just a little bit." Su Yang chuckled.

"Wait a second..." Bai Lihua suddenly frowned. "I nearly forgot about this because of the Regional Tournament, but you claimed to know the real identity of this mysterious Alchemist! And you even promised me that you’ll let me meet with him if the Heavenly Swan Sect formed an Alliance with the Profound Blossom Sect!"

"Did I say something like that?" Su Yang immediately pretended to know nothing about it.

"You... you shameless little pervert! I bet all that talk about refining the Heavenly Swan Sect’s formation is also nothing but a lie!" Bai Lihua looked at him with a slightly angry expression.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Calm down, I won’t break my promise. As for meeting the Alchemist behind the Earth Advancement Pills, I will introduce you to him at the gathering."

"R-Really?!" Bai Lihua’s attitude immediately became cheerful, even feeling the urge to embrace Su Yang tightly from overjoy.

He nodded and continued, "However, I will only introduce you to him. Anything after that will require your own efforts."

"Don’t you worry, I can handle myself," she said.

"Then I will see you at the gathering next week." Su Yang said to her.

Sometime later, Bai Lihua and Su Yin left the Profound Blossom Sect and began making their way back to their own Sect.

After they left, Su Yang also began his preparations for the gathering next week.

Meanwhile, at the Medicine Hall, Su Liqing and her disciples were busy studying the medicine and herb scroll provided to them by Su Yang, which had millions of unique herbs and recipes for medicine written inside.

"Just where did Su Yang obtain such a profound scroll? I do not recognize 99% of the things written in here..." One of the disciples expressed her awe for the scroll.

"Knowing him, it’s probably better if we don’t try to find out..." said another disciple.

It was at this moment a figure walked into the Medicine Hall. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Senior apprentice-sister Sun!" The disciples inside greeted Sun Jingjing, who made an unexpected appearance.

"Are you looking for medicine today, senior apprentice-sister?" One of the disciples asked her.

Sun Jingjing shook her head and spoke, "No, I am here for Elder Lan today."

"Master? She’s currently in her room upstairs."

"Do you think I can speak with her for a moment?" Sun Jingjing asked.

"It should be fine since we’re not really doing anything at this moment besides studying."

Sun Jingjing nodded and began making her way upstairs.

"I wonder what senior apprentice-sister Sun wants with the Master, as she rarely comes here." The disciples pondered to themselves.

Meanwhile, once she reached Su Liqing’s room, Sun Jingjing knocked on the door.

"Come inside." Su Liqing’s voice resounded from inside the room.

A few moments later, Sun Jingjing entered the room.

"You are..."

When Su Liqing saw Sun Jingjing, she immediately felt a strong sense of connection between them, almost as though they have known each other for a very long time.

It was the same for Sun Jingjing. The moment she laid eyes on Su Liqing, it felt as though she was looking at a family member, and there was no awkwardness between them despite barely knowing each other.

"Junior sister Sun Jingjing, right? What brings you here today?" Su Liqing was the first to break the silence and ask her.

"No particular reason, really. Though, I was told by Su Yang to come see you when I have the time." Sun Jingjing said.

"Su Yang?" Su Liqing raised her eyebrows, unsure why he would want Sun Jingjing to speak with her.

"He didn’t tell me why I should meet you, but he did say that I will know it when I meet you..." Sun Jingjing stared at her with narrowed eyes.

A few moments of silence later, Sun Jingjing spoke, "Elder Lan... do you perhaps also have this...?"

Sun Jingjing suddenly lifted her robes to show Su Liqing her Family Mark.

"T-That mark is!" Su Liqing’s eyes widened with surprise after seeing the Family Mark on Sun Jingjing’s body, as her body also has the exact same mark.

Seeing Su Liqing’s reaction, Sun Jingjing immediately realized the situation they were in, and she mumbled in a dazed voice. "I see... so Elder Lan is also part of Su Yang’s Family... No wonder why he wanted us to meet each other..."