Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 562 Returning to Snowfall City

"Elder Lan, you also have Su Yang’s Family Mark, right?" Sun Jingjing asked her just to be sure.

Su Liqing nodded, and she spoke, "By the way, I took Su Yang’s surname, so I am no longer Lan Liqing, but Su Liqing."

"Unbelievable... I knew there was something special about you when I saw you at the disciple examination. When did your relationship with Su Yang begin? I would never have guessed that the two of you were so intimate with each other if not for the Family Mark." Sun Jingjing asked with her eyes filled with interest.

"Where should I start?" Su Liqing showed a smile, and she began recalling her history with Su Yang, beginning from when he was only an Outer Court disciple.

Since Sun Jingjing also has the Family Mark, it meant that Su Yang completely trusts her, so she wasn’t uncomfortable when telling Sun Jingjing about her relationship with Su Yang, even feeling delightful, as she finally has someone she could talk to freely.

Sometime later, after listening to Su Liqing’s story, Sun Jingjing expressed surprise and admiration.

"Senior Sister, you are actually more daring than I’d expected! To think you have been in a relationship with Su Yang ever since he was only an Outer Court disciple, even ignoring the Sect Rules! I don’t know if I can do the same if I were in your shoes!"

Su Liqing laughed gracefully, and she spoke, "Now that I have told you my story, why don’t you tell me yours?"

Sun Jingjing nodded and began telling her own story, and the two of them remained inside the room chatting about their own background and Su Yang for many minutes, acting like they were real sisters.

Meanwhile, after he finished his preparations for the gathering, Su Yang went to check on Yan Yan.

"As expected of someone favored by the Heavens... it’s only been a few days since I last saw you and your cultivation has already risen by a level." Su Yang praised her ridiculous cultivation speed.

"This is all because of the cultivation technique you gave me, Master." Yan Yan said, and she continued, "It also helps having so many spirit stones."

Su Yang nodded and said, "You’ll reach the Heavenly Spirit Realm by the end of the year at this rate."

After checking up on Yan Yan, Su Yang went to see Zhang Xiu Ying, who was also progressing smoothly with the cultivation technique he created for her.

"Su Yang! This cultivation technique you created is phenomenal! It feels as though I am still cultivating the Burning Lotus Sect’s technique, but it’s countless times faster!" Zhang Xiu Ying said.

"I’m glad you like it. Anyways, I will be away from the Sect for a few days, so if you need anything, just look for Liu Lanzhi, or you can contact me using the communication jade slip," he said.

Zhang Xiu Ying nodded.

Sometime later, Su Yang left the Profound Blossom Sect and went to look for Wang Shuren at the Burning Lotus Sect.

"Su Yang, you have arrived faster than I’d anticipated," Wang Shuren said after letting him into her house.

"I want to concoct a few pills before the gathering, and all of the ingredients are here."

"Oh? Can I watch?" she quickly asked him with her eyes filled with excitement.

"Do whatever you want," he said before entering the pill room.

A few minutes later, Su Yang began concocting pills while Wang Shuren watched him in the corner, looking like a child filled with amusement.

’It is exciting no matter how many times I watch him concoct pills. There’s just something very mesmerizing about his movements, and it feels almost like I am watching a concert.’

In what felt like a blink of her eyes, Su Yang finished concocting a dozen unique pills.

"What are you going to do with those pills?" she asked him afterward.

"You will see during the gathering," he said with a mysterious smile.

"Anyway, are you ready for the gathering?" He asked her a moment later.

"Yes, the location for the gathering has already been set up, and I have just been waiting for you."

Su Yang nodded and said, "Good, then let’s go to the location right now."

"Right now? The gathering isn’t till next week," she said.

"It’ll only take a few minutes."

Sometime later, Su Yang brought Wang Shuren onto the flying ship for the first time. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Where are we going?" He asked her.

"Snowfall City." Wang Shuren quickly responded.

Su Yang raised his eyebrows. He didn’t think that he’d return to that place so soon.

"Within the city, there is a very spacious gathering area that can fit thousands of people with ease. It is normally used by the Xie Family when they have an assembly with multiple families and Sects at once, so it’s the perfect place to have our gathering. I have already asked the Xie Family for permission to use it, and since Lord Xie will also be at the gathering, he allowed us to use it without any complications."

"Very well. Hold on tight." Su Yang said to her.

Wang Shuren did not think much about it and tightly grabbed onto the flying ship.

Whoosh!

When the flying ship began moving, Wang Shuren felt as though her soul was left behind by the insanely fast speed they were traveling at, and before she could even calm down, they’d already arrived at Snowfall City.

"Ugh... I feel like throwing up..." Wang Shuren had trouble standing still afterward, even tripping on the boat when she tried to get off.

"Are we already at Snowfall City? Just how fast can the flying ship travel?"

"It can travel thousands of miles in the blink of an eye," he said with a smile.

"Unbelievable..."

Once Wang Shuren calmed down, the two of them entered the city.

Although it cannot compare to the time of the Regional Tournament, when there were millions of people trying to enter the city, there are still a considerable number of people trying to get into the city at this moment.

And unlike the previous time, they were able to enter the city without any problems.

However, right as they entered the city, Su Yang could hear the sound of a whip cracking, followed by a familiar-sounding voice screaming in pain.