Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 577 Accepting Three Beautiful Disciples

"Umm... since we are the only three people that have passed all three exams, does this automatically make us your disciple?" Bai Lihua asked him sometime later.

Su Yang nodded, "That’s right. Unless you don’t want to become my disciple."

"It’s not that I don’t want to become the Senior’s disciple, but I am the Sect Leader of an Elite Sect... I cannot simply push away my responsibilities as a Sect Leader just to learn Alchemy. And to be completely honest, I did not expect to last till the end, much less become your disciple... I don’t even know anything about Alchemy."

"You don’t have to worry about pushing away your responsibilities, because I won’t take up much of your time. If you are willing to become my disciple, I will give you some techniques to study alone, and if you ever need advice, I will be there for you." Su Yang said to her.

"As for knowing nothing about Alchemy... isn’t that the same for everyone when they try to walk a new path?"

"However, if you are serious about trying to become the best Alchemy Master in this world, then I will have to train you more seriously, and that will take up more of your time."

"Now, are you willing to accept me as your Master?" Su Yang asked the three ladies that stood before him.

"Cai Yan greets Master." The daughter of the Cai Family was the first one to accept him as Master, kowtowing without hesitation.

After pondering for a moment, Bai Lihua also kowtowed before him, "Bai Lihua greets Master."

If she becomes the disciple of someone as powerful as him, the Heavenly Swan Sect will also benefit from it. Furthermore, despite knowing nothing about Alchemy, she is always eager to learn something new, especially if she has the talent for it.

The only one who has yet to decide right now was Luo Yixiao, who was silently staring at Senior Zeng, almost as though she was asking for permission.

"What are you doing, you silly child? Hurry up and greet your new Master! If I were in your shoes, I wouldn’t even hesitate!" Senior Zeng quickly said to her. "Although my abilities cannot compare to Senior Alchemist, you will always be my disciple in my heart."

Hearing his words, Luo Yixiao nodded her head, before kowtowing to Su Yang.

"Luo Yixiao greets her new Master."

"I have said this before, but you don’t need to abandon your current Master in order to become my disciple. After all, I will only be your Master for at most two years, before I leave this place." Su Yang said to her.

"Eh? Will you be returning to the Holy Central Continent in two years, Senior?" Senior Zeng asked him.

"Something like that, I guess." He nodded, and continued, "Anyway, I will teach you everything I can for the next two years. After that... you will have to start studying by yourself."

"I will begin my first lecture next month. You can do whatever you want until then. Once it’s time for the lecture, I will come to find you."

"However, before you leave, take these techniques and study them until our lecture." Su Yang then handed to each of them a couple of techniques for Alchemy.

"Thank you, Master!"

He then turned to look at Bai Lihua and said, "Regarding our private conversation, I will find you at the Heavenly Swan Sect in a few days."

"I understand, Master. I will prepare for your arrival." Bai Lihua nodded.

Sometime later, Su Yang dismissed the three of them.

"Is this it?" Wang Shuren asked him afterward.

"Yes, we are done for now. Were you expecting something else?" he said.

"I thought you were going to teach them a thing or two before letting them leave."

"Teaching Alchemy is not like teaching them Cultivation. They need to fully understand the basics before we can even start. And it’s more effective to teach them like this."

"Anyway, I will be returning to the Profound Blossom Sect now. What are you going to do, Lingxi?" he asked her.

"Hmm... thanks to someone stealing my disciple, my schedule has unexpectedly opened up, so I think I will have some fun at the Profound Blossom Sect," she responded a moment later. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"What? Someone stole your disciple?" Su Yang looked at her with wide eyes.

He was more shocked by the fact that she would even accept a disciple than anything else.

"Well, I owed a favor to the Azure Cloud Sect’s Leader for a few things, and he wanted me to train some brat from one of the Four Great Families in return. However, before she could even arrive at the Sect, she joined another Sect. What do you think, my darling? Does this situation sound familiar to you?"

"Well, this is truly unexpected." Su Yang laughed out loud after realizing the situation.

"Anyway, you are more than welcomed to stay in the Profound Blossom Sect," he continued a moment later.

Tang Lingxi nodded and said, "I will head to the Profound Blossom Sect after I return to the Azure Cloud Sect to let them know about my whereabouts."

After saying that, Tang Lingxi left the Assembly Hall.

"Well, I will be returning to the Burning Lotus Sect and continue with my own training. I cannot let these new disciples surpass me even if it kills me." Wang Shuren said to him.

"Take these with you." Su Yang suddenly tossed a small bottle filled with pills to her.

"What are these?" she asked.

"Consume one of them before you start concocting pills. It’ll help with your concentration. As for the pill itself, I will let you figure it out yourself."

"Oh? Is this a challenge for me?" Wang Shuren suddenly spoke with a smile.

"That wasn’t my intention, but since you mentioned it, if you cannot figure out the ingredients by the next time I visit you, I will make sure that you won’t be able to move your body for the rest of the day."

"I-I won’t lose this time!" Wang Shuren said in a nervous voice before hurrying away, as she cannot spare even a second there anymore.

Su Yang also returned to the Profound Blossom Sect shortly afterward.