Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 581 Golden Lion Academy“s Invasion 1

"That sounds incredibly dangerous! And what do you plan on doing once you meet the people from the Holy Central Continent? Don’t tell me you’re going to negotiate with them, hoping they’d leave peacefully." Xie Wang asked him.

"Hahaha!" Su Yang suddenly burst loud laughing, before making a grim expression a moment later.

"Negotiation? There is no room for negotiation, as I have some personal feud with them, and once I see them, I am going to slaughter all of them."

"..."

Both Xie Wang and Xie Xingfang looked at Su Yang with a slightly nervous feeling in their hearts, as they have never felt such an intimidating aura before, and they wondered what those people had done to offend Su Yang.

"Then do you need our help with your preparations?" Xie Xingfang asked him a moment later.

He shook his head and said, "The only thing I need you to do for me is to relax and wait until everything is over."

"T-That’s impossible... After all, this is also my problem, and you are doing this to help me..." Xie Xingfang said, feeling incredibly selfish and useless for letting him do everything for her.

"Don’t worry too much about it since this is how I am." Su Yang said with a smile.

"T-Then can I at least come with you?" Xie Xingfang asked. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"What?! Absolutely not! Why would you want to leave the formation and deliver yourself to the enemy?! That would defeat the entire point of keeping you safe here!" Xie Wang exclaimed loudly.

"Hmm..." Su Yang looked at her with a pondering expression.

"What is your reason for wanting to follow me to the battlefield?" he asked her a moment later.

"Wha—?! Regardless of her reason, I won’t allow it!" Xie Wang quickly responded.

However, Xie Xingfang ignored his words and spoke calmly, "Because I have been hiding for far too long. Besides those that have failed to capture me, I don’t even know the faces of my enemies. I know that I came to the Profound Blossom Sect for protection, but I didn’t plan that because of the formation."

"Instead, I came to the Profound Blossom Sect for your protection, Su Yang, and I am confident that you can protect me even if I am not inside this formation."

"You sure have a lot of confidence in me, who’s even younger than yourself." Su Yang said with a smile.

"The date of one’s birth is irrelevant to Cultivators like us, and that only becomes truer the stronger you are. Even though you may be younger than me by a few years, your Cultivation is already far above my own by many, many years. If you want, I wouldn’t mind calling you my Senior." Xie Xingfang said with a serious expression.

"And I promise you that I won’t make things more difficult for you when we are there, as I have my own methods to protect myself."

After a moment, Su Yang nodded his head and spoke, "Well, I have never missed an opportunity to impress a beautiful woman whenever I can, and I am confident that I can protect you even if they attack me with you in my arms."

"W-Wait a moment, Su Yang! Are you seriously going to take her with you?" Xie Wang said with wide eyes.

He nodded and said, "If you are that worried, you can also come with us. And it’s not like I am going alone."

"What do you mean? Who else will be coming with us?" Xie Wang asked.

"Let’s just call her an expert with unfathomable power." Su Yang said.

"Unfathomable power... and a woman?" Xie Wang immediately thought about Qiuyue, who was the only person who could fit such a description in his mind.

’If she’s also coming, then I don’t have to worry about Xing’er safety at all...’ he thought to himself.

"If there’s nothing else, let’s meet here tomorrow morning." Su Yang said.

The two of them nodded, and they went away to prepare shortly after.

Su Yang also returned to the Yin Yang Pavilion, and he went to find Xiao Rong.

"Xiao Rong, come with me tomorrow. I need you to be there to make sure that he doesn’t run away and as insurance just in case anything goes wrong." Su Yang said to her, who calmly nodded her head.

"Where will the two of you be going tomorrow?" Qin Liangyu, who also happened to be in the room, asked him.

"Well, somebody from the Holy Central Continent will be arriving at this place soon, and I have some business with him." Su Yang said.

"The Holy Central Continent? That place really exists?" Qin Liangyu’s eyes became filled with wonder.

"So even the Southern Region is aware of that place, huh?"

"Of course. Although nobody has managed to go there recently, there are records of people going to that place before."

"When the time comes, I can bring you to that place."

"Really? I cannot wait!" Qin Liangyu said.

"Anyway, you can continue doing whatever you were doing just now." Su Yang said to them before leaving their room.

Sometime later, he knocked on Qiuyue’s door.

"What do you want? I still don’t feel like talking to you yet." Qiuyue’s voice resounded a few moments later.

A bitter smile appeared on Su Yang’s face, and he spoke, "I figured that you should know that someone from the Holy Central Continent will be coming here soon, and I am going to meet him."

"Who...?" Qiuyue asked him.

"The Sect Leader of the Golden Lion Academy."

"That pervert? Why the hell would he come all the way over here? It would take even someone like him many months to reach this place." Qiuyue said in a disgruntled voice.

"Oh? You also know him?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows.

"Yeah... That pervert jumped at me during our first meeting, so I gave him a beating until he was half-dead." Qiuyue sighed just recalling that memory.

’Is that so...? Now I have even more reasons to kill that bastard.’ Su Yang nodded to himself.