Chapter 590 Meeting With the Golden Lion Academy

"Are you sure we should meet them by ourselves? Wouldn’t it be safer to have one of the experts with us?" Xie Wang said to him after they left the flying ship.

"Don’t worry, they won’t hurt you." Su Yang said with a smile. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

A few moments later, they arrived at the Jade Sea.

"I can already sense them. Let’s go greet our guests." Su Yang said before flying above the Jade Sea.

However, not even half a minute later, a large and ugly-looking fish leaped out of the water with its jaws wide open and aimed at Su Yang.

Su Yang merely glanced at the fish before retrieving his sword and cutting it in half with ease.

"They are more aggressive than I’d thought." Su Yang said afterward.

"Of course. They will attack you even if you are clearly stronger than them, almost like it’s their nature to attack anything in sight, and the sea creatures will only become stronger the further you travel. This is why nobody dares to travel the Jade Sea."

After flying for a few minutes and slaying over a dozen sea creatures, Su Yang could finally see a large ship in the distance with his bare eyes.

"No wonder why they dared to sail the Jade Sea. They have such a profound spiritual treasure." Xie Wang expressed awe after seeing the ship that was emitting a powerful aura.

Just like Qiuyue’s flying ship, the ship from the Holy Central Continent is a spiritual treasure with many defensive functions, allowing them to traverse the Jade Sea without fearing that it might be destroyed by the sea creatures.

Meanwhile, on the ship, Patriarch Gold also noticed Su Yang and Xie Wang’s presence.

"One at the Sovereign Spirit Realm and one at the Heavenly Spirit Realm... Are they with you guys?" Patriarch Gold turned to look at the Moonlight Blades messenger by his side.

"N-No! Although I do not recognize the person with the Heavenly Spirit Realm, that expert at the Sovereign Spirit Realm must be the Xie Family’s Ancestor, Xie Wang!" said the Moonlight Blades messenger.

"Xie Family? The current ruler of the Eastern Continent, huh? Did they know about our arrival beforehand?" Patriarch Gold asked again.

"That’s not possible! Even if they somehow found out about our plans, they shouldn’t be here! Something must have happened to the Moonlight Blades!"

"Well, it does not matter what they are trying to do. I can handle the two of them by myself." Patriarch Gold said before he jumped off the ship and soared towards Su Yang and Xie Wang.

During his flight, a massive sea creature almost as big as the ship at the peak of the Heavenly Spirit Realm leaped out of the water and tried to bite Patriarch Gold.

However, Patriarch Gold merely snorted before slaying the thing with a single fist.

When Xie Wang saw Patriarch Gold’s sharp aura, his eyes widened with shock.

"That man’s very powerful! Much stronger than I am! Are you sure we don’t need any backup?" Xie Wang said with a worried frown.

"Are you really an expert at the Sovereign Spirit Realm? I have already told you not to worry. I don’t know what else to say." Su Yang shook his head.

A few moments later, Patriarch Gold arrived before them with a domineering aura.

"What the hell do you weaklings want?" He said to Xie Wang.

"Are you Patriarch Gold from the Holy Central Continent?" Xie Wang wanted confirmation.

"Hoh? You know of me? For someone hundreds of thousands of miles away to know of my name, I must be more popular than I’d thought." Patriarch Gold spoke with a proud smile on his face.

"What is your purpose for coming to the Eastern Continent? If you came here with good intentions, I can guarantee you a satisfactory experience here, as my family rules this place. However, if you are here to cause trouble... " Xie Wang stared at Patriarch Gold with narrowed eyes.

"Hahaha! Are you threatening me? With your strength? How laughable!"

Patriarch Gold was laughing so loud that it made both the Jade Sea and Xie Wang tremble.

Once he stopped laughing, Patriarch Gold spoke with a grin on his face, "I have only one purpose here! Bring me the woman with the Divine Body! Since you are from the Xie Family, you should know who I am talking about!"

Xie Wang gritted his teeth after hearing Patriarch Gold’s words. Although he’d already expected something like this, it still made his blood boil in anger.

"What are you going to do if I refuse?" Xie Wang spoke a moment later.

"Refuse...? Hahaha! I am not asking you for permission! I am ordering you to bring me the woman! And weaklings like you do not have the luxury to refuse!" Patriarch Gold suddenly released his cultivation base, causing a powerful pressure to appear in the area.

"..."

Xie Wang felt as though he was an ant before Patriarch Gold’s powerful pressure. It was a powerless feeling that he never thought he’d experience ever again.

"If you do not bring me the woman with the Divine Body, I will flip the entire Eastern Continent upside-down until I find her! And my friends on the ship will also join in on the fun!"

"This fucking bastard..." Xie Wang’s body trembled in anger, and his eyes flickered with killing intent.

"I wouldn’t do that if I were you, old man." Patriarch Gold snickered after sensing the killing intent.

"Even if the two of you attacked me at once, you won’t be able to defeat me, much less the twenty-five Heavenly Spirit Realm experts on the ship that I’ve brought with me."

"Anyway, I won’t waste my breath any longer! You have ten seconds to decide!"

"Like hell we are—"

Just as Xie Wang opened his mouth, Su Yang interrupted him and said, "Okay, we will bring you the woman."

"What the hell are you thinking, Su Yang?!" Xie Wang asked him in a suppressed angry voice.

"Just shut up and let me handle it." Su Yang quickly said to him, and he continued, "Give us a few minutes. The woman with the Divine Body is actually not too far away from here."

"Oh? If what you say is true, then I will give you an hour to bring me this woman." Patriarch Gold said with a pleasantly surprised expression on his fierce-looking face.

"I will be back in ten minutes." Su Yang said.

"Don’t even think about running away, young man, because I will find you no matter where you hide." Patriarch Gold said to him.

"Hahaha... you don’t have to worry about that, as I have no plans on running away. In fact, this old man can stay here with you while I get the woman for you." Su Yang responded in a mysterious voice, causing Patriarch Gold to frown.

’What does this brat have planned...?’ he wondered inwardly.

"Are you nuts, Su Yang?! How dare you leave me here alone with that crazy bastard!" Xie Wang quickly rejected his idea.

However, Su Yang shook his head and said, "If you continue acting so cowardly, your cultivation won’t improve even if you went to the Holy Central Continent."

"W-What do you mean by that?!" Xie Wang looked at him with wide eyes.

However, before Xie Wang could even receive an answer from him, Su Yang turned around and flew back to the Eastern Continent, leaving him alone.