Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 594 Cultivators From a Higher Realm

"The invaders have been taken care of and the Moonlight Blades’ Leader is in your custody. I believe you are safe now, Xing’er." Su Yang said to Xie Xingfang after they returned to the flying ship.

"I...I really don’t know how to thank you for all of this, Su Yang..." Xie Xingfang sighed.

"Are you still thinking about that? I have said this many times already but you really don’t need to repay me, since I am only doing as I please." He shook his head.

"Anyway, what are you going to do with them?" He then pointed to the Moonlight Blades that were still trapped within his formation.

"I’m going to bring them back to the Xie Family and have my son deal with them. If it were up to me, I would slaughter them right here, but that would be too lenient for these bastards." Xie Wang said.

Su Yang nodded and said, "I’ll seal their cultivation bases to make things easier for you."

He then approached the Moonlight Blades and used his sealing technique on all of them, sealing their cultivation bases.

Once that was done, he tossed them on the flying ship and said to Qiuyue. "Let’s bring them to Snowfall City before we return to the Profound Blossom Sect."

Qiuyue nodded, and a few minutes later, they arrived at Snowfall City.

When Lord Xie and everybody in the city saw the massive flying ship above them, they were at a loss for words, feeling as though they were being invaded by Immortals or something like that.

But when he noticed Xie Wang and Xie Xingfang on the flying ship, Lord Xie immediately sighed in relief.

After dropping off Xie Xingfang and Xie Wang along with the Moonlight Blades, Su Yang returned to the Profound Blossom Sect with Qiuyue and Xiao Rong.

"Father, we have caught the Leader of the Moonlight Blades." Xie Xingfang said to Lord Xie after returning home.

"What?! Moonlight Blades’ Leader?! Let me see this bastard!"

Sometime later, Lord Xie was brought to where Leader Lai and his henchmen were tied up.

"You are... General Lai? You were alive this entire time?!" Lord Xie was shocked to see his old general.

"Xie Yimu..." Leader Lai glared at him with narrowed eyes filled with killing intent.

"The Moonlight Blades... is this your method of revenge?" Lord Xie quickly understood the situation and sighed. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Shut up! This is all your fault, Xie Yimu! Now that you have captured me, you can kill me already!" Leader Lai shouted.

However, Lord Xie merely shook his head and said, "I won’t kill you that easily. And because you ran away before we can punish you for treason, we will add that to your crimes and punish you accordingly."

"Guards! Bring them to the Dark Chamber!"

A few minutes later, once the Moonlight Blades were led away by the guards, Lord Xie asked Xie Wang, "Where did you guys find them?"

"We weren’t the ones who found them." Xie Wang shook his head and said, "It was Su Yang who did most of the work."

"Hm? Su Yang? What did he do this time?" Lord Xie raised his eyebrows with interest.

"You are not going to believe what happened..." Xie Wang sighed, and he said, "It’s going to be a long story so let’s sit down first."

A few minutes later, once they were relaxed, Xie Wang began recalling their experience in the last few days.

He told Lord Xie about the invaders from the Holy Central Continent, Su Yang’s real strength, how he handled this entire situation single-handedly, the existence of Qiuyue and Xiao Rong, and the Grand Formation at the Profound Blossom Sect.

By the end, Lord Xie held a dazed expression on his face, looking completely baffled.

"Su Yang... just who is he?! How can a mere Junior have such achievements?! This is simply unbelievable!"

"I have a theory on his real identity, but it may sound a bit far fetched." Xie Wang said with a serious expression.

"Su Yang... he’s the reincarnation of a very powerful Cultivator."

"..."

Lord Xie looked at him with wide eyes, seemingly speechless.

"Do you really believe that reincarnation is real?"

"There’s no solid evidence that suggests it’s real, but if you think about it, we Cultivators cultivate in hopes of attaining immortality. However, we have never seen true immortality before. But despite that, we continue to cultivate and chase after it. Furthermore, it explains why Su Yang has so much otherworldly knowledge that we cannot even begin to understand."

"Su Yang’s supposed to be a Dual Cultivator, but he’s also a swordmaster with unimaginable mastery over the sword. How do you think he achieved such a feat in 17 short years? Even the Son of Heaven would not have such talents."

"What about the Holy Central Continent? What if they are involved?" Lord Xie asked, still doubting such a theory.

"I have already thought about that, but that seems improbable. The invader from the Holy Central Continent was a top expert from the Holy Central Continent, but even he was powerless against Su Yang." Xie Wang shook his head.

"Though, there is another theory..."

Xie Wang took a deep breath and said, "Those two goddesses by Su Yang’s side... they do not belong in this world."

"You don’t mean..." Lord Xie’s eyes widened with shock.

"They are Cultivators from a ’Higher Realm’." Xie Wang spoke with a serious expression, and he continued, "Just like Immortality and Reincarnation, legends of a ’Higher Realm’ that exist in a place where we cannot see or reach through normal means exist. This would explain Su Yang’s existence and why he has so much otherworldly knowledge."

"Cultivators from a Higher Realm..." Lord Xie mumbled with a pondering face.

"Do you think Su Yang would tell us about it if we asked him?" Lord Xie asked Xie Wang.

"We can try."

Lord Xie nodded and said, "Then I will ask him when he comes here to receive their rewards from the Regional Tournament in a few weeks."