Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 596 Take It in the Butt?!

"Anyway, I plan on staying here with you for the remainder of my time in this world until I give this body back to Hong Yu’er." Tang LIngxi said to him sometime later. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Whatever makes you happy..." Su Yang said before falling asleep from exhaustion.

"Have a good rest..." Tang Lingxi proceeded to stare at Su Yang’s peaceful sleeping face until he woke up a few hours later.

After Su Yang woke up, he said to her, "I have to cultivate with the disciples. I will be back in a few hours."

Tang Lingxi nodded and said, "Take your time. I have some business with Qiuyue, anyway."

"Qiuyue?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows in a surprised manner.

"You don’t want to ask me why?" she asked him a moment later.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Will you tell me if I ask?"

"Nope!" she quickly said.

"Then I will see you later." Su Yang said before disappearing from the place to cultivate with the disciples.

Tang Lingxi proceeded to approach Qiuyue’s room afterward.

"S-Senior sister Lingxi! What are you doing here?" Qiuyue was surprised to see her in the Profound Blossom Sect.

"I have to return to my body in a few months, so I want to spend my remaining time here with Su Yang." Tang Lingxi said.

"Can I come inside?" she asked a moment later.

"Please!" Qiuyue opened the door widely for her.

"Anyway, I came here to see how you are doing with Su Yang. Any progression between the two of you?" Tang Lingxi asked her after entering her room.

"M-Me and Su Yang?!" Qiuyue looked at her with wide eyes.

"Yes. I have promised you that I would give you advice from time to time, right? Well, I am here to give you advice, and judging from your reaction just now, something happened between the two of you recently. Care to tell this Elder Sister about it?"

"..."

Qiuyue was speechless, as she didn’t really expect getting relationship advice from the princess of the Asura God Clan. It was so unbelievable that if she’d told anyone about it, they would think that she was crazy.

"Haaa... since Senior sister Lingxi wants to know, I will tell you..." Qiuyue sighed in a defeated voice.

"Well, it started like this... A few days ago Su Yang came to my room... and I requested a massage... then one thing led to another..." Qiuyue proceeded to recall her experience with him to Tang Lingxi.

Tang Lingxi showed a surprised expression by the end, and she spoke in a praising voice, "To tell you the truth, I did not expect such massive progress in such a short time! To think you got fingerfucked by Su Yang!"

"F-Finger—?!" Qiuyue’s face flushed with redness after hearing such a vulgar word coming out of Tang Lingxi’s mouth, and she’d even said it with such a casual tone.

"At this rate, it won’t be long before you have sex with him!" Tang Lingxi continued to speak.

"Eh?" However, Qiuyue looked at her with a puzzled expression.

"What do you mean by ’it won’t be long’? I cannot do that with him because of the curse..."

"Hm? I know that you can’t. But I am talking about something else." Tang Lingxi said, and she continued, "Perhaps... you do not know about it?"

"Know about what, Senior sister? Stop being so vague and tell me already..." Qiuyue spoke with her heart filled with nervousness and anticipation.

"Although the people from the Sacred Moon Palace cannot have normal sex with outsiders because of the curse in their blood, as long as the penetration is not in your vagina, you can still have sex with Su Yang. In other words, you can take it in the butt without activating the curse. It’s a loophole that even the Moon God cannot prevent." Tang Lingxi explained to her.

"T-Take it in the butt?!?!" Qiuyue’s eyes widened like saucers and her jaw dropped to the floor from shock. She hasn’t even had the chance to experience normal sex yet! How could she possibly do something like that?!

"It may sound scary at first, but I can guarantee you that it’s not bad at all!" Tang Lingxi spoke with a confident expression, almost as though she was plenty experienced in that matter.

"D-Does this mean Senior sister Lingxi also..." Qiuyue looked at her with wide eyes.

"Of course." Tang Lingxi nodded without hesitation. "When you spend enough time with someone, you are bound to want to try something new. And that’s exactly what I did with Su Yang."

"I don’t know if I can do it..." Qiuyue sighed, and she continued, "After all, I don’t even have any normal experiences..."

"Who cares about that? Whether you take it in the front or in the back first doesn’t matter at all, as you are still embracing the person you love. Don’t you want to do that kind of stuff with Su Yang? I thought your kind of people enjoys doing that kind of stuff." Tang Lingxi said to her.

"What? Who said that?! I don’t have any urges of that kind!" Qiuyue quickly denied her claims.

However, Tang Lingxi was not convinced and said, "I guess you still haven’t ’awakened’ yet because you are still pure. However, once you reach a certain age or lose your virginity, you’ll eventually start craving for that kind of desire."

"What do you mean by ’awakened’?" Qiuyue looked at her with a dumbfounded look. How does an outsider know more than her about her own race?

"Did your parents really not teach you anything about your own bloodline? You are the Moon God’s daughter, too! It’s simply unbelievable how you know so little about your own background." Tang Lingxi shook her head.

"..."

Qiuyue remained silent, as she had no excuses to make regarding her own ignorance.

"Haaaa... Whatever. I’ll tell you everything I know about the Sacred Moon Palace and your people. Though, if you want to know more, you should speak with Su Yang, as he’d personally lived there before." Tang Lingxi sighed.

Qiuyue nodded, and she wore a serious expression on her face as she waited for Tang Lingxi to speak.