Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

603  One in Ten Thousand Women

"Ahhhhh~!"

Sun Jingjing moaned wildly as Su Yang pounded her tight cave with passion for over an hour straight, feeling as though her entire body was burning from pleasure.

"I'm cumming! I'm cumming again!" she shouted.

"Ahhhhh!"

Sun Jingjing panted heavily afterward. She had climaxed so many times during the past hour that she has long lost count.

"Haaa… haaaa… haaa…"

Su Yang stopped moving to let Sun Jingjing rest. However, the breaks did not last very long, and Su Yang began moving his hips before Sun Jingjing could fully recover from her previous climax.

"Ahhhhh~!" Sun Jingjing tightly grasped the bedsheets, her body trembled uncontrollably, and she released another round of Yin Qi a few moments later.

However, Su Yang did not stop his movements this time and continued to thrust his shaft into her body, stimulating the pleasure even further.

Although Sun Jingjing was releasing her Yin Qi every few minutes, it felt to her as though she was constantly climaxing every second without any breaks, yet she did not tell Su Yang to stop, fully indulging herself in this endless cycle of pleasure.

A few more hours had passed since they started cultivating, yet the two of them remained on the bed and embracing each other.

However, Sun Jingjing was no longer moaning, as she had long lost her voice from moaning too much, and her body was soaked in sweat, looking as though she'd just left a bathtub filled with water.

A few more minutes later, Sun Jingjing suddenly cried out loud. However, it was not the usual pleasant-sounding voice but a painful one instead.

And hearing this painful cry, Su Yang immediately stopped moving and said, "This is your limit. If I continue any further, it will really harm your body."

Sun Jingjing did not respond and merely nodded her head slightly, as that was all of the energy she could muster at this moment.

Su Yang then removed his shaft from her body and went to retrieve his storage ring.

A few moments later, he returned to Sun Jingjing's side with a pill in his hand.

He then tossed the pill into his own mouth and crushed it into tiny pieces, before drinking some water and kissing Sun Jingjing, pushing the melted pill into her mouth and down her throat.

The pill did not immediately help Sun Jingjing recover, so he carried her to the bathroom to wash her body in the meantime.

After washing the sweat and his Yang Qi off her body, Su Yang retrieved a clean bed from his storage ring and exchanged it for the dirty one before gently laying her body on it.

A few minutes later, when Sun Jingjing recovered enough energy to speak, she said to him in a low voice, "I thought that I would be able to pleasure you for half a day at least, but alas…"

"Don't worry about it, you did great for someone who's not used to hardcore cultivation." Su Yang said to her with a smile.

"Tell me the truth, Su Yang… How much of your true ability did you use just now?" she asked him.

"About thirty percent." Su Yang said.

"Thirty percent…" Sun Jingjing laughed in a dispirited manner and sighed afterward, "Looks like I am still very far away from accepting all of you."

"Don't look so down. Out of the countless people I have embraced in my previous life, only a handful of people were able to handle me at 90%, much less 100%. In fact, only one in ten thousand women can handle me above 30% even after knowing me for one year."

Sun Jingjing looked at him with a dazed face. Just how many women did he have sex with that allowed him to make out such a statistic? It must be in the hundreds of thousands!

"Get some good rest tonight. Although it may take some time, you'll eventually be able to handle me at my best, and when that time comes, I'll let you experience the pinnacle of pleasure."

"The pinnacle of pleasure…" Sun Jingjing mumbled to herself with her heart filled with anticipation.

'I'm also going to be stricter on myself in training so that I won't fall behind even when we leave this place. Whether it be Sister Liqing or anyone else in the family, I won't lose to them!' Sun Jingjing swore in her heart with a resolute face.

Su Yang left the place a few moments later, and Sun Jingjing fell asleep shortly later. However, because of the hardcore experience today, she will need some time to fully recover, restricting her cultivation for a while.

After leaving Sun Jingjing's place, Su Yang did not return to the Yin Yang Pavilion and instead went to the Medicine Hall.

"Sect Master!" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The disciples inside immediately greeted him.

"Are you here for our Master? She's currently upstairs." They quickly said to him.

Su Yang nodded and said, "Once I am finished with her, I'll cultivate with you girls if you want."

"Eh?"

The disciples there stared at him with dazed expressions.

"After all, I never managed to fulfill my promise to cultivate with you girls again because of the incident with the Million Snakes Sect. If you don't want to, that's fine too." Su Yang said to them as he approached the staircase.

"W-We want to cultivate with you!" The disciples hastily responded as if they feared that he might suddenly change his mind.

Su Yang nodded, "I will let your Master know later."

Once Su Yang went upstairs, all of the disciples there celebrated by jumping up and down, filling the place with joyous laughter and loud noises.

Meanwhile, when Su Liqing heard the commotion downstairs, she prepared to head downstairs to see what had happened, but after seeing Su Yang at the door, she quickly gave up that thought and said to him, "What did you say to my disciples to cause such a commotion?"

"I promised them that I'd cultivate with them later," he said with a smile.

"No wonder…" she laughed at his words.

And she continued, "They have been dying to cultivate with you since they returned to the sect, but they were also afraid that you might reject them because of what happened."

"I wouldn't do anything like that." He shook his head.

"I know, and I told them that, but they didn't want to listen to me." Su Liqing sighed. "Anyway, what brings you here, Su Yang?"

 