Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 604 - Do You Want to Stick It in My Butt?

"I came here to give you something," Su Yang said, and he retrieved a scroll from his storage ring before placing it before Su Liqing.

"This is... a cultivation technique?" Su Liqing raised her eyebrows at the scroll on the table.

"This is a cultivation technique that means a lot to me, and I want you to have it. However, whether you want to cultivate it or not will be entirely up to you." Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"What do you mean by that? Why would you give me something you don’t want me to cultivate?" she only felt even more confused.

"To tell you the truth, you are not suited for dual cultivation." Su Yang suddenly said to her, and he continued, "However, that is not to say that you have no talent in dual cultivation. In fact, you are quite talented in that regard. It’s just that you are more talented with the sword."

"I’m talented with the sword...? But I have rarely held a sword in my life... And I only know the very basics..." she responded with a dazed expression.

"I know this may be very sudden to you, but as someone who’s trained with a sword for a good chunk of his life, I can tell whether someone is talented with swords or not just by looking at their physique, and you, Liqing, have the perfect physique." Su Yang said to her, and he continued, "In fact, your physique is very familiar to someone that I used to know, hence why I chose that technique for you."

Su Liqing then opened the scroll and read the cultivation technique out loud, "Vanishing Sword Dance?"

Despite having never seen or heard this technique before, Su Liqing felt very familiar with it, almost as though it was already in her memories.

"Including me, there are only four individuals who have learned this technique before, and two of them are no longer in this world. This sword technique was created by my first love who was also my first wife, but after she passed away, I took this technique and refined it until I can no longer improve it." Su Yang explained the importance of the technique to Su Liqing.

"Such an important technique... I don’t think I can accept it..." Su Liqing said after hearing his words.

However, Su Yang shook his head and said, "No matter who it once belonged to or what importance it may hold, cultivation techniques are meant to be passed down, or it will lose all of its meanings. I do not wish for this technique to disappear through the passage of time, nor do I want to give it to just anybody, so I am going to give it to you, who I care deeply enough to entrust such an important technique. Furthermore, you have the same physique as my first wife who created this technique. There’s simply nobody in this world that’s more fitting than you to have this technique."

"Su Yang..." Su Liqing was speechless at this moment, as she was overwhelmed by her emotions.

Sometime later, Su Liqing asked him, "If I decide to learn this technique, will you still cultivate with me?"

"Of course." Su Yang immediately nodded without even needing to think about it. "The Vanishing Sword Dance is mostly a martial technique. If you wish to improve your cultivation, you still have to cultivate normally. If you want, you can even become a dual cultivator and a swordmaster at the same time, like me."

"Thank you, Su Yang, for entrusting me with such a precious technique..." she said with a beautiful smile on her face.

"You can find me whenever you decide to start practicing the technique; I’ll guide you step by step."

"I will start practicing tomorrow!" she said.

Sometime later, Su Liqing asked him, "Do you have anything else for me, Su Yang?"

"No, I don’t. Do you have anything for me?" he shook his head.

"Of course. I cannot accept a gift from you without properly thanking you." Su Liqing then stood up and grabbed his hands, before pulling him towards the bed a few meters away.

"Now that we have so many new disciples, I have been so busy with work that I haven’t been able to see you recently. But now that you are here, I can finally have some fun."

Su Liqing gently pushed Su Yang onto the bed before kneeling before his legs and approaching his crotch with her hands.

A few moments later, she loosened the area between his legs, allowing his dragon to soar freely.

"Mmm..."

Su Liqing shoved the entire shaft into her mouth in one go and began moving her head back and forth.

Su Yang closed his eyes and fully indulged himself in Su Liqing’s soft lips and skillful tongue, allowing her to savor his big brother until she was satisfied.

Many minutes later, Su Liqing removed her lips from his shaft and stood up while loosening her own robes.

She then sat directly on his lap, shoving his thick rod into her wet cave.

"Ahhhn~!" Su Liqing m.o.a.ned softly, feeling a tingly sensation coursing through her body.

She began moving her h.i.p.s shortly later, riding Su Yang’s shaft elegantly.

Meanwhile, Su Yang silently stared at her beautifully shaped and soft buttocks from behind, watching them shake from the impact and feeling a strong urge to grab them.

A few moments later, Su Yang gave in to his urges and reached for Su Liqing’s buttocks, firmly grabbing them with his large hands.

"Ahhhh~" Su Liqing m.o.a.ned loudly in response to his touch, and she turned around to look at him with a seductive look.

"I’ve noticed this for a while now, but you really like touching my butt," she said to him with a teasing smile.

"It’s a flawless piece of treasure, after all. I can’t help but want to touch it whenever I see it." Su Yang said without feeling any shame.

Su Liqing suddenly stopped moving her body and said to him a moment later in a somewhat hesitant voice, "Then... do you want to stick it in my butt?"