605  Spreading Her Buttocks Wide Open

"..."

Su Liqing silently stared at Su Yang with a somewhat dazed expression.

When she realized what she'd just said to him, her face flushed with redness.

'Oh no! I spoke too hastily just now! What if he thinks of me as some weird girl now?!' she cried inwardly, feeling the urge to jump into a hole.

"F-Forget what I said just now! I was only joking—" she said to him a moment later.

However, Su Yang interrupted her with a smile on his face, "There's no need to feel embarrassed about it. No matter which hole you want me to pleasure, I will do so to the best of my abilities. Furthermore, it's not as though I have no experience with that hole. In fact, there are plenty of people who prefer it in the back. Come, stick your butt towards my way."

Su Liqing was speechless, feeling as though she'd heard the last sentence somewhere before.

"A-Are you sure…? You won't think I'm weird?" she asked him again just in case.

"There's no way that I would think you're weird just because you want to experience something new, Liqing. I have had even weirder requests before. In fact, I think you are brave for taking it in the back, as not many women are willing to do this." Su Yang said.

Hearing his words and seeing his serious expression, Su Liqing eventually nodded her head.

She then crawled on the bed in the doggy position with her beautiful buttocks facing him.

Despite the arousing scene, Su Yang did not immediately stick his shaft in her butt and instead took a moment to admire the view of Su Liqing's butt and everything in-between.

After engraving this view in his mind, Su Yang approached her behind, before spreading her buttocks wide open for an even clearer view. He then poked the tiny hole that was located directly above her pink cave with his finger.

"Ahhh~" Su Liqing's body trembled at his touch.

"Since this is your first time, I will loosen the hole up a bit before putting in the real thing. This way you won't feel as much pain."

"I-It's going to be painful?" Su Liqing asked him with a nervous expression. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"It will hurt in the beginning, but once the hole starts to spread and loosen itself, you will feel only pleasure afterward."

"Okay…" Su Liqing nodded her head, entrusting her butthole to him.

"I'm going to start with one finger," said Su Yang as he gently pushed one of his fingers into her tiny hole. "Ahhh!" Su Liqing moaned loudly, and she could feel her butthole slowly spreading widely.

'This feeling is only one finger?!' Su Liqing was greatly shocked, as it felt like there was more than one finger currently inside her butthole.

And if a single finger already feels so big, she cannot imagine what will happen when Su Yang sticks the real thing into such a tiny hole.

'Is it even going to fit inside?' she thought to herself.

A few minutes later, once the hole was loose enough, Su Yang increased from one finger to two fingers.

"Ahhhhh~!"

The feeling of two fingers inside her butthole was vastly different than having only one, and it was a whole new level of pleasure, causing Su Liqing to climax through the front hole.

"S-Su Yang… this is…"

"Do you like it?" he asked her.

"Un…" she nodded in a bashful manner.

"Then let's loosen it up some more with just the tip…"

Su Yang removed his fingers and poked her butthole with the tip of his penis.

Her body suddenly trembled violently, and her front cave gushed with Yin Qi, soaking the bed.

11:48

"Haaa… haaa…" Su Liqing collapsed on the bed afterward with heavy panting.

"Heavens!" Su Liqing cried out loud from shock. "T-This is just the tip?!"

She thought her butthole was going to tear in half just now, feeling excruciating pain from it.

"Do you want to stop now?" Su Yang asked her after seeing her painful expression.

"N-No… I can handle it…" she shook her head.

"Then I will start moving now," he said to her before he slowly moved his hips, poking her small hole with just the tip of his shaft.

"Ahhh~"

"Aaaaaaah~"

"Aaahn!"

Su Liqing moaned loudly. Although it was painful at first, as her butthole started stretching wider, the pain also lessened, and very soon, there was only pleasure coming from her butthole.

A few minutes later, Su Liqing said to him in a pleading voice, "You can insert the whole thing inside now, Su Yang."

Hearing her words, Su Yang responded by pushing his shaft deeper into her narrow hole— until his entire rod inside her tunnel, feeling his shaft being tightly squeezed by her insides.

"Is...Is it all inside yet?" Su Liqing asked him a moment later.

"Yes, it is. How do you feel?"

"Painful... but it's endurable," she responded in a low voice.

And she continued, "You can start moving. I can endure it."

Su Yang nodded and began moving his hips shortly later.

"Ahhh!"

Su Liqing bit down on her lips from the pain of her butthole being pierced by a massive shaft that was many times larger than the hole itself.

Meanwhile, Su Yang felt as though he'd just entered heaven from the squeezing feeling from her narrow tunnel and her soft buttocks that pressed against his pelvic area every time he thrusts his hips, not to mention the strong sucking sensation that kept pulling his shaft deeper into her hole.

"Ahhhh! Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh!" Su Liqing moaned without restraint, her expression and voice filled with pleasure and lust.

And every time Su Yang moved his hips, her front cave would drool with Yin Qi, before leaking down her thighs.

A few moments later, Su Liqing screamed with a look of ecstasy on her lustful face, "I'm cumming! I'm cumming, Su Yang!"

Her body suddenly trembled violently, and her front cave gushed with Yin Qi, soaking the bed.

"Haaa… haaa…" Su Liqing collapsed on the bed afterward with heavy panting.

"Keep going, Su Yang… I want you to ravage my butt even more!" she said to him after catching her breath.

Su Yang nodded, and he continued smashing her butt with his shaft drilling deeper into her tunnel.

 