Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

606  Yang Qi in Both Holes

An entire hour has passed since Su Liqing received her first experience in the butt with Su Yang. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Do you want to feel even better than this?" Su Yang suddenly asked her.

"What are you going to do?" she looked at him with a lustful gaze.

Su Yang then tapped the storage on his finger and retrieved a bottle of an unknown substance.

"T-That's…" Su Liqing's eyes widened at this familiar-looking substance.

"So do you want to?"

Su Liqing immediately nodded her head with her eyes filled with desire.

Su Yang then opened the bottle of Euphoric Oil and poured it directly between her buttocks, letting it flow like a river, before soaking his shaft and her butthole with the Euphoric Oil.

"Oh!"

Su Liqing could immediately feel the effects of the Euphoric Oil with her butthole flaring up with passion, and she began moving her body back and forth.

"Ahhhh!"

"Ahhhn!"

"Ahh~!"

Due to the slippery nature of the Euphoric Oil, it made it much easier for Su Yang to move his shaft inside Su Liqing's butthole, allowing her to feel even more pleasure.

And with the Euphoric Oil stimulating her senses of pleasure even further, Su Liqing felt as though she was in heaven at this moment.

"Aaaah~!"

Hearing Su Liqing's enticing moans, Su Yang suddenly grabbed her buttocks with firmness and began pounding her hole even more fiercely.

A few minutes later, Su Yang picked up the Euphoric Oil again and poured the rest of the oil on her back, before rubbing it all over her body.

"Harder! Ravage my butt more, Su Yang!" Su Liqing felt as though her entire body was on fire, almost as if every cell in her body was stimulated with pleasure.

After pounding her body for some more, Su Yang suddenly reached for her breasts from behind and embraced her body.

"Kiss me, Su Yang…" Su Liqing said to him while turning her head around so he can reach her lips.

"Mmmm!"

Su Yang began kissing her with his lower body still moving constantly.

"I love you, Su Yang…" she said to him afterward.

"I love you too, Liqing…" he also said to her as he increased the speed of his hip movements.

Sometime later, when Su Liqing was reaching her limits, Su Yang released his Yang Qi directly inside her butt.

"Ahhhh~!"

Su Liqing suddenly felt a hot stream of liquid shooting up her butthole; it was a weird yet wonderful feeling.

11:49

Once Su Yang stopped shooting his Yang Qi into her a few moments later, he slowly unplugged his shaft from her butthole, leaving behind a gaping hole in her butt that was as wide as his shaft with white liquid oozing out.

The hole quickly began closing itself a second later, but because it'd been stretched to its limit by Su Yang's thick shaft for a long time, it did not return to its regular-sized hole until many minutes later.

"We should do this again in the future. And we should use the Euphoric Oil from the beginning the next time we do this…" Su Liqing said to him after catching her breath.

"Of course." Su Yang nodded.

"Anyway… what about this hole, Su Yang?" Su Liqing suddenly pointed at her vagina and said to him.

"Although my butthole is satisfied, this hole is still craving for your love…"

Su Yang chuckled at her enthusiasm, and he said to her, "Don't push yourself too hard."

"I'm not," she quickly said.

"Okay, but let's take a short break before we continue."

"Un." She nodded.

"Can you hug me tightly?" Su Liqing suddenly asked him.

Hearing her request, Su Yang wasted no time wrapping his arm around her body and pulling her into his embrace.

"I cannot imagine a life without you anymore, Su Yang…" she said to him in a low voice.

"You won't have to because I will always be by your side…" he said while caressing her silky long hair.

Sometime later, once Su Liqing recovered some of her energy back, Su Yang asked her, "Are you ready for more?"

Su Liqing did not immediately respond and merely grabbed his hands and placed it between her legs.

"What do you think?" she whispered in his ear in an erotic voice.

After feeling a soft and wet sensation on his hand, Su Yang stood up with a smile on his face.

Seeing this, Su Liqing laid her on the bed with her legs spread wide open, allowing Su Yang easy access to her paradise.

However, Su Yang did not immediately penetrate her cave and proceeded to tease her petals with his mouth instead.

"Ahhh~"

Su Liqing moaned softly as Su Yang licked her slit clean.

"Stop teasing me and put it inside already, Su Yang…" Su Liqing pleaded in a cute voice when she could no longer control her urges.

After licking her little sister for a few more moments, Su Yang finally lifted his head and stood up with his dragon mighty stiff.

He then approached her cave with his shaft, before shoving the whole thing inside in a single movement.

"Ahhhhh~!"

Su Liqing moaned loudly with a look of ecstasy on her beautiful face, and her eyes uncontrollably rolled back with her tongue sticking out in a vulgar manner.

Seeing her sexy face, Su Yang began thrusting his shaft into her body even faster, and he continued to smash her meat for another two hours before he finally released his Yang Qi into her cave.

"Now both of my holes are filled with your Yang Qi, Su Yang…" Su Liqing said to him with a warm smile afterward.

"If you say something like that, I will want to do it even more." Su Yang laughed.

"If it makes you happy, I will gladly endure it until you are satisfied," she then said.

However, Su Yang shook his head and said, "I will never harm your body for my own satisfaction even if you are okay with it."

"Furthermore, your disciples are still waiting for me to finish here."

"Then you shouldn't make them wait so long. Go ahead and make those girls happy. I will take care of everything here."

"I will come to see you again in a few days," Su Yang said to her before leaving the room some minutes later.

 