Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

611  The Sisters' Teamwork Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Mmm…"

"Aaahn~"

Fang Zhelan moaned softly as Su Yang nibbled on her breasts and teased her lower lips with his hands at the same time.

"I'm cumming, Su Yang!" Fang Zhelan cried out loud before her body trembled and her cave gushed with Yin Qi, soaking his hands with her love juice.

"Let me pleasure you now…" Fang Zhelan wasted no time reaching for Su Yang's stiff shaft afterward.

"Mmm…"

"Mmmmm…"

Fang Zhelan sucked on his rod like an expert, filling the room with erotic noises.

"..."

A few moments later, when Fang Zhelan noticed that Fang Xiaoru was staring at her with an envious gaze, Fang Zhelan said, "Let's pleasure him together."

Fang Xiaoru immediately nodded her head, and she began licking Su Yang's shaft together with Fang Zhelan, before taking turns putting it inside their mouth.

"Mmm…"

"Mmmmm…"

While Fang Xiaoru sucked on Su Yang's shaft to the best of her abilities, Fang Zhelan worked on his treasured jewels underneath with her mouth and hands, making Su Yang feel as though he'd entered heaven.

Sometime later, Fang Zhelan said, "Let me kiss you with this mouth, too…"

She then began rubbing her lower lips up and down his stiff shaft, feeling as though she was grinding against a metal rod.

"Me too…"

Fang Xiaoru followed Fang Zhelan's position and movements and also began rubbing Su Yang's shaft with her lower lips.

At this moment, Su Yang's shaft was being sandwiched by the Fang Sister with their lower lips kissing his rod simultaneously.

A few moments later, the Fang Sisters could feel Su Yang's shaft quickly heating up, before it suddenly exploded with his Yang Qi shooting high into the air and raining down on the sisters, almost like a volcano's eruption.

"It's so hot…" Fang Xiaoru said, feeling as though she just took a shower in hot Yang Qi.

"Let me clean it up for you, Xiaoru…" Fang Zhelan suddenly approached her and began licking the Yang Qi sticking onto her body, instantly dumbfounding her.

Once Fang Xiaoru was clean, Fang Zhelan began licking herself. However, Fang Xiaoru quickly said to her, "Since you helped me, allow me to also help you, Elder Sister…"

Thus, Fang Xiaoru began licking the Yang Qi off Fang Zhelan's body.

Of course, Su Yang silently watched them lick each other with an entertained smile on his face.

When the Fang Sisters were finished cleaning each other, Fang Zhelan said, "Who do you want to cultivate with first, Su Yang?"

"I will cultivate with both of you at the same time," he said, baffling them.

"How... How are you going to do that?" Fang Xiaoru asked him.

"It's simple… the two of you will embrace each other from the front and make a sandwich, and I will insert my thing right between your flowers." Su Yang explained it to them.

"As expected of you, Su Yang… I am always learning new things from you…" Fang Zhelan said with a smile on her face.

She then looked at Fang Xiaoru and said to her, "Since you have a smaller body, I will be on the bottom."

Fang Xiaoru nodded and proceeded to lay her chest on top of Fang Zhelan's chest, essentially giving her a hug.

'This is actually more embarrassing than I'd imagined…' Fang Zhelan thought to herself with a slightly red face. Not even in her wildest dream would she imagine herself hugging her little sister while they were both naked.

Once the Fang Sisters were in position with their bottom lips kissing each other, Su Yang approached them and inserted his thick sausage directly between their lower lips, creating a sandwich with the Fang Sisters' lips.

"Aaaahn~!"

"Aaah!"

The Fang Sisters moaned simultaneously as Su Yang's shaft rubbed against their flower and their pink pearl, and despite no real penetration, they still felt as though they were being fucked by him.

A few minutes later, Su Yang suddenly inserted his thick shaft into Fang Zhelan's cave, before releasing his sauce into her narrow hole.

"Ahhhhh~!" Fang Zhelan did not expect the sudden penetration and filling and moaned loudly.

However, Su Yang did not empty all of his Yang Qi into Fang Zhelan and quickly switched to Fang Xiaoru's hole midway before he continued releasing his Yang Qi.

"Aaahn~!"

Fang Xiaoru also moaned loudly as she felt her hole being filled up quickly.

After he finished emptying his load into Fang Xiaoru, Su Yang unplugged his shaft from her hole. His Yang Qi then flows out from her hole and onto Fang Zhelan's lower lips, creating a waterfall made of Yang Qi.

"That was amazing…" Fang Xiaoru said as she laid on Fang Zhelan's chest with a blissful face.

"You can't fall asleep yet, Xiaoru. We've only just begun." Fang Zhelan said to her with a smile.

"We can continue while she rests for a bit." Su Yang said to her.

Fang Zhelan nodded and laid Fang Xiaoru near the end of the bed so she could move more freely.

And while Fang Xiaoru recovers her stamina, Su Yang and Fang Zhelan begin their second round of cultivation.

"Aaaahn~!"

"Mmmm…"

"Oooh~"

Fang Zhelan moaned in a sexy voice as Su Yang pounded her flower with his meat.

Meanwhile, Fang Xiaoru watched their cultivation with an intense gaze.

'The way Elder Sister moves her body feels so natural. It's so much better than my stiff movements.' She sighed inwardly after realizing the difference in their movements and abilities.

"Aaah~!"

"Aaaaaaah!"

Fang Zhelan continued to cultivate with Su Yang for many minutes, and by the time Fang Xiaoru recovered enough stamina to continue, it was time for Fang Zhelan to rest, allowing Fang Xiaoru to take her place.

"Mmmm!"

"Aaahn~!"

"Aaah~!"

Su Yang proceeded to cultivate with the Fang Sisters, alternating between Fang Zhelan and Fang Xiaoru every ten minutes, and they would continue with this rotation until both of the sisters could no longer move from exhaustion.

At the end of their cultivation, Su Yang released his Yang Qi into Fang Zhelan twenty-one times, whilst Fang Xiaoru could only handle eleven rounds before falling unconscious.

 