Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 612 - Su Yang's Plans

"Thank you for today, Su Yang. I feel like I’ve gotten even closer to my sister because of our cultivation." Fang Zhelan said to him afterward.

"Don’t even mention it. And if you ever feel like cultivating together again, just let me know." He said with a smile.

Sometime later, Su Yang left the place and returned to the Yin Yang Pavilion.

"Hmm... Elder Sister? Where’s Su Yang?" Fang Xiaoru woke up minutes after Su Yang left. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"He already left." She said.

"I see..." Fang Xiaoru nodded.

"..."

The atmosphere quickly became awkwardly silent for the next few moments with neither of them knowing what to say in this situation.

"Umm... Elder Sister..." Fang Xiaoru suddenly broke the silence and looked at her with a serious expression.

"Can you... teach me more about dual cultivation? I want to be able to pleasure Su Yang with my body just like you, Elder Sister."

"..."

Although she was dazed at first, Fang Zhelan eventually nodded her head and said with a gentle smile on her face, "What would you like to know? I will teach you everything I know."

Fang Xiaoru’s face immediately brightened, and she said, "I want to learn how to move my body elegantly just like you, Elder Sister! I also want to improve my endurance so that I can last longer during our sessions!"

"You will naturally improve your endurance and stamina as you cultivate more with Su Yang. There are other methods to improve your endurance, but I believe that cultivating with Su Yang is the most effective method because of how intense his techniques are." Fang Zhelan explained to her.

"As for my movement techniques... While I have never taught anyone before, I will try my best to teach it to you."

"Thank you, Elder Sister!" Fang Xiaoru nodded with enthusiasm.Find authorized novels in , faster updates, better experience, Please click <a href="/book/dual-cultivation_11793789806524505/su-yang&apos;s-plans_50343416311103967">/book/dual-cultivation_11793789806524505/su-yang&apos;s-plans_50343416311103967</a> for visiting.

"Let’s do our best to please Su Yang next time too," said Fang Zhelan with a smile on her face.

Meanwhile, after returning to the Yin Yang Pavilion, Tang Lingxi said to him, "How many girls did you cultivate with today? 10? 20? 30? 100?"

Su Yang merely smiled and said, "I have long discarded the habit of counting each and every single one of my cultivations."

"Regardless, you sure are living the life right now, darling."

"What do you mean?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows at her words.

"Think about it. You are currently living every single day free of worries, simply cultivating with young and pretty girls to your heart’s content. If you wanted to, you can pretty much cultivate with anybody you want in this world without worrying about offending any Immortal or God. And even if you did offend someone, you can simply take care of them with your own strength, as you are an existence that cannot be restricted by this world’s standard."

"However, in the Divine Heavens, it is the complete opposite, as you have enemies in almost every city and island that exists, and some of them are so powerful that even you cannot deal with them without some assistance."

"Have you ever thought about staying in this world and starting a new family— a new life here?" Tang Lingxi asked him with a serious face.

"Has it ever crossed my mind? Of course. However, I cannot simply abandon all of my responsibilities there to enjoy a new life by myself. Even if it may be dangerous and a single wrong step could end my life, I must return to the Divine Heavens and make everything right."

"I cannot abandon you— or anybody for that matter— even at the cost of my own life." He said.

"...What do you plan on doing after you return? Surely, you must have something in mind." Tang Lingxi then asked him.

"I am going to settle down," he calmly responded a moment later.

"Excuse me?" Tang Lingxi raised her eyebrows in a puzzled manner.

Su Yang then walked to the window and stared at the Profound Blossom Sect with a profound gaze and atmosphere around him.

"After experiencing this carefree life, I think I have finally found what I really want in my life." He said sometime later.

"My life lost its meaning the same moment I lost my first wife. I didn’t know what to do after her death, so I wandered the world aimlessly, hoping to find something that could fill the void in my heart."

"One thing led to another, and I learned the existence of dual cultivation. Although it did not fully restore my feelings, it was enough to temporarily fill the hole in my heart, and I continued to hone my dual cultivation skills from that point forth regardless of the trouble I may encounter by doing so. Eventually, just like I’d with the sword, I reached the pinnacle of dual cultivation, and I’d made countless enemies and companions in the process."

"In my previous life, it was constant drama and action, and I never really got the chance to truly settle in one place and relax with my companions, and even when I did, it was only for a short period. However, after being reincarnated into this world and living a relatively carefree life, I have learned something, or should I say I have gained something new?"

After a moment of silence, Su Yang continued to speak.

"I... I want a home where I can spend the rest of my life with everyone I love. I want to create a real family in that place— a paradise that’s free of worries and drama. However, in order to do something like that, I must get rid of any threat that might hinder or prevent my dreams."

Su Yang then turned to look at Tang Lingxi and said in a cold voice, "Therefore, I am going to get rid of my problems once and for all. I have been running away for far too long. The Ten Families... the Four Supreme Clan... the Heavenly Emperor... It does not matter who they are. If they are going to threaten my plan, I will erase them all."

"However, in order to do that, I will need help—your help."

"A paradise where the others and I can spend every day with you, huh?" A wide smile appeared on Tang Lingxi’s face, and she approached him with a narrowed gaze.

"What do you need me— the Asura God Clan to do?" she asked him a moment later.

"I will let you know when the time comes," he said, and he continued, "My priority right now is to return to the Divine Heavens safely. Once I return, I will start the preparations."

Hearing his words, Tang Lingxi nodded.

’So the God of Pleasure with enough connections and resources to move the entire world will finally be using his powers, huh? I cannot wait to see how the Divine Heavens will react once they learn of this...’ Tang Lingxi thought to herself with an impatient smile on her face.

Su Yang continued to stare outside the window at the Profound Blossom Sect.

’Wait for me, everyone. Once I return, I will create a home—a paradise where we can love and embrace each other without a care in the world for the rest of our lives, just like I’d promised.’