Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 621 - A Favor

After spending a few hours concocting pills, Wang Shuren suddenly stood up and said, "I need some advice from the Master. I will be right back."

After announcing her reason for leaving, she quickly went to knock on the door to her own room.

"Come inside," Su Yang’s voice resounded a few seconds later.

Wang Shuren then entered the room and closed the door behind her.

"Let’s quickly do this before they get suspicious," said Wang Shuren as she began removing her robes.

"What are you so scared of? Are you worried that they might stop respecting you or something?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows.

"That’s not it. You probably won’t understand it because you are from a dual cultivation sect but in the normal cultivation world, relationsh.i.p.s between Masters and Disciples are frowned upon," she explained to him her worries.

"Ah, I see..." Su Yang nodded after hearing her words.

"But just because it’s frowned upon does not mean it’s morally wrong or unacceptable. I have done many things that people didn’t approve of and even things that made people hate my guts, but I never cared about others’ opinions and did whatever I wanted." Su Yang shrugged.

"What exactly did you do?" It was Wang Shuren’s turn to raise her eyebrows, her gaze filled the interest.

"The same things I have done for many years— cultivating with beauties," he calmly answered.

"Eh? Why would people hate you for doing something like that?"

"You won’t understand it because you have never been to that place, but there are people— women that many people consider sacred and should never be soiled. Of course, as someone who hates being told what I can and cannot do, I went ahead and cultivated with these women, which caused an outrage."

"Why am I not surprised...?" Wang Shuren said with a smile.

"I am more possessive than you might think, Shuren. Back in the days, whenever I saw any beauty was not already taken, I would immediately get to work and make her mine. As for those that already had partners, if they didn’t mind, I also wouldn’t mind."

"..." Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Wang Shuren was speechless, as it sounded like no women under heaven was safe with him around.

"Anyway, come over here. You’ll catch a cold if you continue standing there n.a.k.e.d." Su Yang said with a smile.

A few moments later, Su Yang inserted his shaft into her hole and started banging her intensively.

"It’s okay to release your voice. I have already surrounded this room with a sound-concealing formation." Su Yang said to her after seeing that she was desperately trying to hold her voice.

"Aaaah~!"

Wang Shuren immediately m.o.a.ned loudly after hearing his words.

And although she was worried about the time at first, once Su Yang started touching her body, Wang Shuren quickly forgot about everything else and only focused on indulging herself in the pleasure.

Time passed quickly, and an hour later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi into her body.

"Aaaaaah!" Wang Shuren’s body spasmed violently as her cave gushed with her love juice.

"I cannot return like this, Su Yang... They’ll immediately realize what we did..." Wang Shuren said afterward with her entire body soaked in sweat.

"Then don’t hide it." He said to her with a mysterious smile on his face. "They will find out the truth sooner or later, anyway."

Hearing his words, Wang Shuren sighed, and she returned to the pill room a few minutes later after tidying her appearance.

However, nobody in the pill room reacted when she returned to the pill; it was almost like they didn’t realize she had disappeared for an entire hour, as they were too indulged in their own training.

"..."

Wang Shuren inwardly sighed in relief after seeing this, and she returned to concocting as though nothing had happened.

"..."

Once Wang Shuren was fully focused on the cauldron, the other three in the room glanced at her without moving their heads.

’Is she really going to act as though nothing happened...?’ Senior Zeng wondered inwardly.

’Senior sister... is quite darling. How can she act so calmly after what happened?’ Cai Yan pondered to herself.

’..." Luo Yixiao was speechless even inwardly, as her mind had been soiled by Wang Shuren’s intense m.o.a.ning for the past hour.

Indeed, Su Yang had lied about the sound-concealing formation, and Wang Shuren’s loud m.o.a.ning was heard clearly by everyone in this house.

As for why Su Yang would do such a thing, there were two reasons.

One, it was an effective training method for her mentality, and finally, he simply wanted to see her reaction once she realized what really happened.

Unfortunately for Su Yang and fortunately for Wang Shuren, the three people who heard the m.o.a.ning decided to act as though it never happened, so Wang Shuren was able to practice her alchemy in peace for the rest of the day.

A few days later, Su Yang said to them, "I won’t keep you guys here any longer, and you can continue practicing at your own place. If you have any questions, you can contact me through Wang Shuren."

He then looked at Senior Zeng and Luo Yixiao and said, "I will come to the Divine Nature Garden again in one month to see your progress with the exercise. If you aren’t able to achieve my standards, you know what will happen, right?"

Luo Yixiao nodded with a serious expression on her face, "I won’t disappoint the Master!"

"Good." He nodded and turned to look at Cai Yan before speaking, "I want you to continue practicing the flame controlling technique, and in one month, I will begin your training. If you show unsatisfactory results, I will also let you go. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Master!" Cai Yan said with a resolute expression.

Su Yang then brought Cai Yan, Senior Zeng, and Luo Yixiao back to their own home on the flying ship before returning to the Burning Lotus Sect.

"What are you going to do now?" Wang Shuren asked him.

"I am going to the Heavenly Swan Sect to see how Bai Lihua’s doing," he said.

"I see... Then I’ll see you again later."

"Wait. Before you go, I need a favor." Su Yang suddenly stopped her.

"You need a favor from me?" Wang Shuren raised her eyebrows in a pleasantly surprised manner.

He nodded and said, "I am going to consume the Hellfire Seed soon, and I need you to help me with gathering partners."

"You’re going to consume the Hellfire Seed? That’s reckless even for you!" Wang Shuren said with wide eyes.

"Don’t worry, I have plenty of methods to keep it under my control."

"Then what do you mean by partners?" she then asked.

"Cultivation partners, of course. Once I consume the Hellfire Seed, my body will become uncontrollably l.u.s.tful and very energetic, and if I don’t relieve that energy, my body will explode."

"You call something like that ’under your control’? And what about the disciple from the Profound Blossom Sect? You have plenty of partners there."

He shook his head and said, "They won’t be enough."

"Then how many partners do you need? And what can I do to help?"

"I need at least a thousand partners, and you can help by recruiting them for me," he said.

"You want me to help you recruit partners? And a thousand of them?!" Wang Shuren’s jaw dropped from shock, as she could have never imagined that such a day would come.

"Wouldn’t it be easier if you did it yourself? I’m confident there is no lack of women out there who would willingly and gladly give their body to you if you asked." Wang Shuren said to him.

"Trust me, it works better when it’s spread through the mouth of others instead of myself. It’s not my first time doing this," he responded with a smile.

"And it’s not as if I am asking you to travel around the world for this. I just need you to tell the disciples in the Burning Lotus Sect that I am currently looking for females who are willing to cultivate with me."

"Of course, I won’t ask them to sacrifice their bodies for free. They’ll also benefit from it."

"Are you going to pay them?" Wang Shuren raised her eyebrows in a doubtful manner.

"What? Of course not! If I am looking for p.r.o.s.t.i.t.u.t.es, I wouldn’t need your help!" Su Yang sighed.

"Sorry... But what are you going to do?"

"After consuming the Hellfire Seed, my Yang Qi will be no different from a priceless treasure as it will contain powerful spiritual energy that will greatly benefit anyone who cultivates it."

"R-Really?" Wang Shuren looked at him with wide eyes. "Will it be able to benefit someone in the Earth Spirit Realm?"

He looked at her in the eyes and nodded, "Forget about the Earth Spirit Realm. My Yang Qi will greatly benefit even those in the Heavenly Spirit Realm!"

"What?! It’s that potent?! You must let me cultivate with you then!" Wang Shuren quickly said.

"Don’t worry, you will be one of the few to receive it first," he chuckled at her enthusiasm.