Chapter 629 The Most Talented Disciple in the Profound Blossom Sec

After dropping Liu Lanzhi and the disciples off at the Xie Family’s front door, Su Yang returned to the Profound Blossom Sect to look for a certain disciple.

Once he descended from the sky and landed in front of a building that was not too far away from the Yin Yang Pavilion, he knocked on the door.

A few moments later, the door opened, and a cute little girl appeared before him.

"Master." Yan Yan greeted him with a bow.

"How have you been doing with your cultivation, Yan Yan?" he asked her with a friendly smile.

"Very good, Master. I reached the seventh level Earth Spirit Realm just yesterday, and my understanding of the cultivation technique is also improving every day."

"That’s good to hear. Anyway, I am here for one thing." Su Yang then looked at her with a serious gaze and spoke, "I want you to cultivate in the Celestial Pond. With your divine body, you’ll definitely breakthrough to the Heavenly Spirit Realm by the time you come out in seven days."

"Celestial Pond?" Yan Yan looked at him with a puzzled face.

"Oh, right. You weren’t there when I explained it. The Celestial Pond is a treasure that will improve your cultivation speed by 100 times if you cultivate inside, and you can only do so once every 100 years. It’s not something you can do every day."

"Master wants me to cultivate there?" she asked him.

"That’s right. It’ll only be for seven days, and I’ll be there with you."

"Okay." Seeing no reason to refuse, Yan Yan nodded her head.

"Good. Come with me."

Su Yang then carried Yan Yan onto the flying boat and flew back to Snowfall City.

"!!!"

Just like most people during their first ride on the flying boat, Yan Yan feared for her life and immediately hugged Su Yang with her entire body.

A few minutes later, they arrived at the Xie Family’s household.

"Welcome to our home, Su Yang." Xie Wang said to him before he could even leave the flying boat.

Su Yang nodded and said, "Are the others inside?"

"Yes. They are all waiting for you inside."

Xie Wang then noticed the little hugging Su Yang’s legs.

His eyes widened when he realized that she was at the seventh level Earth Spirit Realm.

"Is this young girl the genius with that divine body that only recently joined the Profound Blossom Sect? I thought she was only at the fifth level Earth Spirit Realm..." Xie Wang asked Su Yang.

"Yes, she was." Su Yang said with a smile on his face.

"Then you are telling me that she actually managed to raise two whole levels in just a few weeks? What kind of monstrous talent does she have?" Xie Wang spoke with an envious gaze.

If the Xie Family had a genius like her, their power would immensely increase.

"Master is a good teacher." Yan Yan said to Xie Wang with a calm face.

"Hoh? You can look at me in the eyes without trembling? That too is quite rare, especially since you are still so young," Xie Wang nodded with approval. Because of his Sovereign Spirit Realm cultivation base, he would naturally emit a suppressing aura, and it was not something people with a weak mind or low cultivation can withstand, hence why he rarely appears in public.

"Anyway, let’s continue our conversation inside with some tea. It’s the Xie Family’s turn to show you our hospitality." Xie Wang said to them before leading them inside and where Liu Lanzhi and the others were waiting.

"Su Yang! You are finally here!" Liu Lanzhi nearly burst out crying after seeing his face, as she was at her limit from dealing with the Xie Family.

"Su Yang, welcome to our humble home again." Xie Xingfang placed her tea down and stood up to bow to him elegantly.

Su Yang nodded and said, "Thank you for having us." Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Sometime later, once they were all settled down with some tea in their hands, Xie Xingfang said while looking at Yan Yan with wide eyes, "She’s already at the seventh level Earth Spirit Realm? If I recall correctly, she was only at the fifth level during the entrance exam not long ago..."

"Yes, she’s quite the talented one, after all." Su Yang said with a smile.

"So you were thinking about Disciple Yan this entire time, huh..." Liu Lanzhi finally understood Su Yang’s words from before. Yan Yan is, without doubt, the most talented disciple in Profound Blossom Sect’s history, not including Su Yang, as he was basically cheating with his Immortal background. If anyone should cultivate in the Celestial Pond, it should be Yan Yan.

"Do you plan on making her cultivate in the Celestial Pond? I cannot imagine how much her cultivation will grow afterward..." Xie Xingfang spoke in a slightly nervous tone.

If Yan Yan could already cultivate 100 times faster than even the top geniuses of this world, what will happen once she cultivates in the Celestial Pond? It would not shock them at all even if she enters the Heavenly Spirit Realm afterward.

"I also cannot wait for the results," Xie Wang nodded as he looked at Yan Yan with fascination, as he has never seen anyone like her before.

"What about you, Su Yang? I’d expected you to cultivate in the Celestial Pond, too. Why are you giving it up?" Xie Wang suddenly asked him.

Hearing his question, Su Yang spoke with a calm smile on his face, "Because my disciples take priority over me, and as a Dual Cultivator, the Celestial Pond will only benefit me if I had a partner with me."

"..."

The room instantly turned silent as the people there imagined Su Yang cultivating with the others inside the Celestial Pond, staining the holy water with his bodily liquid...

Seeing the awkward atmosphere in the room, Su Yang spoke, "Anyway, ignoring my situation, let’s talk about Xing’er’s conditions. How has your body been fairing lately? Do you feel any pain in your body yet?"