Chapter 634 Elite Sec

Once it was finally Liu Lanzhi’s turn to cultivate with Su Yang, she removed her clothes and removed her seal a moment later, letting the Yang Qi that had been stored inside to leak down her thighs.

"There’s only a little bit of your Yang Qi left inside," she said to him.

He nodded and said, "Don’t worry, I will fill you to the brim later."

"But before I do that, let’s remove the old Yang Qi."

Su Yang began massaging her body with one hand and fingering her wet cave with the other, letting her Yin Qin flush the Yang Qi out of her body.

A few minutes later, once Liu Lanzhi emptied out the Yang Qi from her body, Su Yang inserted his sword into her pink cave that was twitching from lust and desire.

"Aaaaaah~!"

Feeling a massive shaft brushing against her inner walls, Liu Lanzhi moaned loudly, and her body trembled from pleasure.

Pap! Pap! Pap!

Su Yang pounded Liu Lanzhi’s body as though he was forging a masterpiece with his hammer, causing Liu Lanzhi to feel as though her entire body was on fire.

"Yes! Yes~! That is the spot! Do it harder! Fuck me harder, Su Yang!" Liu Lanzhi gazed at him with a lustful face, her gaze pleading for more.

Pap! Pap! Pap!

The large bed began to shake slightly when Su Yang increased his intensity, and Liu Lanzhi’s voice also increased in volume and sharpness.

Many minutes of cultivation later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi into Liu Lanzhi’s cave.

"Aaaaaaaah~! So hot~!"

Liu Lanzhi felt as though a volcano had erupted inside her stomach, yet it was not painful in the slightest but incredibly pleasant instead, and in just a few moments, her stomach was filled with Yang Qi.

Su Yang then retrieved a seal and swiftly sealed her cave entrance without letting even a single drop leak.

"Wow, this feels even fuller than usual." Liu Lanzhi said to him afterward.

"That’s because I actually released more Yang Qi than usual, filling your stomach until it reached its limits," he said to her. "With the Celestial Pond speeding up your cultivation speed, you’ll need more resources than normal."

"I see..." Liu Lanzhi nodded with an understanding face. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

A few minutes later, Su Yang looked at Liu Lanzhi and Disciple Chen and said, "The two of you won’t be able to continue because of the seal."

He then turned to look at Disciple Ji and the female servant, "What about you two? We can do as many sessions as you want."

"I want to do it again!" Disciple Ji spoke without hesitation.

"If... If possible, this servant would like to continue pleasing the Young Master," said the female servant with a bashful expression.

Su Yang nodded and said, "I will keep you both accompanied until you are satisfied."

Thus, Su Yang began another session with Disciple Ji and the female servant, and they would continue to cultivate until the girls reached their limits and collapsed from exhaustion.

Meanwhile, Liu Lanzhi and Disciple Chen watched with envy, and they regretted sealing their lower mouths so quickly.

Seeing this, Su Yang said to them with a smile on his face, "If you want to, we can remove your seals so we can cultivate more, and we will reseal them again at the end."

"You can do that?! Why didn’t you say so in the beginning!" Liu Lanzhi wasted no time tearing her seal apart, letting the Yang Qi in her stomach to flow out like a waterfall.

Disciple Chen followed Liu Lanzhi and also removed her seal, and the three of them continued to cultivate until the following morning.

"Su Yang, are you awake?" Xie Xingfang’s voice resounded outside early in the morning.

"Yes, I am awake. Give me a second to dress." Su Yang said to her.

Once he was fully dressed, Su Yang opened the door and asked her, "What’s the matter?"

"Good morning, Su Yang. I was just wondering if you would like to eat breakfast with us." Xie Xingfang asked him.

"Breakfast, huh? Sure." He nodded.

"What about the others...?" she asked him with her body slightly fidgeting.

Su Yang looked at the girls sleeping soundly on the bed before speaking, "I don’t think they’ll be able to make it."

"I see... Although it’s unfortunate, we still have dinner tonight," she said.

Sometime later, Xie Xingfang brought Su Yang to another room, where the Xie Family and Yan Yan was already present and sitting around the table that was filled to the brim with food emitting spiritual energy.

"This is quite the meal even for a family of your stature. Don’t tell me you eat this every morning?" Su Yang spoke after seeing the spiritual food on the table.

"This is a special occasion. We normally don’t even eat breakfast, much less one this extravagant." Lord Xie said to him.

"Hm? Why are you alone? What about the ladies?" Xie Wang asked him after noticing that the others were not with him.

"Let’s just say they were up all night cultivating diligently." Su Yang responded with a calm smile on his face.

"..."

Xie Wang was rendered speechless by Su Yang’s honesty. To think he’d be bold enough to have sex in someone else’s house and even talk about it without any shame on his face!

"As expected of Dual Cultivators. You people are something else." Xie Wang shook his head inwardly.

"I’ll take that as a compliment," said Su Yang as he took a seat at the table.

"Anyway, let’s talk after we finish eating, or the food will get cold." Lord Xie spoke before reaching for the food.

An hour later, when everyone had satisfied stomachs, the servants began cleaning the table.

Once the table was cleaned, Lord Xie looked at Su Yang and spoke with a serious expression on his face, "I already know the answer to this question, but I still want to ask you about it regardless."

After a moment of silence, he continued, "Are you willing to accept the title of Elite Sect for the Profound Blossom Sect?"