Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Chapter 636 Existing in Another Space

A few hours have passed since breakfast finished before Liu Lanzhi and the other girls in Su Yang’s room woke up from their slumber, feeling sore all over their body, especially the lower part of their bodies.

"You’re finally awake," Su Yang spoke to them from the couch with a teacup in his hands.

"Su Yang? What’s with that look? Did we miss something?" Liu Lanzhi raised her eyebrows.

"Besides breakfast and some small conversations, not really," he calmly responded.

"What?! We missed breakfast with the Xie Family?! Why didn’t you wake us up, Su Yang?!" Liu Lanzhi cried out loud with a pale face. To think she’d skip breakfast with the Xie Family! Not only did she miss such a rare opportunity but she also disrespected the Xie Family by sleeping through their breakfast!

"You were all sleeping so peacefully that I did not dare to disturb it. And it’s only breakfast, it’s not like you missed the Celestial Pond." Su Yang casually shrugged.

"This is not your ordinary breakfast, Su Yang! It’s breakfast with the Xie Family! You have a higher chance at encountering a fortunate encounter than coming across this kind of opportunity!"

"Don’t worry, there’s still dinner."

"..."

Liu Lanzhi sighed loudly before speaking a moment later, "Knowing your character, this ’small’ conversation with the Xie Family definitely isn’t as ’small’ as you make it sound, so what did you talk about with them?"

Su Yang smiled upon hearing her words, and he spoke, "You know me well. Indeed, while the conversation may be insignificant in my eyes, I can imagine that it’ll mean a great deal for you."

Liu Lanzhi swallowed nervously, silently anticipating his next words.

"After some conversation back and forth, it has been decided that the Xie Family and our Profound Blossom Sect will be forming an Alliance."

"What did you just say?!" Liu Lanzhi exclaimed in a shocked voice with her eyes spreading wider than her lower mouth last night.

"You are telling me that we are going to form an Alliance with the Xie Family?!" she asked him just to confirm that she did not hear wrong.

"Yes, and it will be announced to the public after we return to the Profound Blossom Sect." Su Yang calmly nodded his head.

"..."

Liu Lanzhi and the other disciples stared at him from the bed with a blank face, looking like they’d just witnessed a miracle.

The Profound Blossom Sect has formed an alliance with the Xie Family? Does this mean the Xie Family has accepted them as equals? Is such a thing even possible? This has never happened before! It was unprecedented!

"You should take a look at your own faces in the mirror right now. It’s quite entertaining." Su Yang said to them with a smile before he continued sipping on the teacup.

After many moments of silence, Liu Lanzhi finally spoke in a mumbling voice, "The Profound Blossom Sect formed an alliance with the Xie Family..."

She then lifted her head to look at the ceiling and continued, "Are you seeing this, Ancestors? Our Profound Blossom Sect has received the Xie Family’s approval!"

Su Yang shook his head with a smile on his face. Although he thought that she was overreacting, he couldn’t blame her for being excited, as this is without a doubt a monumental step for the Profound Blossom Sect, perhaps even the Xie Family, as they will definitely benefit from this alliance, too.

Sometime later, once they have calmed down, Su Yang said to them, "There’s really nothing to do until the Celestial Pond opens, so just relax until then."

Hearing his words, they nodded.

Many hours later, once it was time for dinner, Liu Lanzhi said to the Xie Family, "Thank you for forming an alliance with our Profound Blossom Sect. I really don’t know what else to say besides that..."

"Don’t even mention it." Xie Wang said to her.

Although he didn’t say it, the only reason they agreed to form an alliance with them was due to Su Yang, and it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that without Su Yang, the Xie Family would not even have considered forming an alliance with the Profound Blossom Sect even if they were still as powerful. In order words, the Xie Family formed an alliance with Su Yang and not the Profound Blossom Sect itself.

"Let’s do our best to support each other, Sect Master Liu." Xie Xingfang said to her with a smile.

"Definitely!" Liu Lanzhi nodded.

After dinner, Lord Xie said to them, "Regarding the Celestial Pond, after checking the seal today, it appears that the place will be opened a little bit earlier than scheduled, so you should be able to enter the Celestial Pond by noon tomorrow."

"A seal? The Celestial Pond is sealed?" Liu Lanzhi asked with a curious look on her face.

Lord Xie nodded and said, "The Celestial Pond does not actually exist in this world; it exists in another space, almost like how storage rings and pouches work. Once the seal is broken, it will reveal a portal for seven days before closing itself again, and you will use that time to cultivate in the Celestial Pond."

"W-Wait a second... You said that the portal will close itself? What happens if we do not leave the Celestial Pond by then?" Liu Lanzhi asked him with an anxious feeling in her heart.

"Well... you’ll have to stay inside until it opens again the next time... in 100 years..." Lord Xie responded with a serious expression on his face.

"..."

Liu Lanzhi stared at him with a speechless face. She didn’t think it would be this dangerous! Though, if one could cultivate in the Celestial Pond for 100 years, wouldn’t that be incredibly worth it?

However, Lord Xie then continued to speak, "I know what you’re thinking, but the Celestial Pond will lose its effectiveness once the portal closes, so you can forget about cultivating there for 100 years."

"But you don’t have to worry about being locked inside since we have a few tools that will let you know when to come out."