Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 641 - Returning to the Holy Central Continent

After entering the portal, Liu Lanzhi and the others found themselves in this purple and pinkish world that appeared to be made of clouds, and even the ground they were standing on was made of clouds.

"What a mythical place..." Liu Lanzhi mumbled in a dazed voice.

The other disciples were also dazed for a moment before Yan Yan’s voice quickly snapped them out of their daze, "The Celestial Pond is over there."

They turned to look at the direction Yan Yan was pointing at, and sure enough, there was a small pond of sparkling golden water with a massive golden tree rooted directly right beside the pond.

This tree trunk appeared to be made of pure silver, whilst the leaves were coated in a golden color, making it look like a luxurious decoration more than a real tree. Furthermore, if one looked closely, the leaves on the tree were dripping drops of golden liquid into the Celestial Pond.

"The Celestial Pond is actually a tree?" Liu Lanzhi was dumbfounded to learn this, and she wanted to admire the beautiful scenery more, but alas, she did not have the luxury to stand around.

"Let’s hurry up and start cultivating!" Liu Lanzhi said to the disciples before entering the Celestial Pond and sitting in the lotus position in the golden water, which was only deep enough to reach and cover half of her b.r.e.a.s.ts.

However, for someone with a short figure like Yan Yan, the water depth was enough to touch her chin.

Once they were all in the cultivating position, they began to absorb the Profound Qi there, which was richer and denser than anything they’ve ever experienced before, feeling like they were drinking fresh water for the first time when they have only drunk muddy water before.

And because of Su Yang’s Yang Qi inside their body, their cultivation base was improving at a crazy rate that would otherwise not be possible even with the Celestial Pond.

Meanwhile, outside the Celestial Pond, Su Yang said to Xie Wang and Lord Xie, "Now that they have departed, it’s time we leave for the Holy Central Continent, too."

The two of them immediately nodded with flickering eyes.

’Oh! How long have I waited for this moment!?’ Xie Wang cried inwardly, feeling like a child who’s going to the festival for the first time.

"I would also like to go with you but I have to watch this place just in case there are intruders." Xie Xingfang said to him with a bitter smile. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"If you are worried about intruders, I can simply protect this place with a formation so nobody can enter." Su Yang said to her.

"Really? I can come with you to the Holy Central Continent?" Xie Xingfang looked at him with a pleasantly surprised face.

"Of course," he nodded.

Su Yang then created a defensive and concealing formation around the portal, ensuring that nobody would disturb the people cultivating in the Celestial Pond.

"Are you all ready to leave?" He asked them afterward.

"Yes!"

They all nodded their heads.

"Good."

Su Yang retrieved Qiuyue’s massive flying boat that he’d borrowed from her before leaving the Profound Blossom Sect and tossed it into the air.

The flying boat expanded in the air until it was the size of a warship.

"What are you waiting for? Get on." Su Yang said to them after boarding the boat.

"No matter how many times I see this treasure, it always leaves me speechless." Xie Wang spoke in an admiring voice as his gaze stared intensively at the domineering ship before him.

A few moments later, once everyone was on the ship, Su Yang used his Profound Qi to fuel the flying ship. However, because his cultivation base is nowhere near as powerful as Qiuyue’s cultivation base, it will take them much longer to reach the Holy Central Continent, even requiring Su Yang to take breaks.

"Do you need our help?" Xie Wang asked him during their second break.

"Only those who have been approved by Qiuyue can use this spiritual treasure, or it will reject your spiritual energy." Su Yang said to them.

"How long do you think it’ll take to reach the Holy Central Continent?" Lord Xie asked him.

"Two days give or take," he responded.

"What if we transfer our Profound Qi to you, Su Yang? Our spiritual energy can be used to recover your own, which should be okay, right?" Xie Xingfang suddenly suggested.

"Hmm... I guess that would work, but it’ll only shorten the journey by a few hours."

"Even if it will save only a few minutes, I still want to be of some help to you. I can’t let you sweat alone while we do nothing." Xie Xingfang said.

Hearing her sincere voice, Su Yang nodded and sat down in the lotus position.

Xie Xingfang then walked and sat behind him, before putting her hands on his back and transferring her spiritual energy to his Dantian through her palms.

"..."

Lord Xie and Xie Wang looked at each other with an embarrassed look on their faces. To think Xie Xingfang would be the first one to offer Su Yang help while having the lowest cultivation out of them. It made them feel ashamed.

An hour later, Xie Xingfang’s back was soaked in sweat.

"I think... this is my limit..." she said to him with sweat dripping down her face.

"Get some rest; I’ll take your place." Xie Wang said to her.

"Un." Xie Xingfang nodded before moving to another location to recover her own spiritual energy.

’Heavens! This is exhausting my spiritual energy at a ridiculous rate! No wonder why Xing’er exhausted her spiritual energy in only an hour! How on earth does Su Yang keep this up for so long while being only at the Heavenly Spirit Realm!? Does he have an unlimited supply of Profound Qi in his body or something?!’ Xie Wang cried inwardly, shocked by how much spiritual energy was required to fuel the flying treasure.