Chapter 642 - The Reason I Like You

"I am at my limit... switch with me..." Xie Wang turned to look at Lord Xie after exhausting his spiritual energy in four hours, lasting only slightly longer than Xie Xingfang despite being at the Sovereign Spirit Realm.

’Haaaa... This will be my first time transferring my own spiritual energy to someone else, and to think it’d be Su Yang of all people...’ Lord Xie sighed inwardly. However, he was not in any position to decline, as Su Yang’s the only reason he’s going to fulfill his dream of traveling to the Holy Central Continent.

A few moments later, Lord Xie swapped places with Xie Wang and began transferring his spiritual energy to Su Yang.

’Good lord! This spiritual energy consumption rate is ridiculous! At this rate, I’ll exhaust myself in two hours!’ Lord Xie was immediately alerted by the speed his Profound Qi was disappearing at, feeling as though he was feeding a bottomless pit with his spiritual energy.

And just like he’d predicted, two hours later, Lord Xie was near emptying all of his spiritual energy from his Dantian.

"This is the most I can assist you for now..." Lord Xie said as he stopped transferring his Profound Qi to Su Yang.

"I can handle the rest myself," Su Yang casually nodded.

"You are one hell of a crazy bastard, Su Yang. You know that, right?" Lord Xie said to him afterward, and he continued, "If not for the fact that you were born in the Su Family, I would’ve mistaken you as an otherworldly being who does not belong to this world and came from the starry sky."

"..." Su Yang remained silent for a moment before speaking, "You are not too far off, actually."

"Eh?" Lord Xie looked at him with wide eyes, and even Xie Wang and Xie Xingfang stopped cultivating to stare at him with shocked expressions on their faces. What the hell did Su Yang mean when he said that?

"Well, there’s no harm in telling you now since the truth will be revealed sooner or later." Su Yang stopped the flying ship and stood up.

He then looked at the Xie Family and spoke with a serious but calm expression on his face, "I may have been born in this world, but this is not my first life, as I have memories of my previous life from another world as an Immortal."

"..."

After a long moment of silence, Xie Wang spoke in a trembling voice, "Y-Y-You mean... like reincarnation...?" Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Su Yang nodded and said, "Although I do not know if it was really reincarnation or not, we might as well see it as such."

He then retrieved an Appearance Reforming Pill and swallowed it.

A moment later, his appearance changed, becoming more handsome and mature.

"My physical body may only be 18 years old, but I have been alive for thousands of years..."

After a few more moments of silence, Lord Xie began laughing out loud, "N-No wonder why you are so powerful at such a young age! I knew it was impossible for someone to have such otherworldly talents! Does this mean Hong Yu’er is also the reincarnation of an Immortal, and she has retained the memories of her previous life!?"

"No, Hong Yu’er’s situation is a little bit special, but she’s without a doubt a normal human that was born in this world," Su Yang said, and he continued, "However, just because I have an advantage with my Immortal memories does not mean such talents cannot exist. Although you are not aware, there are countless geniuses from where I’m from that can turn your views of the cultivation world upside down with their talents."

"W-What about those two goddesses?! Are they also Cultivators from your world?!" Xie Wang asked him, feeling as though he was experiencing enlightenment with so much otherworldly information.

"Un." Su Yang nodded.

"Unbelievable... to think there actually exist other worlds beyond this sky..." Xie Wang looked at the clear sky with a dazed face.

"Su Yang... when you say that you will be leaving this place in the future and that you might not return, are you saying that you will be returning to your world— the world you came from?" Xie Xingfang spoke for the first time.

"That’s right. Are you disappointed after learning the truth? That I am not some genius young man like you had thought?" Su Yang suddenly asked her.

However, Xie Xingfang quickly shook her head and said, "That’s wrong, Su Yang! I am not disappointed! Although I do not know how to explain this feeling in my heart right now, it’s definitely not disappointment!"

And she continued after taking a deep breath, "What I like about you— The reason I like you, Su Yang, is not because of your talent. The reason I like you, Su Yang, is because of the way you talk to me and the way you look at me. I like your calm and soothing voice when you are speaking to me, and I like how you can look directly into my eyes so gently. You are the only person who can stare at me without making me feel uncomfortable. In fact, I like it when you look at me with those clear eyes."

"Therefore, even if you weren’t a genius who can dominate the cultivation world, I would still..." Xie Xingfang suddenly stopped her sentence, not daring to continue any further, fearing that she might really fall in love with him if she did.

Meanwhile, Lord Xie and Xie Wang were staring at her with gawking expressions on their faces, not daring to believe what they’d just heard. Although Xie Xingfang did not finish her sentence, even an idiot with no experience in romance would be able to tell what she wanted to say.

As for Su Yang, he held a gentle smile on his face this entire time, and he spoke a moment later, "I am flattered by your feelings, and if you ever feel like continuing that sentence, I will always be willing to listen."

"Un..." Xie Xingfang nodded with her face flushed with redness, as this is probably the most embarrassing thing she has ever said to anyone in her life.