Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 643 - A Frog in a Well

"What? You guys don’t have any questions regarding my background as an Immortal? I expected to be flooded by questions, you know?" Su Yang said to them sometime later.

"Uhh..."

Xie Wang and Lord Xie exchanged awkward glances with each other. Now that they are aware of Su Yang’s real identity, they no longer dare to speak with him so casually, especially knowing that he’s an Immortal with countless more experience than them.

"I know you have some questions. Go ahead and ask— I won’t bite." Su Yang said, even urging them to question him for some reason.

"T-Then I have a question for you..." Xie Wang raised his hand like an obedient disciple during lectures, "What did you do in your previous life? What exactly does it mean to be an ’Immortal’?"

"What did I do, huh? The short answer is that I traveled the world as a Dual Cultivator in search of beauties to cultivate with," he casually responded.

’He was also a Dual Cultivator in his past life? No, even more shocking is that one can become an Immortal from dual cultivation?!’ Xie Wang cried inwardly, as he didn’t expect that Dual Cultivators would be able to go so far in the path of cultivation.

"As for what it means to be an Immortal— I don’t really know what to tell you. Immortals are no different than Cultivators except the fact that they have near inexhaustible longevity."

"You mean to tell me that true immortality exists?! That one can live forever!?" Xie Wang spoke in a loud voice filled with excitement.

"Only very few things in this world can truly exist ’forever’, but no Immortal has died of old age ever since cultivation was introduced to the world countless years ago, and plenty of Immortals have survived for tens of millions of years, hence why I said ’near’ inexhaustible longevity, as you’ll die from other causes before you die from old age." Su Yang explained to him.

"Then what does it take for one to become an Immortal? How much more do I have to cultivate in order to achieve immortality?" Xie Wang asked him with a hopeful gaze.

However, Su Yang merely chuckled at his words and said, "You’ll die long before you can even become an Immortal in this place because of the lack of spiritual energy in this world. Though, since you asked, I will broaden your views today and let you know just how insignificant you truly are..."

Su Yang cleared his throat and continued, "While the Sovereign Spirit Realm may be considered the peak of cultivation in this world, it’s actually nothing impressive in my world, as Sovereign Spirit Realm Cultivators are still considered as mere Mortals."

"What?! I am still a Mortal?!" Xie Wang’s jaw dropped to the floor after hearing his words. Just how many more realms are above the Sovereign Spirit Realm!?

Su Yang nodded and said, "The Sovereign Spirit Realm exists within the Seven Mortal Spirit Realms— the Elementary Spirit Realm, Profound Spirit Realm, True Spirit Realm, Earth Spirit Realm, Heavenly Spirit Realm, Sovereign Spirit Realm, and finally, Divine Spirit Realm."

"Above the Divine Spirit Realm is the Five Divine Realms that consists of the Divine Origin Realm, Divine Lord Realm, Divine Sovereign Realm, Divine Saint Realm, and Divine Emperor Realm. Entering the Five Divine Realm is your first step into becoming a true Cultivator."

"After surpassing the Divine Emperor Realm, you will enter the Four Ancient Realm, where you’ll be considered as a half-Immortal. The Four Ancient Realm consists of the Ancient Sovereign Realm, Ancient Saint Realm, Ancient Emperor Realm, and Ancient Immortal Realm. And in order to become an Immortal, you must reach the Ancient Emperor Realm. Do you understand how far away you are now?" Su Yang asked Xie Wang, who sat there with a blank expression, clearly overwhelmed by the information he’d just learned.

"Seven Mortal Spirit Realms, Five Divine Realms, and Four Ancient Realms... I am truly what one would call a ’frog in a well’..." Xie Wang sighed with a dispirited look on his face, as he didn’t expect the Cultivation path to be this vast and profound.

"I have spent over 1 thousand years to reach my current Cultivation, and you’re now telling me that I am not even considered as a real Cultivator in your world? That I am only a mere Mortal? What kind of joke is this?" Xie Wang continued to sigh multiple times in a quick session, losing all desire to improve his cultivation any further.

"..."

Seeing Xie Wang’s negative reaction, Su Yang decided to keep the other realms above the Four Ancient Realms to himself, as learning it now would only further break Xie Wang’s cultivation spirit.

"Cultivation is more than just about increasing your longevity. Although cultivating for longevity is not necessarily a bad thing, as most people cultivate to live a longer life, they usually have other reasons that make them into Cultivators." Su Yang said to Xie Wang a moment later.

"I know... I know that... but to think I have been so full of myself for reaching the Sovereign Spirit Realm when I am actually..." Xie Wang sighed again.

Su Yang shook his head, thinking it would be for the best to leave Xie Wang alone for now.

He then looked at Lord Xie and asked him, "What about you? Do you have any questions for me?"

"No... Not really..." Lord Xie quickly shook his head.

"Then I have a question for you, Su Yang." Xie Xingfang suddenly said to him.

Su Yang looked at her and waited for her question.

"When you say that you’ll be leaving this place in the future, do you already have a method of returning to your own world, or are you only planning to return?"

"There is already a way for me to return to my own world but it’s not guaranteed, and there are many risks involved in this method. However, I am willing to take these risks if I can return, as I still have many things to accomplish in that world," Su Yang said to her.

"I see..." Xie Xingfang nodded and began to ponder in silence. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Sometime later, Su Yang began feeding the flying ship his Profound Qi again, resuming their journey to the Holy Central Continent.