Chapter 645 - Purple Bell Poison Flower

"What!? That would be disastrous!" Lord Xie quickly said, and he continued, "We will need to find a method to effectively protect the Heavenly Spiritual Root when we return!"

"I don’t think you have to worry about that," Su Yang said to him.

"Why not?" Lord Xie looked at him with a puzzled face.

"Because the Heavenly Spiritual Roots exist deep underground, and even if you somehow manage to dig to the Heavenly Spiritual Roots, I doubt any of you would be able to damage it." Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Heavenly Spiritual Roots are not your ordinary tree roots, and unless your cultivation is at the Ancient Realm, you can forget about even scratching the roots."

"Really? That’s relieving..." Lord Xie sighed afterward. He cannot imagine what would happen to the Eastern Continent if their Heavenly Spiritual Roots are destroyed. If their Profound Qi suddenly declines in quality and quantity, perhaps reaching the Heavenly Spirit Realm would no longer be possible, much less the Sovereign Spirit Realm.

"Well, there are spiritual treasures that can destroy Heavenly Spiritual Roots, but I also doubt someone would purposefully destroy the Heavenly Spiritual Roots since you are living in a small place." Su Yang said.

And he continued, "Even in my world, which is at least a thousand times larger than this world and spacious enough to contain multiple Heavenly Spiritual Roots, no sane Cultivator would purposefully harm Heavenly Spiritual Roots without a good reason, and even if they have a good reason, they risk offending every Cultivator in the world by destroying the roots, which is considered taboo."

"As long as you don’t reveal its existence to the public, it is very unlikely that anyone would discover the Heavenly Spiritual Roots that dwell deep within the earth, much less destroy them."

"Anyway, we have arrived at the Holy Central Continent. Let me restore my cultivation before we head to the Four Seasons Academy."

Su Yang then landed the flying ship near the shore before tossing it inside his storage ring.

"Do you mind if I take a look around in the meantime?" Xie Wang asked him afterward.

"Go ahead. Just don’t go too far and return here in 3 hours," Su Yang said to him almost like he was speaking to a child at the park.

"I am also going to look around." Lord Xie said before flying away.

"..."

Once they were alone, Xie Xingfang quickly began feeling nervous, mostly because of her confession for him.

"If you want, you can also look around." Su Yang said to her as he sat down and began cultivating.

"I’ll stay here with you," she shook her head before taking a seat behind him.

’Although I am interested in the Holy Central Continent, that’s not the only reason I followed you here...’ she said inwardly with a bittersweet smile on her face.

Three hours later, Xie Wang and Lord Xie returned to their side.

"Su Yang, look at what I found! I have never seen this kind of treasure before but it’s rich with Profound Qi!" Xie Wang showed him a weird-looking herb with an excited face, looking like a child who found a toy in the streets.

Su Yang glanced at the blue herb and said, "That’s an Azure Tiger Flower; it’s used to concoct some Earth-grade pills."

"What about this purple-looking plant?" Lord Xie showed him the purple plant with a glowing flower that resembled the shape of a bell.

"That’s a Purple Bell Poison Flower; it’s poisonous."

"Ah!? Why didn’t you tell me that sooner?!" Lord Xie immediately threw the plant to the side with a terrified look on his face.

Seeing this, Su Yang shook his head and went to pick up the Purple Bell Poison Flower, surprising Lord Xie. He then tossed the plant into his storage ring and continued to speak, "Although it contains poison, the Purple Bell Poison Flower is a rare and valuable treasure with many uses. Compared to the Azure Tiger Flower, it’s at least 10 times more valuable, and to think you’d throw something like that away— what a waste of resource. And since you don’t want it, I’ll take it off your hands."

"..."

Lord Xie stared at him with wide eyes filled with disbelief. He definitely and deliberately used the poison to scare him into throwing the treasure away!

And before Lord Xie could even complain, Su Yang spoke, "Anyway, I have recovered my spiritual energy. We can continue our journey to Four Seasons Academy."

A moment later, Su Yang retrieved the smaller flying ship and boarded it.

"There’s not much room, so you’ll have to sit close to each other," Su Yang said to them.

Lord Xie and Xie Wang looked at each other before looking at Xie Xingfang.

They then boarded the flying ship and sat right beside each other without opening their mouth, leaving the seat beside Su Yang to Xie Xingfang.

"..." Xie Xingfang immediately blushed at their obvious intentions. However, she did not say anything and sat beside Su Yang.

Once Xie Xingfang sat down, Su Yang could feel her soft body pressing against his side, and the sweet yet subtle fragrance on her body gave a calming effect.

"Excuse me, Su Yang..." Xie Xingfang said to him with a rosy face.

"Don’t mind it," he responded with a smile on his face.

A few moments later, the flying ship soared to the sky and approached the Four Seasons Academy.

Once they reached the Four Seasons Academy sometime later, Su Yang landed the flying ship right in front of their sect.

"We’re here," he said to the Xie Family as he stowed the flying ship into his storage ring.

Lord Xie and Xie Wang nodded with a serious expression on their face while Xie Xingfang wore a veil over her face.

They approached the gates a moment later.

Meanwhile, the guards were puzzled and surprised when they saw Su Yang and the Xie Family approaching their sect.

"Three Heavenly Spirit Realm experts and there’s even someone at the Sovereign Spirit Realm with them! Who are they?!"

"I don’t know! I have never seen that old man at the Sovereign Spirit Realm before!"

"Quick! Someone notify the Sect Leader!"