Chapter 650 - B.r.e.a.s.t Milk

After giving Wu Jingjing and Zhu Mengyi a moment to prepare themselves mentally, Su Yang spoke, "Let’s begin with my background. First of all, my body may only be 18 years old, but I am actually much older in reality, as I have memories of my past life. In other words, I have experienced reincarnation, and I used to be an Immortal in my previous life."

"R-Reincarnation...?"

"Immortal in your previous life?"

Both Zhu Mengyi and Wu Jingjing stared at him with wide eyes filled with shock, as they didn’t expect such a revelation from Su Yang.

Su Yang calmly nodded his head and continued to speak, "In my previous life, I was a dual cultivator, and I lived in a world that is very far away from this place. Divine Heavens— that was my world, and in that world, Cultivators at the Sovereign Spirit Realm are as abundant as there is grass in this world, and there exist cultivation levels that neither of you could even imagine."

After a moment of silence, Wu Jingjing asked him, "If you don’t mind me asking, how did you die in your previous life?"

"To tell you the truth, I don’t even know whether I am truly dead or not, as I don’t ever recall being ’killed’ my previous life. Before I knew it, I was already in this world."

"Now onto the reason why I didn’t want to bear responsibility. Although I am now in this world, I do not intend on staying here for the rest of my life, and I already have plans to leave this place and return to my own world in about two years. I have a lot of enemies in the Divine Heavens, and I didn’t want to put you or our children at risk, hence why I didn’t dare to bring you with me."

"However, after giving it some thought, I have decided to stop being a coward and bring those who wish to be with me to the Divine Heavens. After all, if I cannot even protect the women I love, can I even be called a man?"

"Therefore, I am going to ask you again— Are you willing to come with me to my world? If you are willing, I will accept you into my family."

Su Yang silently waited for their answer.

Wu Jingjing and Zhu Mengyi exchanged glances with each other before nodding in silence. They turned to look at Su Yang and spoke simultaneously, "We are willing!"

Hearing their answer, Su Yang nodded with a smile and said, "Before we continue with the customs, allow me to explain to you the family rules."

He then proceeded to explain the rules they must follow as a member of his Su Family.

A few minutes later, he asked them, "I will ask you one last time— are you willing?"

"We are willing!" They responded without hesitation.

"Then let us begin the custom, where I will give you my Family Seal." Su Yang spoke as he began loosening his robes.

Wu Jingjing and Zhu Mengyi’s eyes immediately flickered with excitement after seeing this, as they have been craving for his love ever since he left.

A few moments later, Wu Jingjing and Zhu Mengyi stood before Su Yang with their beautiful body completely n.a.k.e.d, and even though they have given birth not long ago, their bodies remained flawless, looking like they never gave birth in the first place with only one small change— the size of their b.r.e.a.s.ts increasing, which was only natural for women who have given birth before, as their b.r.e.a.s.ts now contained milk.

"Come over here," Su Yang pulled the two beauties towards himself and made the two of them sit on each of his laps.

Once they were sitting on his lap, Su Yang approached Wu Jingjing’s b.r.e.a.s.ts with his mouth and began sucking on her pink tip.

"Mmm~!" Wu Jingjing m.o.a.ned softly before speaking with a smile on her face, "What do you think of my b.r.e.a.s.t milk, Su Yang?"

After sucking on her b.r.e.a.s.ts for a few moments, Su Yang spoke with a satisfied smile, "It tastes great. The texture is smooth and creamy while the favor is subtly sweet. I wouldn’t complain if I had to drink this every day."

"Try mine next, Su Yang!" Zhu Mengyi slightly twisted her body, inviting him to suck on her b.r.e.a.s.ts.

Su Yang nodded and licked around her pink circle before sucking on it with force, squeezing her b.r.e.a.s.t milk with his mouth.

"Aaaah~!" Zhu Mengyi m.o.a.ned in a blissful voice. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

A few moments later, Su Yang licked his lips and nodded with a satisfied face, "Mmm... it’s about the same as Wu Jingjing— I really like it."

"Since you like it that much, go ahead and drink until you are fully satisfied. Just leave some for our children later..." Zhu Mengyi giggled childishly.

Su Yang nodded and wasted no time continuing to feed on their b.r.e.a.s.ts.

Meanwhile, Wu Jingjing and Zhu Mengyi worked together to pleasure Su Yang’s lower body with Wu Jingjing stroking his divine sword and Zhu Mengyi massaging his jewels with their hands while sitting on his lap.

A few minutes later, Su Yang also released his milk, shooting it all over their bodies and even reaching the ceiling.

"Wow~! There’s so much!" Zhu Mengyi exclaimed, feeling hot all over her body.

"Let’s not waste it..." Wu Jingjing spoke as she began licking the Yang Qi off Zhu Mengyi’s body.

A few moments later, Zhu Mengyi also cleaned Wu Jingjing’s body with her mouth.

"I didn’t notice this before, but you’re already at the Heaven Spirit Realm!? That’s ridiculous! You were only at the True Spirit Realm a year ago!" Wu Jingjing exclaimed in a shocked voice after realizing his shocking improvements.

"That cultivation speed is not fair... but what else can we expect from someone who used to be an Immortal in his previous life?" Zhu Mengyi said with a smile on her face.

Sometime later, Su Yang calmly laid on the bed, as it was finally the ladies’ turn to drink his milk.