Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 652 - Flaming Dragon

"Ahhh! Ahhhh! Aaaaaah~!"

Feeling Su Yang’s meatstick in her hole again, all of the stress that had been built up for the past year was instantly satisfied, and Zhu Mengyi felt complete again.

"You are as tight as ever— if not even tighter than before. Are you sure you gave birth not long ago?" Su Yang spoke with a smile on his face as his shaft was being tightly squeezed by Zhu Mengyi’s hole.

"That’s because it’s been starving for over a year, Su Yang. Do you like it?"

"Yes, I love it."

Su Yang suddenly began moving his h.i.p.s even faster and Zhu Mengyi m.o.a.ned louder in response, feeling her lower body burning with passion.

After pounding her from the font for a few minutes, Su Yang flipped Zhu Mengyi around and continued in the d.o.g.g.y position.

"Let me see what the two of you usually do," Su Yang suddenly said to them.

Wu Jingjing immediately understood the meaning behind his words and laid in front of Zhu Mengyi with her legs spread wide open.

"Go ahead, Sister Mingyi."

Zhu Mengyi nodded her head and approached Wu Jingjing’s pink slit with her tongue sticking out.

"Aaaah~!" Wu Jingjing m.o.a.ned softly when Zhu Mengyi’s tongue began tickling her pink pearl. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"That’s it, Sister Mengyi! Lick it harder!" Wu Jingjing closed her eyes to focus on the delightful feeling between her legs, and she even began massaging her own b.r.e.a.s.ts.

Meanwhile, Su Yang enjoyed the view from behind Zhu Mengyi with his hands tightly gripping onto her soft buttocks.

Many minutes later, Su Yang said to Zhu Mengyi, "I am going to brand you with Family Seal now; it’ll feel a little bit hotter than usual."

"Please, make me your woman officially, Su Yang!" Zhu Mengyi prepared herself.

A few seconds later, Su Yang released his load into Zhu Mengyi’s body, overflowing her hole with his Yang Qi.

"So hot~!" Zhu Mengyi m.o.a.ned loudly, feeling as though her entire body was burning in a fire, especially the area below her stomach. However, despite the intense heat, it was not painful at all, even feeling somewhat pleasant.

Su Yang removed his shaft from Zhu Mengyi’s hole once the Family Seal appeared on her body.

"This is the Family Seal? I have never seen anything like this before," Wu Jingjing caressed the Family Seal on Zhu Mengyi’s body with a dazed gaze, looking mesmerized.

"I still need to activate it with my blood, but I’ll do it once you both have the Family Seal on you," Su Yang said to them.

"Are you ready?" He looked at Wu Jingjing.

"Yes!"

She nodded with a serious and eager expression on her face.

And without further ado, Su Yang inserted his shaft into her hole.

"Aaaaaah~!" Wu Jingjing m.o.a.ned sharply when she felt his stiff rod reach the deepest parts of her cave; it was a nostalgic feeling that caused her body to tremble with excitement, almost as though it instinctively knew the feeling of Su Yang’s sword.

"More... do me harder, Su Yang!" Wu Jingjing pleaded with a s.e.xy expression on her face.

In response to her pleading, Su Yang firmly grabbed her slim waist and began thrusting his h.i.p.s intensively, almost violently.

"Aaaaah~!" As she was not prepared for such a passionate response, Wu Jingjing nearly collapsed from the intense pleasure, and her little sister gushed with Yin Qi every time Su Yang plunged his rod into her.

"Hehe... let me help you out, Sister Jingjing..." Seeing the opportunity to tease Wu Jingjing even further, Zhu Mengyi crawled to her body before she began sucking on her b.r.e.a.s.ts.

"Aaahh~!"

"Aaaaaaah~!"

"Aaahhhh~!"

Wu Jingjing m.o.a.ned crazily as Su Yang pounded her wet hole fiercely without stopping for many minutes, acting like a beast that hadn’t have s.e.x in a long time.

Once Wu Jingjing was at her limit, Su Yang released his Yang Qi into her body, filling every nook and cranny in her cave with his white liquid.

"My body is burning! It feels so good!" Wu Jingjing exclaimed, feeling the Family Seal slowly appearing on her body.

A few moments later, she could see the Family Seal clearly imprinted onto her body.

"What a beautiful sight..." Wu Jingjing mumbled as she looked at Family Seal.

"Yes, a beautiful sight indeed." Su Yang nodded his head as he looked at the two n.a.k.e.d beauties before him, both with his Yang Qi leaking from their cave.

"Anyway, let me activate the seal."

Su Yang bit his thumb until it began bleeding. He then dripped a drop of his blood into their Family Seal, causing it to glow a golden light.

"Now you’re officially my woman," Su Yang said as he licked the wound on his finger, instantly sealing it.

"I love you, Su Yang!" Zhu Mengyi suddenly pounced at him and kissed him on the lips passionately.

"Thank you for accepting us, Su Yang. I love you." Wu Jingjing kissed him next.

Sometime later, Su Yang asked them, "Do you want to continue?"

"Of course! We’re going to do this until our children wake up!" Zhu Mengyi said.

Su Yang nodded, and he said to her, "Then allow me to show you a new technique."

"Oh? What are you going to do?" Zhu Mengyi stared at him with anticipating eyes.

Su Yang then stood up and snapped his fingers.

A second later—

Whoosh!

Alchemy Flames suddenly appeared and wrapped around his shaft, resembling a flaming sword.

"..."

Zhu Mengyi’s jaw dropped to the floor after seeing this, her eyes as wide as saucers.

"Y-Y-You’re going to stick that inside me...?" she asked him in a shaky voice.

"Do you not want me to? Then I’ll give it to Wu Jingjing instead..."

"W-Wait a second! Who said anything about not wanting it?! I want it! Please give it to me!" Zhu Mengyi quickly said to him in a pleading voice.

Su Yang chuckled at her cute response and said, "Lay down— I’ll give you a taste of this Flaming Dragon."

__

Author’s Note: I will be releasing Discord for the public once again at the beginning of February. There will be a Glossary, Character Ill.u.s.trations, and much more inside. Check the comment for Xiao Rong’s Character Ill.u.s.tration!