Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 660 - Mysterious Beauty

Su Yang looked at this beautiful fairy who appeared out of thin air in silence, as her appearance rivaled Wu Jingjing, Zhu Mengyi, and even Xie Xingfang.

"What the hell are you doing here?" Lian Heng said to her with a frown on his face.

The beautiful woman glanced at him before responding in a nonchalant voice, "I can ask you the same thing. What the hell are you doing?"

"It’s none of your business, so quickly get out of my face," said Lian Heng, not caring for her disrespectful tone.

"None of my business? I have already seen everything from the beginning, and your actions are sickening. Are you trying to ruin the Lian Family’s reputation with your farce? I was going to intervene, but when I saw you getting beaten like a dog, I had to stop myself as I didn’t want to interrupt such an entertaining scene."

"Shut the hell up and stay out of my way!" Lian Heng roared at her.

"Oh, you don’t have to worry about me getting in your way. I am just here as a spectator," she calmly responded, feeling no pressure despite facing the crown prince, even arguing with him.

’Who is this woman?’ Su Yang was intrigued by this mysterious woman’s abnormal presence.

Noticing Su Yang’s gaze, the beautiful woman turned to look at him with a cold expression, "I don’t know who you are, and I would like to reward you for beating this dog, but no matter the situation, you have raised your hands against someone from the Lian Family. I hope you are prepared for the consequences of defying the Lian Family."

Hearing her warning, Su Yang smiled and said, "I also don’t know who you are, nor do I care, but if anyone dares to touch my women, even if they are the Emperor’s son, I will promptly deal with them. He is already immensely lucky that I haven’t killed him for trying to covet my woman."

The woman narrowed her eyes at him and spoke in a cold voice, "Your words just now... I can take that as a challenge to the Lian Family, right?"

Seeing her strong reaction, Su Yang could guess her identity, and he spoke, "You must also belong to the Lian Family. No wonder why you dare to speak with this idiot on equal footing."

"Su Yang! That’s the crown prince’s elder sister and also Emperor Lian’s only daughter, Lian Li!" Wu Jingjing said to him from outside the stage.

"It doesn’t matter who they are— if they dare to oppose me, I will put them in their place," Su Yang said with a domineering aura around him.

He narrowed his eyes at Lian Li and continued, "If you have a problem with that, you can also come up here after I deal with that idiot. If you cannot wait, I don’t mind taking on both of you at once."

"Such insolence!" Lian Li shouted, and her cultivation base that was surprisingly at the first level Sovereign Spirit Realm filled the entire stage.

"Why don’t we all calm down for a moment?"

Suddenly, another pressure at the Sovereign Spirit Realm appeared, canceling out Lian Li’s pressure.

The people there immediately turned to look towards the sky, where a man exuding a powerful aura was descending towards the stage.

"Sect Master!" The disciples there greeted this man.

"Father..." Wu Jingjing already expected his appearance sooner or later so she wasn’t surprised to see him appear here. Though, she didn’t want Su Yang and her father to meet in such a condition.

"Master." Lian Heng and Lian Li bowed to Wu Jiang despite their royal status, showing their deep respect for him.

Wu Jiang nodded his head towards the royal siblings before turning to look at Su Yang with a profound gaze.

’This young man is Su Yang...?’

Wu Jiang was shocked inwardly when he saw Su Yang’s young appearance, as he’d expected someone older. However, appearances can be very deceiving in the cultivation world so he didn’t dare to judge a book by its cover.

"I rushed here after receiving a brief explanation of the situation, but before we start, I would like to know a few things..." Wu Jiang said a moment later, his gaze still on Su Yang.

Su Yang could easily guess what Wu Jiang wanted to ask him, so he cleared his throat and spoke in a calm and clear voice, "My name is Su Yang, and as you can guess, I am the one who i.m.p.r.e.g.n.a.t.ed Wu Jingjing who later gave birth to Wu Min. It’s nice to finally meet you, father-in-law."

"F-Father-in-law?" Wu Jiang stared at Su Yang with a blank expression, as he was not prepared for this unfair attack by Su Yang.

"Are you related to Immortal Fairy Su Yue by chance?" Wu Jiang suddenly asked him with a serious expression.

"Immortal Fairy Su Yue? Nope, I have never heard of her before since I am not from around here," Su Yang lied with a straight face.

After confirming that he was not related to Immortal Fairy Su Yue, Wu Jiang sighed in relief inwardly, as he didn’t want to deal with Immortal Fairy Su Yue and the royal family.

A moment of silence later, Wu Jiang spoke with a frown on his face, "I don’t recall Wu Jingjing being engaged to anyone. And from my understanding, you told my daughter that you would not bear responsibility for impregnating her, hence why she has been taking care of Wu Min as a single mother ever since her birth." Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"That is indeed what I had said to her before, but things have changed, and I have decided to take responsibility and accept her into my family, hence why I have come to the Holy Sword Academy today," Su Yang said.

"He’s telling the truth, father! We were on our way to meet you, but the crown prince aggressively blocked our path, which led us to this stage!" Wu Jingjing said to him.

"I understand your frustrations and the situation, but it does not justify beating the crown prince in such a vicious manner," Wu Jiang said to her before looking at Su Yang and continuing, "Since you have offended the Lian Family, even I cannot save you. However, you can still save Wu Jingjing by staying away from her. I don’t want her to get involved with your mess."

"Father! What are you saying?!" Wu Jingjing shouted at him with a baffled face.

However, Wu Jiang ignored her and waited for Su Yang’s response.

After a moment of silence, Su Yang spoke with a calm expression on his face, "Just like that idiot over there, if you want to take Wu Jingjing away from me, then you’ll have to defeat me in a sword fight."

Many gasping noises could be heard from the surroundings after they heard Su Yang’s bold words.

"D-Did he just challenge the Sword Saint to a sword match...?"

"The audacity! The boldness!"

"What the heck?! It turns out that he was an idiot all along! I feel sorry for Senior apprentice-sister Wu!"

The place quickly became filled with laughter and many other noises.