Chapter 662 - Unfathomable Arrogance

"Can’t you tell by looking?" Su Yang said after hearing Lian Heng’s question.

"This is my circle, and if I take even a single step outside of this circle during the fight, I will count this battle as my loss."

"What?!"

Lian Heng and the spectators immediately exclaimed in shock.

"How dare you look down on me in such a manner!" Lian Heng roared with a fuming expression on his face.

"Looking down on you? That is not possible, as you cannot look down on something that has been nothing since the beginning," Su Yang spoke with a nonchalant face.

"YOU WILL F.U.C.K.I.N.G REGRET THIS!!!" Lian Heng roared before exploding with intense Sword Intent.

*Crack* *Crack* *Crack*

The Sword Intent emitted by Lian Heng was so intense that deep cuts were appearing around him on the stage, looking as though there were invisible swords flying around him.

"This young man... I am speechless..." Lian Li mumbled in a low voice, as this is her first time encountering someone so arrogant and domineering.

’Where is his confidence coming from? Although he managed to beat Lian Heng pretty badly before, this is an entirely different battlefield with different rules. Lian Heng is a genius swordmaster who managed to fully control his Sword Intent at 33 years old. Not even I would dare to claim that I could defeat Lian Heng without moving from that circle! Furthermore, I cannot sense any Sword Intent or Sword Qi from this guy!’ Lian Li pondered with a curious expression on her face, wondering if Su Yang can really achieve what he boasted.

How can a mere nobody with zero known achievements or reputation have such confidence before someone like Lian Heng? It was simply incomprehensible to Lian Li.

"Jingjing... I am at loss for words. Do you even believe that he could win this yourself?" Wu Jiang asked her.

"Of course," she responded without hesitation.

"Haaa... Your blindness is worse than I’d thought." Wu Jiang shook his head in disappointment.

On the stage, Su Yang raised his eyebrows after feeling Lian Heng’s powerful Sword Intent, and he spoke, "After seeing your Sword Intent, I have realized my mistake and would like to apologize..."

Su Yang then used his sword to draw another circle around his feet, which was even smaller than the previous circle he drew.

"I had vastly overestimated your abilities, and I would like to apologize for that," he said after drawing the circle.

"FUUUUCK YOU!"

Lian Heng’s eyes immediately became bloodshot, and he took his first step towards Su Yang.

"Sword Sparrow!"

Lian Heng swung his sword at Su Yang a dozen times in the blink of an eye, and a dozen black arc lights flew towards Su Yang at a frightening speed.

Seeing this, Su Yang tightly gripped the Demon Slaying Sword and casually swung it.

Whoosh!

A massive red arc of light appeared from the swing and collided with Lian Heng’s attacks.

Crash! Crash! Crash!

The black arc lights were shattered into countless fragments the moment it touched the red arc of light without any signs of resistance, looking like they were eggs trying to smash a rock.

"What?!" Lian Heng immediately stopped running at Su Yang to dodge the massive arc of light flying at him, feeling his heart beating like crazy afterward.

After barely dodging the attack, Lian Heng turned to look at Su Yang with wide eyes filled with disbelief.

How did he manage to release such a powerful sword attack when he’s not even emitting Sword Intent?

"What just happened?" Even Lian Li and Wu Jiang could not understand what had just happened and stared at Su Yang with a gawking expression.

"Is that all you can do with your Sword Intent? How disappointing..." Su Yang asked him with a bored expression on his face.

"I am just getting started!" Lian Heng shouted before swinging the Black Demon Sword viciously.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Hundreds of black arc lights flew at Su Yang, blocking his view.

"..."

Su Yang watched the arc of lights flying at him with a nonchalant expression on his face. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

He suddenly raised his hand, but it was not the hand he was holding his sword with, and in front of countless shocked gazes, he covered his mouth as he yawned.

’What the heck is he doing?! Does he plan on blocking so many sword lights with his body?!’ Wu Jiang cried inwardly, and he prepared to rush onto the stage to save him.

However, before Wu Jiang could even move his body, the black arc of lights was sliced into countless fragments before they could even get close to Su Yang’s body, almost as though they were cut by an invisible sword.

"WHAT?!"

Lian Heng’s eyes widened with shock when all of his sword intent were destroyed before they could even reach Su Yang, who was only yawning at that moment.

"..."

The place was dead silent, almost as though the entire world was quiet at this moment.

"I-Impossible! You must be cheating with some kind of treasure! Why can’t my Sword Intent reach you when you are not even emitting Sword Intent?!" Lian Heng quickly accused him of cheating.

"Me? Cheating? Very well..." Su Yang then turned to look at Wu Jingjing before tossing at her his storage rings and said, "Hold them for me."

However, he was not finished. After handing his storage rings to Wu Jingjing, Su Yang began stripping his own clothes until only his underwear remained.

"Heavens! Look at that flawless body!"

"If only I can go on that stage and lick his body right now..."

The disciples stared at Su Yang’s practically n.a.k.e.d body with dropping jaws, especially the female disciples who were essentially drooling with l.u.s.t at his perfect body at this moment.

"If you are not satisfied, should I also take off my last piece of armor? I don’t mind fighting you n.a.k.e.d, as I am quite confident in my own body." Su Yang said to him with a calm expression on his face, seemingly unfazed despite his appearance.