Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 665 - What Do You Think You Are Doing to Me, You Damn Pervert?!

"Only slightly better?" Lian Li frowned after hearing his words.

Lian Heng would not be able to defeat her even if she were to fight him while blindfolded, yet he claims that she was only ’slightly’ better than Lian Heng? What kind of nonsense is this?

"Since there appears to be some problem with your sights, allow me to open them for you!" Lian Li suddenly rushed at Su Yang with Sword Intent gushing from her body like an aura.

"Taste my Glacial Blades!"

The blue sword in her hands emitted such a cold temperature that everywhere it went, a trail of ice would appear.

Boom!

Su Yang used the Demon Slayer Sword to intercept Lian Li’s strike, and the moment their swords touched each other, a massive explosion occurred from the impact.

An extremely cold breeze suddenly assaulted Su Yang, freezing the surface of his skin in an instant until nearly his entire body from the neck down was frozen solid.

Lian Li retreated immediately after the attack and looked at Su Yang’s frozen body with a grin on her face, "You don’t look so good. Why don’t you put your clothes on before we continue?"

"This feeling isn’t too bad. It’s actually quite refreshing, almost like taking a cold bath under the blazing sun," Su Yang said, still with a calm expression on his face.

A second later, his body began turning red, and the ice around his body quickly melted.

"What did you do just now?" Lian Li frowned after seeing how Su Yang escaped her technique with such ease.

"Because of my unique cultivation technique, my body contains extremely potent Yang Qi. If you want to freeze my body, you’ll need something colder— something cold enough to freeze the entire Jade Sea."

’What the hell? Why does his body contain so much Yang Qi? That’s pure recklessness!’ Lian Li could not comprehend why any Cultivator would want such powerful Yang Qi in their body, as she was not familiar with Dual Cultivators, much less a Dual Cultivator of Su Yang’s caliber.

And from her knowledge, having too much Yang Qi for any Cultivator is an extremely dangerous situation, and one must find the perfect balance for their spiritual energy, or they will only harm themselves.

’Just what kind of cultivation technique is he cultivating? How can he cultivate his Sword Intent to such a high level with such a messed up body?’ Even Wu Jiang could not understand the situation.

However, this is mostly due to the nature of the Holy Central Continent that lacked Dual Cultivators, as there were no sects that would practice Dual Cultivation when swords and medicine dominated the Holy Central Continent.

"Anyway, are you done showing off? If you are, it’s my turn to attack," Su Yang said to her, treating this entire fight as though it was a joke and they were only playing.

"Are you making fun of me?!" Lian Li shouted angrily before running at him again.

"If Sword Intent does not work on you, let’s see if you can handle Sword Qi!"

The aura around Lian Li suddenly cracked, becoming increasingly intense and sharp, almost as if she’d turned into a real sword.

"Haaaaaaaa!"

Lian Li shouted at the top of her lungs as she struck Su Yang with nothing but her Sword Qi and her sword.

Seeing this, Su Yang showed a mysterious smile on his face, and his aura also exploded with Sword Qi.

"What?!" Lian Li’s eyes widened with shock after seeing Su Yang explode with Sword Qi, but it was too late for her to stop her attack.

Clang!

"Ah!"

Lian Li was sent flying by the impact of their clash, but she managed to recover her balance mid-air before returning to the ground.

"I-Impossible..." Lian Li stared at Su Yang with a dazed expression, seemingly in disbelief.

"H-He can also use Sword Qi?!" Wu Jiang held a shocked expression on his face as his gaze stared at the sharp aura around Su Yang. "How did he conceal such powerful Sword Qi— to the extent where even I was unable to sense it?!"

He then turned to look at Wu Jingjing who was smiling and asked her, "Did you know about this the entire time?"

"I don’t know what you’re talking about, father. I am blind, after all." Wu Jingjing spoke with a nonchalant expression on her face.

"..."

Wu Jiang was speechless at her petty response.

"W-What a surprise... I didn’t expect you to also have Sword Qi..." Lian Li spoke with a weird expression on her face.

"Why are you so surprised? It’s only Sword Qi," Su Yang said to her with a calm face.

"Only Sword Qi, you say? There are only three individuals who can use Sword Qi on this entire continent! Master Wu, the Grand Elder, and me! And I am barely scratching the surface in terms of knowledge for Sword Qi!" Lian Li said to him, and she continued, "Just who are you, really?! How can you use Sword Intent and Sword Qi while having such a messed up body?!" Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"That’s quite rude of you, to say that I have a messed up body." Su Yang shook his head.

"Anyway, since you have nothing else to show, it’s my turn to attack."

Su Yang suddenly began walking towards Lian Li in small and casual steps, looking as though he was taking a stroll in the park.

"Che! Don’t underestimate me!" Instead of trying to defend herself, Lian Li actually approached Su Yang in an aggressive manner.

However, before she could even take two steps, the Demon Slaying Sword in Su Yang’s grasp suddenly flickered, disappearing for a split second.

The next second, Lian Li felt as though her body suddenly got lighter, causing her to stop moving and look down.

"?!?!?!?"

When Lian Li realized that some of her clothes had been chipped away, revealing her smooth skin, she immediately turned to look at Su Yang with a fuming expression, "W-What do you think you are doing to me, you damn pervert?!"