Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 667 - One Free Attack

"For what purpose are you trying to meet with Emperor Lian?" Wu Jiang asked him with a frown. Unless one has a deep background or was recommended by someone close to Emperor Lian, it was nearly impossible to meet with him.

"Don’t worry about it; it’s none of your business," Su Yang responded with a nonchalant face.

"..."

"Just who are you, really?" Wu Jiang asked him a moment later.

"Me? I am the man who i.m.p.r.e.g.n.a.t.ed your daughter." Su Yang responded with a serious expression on his face, dumbfounding Wu Jiang.

After a moment of silence, Wu Jiang spoke with profound light in his eyes, "Very well! Since you dared to challenge me, the Sword Saint, to a sword battle, I will accept your challenge!"

Wu Jiang then flew and hovered above the destroyed stage and looked down on Su Yang, "What are you waiting for? Come up here!"

A smile appeared on Su Yang’s face, and he flew into the air until he was a dozen meters away from Wu Jiang. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Let’s alter the rules for this match," Wu Jiang suddenly said.

"What do you have in mind?"

"In this sword battle, we are not allowed to move, nor are we allowed to use our swords or sword techniques."

When the spectators heard Wu Jiang’s words, they looked at each other with puzzled looks on their faces.

"They cannot move, use their swords or sword techniques? Then how are they supposed to fight each other?"

"There’s only one thing they can use— their Sword Intent! This is a genuine sword battle where one can only depend on their Sword Intent!"

Su Yang immediately realized what Wu Jiang was trying to do and he nodded his head without hesitation, "You want to fight me using only Sword Intent? I don’t mind. In fact, it makes this even more exciting."

"Not just Sword Intent. Sword Qi is also allowed." Wu Jiang said.

Su Yang nodded before returning the Demon Slaying Sword to Wu Jingjing.

"Good luck, Su Yang! Show my father what it means to be a frog in a well!" Wu Jingjing shouted to him after catching the Demon Slaying Sword.

"A frog in a well? Me?" Wu Jiang looked at her with disbelief in his eyes. How could she say such a thing to her own father?

"Hahaha... Don’t worry, I shall open the eyes of every person that is watching this today and show them what it means to be a real swordmaster, and I am going to show them what a true Sword Saint looks like."

Su Yang then pointed at Wu Jiang and spoke with a cold gaze, "You do not have qualifications to call yourself a Sword Saint, and you are at best an average swordmaster who grasped the understanding of Sword Qi by sheer luck, but you have not yet mastered it."

"What?! The audacity!"

"Who the hell do you think you are?! How dare you claim the Sect Master doesn’t deserve the title of Sword Saint!?"

"Who are you calling fake swordmasters?! Don’t get ahead of yourself just because you defeated His Highness and Her Highness! The Sword Saint is on a whole other level!"

The sect elders and the disciples in the arena immediately began cursing at Su Yang after his bold claims.

"You dare to question my title of Sword Saint?" Wu Jiang looked at Su Yang with bloodshot eyes, as he has never been disrespected to such an immense degree.

"You, who cannot even figure out why their Sword Intent did not affect me, dare to claim the title of Sword Saint? One can only imagine the outrage it would cause if you were in the Divine Heavens..." Su Yang shook his head at Wu Jiang.

"Divine Heavens...?" Wu Jiang raised an eyebrow. This is his first time hearing of such a place.

"Anyways, go ahead. Since you and everyone here seem so confident in your title of Sword Saint, I’ll give you one chance to prove to me that you’re worthy of such a title. One move— you get one chance to attack me with whatever you’ve got and I won’t block it."

The spectators gasped in shock after hearing his words. Just how much does he look down on others? Does his arrogance even have a limit? Not even Emperor Lian would so brazenly give the Sword Saint one free attack during a sword battle!

"You’re giving me one free attack?" Wu Jiang mumbled in a low voice before he burst out laughing, "Hahahaha! I have never seen such insanity!"

After laughing for a moment, he suddenly stopped and spoke with a grim expression on his face, "While I would normally not lower myself to such standards, I will make this an exception just for you, brat who needs to be put in his place!"

Following his words, an immense amount of Sword Intent erupted from Wu Jiang’s body, and his aura shot up to the sky, almost like he wanted to split the heavens in half with his Sword Intent alone.

"I have never seen such a powerful Sword Intent before! As expected of the Sword Saint!"

"The Sect Master’s Sword Intent is powerful enough to split a mountain in half! That young man is definitely regretting his decision to give the Sect Master one free attack now!"

While the disciples expressed their awe for Wu Jiang’s Sword Intent, Su Yang merely shook his head and spoke in a disappointed voice, "This is why you’re not qualified to bear the title of Sword Saint. You are just like that idiot who doesn’t learn. You have already seen that Sword Intent does not work on me, yet you’re still going to use Sword Intent? What a waste. At this rate, I can give you a hundred free attacks and you still won’t defeat me."

"Don’t compare my Sword Intent to His Highness’s Sword Intent! I don’t mean to be disrespectful to him, but my Sword Intent is on another level in comparison— like heaven and earth!"

However, Su Yang sighed, "No matter how strong your Sword Intent is, at the end of the day, it is still only Sword Intent..."