Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 668 - Spirit Heaven’s Sword Emperor

"Enough talking! We’ll see whether or not my Sword Intent will have an effect on you right now!" Wu Jiang roared before unleashing his Sword Intent, and the image of a translucent sword appeared out of thin air.

Seeing this translucent blade cleaving towards his body, Su Yang reenacted his fight with Lian Heng by standing there and letting Wu Jiang’s Sword Intent attack his defenseless body.

"Heavens! He’s really planning on taking the Sect Master’s Sword Intent with his body!"

"He’s insane! This is what a real madman looks like!"

The disciples exclaimed.

"Su Yang..." Wu Jingjing watched with wide eyes as the Sword Intent quickly reached Su Yang.

And the instant the Sword Intent touched Su Yang’s body—

Clang!

The translucent sword created by Wu Jiang’s Sword Intent immediately crumbled into countless pieces before disappearing into thin air.

"..."

The place was so silent that it seemed as though the entire world was quiet right now, and everybody was staring at Su Yang with their eyes popping out of their sockets. As for Wu Jiang, he merely stood there with an empty expression on his face, looking like he was daydreaming.

"Did you expect a different outcome? I’m sorry to disappoint you." Su Yang said to Wu Jiang in a calm voice.

"Why aren’t you responding, father-in-law? Are you not satisfied with the results? You can go ahead and try as many times as you want—"

"Shut the hell up!"

Wu Jiang suddenly interrupted Su Yang with a loud roar, and his aura exploded with Sword Qi.

"I don’t know what kind of trick you’re using to block our Sword Intent but I do not believe that you can do the same with Sword Qi!"

"Taste my Sword Qi!"

Wu Jiang violently waved his sleeves, and a thousand translucent swords appeared in the air before flying towards Su Yang.

’Sword Qi, huh.’ A mysterious grin appeared on Su Yang’s face, and to everybody’s surprise, he suddenly closed his eyes.

However, right as the translucent swords were millimeters from piercing his body, Su Yang suddenly snapped his eyes open and shouted in a powerful voice, "SCRAM!"

A profound ripple that emitted a divine and otherworldly aura was suddenly released from his body and swept the entire arena. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The thousands of Sword Qi created by Wu Jiang shattered the instant they even got close to this ripple, and even Wu Jiang was sent flying into the distance after touching this ripple, coughing up a mouthful of blood afterward.

"W-What in the name of heavens is this unfathomable feeling?!" Wu Jiang ignored the pain in his body and cried out loud.

"M-my sword! My sword is trembling!"

When someone at the arena shouted this out loud, every person there that was carrying a sword turned to look at their sword to see their sword trembling as well, almost like the swords were shaking in excitement.

"D-Did that young man cause this phenomenon with his aura?!" One of the more experienced sect elders there speculated.

In the midst of the uproar, Wu Jiang shouted at Su Yang, "What did you do just now?! Your aura feels like Sword Intent but that’s clearly not Sword Intent! It also resembles Sword Qi yet it clearly isn’t Sword Qi! What kind of aura is that?!"

Su Yang looked at Wu Jiang with a calm yet sharp gaze, and he spoke in a slow but clear voice, "When it comes to the Dao of Swords and becoming a swordmaster, Sword Intent is merely the beginning. Once one’s Sword Intent reaches a certain level, they will be able to learn Sword Qi."

"However, Sword Qi is not even close to the limit of the sword path, and above Sword Qi we have Sword Will— where one can control the will of swords, which includes Sword Intent and Sword Qi."

"Sword Will? Something that’s above even Sword Qi?" Wu Jiang listened to this new term with a dazed expression on his face.

"And in front of a swordmaster who can use Sword Will, all Sword Intent and Sword Qi will become useless, hence why neither Sword Intent nor Sword Qi can touch me, much less hurt me."

"Furthermore, Sword Will is not something one can see with their bare eyes, and unless you grasp the concept of Sword Will, you won’t be able to sense it no matter how much experience you have with Sword Intent or Sword Qi."

"There are also many levels of Sword Will, but I won’t get into that here, as that will only be a waste of breath. However, here is what I will say— Unless you can use the highest level of Sword Will, much less Sword Will itself, don’t you dare call yourself a Sword Saint."

Su Yang then swept the crowd with a cold gaze, "And for all of you who believe you only need to know Sword Intent to become a swordmaster... you have no idea how foolish and ignorant-sounding you are. Being able to use Sword Intent only means you have managed to step into the world of the swords— you are still nowhere near the level of a swordmaster, as you would need to know Sword Qi before you can even be considered as a swordmaster at the lowest level."

"J-Just who are you, really?" Wu Jiang asked him after a long moment of silence.

"I have been called many names and titles throughout my life, but for those who study the Dao of Swords, they often refer to me as Spirit Heaven’s Sword Emperor," Su Yang spoke with a domineering aura around him.

"Spirit Heaven’s... S-Sword Emperor?" Wu Jiang stared at Su Yang with a gawking look on his face. Su Yang’s domineering title made his title as Sword Saint seem almost insignificant!

Su Yang then continued, "Anyway, do you wish to continue this sword battle? If you still think you can defeat me, I will gladly show you what one can achieve with Sword Will!"

"..."

Wu Jiang did not immediately respond and hovered in the air with a pondering expression.