Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 673 - A Taste of Her Own Medicine

"Y-Y-Y-You... Did you just..." Lian Li immediately stood up and staggered backward while pointing at Su Yang with her entire body trembling in fear.

"You should have a taste of your medicine before giving it to someone else just to make sure it works properly," Su Yang said to her with a smile on his face.

"Y-You bastard! How dare you—" Lian Li instinctively pulled out her sword and pointed it at him, but after recalling how he defeated her and Wu Jiang the Sword Saint, she did not dare to actually attack him.

"Why are you angry? If you intend on poisoning somebody, you should also bring the antidote just in case something goes wrong, right?" Su Yang asked her with a nonchalant expression on his face.

"I-I don’t have anything like that! There’s no antidote for this kind of poison! And it’s not even lethal!" Lian Li shouted at him.

"Oh, so you planned on poisoning me without sparing me with an antidote? Then you deserve it even more." Su Yang merely shook his head. "Well, look on the bright side, as you’d mentioned, this poison is not lethal, so there’s no need to worry."

"Screw you! While you may be fine, I am not a Dual Cultivator!" Lian Li cried.

"You will start feeling the effects of the poison in a few minutes, what are you going to do?" Su Yang asked her.

"I am not going to be humiliated by you again! I’m leaving!" Lian Li prepared to fly out of the window, but Su Yang snapped his fingers, creating a formation around the room, preventing her from leaving.

"W-What are you doing?! Are you trying to keep me imprisoned here?! I swear I’ll have your head for this!" Lian Li banged on the formation with a desperate look on her face.

"How can you leave before our dinner is finished? There is still so much food on the table. You promised me to have dinner tonight, and you’re going to keep your words." Su Yang said with a calm expression on his face.

"Let me leave, please! I promise you that we’ll have dinner on another date!" Lian Li said to him, feeling the urge to cry.

"How can I trust you now after knowing that you’d poisoned me?"

"I was wrong! I was wrong for poisoning you, okay?! I promise I won’t bother you again, so let me leave before my body starts— Ah!"

Lian Li suddenly felt a weird sensation between her legs, causing her body to tremble and fall on her knees.

"Hm? The poison is affecting you already? I guess it has a stronger effect on inexperienced maidens like you." Su Yang looked at her with an amused expression on his face.

"T-T-This is not funny, Su Yang! I am really going to leak myself! Let me leave already!" Lian Li said to him with teary eyes while trying her hardest to resist the urge to piss herself. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"If you leave now, you’ll only piss yourself in public. If you’re going to do it, you might as well do it now when we are alone. I won’t tell anyone, I promise." Su Yang said to her.

"F.u.c.k you— Ah!"

Lian Li suddenly collapsed on the floor, feeling a burning sensation spreading throughout her body, and it was especially hot in the area between her legs.

However, Su Yang remained calm even after seeing this, and he continued to eat his food with a nonchalant expression on his face.

"I-It’s coming! Ahhhhh!"

Lian Li could no longer control her body after another minute of struggle and allowed the dam to flow.

A silver pond appeared under Lian Li a moment later.

"..."

"I-I-I swear to the heavens I am going to kill you—" Lian Li grabbed her sword once again and prepared to attack Su Yang.

However, before she could even take two steps, her body flared up once again, causing her body to feel extremely sensitive— to the point where even the slightest movement would cause her body to tingle with delight.

"Ahhh!"

Lian Li uncontrollably m.o.a.ned and collapsed on the floor once again. A few seconds later, her body spasmed, experiencing an orgasm for the first time in her life.

"Good luck trying to kill me while you are in that state," Su Yang said to her as he casually sipped on his teacup.

After swallowing the tea, he continued, "By the way, I have sealed off the sound coming from this room so you don’t have to worry about others hearing your voice. You don’t have to thank me."

Lian Li inwardly sighed in relief after hearing his words, feeling a lot less stressed.

"Ahhhh~!"

"Aaaaaaah~!"

Lian Li continuously m.o.a.ned on the floor as her body was burning with desire, and the feeling only became stronger as time went on.

After many minutes of feeling like an animal in heat, Lian Li finally gave in to her l.u.s.tful desires and began playing with herself by rubbing her little sister with her own hands.

"Mmmm~!"

"Aaaah~!"

Lian Li was so indulged in pleasuring herself that she forgot about Su Yang’s presence and felt as though she was alone in this world at this moment.

Meanwhile, Su Yang continued to eat his dinner.

Half an hour later, once Su Yang cleaned every plate on the table, he stood up and walked to Lian Li, who was still pleasuring herself and nearly submerged in a pond of her own Yin Qi.

"It’s hot... It’s so hot..."

When Lian Li saw Su Yang’s handsome face, she momentarily stopped pleasuring herself and grabbed his robes and spoke in a pleading voice, "Please... do something... to stop this... I am scared... if this continues... I will really go crazy... I can’t deal with this for a few more hours!"

Seeing her pitiful expression and the tears in her eyes, Su Yang sighed, "I hope you’ve learned your lesson today, but alas, there is no antidote for this, but there is a method to make it go by faster."

"What is it? I will do anything! Please! Just help me!" she said.