Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 681 How About Another Child?

After his cultivation session with Lian Li ended, Su Yang left her in the room to rest.

"Oh? Where did you go?" Wu Jingjing, who had just gotten out of the bath, asked him, completely unaware that Lian Li had come to their house, as she had been unconscious until just very recently and Su Yang didn’t mention anything to her.

"Cultivating," Su Yang responded with a smile on his face.

"Hm? You had a breakthrough? Congratulations!" Wu Jingjing noticed that he’d entered the 8th level Heavenly Spirit Realm.

He nodded, and then he continued, "By the way, regarding our little bet, we never decided on what the winner receives."

"Oh, right. You have until the end of today to conquer Her Highness." Wu Jingjing recalled their little bet, and she said, "Are you sure you want to do it? Even though she tried to poison you— or rather, she did..."

Su Yang smiled and said, "I have slept with women who have done far worse to me, a little non-lethal poison isn’t going to stop me from cultivating with them. Though, that is not to say I don’t have a line. It’s just that I am slightly more tolerant when it comes to beauties."

"Is that so..."

Wu Jingjing looked at him with a dumbfounded gaze before speaking in a bashful voice, "Anyway, I don’t know about the rewards, since I already belong to you, and I am willing to do anything for you even without the bet."

Hearing her words, Su Yang showed a mysterious smile on his face.

"How about another child?" he said in a calm voice.

"Eh?" Wu Jingjing stared at him with wide eyes filled with shock. Did she hear him properly?

"Hahaha!" Su Yang suddenly burst out laughing after seeing her reaction, and he said afterward, "I’m just joking with you. You are right. There’s no need for any rewards."

"Anyway, I am going to take a bath." Su Yang said as he walked away without turning around.

"..." Wu Jingjing continued standing there with a dazed look on her face, seemingly in deep thoughts.

A few moments later, Wu Jingjing was snapped out of her daze when Wu Min began crying in the other room.

Wu Jingjing then went to pick up Wu Min and changed her diapers before feeding her breast milk in the living room.

Sometime later, as Wu Jingjing was feeding Wu Min, one of the doors opened, causing Wu Jingjing to turn her head.

"Huh?" Wu Jingjing’s eyes widened with shock when she saw Lian Li walk out from one of the guest rooms while looking slightly drunk.

"Y-Your Highness...?" Wu Jingjing instinctively called out to her in a stupified voice.

"Wu Jingjing...?" Lian Li looked at Wu Jingjing without any reaction since she already knew about Wu Jingjing’s presence.

Wu Jingjing, on the other hand, was confused as to why Lian Li was inside her home and even one of her guest rooms. However, right as she opened her mouth to ask Lian Li, she noticed Lian Li’s messy and sweaty appearance, looking like she’d just finished some intense physical training.

"You... You... D-Did you cultivate with Su Yang?" Wu Jingjing decided to ask her for confirmation.

"Yes, I did." Lian Li responded without hesitation.

Wu Jingjing’s jaw dropped after hearing Lian Li’s simple but shocking answer. Su Yang actually managed to conquer the Lian Family’s princess within two days since their first meeting, not even mentioning the things that have happened between them! How does he do it? His talents in seducing women are comparable to his sword skills if not even stronger!

After a moment of silence, Lian Li walked to sit near Wu Jingjing before speaking, "Wu Jingjing, if you don’t mind me asking, why did you decide to bear his child?"

"Uhh..."

After pondering for a moment, Wu Jingjing spoke, "Initially, I only wanted a talented child at first, and with Su Yang’s sword talents, he was more than qualified to be the father. However, after I cultivated with him, I started to want more than just his child— I wanted him, too. And this feeling would only grow stronger after I gave birth to Wu Min."

"Is that so..." Lian Li mumbled in a low voice.

"Hm? So you two finally met, huh?" Su Yang suddenly appeared with a refreshed appearance and a handsome smile on his face. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"You! Why didn’t you tell me about Her Highness just now?" Wu Jingjing immediately complained to him.

"Because I thought it would be more fun if you found out yourself," he quickly responded.

"Unbelievable..." Wu Jingjing shook her head at him.

"Anyway, I should head back to the Four Seasons Academy now to prepare for our meeting with Emperor Lian," Su Yang said to her. "Do you want to come with me, or do you want to stay here for now?"

"Since Emperor Lian only agreed to meet with you and the Xie Family, I will stay here for now." Wu Jingjing said to him. "And I would like Wu Min to spend some more time with my father before we leave for good."

Su Yang nodded and said, "Okay, I will return to pick you two up when we are ready to leave."

Lian Li raised her eyebrows after listening to their conversation, as it sounded like they were going somewhere far away.

Su Yang then turned to look at Lian Li.

"You are coming right?" he asked her.

"Y-Yes..." she quickly nodded.

Su Yang and Lian Li left the house shortly later, but before Su Yang walked out of the door, Wu Jingjing suddenly grabbed his hand and pulled him towards her.

After a passionate kiss on his lips, Wu Jingjing mumbled to him in a spine-tingling voice, "If you really want another child, I will gladly bear as many as you want, Su Yang..."

Su Yang looked at her with a dazed face for a moment before speaking with a bright smile on his handsome face, "I won’t be humble then."