Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 683 Sect Master Zhu“s Decision

After taking some time to digest the information, Sect Master Zhu looked at Su Yang with a serious expression, and she asked him, "You... You plan on taking Zhu Mengyi and Zhu Jiayi to the Divine Heavens, right?"

"That’s right," he nodded.

"A world that’s thousands of times larger than this world... that also means that it’s thousands of times more dangerous, right?"

"That’s right." Su Yang said, not sugarcoating his words.

"Will you be able to protect them?" Sect Master Zhu continued in a clear voice.

"I will tell you exactly what I told Wu Jiang— I will protect them even at the cost of my life."

"Wu Jiang? That old fart? What did he say?"

"Just like you, he was unwilling to let her go at first, but he eventually decided to give up and let her leave with me."

"I see..." Sect Master Zhu closed her eyes and rubbed them for a good moment before speaking, "If that old fart could let his daughter go..."

"Haaaa..." After a long sigh, she continued, "You can tell that girl that she can do whatever she wants— I will no longer interfere with her decisions. In fact, she became an independent woman when she gave birth to Zhu Jiayi, and I have no right to keep her here for my own selfishness."

Su Yang nodded, and then he said, "Since I am taking away Zhu Mengyi and Zhu Jiayi from you, it’s only fair that I give you something in return."

After a moment of silence, he continued: "The Soul Divination Pill. I’ll teach you how to concoct it."

"REALLY?!" Sect Master Zhu immediately stood up and shouted after hearing his words, her eyes wide from excitement.

"Yes. Get the ingredients for me, and I’ll concoct it right in front of you. If you want, you can even let others watch." Su Yang said. "Try to gather the ingredients before I leave to meet Emperor Lian. I am going to speak with the Xie Family in the meantime. Once the preparations are complete, find me at Mengyi’s living quarters."

"Right away!" Sect Master Zhu did not even wait for Su Yang to leave before rushing outside to prepare for the pill.

Su Yang left the place after her and went to the Xie Family’s living quarters.

"Welcome back, Su Yang." Xie Xingfang greeted him at the door. "Are we leaving now?"

"No, I am just here to let you know that I have returned. We’ll leave tomorrow morning, so be prepared by then."

"I’ll let them know." Xie Xingfang nodded.

Su Yang returned to Mengyi’s living quarters shortly later, and to his surprise, Lian Li and Zhu Mengyi were sitting beside each other on the couch, and Zhu Jiayi was sitting on Lian Li’s lap.

"S-Su Yang?!" Lian Li immediately panicked after seeing his face, feeling embarrassed to be seen in this situation for some reason.

"Hoh. You didn’t seem like the type to like children. What a surprise." Su Yang said with a teasing smile on his face after seeing her reaction.

"I...I..." Lian Li was speechless.

"Hahaha... Don’t worry, I find women who can handle children quite charming."

"Really?" Zhu Mengyi looked at him with bright eyes.

"Why would I lie?" Su Yang said as he sat down beside them.

"Ahh! Aaah! Aaaaah!"

Zhu Jiayi suddenly began making noises while looking at Su Yang, even opening her arms wide for him.

"Hm? You want me to hold you?"

"H-Here you go..." Lian Li quickly passed Zhu Jiayi to Su Yang.

Once Zhu Jiayi was sitting on Su Yang’s lap, she immediately stopped making noises.

"I don’t know how, but I think she can somehow tell that you’re her father..." Zhu Mengyi spoke with amazement written all over her face.

"Then she must be a genius," he chuckled.

"Of course. She’s your daughter, after all." Zhu Mengyi said with a smile.

"..." Lian Li watched in silence as Su Yang played with Zhu Jiayi, and after watching them for many minutes, somewhere in her heart grew the desire to have children of her own.

Meanwhile, Sect Master Zhu just finished the preparations for the Soul Divination Pill and went to fetch Su Yang at Zhu Mengyi’s living quarters.

"Su Yang! I have finished the preparations! You can conduct the pill whenever you are ready!" Sect Master Zhu shouted from outside of the house before anyone could even open the door, as she was simply that impatient to see the Soul Divination Pill being concocted properly.

The door opened a few moments later, but the person Sect Master Zhu was expecting to see did not appear, and to her surprise, someone else who she did not expect even in a million years greeted her at the door.

"Senior Zhu." Lian Li opened the door and greeted her.

"Y-Y-Y-Your Highness?!?!?!" Sect Master Zhu took a few steps back from shock and rubbed her eyes afterward, not daring to believe her eyes.

"W-W-What are you doing here?"

"Due to some circumstances, I am going to see my father with Su Yang," she said.

"Su Yang?" Sect Master Zhu swallowed nervously, as she cannot comprehend this bizarre situation.

"Are the preparations ready?" Su Yang appeared a moment later in a casual manner and asked her while Zhu Jiayi was still in his arms.

"Y-Yes..." Sect Master Zhu quickly nodded. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"What’s happening? What is prepared?" Zhu Mengyi also appeared to ask with a curious look on her face.

"I am going to concoct the Soul Divination Pill for her," Su Yang said.

"The Soul Divination Pill!" Zhu Mengyi expressed surprise before asking with pure excitement in her voice, "Can I also watch?!"

"Of course."

Su Yang then looked at Lian Li and asked her, "Do you also want to come?"

"Yes," she quickly nodded.

The Soul Divination Pill is a mysterious pill that the Four Seasons Academy has been researching for many generations with her Lian Family’s help, but they have not been able to replicate the pill successfully despite having the full recipe for the pill. If Su Yang can really concoct the pill, it will surely be a historical event for them.