Chapter 686 Meeting Emperor Lian

"A world of its own inside a city? What a unique idea..." Lord Xie nodded with acknowledgment, clearly amazed by this place.

"My home is only 50 miles from here," Lian Li said, and she began flying in a straight line.

Su Yang and the others followed.

Sometime later, they arrived before a massive mansion that took up at least a mile worth of space.

"Let’s go inside." Lian Li said to them.

Once they entered the building, Lian Li brought them to the audience room.

She knocked on the door and said, "Esteemed father, I have brought your guests here."

"Come inside..." A clear voice resounded a moment later.

Lian Li opened the door and walked inside with the others.

"Lian Li? Why are you here? You should’ve told me that you were returning."

A handsome middle-aged man sat at the end of the long room, and a dozen experts at the Heavenly Spirit Realm stood on each side of the room.

Lian Li took a knee before Emperor Lian and spoke with her head slightly lowered, "I didn’t plan this visit, esteemed father."

"Is that so...?" Emperor Lian then turned to look at the Xie Family.

"Welcome, Xie Family from the Eastern Continent. I have been briefed about your family by Senior Zhu. Although you may have come from a different continent, we are both royalties of similar stature, so I won’t expect you to lower your head for me. Furthermore, our ancestors seemed to have a connection with your family’s ancestors before." Emperor Lian said to them with a friendly smile on his face.

"Even though our status may be similar, you are still our Senior in terms of cultivation, and we will respect you as such, Senior Lian." Xie Wang stepped forward and gave him a courteous bow. "This one is named Xie Wang, and I have long retired from the throne after giving it to my son here."

Lord Xie then stepped forward and also bowed to Emperor Lian respectfully, "This Junior is called Xie Yimu, and I am the current ruler of the Eastern Continent. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Senior Lian."

"And this is my daughter, Xie Xingfang." Lord Xie introduced her to him afterward.

"Greetings, Senior Lian." Xie Xingfang bowed.

Emperor Lian nodded and said, "Lian Po is my name, and as you already know, I am the current ruler of the Holy Central Continent. However, even though I bear the title of Emperor, I do not interact much with the outside world." Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Emperor Lian then turned to look at Su Yang before narrowing his eyes slightly.

"You must be Su Yang. I must say, you look exactly like how I’d imagined after hearing about your atrocious deeds— arrogant and fearless." Emperor Lian said to him with a profound gaze. "Even now, you do not put me in your eyes."

"Eh? Atrocious deeds? What did you do, Su Yang?" Xie Wang asked him in a baffled voice.

Hearing his question, Su Yang shrugged and said, "So many things have happened in the last few days that I forgot about it."

"If you don’t recall, why don’t I help you refresh your memories?" Emperor Lian said before continuing a moment later, "Not only did you humiliate the owner of the Nine Spring Hall— one of the most renowned and famous places on the continent with countless powerful connections by dragging him around the street naked but you also split the Nine Spring Hall itself in half afterward, destroying over one thousand years of history along with it. I won’t even mention the other part due to the sheer ridiculousness of it."

"Then you humiliated my son, Lian Heng, by viciously beating him in public and before thousands of his fellow disciples. However, that’s not all, as you also openly challenged my Lian Family before humiliating my daughter over there."

By the time Emperor Lian recalled everything that has happened in the last two days, the Xie Family was soaked in cold sweats. Is that what Su Yang did when he left the Four Seasons Academy for two days? And what on earth was Su Yang thinking, offending the Lian Family right before their meeting? If they cannot obtain the Four Elements Root from Emperor Lian, it will be purely his fault!

Meanwhile, the dozen Heavenly Spirit Realm experts standing in the background stared at Su Yang with a fierce expression on their faces, clearly upset by his actions.

"Now that you mention it, I am starting to remember everything. However, you seemed to have left out a little information," Su Yang said a moment later.

And he continued a moment later, "Let’s start with your son— Lian Heng. That idiot tried to covet my woman, who already has a child with me before my presence, even daring to threaten that he would use his authority to force her to become his woman. You are lucky that I didn’t kill him."

"The audacity! How dare you address His Highness as an idiot?!"

"Apologize to His Majesty right now!"

"Why aren’t you on your knees?!"

The Heavenly Spirit Realms Cultivators in the background immediately responded to his words.

Su Yang didn’t even bother to look at them and said while looking at Lord Xie, "Doesn’t this situation remind you of our first meeting? When your dogs barked at me?"

"Who are you calling dogs?!"

Right as the Heavenly Spirit Realm Cultivators started moving, Emperor Lian suddenly shouted, "Get back!"

The Heavenly Spirit Realm Cultivators immediately stopped moving before returning to their positions, but their gaze remained on Su Yang, looking as though they wanted to beat him up.

"..."

Lord Xie looked at Su Yang with a speechless expression. This guy is really talented at pissing people off.

Once the place was quiet again, Emperor Lian said to Su Yang, "I know about his obsession for Wu Jingjing, hence why I won’t be assisting him even though he’d asked for my help just the other day."

’That idiot dared to ask Father for help after his disgraceful performance?! How shameless! If I see that idiot again, I’ll definitely give him a beating!’ Lian Li cried inwardly after hearing that.