Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 687 Dried-up Corpse

"Since you know the deal with your own son, let’s move onto the next topic— the Nine Spring Hall," Su Yang continued a moment later.

"Even though I have already forgiven her, your daughter here, Lian Li, plotted with the Nine Spring Hall and poisoned me with the intention of trying to humiliate me."

"..."

A guilty and regretful expression appeared on Lian Li after being reminded of her little prank.

"And in return, I destroyed the Nine Spring Hall and humiliated its owner. If you have a problem with that, I am willing to listen," Su Yang said as he stared at Emperor Lian with a calm expression on his face.

"I understand why you wanted to punish them, but must you destroy the entire place? Was humiliating Jiu Chun in such an extreme manner not enough to subdue your anger?" Emperor Lian asked him.

"Anger? I wouldn’t say that I was angry." Su Yang said, and he continued, "If I have to be angry every time I want to do something extreme, I might as well not do anything at all since I am not easily angered."

"I destroyed the Nine Spring Hall as an example for what happens if one dares to mess with me even in the slightest. After all, I don’t want Jiu Chun’s friends testing their luck with me."

"..." Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

After a moment of silence, Emperor Lian spoke, but it was not related to any of the incidents caused by Su Yang: "You... Are you really related to Immortal Fairy Su Yue?"

"Immortal Fairy Su Yue?!"

The Heavenly Spirit Realm Cultivators and Lian Li looked at him with shocked looks on their faces. No wonder why his name sounded so familiar!

’Immortal Fairy Su Yue?’ The Xie Family looked at him with raised eyebrows.

"What are you going to do if I said yes?" Su Yang asked him.

"..."

Emperor Lian narrowed his eyes slightly— he didn’t dare to respond to such a critical question without thinking about it. If Su Yang turns out to be Immortal Fairy Su Yue’s husband, there was simply nothing he could do even if Su Yang decided to uproot the entire continent, as Immortal Fairy Su Yue’s prowess far exceeded that of the Lian Family and the entire continent combined.

However, before Emperor Lian could even respond, Su Yang continued, "If you are wondering whether I am her husband or not, then I am not. But that is not to say our relationship is not an intimate one."

"I see..." Emperor Lian nodded with a profound look on his face. Nobody there could guess what he was thinking.

After a moment of silence, he spoke, "Anyway, putting the incidents to the side for now, why did you want an audience with me? Surely, you didn’t come here just to challenge me, right?"

Su Yang smiled and said, "While that doesn’t sound too bad, unfortunately, I am here on urgent matters. The Four Elements Root, you have heard of it, right? Well, I want it."

"..."

Emperor Lian frowned for a good minute after hearing Su Yang’s words before speaking, "Why do you want the Four Elements Root?"

"Allow me to explain the situation, Senior Lian—" Xie Wang responded in Su Yang’s stead, and he proceeded to explain the situation and Xie Xingfang’s condition to Emperor Lian.

"A poisoned body, huh?" Emperor Lian pondered for a moment before continuing, "As much as I want to assist you, I cannot give you the Four Elements Root."

The Xie Family immediately frowned after hearing his words, and Lord Xie opened his mouth to ask, "May this Junior ask why, Senior Lian?"

Emperor Lian nodded his head and suddenly stood up from his seat.

"Follow me."

The Xie Family looked at Su Yang, who looked at Lian Li.

"This is probably about..."

A bitter expression appeared on Lian Li’s expression before she spoke, "I think it would be better if you saw the situation yourself."

Su Yang nodded, and they followed Emperor Lian for a few minutes until they arrived outside of another room.

"This smell..." Su Yang frowned after his nose picked up a foul odor in the air.

’I see... so that’s why he cannot give up the Four Elements Root, huh?’ Su Yang thought to himself as he quickly realized the situation.

"Inside this room is my wife, Feng Xindou." Emperor Lian suddenly said to them, "However, she is currently ill."

After taking a deep breath, Emperor Lian opened the door, allowing them to see the scene inside.

Inside the vast room was a single bed with no other furniture, and there appeared to be a figure sleeping on the bed, yet there was something odd about this figure.

"What in Heaven’s name..." Xie Wang’s eyes widened with surprise when he saw the ’human’ that was sleeping in the bed.

"That’s your wife...?" Xie Xingfang covered her mouth from shock after seeing Feng Xindou, who looked more like a dried-up corpse than a human being.

"My wife used to be a healthy Cultivator, but out of the blue one day, she became extremely sick— to the point where she had to be bedridden. No doctors were able to figure out the reason she became like this, and obviously, none of them were able to find a cure either, and for the past ten years, she has been in this state with her condition only growing worse. However, one of the best doctors on this continent had a breakthrough last year, and he said that the Four Elements Root might have a chance to heal her, hence why I cannot give it to you." Emperor Lian explained to them.

After a long moment of silence, Xie Xingfang spoke, "I understand, Senior Lian. Don’t worry, we won’t take the Four Elements Root from you— especially not after seeing the condition of your wife."

"I’m truly sorry about this, young lady." Emperor Lian sighed. "Although I cannot give you the Four Elements Root, if I can do anything else to help you, I would not hesitate."

However, Su Yang suddenly spoke a moment later, "If I can heal your wife, will you give us the Four Elements Root?"

"Huh?"

Upon hearing Su Yang’s sudden words, everyone there turned to look at him with wide eyes and dropped jaws, especially Emperor Lian, who held a dumbfounded look on his face, resembling a dumb chicken in that moment.