Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 689 Virgin“s Blood

Only three hours have passed since Emperor Lian ordered his people to gather the ingredients listed by Su Yang, and the Heavenly Spirit Realm Cultivators have already returned to their side with every single ingredient on the list.

"Here’s everything you asked for." Emperor Lian handed the ingredients to Su Yang.

Su Yang nodded and said, "I will immediately begin the treatment. Don’t bother us no matter what for the next 3 days."

Emperor Lian nodded with a resolute expression on his face. Even though he can already imagine what Su Yang might do to his wife, it was required for her recovery, and he is willing to endure anything to see her healthy once again.

After accepting the storage ring that contained the ingredients, Su Yang went into Feng Xindou’s room before sealing the doors.

"Your Majesty, do you think he’ll really be able to heal Her Majesty?" The Heavenly Spirit Realm Cultivators asked him in a doubtful voice.

"I don’t know, but we can only hope that he can..." Emperor Lian sighed.

"If Su Yang claims that he can help Senior Feng recover then I have no doubt that he’ll be able to save her," Xie Xingfang suddenly said with a confident expression on her face.

"You..." The people there looked at her with a dazed look.

"I also believe in him," Lian Li suddenly said, surprising everyone there.

"I understand why she would say such words but you...? What makes you trust him so much? Didn’t you try to poison him not long ago?" Emperor Lian asked her with his eyes wide with surprise.

"..." Lian Li immediately became speechless. Why must everyone keep bringing that up?

"Because I have witnessed his Alchemy skills," she said a moment later. "Father may not know this since it happened right before we arrived here but Su Yang... he... he successfully concocted the Soul Divination Pill that has challenged every Alchemist in the world for generations."

"What did you say?! The Soul Divination Pill?!" The Heavenly Spirit Realm Cultivators immediately expressed their shock, even forgetting her status for a moment.

"Is that true?" Emperor Lian asked her for confirmation, not daring to believe his ears.

The Soul Divination Pill has troubled them for as long as he could remember. To think Su Yang would concoct a pill that nobody else could after hundreds of years.

"Yes, since I watched him do it with Sect Master Zhu and many other sect elders." Lian Li nodded.

"Since we are on the topic, I might as well add that Su Yang... he has revolutionized Alchemy in the Eastern Continent with his godlike Alchemy skills and a few pills he’d brought into existence." Lord Xie suddenly said.

"Revolutionized Alchemy?" The people there looked at him with wide eyes, as that was a bold claim.

"Yes, it’s a pill called the Earth Advancement Pill and Heaven Transcendence Pill, which will allow Cultivators to breakthrough to the Earth Spirit Realm and the Heavenly Spirit Realm with ease."

"What on earth! How can such heaven-defying pills exist?!" Emperor Lian exclaimed.

However, Lord Xie merely shrugged his shoulders, as he had no answer for such a question.

Meanwhile, inside the room, Su Yang laid the ingredients on the floor before he retrieved an ordinary cauldron and tossed a few of the ingredients inside.

A few minutes later, he retrieved the liquid from the cauldron and poured it into a glass bottle.

This liquid was bright red, resembling fresh blood, but it was more translucent than blood.

Su Yang then approached the bed and looked at the dried-up figure that is Feng Xindou and said to her in a low voice, "I know you can hear me since you are awake. My name is Su Yang, and I am going to help cure your condition that is caused by your unique body that produces more Yin Qi than what one would normally produce." Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"However, since this is related to your Yin Qi, I am going to have to touch your body and make you release your Yin Qi. Though, I cannot touch your body for now since your body is not in the right condition."

"What I have in my hand right now is called ’Virgin’s Blood’, and it will help you release some of your Yin Qi."

Su Yang then removed the soft blankets that covered Feng Xindou’s body, revealing her body that resembled a dried-up corpse.

"I am going to pour it on you now."

After saying such words, Su Yang tilted the glass bottle and poured the Virgin’s Blood onto her body.

A few seconds after Feng Xindou was submerged in the translucent red liquid, her body began trembling slightly, and Yin Qi began leaking from between her legs.

However, unlike what a healthy lady would release, Feng Xindou’s Yin Qi was stained with blood, making it look like she was bleeding inside.

"I am going to leave you like this for a few hours. Just forget about everything and enjoy it for now."

Su Yang then returned to the cauldron, and he began concocting a few more things whilst Feng Xindou was bathing in the Virgin’s Blood.

A few hours later, Su Yang returned to Feng Xindou’s side, and there was a large puddle of red Yin Qi surrounding her body. However, there were also some changes to Feng Xindou’s body, as her skin no longer looked as dried-up as before, even looking a little bit glossy.

Su Yang waved his sleeves, sending the blood-stained Yin Qi to the end of the room.

"Your body is looking a lot better, but it’s still nowhere near being healthy again," he said to her as he retrieved a bottle of semi-transparent liquid that he’d just created.

"This is called Euphoric Oil, and it’ll enhance the effects of the Virgin’s Blood. Now that your body is better, we can speed up the process a little bit."

Su Yang then poured the entire bottle of Euphoric Oil onto her body, before pouring another bottle of Virgin’s Blood.

A few seconds later, Feng Xindou’s body began trembling again as it released more Yin Qi, and it was coming out at a much faster rate than before.