Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 693 Do You Still Want to Be My Woman?

"A-Are you sure you should be walking around, my wife? You had spent many years in that condition, after all..." Emperor Lian said to Feng Xindou when she began walking around.

"It’s because I have spent many years unable to move that I want to move around! And you don’t need to worry about my condition, as I am confident that something like this won’t affect me," she said.

If she could cultivate with Su Yang for many hours without any breaks, she shouldn’t have any problems with just walking around.

"Y-Your Majesty! Although you seem healthy, we do not know for sure whether or not you have fully recovered, so allow us to examine your body just in case." The doctors there suddenly said to her.

However, Feng Xindou narrowed her eyes at them and spoke in a cold voice, "Are you doubting my savior’s ability? None of you have the right to doubt him when you couldn’t even do a damn thing about my condition for many years, whilst Su Yang managed to help me walk in just three days! Shame on all of you!"

"..."

The doctors there immediately lowered their heads in shame after hearing Feng Xindou’s words, and there was nothing they could say that would save their faces at this point, as it was simply a fact that they were helpless against her condition.

"Anyway, where is Su Yang? What about Lian Li? Is she still at the Holy Sword Academy? I want her to return here as soon as possible." Feng Xindou no longer bothered with the doctors and asked Emperor Lian.

"Lian Li? She’s already here," he said. "As for Su Yang, he should be in the guest room with the other guests."

"Lian Li is already here? That makes things much easier," she nodded.

"Why do you need her?" Emperor Lian asked her.

"I plan on making her Su Yang’s partner," she answered without hesitation.

"W-What?! You want to make our daughter that man’s partner?!" Emperor Lian looked at her with wide eyes filled with shock, as this is the last thing he’d expected to come out of her mouth when she’d just recovered from her illness.

"Why are you so surprised? Or do you reject such an idea?" Feng Xindou narrowed her eyes at him.

"N-No... but the situation is much more complicated than you think..." Emperor Lian said. Even though it has been many years since they spoke with each other, Feng Xindou’s overbearing aura still frightens him sometimes.

"Complicated? How so?" Feng Xindou frowned.

"Well..." Emperor Lian proceeded to explain the situation to her— everything from Lian Heng’s deeds to what happened at and to the Nine Spring Hall. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

By the end of everything, Feng Xindou’s body was trembling, and her face was fuming in anger.

"That useless son and that stupid daughter of mine! How could they do such things to Su Yang?! Luckily for them, Su Yang is a compassionate gentleman, or else I would still be rotting away in that bed right now!" Feng Xindou shouted at Emperor Lian as though it was his fault for not teaching their children properly.

"I will personally deal with our boy later. Bring me to our daughter now!" she said in a fierce voice.

"Right away..." Emperor Lian swallowed nervously, not daring to argue with Feng Xindou when she’s this heated.

Meanwhile, in the guest room, where the Xie Family and Lian Li were gathered, Lian Li quickly ran up to Su Yang after seeing him return.

"Su Yang! How’s my mother?" she asked him.

"The treatment went as planned— she’s perfectly fine," Su Yang said to her.

"Thank you, Su Yang... Really, thank you..." Lian Li nearly fell onto her knees from relief.

Sometime later, the door opened again, and Emperor Lian and Feng Xindou entered the room.

"Mother!"

Despite the cold expression on Feng Xindou’s face and the nervous look on Emperor Lian’s face, Lian Li approached them with a bright face, clearly happy to see her mother healthy and walking.

However, right as Lian Li got close to Feng Xindou, a loud and crisp slapping sound echoed in the room, causing everybody there to look at them with wide eyes.

"M-Mother...?" Lian Li looked at her mother with a dazed look after being slapped so suddenly, wondering what she’d done wrong to deserve such a slap.

"I have heard everything from your father! How could you do something as stupid as poisoning my savior?! And to think I was trying to help you out! Now I look like a damn fool!" Feng Xindou yelled at her.

"Trying to help me out?" Lian Li raised her eyebrows.

Feng Xindou then looked at Su Yang and said, "I’m truly sorry for the trouble my children have caused you, Su Yang. I will definitely punish them later. As for what we talked about before... I doubt you would be willing to accept a woman who tried to poison you..."

"What...?" Lian Li looked at Feng Xindou with her wide eyes filled with shock. She didn’t think her mother would try to hook her up with Su Yang behind her back!

After a moment of silence, Su Yang spoke with a calm smile on his face, "While it is true that she has tried to poison me, I have already forgiven her. As for whether or not I’m willing to accept her..."

Su Yang then turned to look at Lian Li and continued, "What do you think? Do you still want to be my woman?"

"Eh?" It was Feng Xindou’s turn to be surprised now. "Still...?"

"Hm? Oh, that’s right, we haven’t mentioned it yet. Do you want to tell them, Lian Li?" Su Yang asked her.

Lian Li nodded and turned to look at her father and mother and spoke, "I... I have already given my body to him..."

"..."

Feng Xindou’s jaw dropped, as did Emperor Lian and everyone else in the room.

’Despite being brought up in a similar lifestyle as me, she actually managed to accept Su Yang...?’ Xie Xingfang looked at Lian Li with disbelief on her face.