Chapter 707 - Xie Xingfang's Resolution

After pondering deeply for an entire hour, Xie Xingfang finally came to a conclusion, and she turned to look at Su Yang before opening her mouth to speak, "S-Su Yang..."

Her voice was shaky and filled with nervousness as she called his name, and her heart was beating like crazy, feeling like it was on the verge of bursting into flames.

"What’s the matter?" Su Yang turned to look at her with a calm gaze.

"..."

Xie Xingfang’s body trembled after meeting his gaze, and her body uncontrollably froze for a moment.

Seeing her weird movements, Su Yang raised one of his eyebrows in a puzzled manner.

After a moment of awkward silence, Xie Xingfang closed her eyes and opened it again. She then began moving again until she was standing right in front of Su Yang, who was still sitting in the lotus position.

Taking a deep breath and releasing it, Xie Xingfang suddenly squatted forward until she was sitting on Su Yang’s lap.

"Xing’er...?" Su Yang looked at her with wide eyes, clearly surprised by her actions.

Xie Xingfang did not immediately respond and instead wrapped her arms around his neck before speaking in a bashful voice, "Su Yang... you said that you are willing to listen to me whenever, right?"

Once Su Yang nodded his head, Xie Xingfang continued, "Then I want you to listen to me."

"I... Xie Xingfang... is madly in love with you, Su Yang. I know that you already have many partners, and I want to keep you for myself, hence why I have been hesitating on telling you, but I know that it is impossible to take you from the others and keep you for myself. Over the last few weeks, I have been contemplating whether or not I should tell you, and I have finally come to a conclusion. Su Yang... I want to be with you no matter how many women you have in your life. Even if I am not your favorite, even if you get bored of me, I still want to be by your side, as I cannot imagine living a life without you anymore..."

Tears began to flow from her eyes, and she felt as though a massive mountain had just been lifted from her shoulders after her confession.

However, she was not finished, and she continued to speak with tears dripping from her beautiful face, "I know I am being selfish by doing this... and I am well aware that you might not even like me, but I still want you to accept me— at least for today."

And before Su Yang could even respond, Xie Xingfang began loosening the top of her robes, revealing her beautiful and flawless b.r.e.a.s.ts to Su Yang.

After showing Su Yang her snow-white b.r.e.a.s.ts, Xie Xingfang wrapped her slender arms around his head and pulled him into her chest, gently pressing her soft b.r.e.a.s.ts against his cheeks.

"Can you hear it, Su Yang? My heart... it feels like it’s going to burst out of my chest at any minute now, and I have never felt so excited and scared at the same time before..." Xie Xingfang mumbled in a low voice.

"..."

Su Yang intensively stared at the pink tip that was fully erect on Xie Xingfang’s b.r.e.a.s.t, as it was right before his face.

A moment later, without saying any words, Su Yang moved his head forward and opened his mouth before kissing Xie Xingfang’s b.r.e.a.s.ts and sucking on her soft n.i.p.p.l.es.

"Aaah~!" Xie Xingfang m.o.a.ned in a surprised voice, feeling an unfamiliar sensation suddenly coursing through her body, yet she did not push Su Yang away. In fact, she tightened her embrace on him.

Su Yang also embraced Xie Xingfang’s body, and he would continue to suck on her b.r.e.a.s.ts for the next minute with Xie Xingfang sitting on his lap.

"Mmm~!"

Xie Xingfang could feel Su Yang gentling nibbling on her hard tips, forcing her to m.o.a.n softly.

A few minutes later, Su Yang removed his mouth from Xie Xingfang’s b.r.e.a.s.ts and looked at her flushed and excited face.

"Thank you, Xing’er, for telling me your feelings. I know it was difficult, and I know you are still doubting yourself, but as I’d promised, I will help you remove those shackles of doubt so that you can express yourself freely."

After saying those words, Su Yang placed his hand on the back of Xie Xingfang’s head before pulling her into his face and kissing her soft and luscious lips.

Xie Xingfang did not reject his kiss and closed her eyes to focus on his lips.

After kissing for a few minutes, their heads separated from each other for a brief moment to breathe and look at each other in the eyes with a passionate gaze before their lips connected again, kissing even more passionately than before.

They continued in this manner for many minutes, nearly an hour, until they were satisfied.

"I never thought I would be doing this kind of thing within one of the most dangerous places in this world— the Abandoned Forest, no less..." Xie Xingfang spoke in an exhausted voice, sounding like she was out of breath from kissing too much.

"This is what makes life exciting— there are things in life you simply cannot expect or control no matter what you do," Su Yang said with a smile on his face.

Xie Xingfang nodded, and then she continued with a blush on her face, "Umm... What should we do now?"

Su Yang looked at their surroundings for a moment before speaking, "Since this isn’t exactly a suitable place for cultivation, let’s go up."

He then retrieved the flying boat and jumped onto it with Xie Xingfang still in his embrace.

They then flew straight upwards until they were surrounded by clouds in all four directions.

’W-We’re going to do it here?’ Xie Xingfang said inwardly with a dazed face. Won’t this make her an exhibitionist? Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Despite that, a small smile still appeared on her beautiful face, as she was simply too excited to finally cultivate with Su Yang to care about the minor things such as their location.