Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Chapter 709 - A Serious Proposal

"Are you okay?" Su Yang asked Xie Xingfang after his rod reached the end of her hole.

"Is it... all inside?" Xie Xingfang asked in return.

"I fit all I could inside," Su Yang nodded.

"Go ahead, Su Yang. Use my body to please yourself. I can endure it," she then said to him.

However, Su Yang shook his head and said, "That isn’t right. I am not doing this just so I can relieve myself. I am doing this because I want you to feel good, not the other way around. Furthermore, this is more than just about pleasure. This is the beginning of our love— our relationship."

Hearing his words, Xie Xingfang’s teary eyes actually began tearing up. "Thank you, Su Yang... for accepting me... I really, really love you..."

Su Yang bent over to kiss Xie Xingfang on the lips. After removing his lips, he said, "I love you, too."

"I am going to start moving now," he said a moment later.

"Okay," Xie Xingfang nodded with her slender legs spread wide open.

Su Yang firmly grasped her soft thighs and began moving his h.i.p.s shortly later, pumping his rod in and out of her small hole.

"Ahh~!"

Although it was still painful for Xie Xingfang at first and many minutes later, the pain eventually lessened, allowing her to fully indulge herself in the heavenly pleasure that wrapped around her body like a soft and warm blanket.

"Mmm~!"

"Aaaahn~"

Xie Xingfang m.o.a.ned elegantly in a soft voice, and Su Yang’s rod would stiffen a little more every time her heavenly voice tingled in his ears.

"I want to embrace you, Su Yang." Xie Xingfang suddenly said to him with her arms spread.

Su Yang nodded, and he lifted her body, allowing her to embrace his body while he continued to pound her lower mouth in the sitting position.

Many minutes later, Xie Xingfang said, "Let me please you now, Su Yang."

After saying that, she placed her warm hands onto his chest, before gently pushing his body onto the mattress. Once Su Yang was laying down, Xie Xingfang stood up and sat on his body, and she began riding his body like a horse.

"Aaahh~!"

"Aaaahn~!"

"Aaah~!"

Xie Xingfang m.o.a.ned loudly with passion in her voice as she moved her h.i.p.s in a humping motion, thrusting Su Yang’s stiff rod deep into her body.

Once Xie Xingfang began to slow down from exhaustion, Su Yang firmly grabbed onto her h.i.p.s and lifted his own lower body, causing Xie Xingfang to fall onto his chest.

He then began moving his h.i.p.s up and down, thrusting his pole in and out of her slippery hole.

However, no matter how many times he penetrated or stretched Xie Xingfang’s small hole, the tightness remained the same. In fact, it only became tighter as Xie Xingfang’s l.u.s.tful nature increased. Furthermore, no matter how tight Xie Xingfang’s hole was squeezing his rod, it did not feel painful or uncomfortable, only the opposite!

’What an amazing body! Xie Xingfang, you are truly a phenomenal woman!’ Su Yang couldn’t help but admire the feeling of Xie Xingfang’s body. Even in his previous life, there were very few women who could satisfy his little brother to such an extent so naturally without the use of any dual cultivation techniques, and it was as though Xie Xingfang’s body was made to please him.

After a few more minutes of cultivating, Su Yang said, "I am going to release my Yang Qi now."

"Go ahead! Fill my body with your essence!" Xie Xingfang said.

The next moment—

"Aaaaah~! It’s so hot~" Xie Xingfang m.o.a.ned loudly as Su Yang’s burning hot Yang Qi filled her small hole.

"Haaa... haaa... haaaa..."

Xie Xingfang panted heavily while she rested on Su Yang’s chest that was surprisingly cool when her own body was covered in sweat.

While Xie Xingfang rested, Su Yang spoke, "Xing’er, you want to follow me to the Divine Heavens, right?"

"I don’t care where you go, Su Yang. I only want to be by your side," she mumbled in a low voice.

"Then do you want my Family Seal?" he asked.

"Family Seal... the same ones as those girls from the Holy Central Continent...?"

"That’s right. However, there are family rules everyone must abide by." Su Yang proceeded to explain to her the Family Seal and the family rules within the Su Family.

"What do you think? Do you accept?"

"Yes, I accept..." she gently nodded.

"Then I have another proposal for you," Su Yang continued.

"Proposal?"

"Yes, and you are the first woman to officially receive this proposal, as I have never seriously asked another woman this even in my previous life."

Hearing such words, Xie Xingfang lifted her head to look at him with a surprised face, her eyes filled with curiosity and enthusiasm.

"Xing’er... do you want to bear my child?" Su Yang asked her with a serious expression on his face.

"You want me to... bear your child?" Xie Xingfang’s eyes widened with shock, as she didn’t expect things to move this fast.

"You don’t want to?"

"T-That’s not it! I am just surprised..." she quickly responded.

And she continued, "Can I really bear your child, Su Yang?"

"I did ask you, didn’t I? Even I wouldn’t dare to tease you with something like this," Su Yang said with a smile on his face.

"I am willing!" Xie Xingfang immediately said afterward. "I want to bear your child, Su Yang! No, please let me bear your child!"

Su Yang suddenly poked her nose and said with a smile, "Why are you begging? I am the one asking you to bear my child, silly."

Sometime later, they began cultivating again with the intent of creating their first child together.

"This will not only give you the Family Seal but also a baby, Xing’er!" Su Yang said to her.

"Go ahead, Su Yang! I.m.p.r.e.g.n.a.t.e me! One, two, three— I am willing to bear as many children as you want me to bear!" Xie Xingfang spoke in a passionate voice.

A few moments later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi into Xie Xingfang’s body, and his tiny white warriors immediately began working on invading and fertilizing her egg.