Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 711 - Creating the Antidote

"Anyway, what are we waiting for? Now that we have collected all of the ingredients, let’s hurry up and heal Xing’er!" Xie Wang said a moment later.

"Calm down, old man. There’s no need to be so impatient. Nothing will have to Xing’er even if we wait a few more days," Su Yang said to him.

"Huh? Why wait when we can heal her now?" Xie Wang asked him with wide eyes.

Su Yang shook his head and said, "Just because we have the ingredients does not mean we can immediately use them. We will need at least another week to prepare the antidote for her condition."

"Is that so..." Xie Wang nodded, and then he looked at the large egg in Su Yang’s hands and asked, "By the way, what kind of egg is that? I have never seen anything like that before."

"That’s the Purple Qilin’s unborn baby. We brought it back with us hoping to grow and train it to become a powerful Guardian Spirit for the Eastern Continent," Xie Xingfang said.

"What?! The Purple Qilin’s baby?!" Xie Wang and Lord Xie exclaimed at the same time.

"Purple Qilins?" Lian Li raised her eyebrows, hearing of their existence for the first time since they did not exist in the Holy Central Continent.

"Even if you say that... How exactly do we train Purple Qilins? And how long do they usually take to hatch?" Lord Xie asked.

"Uhh..." Xie Xingfang turned to look at Su Yang for help.

Su Yang looked at the Purple Qilin egg for a moment before speaking, "Judging from the spiritual energy coming from this thing, it should hatch within four to six months."

"Six months, huh. That’s not bad."

"As for training Purple Qilins... I have no idea since they’re not really Guardian Spirits. Though, Purple Qilins obey the strong, so as long as assert your dominance and let it know that you are its owner, it should listen to you."

"Eh? We cannot train it as a Guardian Spirit?" Xie Xingfang said in a surprised voice.

Su Yang shook his head and said, "Guardian Spirits are called Guardian Spirits for a reason— not every magical beast has the capability to become a Guardian Beast. However, that is not to say you cannot train magical beasts to act like one, as the concept is pretty much the same."

"I see..." Xie Xingfang nodded.

"Anyway, you can take this thing. I am going to prepare the medicine for Xing’er. Ah, in the meantime, bring me some more ingredients," Su Yang said as he handed the large egg to Xie Wang before pulling out a piece of paper and brush.

After writing a list of things, he handed the list to Lord Xie and said, "The ingredients listed there are neither rare nor hard to find, but I will need them in large quantities. Have it ready before the medicine is ready next week."

"..."

Lord Xie was speechless. When did the Xie Family start working for Su Yang, and why are they being treated as though they were his servants?

But alas, as much as he wanted to complain, he didn’t dare to utter a single word, as he had enough of being scolded by Su Yang, and it was much easier to just do as he was told than to argue with Su Yang since it was impossible to win against him.

After handing the list of ingredients to Lord Xie, Su Yang said, "I am going to go into closed cultivation for an entire week until the medicine is ready. Do not disturb me until then."

The people there nodded before watching Su Yang calmly return to his room. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Once Su Yang locked himself inside his room, he retrieved all of the ingredients needed to create the antidote and a cauldron and began working.

Meanwhile, the Xie Family scrambled to gather the new ingredients listed by Su Yang.

"Heavens, why does he need so much medicine? They may not be rare, but wanting such large quantities of medicine with such a short notice is also as difficult as gathering rare medicine!" Lord Xie complained to the empty air as he organized the entire thing.

"This is enough medicine to last an entire sect for multiple years or treat over one million patients!"

Meanwhile, Xie Xingfang was dragged by Zhu Mengyi and the other ladies into another room, where they spent an entire week talking to each other about their experience with Su Yang and anything related to Su Yang, almost like a group of girls during a sleepover.

A week passed in the blink of an eye, and after leaving his room, Su Yang went to look for Lord Xie to retrieve his ingredients.

"Do you have them?" Su Yang asked Lord Xie, who had an annoyed expression on his face.

"Take it." Lord Xie tossed a storage ring to Su Yang.

"What about the antidote? Is it complete?" Lord Xie asked Su Yang afterward.

"Yes. I am going to treat Xing’er now." Su Yang nodded.

"Really? I will come with you." Lord Xie said.

"Do whatever you want."

Lord Xie then followed Su Yang around.

Sometime later, everyone was gathered before Su Yang.

"Xing’er, I am going to treat your body today," Su Yang said to her.

"Okay. I just need to bathe in it, right? The bath is already prepared, we can do this whenever—"

"We’re going to do this elsewhere," Su Yang suddenly interrupted her.

"Huh? Where are we going to go?" Xie Xingfang asked with raised eyebrows.

"Follow me."

Su Yang proceeded to lead everyone outside Snowfall City and towards the mountain range a few miles away.

"This direction is... The Celestial Pond?" Xie Wang immediately realized where Su Yang was trying to bring them.

"That’s right." Su Yang nodded.

"But the Celestial Pond is closed already..." Liu Lanzhi said to him, still feeling slightly bitter about what had happened.

"Closed? We’ll see about that," Su Yang said with a smile on his face.