Chapter 712 - Opening the Formation

After reaching the location that contained the Celestial Pond, Su Yang proceeded to stare at the empty space for many minutes in silence.

Meanwhile, the others there wondered what he was doing.

"What’s he doing?" Zhu Mengyi asked out loud, as this is her first time being there.

"He’s probably trying to break the formation that conceals the location of the Celestial Pond," Liu Lanzhi said, and she proceeded to explain to them the Celestial Pond in detail.

"The Celestial Pond only opens once every 100 years for seven days before closing again. However, Su Yang thinks he can open the Celestial Pond sooner than that. Though, even if he can open the portal to the Celestial Pond, I don’t know how he’ll use the Celestial Pond since it recently dried up."

"Lord Xie, if I recall correctly, you doubted my abilities, right? You think I cannot open the portal to the Celestial Pond by myself, right?" Su Yang suddenly looked at Lord Xie with a smile on his face.

"..."

Lord Xie sighed inwardly, as he can already imagine the humiliation that he’s about to experience once again.

"That’s right." However, Lord Xie did not back down and nodded his head with a serious expression on his face.

"And even if you somehow manage to crack the formation and open the portal to the Celestial Pond, the Celestial Pond has already dried up its resources and unless you have heaven-defying abilities to restore the Celestial Pond, even you cannot do anything about it!"

"You sound very confident about that, little boy. But are you confident enough to make another bet with me?" Su Yang narrowed his eyes at Lord Xie.

"L-Little boy?"

A strong chill appeared in Lord Xie’s spine, and his body trembled a second later, yet he didn’t dare to refute Su Yang, as he was indeed a mere child in the presence of someone who used to be an Immortal.

"If you want me to run around the city n.a.k.e.d then I will have to refuse..." Lord Xie narrowed his eyes and said.

"Hahaha... Don’t worry, I won’t ask for something like that. Instead, if I manage to open the formation and restore the Celestial Pond, I will take something you value the most in this world," Su Yang said, dumbfounding him.

"What I value the most in this world?" Lord Xie raised his eyebrows in a puzzled manner. What did Su Yang mean by that? He couldn’t understand the meaning behind Su Yang’s words as it was too vague.

Meanwhile, Xie Xingfang immediately realized Su Yang’s intent and blushed in the background.

"In return, if I cannot break the formation or restore the Celestial Pond, I will give you a Divine-grade cultivation technique and a Divine-grade martial technique that is above the Immortal-grade." Su Yang suddenly said, shocking everybody there.

"Divine-grade cultivation technique and martial technique?! Are you serious?!" Lord Xie exclaimed in disbelief.

"Yes, it’s something that belongs to the Divine Heavens." Su Yang nodded.

"Deal!" Lord Xie immediately said a second later, as he was not willing to let go of such a chance no matter what he had to sacrifice!

"Very well..." A mysterious smile appeared on Su Yang’s face before he turned around and returned to facing the empty air.

A few minutes later, Su Yang finally moved, and he gently tapped the empty air with his finger that was glowing golden light before drawing a complex pattern in the air, making it seem as though a firefly was flying around.

After drawing the first symbol in the air, Su Yang continued onto the second one... a third symbol... until he drew 99 symbols in the air.

"This is the last one." Su Yang’s eyes then flickered with a profound light, and he stabbed his finger into the air as though it was a sword, creating a streak of golden light in the air.

Clang!

A massive crack suddenly appeared in the air before exploding into countless fragments, revealing the hidden portal.

"Although I do not know who placed this formation here, it’s actually quite complex. Furthermore, if one tries to force their way through the formation, it will explode, and the formation contains enough spiritual energy to blow up everyone here and Snowfall City instantly," Su Yang said afterward.

"WHAT?!"

Everybody there exclaimed in a shocked voice after hearing this shocking revelation. The formation could’ve exploded and destroyed the entire city? That’s ridiculous!

"And you didn’t even try to warn us before trying?! What if you’d screwed up?! You would’ve killed all of us!" Lord Xie exclaimed in an angry voice.

"Hahaha... that’s only if I tried to force my way through it. I didn’t do that, so even if I’d failed, it wouldn’t explode." Su Yang laughed at his reaction.

"Then what did you do?" Lord Xie asked him.

"I opened it with the key, that’s all." Su Yang shrugged.

"That doesn’t even make any sense!" Lord Xie frowned.

"It’s the difference between someone opening a closed door with the keys and another opening the door with a forceful kick. It’s two completely different things," Su Yang shook his head and said.

"Anyway, now that the portal to the Celestial Pond is opened, let’s hurry and deal with the other problem— restoring the Celestial Pond."

Su Yang then jumped into the portal without any hesitation, and the others quickly followed. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

’Can Su Yang really restore the Celestial Pond?’ Lord Xie pondered to himself with a serious expression on his face as he entered the portal, as that would, without doubt, shake the entire world, allowing them to use the Celestial Pond multiple times without needing to wait 100 years every single time!

Sometime later, once everyone was inside the portal, they approached the dried-up Celestial Pond and watched as Su Yang stood beside the golden tree before placing his hands onto it and closing his eyes, seemingly trying to analyze it.

Many minutes of silence later, Su Yang opened his eyes, and he turned to look at Lord Xie with a smile on his face, "Make sure you watch closely. You don’t want to miss this, as this will be the moment I take your most valuable treasure."