Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 714 - You’ll Never Win Against Him

"Fa-Father?!" Xie Xingfang shouted in a surprised voice before she quickly went to drag Lord Xie out of the Celestial Pond so that he wouldn’t drown, which will surely become one of the most ridiculous deaths ever in history for a Cultivator at the Heavenly Spirit Realm.

"If he cannot handle a little kiss on the lips, who knows how he’ll react once he learns about ’that’..." Su Yang shook his head at Lord Xie’s exaggerated reaction.

"Xing’er... Have you really decided to follow him?" Xie Wang suddenly approached them and asked her.

"Un." Xie Xingfang nodded her head before speaking, "I no longer have any more hesitation or doubt in my mind or heart. I want to follow Su Yang no matter where he goes." Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Xie Wang released a long sigh before nodding, "I knew this day would come sooner or later. Despite your hesitation before, I knew it wouldn’t last long with someone like Su Yang."

He then looked at Su Yang and continued, "Congratulations on conquering my granddaughter, Su Yang. If it had been anyone else, I wouldn’t be this calm or supportive. However, you... I know you will take care of her no matter where you guys decide to go."

Xie Wang then picked up Lord Xie and said, "I’ll take him back home for now, and don’t you dare come back without a healthy body again."

After Xie Wang left the Celestial Pond with Lord Xie, the others there also decided to leave them alone.

"Good luck, Su Yang, Xing’er..." Liu Lanzhi said to them before leaving.

Once everyone disappeared from the Celestial Pond, leaving Su Yang and Xie Xingfang alone, Su Yang said, "Let’s get this over with, shall we?"

Xie Xingfang nodded.

"We are going to use the Celestial Pond as your bath, as that would increase the effects of the poison and improve the chances of healing your body," Su Yang said.

"Won’t that also affect the Celestial Pond itself? If we contaminate it with the poison..." Xie Xingfang expressed her concerns.

"You don’t have to worry about contaminating the Celestial Pond with the poison, Xing’er, since the real Celestial Pond is this tree right here, and as long as we don’t get it into its roots, it’ll be fine. I have already created a formation around the tree to protect it against the poison later," Su Yang explained to her, relieving her of her worries.

Su Yang then retrieved a dozen pills and around 7 bottles containing unknown liquids, placing them right in front of the Celestial Pond.

"Are those...?" Xie Xingfang could feel the toxicity coming from these items even without touching it, feeling as though she had returned to the Abandoned Forest.

"Yes, these are the ingredients that were gathered for this occasion. Every single one of these could instantly kill even a Sovereign Spirit Realm Cultivator before they can open their mouth and scream."

Xie Xingfang began to sweat after hearing his words. Despite having the Thousand Poisons Body and being immune to nearly every poison in existence, bathing in such potent poison still caused her spirit to tremble.

Seeing how Xie Xingfang was trying to remain calm and hide her nervousness, Su Yang chuckled and said, "Don’t worry, none of these poison items would affect you. If you still had the Hundred Poisons Body then perhaps you should be worried, but the current you can eat these and still be fine."

And he continued, "Anyway, I am going to toss these into the Celestial Pond one at a time, and you will bathe in it at least 10 hours every time. This is going to take a few days, so you should get as comfortable as possible."

Xie Xingfang understood the meaning behind his words and began to remove her clothes, revealing her slender body and jadelike skin.

"Oh, you can also take off that talisman." Su Yang pointed at the area between her legs.

Xie Xingfang nodded and peeled the talisman from her slit, and Yang Qi immediately began flowing out like a waterfall.

’There’s so much...’ Xie Xingfang thought to herself as the Yang Qi dripped onto the floor, creating a small puddle beneath her.

"Hm?" Xie Xingfang suddenly realized something, and she turned to look at Su Yang with wide eyes. "Does... Does this mean I am already pregnant?"

Hearing her question, Su Yang nodded with a warm smile on his face, "Yes, your egg should be fertilized by now."

A bright smile appeared on Xie Xingfang’s face, and she uncontrollably embraced him.

"Thank you, Su Yang!" she said in an excited voice.

"Me, too, Xing’er. I am thankful that you chose me." Su Yang said.

Sometime later, Su Yang tossed one of the poison pills into the Celestial Pond, instantly turning the golden liquid into a greyish color.

"Go ahead and start cultivating inside. I will let you know when you can stop so you can focus on cultivation," Su Yang said to her afterward.

"Okay."

Xie Xingfang dipped her toes on the water before stepping into the Celestial Pond and submerging herself in the toxic water.

Once Xie Xingfang closed her eyes, Su Yang also sat down and proceeded to watch over her like a Guardian Spirit.

Meanwhile, back at the Xie Family’s house, Lord Xie finally woke up.

"What happened? Where am I?" Lord Xie mumbled in a confused voice as he opened his eyes.

"You’re back in your room, my son." Xie Wang, who was sitting not far away, said to him.

"Father...? Ah! Xing’er!" Lord Xie quickly recalled what happened at the Celestial Pond and said, "T-Tell me that was a dream! That my daughter didn’t kiss Su Yang right before my eyes!"

Hearing his words, Xie Wang smiled and said, "You should have known about Xing’er’s feelings for Su Yang long ago so why are you acting so shocked now? Just give up and let Su Yang have her— you’ll never win against him, anyway."

"..." Lord Xie frowned after hearing Xie Wang’s words, but he didn’t know how to respond to such words, as he was unable to refute Xie Wang’s words.