Chapter 717 - Announcing Their Alliance

Once the Celestial Pond was close to drying up, Su Yang and the ladies stopped their cultivation and left the pond.

"Are we ready to leave this place?" Wu Jingjing asked them after seeing them leave the Celestial Pond.

"Yes, just let me clean this place up a bit." Su Yang said as he waved his sleeves, collecting the dirty water into an empty storage ring.

Afterward, they walked through the portal and left the Celestial Pond.

Sometime later, they returned to the Xie Family’s household.

"Are you going to return to the Profound Blossom Sect now?" Xie Wang asked him.

"That’s right. Now that Xing’er is healed, you no longer need me here." Su Yang nodded.

Xie Wang then looked at Xie Xingfang and asked her, "What about you, Xing’er? Now that you are following Su Yang, are you going to live in the Profound Blossom Sect with him?"

However, Xie Xingfang shook her head and said, "Since I am going to be following Su Yang in the future to somewhere far away, I’d like to spend the rest of my time in this world with you and father. Do you mind, Su Yang?"

"Why would I? If you ever feel lonely, just send me a message using a message talisman and I’ll immediately come here to keep you company," he said with a smile on his face.

"..." Xie Wang looked at them with wide eyes.

"D-Did you two already...?" he asked him in a trembling voice, yet he somehow already knew the answer before they even answered.

"I am already pregnant, grandfather," Xie Xingfang revealed this shocking revelation to him.

"P-P-Pregnant?!" Xie Wang fell onto his butt with a shocked expression on his face, looking as though he’d just seen the ghost of his ancestors.

"Wow, that was fast..." Zhu Mengyi mumbled after hearing that. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Looks like you’ll have another sibling in the near future, Wu Min," Wu Jingjing chuckled.

"Actually, I am pregnant, too." Lian Li suddenly revealed to them.

"Y-You too?" Zhu Mengyi looked at her with wide eyes.

"When did it happen?" Wu Jingjing asked her with a dazed face.

"On our way here from the Holy Central Continent," Lian Li responded with a bashful smile.

"Wow... At this rate, who knows how many children will be in the family by the time we leave this world and head to the Divine Heavens," Zhu Mengyi said.

"The more the merrier," Wu Jingjing giggled.

Sometime later, Xie Wang calmed down and stood back up again.

Then he said with a serious expression on his face, "Congratulations, Xing’er, Su Yang. I cannot wait to see the child and become a great grandfather."

"Thank you, grandfather. By the way, where’s my father?" Xie Xingfang finally noticed his absence.

"Oh, he’s dealing with a few things now. We plan on announcing the Xie Family’s alliance with the Profound Blossom Sect, not to mention the gathering that was requested by Su Yang," Xie Wang said.

"By the way, should we also announce that you and Su Yang are now together? This way, we would stop receiving marriage proposals from the other families."

Xie Xingfang turned to look at Su Yang and asked him, "What do you think, Su Yang?"

"I will let you decide," he said with a smile on his face.

Xie Xingfang pondered for a moment before nodding her head, "I want it to be announced. However, I want to be the one to announce it."

And then she continued, "Su Yang, can you be there with me during the announcement?"

"Of course. When do you want to make the announcement?" Su Yang asked.

"I will do it during your gathering if you don’t mind, as everyone is already gathered there."

"Sounds good," Su Yang nodded.

"By the way, Xing’er, let’s keep the thing about your pregnancy a secret from my son for now," Xie Wang suddenly said.

"Why?" Xie Xingfang tilted her head.

"Well, he already has enough going on in his mind right now. I don’t want to burden him even more with such news for now," Xie Wang said.

"Then when should we let him know?" Xie Xingfang tilted her head.

"We don’t. He’ll eventually know once he starts your belly blowing up— hahaha!" Xie Wang laughed out loud.

Su Yang merely shook his head with a smile, as this wasn’t any of his business.

"Anyway, I will return to the Profound Blossom Sect now," Su Yang said.

"Okay! I will see you soon, Su Yang!" Xie Xingfang gave him a passionate hug and kiss before letting him go.

Sometime later, Su Yang gathered everyone from the Profound Blossom Sect and the Holy Central Continent before boarding the large flying ship and flying back to the Profound Blossom Sect.

Meanwhile, news of the Xie Family and the Profound Blossom Sect forming an alliance began spreading throughout the entire continent like wildfire, shocking everybody that heard this unprecedented news.

"What?! The Xie Family formed an alliance with the Profound Blossom Sect!? What does this mean?! Where does the Profound Blossom Sect stand in terms of their status within the power balance?"

"What will happen to the Elite Sects from now on? How much power does the Profound Blossom Sect hold now compared to the other sects and families?"

Nearly everybody questioned the situation, as they have never experienced something like this before.

However, not only did the Xie Family announce their alliance with the Profound Blossom Sect but they have also announced a gathering for pretty much every sect and family in the Eastern Continent— it was a massive gathering that only happens once every century.

As for the purpose of this gathering, the Xie Family did not say and only mentioned that it was very important. And while it was not mandatory to attend, nobody would dare to miss a summoning by the Xie Family regardless of its importance.

After returning to the Profound Blossom Sect, Su Yang said to Liu Lanzhi and the other disciples that participated in the Celestial Pond, "I know what happened at the Celestial Pond was discouraging, but I have something that should make up for it."