Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 723 Blossom Spring

Seeing their bewildered expressions, Tang Lingxi smiled and said, "I don’t know whether Su Yang already told you or not, but I am someone from the Divine Heavens, and I also belong to the Su Family."

"And in order to reunite with Su Yang, I have consumed a forbidden pill called Soul Invading Pill, which allowed me to transmigrate my soul into another body and take control of their body temporarily. I know that sounds wrong, but you don’t have to worry, as this body— whose original owner is named Hong Yu’er— has given me permission to use her body, and in return for borrowing her body, I am helping her cultivate."

After a moment of silence, Zhu Mengyi spoke, "Heavens... This Soul Invading Pill— what a terrifyingly powerful pill! I cannot even begin to imagine the terror it would cause if such a pill landed in the wrong hands..."

"It is indeed quite a scary pill, but that’s why it’s a forbidden pill, and it’s not something anyone can just obtain, as it’s heavily regulated and protected by the Alchemy God, who is also the only person in the world that can concoct such a pill, so you don’t have to worry about it getting into the wrong hands."

"The Alchemy God...?" Zhu Mengyi wondered what kind of person this Alchemy God is.

"Anyway, enough about me. Tell me about yourselves— junior sisters who have accepted Su Yang’s Family Seal."

The three ladies then proceeded to introduce themselves.

However, right as they were going to mention their backgrounds, Tang Lingxi said to them, "You don’t have to tell me your backgrounds, I don’t really care about it."

After all, as the princess of the Asura God Clan, no matter how impressive their backgrounds may be in this world, it wouldn’t even qualify to be compared to the Asura God Clan. Furthermore, one’s background did not matter in the Su Family, so it wouldn’t have mattered regardless.

"Instead of your background, I want to hear about your experiences with Su Yang. But we should go somewhere more comfortable. Follow me to my room," Tang Lingxi said to them as she entered the Ying Yang Pavilion.

"I guess it’s your room now," Su Yang shook his head with a smile on his face.

"Anyway, you girls can go ahead without me. I have something else to do right now."

"Okay." They nodded before leaving him alone.

Once the ladies went inside the Yin Yang Pavilion, Su Yang turned around and began making his way back to the Medicine Hall.

"Su Yang? Did you forget something?" The disciples inside the Medicine Hall were puzzled to see him return so quickly.

"Something like that," he nodded.

"If you’re here for Master, she just left the building not long ago," one of the disciples said to him.

"Hm? Where did she go?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows, as Su Liqing rarely leaves the Medicine Hall.

"Master went to the Blossom Spring to clean herself. She should be back in an hour," said the disciples.

"Blossom Spring? This is my first time hearing of this place." Su Yang said with a slightly surprised expression. How come he’s never heard of this place before?

"Ah, that’s probably because only female sect elders are allowed to go there, and it’s located in a secure area somewhere on the Blossom Mountain a few miles outside our sect, so not many people know about it. We only know about it because our Master goes there once a month to bathe in the spring that is also said to cleanse impurities within one’s body."

"Cleanse one’s impurities?" Su Yang asked the disciples a moment later, "Where can I find this Blossom Mountain?"

"I’m not exactly sure about its exact location, but it should be towards the south."

"Thank you," Su Yang said to them before leaving the Medicine Hall.

Once Su Yang left, the disciples sighed, "Haaaa... It must be nice to have so much of Su Yang’s attention. If only I was in the Master’s shoes."

"Keep dreaming junior sister. Su Yang is too much for us. We’re already immensely lucky to get to cultivate with him. Don’t push your luck too much."

"What’s wrong with dreaming? It’s called dreaming for a reason!" Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

While the disciples chatted with each other, Su Yang flew towards the south even after he left the sect.

A few miles later, Su Yang could see a small but beautiful mountain that was filled with blossom trees, and at the end of the mountain, there was a small spring that was also covered in blossom petals that had fallen from the large blossom tree that was located right next to the spring, resembling the Celestial Pond.

Once Su Yang got closer to the spring, he was able to see Su Liqing’s beautiful figure bathing in the Blossom Spring with her eyes closed, and he decided to approach her.

Meanwhile, Su Liqing was completely relaxed and unaware of Su Yang’s presence.

"I never knew such a beautiful place existed until today," Su Yang’s voice suddenly resounded, startling Su Liqing.

"S-Su Yang?! What are you doing here? You nearly gave me a heart attack!" Su Liqing sighed in relief after realizing that it was him.

"I’m sorry if I scared you just now. As for what I am doing here... have you already forgotten what I said to you not long ago?" Su Yang said to her with a smile on his face as he descended onto the ground beside the spring.

"Eh? But you said tomorrow... That’s why I am preparing myself right now." Su Liqing said with a dazed expression on her face.

"I know, but I cannot wait, so here I am," he said, still with a smile on his face. "Or are you going to keep me waiting until tomorrow?"

Su Liqing chuckled in a defeated voice before nodding her head, "Can you at least wait until I clean my body? Of course, you can join me if you want."

"I wouldn’t refuse such an offer even if it’s the last thing I do," Su Yang said, and he removed his clothes before entering the Blossom Spring with Su Liqing.