Chapter 724 Impregnating Su Liqing

After entering the spring, Su Yang sat beside Su Liqing and placed his arm around her shoulders before pulling her towards his body.

"Su Yang, you know... I never thought I would be having a child with you so soon," Su Liqing suddenly said.

"I knew it was going to happen one day, but I never really thought about it until I saw your daughter with Wu Jingjing and Zhu Mengyi. It was as though something within me had awakened."

"Trust me, I know that feeling very well. If you went to the past and told me that I would be willingly impregnating my partners, I would simply laugh at you," Su Yang said with a smile on his face.

"Once we return to the Divine Heavens, I can already imagine what might happen once the others see our child."

"The more the merrier, right?" Su Liqing laughed gracefully.

After a moment of silence, Su Liqing spoke again, "Su Yang, what are you going to do once we go to the Divine Heavens?"

Su Yang closed his eyes for a moment before speaking, "I am... going to take care of a few businesses and fulfill a few promises that had been delayed for 2,000 years due to my reincarnation, and once everything is taken care of, I am going to settle down somewhere with all of you and live the rest of our life in peace."

"I am going to create a utopia— a paradise for all of us and our children."

"A paradise, huh? I am looking forward to it," Su Liqing said with a gentle smile on her face as she imagined such a lifestyle with Su Yang and their child.

After spending many minutes submerged in the refreshing water, Su Liqing turned to look at Su Yang and spoke with a longing gaze, "Su Yang... I am ready... Can you ’knock me up’?"

Su Yang smiled at her words and nodded, "As you wish."

Su Liqing then closed her eyes and lifted her head slightly, gesturing her desires.

Seeing this, Su Yang kissed her on the lips, and their lips remained on each other for many minutes.

"Haaa... haaa..."

Su Liqing was already breathing heavily before they even began the real thing.

A few moments later, she stood up, turned around, and bent forward towards the edge of the spring, shoving her flawless buttocks in the air and towards Su Yang.

"Go ahead, Su Yang..." she said to him with a red face.

Su Yang nodded, and he approached her with his little brother already filled with energy and rock hard.

The next moment, Su Yang inserted his dragon into Su Liqing’s already slippery cave, entering her body with ease.

"Aaah~"

Su Liqing moaned softly as her hole stretched into a wide circle.

Once the entire rod was inside Su Liqing’s body, Su Yang began moving his hips, pounding her tight cave with his stiff rod and her buttocks at the same time with his body. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The water in the spring splashed loudly, but they were easily masked by the sound of Su Liqing’s intense moaning.

After pounding Su Liqing for a few minutes, Su Yang suddenly bent his body over Su Liqing’s back and grabbed her breasts from behind.

"Ahhh~!"

Su Liqing’s moaning increased as Su Yang massaged her breasts and nipples while pounding her hole simultaneously.

Many minutes later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi into her hole, filling every nook and cranny inside.

"Yes~ Impregnate me, Su Yang!" Su Liqing moaned with passion, feeling incredibly full from the ejaculation.

However, Su Yang didn’t stop there and refused to remove his meatstick from her cave afterward. A few moments later, he began moving his hips again, pounding Su Liqing’s body again.

The two of them continued to cultivate for many hours in different positions with Su Yang releasing his Yang Qi into Su Liqing’s body multiple times throughout their time together, overfilling her hole every time.

By the time they finished cultivating, it was already dark outside with the starry night looming over the world.

"After being filled by your Yang Qi so many times, I will definitely get pregnant, right?" Su Liqing asked him as they gazed at the stars together from the spring.

Su Yang nodded and said, "That’s right. Unless you are naturally incapable of conceiving like my first wife, then you’ll definitely become a mother. However, even if you are incapable of conceiving, unlike previously, we are not hopeless, as I have multiple ways of fixing such problems."

After resting in the Blossom Spring for an hour, Su Yang carried Su Liqing back to the Profound Blossom Sect as though she was a princess.

Once they returned to the Medicine Hall, Su Liqing asked him, "Su Yang, do you think you can stay here tonight?"

"Of course," Su Yang nodded.

And thus, Su Yang spent the rest of the night with Su Liqing in her room, even cultivating with her a few more times after Su Liqing was unable to sleep due to the excitement of becoming a mother.

The following day, Su Yang left the Medicine Hall whilst Su Liqing slept from exhaustion after cultivating for the entire night without much rest.

"Eh? You stayed here the entire night?" The disciples in the Medicine Hall were dumbfounded to see Su Yang leaving their Master’s room so early in the morning, as none of them witnessed Su Yang and Su Liqing returning yesterday.

"Yes. And your Master might need to rest for today, so don’t bother her unless necessary," Su Yang said to them.

"We understand, Su Yang!" The disciples nodded.

After leaving the Medicine Hall, Su Yang returned to the Yin Yang Pavilion.

As he approached the building, he noticed a beautiful figure sitting at the entrance with a seemingly exhausted expression on her face.

"Liangyu? Are you okay? What are you doing sitting there alone and looking all tired?" Su Yang approached her with a smile on his face.

"Su Yang..." Qin Liangyu looked at Su Yang with a bittersweet smile on her face, "I am okay. I am just a little tired as Xiao Rong’s adviser."