Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 726: Watching Intensely

"Are you ready?" Su Yang asked Qin Liangyu who was still laying on the bed with the blankets covering her body.

"Yes… I am." Qin Liangyu nodded her head before removing the cover, allowing Xiao Rong to see her naked body.

"She won't get a good view like this so let's switch positions."ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Su Yang then took a seat on the bed with his legs spread and his dragon raging towards the ceiling.

When Xiao Rong saw this and recalled the white liquid she briefly tasted last time, she began licking her lips like a cat before food.

"You have to sit still, Xiao Rong, or you can't stay in here and watch," Su Yang said to her.

"Yes, Master." Xiao Rong nodded.

Su Yang then looked at Qin Liangyu and said to her, "Come, stand in front of me with your back facing me."

Qin Liangyu nodded before getting off the bed and standing in front of Su Yang.

Once Qin Liangyu's round buttocks were directly in front of his face, Su Yang grabbed her by the hips and pulled her body towards his body until she was sitting on his lap.

"Sit on me and spread your legs," Su Yang said.

A moment later, Qin Liangyu sat on his lap with her legs spread wide open, revealing everything to Xiao Rong.

"Now she can see everything," Su Yang chuckled as he lifted Qin Liangyu's body slightly and inserted his rod into her cave.

"Aaah~!" Qin Liangyu moaned softly after feeling his rod knock on the deepest part of her cave.

A few moments later, Su Yang grabbed Qin Liangyu's soft breasts from behind and began massaging them.

"Mmm~"

Qin Liangyu's spread cave quickly began drooling with Yin Qi.

Su Yang then used his spiritual energy to move Qin Liangyu's body, lifting her body until only his tip remained in her tight cave before pulling her body back down, inserting his meatstick deep into her cave again.

"Aaaaaaah~!"

Qin Liangyu moaned loudly as an indescribable feeling of pleasure coursed through her body like a thousand electric snakes.

"Aaah~!"

"Aaaaaahn~"

"Oooh~!"

Qin Liangyu continued to fill the room with her passionate voice as Su Yang pounded her body upwards nonstop.

Meanwhile, Xiao Rong glared intensely at Qin Liangyu's spread slit and Su Yang's meatstick that was constantly going in and out of Qin Liangyu's pink cave.

Although she didn't understand what they were doing or why they were doing it, Xiao Rong could sense the pleasure in Qin Liangyu's moaning voice and see pure satisfaction on her lustful face.

Xiao Rong suddenly moved her hands to touch her heart, which was beating a little faster than normal, but she couldn't understand why.

After watching for a little bit longer, Xiao Rong noticed that her mouth was salivating more than usual, and her body temperature was slowly heating up.

These phenomenons puzzled Xiao Rong, who didn't understand the concept of lust or desire, only that she had felt this sensation before— when Su Yang licked her body that one time.

"Master…" Xiao Rong mumbled in a low voice, and her hands gradually moved closer to the area between her legs.

"Hm?" As Su Yang cultivated with Qin Liangyu, he noticed Xiao Rong's strange movements, and he decided to watch her while he continued to pleasure Qin Liangyu.

"Haaa… haaa…"

Xiao Rong breathed heavily as she recalled the sensation that tickled her body when Su Yang licked her, and her hands reached the area between her legs. However, since she did not know how to pleasure herself, she began touching herself randomly until she found the right spot— the slightly wet slit between her legs.

The moment her fingers touched the warm and slippery area inside her slit, Xiao Rong felt a tingling sensation course through her body.

After experiencing this pleasant sensation, Xiao Rong continued to rub her own slit and indulged herself in pleasure, even ignoring Su Yang and Qin Liangyu's cultivation after a while.

"Aaahh…"

A soft moan escaped Xiao Rong's small mouth.

"Su Yang…" Qin Liangyu finally noticed what Xiao Rong was doing after hearing this soft moan that didn't come from herself.

"Yes, she's learning." Su Yang chuckled, and he continued, "Let's not bother her and focus on ourselves."

"Okay," Qin Liangyu nodded.

"By the way, have you decided yet? Although there's still a year before I leave, have you decided to truly follow me?" Su Yang suddenly asked her as he pounded her tight and slippery hole.

"Yes—Ahhh~! I have—Ahhh! I have decided that... I want to be with you forever, Su Yang… Aaaaah~!"

"Good! Then accept my Family Seal and officially become my woman, Qin Liangyu!" Su Yang released his Yang Qi inside Qin Liangyu's hole, filling it to the brim.

"Family Seal…?" Qin Liangyu stared at the symbol that had suddenly appeared slightly below her belly button.

"Yes. Family Seals are…"

Su Yang proceeded to explain to her the meaning being the Family Seal and the rules of the Su Family.

"Do you accept?" Su Yang asked her afterward.

"I accept." Qin Liangyu nodded with a beautiful smile on her face.

"Good, then here's my blood to make it official."

Su Yang smeared a drop of his blood on the Family Seal, activating it.

"Welcome to the family, Liangyu," Su Yang said to her.

"Thank you for accepting someone like me, Su Yang…" Qin Liangyu laid on his body to rest.

Meanwhile, Xiao Rong continued to pleasure herself on the chair with her legs spread wide open and her arms working hard.

Seeing this, Su Yang shook his head with a smile.

"You can rest. I am going to take care of her," he said as he laid Qin Liangyu on the bed.

"What are you going to do to her?" she asked him.

"At this rate, she'll continue pleasing herself until she's satisfied, which might take a while, so I am going to do it for her." Su Yang said as he went to pick up his clothes.