Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 729 Recalling an Inciden

After spending a few hours talking about his own background and past, Su Yang said, "You want to meet with Xiao Rong, right? She should have recovered by now, so I’ll call her over."

Hearing his words, the three ladies immediately nodded their heads, and they waited patiently for Xiao Rong to appear before them.

"Xiao Rong, come over here to my room, and bring Liangyu with you." Su Yang spoke to Xiao Rong in his head.

Sometime later, Qin Liangyu knocked on the door to his room and spoke from the outside, "Su Yang? Did you call me here?"

"Yes. Come inside. I want to introduce you." Su Yang said to her.

Qin Liangyu opened the door the next moment, and she walked inside with a young girl who resembled Qiuyue standing behind her.

"Eh? That looks like..."

The three ladies were shocked after seeing Xiao Rong’s appearance that resembled Qiuyue— silver eyes and silver hair.

"Liangyu, these three ladies are from the Holy Central Continent, and they are also part of the family." Su Yang said, and they began introducing themselves the next moment.

"Hello! I am Zhu Mengyi, and this is Zhu Jiayi."

"I am Wu Jingjing, and this is Wu Min."

"My name is Lian Li."

Qin Liangyu gave them a courteous bow before speaking, "Hello, Seniors, I am called Qin Liangyu, and I came from the Southern Continent."

"By the way..." Qin Liangyu then turned to look at the babies and spoke in a perplexed voice, "Are the babies..."

"Yes, they’re mine." Su Yang responded with a smile.

"Oh..." Qin Liangyu mumbled in a dazed voice.

"Does everyone in the Southern Continent have that complexion? It’s very unique and pretty," Wu Jingjing asked Qin Liangyu a moment later.

"No, not everyone, but a vast majority of the people do." Qin Liangyu said.

"I see..." Wu Jingjing nodded.

Sometime later, Su Yang said, "Xiao Rong, can you introduce yourself?" Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Introduce myself..." Xiao Rong looked at Qin Liangyu who had a smile on her face.

"Just like how I taught you, Xiao Rong."

Xiao Rong nodded and stepped forward. She then bowed to them just like Qin Liangyu had and said, "Hello, I am Xiao Rong."

"Oh, I’m impressed." Su Yang smiled with an approving look on his face after seeing Xiao Rong’s courteous bow.

And then he said, "Can you transform into your beast form for a moment? They would like to see it."

Xiao Rong nodded, and she returned to her Phantom Cat form a few seconds later.

"Wow! That’s a Phantom Cat? What a phenomenal existence!" Zhu Mengyi’s eyes flickered with excitement after seeing Xiao Rong’s ghostly appearance.

"Waaa! Waaah!"

While everyone there admired Xiao Rong’s otherworldly appearance, Wu Min and Zhu Jiayi suddenly began making noises with their arms extended and their tiny hands in a grasping motion, almost like they wanted to hold Xiao Rong.

"Oh? I think the babies want to play with you. Is that okay?" Wu Jingjing asked Xiao Rong.

However, Xiao Rong did not understand the concept of playing with babies and turned to look at Su Yang with a puzzled look on her face.

Su Yang then said with a smile, "Just let them touch you."

Xiao Rong nodded and flew in front of the babies.

Once Xiao Rong was within their reach, the babies immediately began touching Xiao Rong all over her body, especially her tail that resembled flickering flames.

"Waaa! Waaah!"

Wu Min and Zhu Jiayi appeared to be extremely happy with Xiao Rong.

Seeing this, Wu Jingjing chuckled, "Looks like they really like Xiao Rong."

"They say children are naturally attracted to animals, especially the smaller ones," said Zhu Mengyi with a smile on her face.

Meanwhile, Xiao Rong silently stared at the two small creatures that were only slightly larger than herself, seemingly puzzled by the familiar smell coming from them.

Of course, Xiao Rong did not understand the concepts of babies just yet, so she didn’t know why she could smell Su Yang’s scent from them.

Lian Li, on the other hand, held a pondering expression on her face.

"Is there something wrong, Lian Li?" Wu Jingjing asked her after noticing her expression.

Lian Li shook her head and said, "No... Seeing Xiao Rong’s appearance made me recall something that happened in the Holy Central Continent last year."

"Eh?" They looked at her with raised eyebrows.

"Do you remember the incident when the Golden Lion Academy was nearly destroyed last year? The description of the culprit closely resembles Xiao Rong’s appearance. A little girl with silver hair and silver eyes."

"I remember. It was such a massive event that shook the entire continent for many months," Zhu Mengyi said.

"Is the Patriarch of the Golden Lion Academy still missing? I haven’t heard any news of him for almost a year now," Wu Jingjing asked.

"My family has been investigating Patriarch Gold’s disappearance for a while, but we’re still unable to find his location, so it’s still a mystery. However, we believe he crossed the Jade Sea to travel somewhere— perhaps to another Continent."

After listening to the ladies’ conversation, Su Yang spoke with a smile on his face, "If you’re looking for the Sect Master of the Golden Lion Academy, you don’t need to anymore since I know where he is."

"Eh? Really? You know where Patriarch Gold is? Where?" Lian Li asked him with a surprised face.

Su Yang then lifted his arm before pointing his finger towards the ground.

However, the ladies could not comprehend his gesture, so Su Yang continued, "He’s currently in the Jade Sea— the seafloor to be exact."

"What?! Does this mean he’s dead?! How did that happen?!" Lian Li exclaimed in a shocked voice.

"No, he’s not dead, but he might as well be. As for how he got there—" Su Yang pointed at himself with a smile on his face. "I placed him there."

"..."

Lian Li looked at him with a gawking expression. What on earth happened between him and Patriarch Gold?