Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 730 Solving PatriarChapter Gold“s Disappearance

Seeing Lian Li’s dumbfounded face, Su Yang explained, "It’s a long story, but what happened was— that man traveled to the Eastern Continent from the Holy Central Continent just so he could covet my woman— Xie Xingfang. He even brought along with him a few Heavenly Spirit Realm and Earth Spirit Realm Cultivators so they can have some fun in the Eastern Continent, so I erased them all besides their leader, whom I pinned to the seafloor in the Jade Sea for all eternity until he dies naturally."

"What?! To think Patriarch Gold had such intentions! The audacity!" Zhu Mengyi exclaimed in an angry voice, and she continued, "He deserved everything that happened to him!"

"I never liked Patriarch Gold as well, as he would always stare at me with a lustful gaze whenever we meet. Fortunately for me, my father is the Sect Master of the Holy Sword Academy, so I didn’t have to deal with any sexual harassment from that guy," Wu Jingjing sighed.

"Hmm.. Although the mystery behind Patriarch Gold’s disappearance is now solved, neither my family nor the Holy Central Continent knows about it, and they will continue to investigate the situation until they have an answer, but alas, there’s no way for us to contact them unless we return to the Holy Central Continent." Lian Li sighed.

"If you want, I can send them the message when I pick up the ingredients they are preparing for me in a few weeks. Though, the one who’ll be going there will be Xiao Rong, who can reach the Holy Central Continent in less than a minute," Su Yang said.

"She can reach the Holy Central Continent in less than a minute? I cannot even begin to imagine the speed required to achieve such a feat..." Lian Li mumbled in a dazed voice.

"They’re known as the fastest existence in the universe for a good reason," Tang Lingxi chuckled.

"What’s going to happen to the Golden Lion Academy now that their Sect Master is pretty much dead?" Zhu Mingyi asked a moment later, "Are they going to disband, or will they appoint another Sect Master?"

"Normally, they would just find another Sect Master, but with the Sect still in ruins, and once news of what the Patriarch Gold did spreads, I don’t think anyone would be willing to fill Patriarch Gold’s shoes, not to mention my family will probably disband them even if someone is willing to become the next Sect Master," Lian Li said.

Sometime later, Su Yang said to them, "I am going to leave for a few days to visit my alchemy disciples."

"Oh? You have disciples learning alchemy under you? How lucky they must be," Zhu Mengyi said.

Sometime later, Su Yang left the Yin Yang Pavilion and traveled to the Divine Nature Garden. However, unlike previously, he did not disguise himself before leaving, and he went there as his real identity— as Su Yang.

"Halt! State your identity!"

The same guards that caused a commotion during his previous visit were present at the entrance, and they shouted at him to stop exactly like before.

"Name’s Su Yang, and I am here to see your Sect Master and Luo Yixiao," Su Yang said to them.

"Su Yang...? From the Profound Blossom Sect?" The guards exchanged glances with each other. What business does the Sect Master of the Profound Blossom Sect have with their Divine Nature Garden, much less their Sect Master and his disciple? In fact, this is their first time interacting with each other.

However, since they were in the presence of the number one genius in the continent and also the Sect Master of the Profound Blossom Sect that has formed an Alliance with the Xie Family, they simply could not send him away regardless of his reason for approaching them.

Furthermore, after what happened last time, they didn’t dare to make another mistake.

"Please give us a moment while we notify our Sect Master of your arrival! In the meantime, please wait in the guest area." One of the guards said before running off.

Afterward, Su Yang followed another guard into the sect and to a building meant for guests.

Meanwhile, inside the Sect Master’s building, Senior Zeng was busy heating up a cauldron.

However, there was nothing inside the cauldron, and his alchemy flames remained at their peak temperature. If someone who didn’t know what he was doing were to see this scene, they would think he’d gone crazy.

*Knock* *Knock*

"Sect Master! You have a visitor!" The guard from the entrance suddenly knocked on his door while calling for him.

"A visitor? It’s probably Senior Xiao since the 1-month time limit he gave us is about to expire." Senior Zeng thought to himself.

However, to his surprise, the guard mentioned someone he did not expect at all, "It’s Su Yang from the Profound Blossom Sect!" Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"What? Su Yang? The number one genius who reached the Heavenly Spirit Realm at 17 years old? What’s that cultivation prodigy doing here?" Senior Zeng cannot imagine why someone from the Profound Blossom Sect would come to their Divine Nature Garden.

"Maybe he’s here to do business with us?"

Since the Divine Nature Garden is the number one pill supplier for sects besides the Burning Lotus Sect, it was very likely that was Su Yang’s intention today.

"Wait a second... They also have an Alliance with the Burning Lotus Sect, so there’s no reason for them to do business with us..."

A moment later, the guard continued, "He also wants to meet with Senior apprentice-sister Luo Yixiao."

"What? My disciple? Damn! So that must be the reason why he came here! He has his sight on my disciple! After all, he’s also a Dual Cultivator! And there’s only one reason why a Dual Cultivator wants to meet with someone as pretty as Luo Yixiao!" Senior Zeng quickly misunderstood the situation.

But alas, even if that was the case, Senior Zeng could not simply send Su Yang away due to his relationship with the Xie Family, as that might cause problems with the Xie Family!