Chapter 732 Are You Really Senior Xiao?

"What is this about?" Luo Yixiao suddenly spoke, and she looked at Senior Zeng before speaking, "I know you told me to stay in my room, but I was called here by Master."

"Eh? Your Master? But that would be Senior Xiao..." Senior Zeng realized that something was amiss there, and he turned to look at Su Yang with his eyes wide from shock and disbelief.

"I-Impossible... Y-You can’t possibly be..."

Luo Yixiao quickly interrupted, "Are you Senior Xiao?"

She looked at Su Yang with a surprised expression on her face, as she didn’t expect him to be so young.

"How can you tell?" Su Yang asked her with a smile on his face.

After a moment of silence. Luo Yixiao spoke, "Your demeanor... And your aura just feels so similar... Furthermore, it’s been one month since our last lecture, so the time is also right."

"Y-You’re really Senior Xiao? B-But you’re..." Senior Zeng looked at him with his eyes still filled with disbelief.

"But I am Su Yang? But I am a Dual Cultivator so I shouldn’t know any Alchemy? But I am too young?" Su Yang spoke with a smile on his face.

"Y-Yes! That’s right!" Senior Zeng nodded with a dazed look on his old face.

"As punishment for not recognizing me and even lying straight to my face, I won’t tell you so that you can think about it for yourself." Su Yang said to him before turning to look at Luo Yixiao.

"Indeed, I am the mysterious Alchemy Master Senior Xiao, and this is my real identity— Su Yang, Sect Master of the Profound Blossom Sect and a Dual Cultivator."

"As for why I suddenly decided to reveal my real identity, it’s simply because I no longer have any more reasons to hide."

"Anyway, I am here today to check on your progress. Are you ready? Of course, if you do not want to accept me as your Master because of my identity, that’s fine too."

Luo Yixiao shook her head and said, "It doesn’t matter who you are because that wasn’t the reason I accepted you as my Master. I accepted you as my Master because of your Alchemy skills, and as long as that’s real, I have no reason to not call you Master."

Su Yang nodded and looked at Senior Zeng next before speaking, "What about you? Are you still willing to call me Master?"

Senior Zeng swallowed nervously before lowering his head.

"I am in the same shoes as Luo Yixiao. I bow to your Alchemy skills, not your identity, Master!" He said a moment later.

Su Yang nodded and said, "Good. Now show me your results after one month of training. If you cannot achieve the results I wanted, I will still disown you so don’t think I will go easy on you just because you know my real identity."

"Yes, Master!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Su Yang then followed Senior Zeng and Luo Yixiao to a pill room where they will be conducting their monthly evaluation.

"I will go first."

Senior Zeng stood in front of the cauldron and took a deep breath before releasing his alchemy flames.

Whoosh!

A massive ball of alchemy flames appeared beneath the pill cauldron, quickly heating it up and turning it red.

Within just a few minutes, the pill cauldron reached the temperature Su Yang wanted.

"Now keep it at the same temperature for an hour," Su Yang said.

Senior Zeng nodded slightly before focusing on controlling his alchemy flames.

Thirty minutes later, Senior Zeng’s body was covered in sweat with his robes completely soaked. However, his breathing was still relatively calm and controlled.

50 minutes into the evaluation, Senior Zeng began panting heavily.

5 minutes later, his panting grew even heavier with his vision blurry, feeling on the verge of collapsing from exhaustion.

"You can do it, Master!" Luo Yixiao cheered for him.

And to Senior Zeng’s surprise, after hearing Luo Yixiao’s voice, he regained some energy, which allowed him to endure the last five minutes.

"Congratulations, you have passed. Luo Yixiao, it’s your turn now." Su Yang looked at her.

She immediately nodded and stepped forward.

Once the pill cauldron cooled down, Luo Yixiao released her alchemy flames and began her evaluation.

And unlike Senior Zeng, she’d managed to endure 30 minutes without breaking a single sweat, only beginning to sweat after another 10 minutes.

50 minutes into the evaluation, Luo Yixiao’s robes were soaked in sweat and sticking to her body, outlining her slim but balanced figure almost perfectly.

After another 10 minutes, Luo Yixiao passed the evaluation with only heavy panting, achieving much better results than Senior Zeng.

"Looks like it won’t be long before you surpass your first Master," Su Yang said with a smile on his face.

"Anyway, now that you have passed my test and managed to avoid being disowned, it does not mean you can begin slacking, as I want you to do this every day until you can do it for an entire day without breaking a sweat."

"An entire day without breaking a sweat?! Is that even possible?" Senior Zeng exclaimed in a baffled voice.

"It is if you practice until you fall unconscious every day," Su Yang said. "Trust me, I speak from experience."

And then he continued, "Anyway, go clean up so we can pick up Cai Yan before we head to the Burning Lotus Sect. I am going to teach you a few alchemy flame controlling techniques today."

"Right away!"

Senior Zeng and Luo Yixiao quickly left the scene to clean the sweat from their body and change their clothes.

Ten minutes later, they returned to Su Yang’s side with a refreshed appearance, and then they left the Divine Nature Garden on Su Yang’s flying boat shortly later, quickly approaching the Cai Family.

A few minutes later, they arrived at the Cai Family.

However, when the guards saw Su Yang with Luo Yixiao and Senior Zeng, they were immediately puzzled, as they had expected the Alchemy Master Senior Xiao to be with them, not some handsome young man.

--

Check the comments for the discord! Get NSFW character illustrations!