Chapter 735 God-like Alchemy Flames Control

"What?! That was Su Yang?! Profound Blossom Sect’s Master and the number one genius in the Eastern Continent?!" Madam Xiang exclaimed in a shocked voice, and she could feel her back soaked in cold sweats a moment later. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Why didn’t you tell me?! Why did you wait until the last second when it’s too late?!" Madam Xiang approached Xiang Zhongfa with heavy steps before slapping him in the face. "Do you want to watch our Xiang Family go down?!"

Sometime later, Madam Xiang stormed out of the building angrily. "We’re leaving!"

Meanwhile, at the Burning Lotus Sect, Wang Shuren stared at Su Yang with a dazed expression on her face. What happened to them? Why was Su Yang not disguised like usual? Did he reveal his real identity to them already? Should she greet him as Su Yang or Senior Xiao? Many questions appeared in Wang Shuren’s mind when she saw them.

"Just call me Su Yang. They already know that Senior Xiao is my alias," Su Yang said to her after seeing her speechless face.

"Okay..." Wang Shuren nodded.

Sometime later, once they were inside and seated, Su Yang said to them, "Allow me to introduce myself again. My name is Su Yang, and I am the Sect Master of the Profound Blossom Sect. If you have any questions, ask me now."

Senior Zeng immediately raised his hands and asked, "Are you really 18 years old? And where on earth did you learn Alchemy? Who taught you?"

"Not holding back with the questions, huh?" Su Yang smiled, and he continued, "Well, I don’t really care. For your first question regarding my age, I am and I am not really 18 years old at the same time. As for where I learned Alchemy, somewhere far away. The person who taught me Alchemy is my friend."

"..."

Senior Zeng was speechless. What kind of vague answers are those?

Luo Yixiao then asked, "Are we allowed to speak about your real identity? Now that the Xiang Family knows of your real background, I doubt they’ll keep it a secret."

Su Yang nodded and said, "Before I even revealed my real identity as Su Yang to you guys I have already prepared to have my identity revealed to the entire world. It’s not that much of a secret anyway, as I would have let the world know sooner or later."

A few moments later, Su Yang asked, "Any more questions? If not, we’ll start with the lecture."

"Bai Lihua won’t be joining us again?" Wang Shuren asked after noticing her absence.

"Yes, I am teaching her separately, and I’ll go to her after this."

Wang Shuren nodded.

"Anyway, I will be teaching you a few flame controlling techniques. Now that the strength of your alchemy flames have increased exponentially and your control has improved as much, you can begin to learn these techniques, which will help you even more."

Su Yang raised his palms and continued, "Watch this."

A few seconds later, he released his alchemy flames.

The alchemy flames, however, did not act as normal fire would, and they danced around in a rhythmic manner.

"What on earth...?" Senior Zeng watched with wide eyes.

"This is not all I can do."

Su Yang then controlled the alchemy flames to form the shape of a dragon before letting it fly around him as though it was a real dragon.

"Heavens! This is beyond flame control!" Senior Zeng exclaimed in a shocked voice.

After the dragon made of alchemy flames flew a few circles, it landed back on Su Yang’s palms before it changed forms again, becoming two human-like figures that danced with each other on Su Yang’s palms.

"..."

Even Wang Shuren was shocked speechless by Su Yang’s god-like flame control that was more like flame art!

However, Su Yang was not done, as he released even more alchemy flames later before transforming it into a life-sized human figure that resembled himself.

The alchemy flame Su Yang then walked to Cai Yan before extending its hands towards her like a gentleman asking for a dance.

Cai Yan swallowed nervously before grabbing the alchemy flame’s hands.

"What a warm feeling..." Cai Yan mumbled in a dazed voice when she felt the warm feeling in her hands. Although the texture of the alchemy flames did not feel like she was actually touching another human, the temperature definitely felt very realistic.

Sometime later, the alchemy flames disappeared.

"Due to my insufficient cultivation base, this is all I can manage for now. However, if you completely master this flame controlling technique, you can even create an entire world out of nothing but alchemy flames— that is the level my friend who taught me Alchemy has reached," Su Yang said to them.

"Creating an entire world out of nothing but alchemy flames...? Is that even possible? I cannot imagine it." Senior Zeng shook his head.

Hearing Senior Zeng’s words, Su Yang released his alchemy flames again, and he proceeded to shape the alchemy flames into a perfectly round sphere. A few moments later, trees and buildings began appearing on the alchemy flames, shocking Senior Zeng.

"As I said, if you master this technique, you can create an entire world on your very own palms. However, the chances of you achieving that level are slim to none. Though, you only need to comprehend this technique a little bit to rule the Eastern Continent with alchemy." Su Yang said as he closed his palms, causing the fiery world to explode and disappear into thin air.

"A world... with my own alchemy flames..." Wang Shuren mumbled in a dazed voice with a blank look on her face.

Su Yang turned to look at Cai Yan a moment later and said, "You won’t be able to learn this technique yet until you can control your unique alchemy flames to a certain extent. However, that is not to say I have nothing for you."

He then retrieved a scroll and tossed it at her. "That is a flame controlling technique specially made for those with unique alchemy flames. You can go ahead and start studying it now while I teach the others first. I will be with you soon."

Cai Yan nodded, and she began reading the scroll.