Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Chapter 738 Abandoning Everything

"You have really changed a lot since our first meeting, Shuren," Su Yang said with a smile on his face. "If you went back in time, I am willing to bet that even your past self won’t recognize you."

"This is all because of you, Su Yang. You were the one who changed me. You offered your hands, dragged me out of the well, and opened up my eyes, even giving me an opportunity to rise to the peak in this world as an alchemist, which has been my dream for the longest."

"I am sure you already know this, but once you go to the Divine Heavens, it might be impossible to return to this world. Are you truly willing to abandon all of your achievements in this world and start from fresh?"

Wang Shuren nodded with a resolute expression on her face, and she said, "As long as I follow you, Su Yang, it doesn’t matter if I have to start from the beginning, because I have faith that you will once again help me reach the peak."

"To be completely honest, I don’t know if I’ll be able to help you reach a similar status in the Divine Heavens, as the competition there is extremely fierce and nothing like this small place where Alchemists barely know anything about alchemy. However, I know someone who might be able to help you achieve that."

"You mean...?" Wang Shuren looked at him with flickering eyes.

"Yes, I am talking about the Alchemy God. However, I cannot guarantee you anything, as she rarely accepts any disciples, especially if they are not talented or cannot pique her interest. I will speak with her and try to convince her to accept you, but there will be no guarantees."

"If the Alchemy God doesn’t accept you as her disciple, there’s nothing I can do except continue teaching you about alchemy like currently. Furthermore, you will have to endure much worse training than now, and you might even die from exhaustion. Are you still willing to follow me to the Divine Heavens even after knowing that?"

Wang Shuren nodded her head without hesitation.

"Of course, I would like to improve my alchemy skills as much as possible, but that is not the only reason why I want to follow you to the Divine Heavens, Su Yang. You’re the other reason why I am willing to abandon everything. After spending so much time with you, and as my only partner in this life, I don’t think I’ll be able to live a normal life without you."

And she continued, "If the Alchemy God doesn’t accept me as her disciple, I would like to continue being your disciple for the rest of my life."

However, to Wang Shuren’s surprise, Su Yang shook his head and said, "That won’t do."

"Huh? Why? I am well aware that I am not worthy to be anything more than just your disciple, but..." Wang Shuren quickly panicked.

Su Yang quickly interrupted, "That’s not what I mean, you silly. Allow me to finish."

Hearing his words, Wang Shuren nodded with a dazed look on her face.

"What I mean is— I cannot let you remain as my disciple forever, as that would mean I have failed as your Master. Every disciple out there will have to eventually graduate as a disciple and become a Master themselves, and if they remain as a disciple forever, then it’s the Master’s fault for not training the disciple properly. Therefore, I do not plan on having you as my disciple forever." Su Yang explained to her the meaning behind his words.

"Oh... that makes sense..." Wang Shuren released a sigh of relief after realizing that Su Yang didn’t reject her.

"I have a suggestion," Su Yang suddenly said.

"What is it?" Wang Shuren looked at him with a slightly nervous gaze.

"How about you join my family? That way, you can be by my side forever even when you graduate as my disciple," Su Yang said a moment later with a smile on his face.

"J-Join your family...? Does this mean..." Wang Shuren stared at him with a dazed look on her beautiful face.

"It means you’ll officially be my woman, Shuren. I mean, our relationship currently is not much different, anyway, so why not make it official?" Su Yang said with a smile on his face.

"I-I am going to be your woman? I mean... you’re willing to accept someone like me? I do not belong to any powerful family, nor do I have any real talents, and I used to be some lowly sect elder from an average sect. Meanwhile, you’re..."

Su Yang shook his head and said, "I have said this many times already, but I will say this as many times as I need to— I don’t care for one’s background or status. As long as we’re compatible and I want you by my side, I will accept them. In fact, despite having countless partners before, most of them were short relationships that lasted a day or two at most. If I can spend over an entire year with you and still enjoy your company, I can do it for an eternity."

"And who would refuse someone with your amazing body?" Su Yang chuckled as he looked at Wang Shuren’s mature yet perfectly proportioned body.

Sometime later, Su Yang explained the family rules to Wang Shuren.

"Well? Are you willing to join the family and spend the rest of your life with me in the Divine Heavens?" Su Yang asked her afterward.

"I am willing!" Wang Shuren nodded.

"Good. Then let’s give you that Family Seal now." Su Yang began approaching her sexy and naked body.

"W-Wait! We’re going to do it now? But I still haven’t recovered..." Wang Shuren said.

"Aren’t you going to be the Alchemy God’s disciple? If you cannot even handle this, you’ll definitely die from her training later!" Su Yang said.

"Oh... right..." Wang Shuren took a deep breath and resolved herself.

"Give me everything you’ve got, Su Yang! Even if you break my body, I won’t tell you to stop!" she said afterward.

Su Yang nodded, and he proceeded to torture Wang Shuren’s body some more with intense pleasure.