Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 739 As a Reward, How About a Kiss?

Su Yang cultivated with Wang Shuren for many hours until Wang Shuren could no longer physically move even a single finger due to exhaustion.

"I know you’re probably already regretting this, but you’ll have to endure much strenuous training later, and I am going to repeat every time we cultivate this until you have become the Alchemy God’s disciple," Su Yang said as he smeared some of his blood onto the Family Seal on Wang Shuren’s body.

Wang Shuren’s body trembled with delight after feeling his fingers caress the skin below her belly button, and her little sister released another flow of Yin Qi as the Family Seal emitted a warm heat, indicating that it had been activated.

"The Family Seal has been activated. Welcome to the Su Family, Shuren." Su Yang said to her.

"Mm..." Wang Shuren released a low-sounding noise in response, as she was too exhausted to even open her mouth to speak, much less nod her head.

"Get some rest because I’ll be preparing your body and mind two times a week instead of one now until I feel that you are ready to become the Alchemy God’s disciple."

"Nnn..."

"Then I’ll leave now to lecture Bai Lihua. I’ll see you later," Su Yang got dressed before leaving her house and flying towards the Heavenly Swan Sect.

Sometime later, Su Yang arrived at the Heavenly Swan Sect and descended directly in front of Bai Lihua’s living quarters.

A few moments later he knocked on the door, Bai Lihua appeared in front of him with a weird expression on her face.

"What? Is there something on my face?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows in a puzzled manner.

"You... come inside." Bai Lihua opened the door to let him inside.

Once Su Yang was inside, Bai Lihua looked at him and said, "Did you reveal your identity as Senior Xiao or was it leaked? Because the entire world is talking about it! They know that you’re Senior Xiao!"

Hearing Bai Lihua’s worried tone, Su Yang smiled and said, "You’re worried about me?"

"W-What? N-No... I am just..." Bai Lihua immediately blushed after hearing his words.

"Don’t worry, I was the one who revealed my identity, and it was in front of the Cai Family and the Xiang Family, so I had already expected my identity to spread," Su Yang said afterward.

"The Xiang Family? One of the Four Great Families?" Bai Lihua raised her eyebrows.

Su Yang nodded, and he said, "Anyway, even if the world knows of my identity, nothing is going to happen to me, so you can calm down and focus on your alchemy, and speaking of your alchemy, how’s your progress?"

"Well, I can concoct over 20 different Elementary-grade pills with similar results to the Minor Spirit Refreshment Pill," she said.

"20 pills in a month, huh? That’s pretty amazing even for you," Su Yang praised her with a nonchalant expression, and he continued, "At this rate, you can start concocting Profound-grade pills next month."

"Really? That’s great!" Bai Lihua expressed her excitement, almost like a child who received good grades for a test.

"What are you going to teach me today, Su Yang?" she asked him sometime later.

"I taught the other disciples a flame controlling technique for their alchemy flames, but you are still too new and inexperienced to learn it, so I am just going to continue teaching you the basics. Once you can start concocting Profound-grade pills with results similar to Elementary-grade pills, I will start teaching you that technique."

Bai Lihua nodded and said, "Then let’s get started. My pill cauldron is still hot since I was concocting a pill not long before your arrival."

Once they entered the pill room, Bai Lihua began concocting new recipes that she was not used to whilst Su Yang watched her every movement and corrected any mistakes Bai Lihua made afterward.

The two of them continued this for the next three days. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Three days later, Su Yang said, "I’ll leave you alone for now and come back next week."

Bai Lihua nodded, and then she said, "By the way, regarding that thing you asked me to do, I have told the disciples, and they seemed very eager to cultivate with you— at least that’s what I got after seeing their reaction."

Su Yang smiled and said, "That’s good to hear."

"I have a question, Su Yang," Bai Lihua said, and she continued, "If one of the disciples were to ask you to impregnate her, would you do it?"

"Now that’s a question that I didn’t expect," Su Yang chuckled.

"Well, I overheard some disciples talking about that, and I wanted to let you know ahead of time so you can prepare for it," she said.

Su Yang nodded, and then he suddenly said, "Once again, thank you for worrying about me. As a reward, how about a kiss?"

"W-What!?" Bai Lihua took a step back with a surprised look on her face after hearing his words.

"If you don’t want it, that’s fine, too," Su Yang said with a teasing smile on his face.

"I...I...I..." After stuttering many times and failing to speak, Bai Lihua decided to respond with a bashful head nod, her face flushed with redness.

A moment later, Su Yang gently touched up her chin before lifting her head and kissing her on the lips.

"Mmm..."

Bai Lihua felt an indescribable feeling overwhelm her heart as she savored Su Yang’s gentle kiss, feeling as though it would burst out of her heart at any moment.

A few seconds later, Su Yang removed his lips and said, "Then, I’ll see you again next week."

However, Bai Lihua did not respond to him and remained standing there with a blank expression on her face, looking dazed, and she stayed in that position even long after Su Yang left the scene.

Many minutes later, Bai Lihua finally moved, and she touched her lips with her fingers before mumbling in a low voice, "Does this mean he accepts my feelings for him? But if that was the case, why didn’t he do anything else to me?"

Feeling excited yet puzzled at the same time, Bai Lihua decided to concoct more pills to clear her mind, but it took her many hours before she could concentrate on alchemy again.