Chapter 744 Su Yin“s Decision

After telling Su Yin his background without revealing that it was him, Su Yang asked her, "What do you think?" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"What do I think...?" Su Yin raised her eyebrows in a puzzled manner, completely puzzled as to why Su Yang would tell her such a story in the first place.

After a moment of silence, she said, "Well... It’s definitely an interesting story, and that person sounds like a person that brother would become when he grows older... However, I don’t know what else to think of it. I’m sorry, brother..."

"There is no need for you to apologize, Su Yin," Su Yang said to her with a smile, and he continued, "Now back to talking about us..."

"Do you remember when our father sealed my memories and kicked me out of the family?"

"Of course! I would never forget that, nor will I forgive father for doing such a horrible thing to you!" Su Yin quickly nodded.

"Well, after I became a disciple of the Profound Blossom Sect, a few things happened, and I was nearly killed. However, because of that near-death experience, something awakened inside me."

Su Yang then looked at her with a serious expression and said, "I... I am completely different from the ’Su Yang’ before he got kicked out of the family, don’t you think so too, Su Yin?"

"I-If you say it like that, then yes, you have definitely changed. However, I don’t think it’s a bad thing at all! Although you were lovely before, I think the current you is even better! After all, you were not this talkative before, and I feel like I am closer to you now that we can communicate like this!"

"Is that so...? I am somewhat relieved to hear that," Su Yang said with a smile on his face.

However, his smile disappeared a moment later, replaced by a serious look, and he said, "Su Yin, I want you to listen to me very carefully and let me finish speaking before you react, okay?"

"O-Okay..." Su Yin nodded her head in a nervous manner, wondering why Su Yang was being so serious.

"The reason I am so different is simply because I am a different person. However, it’s not in the way that you might be thinking right now."

Despite seeing Su Yin’s wide eyes, Su Yang continued, "The story I told you about not long ago— about the Immortal who reincarnated. That Immortal is me, and I was reincarnated as your brother in this life."

"However, for some reason, I didn’t have memories of my past life right after birth, and it was only after my near-death experience at the Profound Blossom Sect that brought back my memories. Therefore, while I am your brother, I am also not your brother at the same time."

Su Yang turned silent afterward, allowing Su Yin to process and comprehend everything he’d just told her. However, after many minutes of silence, Su Yin remained speechless.

After ten minutes of pure silence, Su Yin finally opened her mouth to speak, "Although I am still trying to understand some things, I think I get the gist of it. I thought at first that you were going to tell me that you were not my brother all along, but it turns out that was not the case."

"And while you may no longer be the brother that I loved, you are still the brother that I have grown to love even more and that is all that matters to me."

"So you don’t mind that I am not the brother that you’ve loved since the beginning?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows, feeling a little surprised by how well Su Yin was handling the situation and truth.

"Yes, I don’t mind. After all, you’re still my brother, right?" Su Yin said.

"That’s right," Su Yang nodded.

"Then that’s all it matters!"

Su Yang chuckled and said, "It seems like I have underestimated you, Su Yin, and I rarely misjudge women. As expected of my little sister."

However, despite the smile on Su Yin’s face, Su Yang could sense a feeling of uncertainty and worry deep within Su Yin’s heart, so he stood up and said, "Follow me."

Su Yin nodded and followed Su Yang.

A few moments later, they entered one of the bedrooms.

"Brother... this is?"

"There’s still one more thing that I haven’t told you yet, Su Yin." Su Yang turned to look at her and continued, "Within two years, I am going to leave this world and return back to my own world— the Divine Heavens."

"L-Leave? What do you mean by that, brother?! Are you going to leave me all alone again?! I don’t want you to leave!" Su Yin immediately cried out loud.

"I know you don’t want me to leave, but I also cannot stay here no matter what. I have things that need to be done in the other world. Therefore I have a proposal for you. Do you want to come with me to the Divine Heavens?"

Su Yin’s eyes widened with surprise.

"You... want me to come with you? What about father?" Su Yin asked him.

"Unfortunately, he’ll have to stay in this world. Even if I asked him, he won’t agree to abandon the Su Family. I am only giving you a choice right now. If you want to follow me, then I will take you with me. If you want to stay in this world, I will also respect that choice."

"And while I cannot give you my Family Seal because it doesn’t work on those with the same bloodline, I can still treat you as a family member, and not as a sister, but as my woman. What do you think?"

"I... I want to follow you, brother! No matter where you go, I will go with you! I have learned from your disappearance and our separation that I will not be able to live without you in my life! Please! Let me follow you!"