Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 745 A Lot of Practice and Swallowing

After hearing Su Yin’s decision, Su Yang nodded and said to her, "Come over here."

Su Yin nodded, and she approached him before entering his embrace.

A few moments later, Su Yang removed her clothes, revealing her petite and flawless body to him.

"Brother..." Su Yin stared at him with a passionate gaze.

However, Su Yang shook his head and said, "Call me Su Yang from now on."

Su Yin nodded, "Okay, Su Yang..."

Although it felt very weird at first, it had this oddly satisfying tone to it, almost like she’d always wanted to say his name.

After laying Su Yin on the bed, Su Yang began eating her small, wet cave, savoring her pink meat for many minutes without stopping.

"Aaahh~!"

"Mmmn~!"

"Aaahn!"

Su Yin moaned loudly as her body trembled with delight and her heart overwhelmed with joy.

Many minutes later, Su Yang revealed his stiff dragon and inserted it into Su Yin’s thigh cave, spreading her inner walls wide apart.

A moment later, Su Yang began moving his hips, thrusting his rod in and out of her cave and knocking on the end of her cave with the tip.

"Aaaaaah~!" Su Yin’s body gushed with Yin Qi a few minutes later, and Su Yang released his Yang Qi into her body simultaneously.

After they both stopped climaxing, Su Yang continued moving again without giving Su Yin any time to rest.

Of course, Su Yin didn’t complain and accepted everything Su Yang did to her.

Many hours later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi inside Su Yin for the 100th time, whilst Su Yin climaxed uncontrollably.

Sometime later, Su Yin said, "Thank you, Su Yang, for accepting me despite our relationship..."

Su Yang smiled and said, "Don’t even mention it. And to tell you the truth, I still cannot see you as my sister since I have lived for so long without one, and I have only known you for a little over a year not including the time before I recovered my memories."

"By the way, do you want to stay here in the Heavenly Swan Sect or move to the Profound Blossom Sect with me?" Su Yang asked her sometime later.

"I will stay here for now. I still need to talk to my Master about leaving the sect in the future, after all," Su Yin said.

"Okay, then I will see you later."

"See you later, Su Yang!"

Once Su Yang left her living quarters, Su Yin curled up on the bed like a caterpillar and began giggling to herself in a silly manner.

"Hehe... brother accepted me as his woman! Hehehe..."

Meanwhile, Su Yang returned to the Profound Blossom Sect, where he continued to cultivate with the other disciples.

A few days after Su Yang spoke with Su Yin, two beautiful women with similar features appeared before him as he returned to the Yin Yang Pavilion.

"S-Su Yang!"

"Fang Zhelan? Fang Xiaoru? What are you doing at the Yin Yang Pavilion? Were you looking for me?" Su Yang asked them, and he continued, "If you needed to see me, you could’ve contacted me through the communication jade slip."

"I’m sorry, Su Yang, but we came here for another reason..." Fang Zhelan said with a weird look on her face.

"Hm?" Su Yang narrowed his eyes, and then his powerful nose picked up a certain scent lingering on their bodies.

"I see... you two went to see the babies, huh?" Su Yang said with a smile on his face. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"H-How did you know that?!" Fang Xiaoru exclaimed.

"I can smell their scent lingering on your body, so I can only assume that you had them in your arms at some point," Su Yang said.

"Heavens... Just how powerful is your nose? If only I was born with such a powerful nose," Fang Xiaoru mumbled in a dazed voice.

"You think I was born with this nose?" Su Yang chuckled.

"Huh? What do you mean by that?" Fang Xiaoru looked at him with a puzzled face.

"I wasn’t born with a strong nose. I practiced a technique that strengthened my senses, especially my nose since it’s really convenient for alchemy," Su Yang revealed the truth to them.

Sometime later, Fang Zhelan said, "By the way, congratulations, Su Yang. You have two very beautiful daughters."

"Thank you," Su Yang said with a smile.

"Anyway, since you ladies are already here, why don’t we cultivate? It’s been a while since we’ve done it, after all."

Fang Zhelan quickly nodded and said, "I was also hoping for that when I came here. What do you think, Xiaoru? Do you want to cultivate together with us again?"

"I do!" Fang Xiaoru immediately nodded her head.

"Let’s do it in this place since you are already here," Su Yang then led the Feng sisters into one of the empty rooms inside the Yin Yang Pavilion.

Sometime later, Su Yang laid on the large bed while the sisters removed their clothes and crawled onto the bed with him.

"No matter how many times I see your thing, it always impresses me..." Fang Zhelan said as she kneeled beside Su Yang’s legs with her slender fingers wrapped around Su Yang’s thick dragon.

A few moments later, Fang Zhelan began working on Su Yang’s rod with her mouth by giving him a deep fellatio while Fang Xiaoru laid between Su Yang’s legs on her stomach and licked and sucked on his jewels.

"Mmmm..."

"Mmm~"

"Mmmmm..."

The Fang sisters made lustful noises with their mouths as they savored Su Yang’s meat to their heart’s content.

Many minutes later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi into Fang Zhelan’s mouth, which she swallowed without any problems despite the excessive amount that flowed into her mouth and throat.

"Looks like you’ve gotten used to swallowing," Su Yang said with a smile on his face.

"Yes, but it took a lot of practice and swallowing to get used to it." Fang Zhelan laughed in a graceful manner despite her vulgar appearance.

"Let me try next," Fang Xiaoru said as she switched positions with Fang Zhelan and began sucking on Su Yang’s rod with passion.