Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 746 The Sisters“ Decision

"Mmm..."

"Mmmm..."

"Mmm..."

While Fang Xiaoru sucked on Su Yang’s rod, Fang Zhelan said to him, "Su Yang, do you have any plans for the future? Now that the Profound Blossom Sect is pretty much one of the top sects in the Eastern Continent, what are you going to do with it in the future?"

Hearing her question, Su Yang said, "I am not going to do anything because it’ll be up to Liu Lanzhi what she wants to do with the sect. After all, I am not going to be in this place forever."

"Eh? Are you going somewhere?" Fang Zhelan asked him.

"Oh, right, I haven’t told you yet. I’ll be leaving the Profound Blossom Sect in less than two years from now. In fact, I won’t remain in the Eastern Continent or this world for that matter."

"Huh?"

Fang Zhelan looked at him with a dazed look, and even Fang Xiaoru stopped sucking on his rod and stared at him in silence.

"W-What do you mean by that, Su Yang? Where are you going to go?" Fang Zhelan asked him a moment later.

Su Yang closed his eyes for a moment before speaking, "I should have told you two about this long ago, but I... I am not who you think I am."

"This is going to sound weird to you but I am actually living my second life..."

Su Yang proceeded to explain to the Fang sisters his real identity and his previous life as an Immortal.

Sometime later, Fang Zhelan spoke with a dumbfounded look on her face, "I already knew that you were too mature and experienced for your age, but to think that you would be... I don’t even know what to say right now..."

"Are you disappointed?" Su Yang asked them.

"Why would I be disappointed, Su Yang? You are still the same person I’ve known and loved since the beginning and nothing will change that. However, I am slightly saddened to hear that you will leave this world. What will I do without you?"

"My elder sister is right... Even though I have known you for far less time compared to her, your background doesn’t matter to me because it’s not like you’ve suddenly become a different person."

"..."

Su Yang turned silent after hearing their words, and after a moment of silence, he spoke, "Zhelan... do you remember what you told me not long ago?"

"What I said to you...?" Fang Zhelan raised her slender eyebrows in a puzzled manner.

"During the Regional Tournament, you said that you want to be with me forever; that you want to remain in my embrace; that you were not worthy; that your body belongs to me. Do you still think that now?"

"I do! I still think that even now!" Fang Zhelan immediately nodded her head after realizing what Su Yang was talking about.

"Good... then as for what I said to you... that you are worthy... Fang Zhelan, do you want to come with me to the Divine Heavens?"

Su Yang then turned to look at Fang Xiaoru and said with a handsome smile on his face, "Of course, you can come too if you want."

"C-Can I really come with you, Su Yang? Even though I am...?" Fang Zhelan trembled after hearing his words, and on her face was a look of disbelief.

"Of course. I have already told you before that you’re not dirty. As a Dual Cultivator, it’s only natural for us to have many partners in our lifetime. The only thing that matters is whether you are willing to spend the rest of your life with me and nobody else or not."

"I am willing! I am willing, Su Yang! Even if I were to look for other partners, I can no longer be satisfied by anyone else but you! Furthermore, I have already offered my everything to you!" Fang Zhelan said to him in an emotional voice and teary eyes.

Su Yang nodded, and then he turned to look at Fang Xiaoru, "What about you, Xiaoru? Even though we haven’t known each other for long, I really enjoy your company, especially when you’re with Zhelan. It’d be a crime to separate such a perfect pair." Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"I also want to follow you alongside my elder sister, Su Yang! In fact, I have already decided to follow you no matter where you go ever since I resolved myself to leave the Fang Family!"

After hearing the sister’s words, Su Yang then said, "Since that’s the case, I am going to make you two my women— my official women."

He proceeded to tell them about the Family Seal and the rules within the family.

"What do you think? Are you willing to become a part of the Su Family and become my woman?"

Fang Zhelan and Feng Xiaoru exchanged glances with each other before turning to look at Su Yang and speaking simultaneously— "We are willing!"

"Good, then let’s continue to have some fun before I give you my Family Seal," Su Yang said to them.

The next moment, Fang Xiaoru returned to sucking on Su Yang’s rod, and it felt entirely different for Su Yang compared to just a few minutes ago, almost like something had changed within Fang Xiaoru.

Meanwhile, Fang Zhelan was directed by Su Yang to sit on his face so he could savor her lower lips.

Feng Zhelan obeyed his desires and sat on his face a moment later with her lower lips directly on Su Yang’s lips.

Su Yang then grabbed her soft buttocks and began licking her beautiful slit with his tongue.

"Aaaah~!"

Fang Zhelan released a delightful moan while her body felt tingly all over.

Sometime later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi into Fang Xiaoru’s mouth whilst Fang Zhelan released her Yin Qi inside Su Yang’s mouth.

"Mmm!" Fang Xiaoru tried her best to swallow the Yang Qi like Fang Zhelan, but alas, she could only endure it for a few seconds before she removed her mouth from his rod, allowing the excess Yang Qi to shoot all over her face.