Chapter 747 Like a Group of Housewives

"Looks like I still need a lot of practice..." Fang Xiaoru sighed as she wiped the Yang Qi off her face before licking it off her fingers in an innocent yet erotic manner.

"Don’t worry, you’ll have plenty of time to practice in the future," Su Yang said with a smile on his face.

A few moments later, Fang Xiaoru inserted Su Yang’s rod into her tight cave and began riding him like a horse.

Meanwhile, Su Yang continued to eat Fang Zhelan’s pink meat while moving his hips to please Fang Xiaoru at the same time.

"Aaahhn~!"

"Aaahh~"

"My stomach... feels so full~" Fang Xiaoru moaned loudly.

Many minutes later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi into Fang Xiaoru’s cave, filling every nook and cranny inside her body.

"This is... the Family Seal?" Fang Xiaoru rubbed the Family Seal that had suddenly appeared on her body with great interest.

"Yes, but I still need to activate it later," Su Yang said.

A few moments later, Fang Xiaoru laid on the bed to recover, and Su Yang sat up on the bed with Fang Zhelan in his embrace and sitting on his lap.

Once his rod went inside Fang Zhelan’s slippery cave with ease, Su Yang began massaging Fang Zhelan’s breasts while she moved her hips and rode him in a similar fashion as Fang Xiaoru had.

Pap! Pap! Pap!

Erotic noises filled the room as Su Yang’s thick rod slammed into Fang Zhelan’s wet cave, sounding as though someone was dancing on a wet puddle.

"Aaaaah~"

Fang Zhelan moaned loudly as Su Yang’s dragon head knocked on the end of her cave, feeling as though it was trying to dig an even deeper hole in her body.

After many minutes of intense pounding, Su Yang released his Yang Qi into Fang Zhelan’s cave, creating a Family Seal on her body too.

After laying Fang Zhelan on the bed, Su Yang turned to look at Fang Xiaoru who’d just recovered her energy with a smile on his face.

Fang Xiaoru immediately understood the meaning behind his gaze and opened her legs wide open for him.

Su Yang then inserted his rod into her cave that was still filled with his Yang Qi, and he began pounding her yearning body, causing most of the Yang Qi in her cave to leak out only to fill it back up with his Yang Qi a few minutes later.

Half an hour later, Su Yang switched partners again, returning back to Fang Zhelan, and he would continue this until they cultivated for nearly the entire day.

By the end of the day, Su Yang had cultivated over 50 times with each of them.

"I cannot do it anymore... My body won’t be able to handle it..." Fang Xiaoru said afterward.

"Although I can continue, I’ll also stop here for today," Fang Zhelan spoke a moment later.

Su Yang nodded and said, "Let me activate your Family Seals before I leave you ladies alone."

He then bit a small hole in his finger before smearing some of his blood onto their Family Seal, activating it.

"Welcome to the family, Fang Zhelan, Fang Xiaoru. I’ll introduce you to the others later," Su Yang said to them afterward.

"Thank you, Su Yang, for accepting me and Xiaoru..." Fang Zhelan said to him with a beautiful smile on her face. "I swear that I will continue to do my best from now on."

"Me, too! I promise that I will try my best to reach my elder sister’s level of endurance as soon as possible so that I don’t become a burden!" Fang Xiaoru said.

"There’s no need to rush things, Xiaoru. As I’d said, you’ll have plenty of time to practice in the future," Su Yang said to her. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Anyway, it’s already the next day, and I have appointments to fulfill with the disciples. I’ll talk to you ladies later."

A few moments later, Su Yang left the room, leaving the sisters alone.

"Elder sister... Thank you..." Fang Xiaoru suddenly said to her.

"What for? I don’t recall doing anything to deserve such words," Fang Zhelan raised her eyebrows.

"Thank you for leaving the family and coming to this place. If not for you, I would’ve never met Su Yang, and I would still be living a boring life at the Fang Family," Fang Xiaoru explained.

"There’s no need to thank me for that, you silly. It was not as though I had planned on meeting Su Yang in this place. I left the Fang Family because I wanted to— it was a selfish decision of mine, so I cannot accept your gratitude. If you have to thank something, thank the heavens for allowing us to meet with Su Yang, and thank Su Yang for being the way he is."

After spending many minutes talking to each other as they recovered their strength, Fang Zhelan got off the bed and said, "I am going to wash my body."

"I’ll help you, elder sister."

Fang Zhelan and Fang Xiaoru entered the bathroom a few moments later, and they assisted each other by washing each other’s back.

Once their bodies were glistening and clean, the sisters dried themselves before leaving the bathroom.

However, to the sister’s surprise, they were greeted by three extremely beautiful women when they returned to the room.

"Welcome to the family, Fang Zhelan, Fang Xiaoru." Wu Jingjing and the other girls said to them the moment they noticed their presence.

"Seniors..." The Fang sisters were speechless.

"You know, I have realized something today," Zhu Mengyi suddenly said, and she continued, "Although our children dislike strangers, they are oddly friendly with people who are related to Su Yang. Maybe they have the ability to tell whether someone qualifies to join the family or not."

"If that’s true, our daughters are truly talented," Wu Jingjing chuckled.

"Anyway, because you girls were so close to us, we were able to feel your Family Seal being activated, so we came here to see who it was." Lian Li said to them, and she continued, "Though, we have already guessed your identities before even coming here."

Sometime later, the five ladies began talking to each other like a group of housewives, but they all belonged to the same family!