Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 749 Tossing Her on the Bed

Sometime later, once Su Yang emptied all of the storage rings and created many mountains from 150 million spirit stones, he returned to the scrolls on the floor and sat before them again.

After closing his eyes and concentrating a bit, Su Yang slapped the scrolls, causing a purple pillar of light to shoot out of the scrolls and towards the heavens.

However, before they could reach the clouds, the purple pillars were blocked by the formation around the Heavenly Swan Sect before being absorbed by it.

Once the purple pillar of light was completely absorbed, the spirit stones on the ground gushed with spiritual energy before being absorbed by the formation too.

A few minutes later, all 150 million spirit stones dissipated into the air.

Su Yang stood up and patted his buttocks afterward. He then looked at the dazed disciples and sect elders and spoke with a smile on his face, "I have just strengthened the defensive formation protecting the Heavenly Swan Sect. Even Sovereign Spirit Realm Cultivators will not be able to invade into this place now."

"There’s no need to thank me since I am merely doing this for your Sect Master."

After a moment of silence, Su Yang continued, "By the way, for those of you who will be assisting me in the near future, I’d like to take this time to thank you now. Thank you, and I promise you that you won’t regret it."

When the disciples and sect elders saw the handsome smile on Su Yang’s face, they felt as though a sword had suddenly pierced their heart, clearly smitten by him.

"I will definitely be there for you, Su Yang!" One of the disciples suddenly shouted out loud.

"Me too! I will also be there! You can do anything to my body then!"

Once one of the disciples there opened her mouth, the others also began shouting their desire to participate until nearly every disciple there has expressed their excitement.

"Good. I will be looking forward to cultivating with all of you. Until then."

After saying that, Su Yang flew away and returned to Bai Lihua’s living quarters.

"So that was Su Yang, huh? He’s much more dreamy than I’d imagined!"

The disciples continued to talk about Su Yang even many minutes after he left the scene.

Sometime later, Su Yang returned to Bai Lihua’s house and went to the pill room, where she was in the middle of concocting a pill with the new technique Su Yang had given her.

’It’s only been a few hours since I gave her the technique and she’s already comprehended it to the point where she can apply it to her alchemy. Bai Lihua... you’re quite the fast learner,’ Su Yang silently praised Bai Lihua inside his head, and he proceeded to sit down on the ground and waited for her to finish concocting the pill.

Two hours later, Bai Lihua retrieved her alchemy flames and opened the pill cauldron, taking out an Elementary-grade pill that was nearly pure white, signifying its high quality.

"What do you think, Su Yang? I tried using the technique you gave me and it improved my ability to control my alchemy flames significantly!" Bai Lihua said to him with excitement on her beautiful face.

Su Yang nodded and said, "Impressive to say the least."

"Really?" The joy on Bai Lihua’s face became more apparent after hearing his words.

"Yes. You’ve exceeded my expectations once again. Therefore, I’ll give you another reward. But I cannot think of anything, so why don’t you tell me what you want from me? Anything you want," Su Yang suddenly said to her with a mysterious smile on his face.

"Anything I want from you...? Can it really be anything?" Bai Lihua swallowed nervously before asking him with a surprised look on her face.

"Yes. If it’s within my power," Su Yang nodded his head.

"..."

After a moment of silence, Bai Lihua spoke with a resolute expression on her face, "Su Yang, I want you to be straightforward and serious with me for once. How do you feel about me, really? Can you answer my feelings seriously? Did you mean what you said to me previously? I won’t let you avoid me any longer!"

"I know I said anything, but to think you would ask me for so many things... what am I going to do with you, really?" Su Yang shook his head with a smile on his face.

"Su Yang! Answer me seriously!" Bai Lihua said with a serious frown on her face.

"..."

The smile on Su Yang’s face suddenly disappeared, and after a moment of silence, he began approaching her with a serious expression on his face.

"Eh? What are you doing to me, Su Yang?!" Bai Lihua cried out loud after Su Yang unexpectedly picked her up before carrying her to another room— her bedroom. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"S-Su Yang?!" Bai Lihua tried again.

However, Su Yang suddenly tossed her body on the bed before going onto the bed himself and pinning her down by being right on top of her.

"Su Yang..." Bai Lihua laid on the bed and stared at Su Yang’s handsome face that was only inches away from her own blushing face.

"I want you, Bai Lihua. And I meant what I said previously. I want you to be my woman— officially," Su Yang spoke while staring at Bai Lihua right in her beautiful and clear eyes.

"What about you? Did you mean it when you said you love me? Do you really want to be my woman?"

Hearing Su Yang’s words and his question, Bai Lihua turned silent for a moment with a dazed look on her face.

A few seconds later, Bai Lihua suddenly moved her arms and touched Su Yang’s face with her hands before pulling his head into her.

Once their lips were connected, Bai Lihua began kissing Su Yang passionately, even using her tongue this time.

A few minutes of intense kissing later, Bai Lihua said to him with a loving gaze, "I really love you, Su Yang, and I want to be your woman."