Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 752 Not Wanting to Fall Behind

"W-When, Master? When did you receive my elder brother’s Family Seal?" Su Yin asked her with a slightly dazed look on her face.

"Today..." Bai LIhua said with a slightly bashful face.

"So... you were just cultivating with him?" Su Yin looked at her with a face of disbelief, as she didn’t think Bai Lihua would cultivate with Su Yang so soon!

"A-Anyway, since you will be following Su Yang to the Divine Heavens, I won’t ask you to become the next Sect Master, and I will find another person to replace me," Bai Lihua said a moment later, dodging Su Yin’s question and changing the topic before turning around and walking away.

"Master, you’re also going to follow my brother Su Yang to the Divine Heavens, right?" Su Yin suddenly asked her. "After all, you already have his Family Seal."

"That’s right. I will be going to the Divine Heavens with you two," Bai Lihua nodded before flying away. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"So Master also became my elder brother’s lover..." A gentle smile appeared on her face a moment later, and she returned to cultivating sometime later. Now that she will be following Su Yang to the Divine Heavens, she must increase her cultivation as much as possible so that she doesn’t become a burden for him when they leave this place.

Meanwhile, back at the Profound Blossom Sect, Su Yang continued to cultivate with the disciples.

Once he was finished with his daily routine, Su Yang went to Zhang Xiu Ying’s living quarters to see her progress with the cultivation technique he’d created for her.

After speaking with Zhang Xiu Ying for some time, they entered the bedroom for some fun and cultivation.

Su Yang then left her house and proceeded to head to Sun Jingjing’s living quarters to cultivate with her.

After Sun Jingjing, he went to find Su Liqing at the Medicine Hall since she was the closest.

Once Su Liqing was satisfied, Su Yang traveled to the sect elders’ living quarters and cultivated with them until it was night.

At night, Su Yang would spend some time with the three goddesses before going to sleep with Tang Lingxi beside him on the bed.

The following morning, Su Yang repeated this routine, and he would continue doing this every single day until it was either time to visit Bai Lihua or Wang Shuren to give them their lectures.

A month passed by in a flash, and Su Yang went to pick up Senior Zeng and Luo Yixao for their 3rd lecture.

"Cai Yan is not participating in the lecture today?" Luo Yixao asked him after not seeing her presence there.

"No, and she will no longer be participating in the monthly lectures since she’s staying in the Profound Blossom Sect so I get to lecture her more often," Su Yang explained to her.

Luo Yixiao expressed surprise, and she asked him a moment later, "Master, if I also stayed at the Profound Blossom Sect, would you be able to lecture me more often?"

"Well... Even though I say that I am lecturing Cai Yan, I am only giving her minor advice at the end of our cultivation sessions, and I really only lecture her seriously once every two weeks or so."

"That’s fine! Even if it’s only an extra lecture every month, as long as I get to learn more, I am willing to live at the Profound Blossom Sect, too! What do you think, Master Zeng?" Luo Yixiao turned to look at Senior Zeng who nodded.

He then said, "If I was not the Sect Master of the Divine Nature Garden, I would also be requesting to stay at the Profound Blossom Sect."

"What do you think, Master? Can I stay at the Profound Blossom Sect for extra lessons?" Luo Yixao asked Su Yang.

A single lecture from Su Yang was enough to improve her alchemy skills by many months. If she could receive two lectures a month instead of just one, she’ll definitely become a top alchemy expert in no time! Furthermore, she did not want to fall behind Cai Yan in alchemy, as that would hurt her pride.

Su Yang nodded a moment later and said, "If that’s what you want, I won’t say no. Just let me know when you are ready to move."

"I can move to the Profound Blossom Sect immediately after the lecture, as I don’t have anything I need to take with me besides a few items!"

"Very well, I shall bring you to the Profound Blossom Sect afterward," Su Yang nodded.

Sometime later, they went to Wang Shuren’s living quarters and began the monthly lecture.

Three days later, Su Yang brought Senior Zeng and Luo Yixiao back to the Divine Nature Garden. However, he didn’t immediately leave like usual and waited for Luo Yixiao to pick up a few things.

Sometime later, Luo Yixiao said her goodbyes to Senior Zeng, "I will see you later, Master Zeng."

"Un. Make sure you don’t cause any trouble for Su Yang or the Profound Blossom Sect." Senior Zeng said to her.

"Since both Cai Yan and Luo Yixiao will be at the Profound Blossom Sect, we’ll begin having our lectures at my sect instead of Wang Shuren’s house," Su Yang said to them afterward.

A few moments later, Su Yang flew away with Luo Yixiao, leaving Senior Zeng standing there with a dazed look on his face.

"It’ll be a miracle if she doesn’t return as a mature woman..." Senior Zeng sighed in a weird voice before returning to his room to practice alchemy.

Meanwhile, once they returned to the Profound Blossom Sect, Su Yang assigned the building beside Cai Yan’s living quarters as Luo Yixiao’s temporary home so that they could be neighbors and talk about alchemy whenever they wanted.

"Thank you, Master, for allowing me to stay here." Luo Yixiao bowed to him.

Su Yang nodded and said, "If you need anything else, you can find me at the Yin Yang Pavilion, or you can use this communication jade slip to contact me."

"I understand, Master." Luo Yixiao said before she settled inside her new home.