Chapter 756 Returning to Her Own Body

"..."

"..."

"..."

"Mmm..."

An extremely beautiful woman with long black hair, facial features that could easily doom an entire kingdom, a flawless figure and peerless jade-like skin slowly opened her eyelids, revealing the glowing red gems that had been sleeping within for many years.

"Looks like I am really back..." Tang Lingxi mumbled to herself with a dazed look on her fairy-like face.

She then stood up, walked a few steps, and stared at the void before her that was flickering with countless beautiful stars.

"Su Yang... I am serious... If you don’t come back within ten years, I am going to fight until my last breath with the Heavenly Family."

After standing in the same spot for many days and staring at the void with a blank expression on her naturally cold-looking face, Tang Lingxi finally moved and took a single step towards the void.

Whoosh. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Tang Lingxi suddenly disappeared from her spot and appeared over a hundred thousands miles away from her original spot with just a single step and without any teleportation treasures.

After taking her first step, Tang Lingxi continued to take her second step... third step... fourth step and so on.

In less than a minute, Tang Lingxi had traveled over a million miles into the void, yet her expression remained calm, acting as though it was as natural as breathing and walking.

A few hours and hundreds of millions of miles later, Tang Lingxi could see a small planet in front of her.

After taking a deep breath, Tang Lingxi approached the planet.

A single step later, she entered this unknown world and hovered in the sky above the seemingly desolate land.

Tang Lingxi took another deep breath, and a moment later—

BOOM!

Her body exploded with a tyrannical red aura that could instantly flatten Sovereign Spirit Realm Cultivators without any effort and even kill Divine Realm Cultivators with ease.

Tang Lingxi’s bloodthirsty aura quickly swept throughout the world like an unstoppable wave and anyone that was unfortunate enough to feel such this aura would uncontrollably tremble in profound fear.

Shortly after Tang Lingxi released her aura, as though there was a storm approaching, massive black clouds could be seen in the distance flying to her at incredible speed from every direction. However, if one looked closely, they would come to realize that these black clouds were actually people— a sea of people!

"The Young Lady has emerged from her secluded cultivation!"

"Young Lady! Welcome back!"

The countless people there shouted with excitement after seeing Tang Lingxi’s beautiful figure.

Furthermore, each and every single one of these people were at least Divine Realm or above Cultivators.

"Quiet down! I just woke up and I don’t need any noises right now!" Tang Lingxi suddenly shouted, and her voice boomed, causing the entire world to shake.

"..."

The place immediately turned dead silent— to the point where even a single pin drop could be heard a thousand miles away, and these Cultivators also slowed down in their movements, as they were afraid that they might anger Tang Lingxi.

Once all of the movements came to a complete halt and Tang Lingxi was surrounded by hundreds of thousands of experts, she spoke in a calm voice, "I only have one thing to say today— prepare yourselves. In ten years, depending on the outcome of a certain event, we may or may not be engaging another war with the Heavenly Family. However, it will be different this time because I plan on fighting until my last breath."

"..."

The entire place remained even a solid minute later despite her words, almost like they couldn’t care less about her words.

"That’s all."

Tang Lingxi then turned around and disappeared into the void again.

Shortly after Tang Lingxi left, the people that had remained silent suddenly erupted with noises and excitement.

"HEEEELLLL YEAAAAAH, BABY!"

"WHOOOOOOOOOO!!! WE’RE GOING TO FIGHT THE HEAVENLY FAMILY AGAIN!"

"FUCK! MY BLOOD IS BOILING ALREADY! WHO WANTS TO SPAR WITH ME?!"

"THE ASURA GOD CLAN SHALL ONCE AGAIN DOMINATE THE FOUR DIVINE HEAVENS!!!"

The noise was so loud that if one were to look at the world from the void, they would be able to see it shaking.

"SHUT THE HELL UP! I CAN STILL HEAR YOU IDIOTS!" Tang Lingxi’s voice suddenly boomed in the ears of every Cultivator there, causing their ears and nose to bleed.

"..."

However, none of the Cultivators there minded the abuse and even continued to smile and giggle like a bunch of kids who’d just been scolded for their 100th time.

Meanwhile, Tang Lingxi spent another few hours traveling in the void until she reached another world, and it was even smaller compared to the previous world.

"So you have returned, Lingxi..."

A ripple suddenly appeared from the world and a profound voice resounded in Tang Lingxi’s mind before she could even approach the world.

"Yes, father. I have returned," Tang Lingxi said.

"How was it? Is ’he’ still alive?"

"Yes, Su Yang is well and alive."

"I see..." Tang Lingxi’s father mumbled in a somewhat relieved tone.

A moment later, he continued, "Then what’s the reason for your declaration just now? If he’s alive, there’s no need for us to fight. After all, you were the one who stopped the last war."

"I only plan on fighting the Heavenly Family if Su Yang doesn’t appear before me in ten years," she responded.

"Ten years... What if ’he’ returns a year late only to find out that you’d died in a war against the Heavenly Family?" Her father questioned her.

"That won’t happen, because Su Yang promised me that he’ll appear before me in ten years, and if he doesn’t... then he’s not Su Yang, and the Su Yang I saw in that foreign world is merely an illusion." Tang Lingxi spoke with a calm and resolute expression on her face.

Tang Lingxi’s father remained silent for a good minute before speaking again, "Very well... Do as you wish. After all, I have already given you and ’him’ the Asura God Clan. Even if you perish with the entire family, that is your choice and I will not intervene no matter what."

"I know that already, father. Then, I’ll be away for another ten years. Unless it’s an emergency, don’t contact me. If you do, you know where to find me," Tang Lingxi said before disappearing into the void a moment later.