Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 758 - Plowing Luo Yixiao

"Aaaah~!" Luo Yixiao released a surprised m.o.a.n after Su Yang stuck his fingers inside her closed cave.

"Oh? Looks like I’ve found your weak spot," Su Yang said to her with a grin on his face as he rubbed a specific location inside her cave with his fingers.

"Aah... Ahhh... Ahhhhn!"

Luo Yixiao’s body jumped when Su Yang focused on a certain spot inside her cave, and her body gushed with Yin Qi the next moment.

Seeing this, Su Yang continued to tease Luo Yixiao’s weak spot for many minutes until she was practically crying from too much pleasure.

"Haaa... haaa... haaa... Master..." Luo Yixiao looked at him with a yearning gaze on her l.u.s.tful face. "Please... stop teasing me already and stick it inside me..."

Hearing her pleading voice, Su Yang stood up with a smile on his face, and he pressed his sausage between her slit after removing his clothes.

A moment later, he pierced her walls and broke the seal that kept her status of maiden intact.

"M-Master...!" Luo Yixiao clenched her teeth together to endure the pain, as this is her first time experiencing such intense pain before. However, she still managed to endure it much better than Cai Yan and quickly got used to the pain.

Once Luo Yixiao gave him the signal to continue with a gentle nod of her head, Su Yang began thrusting his stiff rod inside her body, rubbing her inner pink walls with his rod.

"Aahhn~"

"Aaaaaah~!"

"Aaaaahhhhhh~!"

Luo Yixiao m.o.a.ned in a satisfied voice as Su Yang pounded her body for many minutes without rest.

Sometime later, Luo Yixiao changed her position and kneeled on the bed on all four limbs, and she allowed Su Yang to plow her body from behind in the d.o.g.g.y style.

"Mmm..."

"Ooooh~"

"Aaahn...!"

Many minutes later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi into Luo Yixiao’s body.

"Master..." Luo Yixiao mumbled in a satisfied voice before falling asleep from exhaustion.

Su Yang shook his head with a smile after seeing this, and he sighed, "How are you going to cultivate if you fall asleep?"

Of course, he didn’t actually wake Luo Yixiao up and allowed her to sleep peacefully.

While Luo Yixiao can cultivate his Yang Qi whenever she wants as long as it stays inside her body, the quality of his Yang Qi will not remain the same as forever, so the longer one waits to absorb his Yang Qi the more weaker effect it’ll have on them.

However, because Su Yang is a dual cultivator who has trained his Yang Qi specifically, his Yang Qi will remain at its highest quality for many hours without degrading even slightly, allowing Luo Yixiao a few hours of leeway.

After putting a blanket on Luo Yixiao’s n.a.k.e.d body, Su Yang also left behind a cultivation technique for dual cultivators next to her head so she sees it the moment she wakes up.

Once he left her house, Su Yang returned to the Yin Yang Pavilion to rest for the day, as he’d already fulfilled all appointments with the disciples for the day.

’Even though it’s been half a year since I reached the peak of the Heavenly Spirit Realm, I am still nowhere near reaching the Sovereign Spirit Realm. I guess I really have to consume the Hellfire Seed in order to breakthrough,’ Su Yang pondered inwardly.

Sometime later, someone knocked on his door.

*Knock* Knock* Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Su Yang, it’s me." Lian Li’s voice resounded.

"Come inside."

Lian Li opened the door and entered the room a moment later.

"Su Yang, look at this— it’s grown even bigger." Lian Li approached Su Yang while rubbing her belly that had started to become round only recently, and she has been visiting Su Yang every day ever since then from excitement.

"Come here." Su Yang patted his lap.

Lian Li nodded and sat on his lap.

Su Yang then rubbed her round belly and said, "How do you feel?"

"Besides a little full, I am perfectly fine," she said.

"I see... that’s good." Su Yang nodded with a smile on his face.

"By the way, I have been wanting to ask you..." Lian Li suddenly said with a perplexed look on her face, and she continued after a moment of silence, "Do you... do you think I can still cultivate with you while I am in this condition? Or is that too weird?"

"You mean while you are pregnant? I don’t see why not," Su Yang responded with a calm expression.

"Eh? Really? You don’t think that’s weird?" Lian Li asked him with wide eyes, seemingly surprised to hear such a causal answer. After all, most people would be put off by such an idea.

"Weird? This isn’t going to be my first time cultivating with a pregnant woman— that is for sure," Su Yang said with a smile on his face.

"Really?" Lian Li’s eyes widened some more after hearing such words.

Su Yang nodded and continued, "Yes, and some even had bigger stomachs than you do now."

"Do you want me to prove it to you?" He then asked her.

"R-Right now?"

"Whenever you want," he quickly responded.

"I want it now!" Lian Li also responded with haste.

"Very well..."

Lian Li and Su Yang proceeded to get on the bed a few moments later with their clothes already removed.

Su Yang then stared at the bump on Lian Li’s stomach and chuckled, "It looks good on you. Kind of cute, too."

"C-Cute...?" Lian Li was speechless after hearing his praises.

Su Yang lowered his head and kissed the bump on Lian Li’s stomach, and after some foreplay, he inserted his thick rod into her cave.

"Aaah~!" Lian Li m.o.a.ned loudly, immediately feeling a difference, almost as though Su Yang’s rod was thicker than usual.

Meanwhile, Su Yang also felt the difference, feeling as though Lian Li’s cave was squeezing his rod harder than previously.

Of course, the reason it felt tighter than usual was because Lian Li’s cave was actually tighter than usual due to her pregnancy, which is completely normal.

"I am going to move now, okay?" Su Yang said to her a moment later.

"Okay," Lian Li nodded.