Chapter 771 The Shorter Your Temperament...

"What do you mean by satisfaction?" Ruan Xiao Qing asked Su Yang a moment later.

"It means exactly what it sounds like— satisfaction. I am a Dual Cultivator, and I can tell at a glance that your body is currently struggling and filled with stress," Su Yang responded to her with a calm smile on his face. "Spend one night with me and I’ll relieve all of that built-up stress you’ve accumulated."

And then he turned to look at Ruan Zongze who was standing there with a dumbfounded look on his face and continued to speak, "I can also tell that your husband here is only overbearing on the outside and is actually very tame and pathetic in the bedroom."

Su Yang’s gaze on Ruan Zongze’s fuming face lowered a little bit, and he chuckled, "And with his size, I doubt you would feel anything when he does it. Do you even feel anything? Perhaps you might still be a maiden."

"HOW FUCKING DARE YOU TRAMPLE ON MY DIGNITY AS A MAN BEFORE SO MANY PEOPLE AND MY WIFE!!!" Ruan Zongze roared, and his cultivation base that was at the Sovereign Spirit Realm suddenly exploded, causing the tables and chairs in the room to fly around.

"Your dignity? What dignity could you possibly have as a man when you cannot even satisfy your own wife? It’s quite shocking that you would even be shameless to say something like that." Su Yang shook his head.

"I WILL FUCKING KILL YOU!" Ruan Zongze roared as he pounced at Su Yang.

"W-Wait!" Ruan Xiao Qing hurriedly shouted, but alas, Ruan Zongze was too enveloped in rage to hear anything now.

"Whoa!" Su Yang stood up and jumped backward when he saw Ruan Zongze rushing at him, landing on the stage behind him a second later.

Bang!

Meanwhile, Ruan Zongze smashed the chair Su Yang was sitting on into many pieces even though he knew Su Yang was long gone from that spot.

"Calm down, won’t you?" Su Yang said in a calm voice from the stage, and he continued, "They say the shorter your temperament the shorter you are down there, and you’re proving this saying right."

"FUCK YOU!"

Ruan Zongze roared before jumping onto the stage with Su Yang.

When the two youngsters on the stage saw this, they immediately jumped from the stage and ran back to their own family with fearful looks on their faces, looking like they’d just narrowly escaped death.

Su Yang shook his head at Ruan Zongze, and he said, "You really want to fight me? I don’t usually waste my energy without a reason. How about this— if I win, you’ll let me spend a night with your wife?"

"SCREW YOU!"

Ruan Zongze roared as he pounced at Su Yang once again.

Su Yang used the Nine Astral Steps to dodge Ruan Zongze’s strikes with ease, and he spoke as he dodged Ruan Zongze’s continuous assault, "Oh, right, I almost forgot. You have no authority, so I shouldn’t even be asking you in the first place."

He then turned to look at Ruan Xiao Qing and spoke, "What do you say, Lady Ruan? I’m one of the best Dual Cultivators in this world— this is a once-in-a-lifetime chance..."

Ruan Xiao Qing was speechless, as this is her first time being courted before so many people and in such a fashion. It was so ridiculous that it was almost compelling!

Boom!

Ruan Zongze suddenly smashed the arena with his bare fists, creating a massive crack on the arena that went from one end of the stage to the other.

"Zongze, stop it right now! Are you going to bear responsibility for destroying the Ancestral Pavilion?!" Ruan Xiao Qing shouted at him.

"..."

Ruan Zongze immediately stopped moving, yet his expression still looked extremely terrifying and intimidating at this moment, and he was panting heavily, almost like he was out of breath. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"I’m sorry, Su Yang, but I’ll have to decline your offer." Ruan Xiao Qing said, and she continued, "Now can we stop this nonsense and get back to business?"

"What?! Are you just going to let him go after everything he’s said to me?! I’d rather die than let him trample on my dignity!" Ruan Zongze shouted while pointing at Su Yang, almost like a child who was trying to push the blame onto someone else.

"If you want a deathmatch with him then do it outside the Ancestral Pavilion. However, I’ll tell you right now that you’ll die if you fought him for real." Ruan Xiao Qing said, dumbfounding everybody there.

"W-What? I’ll be the one dying? Not him?" Ruan Zongze stared at his own wife with a gawking look on his face.

"If you can’t tell by now, he’s been playing with you like a puppet. If the two of you fought for real, I doubt you’ll be able to win despite your advantage in cultivation. Furthermore, there’s no way someone related to Immortal Fairy Su Yue could be so simple."

Su Yang smiled after hearing Ruan Xiao Qing’s words, and he said, "You’re a smart woman. I want to help you even more now. However, I’ll refrain from it until I get my hands on the Dew of Life later."

Ruan Xiao Qing raised her eyebrows. Why was Su Yang so confident that he’ll obtain the Dew of Life from them? The way he spoke just now was as if the Dew of Life was already in his hands!

Ruan Xiao Qing then turned to look at the other families and bowed to them slightly, "I apologize for the commotion today, but the Ruan Family will retire from this gathering now since we have other business to take care of. We shall see you all again next year."

"Please follow us back to the Ruan Family, Su Yang." Ruan Xiao Qing said to him before she disappeared from the scene.

Su Yang didn’t say anything and casually jumped off the stage to follow Ruan Xiao Qing, acting as if nothing abnormal had happened.

"Let’s go, little girl." Su Yang said to the little girl who’d been silently standing by the entrance this entire time.