Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 776 You Might as Well Be a Woman!

"You’re definitely up to something again! I don’t believe you!" Ruan Zongze said as he began reaching for the doorknob.

Seeing this, Su Yang sighed and said, "Don’t say I didn’t warn you if your marriage falls apart afterward because you didn’t want to listen to me."

Ruan Zongze’s movements immediately froze after hearing Su Yang’s words. Their marriage would fall apart if he opened the door? What kind of nonsense is Su Yang talking about? There’s no way something like that would happen!

Yet... Ruan Zongze did not dare to open the door and remained standing there for an entire minute.

"You... did something to my wife, didn’t you? What did you do to her?!" Ruan Zongze turned to glare at Su Yang with bloodlust in his eyes.

"I didn’t do anything to her," Su Yang shrugged.

"Fucking bullshit! I don’t believe you! I am going inside!" Ruan Zongze resolved himself and began turning the knob on the door.

It was at this moment the door suddenly opened, and Ruan Xiao Qing walked out of the room with an angry expression on her face, looking like someone had disturbed her peaceful sleep.

"W-Wife... Are you okay?" Ruan Zongze asked her in a nervous voice after seeing her furious expression.

"I would’ve been if you didn’t open your loud mouth!" Ruan Xiao Qing shouted at him, and she said, "Get out of here right now before I beat you!"

Ruan Zongze was baffled, as he couldn’t understand why she was angry at him.

However, he didn’t dare to oppose her and began walking towards the exit.

Su Yang chuckled when he saw this, and Ruan Zongze stopped to look at Su Yang.

"I won’t forget this!" he growled in a low voice.

"What are you talking about? I was even kind enough to give you a warning— a warning that you’d ignored. You can only blame yourself for not listening to me." Su Yang shrugged.

"Che!" Ruan Zongze coldly snorted before leaving the room.

Once Ruan Zongze was gone, Ruan Xiao Qing turned to look at Su Yang and said to him, "Thank you for warning me and delaying him so that I had enough time to dress. It would’ve turned chaotic if he saw me naked." Ruan Xiao Qing said to him a moment later.

"Though, it wouldn’t really have mattered that much if he saw me or not."

"Oh? Why is that?" Su Yang asked her.

"Because I am going to find a new husband— someone who can actually satisfy me. This is something that I have learned after my session with you, and I don’t think I will be able to continue living my life deprived of satisfaction after experiencing that with you."

"I have been delaying our divorce because it would make things difficult between my Ruan Family and the family he came from, but I don’t care anymore. I don’t need a useless man as my husband!" Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Su Yang nodded and said with a smile on his face, "I will give you my blessings ahead of time then."

Ruan Xiao Qing also smiled, and she said to him, "Of course, my first husband candidate will be you, Su Yang. What do you say? Want to become my husband?"

"Unfortunately, I already have my family, so I cannot join yours," he responded.

"I thought so." Ruan Xiao Qing said.

"But if you ever feel like visiting me again, my bedroom doors will always be open for you even if I have a new husband," Ruan Xiao Qing winked at him in an alluring manner.

"I will definitely keep that in mind."

"Anyway, let me bring you the Dew of Life now... Ah!" Ruan Xiao Qing suddenly released a weird noise when she began walking.

"I-I forgot about how sensitive my body is right now..." she mumbled afterward.

Sometime later, Ruan Xiao Qing returned with a small glass bottle in her hands, and inside this glass bottle was a single drop of liquid.

"This is the Dew of Life, I hope you weren’t expecting more..." Ruan Xiao Qing said to him with an awkward smile on her face after showing him the Dew of Life.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Don’t worry, I didn’t expect any more than this."

"I really admire you, Su Yang. To give away 5 Immortal-grade cultivation techniques and the Dew of Life just to help with your partner’s infertility."

"Lian Li told you, huh? Although the Dew of Life may be priceless in your eyes, there is nothing in this world that’s worth more than my women’s happiness," Su Yang said in a clear and calm voice.

"Nothing worth more than your women’s happiness?" Ruan Xiao Qing stared at Su Yang with a slightly dazed look, and her heart began beating faster than just a moment ago, feeling an indescribable feeling after hearing such wonderful words!

"Now I want to become your woman even more after hearing those words," Ruan Xiao Qing said with a smile on her face.

Sometime later, Su Yang carried Shi Yuchun like a princess since she was still asleep and left the Ruan Family on the flying boat.

"Just you wait! I will definitely get my revenge sooner or later!" Ruan Zongze growled in a low voice after Su Yang left.

"Unless you want to challenge the Lian Family and Immortal Fairy Su Yue, you should forget about your revenge," Ruan Xiao Qing suddenly appeared behind him and said.

"M-My wife!" Ruan Zongze jumped back from being startled. "W-What do you mean by that? He’s related to the Lian Family?!"

"Not only related, but he’s technically ’the’ Lian Family!" Ruan Xiao Qing said.

"Anyway, you can stop calling me your wife starting now because I plan on divorcing you." Ruan Xiao Qing suddenly dropped this shocking news.

"WHAT?! DIVORCE?! BUT WHY?!" Ruan Zongze exclaimed in a shocked voice.

"Because I want a real man as my husband!" Ruan Xiao Qing suddenly squatted and pulled Ruan Zongze’s pants down and said in a cold voice, "Look at that small thing! And you dare to call yourself a man with that?! You might as well be a woman!"