Chapter 778 Returning to the Southern Continen

"Take your time to rest and think about my suggestion. I’ll be visiting the other continents in the meantime," Su Yang said as he left the bed and the room shortly after.

"Are we ready to leave?" Lian Li asked him after seeing him return.

"Yes. Let’s return to the Profound Blossom Sect for now." Su Yang nodded.

Sometime later, Su Yang brought Lian Li and Shi Yuchun back to the Profound Blossom Sect.

"Su Yang, you’re back already? That was much quicker than I’d anticipated." Liu Lanzhi said when he entered her room.

"I am only dropping off someone before I continue my business. This little girl here is named Shi Yuchun, and I picked her off the streets so that she can work at the Profound Blossom Sect." Su Yang introduced the little girl.

"You picked her off the streets?" Liu Lanzhi looked at them with wide eyes.

After a moment of silence, Liu Lanzhi asked, "I understand the situation... sort of. But what exactly do you want her to do in the Profound Blossom Sect?"

Su Yang then said, "I have realized this long ago but I never mentioned it since it doesn’t matter in our current situation, but the Profound Blossom Sect has no workers. The disciples are currently taking turns cleaning the sect and other miscellaneous things, but if we can hire normal people to do that, they’ll have more time to focus on cultivation instead."

"Hmm... Now that you mention it, we haven’t hired anybody to maintain the sect since our drama with the Million Snakes Sect..." Liu Lanzhi pondered.

A few more moments later, she nodded, "Okay, I will start hiring more workers to help maintain the sect starting today. And this little girl here can be our first worker."

"What should we do about their salary?" Liu Lanzhi then asked.

"I’ll let you decide on that."

Su Yang then turned to look at Shi Yuchun and said, "Starting today, you will be working for the Profound Blossom Sect. Your job is simply to help maintain cleanliness within the sect and other things once you are experienced enough. If you want to cultivate, the sect will provide you with resources so if you want to become a disciple in the future, you can simply just ask the Sect Master here."

Shi Yuchun nodded.

"Then I’ll be back later. I will be going to the Southern Continent now."

"See you later." Liu Lanzhi said to him.

"Goodbye, big brother."

Sometime later, Su Yang left the Profound Blossom Sect again with Lian Li and flew to the Southern Region.

Meanwhile, Liu Lanzhi said to Shi Yuchun, "Follow me, I’m going to assign you a living quarter and give you uniforms."

Shi Yuchun nodded.

A few minutes later, Liu Lanzhi gave one of the unoccupied buildings in the Outer Court to Shi Yuchun, dumbfounding the little girl who has never lived in such a big house before.

"I... I am going to live here?" Shi Yuchun asked Liu Lanzhi with clear disbelief written on her face.

"Yes, this will be your new home from now on." Liu Lanzhi nodded.

"I am very busy right now, so I will let one of the disciples give you a tour around the sect later. They can also tell you more about the Profound Blossom Sect. Until then, you can look around the house."

"Thank you, Sect Master." Shi Yuchun said to her.

"Don’t thank me, it was Su Yang who brought you here." Liu Lanzhi said with a smile on her face before leaving the place to find a disciple to accompany Shi Yuchun.

Meanwhile, in the Southern Continent, Su Yang stopped the flying boat directly above a familiar-looking place— the Boar Tribe.

"This is the Southern Region, where Sister Liangyu came from?" Lian Li looked around the almost desolate area with her interests intrigued.

"Yes," Su Yang nodded, and he descended directly inside the city, dumbfounding the people there.

Although the people there were startled by Su Yang’s sudden appearance at first, even mistaking him for an intruder, when they finally saw his handsome face and jadelike skin, they immediately recognized his identity.

"Y-You are! Our Savior!" The people there quickly gathered around Su Yang and Lian Li before kowtowing on the ground and praying to them as though they were gods.

"Stand up and bring me your chief. I want to speak with him." Su Yang said to them.

"Right away, Savior!"

A few moments later, a muscular man wearing clothes that stood out from the rest could be seen running towards their direction in a hurried manner.

"If my memories serve me right, you are Lebao." Su Yang looked at him with a calm expression on his face.

"That’s correct, Savior." Lebao did not kneel on the floor like everyone else but still lowered his head when speaking to Su Yang, as he knew very well the difference between them. "What brought you back to the Boar Tribe, Savior?"

"It’s nothing serious. I just want to see if you recognize any of the names on this list." Su Yang showed Lebao the list of ingredients.

A few moments later, Lebao shook his head and said, "Unfortunately, I don’t. Perhaps the Dragon Tribe might know something..." Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"I see... Thank you." Su Yang did not linger around the place and immediately went to the Dragon Tribe.

After Su Yang left, Lebao fell on the ground on his butt with his back soaked in sweat.

’Damn! Thank the heavens he left so quickly! I could hardly resist my emotions just now! Even though it’s been many months since Qin Liangyu left the tribe and I already have my own family, my heart still burns every time I am reminded of what happened on that day!’ Lebao sighed inwardly.

"I heard the Savior is here! Where’s the Savior?!"

The ladies that Su Yang had cultivated with appeared sometime later in hopes to see Su Yang again, but alas, they were too late to the scene and Su Yang was already long gone.