Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 779 Spiritual Root of Restoration

After leaving the Boar Tribe, Su Yang traveled to the Dragon Tribe, and despite their little drama previously, Su Yang remained calm and descended in the middle of their tribe.

"Intruder! We have an intruder!" Someone immediately shouted after Su Yang landed on the ground.

Very quickly, the tribesmen from the Dragon Tribe surrounded them with their weapons raised.

"Who are you?! Do you have any idea where you are?! You are trespassing into our Dragon Tribe’s territory! No, this is already considered as an invasion!" One of the warriors there shouted at them.

Su Yang glanced at this warrior and spoke in a nonchalant voice, "Where’s Chief Long? I want to speak with him."

"You haven’t answered my questions! Who are you?!" The warrior questioned Su Yang again, but he didn’t dare to do anything too aggressive, as the aura emitting from Su Yang and the goddess beside him was so immense that they were having trouble breathing.

Su Yang shook his head and retrieved his storage ring before pulling out a large black weapon.

"T-T-That’s the Black Dragon Axe! Why do you have our—" The place instantly turned silent, and the tribesmen there all looked at Su Yang with a terrified look in their gazes.

After a few seconds of awkward silence, another voice resounded there, "What’s with this commotion?! Where’s the intruder?!"

Chief Long’s voice could be heard loud and clearly from not far away.

The tribesmen there made a path between Su Yang and Chief Long, and when Chief Long saw Su Yang’s handsome face, he immediately fell on his butt with a terrified look on his face, looking like he was before the murderer who slaughtered his parents.

Chief Long could also feel a burning sensation in the arm that had been severed by Su Yang during their match before, almost like it was recalling the feeling it’d experienced on that day.

"Y-Y-You! What are you doing here?! My Dragon Tribe hasn’t approached the Boar Tribe since then, much less bother them! In fact, the Dragon Tribe never left our own territory since then!" Chief Long immediately began telling Su Yang how ’well-behaved’ the Dragon Tribe has been ever since their fight, fearing that he was there to kill them all.

"Calm down, I am not here to fight." Su Yang calmly approached Chief Long.

He then showed the list of ingredients to Chief Long and spoke, "Do you recognize any names on this list?"

"Uhh..."

Although he was dazed by the confusing situation, Chief Long took a look at the list regardless with an obedient look on his face.

A few moments later, Chief Long pointed to one of the names and said, "I-If I recall correctly, there is a family in the Desolate City that likes to collect the rarest resources in this world, and they’d obtained something with a similar name not long ago..."

Su Yang looked at the name Chief Long was pointing to—

"The Flower of Resurrection, huh?" Su Yang nodded. "I see, thank you."

"W-Wait!" Chief Long suddenly said as Su Yang turned around.

"What is it?" Su Yang stopped and looked at him.

"I also know a second name on the list! In fact, it’s even within the Dragon Tribe! And I am willing to exchange it for the Black Dragon Axe you’d taken from us!" Chief Long gritted his teeth afterward. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

There was a good chance that Su Yang might steal this treasure from him without returning the Black Dragon Axe to him, but Chief Long desperately wanted the Black Dragon Axe back so he had no other choice but to risk everything!

Su Yang raised his eyebrows when heard Chief Long’s words, and without any hesitation, he tossed the Black Dragon Axe at Chief Long’s feet and said, "Okay. If you really have one of the ingredients on this list, I’ll return the Black Dragon Axe to you."

"Eh? Really? You won’t go back on your words afterward?"

The results were so unexpected that Chief Long became doubtful. Surely, there must be some hidden agenda for Su Yang to return the Black Dragon Axe so easily.

"I will promise you that I won’t take the Black Dragon Axe from you afterward, so you can stop looking at me with those eyes. The Black Dragon Axe may be a powerful Heaven-grade treasure, but it’s useless in my hands. If you give me the ingredient, I’ll give you the Black Dragon Axe and even something extra."

After pondering in silence for a moment, Chief Long stood up and nodded, "Okay. I will trust you. Follow me back to my place."

A few minutes later, Su Yang and Lian Li followed Chief Long back to his home.

"Wait right here for a moment." Chief Long said to them before entering his home.

Half a minute later, Chief Long returned outside with a small wooden box and spoke, "We found this sometime last year by chance when we went out hunting. After doing some research, we have learned that it was called ’Spiritual Root of Restoration’. Hopefully, it’s the same one you’re looking for."

Su Yang accepted the wooden box and placed it in front of his nose before taking a few deep sniffs.

"Smells like the right ingredient." Su Yang nodded a few moments later, leaving Chief Long speechless.

If he was in Su Yang’s shoes, he would at least peek inside to make sure he wasn’t being fooled. After all, what if he wanted to fool Su Yang for revenge?

Sometime later, Su Yang retrieved his storage ring and tossed the Spiritual Root of Restoration into it before taking out a pill and giving it to Chief Long.

"T-This is?" Chief Long looked at the pill with an ominous feeling.

"Consume this pill and your limbs will regrow within a year."

"W-What?!" Chief Long exclaimed in a shocked voice. Does such a powerful pill really exist in this world?

"You don’t have to believe me if you don’t want to. I am not the one missing a limb." Su Yang shrugged as he tossed the pill at Chief Long in a nonchalant manner.