Chapter 786 - Lotus of Awakening

"I know you’re skeptical of our presence, but rest assured that we’re only here for the ingredients on that list. If you truly don’t recognize any ingredients on that list then we will leave peacefully. If you do recognize the ingredients or even have one of them, I am willing to exchange for it with my own treasures that will definitely not disappoint you." Su Yang said to them.

"Which part of ’don’t recognize’ do you not understand? I don’t care what kind of treasure you have! Get out of this place before I force you!" The middle-aged man shouted, looking unfathomably angry for some reason.

Seeing this, Su Yang shook his head and said, "I understand that our arrival has bothered your fun time in the bedroom, but there’s no need to be so angry. You can go ahead and continue your session. We can wait here until you’re finished."

"YOU LITTLE—!"

Just as the middle-aged man was prepared to explode, the beauty beside him extended her arm and blocked him from charging at Su Yang.

"Honey?! Why are you stopping me?!" He turned to look at her with a puzzled look.

She shook her head and said, "I won’t blame you for not realizing our situation because you’re only at the Heavenly Spirit Realm, but those people are experts that far surpasses even myself, especially that young lady with the silver hair. If you attack them, who knows what might happen to the Ning Family afterward..."

"W-What?!" The middle-aged man exclaimed in a shocked voice, and he turned to look at Su Yang’s handsome face with his body soaked in cold sweats.

The beauty then stepped forward and bowed to Su Yang, "Greetings, Seniors. This one is called Ning Menghua, and this short-tempered one beside me is my husband, Ning Hao. Since you are from the Eastern Continent, you probably don’t know us, but we’re the ruler of the Northern Continent."

"I hope you didn’t take offense just now regarding my husband’s attitude towards you, Seniors."

Su Yang silently looked at the beauty for a second before speaking in a calm voice, "We are the ones who intruded upon your territory and even disturbed your peace, so I fully understand."

"Thank you, Seniors. Now, regarding the ingredients on this list..."

Ning Menghua pointed at one of the names and said, "Not only do I recognize the Lotus of Awakening but it’s in our possession. However, it is also one of our most precious treasures, and we never even thought about letting it go, much less exchanging it for something else..."

Su Yang nodded and said, "Perhaps this will change your mind."

He then retrieved a scroll from his storage ring before tossing it to Ning Menghua.

"This is?"

Ning Menghua accepted the scroll and took a peek inside at the contents.

"T-This is!"

Her eyes widened a moment later, her expression filled with shock.

"W-What’s the matter? What is it?" Her husband Ning Hao was startled by her reaction.

"Take a look at it for yourself..." Ning Menghua handed the scroll to him a moment later before looking at Su Yang with a serious look on her face.

"T-This is a Divine-grade cultivation technique?!" Ning Menghua exclaimed in a shocked voice.

"That’s right. It’s a Divine-grade cultivation technique, and I am willing to exchange it for your Lotus of Awakening." Su Yang said to them with an enticing smile on his handsome face.

"..."

The Ning couple was speechless, as they were definitely tempted by this incredible offer. However, this offer also sounded too good to be true!

"Excuse me for doubting you, Senior, but we don’t know if this cultivation technique is real or not, as we have never seen a Divine-grade cultivation technique before, only having heard about it in legends." Ning Menghua said to him.

"I understand. Then I shall give you an entire week with the cultivation technique so you can see for yourself whether it’s real or not." Su Yang said to them.

"R-Really? You’ll let us cultivate it for a week?" Ning Menghua looked at him with a dazed expression. "Aren’t you afraid that we might not return it?"

Hearing her words, Su Yang smiled and said, "If that’s the case, I will simply take it back from you by force— including the Lotus of Awakening."

"I...I wouldn’t dare..." Ning Menghua trembled in fear after seeing the cold smile on Su Yang’s face. She was confident that if Su Yang wanted to take their Lotus of Awakening by force, he could achieve it even right now.

"Then do we have a deal? If the Divine-grade cultivation technique turns out to be real, you’ll exchange it with the Lotus of Awakening?" Su Yang asked them a moment later.

"Please give us a moment to talk about this, Seniors." Ning Menghua immediately began talking to Ning Hao about this exchange.

"What do you think? I am personally willing to exchange the Lotus of Awakening for this Divine-grade cultivation technique if it’s real. After all, we can only admire the Lotus of Awakening with no real use for it. This Divine-grade cultivation technique, however, will without a doubt change our lives!" Ning Menghua said. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Ning Hao nodded and said, "I also agree with you. I’d rather have the cultivation technique."

"Good, then it’s decided!"

Once they’ve come to a decision, Ning Menghua returned to Su Yang and said, "Thank you for your patience, Seniors. We have decided that we will be willing to exchange the Lotus of Awakening if this Divine-grade cultivation technique is indeed real."

"Very well. Then I shall return in a week to retrieve the Lotus of Awakening from you." Su Yang nodded.

"Please wait for a second, Seniors!" Ning Menghua suddenly stopped them as they were prepared to leave.

"What’s the matter?" Su Yang looked at her.

"If you don’t mind me asking, why do you need the Lotus of Awakening?" she asked him, as they haven’t been able to find a proper use for this treasure yet.

Su Yang smiled handsomely and responded in a calm voice, "It’s going to be a present for my woman."

"I... I see..." Ning Menghua nodded her head in a dazed manner, seemingly charmed by Su Yang just now.