Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Chapter 788 - Physical Abuse

"Since I am also somewhat of a Body Refiner myself, even though it’s been a while since I’d last trained my body, I’d love to see how I fare against another Body Refiner." Su Yang said as he stored the cursed treasure back into his storage ring.

"You... What kind of training do you do to obtain a body like that?" The old man asked him with a somewhat dumbfounded look on his face, seemingly envious of Su Yang’s divine body despite having a pretty admirable body himself.

"Me? I’m a Dual Cultivator," Su Yang said with a nonchalant expression.

"D-Dual Cultivator?!" The old man was fully shocked now. There was simply no way that a Dual Cultivator could achieve such a perfect body! One can only imagine how much time he must have spent in the bedroom to achieve such a refined physique!

After a moment of silence, the old man continued, "No weapons, no cultivation— only our physiques."

Su Yang nodded, "Sounds about right."

"And since I am the Senior one here, I shall let you strike first."

"Hahaha... I may look like this but I am actually much older than you imagine, young one." Su Yang laughed out loud.

"W-What?" The old man looked at Su Yang with wide eyes. How can someone at the Heavenly Spirit Realm be older than him yet remain such a youthful-looking appearance? Did he consume some sort of pill that alters his appearance?

"If you say so, then I will not be humble." The old man suddenly stood up and approached Su Yang.

Once he was standing before Su Yang, the old man pulled his fists back before punching Su Yang directly in-between his chest.

However, Su Yang did not move or even appear to have such thoughts and allowed the old man to punch him in the chest.

BOOM!

Su Yang was sent flying back from the impact, feeling as though he’d just been hit by a mountain.

"S-Su Yang!" Lian Li cried out loud in a shocked voice.

Because she has never seen this type of exchange before, it greatly confused her. Why did Su Yang allow the old man to hit him? Why didn’t he dodge it or at least try to block it?

"Don’t worry, I am fine." Su Yang said to her after he was sent flying, and he casually returned to his spot in front of the old man with a little blood coming from his lips.

After spitting the blood in his mouth out, Su Yang continued to speak, "This is how Body Refiners spar with each other. We will take turns hitting each other’s body until one of us can no longer endure anymore."

"Anyway, are you ready?" Su Yang asked the old man afterward.

"Give me your best shot."

The old man puffed his chest out in a prideful manner.

Su Yang smiled and pulled his fist back before sending it flying forward.

BOOM!

The old man’s chest caved inward when Su Yang punched him, and he was sent flying at top speed.

Splash!

The old man stopped moving many meters later, and he looked at the burning red mark between his chest with wide eyes.

"What a heavy punch! This young man is the real thing!" he mumbled in a dazed voice, yet his gaze was filled with excitement as he looked at Su Yang.

"HAHAHAHA! THIS IS IT! THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT MY BODY HAS BEEN CRAVING FOR! EXCITEMENT! PAIN! SATISFACTION!"

The old man roared as he flew back to his spot and punched Su Yang without stopping.

BOOM!

Su Yang was sent even further than previously.

"Don’t say it in such an obnoxious manner! People will misunderstand you!" Su Yang said as he returned a moment later, returning the favor by sending the old man flying again.

"AHAHAHAH!"

However, the old man didn’t care and continued to laugh as the two of them exchanged over a dozen punches.

"Heavens... I have never seen anything like this before..." Lian Li mumbled in a dazed voice as she watched Su Yang and the old man exchange blows like two maniacs who enjoyed torturing their own bodies.

Many minutes later, after exchanging over a hundred blows with each other, the old man finally kneeled on the surface of the water while panting heavily.

"I... I give up... Shit... This f.u.c.k.i.n.g hurts... I haven’t felt such pain in such a long time!" The old man breathed heavily, feeling most of the bones inside his body had either snapped or shattered into many pieces.

However, Su Yang was feeling the same, as he had multiple bones inside his body broken from the spar.

"Take this pill... It’ll heal your internal injuries..." Su Yang tossed a green pill at the old man before tossing one into his mouth and sitting down to cultivate the next moment.

The old man did not hesitate and also consumed the pill.

’What a powerful pill! Just who is this man?!’ The old man was shocked inwardly when he felt the intense effects of the pill that quickly healed all of his internal injuries, even restoring his shattered bones in a matter of hours.

A few hours later, Su Yang and the old man stood up almost simultaneously.

They approached each other with a serious look on their faces.

Once they were standing before each other, they firmly shook hands and said at the same time, "Good fight!"

"It has been many thousands of years since I’ve last participated in such a spar, mostly because I don’t like touching men even if it’s just training, but today is an exception!" Su Yang said with a smile on his face, feeling refreshed all over his body from the physical abuse he’d just received.

However, this physical abuse also improved his body’s sturdiness to a new level.

"Hahaha! It has also been a while for me! A little over 500 years to be exact since I’ve last experienced such pain! It’s really refreshing! I can now die peacefully!" The old man said with a smile on his face.