Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 790 - Ancestor Xian

Once Xian Ni dealt with the servants, he went to the meeting room and stormed inside without even knocking.

"Who dares to interrupt our meeting without knocking?! State your identity!" One of the people there shouted before even looking at Xian Ni.

However, Xian Ni ignored the guests in the room and looked directly at the middle-aged man sitting at the very end of the room, and he said, "Hey, this meeting is now halted. We have more important guests to entertain."

The middle-aged man’s jaw dropped to the floor when he saw Xian Ni, but the other guests still haven’t recognized Xian Ni just yet.

"Who the hell do you think you are?! That is His Majesty the Emperor you’re talking to!"

"I have never seen you before! Who are you?!"

"All of you shut the f.u.c.k up!" The middle-aged man suddenly roared, instantly silencing the room. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

He then stood up and walked in front of Xian Ni before bowing in a respectful manner.

"Welcome back, Ancestor."

"A-Ancestor?!"

The guests in the room immediately began sweating, feeling like they were being choked on by invisible hands.

"Xian Hantian, it’s been 200 years." Xian Ni said with a nonchalant look on his face.

And then he turned to look at the guests and said, "It only took 200 years for the Immortal Families to forget my face? I’ll be sure to visit your families in the near future to have a conversation with your ancestors if they’re still alive."

"P-Please have mercy! We had eyes but couldn’t recognize your excellence! We were wrong, Ancestor Xian!"

The guests in the room immediately got off their seats to kowtow on the floor.

However, Xian Ni ignored them and said to Xian Hantian, "Bring the rest of the family to the royal guest room. We cannot allow our guests to wait too long."

"Yes, Ancestor..." Xian Hantian nodded. However, he was inwardly shocked, as this is his first time seeing Xian Ni acting so impatient and even somewhat nervous. What kind of guests could possibly make their Ancestor act like this?

Once Xian Ni left the room, Xian Hantian turned to look at the people still kowtowing on the floor and said, "I would like to apologize for what happened today, as I am partially at fault too. As for the meeting, we’ll put it on hold for now."

Sometime later, Xian Hantian went to gather his family before heading to the royal guest room where Xian Ni was waiting.

"What is this about, father? You know that I am very close to my breakthrough..." One of Xian Hantian’s children said to him.

"If it wasn’t important, why would I have stopped my meeting to gather all of you? The Ancestor is back! And he wants all of us to meet some guests!" Xian Hantian explained to them as they approached the royal guest room.

"What?! The Ancestor?! How many years has it been since he last visited us? 100 years? 200 years?"

"The Ancestor only shows up whenever he feels like it, but every time he does, something big happens." Xian Hantian sighed.

"Who do you think these guests are? People from the Nine Immortal Families?" Another one asked.

"The Nine Immortal Families may be the largest families in the Western Continent only below our Xian Family, but they are nothing in our Ancestor’s eyes. I have already said this many times but the Ancestor is an unrivaled entity within the Western Continent— there is no family or sect that can stand up to him, much less a single person!" Xian Hantian said with admiration in his tone.

Sometime later, they arrived at the royal guest room, and Xian Ni was waiting outside for them.

"Greetings, Ancestor."

Everybody there greeted Xian Ni the moment they were close enough.

"Took you lots long enough. Come inside. I’ll introduce you to our guests."

Xian Ni opened the door and walked inside.

Xian Hantian followed him as did everyone else there.

Inside the room, Su Yang and Lian Li were casually sitting on the couch sipping tea while Xiao Rong was laying on the bed with her eyes closed.

"What’s this? You didn’t have to bring the entire family here," Su Yang said with a smile after placing his teacup down.

"Hahaha, no need to be humble. Allow me to introduce you to my family, fellow Daoist." Xian Ni said before turning to look at his own family with a sharp gaze.

Xian Hantian immediately stepped forward after seeing his threatening gaze and said, "I am Xian Hantian, the current emperor who governs the Western Continent."

After Xian Hantian’s introduction, the beautiful woman beside him stepped forward and said, "This humble one is Wei Wei, and I used to belong to one of the Nine Immortal Families before becoming a wife in this household."

After Xian Hantian’s wife’s introduction, the children stepped forward and introduced themselves. However, there were over a dozen of them, so that took some time.

Once everyone from the Xian Family introduced themselves, Su Yang said, "I am Su Yang from the Eastern Continent."

"The Eastern Continent?!" The Xian Family stared at him with wide eyes.

"I am Lian Li, and I came from the Holy Central Continent before following Su Yang."

"The Holy Central Continent!!!"

The Xian Family turned to look at her with even wider eyes.

Even Xian Ni was surprised by Lian Li’s introduction, as he’d thought that she was also from the Eastern Continent just like Su Yang.

"Anyway, I don’t know why that old man brought all of you here, but I am only looking for one thing— the Root of Revival," Su Yang said to them a moment later, and he continued, "Of course, I am not asking you to hand it over for free, and I am willing to exchange anything from this pile for it."

Su Yang then poured some of Qiuyue’s treasures onto the table, shocking everybody there.

"If you are not fond of these treasures, I can offer you cultivation techniques— Immortal-grade cultivation techniques and even Divine-grade cultivation techniques. Take all the time you need to think about my offer."

After ending his sentence, Su Yang casually picked up the teacup and began drinking tea again.