Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 798 - 24 Hours

One of the elders there appeared on the stage and wrapped some clothes around the female fighter a few seconds after she surrendered the match.

"How can you embarrass a young lady before so many people in public?" The elder shook his head at Su Yang.

However, Su Yang remained nonchalant and said, "You can’t say that I hadn’t warned her. Anyway, I am getting bored. Why don’t you send more than one participant onto the stage at a time? That will make things more fun and save us more time."

He then looked around the empty stage and said, "You can send in 50 participants at a time."

"F-Fifty fighters at a time?!" The elder exclaimed in a shocked voice.

"A-Are you sure?"

Su Yang nodded and said, "Yes, go ahead and send in 50 at a time."

"Let me speak with the Patriarchs first."

The elder said before leaving the stage and approaching the Patriarchs that were spectating them from their own area.

"What? He wants to fight 50 people at once?"

"Is he trying to save energy this way?"

"Even if that’s his intention, I also don’t feel like watching the same thing repeating over and over again for ten thousand times."

"I just want this to be over with... I am feeling uncomfortable just from being near his aura..."

"Hmmm..."

"Very well, then we shall let him fight fifty people at once. Perhaps one of them might even catch him off guard and secure us the victory."

A few moments after the nine Patriarchs came to an agreement, they announced their decision and the tournament’s changes to the audience.

"Su Yang from the Eastern Continent has suggested that we send in fifty fighters at once, and after some considerations, we have decided to agree! Therefore, starting this point, it will be one versus fifty!"

The crowd erupted with excitement after hearing this.

"One against fifty in a tournament?! I have never heard of this before, much less witness it!"

"Do you think this Su Yang is biting more than he can chew? He may be powerful, but fighting 50 Cultivators at once is simply too much! He will definitely exhaust his energy faster by doing this!"

"Who cares! At least I don’t have to sit through 10 thousand boring matches now!"

Sometime later, fifty fighters appeared on the stage and surrounded Su Yang.

Although they feared fighting Su Yang by themselves, since they were no longer alone, these fighters felt more comfortable and confident in facing Su Yang, allowing them to stand on the stage without shaking.

"You’ve dug yourself a hole by wanting to fight 50 of us at once!"

"If you think you can just send all of us flying at once to save spiritual energy, you’re dead wrong!"

The next moment, all fifty participants released their cultivation bases and created a thin barrier made of pure spiritual energy around their own bodies.

Su Yang smiled when he saw this, and he asked them, "If you think surrounding yourselves with spiritual energy will help you block my Spirit Qi..."

Su Yang’s gaze suddenly flashed with a violent flicker, and his Spirit Qi exploded outwards a split second later, assaulting all fifty fighters at once.

"What?!"

The fighters cried out loud when Su Yang’s Sword Qi engulfed their bodies like flames. However, instead of burning their bodies, the Sword Qi tore their spiritual energy shield and clothes to shreds, even giving them bloody cuts all over their bodies.

"Aaaaaah!"

Painful screams echoed in the colosseum, sending chills down the spectators’ spine.

A few seconds later, Su Yang retrieved his Sword Qi, and all fifty fighters collapsed with blood oozing from their bodies.

Su Yang then turned to look at the nine Patriarchs before speaking in a calm voice, "Don’t worry, they’re not dead. Hurry up and clean them up and send in the next fifty fighters."

The Patriarchs were left speechless after hearing Su Yang’s overbearing words. Does he intend on coloring the entire arena with his opponents’ blood?

A few moments later, a couple of works went onto the stage to carry the unconscious and n.a.k.e.d fighters off the stage.

Once another fifty fighters appeared on the stage, Su Yang repeated the same thing and instantly knocked out all of the fighters with his Sword Qi.

"T-This is ridiculous!"

One of the Patriarchs stood up from his seat and exclaimed.

"Send in the next fifty fighters! I don’t believe he can continue doing this! There must be a limit to how many times he can use that technique!" The Patriarch said, thinking that Su Yang was using some sort of powerful technique.

A few moments later, fifty more fighters appeared on the stage, but the expressions on their faces looked a bit weird, even fearful.

’Damn it! Why do we have to suffer like this?! Just so the Nine Immortal Families can obtain the Immortal-grade cultivation techniques?! What do we get?! This isn’t fair!’

The fighters on the stage cried inwardly, silently cursing the Nine Immortal Families.

However, to these fighters’ surprise, Su Yang did not immediately defeat them.

"I have another proposal," Su Yang suddenly said to the Patriarchs.

"What is it this time?" They frowned.

"Instead of sending fifty at a time, you can allow anyone who wishes to fight me to enter the stage and fight me whenever they want. I don’t care if a hundred, a thousand, or even all of them attack me at once. I’ll allow it. However, you will only have 24 hours to defeat me. If nobody defeats me in 24 hours, it’ll be considered my victory."

The nine Patriarchs looked at each other with raised eyebrows.

"While his suggestion looks very advantageous for us at glance, why is he giving us 24 hours? That’s a very long time."

"Right? If everyone attacks him at once, it could be over in just a few minutes. Why must he cripple himself by giving us so much time?"

"I don’t know, but it is very suspicious." Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

While the Patriarchs pondered, Su Yang said with a smile on his face, "Don’t worry, I don’t have any ulterior motives. The rules will remain the same. If 24 hours is too generous, let’s shorten it to one hour!"