Chapter 803 - Obtaining the Lotus of Awakening

After returning to the Northern Continent, Su Yang went directly to the Ning Family’s household.

Once they arrived at the place, Su Yang emitted some of his cultivation, creating a ripple that swept the place.

A few moments later, two familiar figures, Ning Menghua and her husband Ning Hao came outside to greet them.

"Welcome back, Seniors."

Su Yang nodded and said, "It’s been a week. Did you confirm whether or not the Divine-grade cultivation technique is real?"

Ning Menghua nodded her head and said, "Yes, we have confirmed that the technique is indeed real after testing it out for a week. Compared to the Immortal-grade cultivation technique that we’ve dedicated our entire lives to, the Divine-grade cultivation technique is on another level and at least twice as powerful and effective."

"Since you know that the technique is real, as promised, I will be taking the Lotus of Awakening in exchange for the cultivation technique now," Su Yang said to them.

"Of course. Please, follow me."

Su Yang nodded and followed them into the building.

A few minutes later, they arrive at this large garden somewhere in the courtyard.

"The Lotus of Awakening is a special treasure that cannot be harvested normally. Do you know how to harvest it, or should I bring in the expert who usually takes care of it?" Ning Menghua asked him after showing him the Lotus of Awakening that was planted in the middle of the garden and protected by a small formation.

"I can do it myself." Su Yang said as he casually walked in front of the Lotus of Awakening before squatting down and reaching for it with his bare hands.

"What?! Don’t touch it with your hands! The Lotus of Awakening will attack you!" Ning Menghua exclaimed in a startled voice after seeing what Su Yang was trying to do.

However, to her surprise, Su Yang managed to not only grab but also yank the Lotus of Awakening out of the ground as though it was special, almost like he was pulling out grass or something similar.

"Y-You... Are you okay? What about the Lotus of Awakening?" Ning Menghua asked him with a shocked expression on her face.

"Don’t worry, we’re both perfectly fine," Su Yang said to her with a smile on his face as he retrieved a wooden box and sealed the Lotus of Awakening inside.

"Now that this is done, let’s continue onto the next topic..." Su Yang suddenly said.

"Eh?" The Ning couple looked at him with wide eyes, as they don’t recall having another conversation besides the Lotus of Awakening. What did Su Yang want to talk to them about?

"This may be sudden, but your decision will affect the entire world," Su Yang said to them, and he continued, "I plan on connecting all five continents in this world together, allowing you to visit each other without needing to travel the Jade Sea, but I will need your permission. I have already gotten approval from the Western Continent’s rulers, and the Eastern Continent will also be participating in this."

The Ning couple stared at him with shocked expressions, clearly in disbelief.

"If you don’t want any visitors on your land, that’s completely fine. However, this is a limited-time offer that will expire once I leave, and there may never be another chance like this in the future."

After a moment of silence. Ning Menghua asked, "I-If you don’t mind me asking, how will this work? How can we travel to the other continents without crossing the Jade Sea? That seems impossible."

Su Yang nodded and then proceeded to explain to them about the teleportation formation.

"As long as you are willing to spend some spirit stones, these formations will take you to the other continents almost instantly with no risks."

"A-And how much do we need to pay you to create the teleportation?" Ning Hao asked him.

"I’ll do it for free if you agree," Su Yang quickly responded.

"R-Really? You’re willing to do something like this for free? Why? What are your intentions?" Ning Hao asked him, clearly suspicious of the whole situation. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"I am only doing this out of pity," Su Yang responded with an unexpected answer. "Five continents separated by the Jade Sea and without the ability to meet each other. I just feel like doing something about it."

"And like I’d said, this is optional, so if you don’t want to visit the other continents, I’ll just leave the Northern Continent out of it."

After pondering for a few moments, Ning Menghua spoke, "This will definitely change the world as we know it, and it is not something we can decide on alone, much less so quickly. Please give us some more time to think about it, since we must speak with the other families as well."

And she continued, "While we are the ruler of this continent, we do not own every piece of land in this place, and we must hear the other families’ opinions before we come to a conclusion."

Su Yang nodded and said, "Very reasonable. Then I shall return in a few months, giving you plenty of time to discuss and come to a conclusion with the others."

"Thank you for understanding," Ning Menghua bowed to him slightly.

Sometime later, Su Yang left the Northern Continent with Lian Li and Xiao Rong, returning to the Eastern Continent.

Meanwhile, the Ning Family immediately started contacting the other influential families to talk about what Su Yang had discussed with them— connecting all five continents together!

After returning to the Eastern Continent, Su Yang first stopped at Snowfall City to visit the Xie Family.

"Su Yang! How was your trip? Did you get any of the ingredients on the list?" Xie Xingfang asked him.

Su Yang nodded with a smile on his face, "Yes, we managed to obtain five of the nine treasures needed to create the Pill of Rebirth. It couldn’t have gone any better, and even I am surprised by the results."