Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 807 - Extreme Yin Qi

"Aaah~ Aaaah~ Aaaaaahhh!"

Lian Li m.o.a.ned loudly as Su Yang pounded her intensively on the bed whilst Xiao Rong slept a couple of inches away from them.

After a couple of hours of cultivation, Lian Li laid on the bed with an exhausted look on her face and her cave flowing with Yang Qi.

"Su Yang... If men can produce Extreme Yang Qi, does this mean females can also produce Extreme Yin Qi? What about me? Would I be able to achieve it?" Lian Li asked him afterward.

"Yes, of course. While you’ll require different methods and resources, the process remains the same. In fact, almost everybody in the Su Family has the ability to produce Extreme Yin Qi," Su Yang said to her, and he continued, "This is also related to what I talked about before."

"There are female dual cultivators out there who have reached impressive cultivation levels without having a partner, and some are even maidens." nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"W-Wait a second... How can one be a dual cultivator without cultivating?" Lian Li looked at him with a puzzled look on her face.

"As you already know, one can increase their cultivation much faster through dual cultivation because you have the assistance of another, and there are cultivators out there who wish to improve their cultivation quickly but without sleeping with people they don’t like."

"Therefore, they buy Extreme Yang Qi from powerful cultivators and use that to cultivate instead. Of course, this method of dual cultivation is extremely expensive, but that doesn’t stop people from going this route."

"There are also dual cultivators who practice ancient techniques that forbids them from dual cultivation so they have no choice but to cultivate in such a manner. These types of women are usually the ones who come to me for my Extreme Yang Qi, and in exchange, I would take their Extreme Yin Qi, since Yin Qi from a maiden is much more valuable than someone who’s already lost their first time."

"I see..." Lian Li mumbled in a low voice, her expression looking like she’d just experienced a whole new world.

"The dual cultivation world is much larger than what most people think or know, and there’s always something new or exciting, hence why I became a dual cultivator after spending a few hundred years cultivating normally," Su Yang said with a smile on his face.

"I don’t really recognize myself as a dual cultivator since I am only doing it with you, but can ordinary cultivators have Extreme Yin Qi?" Lian Li suddenly asked.

Su Yang nodded and said, "Of course. Not everyone in the family dual cultivates. In fact, most of them are ordinary cultivators. However, they all learned to produce Extreme Yin Qi for my sake since I mostly rely on their Yin Qi to cultivate."

"If you want to learn how to create Extreme Yin Qi, once we return to the Divine Heavens, there’ll be plenty of resources and instructions to help you."

"Okay." Lian Lin nodded.

After resting for a few hours, Lian Li suddenly reached for Su Yang’s little brother and rubbed it with an alluring smile on her face, her intentions clear.

A few moments later, they began their second session of dual cultivation.

Xiao Rong woke up during their second session, and she proceeded to watch them with an intensive gaze, almost like she was trying to study their actions.

Meanwhile, Ji Hong focused on writing his recommendation for Su Yang before sending it to the Lu Family for approval.

Of course, since the Ji Family is a very reputable family with countless connections due to their wealth, the Lu Family listened to Ji Hong and agreed to have a meeting with Su Yang, which was scheduled for next week.

After receiving the news, Ji Hong immediately went to notify Su Yang that the Lu Family was willing to meet him.

"The Lu Family agreed to meet you in a week, and I will be coming with you since I have some business with them as well." Ji Hong said to him.

Su Yang nodded and said, "You can knock on my doors whenever you’re ready to leave."

"I understand. Rest well, Senior." Ji Hong bowed to him before leaving the hallway and telling the guards to continue keeping watch of the place.

"Nobody is to be allowed in this area unless they get authorization from me— not even my own son! If he even dares to approach this place, I will give you permission to beat him up!" Ji Hong urged the guards to beat his son up if he tried anything funny, and the guards nodded their heads with excitement inside their hearts because they disliked the young master who always looked down on them.

’I hope that chubby bastard comes near this place! This will give me a reason to beat the shit out of him without getting into any trouble! I have dreamed of this day for a long time now!’ The guards cried with bliss inwardly.

Once Su Yang closed the doors, he removed his loose clothes and returned to cultivating with Lian Li while also extracting Yin Qi from Xiao Rong whenever she needed to rest, and they continued doing this for the entire week until Ji Hong knocked on their doors again so they could head to the Lu Family for their meeting.

"Wow... This is the longest cultivation session I’ve had with you, Su Yang... It’s an entirely different experience..." Lian Li said to him afterward, feeling sore and sensitive all over her body.

Su Yang chuckled and said, "Just wait until we start cultivating for months, even years at a time."

"Y-Years? Is that even possible?" Lian Li looked at him with wide eyes, as she could not imagine having s.e.x for so long at a time.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Once your body starts getting used to it, you’ll be able to cultivate for much longer while feeling like not much time has passed, especially when you’re an Immortal, and months will have passed before you even realize it."

"I see..." Lian Li nodded, feeling somewhat excited about it.