Chapter 809 - On The Verge of Death

"Thank you for having us here," Su Yang said to the Lu Family.

Lu Duhan nodded and said, "We can talk about your purpose here in a bit, but for now..."

He turned to look at Ji Hong and continued, "Have you brought the medicine here, Patriarch Ji?"

"Yes, I brought the medicine. It’s currently outside, waiting to be unloaded and transferred," said Ji Hong.

"Thank you, Patriarch Ji. You have no idea how much of a life-safer you are..." Lu Jin, the wife, suddenly said to him with a seemingly exhausted expression on her face, almost like she hasn’t gotten any sleep recently.

"Don’t even mention it. As long as it can help the young lady, I will do anything in my power to help out. Not to mention the Lu Family has helped us out a lot as well," Ji Hong responded with a smile on his face.

"Still... Thank you... I will have people unload the medicine for you."

Su Yang raised his eyebrows when he heard their conversation. Is the Lu Family’s daughter sick or something?

A few moments later, the Lu Family ordered some of their servants to go outside to unload the treasures in the carriage before bringing them into the room, placing them neatly on a table.

After seeing the medicine with his own eyes, Su Yang was positive that someone was sick and the Lu Family planned on using these medicines to heal them.

"Judging by the medicine here... Is someone poisoned?" Su Yang suddenly asked them, causing everybody there to look at him.

"Y-You can tell just by looking at the medicine? Are you a doctor by any chance?" Ji Hong asked him in a surprised voice.

"Yes, I know a thing or two about medicine, and I know of every recipe you can create with the medicine on this table with most of them related to poison." Su Yang said as he approached the medicine, and he continued, "So? What kind of poison is it?"

"M-My daughter was bit by an incredibly rare creature known as the ’Three Season Snake’ when she went to train in the woods." Lu Jin quickly answered.

"Three Season Snake?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows in a slightly surprised manner upon hearing this familiar name. After all, he’d treated someone that was also bitten by a Three Seasons Snakes shortly after he’d awakened his memories in this body when he was only an Outer Court disciple at the Profound Blossom Sect.

When Su Yang recalled the little girl who introduced Su Liqing who was Lan Liqing at that time, a smile appeared on his face, and he said, "You don’t need this much medicine to treat the Three Season Snake’s venom if it hasn’t been that long since the victim was poisoned. How long ago did this happen?"

"Three months ago..." Lu Duhan said to him.

"Three months ago? And you waited until now to treat her? I’m surprised that she isn’t dead already!" Su Yang said with a somewhat surprised face.

After all, when Qi Yue came to him for help, it’d only been about a month since she was poisoned, so he didn’t need the use of medicine to cure her.

However, since it has been three months since this person has been poisoned, the poison should have already spread throughout their body with this person already on the verge of death. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"W-Why would you say something like that?" Lu Jin asked him in a shaky voice, as Su Yang’s words had clearly struck fear into her heart.

Su Yang then explained to them the Three Season Snake’s poison and how it normally takes 3 months to kill a cultivator below the Earth Spirit Realm.

After his explanation, the Lu Family could be seen panicking.

"Oh no! What should we do?! The doctor that’s supposed to cure our daughter won’t be here until next week!" Lu Jin fell onto her knees and began crying in despair.

Lu Duhan suddenly turned to look at Su Yang and said, "E-Esteemed guest! Since you know so much about the Three Seasons Snake, you must know how to cure someone poisoned by one, right?! Do you think you can help us? We’ll definitely compensate you for your time and effort!"

"It’s definitely not my first time treating someone who has been poisoned by a Three Seasons Snake. Let me see the victim." Su Yang said to them.

"Right this way!"

The Lu Family then led Su Yang into another room where a young lady was writhing in her bed with a pained expression on her sweat-covered face.

Su Yang narrowed his eyes at this young lady’s face. Despite having black lines all over her face like cracks, her beauty remained apparent.

"She hasn’t slept in a week due to the pain from the poison..." Lu Jin sighed.

"We’ve had every available doctor try to relieve her pain, but alas, the only one who can most likely do something about this was treating another patient and could only start making his way here yesterday, hence why the delay..." Lu Duhan sighed.

"May I?" Su Yang asked.

"Please... Do whatever you must to help her..."

After approaching the bed, Su Yang grabbed the blanket covering the young lady and removed it, revealing her n.a.k.e.d body that was riddled with black lines across her body that pulsated like it had worms living inside.

"I can’t use my usual method like this— as she’s already on the verge of death." Su Yang said in a frown.

"WHAT?!" The Lu Family cried out in shock.

However, Su Yang ignored their commotion and spoke in a loud and clear voice, "Xiao Rong, bring me the medicine in the other room!"

Su Yang pulled out a cauldron from his storage ring as he spoke to Xiao Rong.

Xiao Rong disappeared from the place like a ghost and reappeared in the same spot a few seconds later with all of the medicine in her arms.

"Throw the medicine inside," said Su Yang as he summoned his alchemy flames, heating the cauldron almost instantly.

Xiao Rong nodded and tossed the medicine into the cauldron.

Not even a minute later, Su Yang retrieved the fire and then a green pill, dumbfounding everyone there.