Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 816 - Revealing His Identity

"Do any of you have any questions regarding the pills?" Su Yang asked the audience afterward.

Hands immediately began raising, and the people asked—

"When will the Heavenly Transcendence Pill be available for the public?!"

"How much will the Heavenly Transcendence Pill cost?"

"Where can we purchase the Heavenly Transcendence Pill?"

After the questions died down, Su Yang began answering them one by one.

"The Heavenly Transcendence Pill should be available to the public by next month. The price of the pill hasn’t been decided yet but we’ll let you know before we sell it."

"As for who’ll be selling the Heavenly Transcendence Pill— there will be four places authorized to sell this pill. The first one will be the Burning Lotus Sect. The second place shall be the Heavenly Swan Sect. The third place will be the Xie Family. And last but not least, the Profound Blossom Sect will also have these pills available!"

"What! So many places?!"

The people there were shocked, as they’d only expected the Burning Lotus Sect to be selling these pills as usual.

Hell, even Lord Xie was shocked to hear this information, since Su Yang never told him about it until today. However, the announcement definitely made him feel ecstatic and relieved at the same time. After all, if the Xie Family wasn’t allowed to sell these pills, their reputation and influence would drop dramatically whilst those who can sell these pills will immediately become a powerhouse, which might put the Xie Family in a troubled situation.

Meanwhile, Bai Lihua who was also within the crowd covered her opened mouth from surprise. The Heavenly Swan Sect will also have the ability to sell these pills? Their sect will be swarmed with guests in the near future!

Someone there suddenly asked, "Senior! How are the distributors selected? Will the other families or sects have a chance to sell these pills as well in the future?"

"I select the distributors with no special criteria in mind. In other words, it’s simply favoritism. As for whether there will be more distributors in the future, I shall let the Xie Family decide that."

After a moment of silence, Su Yang continued. "Now onto my second topic for today."

It was at this moment that Su Yang suddenly reached for the mask covering his face and removed it, shocking the audience there.

"T-That’s the Alchemy Master? Why does he look so young and familiar?"

"Wait a second! I recognize that face! That’s Su Yang from the Profound Blossom Sect!"

"What?! How is that possible?! I thought the rumors were false! That doesn’t make any sense! Su Yang may be a genius cultivator but that doesn’t explain his alchemy skills! There’s no way someone so young would have such vast experience in alchemy!"

"Heavens! It was true all along! I heard rumors that Su Yang from the Profound Blossom Sect was the alchemy master, but I didn’t believe it! He was too young, after all!"

Hearing the crowd’s reasonable doubts, Su Yang did not say anything, only taking out a cauldron and placing it on the platform.

"Look! What’s he doing?! Is he going to concoct a pill right now?!"

The people there immediately watched in silence, wondering what Su Yang would show them.

After opening the cauldron, Su Yang tossed the ingredients required for the Heavenly Ascendence Pill inside before activating his alchemy flames and quickly surrounding the entire cauldron.

When the elders from the Divine Nature Garden saw this, they stood up and exclaimed, "That technique is the same as the alchemy master! We were there when he crafted a pill at our sect right before our very eyes! I’m almost certain now that he’s really the alchemy master! But how can someone so young reach such a level?!"

By the time the sect elder from the Divine Nature Garden finished his sentence, Su Yang also finished concocting the pill, and he retrieved the Heavenly Transcendence Pill before showing it to the people there. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"If you are not convinced after this, then it is what it is. I won’t try to convince you any further, that’s all." Su Yang said in a nonchalant voice.

The place turned silent after Su Yang’s words, and they turned to look at each other with perplexed expressions on their faces, seemingly asking each other if they could trust Su Yang.

However, after witnessing Su Yang’s display of his alchemy skills, it was very difficult to not believe him. The only thing holding their belief back was his young age and background.

After all, alchemy masters normally have weaker cultivation bases compared to ordinary cultivators because they focus more on their alchemy skills than cultivating.

"Now onto the third topic for today, which is the main reason why I gathered all of you here today."

Su Yang swept the crowd with his gaze, and then he spoke in a slow but clear voice, "In three months, I will be breaking through to the Sovereign Spirit Realm, and when that happens, I will have a lot of excess Yang Qi that needs to be released, which means I will need a lot of cultivation partners, as I am a dual cultivator mainly."

"I am here to let you all know that if you know a female who is above the sixth level Profound Spirit Realm and would like to cultivate with me, they can find me at the Profound Blossom Sect in three months."

"And while I won’t be paying any of them directly, if they cultivate with me and absorb my Yang Qi, it will be enough for them to increase their cultivation by an entire realm with ease."

The people there stared at Su Yang with gawking looks on their faces, almost like they couldn’t believe what they’d just heard. His Yang Qi will help these women improve their cultivation base by an entire realm? How is that possible when even priceless treasures don’t have such a capability? It sounded more like a scam than anything else! After all, if one could so easily increase their cultivation like this, everybody would be a dual cultivator by now!