Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 817 - Who's the Father?

Su Yang didn’t react much when he saw the doubtful and perplexed looks on the audiences’ faces, as he was confident that once words spread about his Yang Qi, women would flock to the Profound Blossom Sect to cultivate with him.

"Remember, only those above the sixth level Profound Spirit Realm will be able to cultivate my Yang Qi. That’s all I have for now. Until next time." Su Yang said, and then he turned to look at Lord Xie and continued, "You can do whatever you want now. I will be returning to the Profound Blossom Sect."

Lord Xie nodded.

However, just as Su Yang prepared to leave, Xie Xingfang stood up and said, "Wait a moment, Su Yang!"

"Hm?"

Su Yang turned to look at her, as well as everyone there, and they all wondered what she wanted to say.

The next moment, to their surprise, Xie Xingfang removed her veil, revealing her otherworldly beauty as she flew to Su Yang, standing intimately close to him, raising many eyebrows.

Then Xie Xingfang loosened the large cloak that covered her figure, revealing her round stomach to the audience.

"W-What the...?"

The audience didn’t realize what they were looking at at first even when they saw her round stomach or maybe they just didn’t want to believe what they were seeing.

However, they eventually realized that Xie Xingfang was pregnant, which shocked everybody there off their seat.

"What?! Fairy Xie is pregnant?! How’s that possible?!"

"W-Who’s the father?! Why weren’t there any announcements or celebrations?!"

Even though many people there were puzzled, there were also many that could guess who the father was before Xie Xingfang had even announced it.

Xie Xingfang cleared her throat, immediately silencing the people and the place.

Once the place was completely quiet, Xie Xingfang continued, "I am here to announce something very significant to me— that I have joined Su Yang’s family, who is also the father to the twins that are currently growing in my stomach."

After Xie Xingfang’s announcement, the place remained silent, almost as though everyone there was left speechless by it, not to mention the disbelief on their faces, looking as though they’d just witnessed a ghost.

A few moments of awkward silence later, someone there finally clapped and said in a somewhat stiff voice, "C-Congratulation, Your Highness! Shall the Heavens bless your new family!"

Other people immediately followed after the first clap, and the area was quickly filled with cheering and congratulatory messages. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

While many people there felt that it was weird for someone as elegant and perfect as Xie Xingfang to partner up with a dual cultivator like Su Yang who has many partners, nobody there dared to complain at this moment.

After all, it made no sense why someone like Xie Xingfang, who can easily get any men in the Eastern Continent to marry her, would pick someone like Su Yang. While Su Yang’s shocking talents could somewhat explain why Xie Xingfang decided to pick him, it still felt weird to the people there.

Sometime later, Su Yang and Wang Shuren left the area, whilst the Xie Family remained a little bit longer to talk about the future of the Eastern Continent, even mentioning the teleportation formation that could forever change their world.

The people there were nervous at first after hearing that all five continents might be connected to each other in the future, but they started growing excited about the potential changes in their economy and business after Lord Xie explained to them how things will work out.

"The Eastern Continent and the Western Continent already has a teleportation formation, and we are just waiting on the other three to decide." Lord Xie explained to them the situation.

The gathering ended shortly later, ending quicker than most people there had expected.

As the people began returning to their own places, everything that had occurred in the gathering spread through the continent like wildfire.

While it was already known by many people that Su Yang was the alchemy master because of the Xiang Family spreading the rumors, it was only a rumor in the end without any confirmation. Now that Su Yang had personally announced it, they were more inclined to believe it.

However, what shocked the people even more than Su Yang’s identity reveal was his announcement about finding cultivation partners and Xie Xingfang’s announcement.

"Heavens! He’s going to break through to the Sovereign Spirit Realm at such a young age?! He was only at the early stages of the Heavenly Spirit Realm a year ago during the Regional Tournament! How does he increase his cultivation so fast!?"

"If dual cultivation is truly that heaven-defying, I too shall become a dual cultivator!"

"Hah! You want to become a dual cultivator? Good luck finding a partner with your face!"

Meanwhile, the female cultivators began wondering if they should cultivate with Su Yang.

"What do you think? Will we really be able to increase our cultivation by an entire realm if we cultivate with him?"

"Who knows, really. It sounds too good to be true, but if you consider his status and talents... There’s no reason for someone like that to lie to the entire world."

"If he can reach the Sovereign Spirit Realm at such a young age, I wouldn’t doubt his words at all! If he says that our cultivation will improve by a whole realm, I’ll believe it!"

"Does this mean you’ll be cultivating with him?"

"I sure am!"

"Let us know the results afterward! If it’s real, I’ll also cultivate with him even if I have to give up my maiden status for it!"

While some people spoke about Su Yang’s massive cultivation session, others spoke about Xie Xingfang’s relationship with Su Yang and her pregnancy.

"Can you believe it?! Fairy Xie has been i.m.p.r.e.g.n.a.t.ed by that Su Yang!"

"What?! The dual cultivator from the Profound Blossom Sect?!"

"Aaaaah! I am f.u.c.k.i.n.g envious of that f.u.c.ker Su Yang! He’s already surrounded by beauties! Why does he have to take our Fairy Xie as well?! When will he be satisfied?!"

"You think you’re the only one who’s feeling envy right now? I’m pretty sure half of the men in the Eastern Continent are grieving in sorrow now..."