Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Chapter 822 - Giving Birth

"Do you want to do it now? We still have a few days until Xing’er gives birth, after all." Su Yang said.

However, Qiuyue shook her head and said, "I can wait until we return to the Profound Blossom Sect. After all, this is her moment."

Su Yang nodded, "Let’s get back for now, shall we?"

Qiuyue then followed Su Yang back to the room with everybody else.

Once they returned, Qiuyue cleared her throat loudly, almost like she was demanding the others’ attention.

When everybody in the room stopped talking and looked at her, Qiuyue spoke, "I haven’t really introduced myself before, so I would like to take this time to do so..."

After taking a deep breath, Qiuyue continued, "My name is Qiuyue, and as some of you already know, I came from the Divine Heavens— the same place Su Yang came from. I used to belong to the Sacred Moon Palace, but I left that place after some complications. I apologize if I come as cold or arrogant, but I am just not really good at expressing myself. If you have any questions for me, I’ll try my best to answer them..."

The place turned dead silent after Qiuyue’s sudden introduction, as none of them had expected this from her, who was usually elusive and hard to approach.

However, after their initial surprise, the ladies in the room began bombarding Qiuyue with questions that they have been wondering about for the longest.

"Sister Qiuyue— Can we call you Sister Qiuyue? What is your cultivation?" Zhu Mengyi was the first to ask her.

Qiuyue nodded and said, "I am currently in the Divine Lord Realm..."

"Divine Lord Realm? How much stronger is that compared to the Sovereign Spirit Realm?" Lian Li asked.

"Three realms above the Sovereign Spirit Realm."

"Three realms?! Heavens! I knew you were strong, but I didn’t think you were this powerful! As expected of the Immortal Fairy!" Zhu Mengyi expressed her admiration.

"My cultivation isn’t anything impressive... Although it may sound a lot to you, I am no different than an ant in front of the real experts in the Divine Heavens, especially for someone at my age..." Qiuyue sighed.

And she continued, "Because of the low quality of Profound Qi in this world, my cultivation base will not progress no matter how much I cultivate, and even if I consumed all of the treasures in this world, my cultivation won’t advance by that much. Therefore, my cultivation came to a halt, and I am in a truly pathetic spot right now."

"D-Don’t say that, Sister Qiuyue. I’m sure that your cultivation will soar once you return to the Divine Heavens..." Zhu Mengyi said.

"She’s right, Qiuyue. Once we return to the Divine Heavens, you’ll quickly return back to your pace." Su Yang said.

A few moments later, someone there asked, "What’s the Sacred Moon Palace? That sounds like a very powerful place."

"The Sacred Moon Palace is an isolated world where my people, also known as the Moon Clan, live. We all have a unique bloodline that allows us to cultivate faster during the night, especially when the moon is out." Qiuyue said.

"And while the Sacred Moon Palace is a formidable power within the Divine Heavens, it’s nothing compared to the real titans such as Sister Lingxi’s Asura God Clan, who can easily crush us like ants if they wished."

Some people there wanted to ask Qiuyue why she left the Sacred Moon Palace, but they tossed away that idea when they heard her somewhat solemn voice when speaking about the place.

"I’ll let you ladies talk. I’m going to make sure I have everything prepared for the delivery."

After Su Yang left the place, the ladies continued talking with Qiuyue talking about her background mostly.

Time passed quickly, and before they were aware, five days had passed.

"Ah!" Xie Xingfang suddenly released a painful cry, startling the others there.

"A-Are you okay, Sister Xingfang?" Sun Jingjing, who was the closest to her, asked in a nervous voice.

"I-I think my water just broke..." Xie Xingfang said.

However, before anybody there could even call for help, like a ghost, Su Yang entered the room with a serious look on his face.

The ladies there quickly left Xie Xingfang’s side to give Su Yang space.

"Su Yang... I think I am now..."

Xie Xingfang looked at him with a nervous look on her face.

"I know. You don’t have to say anything. Here, eat this pill. It’ll relieve the pain." Su Yang hand-fed her a small black pill that was the size of a pinky’s fingernail.

A few seconds after consuming this pill, Xie Xingfang could feel her pain lessen, but it didn’t take away the pain entirely.

Immediately after feeding Xie Xingfang the pill, Su Yang removed the blanket covering her, and sure enough, there was a puddle of water underneath her.

"Spread your legs and push when I tell you to." Su Yang said to her.

Xie Xingfang nodded with her forehead covered in sweat.

Su Yang then covered his fingers with spiritual energy before poking at specific spots on her body.

Immediately after the 100th poke, Xie Xingfang felt as though all of the pain in her body vanished.

"Go ahead and push." Su Yang said.

Xie Xingfang nodded and began pushing.

Meanwhile, the others watched in the background with horrified looks on their faces, especially those who have never given birth or never witnessed it happening before.

"Heavens... How does something so big even come out of our holes? Can they really stretch that much?" Sun Jingjing mumbled, feeling a quiver just imagining herself in Xie Xingfang’s position right now.

"Look! The head’s already out! How fast! When I gave birth to Zhu Jiayi, it took much longer!" Zhu Mengyi exclaimed in a low voice with Zhu Jiayi in her arms.

A couple of minutes later, the first baby was fully pushed out, and Su Yang used his Sword Qi to cut the umbilical cord.

"Waaa! Waaa! Waaah!"

After wrapping the crying baby girl in a towel, Su Yang handed her to Xie Xingfang before proceeding with the second delivery.