Chapter 827 - Something They've Never Seen Before

"Haaa... haaa... haaa..." Qiuyue breathed heavily as she laid on the bed with the sunlight basking her beautiful n.a.k.e.d body, the sweat on her body glistening like crystals.

"How are you feeling?" Su Yang asked her while he stood by the window, his body completely n.a.k.e.d as well.

"Besides feeling sore all over my body and the gaping hole in my butt, I am feeling perfectly fine. The curse didn’t activate as Sister Tangxi said," she responded.

"That’s relieving." Su Yang nodded.

After a moment of silence, Qiuyue spoke, "What’s going to happen to us now?"

"What do you want to happen?" Su Yang asked her in response with a smile on his face.

"I..."

Qiuyue opened her mouth only to close it again a second later, and she began pondering what she really wanted.

Sometime later, she said, "I want to continue to spend time like this with you... forever."

"Of course. I would like that as well." Su Yang immediately responded, the smile on his face growing wider.

He then approached her on the bed and gave her a gentle kiss on the lips. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Get some rest. I’ll be busy with other things," he said afterward.

"You really have unlimited stamina... How do you still have the energy to walk after almost a week of that and with barely any rest at that?" Qiuyue couldn’t help but smile.

Su Yang chuckled and said, "Most of the time, it’s my will and spirit that keeps me going. I may have more stamina than your average folks, but I also get tired too, you know?"

Sometime later, Su Yang left the room to let Qiuyue rest.

As he made his way back to his own room, he bumped into Wu Jingjing.

"Su Yang! How did it go with Sister Qiuyue... Oh, never mind..." Wu Jingjing halted her sentence midway and chuckled after she noticed the wide smile on Su Yang’s face, looking like a child who just got what he wanted for his birthday after waiting for so long.

"Where are you going now?" She changed her question.

"I had spent more time with Qiuyue than I had anticipated, and I still need to concoct those pills, which is what I’ll be doing now," he replied.

"Okay." Wu Jingjing nodded.

A few minutes later, Su Yang went to find Liu Lanzhi.

"Welcome back, Su Yang. Do you need something?"

"Yes. Can you have the disciples assist me with something? I need some cauldrons to be moved to a spacious area so I can concoct pills. In the meantime, I’ll be gathering some people."

"How many cauldrons do you need to be moved?" Liu Lanzhi then asked.

"All of it." Su Yang said with a smile.

"A-All of it...?" Liu Lanzhi repeated in a surprised manner.

"Yes. It’ll take forever to concoct so many pills if I only use one cauldron at a time."

"I understand. I’ll notify the disciples that are free right now."

"Thank you. Then I will be right back."

Sometime later, Su Yang left the Profound Blossom Sect and headed to the Heavenly Swan Sect to meet with Bai Lihua.

"What’s the matter, Su Yang?" Bai Lihua asked him, as this was an unexpected visit.

"Come with me. I have something to show you."

Bai Lihua nodded her head, not even bothering to question him about the situation.

After picking up Bai Lihua in his flying ship, Su Yang went to the Divine Nature Garden.

"Master Su Yang!" Senior Zeng greeted him.

"Come with me. I have something to show you." Su Yang repeated what he said to Bai Lihua to Senior Zeng.

"Okay."

Just like Bai Lihua, Senior Zeng did not question Su Yang’s intentions and dropped everything he was doing to follow him.

A few minutes later, they arrived at the Profound Blossom Sect.

After descending, Su Yang said to Senior Zeng, "Go get the other two disciples. I’ll be right back."

At the end of his sentence, Su Yang left the Profound Blossom Sect once again, this time heading to the Burning Lotus Sect to meet with Wang Shuren, who was practicing her alchemy in her pill room.

"Su Yang! Just give me a few more minutes and I’ll meet you in the bedroom," said Wang Shuren the moment she saw him.

"I’m here for something else today so we’ll have to do that another time. After all, there are people waiting for us." Su Yang said.d

"Who’s waiting for us? And what are we doing?" Wang Shuren asked.

"We’re going to the Profound Blossom Sect with the rest of the disciples. I’m going to show you something none of you have seen before," he said.

"Hoh? That’s a bold claim." Wang Shuren said with a smile, and she continued, "Okay. Let me finish here and we can—"

Before Wang Shuren could even finish her sentence, Su Yang activated his alchemy flames and surrounded the cauldron Wang Shuren was working on, mixing his flame with her flames.

"T-This is..."

Wang Shuren stared at the cauldron with a shocked look, and before she could even speak, Su Yang helped her finish the pill.

"You can do something like this?! You just entered the room! How did you know my progress with the pill? How can you achieve such a feat so flawlessly and casually?!" Wang Shuren asked him afterward.

"It’s not too difficult, really. You’ll be able to do the same in a few years."

"Really?" Wang Shuren’s eyes flashed with excitement.

"Yes, especially if you have the God of Alchemy teaching you." Su Yang smiled.

Sometime later, Wang Shuren followed Su Yang to the Profound Blossom Sect where everyone else was waiting.

"Su Yang, the preparations are ready. They placed the cauldrons at the gathering area." Liu Lanzhi said to him.

"Okay. Thank you. You can come as well if you’d like. It won’t take too long." Su Yang then said.

"Okay." Liu Lanzhi immediately nodded, as she was curious what he was going to do with so many cauldrons.