Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 828 - Unfathomable Alchemy Skills

Sometime later, Su Yang led Liu Lanzhi and his alchemy disciples to the gathering area where exactly 100 cauldrons were placed in an orderly fashion.

Wang Shuren raised her eyebrows in a puzzled manner when she saw this, wondering what Su Yang was going to do with so many cauldrons setup.

"Su Yang, are you going to hold an alchemy competition with so many cauldrons?" Senior Zeng couldn’t help but ask him, as this setup and scenery are usually seen during competitions.

"Just watch and you’ll understand."

Su Yang then stopped walking and said, "You guys should stay here. It might get a little dangerous."

Wang Shuren and the others nodded their heads and stood there while Su Yang took a seat in front of these cauldrons.

He then closed his eyes and began cultivating.

A few minutes later, Su Yang slowly opened his eyes, and he proceeded to stand up.

Afterward, Su Yang took a deep breath, and he mumbled in a low voice, "Hundred Cauldron Flame Technique..."

WHOOSH!

A massive amount of alchemy flames suddenly appeared and ushered forward like a tidal wave, submerging the cauldrons in a fiery sea of alchemy flames.

Wang Shuren and the others’ jaw dropped upon seeing this, but alas, it was just the beginning.

The fiery sea slowly declined until it looked like the cauldrons were bathing in it.

Su Yang took another deep breath, and he proceeded to keep the alchemy flames like this for a few moments until all 100 cauldrons were at the same temperature.

The moment the cauldrons were prepared, Su Yang retrieved the storage rings and proceeded to toss the exact amount of ingredients into each cauldron with his spiritual energy before closing the lid on the cauldrons at the exact same time, concocting 100 pills simultaneously.

"I-Impossible... What kind of alchemy is this?" Senior Zeng mumbled in a dazed voice, clearly in disbelief.

Even Cai Yan and Luo Yixiao watched with their eyes wide as saucers and their jaws touching the ground from shock. They simply couldn’t believe that they were witnessing.

"Su Yang... You..."

Wang Shuren and Bai Lihua were rendered speechless by Su Yang’s showcase of alchemy skills that could only be described as godly and incomprehensible.

It was already shocking enough that Su Yang could concoct a pill in under a minute, but they could have never imagined that he would be able to concoct 100 pills at once!

However, their shock did not end there.

A few minutes later, Su Yang removed the lids with his spiritual energy before taking out the pills.

When the spectators saw how many pills were coming out of each cauldron, they realized that Su Yang was not just concocting 100 pills at once— he was concocting 1,000 pills at once with 10 pills in each cauldron! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"This... What... How..."

The spectators were so shocked that they’d forgotten how to speak momentarily.

After putting the pills into a pill bottle, Su Yang turned to look at the spectators and said to them with a smile on his face, "What you’ve just witnessed is the peak of alchemy. Of course, it’s just a showcase of skills and not actually what the peak actually looks like."

Compared to his Alchemy Master, the God of Alchemy, who has the ability to use one million cauldrons at once and concoct over 100 million pills in a single session, what he’d just done was nothing but child’s play.

However, in the eyes of Wang Shuren and the other alchemy disciples, what Su Yang did was already beyond their understanding and realm of possibility.

"I would’ve shown you this earlier, but due to my lacking cultivation base, I could only show it now. However, even now, I cannot do this for long due to how much spiritual energy it takes to manage the alchemy flames," said Su Yang a moment later.

"Any questions?"

Obviously, they had questions— plenty of them at that. However, even if they asked these questions, it was not like they would be able to replicate what Su Yang did even if he answered these questions; it was simply an unachievable feat for them even in a million years.

"Don’t be shy. I know you have questions for me." Su Yang urged them, and he continued, "After all, I am probably the only person in this world who would be able to answer your questions right now."

The disciples exchanged glances with each other, and they proceeded to bombard Su Yang with questions.

"Where did you learn to do such a thing?" Senior Zeng asked him.

"How long did it take for you to master this technique?" Cai Yan asked him.

"Do you think I will be able to do the same thing in the future? Ten... No, even if it’s just two or three cauldrons at once, do you think I can concoct more than one pill at once?" Luo Yixiao asked.

"I learned it from a very good friend of mine who’s not in this world, and it took me longer than what I would like to admit. As for whether you can do it or not... of course. You’re my disciples."

"Although it may take you years, even decades of practice, you’ll eventually learn how to do it if you continue taking my lectures."

The disciples nodded with a resolute look on their faces.

"Anyway, I am going to continue doing this until I use up all of the ingredients. You can stay here to watch if you’d like. You might even learn something from it."

Thus, Su Yang returned to concocting pills in the same manner after taking a break to recover his spiritual energy, and he would do this for the entire day.

By the end of the day, Su Yang had concocted over 100,000 pills after repeating the process a hundred times.

"No matter how many times I see it, I am always left astounded and speechless. Just how vast is the Dao of Alchemy? What else is there that I have yet to experience?" Wang Shuren mumbled to herself, wondering how far she could walk in this path.