Chapter 831 - Announcing His Depature

After spending a few days with Xie Xingfang and their children, Su Yang returned to the Profound Blossom Sect to prepare for the upcoming breakthrough.

However, the moment he arrived at the Yin Yang Pavilion, Liu Lanzhi approached him and said, "Su Yang! The disciples have been bombarding me ever since they found out that you’ll be leaving this world in less than a year!" Liu Lanzhi said to him in a somewhat panicked voice.

"Why did you announce that to the world? Now everybody knows you’ll be gone soon! That might give people bad ideas if it hasn’t already!"

After all, if people knew that Su Yang will be gone from the Profound Blossom Sect, they could plan to mess with them after he leaves since there’ll be nobody else to protect them.

However, Su Yang shook his head and said, "Trust me, it won’t matter even if the entire world knew of my departure, and it’s not something that can be hidden forever. Eventually, people will find out that I am no longer in this world."

"It may not feel like it, but currently, the Profound Blossom Sect is one of the top powers in the Eastern Continent if not the entire world, and we have support from many other top sects and families."

And he continued, "Not even mentioning our Alliance with the Heavenly Swan Sect, Burning Lotus Sect, and the Xie Family, we also have the Divine Nature Garden that will be indebted to us forever as well as other powers from the other continents. These past few months, I have been tightening our relationsh.i.p.s with each other, and it’s at the point where even if I leave now, nobody would be able to hurt the Profound Blossom Sect."

"Furthermore..." Su Yang suddenly lifted his hand and pointed at her.

"There’s also you, the Sect Master of the Profound Blossom Sect. As long as you lead the sect, everything will be fine. I’m sure of it."

Liu Lanzhi was left speechless after hearing Su Yang’s words.

"Anyways, gather the disciples. Since they already know I’m leaving, I might as well give an official statement." Su Yang suddenly said a moment later.

"I... I understand..." Liu Lanzhi nodded her head and immediately summoned every single disciple in the sect using her jade slip.

An hour later, every single Profound Blossom Sect disciple gathered in the Outer Court, filling the gathering area to the brim.

"This is probably about the Sect Master leaving this world. Do you think it’s true?" One of the disciples there mumbled.

"Who knows. I hope it’s not true since it’ll be a devastating loss for the sect and the female disciples if the Sect Master leaves this world, as this means we’ll no longer be able to feel his touch ever again..."

"At least we managed to embrace him before he left... Can you imagine what the Junior Disciples must be feeling? Many of them won’t be able to embrace him at all because they’re still too young! And by the time they become a.d.u.l.ts, the Sect Master will be long gone!" Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Luckily for me, I became an a.d.u.l.t last month and gave my Pure Yin Essence to the Sect Master..."

Sometime later, Su Yang appeared in the area, and he hovered above the gathering area and the disciples so they could all see him properly.

"Thank you all for gathering here despite the short notice," Su Yang said to them after taking a deep breath.

And he continued, "As all of you may have heard by now, I will be leaving this world in about a year, and it’s true. I won’t stay in this world for much longer."

"Aaaah! So it was true after all!"

"Nooo! Sect Master! Don’t leave us!"

A commotion immediately erupted at the place with many of the female disciples there crying out loud after Su Yang confirmed that the rumors were indeed true.

"Please, don’t leave us, Sect Master! My body needs you!"

"Sect Master, please reconsider! I still need two years before I can cultivate! Or... Or make an exception so the Junior Disciples can cultivate with you before you leave!"

Su Yang hovered in the air with a nonchalant look on his face as hundreds of disciples pleaded him to stay in the sect, but alas... that was not possible.

However, Su Yang did not say anything and allowed the disciples to cry to their hearts’ content.

Once the place began quieting down again, Su Yang cleared his throat and said in a calm voice, "I understand your feelings very well as I also wish to stay here, but there are things I must do in the Divine Heavens, so I cannot stay here."

"Sect Master! Will we get to see you ever again?!" Someone there suddenly asked him.

Su Yang shook his head and said, "Unfortunately, I cannot answer that question because even I do not know if I will ever come back. Of course, I will definitely try to return to this place once I accomplish all of my goals, but whether I’ll be able to return to this world or not after I leave this place is still unknown."

"Sect Master... do you really have to leave?" Another disciple then asked him in a timid voice.

"Yes, I do." Su Yang nodded with a serious look on his face.

After a moment of silence, Su Yang continued, "Therefore, starting from this point forth and until it’s time for me to leave, I will spend almost every day cultivating with you."

"W-What about us, the Junior Disciples, Sect Master?!" One of the Junior Disciples there suddenly asked, and everybody there turned their heads to look at the young disciple who just spoke, and to their surprise, this Junior Disciple was Qi Yue, who was only two years away from becoming an a.d.u.l.t.

Su Yang looked at Qi Yue with an apologetic smile on his face, and he said, "I’m sorry, but it’s against the sect rules and I cannot ignore the rule just because I am the Sect Master. Furthermore, I cannot cultivate with someone underaged. I know it sucks, but there’s really nothing I can do in this situation."