Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 835 - Yang Pagoda

After hearing Su Yang’s words, Lu Lifen nodded with a guilty expression on her face.

A few moments later, they entered the house and began cultivating.

"Ahhhh~ Aaaah!"

Almost as though she forgot about their awkward situation not long ago, Lu Lifen m.o.a.n.e.d to her heart’s content, clearly very satisfied and absorbed in their dual cultivation.

About three hours later, Lu Lifen laid on the bed with an exhausted expression on her face, and she mumbled as Su Yang got off the bed, "I’m sorry, Su Yang..."

"I thought I loved you... I truly did... but our session just now proved myself wrong and that the thing I truly loved was your techniques— not the person himself." Lu Lifen suddenly began sobbing on the bed.

"You don’t have to feel guilty about anything— it’s a common occurrence for those who cultivate with me, especially when it’s their first time. Sometimes I tell myself to do the b.a.r.e minimum so you girls won’t experience these confusing feelings, but I also cannot bear to half-ass dual cultivation since I do it with pride and passion."

"Although this may sound hypocritical of me, I want my partners to experience the best of what their bodies can possibly endure, even if that might cause some misunderstandings..." Su Yang sighed.

"No... please, don’t blame yourself, Su Yang. I am truly glad that you’re treating us like this, and while I can’t speak for the other girls, I believe we all share similar thoughts, so please, continue doing your best." Lu Lifen said to him.

Su Yang nodded his head, and he left the place shortly after, continuing to his next appointment.

Time passed quickly, and the day of Su Yang’s breakthrough to Sovereign Spirit Realm was fast approaching.

During these few weeks, Su Yang cultivated with every disciple in the sect more than three times, including his own family members.

Of course, this meant that Su Yang had barely any breaks of rest for himself, as he would hop from house to house, cultivating with disciples without stop.

"What’s the matter, Su Yang?" Liu Lanzhi looked at him who just entered her room.

"I’ll be attempting my breakthrough in three days, so for these next three days, I’m going to rest and prepare myself for the breakthrough." Su Yang said to her.

"It’s that time already? Heavens... Time passes by so fast nowadays..." Liu Lanzhi said with a surprised look.

And she continued, "I understand. I’ll make sure the disciples don’t bother you until then. What about the people waiting outside the sect? Should we just let them keep waiting? They have been waiting outside for weeks now... Well, at least the people in the front."

Ever since Su Yang announced his need for dual cultivation partners, female cultivators from all over the Eastern Continent traveled and gathered in front of the Profound Blossom Sect with some of them even camping outside like it was a camping trip.

If one looked outside the Profound Blossom Sect from inside the sect, they would be able to see a sea of people in the front of the entrance that stretched miles into the distance. Hell, if one looked closely, they would still be able to see the line at the end of the horizon!

For this reason, the sect elders guarding the gates had closed the gates and began guarding the gate from the inside until further notice.

Su Yang pondered for a moment before nodding his head and speaking, "You can start letting them in. However, let them inside one by one so the sect doesn’t overflow. It’d be for the best if they made a single file line to the Yang Pagoda, where I’ll be spending the next three days resting."

Liu Lanzhi nodded. "I’ll handle everything, you can rest assured and relax until it’s time for your breakthrough."

Su Yang left the Yin Yang Pavilion shortly after and went to this Yang Pagoda that was newly built just for Su Yang’s breakthrough, even being named after him.

It was a spiraling pagoda that had exactly nine floors with the first eight floors completely empty and the ninth floor a massive bedroom with the most luxurious bed available in this world. In fact, this bed was made of priceless treasures that will boost the cultivation of those who cultivate on it, and it was large enough to fit a dozen people on it at once and still have plenty of room to move around.

Su Yang had this bed specifically made for his breakthrough, even asking the Xie Family to gather as the treasures for him. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

The bed took almost two weeks and one hundred spirit stones to build, making it the most expensive bed in this world, but in the end, it was well worth it— at least in Su Yang’s eyes.

After reaching the ninth floor in the Yang Pagoda, Su Yang sat on the floor and retrieved the Hellfire Seed.

"The Hellfire seed will help me breakthrough to the Sovereign Spirit Realm, but that’s not enough. I also want it to enhance my Yang Qi so I can begin cultivating my Extreme Yang Qi which will be helpful when I return to the Divine Heavens." Su Yang mumbled to himself.

A few moments later, Su Yang retrieved a bottom of red liquid and dropped the Hellfire Seed into this bottle.

The Hellfire Seed immediately began glowing red and absorbing the red liquid.

"This will enhance the Hellfire Seed’s effect by at least 50 percent... but it’s not enough."

Once the Hellfire Seed absorbed all of the liquid in the bottle, which took almost half of the day, Su Yang retrieved a small bottle of red powder that appeared to be glowing like flames and covered the Hellfire Seed pill with the red powder.

Poof!

The Hellfire Seed immediately ignited with flames, but the flame disappeared as quickly.

A few minutes later, once the Hellfire Seed absorbed the red powder, the Hellfire Seed’s appearance made a drastic change, as it looked like there was a fiery hell within the pill.