Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 836 - Fiery Hellfire Seed

"Fiery Hellfire Seed... This should do it. Anymore and even my cultivation technique won’t be able to handle it." Su Yang looked at the enhanced Hellfire Seed between his fingers with a satisfied look on his face.

This Fiery Hellfire Seed is approximately 125 percent stronger than the original Hellfire Seed. Forget about a Heaven Spirit Realm Cultivator, this Fiery Hellfire Seed is enough to kill even peak Spirit Sovereign Realm Cultivators.

The only reason Su Yang dares to consume treasure was because of his Celestial Body Refining Scripture that will help him absorb and store most of the spiritual energy, allowing his body to contain more than its limit.

Furthermore, the Hundred Poisons Body that he’d obtained from Xie Xingfang’s Thousand Poisons Body would also help him suppress the Fiery Hellfire Seed to some extent since it is also a toxic treasure.

However, despite these two powerful things to protect him from the Fiery Hellfire Seed, it was still not enough to protect him to a reasonable degree where he won’t explode the instant he swallowed it.

"The Fiery Hellfire Seed is just the beginning. I will need to prepare some other medicines to help me fight against the Fiery Hellfire Seed’s destructive properties."

Su Yang proceeded to take out ingredients one after the another and started concocting pills.

Meanwhile, at the entrance of the Profound Blossom Sect, Liu Lanzhi hovered before the sea of female cultivators.

"T-The Sect Master is flying! When did she breakthrough to the Heavenly Spirit Realm?!" The sect elders were shocked when Liu Lanzhi suddenly flew off the ground and towards the clouds.

Indeed, Liu Lanzhi had managed to realize her dreams and breakthrough to the Heavenly Spirit Realm just a few days ago thanks to Su Yang’s continuous effort by keeping her stomach filled with his Yang Qi at all times.

"Ahem!"

Liu Lanzhi cleared her throat in an obvious manner, swiftly silencing the rowdy place.

"Thank you all for coming to the Profound Blossom Sect and participating in this special occasion. While the Sect Master, Su Yang, still needs three more days to prepare himself, he has decided to open the gates for you."

"But before I start letting you inside the sect, allow me to explain a few rules you must follow. Failure to obey these rules will get you to the back of the line and even removed from the queue permanently. In other words, you will no longer be able to cultivate with Su Yang."

"First and foremost, once I open the gates to my Profound Blossom Sect, you will all enter in an orderly fashion and the queue will be single filed. If you step out of the queue and go somewhere for any reason, your position will be considered lost and you will have to go to the back of the line."

"Secondly, there will be no pushing or queue skipping regardless of your background. If caught, you will be sent to the back of the line, perhaps even removed."

"Three, you must be an a.d.u.l.t in order to cultivate with Su Yang. Don’t even think of trying to hide your age because we will have you use the Bone Age Totem before you’re allowed to cultivate with Su Yang. Although it sucks that you’re underage, please understand that there’s nothing we can do for you."

"..."

After Liu Lanzhi’s third sentence, a lot of people could be seen turning around and walking away with dispirited expressions on their faces.

It was quite a shocking sight for the others, as the number of minors that wanted to cultivate with Su Yang was incredibly high and in the hundreds.

Liu Lanzhi didn’t mind these minors leaving and continued to speak, "Next, you must be a Cultivator with a cultivation base of at least sixth level Profound Spirit Realm. We’re telling you this for a good reason since cultivators below this level won’t be able to endure Su Yang’s Yang Qi after he has his breakthrough, and you can potentially even hurt yourself, something Su Yang won’t allow no matter what. Once again, we’ll be using a Spiritual Totem to measure your cultivation level so that you won’t harm yourself."

A familiar scene repeated after Liu Lanzhi’s ended her sentence, and the female cultivators that didn’t meet the cultivation requirements turned around and walked away with depressed looks. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

And at a single glance, one could easily tell that there were more cultivators who lacked the cultivation to participate in the event more than the number of cultivators who didn’t meet the age requirements.

However, despite a couple of thousand people leaving the queue, the place was still filled to the brim with people, and the sea of people didn’t appear to have gotten smaller even a little bit, as those who left were quickly filled by the people in the back and beyond the horizon.

"Finally... Even if you meet all of the qualifications, Su Yang is not obligated to cultivate with you and can refuse to cultivate with you for whatever reason. He didn’t say this, but it can happen so be prepared."

"Now, starting from the people in the front, form a single file line and follow the sect elder who will be leading you to the location for this event."

Once Liu Lanzhi ended her sentence, the gates to the Profound Blossom Sect began opening. However, it only opened slightly— a small gap that was just enough room to fit a single person at a time, making it easier for the guests to form a single file line.

Immediately after the gates opened, the people began fighting for the front of the line without being obnoxious about it, which was a rare sight, especially with the number of people there.

Soon, the people followed one of the sect elders working there to the Yang Pavilion.

"Wow... So Su Yang is inside this building right now?" The female cultivators could already feel their bodies shivering from excitement just at the sight of the building, and they proceeded to continue waiting for Su Yang to finish his preparations.