Chapter 837 - Swallowing the Hellfire Seed

Inside the building, Su Yang could feel the presence of people gathering outside the building, but he ignored them and continued to prepare himself for the grand breakthrough.

Two days later, Su Yang summoned everybody within the Su Family.

Outside the building, the female cultivators could see a bunch of beauties entering the Yang Pagoda, dumbfounding them.

"H-Hey! Who was that just now? How come she gets to go inside?" One of the female cultivators in line asked the sect elders there.

The sect elders turned to look at the beautiful young woman entering the Yang Pagoda.

"That’s Elder Lan. She’s a sect elder," said one of the sect elders.

"Oh... Then what about her?" Another female cultivator pointed to Sun Jingjing.

"That’s also a sect elder."

"That group of ladies who just entered wasn’t wearing the Profound Blossom Sect’s uniform. What about them?"

"Hm? Oh, that’s the Sect Master’s family— they’re his partners." The sect elders said after looking at the group of beauties from the Holy Central Continent.

"Oh, I see—- Wait, what?! Su Yang’s family?! Does this mean they’re his official partners?! His wives?!" The female cultivators were shocked to learn of this.

"I guess... Two of them even got i.m.p.r.e.g.n.a.t.ed by the Sect Master."

"Heavens! So Her Highness Xie Xingfang wasn’t the only one to be i.m.p.r.e.g.n.a.t.ed by Su Yang!"

While the female cultivators spoke with each other to pass time, Su Yang’s family quickly gathered in the Yang Pagoda.

As for Wang Shuren and those who lived outside of the Profound Blossom Sect, Su Yang notified days in advance so they all arrived at the Profound Blossom Sect just a few days ago.

Therefore, Wang Shuren, Bai Lihua, Su Yin, and even Xie Xingfang showed up in the Yang Pagoda.

"What’s the matter, Su Yang? Calling all of us here the day before your breakthrough." Sun Jingjing asked him.

"Are we going to cultivate?" Zhu Mengyi chuckled.

Su Yang smiled and said, "No... At least not yet."

"I am going to spend the rest of the day resting. Tomorrow, I will consume the Hellfire Seed and breakthrough. Once that happens, my body will be filled with Yang Qi, and I will need to immediately release them."

"Of course, the Yang Qi will be more potent at first since it’s still fresh, and I am going to let you ladies experience it first before I start cultivating with the others."

The ladies there immediately grew excited after hearing his words, and Wang Shuren couldn’t help but ask, "I saw the line outside, Su Yang. There are tens of thousands of female cultivators waiting to cultivate with you. Can you really handle so many people at once?"

Su Yang nodded, "I will be once I consume the Hellfire Seed."

"Is the Hellfire Seed really that powerful?" Lian Li asked.

"Yes, and if I don’t quickly get rid of the excess Yang Qi in my body, it’ll damage my cultivation," said Su Yang.

"Anyways, just make sure you’re here when I consume the Hellfire Seed. It’ll greatly benefit your cultivation."

The ladies nodded.

"I’ll stay here with you tonight," Su Liqing suddenly said.

"Oh, good idea, Sister Liqing. I’ll stay here too." Sun Jingjing said.

"I have to take care of the baby so I’ll come back in the morning tomorrow." Wu Jingjing said.

"Me too." Zhu Mengyi also said.

"My grandfather is taking care of the twins so I can stay here." Xie Xingfang said.

"I’m going to come back later after I wash myself." Wang Shuren said before disappearing.

In the end, only half of the girls remained in the room.

Su Liqing, Su Yin, Sun Jingjing, Fang Zhelan, Fang Xiaoru, Bai Lihua, Zhang Xiu Ying, and Qin Liangyu.

"Su Yang... There’s no point for me to be here since I won’t benefit from your Yang Qi. I also don’t want to waste your Yang Qi." Qiuyue said to him.

However, Su Yang said, "What are you talking about? Even if you won’t benefit from the Yang Qi, you can still enjoy the cultivation. I’m not worried about not having enough Yang Qi— I’m worried that I won’t have enough partners."

"Anyways, don’t worry about wasting Yang Qi and just enjoy the occasion." Su Yang said to her.

Qiuyue nodded her head in the end.

Sometime later, Su Yang laid on the bed and closed his eyes to rest even though the sun was still out with the others following him soon after.

Time passed quickly for Su Yang and his family, but for the female cultivators waiting outside, these last few hours felt like an eternity.

Early in the morning at sunrise, everybody from the Su Family gathered at the Yang Pagoda once again.

"Su Yang, when should I start letting the guests inside the building?" Liu Lanzhi asked him.

"You can open it now, but let our disciples enter first. The Profound Blossom Sect has priority, after all." Su Yang responded.

Liu Lanzhi nodded her head before summoning all of the disciples in the sect that qualified to cultivate with Su Yang to the Yang Pagoda.

When the female cultivators saw a massive group of disciples enter the Yang Pagoda, they were overwhelmed with envy. However, nobody there complained since it was only normal for the disciples of his own sect to have priority.

"Ready when you are, Su Yang." Liu Lanzhi said to him.

Su Yang nodded, and he proceeded to take out the Fiery Hellfire Seed and everything else he needed for his breakthrough, covering the space in front of him with medicine and treasures.

Su Yang then took a seat and took a deep breath. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"I’m going to consume the Hellfire Seed last."

A few seconds later, Su Yang picked up one of the items and ate it.

After spending a few moments to absorb it, he went to pick another and ate that as well.

Su Yang repeated this process until only the Hellfire Seed remained.

Meanwhile, the others in the room watched him from the bed.

"I’m going to start my breakthrough now. Qiuyue, make a defensive formation around me."

After Qiuyue created the formation, Su Yang tossed the Fiery Hellfire Seed into his mouth and swallowed it.