Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 839 - Burning Hot Rod

Once he received Su Liqing’s approval, Su Yang pushed his literal burning hot rod into her cave, shoving it deep inside her body.

Ssssss...

A sizzling sound could immediately be heard after Su Yang penetrated Su Liqing, almost as though his hot rod was cooking her meat.

"Aaaaaah~!" Su Liqing’s body jolted with shock when Su Yang’s burning rod touched her inner walls and evaporated some of her Yin Qi, giving her body an indescribable feeling, almost like she was sent to heaven and back.

However, despite Su Yang’s burning rod that was hot enough to evaporate even her Yin Qi, her body itself was left completely unharmed, and it felt like she had a hot stone stuffed inside her body.

Su Yang began thrusting his h.i.p.s soon after he penetrated Su Liqing, sending waves of p.l.e.a.s.u.r.e into her body.

The other ladies watching in the background swallowed nervously after seeing this.

"I can only imagine what that must feel like..." Zhu Mengyi mumbled in a dazed voice, wondering to herself if Su Yang’s burning rod felt any different than his Flaming Dragon technique that literally engulfed his sword with alchemy flames.

Smacking noises echoed in the room as Su Yang’s body slapped against Su Liqing’s soft buttcheeks every time he shoves his meatstick deep inside her body, poking the end of her pink tunnel with his burning rod in a rhythmic manner.

Three minutes later, Su Yang said, "I can’t hold it anymore— I’m going to release it!"

Although she was surprised that Su Yang could only last three minutes, Su Liqing nodded her head and said, "Release it inside me!"

"Aaaaah~!"

Su Liqing m.o.a.n.e.d loudly as Su Yang filled her stomach with his Yang Qi.

"It’s still coming?!"

However, Su Liqing quickly realized that Su Yang was still releasing his Yang Qi inside her even half a minute later, filling her more than her small hole could possibly hold.

Su Yang unplugged his rod from Su Liqing after spending an entire minute c.u.m.m.i.n.g inside her cave. He then turned to look at Sun Jingjing and said to her, "Come here!"

Sun Jingjing immediately nodded her head and rushed to get onto the bed while Su Liqing rested at the corner of the bed. Despite having cultivated with Su Yang for less than five minutes, she felt oddly exhausted.

Once Sun Jingjing was on the bed, Su Yang immediately grabbed her by the h.i.p.s and pulled her body towards his rod.

"Ahn~! So fierce!" Sun Jingjing m.o.a.n.e.d loudly, feeling Su Yang’s glowing red rod rubbing against her already soaked slit.

Yin Qi gushed from Sun Jingjing’s cave with every thrust from Su Yang.

A couple of minutes later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi inside Sun Jingjing, bloating her stomach with a ridiculous amount of Yang Qi.

"I feel so full..." Sun Jingjing laid on the bed with a satisfied expression and her stretched cave drooling with Yang Qi.

If one looked closely at Su Yang’s Yang Qi, it wasn’t completely white, and there appeared to be a little red color mixed within.

"Xiu Ying, come over here."

Hearing her name, Zhang Xiu Ying approached the bed and kneeled on the bed on all four, and said, "Go ahead, Su Yang. I’m ready whenever you are—"

"Aaaaah~!"

Su Yang shoved his glowing red rod inside Zhang Xiu Ying’s tight cave from behind. He then firmly grasped onto her soft b.u.t.t.o.c.k.s and began moving his h.i.p.s, spreading her inner walls with every thrust while poking her s.e.n.s.i.t.i.v.e areas with the tip of his rod.

"Aahhh~ Ahhhh~ Aaaaah!"

Zhang Xiu Ying m.o.a.n.e.d loudly as Su Yang pounded her like a dog.

A few minutes later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi inside her, overfilling it once again.

After Zhang Xiu Ying, Su Yang cultivated with Wu Jingjing and Zhu Mengyi at the same time before cultivating with Fang Zhelan and Fang Xiaoru.

Once these four ladies are lying on the bed with their holes dripping with Yang Qi, Su Yang turned to look at Wang Shuren and her mature body and said, "You’re next, Shuren."

"My p.l.e.a.s.u.r.e." Wang Shuren licked her lips as she approached the bed.

"Aaaah~ Aaaaahn! Ooooh!"

A l.u.s.tful expression hung on Wang Shuren’s face as she experienced Su Yang’s burning rod from the beginning until to the very end when Su Yang released his Yang Qi inside her body, and her large b.r.e.a.s.ts shook violently every time Su Yang’s h.i.p.s smashed into her large and round b.u.t.t.o.c.k.s.

Plop.

Wang Shuren’s body collapsed onto the bed like a lifeless corpse afterward.

Since Su Yang has released plenty of Yang Qi up to this point, he was beginning to have more control over his body, allowing him to hold his Yang Qi and cultivate longer, and with Wang Shuren, he’d managed to last a whopping ten minutes despite her tight and moist cave that threatened to squeeze him dry with every thrust.

After Wang Shuren, Su Yang cultivated with Qin Liangyu and her exotic body.

Lian Li was next in line to cultivate with Su Yang, but since she was still pregnant and with a large belly, Su Yang didn’t dare to move too aggressively and cultivated with her slowly.

Fifteen minutes later, Su Yang filled Lian Li’s cave as well, bloating her stomach more than before.

After Lian Li was Su Yin, who has been itching to cultivate with Su Yang for a while now.

"Mmmmm~!" Su Yin locked hands with Su Yang while they cultivated, not releasing her gasp until he came inside her body.

"Come here, Xing’er." Su Yang said to Xie Xingfang. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Once Xie Xingfang was on the bed, Su Yang inserted his still burning rod into her small hole while s.u.c.k.i.n.g her flawless b.r.e.a.s.ts at the same time.

"Hmmm~ Haaa~ Aaaahn~!"

Xie Xingfang quickly filled the room with her m.o.a.ning.

Twenty minutes later, Bai Lihua replaced Xie Xingfang’s place and began cultivating with Su Yang.

"Haaa... Haaaa... Aaaaaah~!"

Bai Lihua rode Su Yang like a horse until she could feel something hot gushing into her cave.

And in just two short hours, Su Yang had managed to cultivate with almost everyone in the Su Family and release many buckets of Yang Qi while he was at it.

"You’re next, Qiuyue." Su Yang looked at her with an enchanting smile on his face.