Chapter 840 - This Is Just the Beginning

Hearing her name, Qiuyue took a deep breath and approached the bed that was soaked in Yin Qi and Yang Qi.

After lying on the bed on her back, Qiuyue lifted her legs high into the air and held them with her arms, provoking Su Yang with her beautiful butthole.

Su Yang’s burning hot rod twitched a little at this sight, and he immediately approached her tight rear end with his stiff hot rod.

"Aaaah~!"

Qiuyue m.o.a.n.e.d in a surprised voice when she felt something massive and hot spreading her cheeks and entering the cave between them.

"It’s so hot!" Qiuyue’s body trembled, feeling as though all of the coldness in her body was being absorbed by Su Yang’s hot rod that was inside her b.u.t.t.

A moment later, Su Yang began moving his h.i.p.s, shoving his hot rod in and out of her body.

Sssss...

Every time Su Yang moved, Yin Qi would gush from Qiuyue’s front entrance and drool onto Su Yang’s hot rod before quickly evaporating from the profound heat.

After half an hour of nonstop thrusting, Su Yang released his Yang Qi inside Qiuyue, filling her butthole to the max.

Su Yang unplugged himself from Qiuyue and turned to look at the group of n.a.k.e.d ladies lying around the bed.

He then said to them, "This is just the beginning!"

After saying such words, Su Yang looked for the least exhausted from them and started cultivating with her.

In this case, it was Zhu Mengyi who recovered the most.

"Aaah~ You’re stirring the Yang Qi inside me~!"

Zhu Mengyi m.o.a.n.e.d as Su Yang plugged his totem inside her, stirring the Yang Qi inside her body with it.

Half an hour later, Su Yang pushed the old Yang Qi out of Zhu Mengyi’s body by refilling her with even more Yang Qi.

"Aaaaah~!"

Zhu Mengyi m.o.a.n.e.d loudly as her body was overwhelmed by p.l.e.a.s.u.r.e, and to her surprise, she could feel her cultivation base rising at a rapid rate, something that didn’t occur during their first session!

"Looks like the Fiery Hellfire Seed is finally taking effect." Su Yang said with a smile on his face, yet his sword remained as stiff as ever without any signs of calming down, and he went to look for his next partner.

Su Yang proceeded to cultivate with his partners without stopping for the next three days until they could no longer continue, releasing his Yang Qi over a thousand times during this time.

Furthermore, everyone besides Qiuyue had their cultivation base increase by at least one level, even Lian Li, who was at the first level Sovereign Spirit Realm, managed to reach the second level Sovereign Spirit Realm, which shocked her greatly.

"Take some time to rest. I’m going to cultivate for a bit before I start cultivating with the other disciples." Su Yang said to his family before sitting down and cultivating. Of course, his dragon remained awake the entire time.

An hour later, his family took a quick shower that was on the same floor, washing the Yang Qi that was sticking all over their body but leaving the Yang Qi that was inside their body untouched.

Once they were feeling refreshed, they dressed and left the Yang Pagoda, returning to their own rooms to focus on absorbing the abundant amount of Yang Qi remaining in their body.

Half an hour after his family left, Su Yang stopped cultivating and started calling the disciples that were waiting patiently on the previous upstairs.

Ten disciples went to the top floor a few moments later and immediately stripped their clothes.

"Give me a second."

Su Yang grabbed the large blanket on the bed that was soaked in Yang Qi and Yin Qi and pulled it off the bed, tossed it inside his storage ring, before replacing it with a brand new blanket.

"Come, I’ll satisfy you all at once." Su Yang said to the disciples.

A few moments later, Su Yang shoved his burning hot rod inside one of the disciples and began pleasuring the others with his hand.

The room was quickly filled with m.o.a.ning from the disciples.

Meanwhile, the female cultivators waiting outside noticed that the line had finally started moving after three days.

"It finally moved!" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"I wonder how long it’ll take before it’s our turn..."

"Be patient. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity."

The female cultivators expected the line to remain still for another three days before moving again, but to their surprise, the line moved up slightly after an hour, and it continued to move at the same rate for the next few days.

In just a week, the line moved up enough for the female cultivators that did not belong to the sect to step foot inside the Yang Pagoda!

The female cultivators were ecstatic about their progress. At this rate, they will get to cultivate with Su Yang after another week!

Of course, this only applied to the girls waiting in the front of the line. For the female cultivators in the back, they might have to wait a month or two before they reach the Yang Pagoda!

Despite that, nobody left the line. In fact, the line continued to grow as more female cultivators arrived at the Profound Blossom Sect.

One day... three days... one week... two weeks...

Half a month passed in the blink of an eye for Su Yang, who cultivated without much rest this entire time.

After cultivating with the last disciple in the Profound Blossom Sect, he looked down at his rod. Although it was still as stiff as it was in the beginning, it was no longer as red or as hot as before.

"Thank you, Sect Master, for your hard work." The disciples bowed to him before leaving the Yang Pagoda.

And before he started calling the female cultivators upstairs, Su Yang took a full day of rest and absorbed the Yin Qi in the room, which was so abundant that it’d turned into a mist that filled the room.