Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 841 - A Familiar Face

After spending almost a whole day absorbing the Yin Qi in the room, Su Yang took a deep breath and opened his eyes.

"At this rate, I might even reach the second level Sovereign Spirit Realm before the effects of the Fiery Hellfire Seeds fully disappear."

Once he was prepared, Su Yang called the next cultivators in line upstairs, and since all of the disciples in the Profound Blossom Sect had already cultivated with him, it was finally the female cultivators’ turn.

After waiting weeks, it was finally their turn.

Thus, when the first ten female cultivators downstairs heard Su Yang’s voice, telling them to go upstairs, they were immediately overwhelmed with joy and nervousness.

A few moments later, ten female cultivators walked upstairs, and the first thing they saw was Su Yang’s handsome face before looking down at the massive bulge between his legs that stood up like it was threatening to pierce the heavens.

"Welcome to the Profound Blossom Sect, and thank you for your patience." Su Yang said to them with a handsome smile on his face.

While these ten female cultivators were by no means top beauties like most of the female disciples in the sect, they were not ugly either.

If one had to describe them, they were just average-looking girls with common-looking appearances.

However, Su Yang didn’t mind their appearances nor the fact that he wasn’t cultivating with beauties, as it was never his standard to cultivate with beauties alone.

"H-Hell, Sect Master..."

The female cultivators bowed to him politely, acting like timid rabbits before their predator.

While the disciples in the Profound Blossom Sect are used to Su Yang’s presence because they always cultivate with him, in the eyes of these female cultivators that were seeing Su Yang for their first time, it was a profound experience that could not be described by words alone.

In their eyes, Su Yang was not only the number genius in the world but also a peak expert at the level of Xie Wang from the Xie Family if not even higher.

They were not just cultivating with the Sect Master from the Profound Blossom Sect— one of the top sects in the Eastern Continent— they were also cultivating with an otherworldly being that has toppled the world’s common sense and started an entirely new era of alchemy by himself.

"There’s no need to be nervous. I won’t bite. Let’s begin with removing your clothes." Su Yang said to the female cultivators in a gentle voice when they stood there with nervous looks on their faces.

The female cultivators nodded, and they removed their clothes.

A few moments later, the ten of them stood next to each other in a line while completely n.a.k.e.d.

Su Yang then pointed to the female cultivator standing closest to him and beckoned her to approach him.

And almost as though she was charmed by his beckoning, the female cultivator slowly approached the bed with a dazed look on her face. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Once she was beside the bed, Su Yang grabbed her body and carried her onto the bed.

After lying the female cultivator onto the bed, Su Yang retrieved a bottle with some mysterious liquid inside from his storage ring and poured it all over his hot rod.

"This will not only relieve you of all pain since it’s your first time but it will also enhance the p.l.e.a.s.u.r.e you feel," said Su Yang as he poked her entrance with his thick rod.

"How did you know it’s my first time...?" The female cultivator asked him in a dazed voice.

"It’s a specialty of mine," he responded with a smile on his face.

"Take a deep breath," he continued.

The female cultivator nodded her head and took a deep breath as Su Yang instructed.

A moment later, Su Yang pushed the tip of his rod inside her cave, spreading her slit wide.

"Aaaaah~!"

The female cultivator m.o.a.n.e.d in a surprised voice, yet there was no pain from it.

Blood dripped from her cave, staining Su Yang’s rod and the new blanket red.

Su Yang began moving shortly after, thrusting his massive totem in and out of her v.i.r.g.i.n cave.

"Aaah~ Aaaaah!"

"Ahhhn~!"

The female cultivator m.o.a.n.e.d loudly, her voice filled with bliss and excitement.

Meanwhile, the other nine female cultivators watched with wide eyes, and unbeknownst to them, their caves began drooling with Yin Qi, dripping onto the floor.

Su Yang cultivated with the female cultivator for a couple of minutes until she almost lost consciousness before calling the next one onto the bed and cultivating with her, taking away her innocence as well.

After spending a little over half an hour cultivating with these ten female cultivators that experienced a significant boost in their cultivation base afterward, Su Yang called the next ten female cultivators upstairs and began cultivating with them after a brief introduction.

Time passed quickly, and before he was aware, a month was gone.

During this month, Su Yang cultivated with thousands of female cultivators with a few hours of break every couple of days, using the Yin Qi in the room to increase his cultivation and restore his energy.

Of course, the ladies from the Su Family went back to cultivate with Su Yang after they finished absorbing his Yang Qi, and since they had line priority, they got to cultivate with him whenever they wanted.

This was the same for the disciples of the Profound Blossom Sect. After they absorbed the Yang Qi in their body, they returned to Su Yang for even more Yang Qi.

"If only I’d joined the Profound Blossom Sect before this..."

The female cultivators waiting outside sighed, their voices filled with regret.

Unfortunately, even if they joined the sect after this event, Su Yang might no longer be in the sect by then, making it somewhat pointless.

After another month and a few thousand female cultivators later, a certain individual showed up in the Yang Pagoda.

A gentle smile appeared on Su Yang’s face when he saw this beautiful lady, and he called her name, "It’s been a while, Li Xiao Mo."