Chapter 842 - Ever Since She Left the Sect

Indeed, the person who showed up in the Yang Pagoda was Li Xiao Mo, who used to be an Inner Court disciple at the Profound Blossom Sect before the Million Snakes Sect attacked.

After she left the Profound Blossom Sect, she joined another sect called the Yellow River Sect, where she learned to use illusion techniques. In that sect, she realized that other than dual cultivation, she had other talents as well, which allowed her to become a Core Disciple very quickly.

"It’s been a while indeed, Su Yang." Li Xiao Mo, who was as pretty as ever, bowed to him with a beautiful smile on her face.

The other nine female cultivators there looked at Li Xiao Mo with surprised looks on their faces.

During these last few weeks, they got to know each other very well because they were essentially stuck with each other while waiting in line, and Li Xiao Mo only mentioned that she used to be a Profound Blossom Sect disciple, nothing about knowing Su Yang.

"How have you been?" Su Yang then asked her.

"I’ve been doing great. I’ve not only become a Core Disciple at the sect but I’ve even learned many new techniques. Of course, they have no use in the bedroom." Li Xiao Mo chuckled gracefully.

Su Yang nodded and said, "Let’s talk more in a bit. For now, let me cultivate with these other ladies."

"Take your time, Su Yang." Li Xiao Mo nodded.

Sometime later, Su Yang began cultivating with the other nine female cultivators.

’As always, his dual cultivation techniques are flawless and a work of art.’ Li Xiao Mo thought to herself as she watched Su Yang fill these nine female cultivators with l.u.s.t and satisfaction.

Half an hour later, the nine female cultivators left the Yang Pagoda with their caves filled with Su Yang’s Yang Qi.

"Come here, Li Xiao Mo." Su Yang said to her after switching the dirty blanket for a new one.

Li Xiao Mo nodded her head and approached the bed before sitting in front of Su Yang.

Su Yang did not immediately begin their cultivation, and he waited for her to speak first. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"You know, Su Yang, I haven’t practiced dual cultivator ever since I left the Profound Blossom Sect." Li Xiao Mo suddenly said after a moment of silence.

"Oh? A beauty such as yourself, are there no men in the Yellow River Sect or what?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows.

Li Xiao Mo laughed a little before shaking her head, "I wish that was the case. When I first joined the sect, I had male disciples knocking on my door every day since everybody knew I used to be a dual cultivator at the Profound Blossom Sect. I guess they thought I was a woman who’d spread my legs for everyone. There were even a few forceful ones, but luckily for me, my cultivation was higher than theirs, and the sect elders were very helpful, especially once they learned of my talents. Even now, there are disciples who still approach me, but most of them are Core Disciples at the very least."

"I see... Do you intend on giving up the path of a dual cultivator forever?" Su Yang then asked her.

Li Xiao Mo nodded her head and said, "Yes. I became a disciple at the Profound Blossom Sect because I thought that I had no other talents besides dual cultivation. I was quite pitiful at first since I didn’t like dual cultivation, but I eventually got used to it. However, I’m glad I became a dual cultivator since I managed to meet you, Su Yang."

"It’s going to be lonely when you leave, Su Yang..." Li Xiao Mo said with a saddened look on her face.

Su Yang lifted his hands and c.a.r.e.s.sed her smooth cheeks.

Li Xiao Mo closed her eyes and lifted her head slightly.

Su Yang accepted her invitation and kissed her on the lips.

After a good minute of kissing, Su Yang laid Li Xiao Mo on her back.

He then poked her cave with his massive rod, and since it has been a long time since she last cultivated it, it was extremely tight.

"Mmmm..." Li Xiao Mo m.o.a.n.e.d softly as Su Yang’s massive rod entered her cave and created a bulge on her stomach.

Su Yang began moving his h.i.p.s shortly after, shoving his rod into Li Xiao Mo’s cave continuously.

Li Xiao Mo’s m.o.a.ning gradually grew louder and louder, and despite having many experiences, it felt like she was doing it for the first time.

"Su Yang, I love you..." Li Xiao Mo cried out loud with tears flowing from her eyes as they cultivated.

Su Yang lifted her body and kissed her some more without stopping his movements.

Many minutes later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi inside Li Xiao Mo.

"Haaa... haaa..." Li Xiao Mo laid on the bed with a satisfied expression on her face.

"I am going to miss you when you leave, Su Yang. This is most likely going to be my last time experiencing dual cultivation as well since I don’t plan on cultivating with anyone besides you for the rest of my life." Li Xiao Mo said to him afterward.

"..."

After a moment of silence, Su Yang said, "You don’t know that for sure. I might return to this world one day, or you might even fall in love with someone else."

Li Xiao Mo shook her head and said, "I don’t think that’ll ever happen, Su Yang. My feelings for you did not lessen ever since I left the Profound Blossom Sect. I’m confident it’ll remain like this for the rest of my life."

"I see..." Su Yang mumbled.

After another moment of silence, he continued, "If that’s the case, why don’t you come with me to the Divine Heavens?"

"Eh?" Li Xiao Mo’s eyes widened with surprise after hearing his offer, as such a thought has never appeared in her mind until this moment.