Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 843 - Not Fully Relieved

"Come with me to the Divine Heavens, Li Xiao Mo, if you want to stay by my side forever." Su Yang continued seeing her shocked face.

"I... I don’t know, Su Yang..." Li Xiao Mo sighed after a moment of silence.

"I don’t know if I can leave another sect. The Yellow River Sect didn’t mind that I was a deserter and allowed me to join their sect when every other sect refused me. I can’t just leave them... It’d be a slap in their faces." Li Xiao Mo sighed.

Not only would it make her feel guilty but it would also be quite disrespectful to the sect that took her hand when the other sects wouldn’t even look at her since people don’t like deserters. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"I understand your feelings, I really do. How about this? I will go speak with the Yellow River Sect about your situation and even compensate them for their trouble. This way, your leave won’t be as abrupt and you won’t feel guilty, especially if you receive their approval." Su Yang suggested.

"You will speak with the sect?" Li Xiao Mo mumbled with a pondering face.

"Of course, if you rather stay in this world, that’s fine too. I have until a few more months before I leave this world so you still have some time to decide." Su Yang said to her.

Li Xiao Mo nodded her head, "Okay."

"Great. Then let’s continue our cultivation." Su Yang said to her as they went for round two.

That day, Li Xiao Mo managed to cultivate with Su Yang for nearly the entire day.

"Thank you, Su Yang. I will wait for you at the Yellow River Sect." Li Xiao Mo bowed to Su Yang afterward, before leaving the Yang Pagoda with a satisfied face and a s.e.n.s.i.t.i.v.e body.

After Li Xiao Mo left the place, Su Yang called the next ten female cultivators upstairs and continued to cultivate.

And in the blink of an eye, another month passed.

"Wow, I can finally see the end of the line. I never thought I’d see the day." One of the Profound Blossom Sect’s elders said to herself when she noticed the empty area at the end of the line at the horizon.

"There are still tens of thousands of people in the line, though." Another one said.

"I cannot believe the Sect Master really managed to cultivate for this long without exhausting himself. What a legend..."

"How many partners did he cultivate with during this event? I lost count at 40 thousand."

"You actually counted them?"

"Well, I got bored, and I was genuinely curious."

"If you’re bored, go cultivate with the Sect Master. We have queue priority, anyways."

While the line grew shorter and shorter, Su Yang’s cultivation increased more and more.

After a few more weeks, Su Yang managed to breakthrough again, reaching the second level Sovereign Spirit Realm.

Su Yang took a deep breath after his breakthrough, and he used his divine sense to look outside.

"Less than a thousand left, huh? It’s been a while since I last cultivated with so many people at once." Su Yang mumbled.

After resting for a little bit longer, he continued sending female cultivators upstairs.

A few more days later, Su Yang cultivated with the last female cultivator.

"Thank you, Su Yang..."

Once the last person left the Yang Pagoda, Su Yang walked to the window and stared at the blue sky.

However, he still wasn’t fully relieved and fully satisfied despite many weeks of cultivation.

"Looks like I underestimated the Fiery Hellfire Seed a little bit." Su Yang mumbled.

After pondering for a moment, Su Yang said out loud, "Come over here, Xiao Rong!"

Xiao Rong, who had been staying inside Su Yang’s room for the past couple of weeks, heard her name being called and immediately flew out of the window and appeared at the Yang Pagoda two seconds later.

"Thank you for your patience and behaving yourself, Xiao Rong. As a reward, I will finally let you taste my Yang Qi."

Xiao Rong’s eyes immediately flickered with excitement after hearing Su Yang’s words. She has been yearning for this day ever since she got a taste of it many months ago!

Su Yang had already planned on letting Xiao Rong take care of his remaining Yang Qi before he even consumed the Fiery Hellfire Seed. However, he wasn’t sure how much Yang Qi Xiao Rong would be able to handle.

After replacing the blanket on the bed, Su Yang laid on the fresh new blanket and said, "Come here."

Xiao Rong immediately jumped on the bed and began l.i.c.k.i.n.g Su Yang’s stiff rod without any hesitation.

"Calm down, Xiao Rong. You have all the time in the world right now..." Su Yang chuckled after seeing her hastiness.

Xiao Rong nodded and slowed down her movements, slowly l.i.c.k.i.n.g his rod.

A few minutes later, seeing how Xiao Rong hasn’t stopped l.i.c.k.i.n.g it, Su Yang said to her, "Xiao Rong, if you want to extract Yang Qi, you’ll need to do more than just lick it."

"What should I do, Master?" she stopped l.i.c.k.i.n.g and asked him.

"Open your mouth and put it inside your mouth." Su Yang then instructed.

Xiao Rong nodded and covered the tip of his rod with her small mouth.

Feeling Xiao Rong’s moist and warm mouth around his rod, Su Yang continued, "Now rock your head back and forth while s.u.c.k.i.n.g on it gently."

Xiao Rong followed his instruction and proceeded to move her head back and forth while s.u.c.k.i.n.g on his rod.

"Make sure you avoid touching it with your teeth. Once you get a hang of the feeling, you can start using your tongue and moving your head more vigorously."

Thus, Xiao Rong began giving Su Yang a fellatio.

Although Xiao Rong’s movement was very amateurish at first and barely gave Su Yang any p.l.e.a.s.u.r.e, as Xiao Rong spent more time s.u.c.k.i.n.g on his rod, the more experienced she became, almost like she was a natural.