Chapter 844 - Xiao Rong's Bottomless Appetite

"Mmm..."

The room was very quiet while Xiao Rong s.u.c.k.e.d on Su Yang’s rod silently.

After spending an hour straight s.u.c.k.i.n.g on Su Yang’s rod and getting a feeling for it, Xiao Rong began increasing her momentum and her s.u.c.k.i.n.g force.

Meanwhile, Su Yang laid on the bed with his eyes closed and a relaxed expression on his face, almost like he was taking a nap underneath the sun.

Once he was beginning to feel p.l.e.a.s.u.r.e, Su Yang decided to reward Xiao Rong for her efforts.

"Here go you, Xiao Rong."

A moment later, he released a burst of Yang Qi inside Xiao Rong’s mouth.

"!!!"

Xiao Rong quickly stopped moving her head and focused on the Yang Qi that was gushing inside her mouth.

Once the Yang Qi stopped coming, Xiao Rong removed her mouth from his rod without leaving any Yang Qi behind and swallowed all of his Yang Qi in one motion.

After swallowing, Xiao Rong mumbled in a satisfied voice, "Delicious..."

Su Yang sat up on the bed and wiped the Yang Qi at the corner of her lips with his fingers and said, "Then you should not waste it."

Xiao Rong quickly licked the Yang Qi from Su Yang’s finger.

"Can I have some more?" she asked him afterward.

"You can have as much as you want." Su Yang laid back down on the bed, and Xiao Rong immediately returned to squeezing Yang Qi from his rod with her mouth.

One time... ten times... one hundred times...

Over the next few days, Xiao Rong kept on s.u.c.k.i.n.g Su Yang’s rod, drinking his Yang Qi hundreds of times without any signs of feeling full or bored of it.

Furthermore, her mouth techniques have also improved by leaps and bounds. At her current level, she wouldn’t lose to even some of the top disciples in the Profound Blossom Sect when it comes to giving fellatios.

"Do you want to rest? You’ve been going at it for days now." Su Yang asked Xiao Rong a week later.

However, to his surprise, Xiao Rong shook her head and said, "I can keep going."

Su Yang nodded his head and no longer asked her.

One week, two weeks, three weeks...

Xiao Rong has p.l.e.a.s.u.r.ed Su Yang’s rod for a month straight at this point, yet she didn’t have any signs of stopping anytime soon. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

’Heavens... At this rate, she will continue drinking my Yang Qi even a year later without any rest! Phantom Cats... what a terrifying existence!’ Su Yang was shocked inwardly by Xiao Rong’s bottomless appetite for his Yang Qi.

A few more days later, Su Yang said to her, "Okay, Xiao Rong, you can stop now. My body is fully relieved now."

"Hm?"

Xiao Rong, who had been in a trance, suddenly stopped s.u.c.k.i.n.g and looked at him with a dejected look on her face.

"You’re still not satisfied after drinking that much Yang Qi? I’ll let you drink more Yang Qi whenever I have time later, but for now, let’s stop here." Su Yang said to her.

Although she was reluctant to stop, Xiao Rong removed her mouth from Su Yang’s rod.

After Xiao Rong stopped, Su Yang went to take a shower.

Sometime later, Su Yang summoned all of the disciples in the Profound Blossom Sect, and he said to them, "Thank you all for participation. As you can see, I have managed to enter the Sovereign Spirit Realm safely, and this is all due to your efforts."

"Congratulations, Su Yang, on your breakthrough!"

The disciples congratulated him, filling the place with cheers.

Once the place calmed down, Su Yang said to them, "I’m going to spend a few days resting before I leave the sect for a bit to take care of other things."

After dismissing the disciples, Su Yang returned to the Yin Yang Pavilion, where he spent the next three days resting.

Despite his Sovereign Spirit Realm cultivation base, it was still exhausting to cultivate for so long without much rest, especially towards the end, when Xiao Rong s.u.c.k.e.d him dry— literally.

"How are you feeling, Su Yang?" Qiuyue visited him on the third day.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Good, but are you going to stop calling me father now?"

"..."

After a moment of silence, Qiuyue said in a slightly embarrassed face, "Would you rather I call you father?"

"No, I was just wondering since you stopped. You can call me whatever you feel is more comfortable." Su Yang chuckled.

"Then I will call you Su Yang since it feels more personal that way," Qiuyue said.

And she continued, "Anyways, I am going to the Southern Continent to check on the mirror. We should have about three more months before it returns."

Su Yang nodded, "Okay."

However, right as Qiuyue turned around and prepared to leave, Su Yang stopped her and said, "You’re going to leave just like that? How about a kiss before you leave?"

After standing there for a moment, Qiuyue turned around with a slightly red face, and she approached the bed.

"Mmmm..."

Qiuyue gave Su Yang a passionate kiss that lasted a good minute.

"Then I’ll leave now," Qiuyue said as she left the room shortly after.

"I should also leave. Three months... I don’t have much time left here yet there’s still so much to be done." After fixing his appearance, Su Yang left the Profound Blossom Sect on his flying treasure, flying towards the Yellow River Sect.

About half an hour later, he arrived at the Yellow River Sect.

Su Yang then landed at the sect’s entrance.

"I am Su Yang from the Profound Blossom Sect, and I’m here to see your Sect Master," he said to the guards.

"Su Yang?!" The guards immediately recognized his name, as it has been widespread for a while now, and they even recall a few disciples from their sect talking about their first time with him!

"Please wait a moment while I call a sect elder!" The guard said before taking out a communication jade slip and notifying a sect elder of the situation.