Chapter 847 - Scheduling the Continental Meeting

Once they returned to the Profound Blossom Sect, Su Yang brought Li Xiao Mo to Liu Lanzhi and explained the situation to her.

"I have a meeting to arrange for the five continents so I won’t be back for a while." Su Yang said to them before leaving the Profound Blossom Sect again.

"So you’ve decided to follow Su Yang to the Divine Heavens, huh? You’re extremely lucky, Li Xiao Mo..." Liu Lanzhi said to her after Su Yang left.

"I know..." Li Xiao Mo nodded her head with a gentle smile on her face.

Meanwhile, Su Yang went straight to Snowfall City to meet with the Xie Family.

"Congratulations on your breakthrough, Su Yang." Xie Wang said to him.

"It’s nothing worth mentioning about..." he shook his head.

"Nonsense! While it may be nothing in your eyes, it’s an immense achievement for everyone else in this world! It wouldn’t be an exaggeration even if I called it a miracle! Reaching the Sovereign Spirit Realm at such a young age... One can only dream of such an achievement!" Xie Wang said to him.

"One week. We’ll have the gathering at the Holy Central Continent in one week." Su Yang said.

"Sounds good." Xie Wang nodded.

"I am also okay with this schedule," said Lord Xie.

"Then I’ll let the others know. If there are any changes in the schedule, I’ll let you know afterward." Su Yang said.

After the short meeting, Su Yang went to spend some time with Xie Xingfang and the twins before leaving the Eastern Continent and flying towards the Holy Central Continent.

"In a week, huh? I’ll let the others know." Emperor Lian nodded after hearing the news, and he continued, "Where do you want to hold the gathering?"

NovelsToday.com

"Do you have any vacant areas?" Su Yang asked.

"Hmm... A vacant area..." Emperor Lian closed his eyes to ponder for a moment. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

A minute later, his eyes snapped open, and he said, "We do have one! After learning of Patriarch Gold’s deeds, we decided to demolish the entire Golden Lion Academy altogether. That area right now is an empty plot of land that’s being auctioned off to the others. We can use that place for the gathering."

Su Yang didn’t react much to the Golden Lion Academy’s destruction and nodded his head with a nonchalant look on his face.

Sometime later, Emperor Lian asked, "By the way, how’s my wife?"

"Feng Xindou is doing fine. What about you? Have you been practicing the techniques I gave you?" Su Yang asked him in return.

Emperor Lian nodded with a serious look on his face, and he said, "I have trained day and night ever since she left! I am now confident that I’ll be able to satisfy her!"

Su Yang smiled and said, "Then I’ll bring her back here next week and let her be the judge."

"Thank you, Su Yang!" Emperor Lian said to him.

Su Yang left the Holy Central Continent shortly after and traveled to the other three continents to relay the same information to the rulers of each continent respectively.

In the end, all of them agreed to meet next week.

Thus, Su Yang began transporting the people that will be participating in the meeting to the Holy Central Continent.

However, since Qiuyue took the big flying treasure to visit Silver Mirror, Su Yang had to make multiple trips on his smaller flying treasure since it could only carry four people at once maximum, and Su Yang didn’t want to feel crowded, so he only took 2 other people with him at a time.

"The meeting will be in a week and you’re going to be there with me." Su Yang reminded her that she was also participating.

Although she was nervous, Liu Lanzhi still nodded her head.

"Good. I’ll bring you to the Holy Central Continent in a few days. I’m going to cultivate Li Xiao Mo until then." Su Yang said to her before disappearing from the Yin Yang Pavilion, showing up to Li Xiao Mo’s living quarters a few minutes later.

"Su Yang." Li Xiao Mo greeted him at the door.

Su Yang looked at her living quarters with a smile and said, "You picked your old place?"

Li Xiao Mo nodded, "This is where I feel the most comfortable. It’s only been over a year since I left the Profound Blossom Sect yet everything feels so foreign to me, almost like it’s my first time being here."

"I don’t blame you. The place experienced a lot of renovation, after all." Su Yang said to her.

"Anyways, let’s go inside."

Inside Li Xiao Mo’s room, Su Yang started a long conversation with her, mostly talking about his real background as an Immortal who used to live in the Divine Heavens.

After revealing his background, Su Yang explained to Li Xiao Mo about the Family Seal.

"Do you want to join my family, Li Xiao Mo? If you just want to follow me to the Divine Heavens without being a part of the family, that’s fine as well. I won’t force you, and there’s no pressure into joining the family." Su Yang said to her.

"Of course, I want to join your family, Su Yang." Li Xiao Mo said to him without any hesitation and with a beautiful smile on her face.

Su Yang nodded his head with a smile.

A few moments later, they removed their clothes and began embracing each other with their lips connected and their tongues active.

Once they were prepared, Su Yang inserted his rod into Li Xiao Mo’s body, and they began their dual cultivation that lasted until it was almost time for the meeting a few days later.