Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 851 - I'm Here to I.m.p.r.e.g.n.a.t.e You

After a few minutes of silence, Emperor Lian said, "The Holy Central Continent will agree to partake in this trial."

"Do either of you object?" He turned to look at the Sect Masters of the Divine Sword Academy and Four Seasons Academy.

"I have no objection, Your Majesty." Wu Jiang shook his head.

"I don’t have any objections, either." Sect Master Zhu also said.

Su Yang nodded, "Okay. I will create the teleportation formation once you let me know where you want it."

He then turned to look at the Lu Family from the Southern Continent and the Ning Family from the Northern Continent.

"Have you come to a conclusion yet?"

"The Southern Continent also agrees to partake in the trial." The head of the Lu Family spoke after a moment of silence.

Once the Holy Central Continent and Southern Continent agreed to have the teleportation formation on their land, everybody in the room turned to look at the Northern Continent, giving them slight pressure.

"Alright, we’ll also participate in the trial." Ning Hao said after a moment of silence.

"Great. Now that all of the continents have agreed to have a teleportation formation, just let me know where you want it and I’ll create it as soon as possible." Su Yang said to them.

"I’ll give you all three days to decide."

"I have already decided." Emperor Lian said, and he continued, "We’ll place the teleportation formation here— in this spacious land, and then we’ll create a city around it."

Su Yang nodded, "Okay. I’ll create the formation here then."

Sometime later, after discussing a few more things, Su Yang then said, "I know this may be a little bit late, but before we leave, why don’t we all introduce ourselves? I’ll start."

"Su Yang, Sect Master of the Profound Blossom Sect."

"I’m Liu Lanzhi, Profound Blossom Sect’s second Sect Master. It’s a p.l.e.a.s.u.r.e to meet all of you."

"Xie Wang of the Xie Family. I am..."

The people from the Eastern Continent went first, then the Western Continent.

After the people from the Western Continent introduced themselves, the Northern and Southern Continent went next.

Finally, the people from the Holy Central Continent introduced themselves, starting from the Divine Sword Academy and Four Seasons Academy.

Once everyone gave their introduction, Su Yang dismissed the meeting.

"Su Yang, do you think I can visit the Profound Blossom Sect?" A pretty young lady suddenly approached him with a bright smile on her face.

"Sure." Su Yang nodded without hesitation.

"That sounds like a fun idea. Can I also take a look at the Eastern Continent?" Xian Ni also approached him.

"If you want."

"Su Yang! I want to check on my daughter! Let me come with you as well!" Wu Jiang suddenly said.

"Since he’s going, I will also go to the Eastern Continent!" Sect Master Zhu said.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Calm down. If you want to come to the Eastern Continent, I’ll bring you. However, it’s going to take a couple of trips since I can only carry so many of you at once."

Sometime later, Su Yang returned to the Eastern Continent with Liu Lanzhi and Lu Youyi first.

Once he dropped them off, Su Yang returned to the Holy Central Continent to pick up Xian Ni and the others.

"So this is the Profound Blossom Sect, huh? I must say... It’s quite a scary sight." Xian Ni stared at the powerful formation surrounding the Profound Blossom Sect. If he had to describe it with one word, that word would be overboard.

Even if every cultivator in the world attacked the Profound Blossom Sect at once, Xian Ni wasn’t confident that they would be able to overcome their defenses.

At the Profound Blossom Sect, Wu Jiang visited Wu Jingjing whilst Sect Master Zhu went to see Zhu Mengyi.

Meanwhile, Su Yang gave Xian Ni and Lu Youyi a tour around the Profound Blossom Sect for a couple of hours until Su Yang brought them back to their own homes. Of course, Su Yang spent a couple of hours cultivating with Lu Youyi before leaving her alone.

Wu Jiang and Sect Master Zhu decided to stay at the Profound Blossom Sect for a few days.

In the meantime, Su Yang went to the Holy Central Continent to create the teleportation formation.

Two days later, he went to the Northern Continent to create their teleportation formation.

Finally, Su Yang finished at the Southern Continent.

Once all of the teleportation formations were created, Su Yang personally tested each of them with his own wealth, which was akin to a drop of water in the ocean by this point.

After confirming that they all worked perfectly, Su Yang taught each of the top families from their respective continent how to control the teleportation formation so they can destroy it or restrict its uses at will.

By the time he returned to the Profound Blossom Sect, Su Yang felt like he’d traveled more the last few days than he’d done in the past year.

"Good work, Su Yang." Liu Lanzhi said to him afterward. "What do you plan on doing now that everything has been dealt with?"

"I want to spend the rest of my days in this world cultivating with the disciples, but there are still a few things that must be done before I can relax," he said. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Oh? What’s that?"

"Just a few minor things." Su Yang said with a mysterious smile on his face.

"Anyways, I will be back. I have an appointment right now."

"Hm? I thought you stopped taking appointments."

"This one was scheduled many months ago." Su Yang said before disappearing from the Yin Yang Pavilion.

Sometime later, Su Yang stood in front of a certain building and knocked on its doors.

The door opened a moment later, and a pretty young lady appeared before him.

"Master?" Cai Yan greeted him at the door.

Su Yang smiled at her and said, "I’m here to i.m.p.r.e.g.n.a.t.e you."