Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 862 - Su Li'er

After cultivating with Xiao Rong for the first time, Su Yang took a day to rest before resuming his routine by cultivating with the disciples.

One day... two days... three days...

One week... two weeks... three weeks...

In the blink of an eye, another month had passed, and there was less than a month before it was time for Su Yang to return to the Four Divine Heavens.

"Are you ready for the delivery?" Su Yang asked Lian Li, who was lying n.a.k.e.d on the bed, as it was time for her to deliver her child.

Of course, the entire Su Family was there, filling the room to the brim.

"I am ready," Lian Li nodded with a resolute look on her face.

After taking a deep breath, Su Yang began Lian Li’s delivery.

A few minutes later, the baby was pushed out by Lian Li, and Su Yang severed the umbilical cord before handing the baby to Lian Li.

"What a beautiful little girl." Lian Li held the baby in her arms with a sweaty forehead and a motherly smile on her face. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"What’s her name?" Xie Xingfang asked her.

"Su Li’er will be her name," said Lian Li.

"A combination of Su Yang and your name, huh? That’s very cute." Wu Jingjing chuckled.

Sometime later, after cleaning up the place, the others left Su Yang and Lian Li alone in the room so they could spend some time with the newborn.

"Sister Liqing, when are you going to get i.m.p.r.e.g.n.a.t.ed by Su Yang?" Qi Yue asked Su Liqing after they returned to the Medicine Hall.

"I can’t even if I want to." Su Liqing said with a bitter smile on her face.

"What? Why not?" Qi Yue asked, unaware of her situation.

"I’m infertile. That means I cannot get pregnant no matter what," she sighed.

"What! That is so unlucky! Is there nothing we can do to help it? There should be some kind of medicine out there that cures infertility!" Qi Yue said.

"There is, and Su Yang is collecting the ingredients. However, they are incredibly rare and don’t exist in this world, so we must wait until we return to the Four Divine Heavens before we continue." Su Liqing said.

"I see... As long as you can be healed." Qi Yue nodded, and then she continued with a smile on her face, "Once I am old enough, I also want to carry Su Yang’s children!"

"You’re thinking too far ahead, Qi Yue. Having children is no easy task, and it’s not something you should take lightly. You’ll have a lot of responsibility. Knowing your character, it’ll be some time before you’re ready for children." Liu Lanzhi chuckled.

"I’ll be fine, Sister Liqing! And I will wait until after you give birth before I ask Su Yang to i.m.p.r.e.g.n.a.t.e me as well!"

"Do whatever you want." Su Liqing shook her head with a defeated smile on her face.

After spending another week with Lian Li and their newborn, Su Yang gathered his alchemy disciples.

Cai Yan, Luo Yixiao, and Bai Lihua gathered at the Profound Blossom Sect. And although Senior Zeng wasn’t officially his disciple, Su Yang asked for his presence as well.

"There are three weeks left before I leave this world, so I will be giving you guys one last lesson before I graduate all of you as my disciples." Su Yang said to them.

"Well, even though I call it a lesson, I won’t be teaching you anything." He added a second later.

Su Yang then retrieved a table and placed it in front of them before taking out four scrolls and placing them on the table.

"This is called a Scroll of Knowledge, and they contain all of my knowledge in alchemy, so as long as you study that, you will continue to grow as an alchemist even when I am no longer in this world." Su Yang said to them.

"A-All of your knowledge?" The disciples stared at him with a gawking expression on their faces.

"Well, not literally all of it. Just all of what you need to know to improve your alchemy skills," he said.

"Cai Yan, step forward." Su Yang suddenly said after picking up one of the scrolls.

Once Cai Yan stepped forward, Su Yang handed her one of the scrolls and said to her, "Good luck."

"Thank you, Master!" Cai Yan bowed to him after accepting the scroll.

"Luo Yixiao, step forward."

Su Yang handed a scroll to her as well.

"Good luck."

"Thank you, Master." Luo Yixiao bowed.

After Luo Yixiao was Bai Lihua.

"Although you’ll be coming with me to the Divine Heavens, this scroll will still be of use to you, especially since there will be times when I have to be away."

Bai Lihua nodded, "Thank you, Master."

"Although you’re not my disciple, I admire your passion for alchemy, so I will be giving this scroll to you as a fellow alchemist, not as your Master."

"Thank you, Su Yang!" Senior Zeng clasped his hands and bowed to him with respect.

"You guys can return to your own homes now, but if you still want to stay in the Profound Blossom Sect for a little longer, I won’t have any complaints."

"I will stay here until you leave, Master." Cai Yan said to him.

"I will as well." Luo Yixiao said.

"Okay."

Sometime later, Su Yang dismissed them. However, he made Cai Yan stay a little bit longer.

"Here." Su Yang suddenly handed her a storage ring.

"What’s this?" Cai Yan raised her eyebrows, wondering what was inside.

"It’s for our child." Su Yang said, and he continued, "Although I won’t be here to take care of the child, I won’t leave without doing anything either. After all, I still have some responsibility as the father to make sure our child grows up properly."

"Master..." Cai Yan’s eyes widened.

"I am no longer your Master. Just call me Su Yang," he said with a smile.