Chapter 863 - Yan Yan's Decision

"Anyways, inside the storage ring are a couple of cultivation techniques, some resources that will assure that the child will grow up smoothly, and some treasures for protection. I thought about leaving some pills for the child, but I’ll leave that in your hands." Su Yang said to her.

"T-Thank you, Su Yang..." Cai Yan said with tears falling down her face.

"Don’t even mention it. I am merely fulfilling my duty as the father."

Cai Yan wiped her tears before nodding with a bright smile on her pretty face.

After Cai Yan returned to her own living quarters, Su Yang went to meet with Yan Yan.

"Have you come to a decision yet? You can stay here and become the number one expert in the world and live the rest of your life without any restrictions or... you can risk everything and follow me to the Divine Heavens." Su Yang asked her.

"I want to follow you, Master." Yan Yan said.

"Why? I don’t understand you at all." Su Yang sighed.

It was not like Yan Yan loved him like the others who also decided to leave everything behind just to follow him. Furthermore, with Yan Yan’s godly talents, she would, without a doubt, become the number one cultivator in this small world.

If it was anyone else, they would have decided to stay in this world. In fact, they wouldn’t even have thought about leaving in the first place.

"Because I don’t have any reason to be here, and the spirits are telling me to follow you, Master."

"The Profound Qi is telling you to follow me? Why?" Su Yang’s eyes widened with surprise.

"I don’t know." Yan Yan shrugged her small shoulders.

"..."

After a moment of silence, Su Yang sighed in a defeated voice, "Fine. You can follow me to the Divine Heavens. However, don’t blame me if you lose your talents because I have already warned you countless times by now."

"I understand." Yan Yan nodded in a calm manner.

Sometime later, Su Yang said to Yan Yan, "Since we’re going to leave soon, let’s give the Moon Rock back to Qiuyue."

Yan Yan nodded and handed the Moon Rock back to him.

"Okay. You can start preparing yourself now. We will leave the sect in about two weeks." Su Yang then said to her.

"I understand."

Su Yang left her living quarters shortly after and summoned all of the disciples in the sect.

An hour later, once everyone gathered, Su Yang said to them, "As you all know, I will be leaving this world in less than a month now. However, I will be leaving the sect in two weeks. Thus, for the next two weeks, I will cultivate with anyone who wishes to do so. Of course, this doesn’t apply to the Junior Disciples."

"As for the Immortal’s Treasury, I will be closing it seven days from now, so you will have until then to obtain as many treasures as you can."

"That’s all I have to say for now. I’ll gather all of you again before I leave, and it will be my last gathering."

After Su Yang ended the gathering, the female disciples immediately swarmed him so they could set an appointment with him.

"Calm down. I’ll make sure everyone here gets to cultivate with me at least one time before I leave." Su Yang said to them with a smile on his face.

Sometime later, Su Yang began cultivating with the disciples, and he would spend the next week cultivating nonstop. And to make things more convenient, Su Yang went to the Yang Pagoda so whoever wanted to cultivate with him only needed to line up.

A week later, one of the sect elders approached Su Yang.

"Sect Master, you have a visitor."

"Visitor? I remember I stopped accepting visitors long ago." Su Yang raised his eyebrows. Who could it possibly be?

"Yes, but this Burning Lotus Sect disciple said she wouldn’t leave until she speaks with you, even if we beat her to death... Sect Master Liu also said to ask you."

"Burning Lotus Sect disciple? Who is this person?"

"She goes by the name Lin Shao Shang, Sect Master."

"Oh?" A smile appeared on Su Yang’s face when he heard this familiar name.

Seeing Su Yang’s smile, the sect elder could somewhat guess his response, "I guess I’ll let her see you?"

"Yes, tell her to come here." Su Yang nodded.

"Very well, Sect Master." The sect elder bowed to him before leaving the place.

"Isn’t Lin Shao Shang a top genius from the Burning Lotus Sect?" The female disciple lying beside him suddenly asked.

"Yes. I fought her at the Regional Tournament."

"I wonder what she wants from you."

"I can already imagine." Su Yang said, still with a smile on his face.

Sometime later, a beautiful young lady walked up the stairs and stood before Su Yang, who was sitting on the bed in the lotus position and completely n.a.k.e.d.

"Since you’re here, does this mean you have finally decided to cultivate with me?" Su Yang asked her with a smile on his face.

Lin Shao Shang’s face flushed with redness after hearing his words, but she didn’t refute him.

In fact, she even nodded her head in a bashful manner.

"Why now? You had a chance a few weeks ago when I cultivated with almost anyone." Su Yang then asked her.

"I-I was in closed cultivation at that time! I didn’t even know of the event until I came out!" Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"But that doesn’t explain why you suddenly decided to come here when you have refused me so many times already."

"I heard that you were leaving soon, and I realized that if I keep lying to myself, I will regret it sooner or later. Therefore, I decided to listen to my heart and came here. If you don’t want to cultivate with me anymore, I completely understand and will turn around right now." Lin Shao Shang said with a serious look on her face.

"Let’s not be so hasty, Lin Shao Shang. Who said anything about not wanting to cultivate? I am always down to cultivate, especially if it’s with a beauty like you." Su Yang said, causing her to blush even more.