Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 867 - Visiting the Sun Family Again

"I understand, grandfather. If that’s your wish, I will no longer pester you about following us." Sun Jingjing said to him.

"I am going to miss you." Elder Sun said with a smile on his face.

"Me too, grandfather."

A moment later, Elder Sun suddenly said, "Jingjing, don’t forget to give your parents a visit before you leave."

"I won’t."

After speaking with Elder Sun a little more, Sun Jingjing returned to her own living quarters with Su Yang, where they cultivated for the rest of the day.

The following day, Su Yang brought Sun Jingjing to the City of Yuan, where the Sun Family was located.

"Welcome back, Young Lady, Senior Su." The same guard that greeted them last time greeted them at the door.

"Are my parents home?" Sun Jingjing asked.

"They are currently away for a business meeting with a couple of renowned families." The guard responded.

"Business meeting that requires them to leave the house? That’s rare since my parents would usually make the others come to our house." Sun Jingjing raised her eyebrows.

"Well, things have changed since the Sun Family has been getting more and more business opportunities because of Senior Su’s fame." The guard said.

"Su Yang?" Sun Jingjing mumbled.

The guard nodded and explained, "Because of your previous visit, the entire city now knows about the Young Lady’s relationship with Senior Su, and considering Senior Su’s popularity, it’s only natural that people would come to the Sun Family in hopes for a connection." Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"Oh, that makes sense. Then business must be blooming, huh?" Sun Jingjing smiled.

"Absolutely!" The guard also smiled, as the richer the Sun Family gets the more proud he felt working as their guard, and his salary also naturally increases. It was a win-win situation for the Sun Family and him.

"Then do you know when they’ll return?" Sun Jingjing asked.

"They had to leave the city, so it’ll take at least a week."

"A week? That’s too long. We won’t be here by then." Sun Jingjing frowned, and she asked, "Then do you know where they went? We can go to them instead."

The guard nodded, "Most definitely, Young Lady. The Masters should be in Crab City at the Ocean Breeze Hotel currently."

"Crab City, right? I understand. Oh, right. Mr. Hang, thank you for everything you have done for the Sun Family." Sun Jingjing said to the guard, taking him by surprise.

"You have worked for my family for over fifty years, right? I think you more than deserve to be promoted. I will let my parents know."

"T-Thank you, Young Lady!" The guard immediately bowed to her with tears streaming down his face.

Su Yang and Sun Jingjing left the City of Yuan and went to Crab City shortly after.

"Do you know where the Ocean Breeze Hotel is?" Sun Jingjing asked the guard at the city entrance.

"T-Those uniforms! Are you two perhaps from the Profound Blossom Sect?!" The guard was surprised to see such a prominent sect appear in their city!

"That’s right. I’m Sun Jingjing, and I am here to see my parents."

"Fairy Sun!"

Since the Crab City was close to the City of Yuan, they would naturally know of Sun Jingjing, the daughter of the famous Sun Family and also Su Yang’s partner!

The guard then turned to look at the handsome young man standing beside Sun Jingjing and swallowed nervously.

’If Fairy Sun is here, this man beside him must be Sect Master Su Yang!’

The guard quickly said, "Please! Follow me! This lowly one will bring the esteemed guests to the hotel!"

During their whole way there, the guard moved rigidly, almost like he was a wooden puppet, his anxiety as clear as day.

Once they arrived at the hotel that took ten minutes but felt like an eternity for the guard, the guard went inside with them and explained the situation to the hotel receptionist.

"The Sun Family? Unfortunately, they stepped out early this morning." The receptionist said to them.

"Do you know where they went?" Sun Jingjing asked.

"I do not know. I’m sorry."

"What should we do now, Su Yang?" Sun Jingjing turned to look at him for help.

"I will look for them with my spiritual sense," he said.

Although he could’ve done this earlier, it was rude to use such a widescale spiritual sense inside a city.

He then closed his eyes and emitted a profound aura that swept the hotel almost instantly before spreading throughout the city.

"Which expert is using spiritual sense to spy on my city?" The City Lord frowned after sensing Su Yang’s spiritual sense. However, he didn’t dare to do anything, as he quickly noticed that the spiritual sense was much stronger than even the peak Earth Spirit Realm experts in his city.

"I found them." Su Yang said a moment after closing his eyes.

"Thank you for the help." Sun Jingjing said to the guard and the receptionist before leaving the place with Su Yang.

"Where are they?"

"Inside some restaurant with six other families. They must be in a meeting right now."

"A meeting? What bad timing... I don’t want to intrude on them, but..." Sun Jingjing sighed.

"I don’t think they’ll mind, especially if we’re here to say goodbye."

Sun Jingjing nodded, "You’re right. This may be the last time I see them, after all."

Thus, Su Yang brought Sun Jingjing to the restaurant her parents were currently occupying.

"I’m sorry, but we’re not accepting any guests for today." The receptionist said without even looking at their figures.

"We’re not here to eat." Sun Jingjing said, causing the receptionist to look at them.

And when she saw their uniform, her eyes widened with shock.