Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 869 - Ancestral Peak

Once he returned to the Profound Blossom Sect, Su Yang went to the Medicine Hall to look for Su Liqing.

"Hello, Su Yang!" The disciples there happily greeted him.

After spending a few minutes talking with the disciples, Su Yang went upstairs and knocked on the door.

"Come inside." Su Liqing’s voice resounded.

Su Yang opened the door and entered her small but calming room.

"Are you ready to go?" Su Yang asked her.

"I am." Su Liqing nodded as she stood up.

Although he knew they were going somewhere, Su Yang wasn’t exactly sure where they were going, as it was Su Liqing who had approached him and scheduled this appointment first.

The two of them proceeded to go downstairs, and once outside, Su Liqing took the lead and escorted Su Yang to an isolated area in the Profound Blossom Sect that has never been to before.

The area was a small hill that was covered in flowers, and on the peak of this hill, there were a couple of gravestones standing tall.

"This is the Ancestral Peak, where we bury the previous Sect Masters of the Profound Blossom Sect." Su Liqing said to him as she walked to a pair of gravestones.

"This is where the previous generation of Sect Masters are buried. They took me in when my parents died and treated me as though I were their own child, and I treated them like my real parents. I just want to say my final goodbyes to them before I leave this world with you." Su Liqing said.

"Take your time." Su Yang said.

"Father, Mother, it’s been a while. I am here today to introduce you to the current Sect Master of the Profound Blossom Sect and also my partner, Su Yang."

"The Profound Blossom Sect has become a busy— and quite frankly— an entirely different place ever since Su Yang became the Sect Master. All of the disciples are happy, the sect’s reputation has never been so widespread and positive, and the sect itself has managed to become one of the top sects in the cultivation world. Unbelievable, right? I wish you two were here to witness it, but alas..."

After talking about the Profound Blossom Sect for some time, Su Liqing began talking about her departure.

"Soon, I will be leaving the Profound Blossom Sect and this world with Su Yang. The place is called Divine Heavens, and I am filled with excitement. In fact, I haven’t been this excited in a very, very long time. It’s similar to the kind of excitement children feel when they are going to a new playground. I cannot wait to see what kind of place the Divine Heavens is."

"Although the place is more dangerous than this place, I have complete faith in Su Yang that he’ll be able to protect me— all of us."

"Therefore, this will be my last time coming here."

After saying her goodbyes, Su Liqing stood up and turned to look at Su Yang.

"I am ready to leave."

Su Yang nodded, and the two of them left the Ancestral Peak, returning to the Medicine Hall shortly after.

"I’m going to miss the Profound Blossom Sect when we leave." Su Liqing sighed after they returned to her room.

"Even though I haven’t been here for too long, nor do I have any sentimental attachments to this place, I will also miss the Profound Blossom Sect. There’s just something about this place that makes me feel at home." Su Yang said.

"But don’t worry, it’s not completely impossible to return to this world. After all, as long as this world exists somewhere in the starry sky, we will eventually find it and come back to it."

"How long do you think that will take? Searching the starry sky sounds like it’ll take up a lot of time."

Su Yang chuckled and said, "Not necessarily. There are treasures out there that can help us find places no matter where they are as long as we have been there before. And once you reach a certain cultivation base, you can even traverse the starry sky with your own two feet, and a single step could easily take you millions of miles into the distance."

"Unfortunately, that’s beyond my current comprehension, so I cannot even imagine it." Su Liqing shook her head with a bittersweet smile.

Sometime later, Su Yang left the Medicine Hall and went to look for the Fang Sisters.

"Are you sure you don’t want to say goodbye to your family?" Su Yang asked them.

Fang Zhelan nodded and said, "I never considered them as my family, anyway. Not like they care about us leaving, anyway. I would rather spend what little time I have left with Xiao Bai."

"I agree with my sister. I have been with them for the longest so I know how they operate." Fang Xiaoru said.

"I understand. If that’s your decision, I won’t say anything else." Su Yang nodded.

After leaving the Fang Sisters’ living quarters, Su Yang went to Su Yin’s living quarters.

"Are you ready to see the Su Family one last time before we leave?" Su Yang asked her.

"Yes, I am. Let’s go now." Su Yin nodded. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Su Yang then retrieved his flying treasure and brought Su Yin to the Su Family in the Northern Region.

"It’s been a while since I last saw this scenery. It seems to have changed a lot since then." Su Yin mumbled after they arrived at the Su Family’s household, yet the place looked less colorful than she recalls.

Nothing about the place had changed in appearance, yet the atmosphere there was quite gloomy and oddly silent, almost as though something had happened.

"Maybe the place looks different because I have grown up, and I am no longer as innocent as I used to be." Su Yin mumbled before taking a step towards the place.

"Let’s go, brother." Su Yin grabbed him by the hand and gently pulled him forward.