Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 872 - Leaving the Profound Blossom Sect

"J-Join your family? But Su Yang, I cannot follow you to the Divine Heavens... How can I be part of your family if I cannot even be there with you?" Liu Lanzhi asked him. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"I know, and don’t worry, you don’t have to follow me to the Divine Heavens in order to become my family."

"Then why?" Liu Lanzhi asked, as she cannot comprehend it.

"It’s a promise I am making to you— a promise that I will one day return to this world and see you again." Su Yang said to her.

"Su Yang..." Liu Lanzhi was at a loss for words, as she was being overwhelmed with emotions.

"However, I must warn you that it might be a little harsh for you, as there are rules that you must follow no matter if I am here or not, especially since you are a dual cultivator."

Liu Lanzhi nodded and said, "I don’t care. I want to be in your family no matter the cost!"

Su Yang then told her the family rules.

"It’s not so bad. I have already promised myself that I would give up being a dual cultivator and become an ordinary cultivator once you leave. These family rules won’t be a problem for me."

"Are you sure?" Su Yang asked her again.

"Am I sure?" Liu Lanzhi smiled and opened her legs before spreading her slit with her fingers.

"Why don’t you stick it inside and find out?" she said with an intoxicating expression on her face.

Su Yang’s serious look immediately turned into a smile.

"Very well. Let me ask your body instead." Su Yang proceeded to stick his stiff rod inside her cave and began banging her like never before.

"Ahhhh~!"

Liu Lanzhi’s m.o.a.ning voice quickly filled the room, and it would not stop for the rest of the day as Su Yang ravaged her l.u.s.tful body.

A couple of days later, Su Yang released his last load of Yang Qi inside Liu Lanzhi’s body that easily overflowed her cave.

"Su Yang... I love you..." Liu Lanzhi gave him a passionate kiss as she felt the Family Seal on her body activate after Su Yang smeared some of his blood on it.

"I promise you that I will one day return to you. In fact, if you ever decide to come to the Divine Heavens, go through the treasure in the Southern Continent. However, the treasure will only appear once every two years, and when it does, it will only last for a couple of hours." Su Yang said to her.

"But how will I find you in such a vast world?" Liu Lanzhi asked him.

"As long as you have the Family Seal, I will be able to find you and you will be able to find me."

Liu Lanzhi nodded.

"I will take you with me to the Southern Continent before we leave later today." Su Yang then said to her.

"Okay." Liu Lanzhi nodded.

Sometime later, Su Yang cleaned up and got dressed before summoning all of the disciples in the Profound Blossom Sect.

While the disciples from around the sect gathered in one place, Su Yang retrieved his flying treasure and brought Liu Lanzhi to the Southern Continent and the place where the mirror should appear.

Qiuyue was also there, as she has been monitoring the place for the past week.

"How’re things looking?" Su Yang asked Qiuyue.

"See for yourself." She casually said while glancing at Liu Lanzhi.

"Welcome to the family," she suddenly said to her.

"T-Thank you..." Liu Lanzhi said.

"She won’t be coming with us to the Divine Heavens, though." Su Yang revealed.

"Huh?" Qiuyue raised her eyebrows.

This is the first time someone has accepted his Family Seal but decided to not follow him.

"The Family Seal is my promise to her that I would one day return to this world." Su Yang explained to her.

"I see..." Qiuyue mumbled.

"Anyways, the spiritual energy in this place is definitely abnormal, almost like a treasure is about to be born." Su Yang then said.

Qiuyue nodded and said, "The mirror will definitely appear here. It’s just a matter of when."

Su Yang turned to look at Liu Lanzhi and said, "I will create a teleport formation that connects this location to the Profound Blossom Sect, so if you ever decide to come here, you’ll be able to do so with ease."

"Thank you, Su Yang."

Su Yang and Liu Lanzhi didn’t linger around the place for long and returned to the Profound Blossom Sect shortly after Su Yang quickly made a teleport formation at the place.

Once they returned to the Profound Blossom Sect, they could see thousands of disciples gathered beneath them.

"The place sure has grown a lot since the Regional Tournament, huh?" Su Yang said with a smile.

"Yes... And you’re the reason our Profound Blossom Sect is in the position it is currently in. Thank you, Su Yang. I knew it was the right choice when I handed you the position of Sect Master."

"And thank you for picking me," Su Yang said.

Sometime later, after creating another teleport formation somewhere in the Profound Blossom Sect that connected to the Southern Continent, Su Yang and the rest of his family gathered in front of these disciples.

"As of this moment, I will be stepping down as the Sect Master and leaving the Profound Blossom Sect alongside my family. I know the Profound Blossom Sect will continue to grow even without my presence, and it greatly pleases me to know that I was the Sect Master of so many wonderful disciples. Thank you all for everything." Su Yang said to them with a handsome smile on his face.

Many of the disciples there started crying before Su Yang even finished his sentence, especially the female disciples that had cultivated with him, acting almost like they’d lost a loved one.

"Goodbye, Sect Master! I will never forget you!" A disciple suddenly shouted.

"I will also never forget our time together, Sect Master!" Another disciple shouted.

"Farewell, Sect Master! Su Yang! I love you!"

The other disciples quickly followed, causing the Profound Blossom Sect to shake from their voices and cries.