Chapter 882 - Su Yang's Business

"As for my Yang Qi... Although they’re nowhere as powerful as they used to be, they are still quite valuable. Hopefully, there will be some dual cultivators in this place. If not, I will have to sell Qiuyue’s treasures, which I will keep as a last resort."

Although he could easily obtain enough funds for the teleport if he sold Qiuyue’s treasures, they were mostly unique treasures unique to the Sacred Moon Palace, and if he sold something like that in the Divine Heavens, it would undoubtedly raise some eyebrows and attract unwanted attention from the Sacred Moon Palace, something he cannot afford to happen at this moment.

As for the other treasures that would have made him a fortune in the previous world, they were near useless in this world.

Therefore, he could only resort to selling Xiao Rong’s Yin Qi and his own Yang Qi, as they were the most valuable things he had at this moment.

Once he was satisfied with the display, Su Yang placed a sign beside his store that read, "High-quality Yang Qi for those below the Divine Realm and Yin Qi for those below the Ancient Realm!"

After setting up his business, Su Yang took out two chairs and sat on one of them with the other one for Xiao Rong.

Su Yang’s business quickly attracted the other sellers there, raising quite a few eyebrows.

Although it wasn’t uncommon to see people selling Yang Qi or Yin Qi, it wasn’t liked either, as people found it weird and distasteful to sell such vulgar items in public.

What made things worse was Su Yang’s appearance. If it had been a pretty lady selling Yin Qi or a handsome man selling Yang Qi, the people around him would’ve probably been more accepting.

However, Su Yang had the appearance of a fat young master, and it naturally made everything more unbearable to look at, hence the disapproving glances he’s getting from the other businesses.

If the other businesses weren’t forbidden to cause trouble for others, they would’ve already surrounded Su Yang and forced him to go somewhere else if not outright kick him out.

A few hours have gone by, yet Su Yang’s business remained untouched. In fact, nobody even approached his store.

"Hm?" After sitting there without moving even a single muscle for the last few hours, Su Yang suddenly opened his eyes and turned to look at a group of people who’d just entered the bazaar.

A smile appeared on his face, and he turned to look at Xiao Rong, who was sitting there with a bored look on her face.

"Xiao Rong, are you hungry? Do you want to drink some Yang Qi?" He asked her.

Although she was surprised he offered, Xiao Rong didn’t refuse, and she quickly nodded her head.

Su Yang then picked up one of the bottles from the display that contained his Yang Qi before handing it to her.

"Go ahead, but don’t drink it too fast or it’ll be gone in an instant." DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Xiao Rong nodded, opening the bottle and putting it on her lips without hesitation before drinking it like milk.

When the people around him saw this, they nearly gagged from disgust.

How could such a young lady do something so shameless and disgusting in public? Do they have no shame?

However, the moment Xiao Rong opened up the bottle of Yang Qi, the group of people that Su Yang was paying attention to suddenly turned to look in their direction before mumbling to each other.

There were six of them in the group, and they were all very pretty ladies. As for their cultivation, they ranged from the Heavenly Spirit Realm to the Divine Spirit Realm.

"Excuse me, can I see one of the bottles with Yang Qi?" One of them asked.

"Of course. Pick whichever you want." Su Yang said with a smile on his face.

The lady then picked up one of the Yang Qi bottles randomly and opened it.

"Wow..."

They mumbled in a dazed voice after seeing the Yang Qi up close, their faces filled with surprise.

"I have never seen such pure and high-quality Yang Qi before! Where did you get this? More specifically, who produces this Yang Qi?" The lady holding the bottle asked him after snapping out of her daze.

Su Yang smiled and said, "It was produced by a friend of mine. I am only helping him sell it."

One of the ladies there suddenly licked her lips in a l.u.s.tful manner and said, "Can you tell us where we can find this friend of yours? I’d like to have a little chat with him if you know what I mean..."

Su Yang shook his head with an apologetic smile and said, "Unfortunately, I have promised him that I would not disclose his location or identity."

"If you tell me, I will give you a little action with my mouth. How about it?" she suddenly offered.

However, Su Yang didn’t say anything and kept the apologetic smile on his face, his answer clear.

"Che. What a stinky fatty. I bet you’re a v.i.r.g.i.n." The lady sneered after being refused.

"Calm down, junior sister. I’m sure he has his reasons for not waiting to reveal himself." Another lady in the group said, and then she turned to look at Su Yang.

"How much for a bottle?"

Su Yang raised a finger and said, "One high-grade spirit stone for one bottle, but if you buy five, I can sell it for 4 high-grade spirit stones."

"Y-You want a high-grade spirit stone for this little Yang Qi?! That’s daylight robbery!" One of the ladies quickly exclaimed.

"Although the quality is indeed wonderful, there’s so little... And it’s only effective for cultivators below the Divine Spirit Realm. How can you justify such a high price? It’s not worth it." The lady holding the bottle asked him.

"Are you sure it’s not worth it?" Su Yang said with a profound smile on his round face.