Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 884 - Cheng Xiaochen

After Elder Mu left the place, Su Yang turned to look at the disciples she’d left behind to look after him so he wouldn’t run away and spoke, "Do you ladies want a chair?"

"No, thank you." They quickly refused his offer.

Su Yang shrugged and proceeded to sit back down and close his eyes, completely ignoring the disciples.

A few minutes later, one of them suddenly asked, "Does the Yin Qi also contain Celestial Qi?"

While the Glacial Fairy Manor only accepted female disciples and had no need for Yin Qi, she was still curious about its quality.

"No, it doesn’t contain any Celestial Qi. However, it was taken from a maiden who’s an Ancient Sovereign, and she’s even a Ghost Cat." Su Yang said, deliberately not saying ’Phantom Cat’ even though it would surely attract more attention.

"W-What?! Yin Qi from a Ghost Cat who still has her Pure Yin Essence intact?! And she’s even an Ancient Sovereign?!"

The ladies there expressed even more shock than before about the Yang Qi containing Celestial Qi.

Ghost Cats are incredibly rare magical beasts that roam the Four Divine Heavens, and their incredible speed and undetectable aura make it near impossible to see them, much less catch them and extract their Yin Qi.

In terms of value, Xiao Rong’s Yin Qi is definitely more valuable than even Su Yang’s Yang Qi at this moment! And by a large margin at that!

Suddenly, someone in the distance that had overheard Su Yang’s words approached the store and said, "Can you prove that it belongs to a Ghost Cat? The Yin Qi you’re selling."

Su Yang turned to look at this middle-aged man who didn’t look like a dual cultivator.

He then smiled and said, "Because of its rarity, only those who have experienced Ghost Cat Yin Qi before would be able to tell the difference."

"Unfortunately, this means I have no real methods to prove that it belongs to a Ghost Cat, so you’ll have to take my word for it."

"..."

The middle-aged man didn’t immediately curse Su Yang because what he said was right and logical. Unless someone has experienced Ghost Cat Yin Qi before, they wouldn’t be able to tell whether it’s real or not.

If someone inexperienced were to sample Xiao Rong’s Yin Qi right now, they’d only be able to tell that it’s extremely high-quality, but that would be the extent of their evaluation.

After a moment of silence, the middle-aged man spoke again, "How much do you want for one of these bottles?"

"100 high-quality spirit stones each," Su Yang responded in a calm voice.

"O-One hundred?!" The Glacial Fairy Manor disciples were shocked after hearing the price that was 100 times more expensive than the Yang Qi.

The middle-aged man frowned and said, "If you could prove that they indeed belong to a Ghost Cat, I’d be more than willing to buy it, but alas, you have no proof..."

The middle-aged man then turned around and walked away.

Su Yang didn’t say anything and allowed the middle-aged man to leave without trying to persuade him.

After all, he never really expected Xiao Rong’s Yin Qi to sell so easily. Furthermore, he already had enough spirit stones to use the teleport, and he was just keeping the store open just in case someone actually wants to buy Xiao Rong’s Yin Qi.

In the world of dual cultivation, mens’ Yang Qi is sold more than females’ Yin Qi because most men prefer to obtain their Yin Qi in the act whilst many female dual cultivators in the Divine Heavens are picky with their partner, not to mention the ones that want to cultivate like dual cultivators without sacrificing their body, so they buy Yang Qi to improve their cultivation instead.

In other words, male dual cultivators don’t care if they have to ’sacrifice’ their body for dual cultivation since they enjoy sticking their sword inside women and consider it as an honor, so they usually don’t buy Yin Qi. Some even consider buying Yin Qi a disgrace since that usually meant they were unable to find any partners and had to resort to buying Yin Qi.

Meanwhile, for the female dual cultivators, if they can dual cultivate without sacrificing or dirtying their body, they’d do so in a heartbeat, and only females that truly enjoy having s.e.x would become real dual cultivators.

Time passed quickly, and in the blink of an eye, two days have passed since Su Yang opened up his shop.

Near the end of the second day, Elder Mu returned to his shop with a blissful look on her face, and she’d even brought a new face with her.

"Is this where you bought the Yang Qi?" This newcomer asked Elder Mu.

"That is correct, Sect Master." Elder Mu responded in a respectful manner.

Su Yang raised his eyebrows when he saw this beautiful woman that could easily rival even the top beauties in the previous world, as he recognized her face.

"So you’re still the Sect Master, huh?" Su Yang mumbled in a low and nostalgic voice.

"Excuse me?" The woman turned to look at Su Yang with a puzzled look on her face.

"I mean— you must be the Sect Master of the Glacial Fairy Manor, Cheng Xiaochen, right?"

"That’s right," she nodded, completely unaware of who she was looking at.

"You’re the one who sold these Yang Qi, right?" Cheng Xiaochen showed him one of the bottles Elder Mu had purchased from his store. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Indeed," he said.

"I have tested the Yang Qi, and they all indeed contain a hint of Celestial Qi. I know you have already sold out, but do you think I can pre-order more? We’ll even pay double the price for each bottle." Cheng Xiaochen proposed.

"Thank you for the offer. Unfortunately, I don’t know when I will receive more stock from that person, so I will have to decline your offer. I’m sorry, even though you came all the way here." Su Yang said to her.

"I see... Well, it was worth a try. Anyways, if you somehow get your hands on more of them, come to my Glacial Fairy Manor. We’ll not only buy your entire stock but we’ll even slip in some bonus service for you." Cheng Xiaochen said to him.