Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 886 - Tranquil Spirit Valley

After arriving at the teleport formation in the Red Wind City, Su Yang had to wait for a couple of hours in line before it was their turn.

Once it was his turn, Su Yang approached the stage, where an old man was working.

"Put your hands on the crystal ball over there. If you’re a wanted criminal, we won’t be able to let you use the teleporter." The old man said to him.

Su Yang nodded and approached the large crystal ball beside the old man, feeling a little nervous inside.

A few moments later, the crystal ball shone a white light.

"Alright, you’re clean. Where would you like to go?" The old man asked him after confirming that he was not a wanted criminal.

"The Qiang Province. Tranquil Bamboo City." Su Yang said.

The old man nodded and did some calculations before speaking, "That would be 40 high-grade spirit stones."

Once Su Yang handed over the money and the old man counted the exact amount, he said to Su Yang, "Stand before the teleporter. Once I activate the teleport formation, you’ll have ten seconds to enter the portal before it deactivates."

A few moments later, the empty space in the center of the jade mirror began twisting and turning until there was a dark portal there. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"It’s open now." The old man said.

Su Yang wasted no time and immediately jumped into the portal, disappearing from the Red Wind City.

After entering the portal, Su Yang was greeted by the wormhole scenery again.

Of course, it didn’t take him weeks to reach the other side this time around, only a couple of minutes.

After exiting the wormhole, Su Yang found himself walking outside the portal in the Tranquil Bamboo City.

"Tranquil Bamboo City... It’s still the same as always..." Su Yang mumbled as he looked around with a nostalgic expression on his face.

"Hey, fatty! Get off the platform! We have places to be!" Someone in the crowd suddenly shouted.

Su Yang then snapped out of his daze and walked off the stage in a calm manner despite the glares he was getting from the people there.

Once he left the platform, Su Yang proceeded to make his way outside the city, but he wasn’t in a hurry, and he even made weird turns that would make his trip twice as long.

It was obvious that Su Yang had some sort of sentimental feeling for this place.

After taking a few hours just to get out of the city, Su Yang retrieved his flying boat and left the place.

Xiao Rong came out of his Dantian shortly after they left the city.

"Where are we going now, Master?" She asked him after a few days of traveling.

"To where I was born— my home." Su Yang said in a calm voice.

After a few more days of traveling and passing by countless mountains, Su Yang descended the flying boat in front of this small city. In fact, the place was more of a village than a city.

However, Su Yang didn’t enter the city. He merely stood in front of it and glared at it without moving for many minutes before he turned around and walked towards the wilderness.

Xiao Rong didn’t say anything and followed him.

A couple more hours later, Su Yang finally stopped moving as they arrived at this large cabin in the middle of nowhere.

"Xiao Rong, don’t move around carelessly. There are countless traps in this place that could easily kill the two of us if activated." Su Yang said to her.

Xiao Rong nodded her head. Although she couldn’t tell where the traps were located, she felt an obnoxious feeling from this place that kept her legs frozen.

Su Yang then proceeded to stand there and silently stare at the place again.

After many minutes of silence, he spoke, "I don’t see the formations in this place tampered with so we should be fine. Follow my exact movements."

Xiao Rong nodded and followed closely behind him.

Su Yang approached the cabin, walking in a weird pattern instead of just walking straight to the cabin.

Xiao Rong followed his every movement until they reached the doorstep that took longer than one would have expected.

Once they reached the doors, Su Yang made some symbols with his hands before tapping the door.

A formation that had been hidden suddenly appeared, and Su Yang took almost half an hour to deactivate this formation.

Even though he was the one who’d created it, it required a lot of effort and almost all of his spiritual energy to deactivate it temporarily.

"Let’s go. We don’t have much time inside before the formation reactivates. If that happens, both of us are screwed." Su Yang said as he entered the building.

Even though thousands of years have passed since he last visited this place, the inside remained completely clean without even a speck of dust in sight.

"I’m home." Su Yang mumbled in a low voice after his entrance.

After entering the building, Su Yang walked straight to the bedroom, where a medium-sized bed with only enough room for two existed.

He then walked to the center of the room and lowered his body until his knees were touching the cold floor.

After taking a deep breath, Su Yang suddenly retrieved a sword and stabbed it into the floor before removing some of it.

Once enough was removed, Su Yang reached his hands inside and retrieved a black pouch.

The instant he had this black pouch in his grasp, Su Yang immediately felt safer in this chaotic world.

"Okay, we can leave now." Su Yang said to Xiao Rong after quickly fixing the floor.

Su Yang then left the place with Xiao Rong without even looking inside the black pouch.

As they walked away from the cabin, Su Yang said in a calm voice, "This place is called the Tranquil Spirit Valley. I lived here for a good hundred years until my first wife passed, and that cabin was created by the two of us a few years after our marriage."

Su Yang introduced the place and some of his histories with it to Xiao Rong.