Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 891 - Tower of Intelligence

"Master, is that the Tower of Intelligence?" Xiao Rong asked him out of curiosity after seeing the domineering tower, as this is her first time seeing something like this before.

"Yes, that is the Tower of Intelligence. What do you think? Pretty cool, right?" Su Yang said.

Xiao Rong nodded.

"I think so."

"Although it’s called the Tower of Intelligence, there are actually way more to that place than just the information brokers. Auction houses, marketplaces, bazaars, restaurants, weapon stores— it’s everything in a single place." Su Yang said to her.

Sometime later, they descended from the sky and got off the flying boat.

After paying the entrance fees to the city, Su Yang and Xiao Rong made their way straight towards the heaven-piercing tower in the middle of the city.

A couple of hours later, they arrived at the bottom of the tower, where hundreds of people were either entering or leaving the tower, and it was like an endless stream of people.

Su Yang and Xiao Rong went to the left side of the tower, where the people were entering the tower from.

Once they were inside on the first floor, Su Yang said to Xiao Rong, "It’s easy to get separated in this place so follow me closely."

Xiao Rong nodded and closed their distance until she was essentially hugging his body.

Inside the Tower of Intelligence, a single floor was as big as a small city in the Eastern Continent, and there were a grand total of 99 floors in the tower.

Fortunately for them, the information brokers they were looking for could be found from the first floor to the tenth floor.

There were plenty of information brokers available on the first floor— thousands of them in fact. However, Su Yang completely ignored these information brokers and walked right past them, walking straight to the portal that led them to the second floor.

"Master, why did you ignore the information brokers from before? I thought you were looking for them." Xiao Rong asked him.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Anyone can become an information broker here. It’s important that we pick someone competent and reliable for the information. And I am not discrediting the information brokers from before, I simply don’t know them enough to trust their information."

"The person we’re going to has been working as an information broker for 50 thousand years, and she is incredibly reputable with many connections around the world. Hopefully, she is still working in this place, as she has always been my go-to person whenever it comes to getting information."

Su Yang led Xiao Rong all the way to the sixth floor, and he proceeded to look for a certain store.

After walking around the sixth floor for a couple of minutes, Su Yang stopped in front of a certain store. However, he didn’t immediately go inside as there were too many people standing outside.

Seeing this queue, Su Yang was relieved, as this meant that the person he was looking for hasn’t left.

Thus, they began waiting in line in front of this small store that had no sign or anything to advertise the place.

There were about a dozen people in the line, but the people were entering and leaving the store every few minutes, so it didn’t take long before it was Su Yang’s turn.

Inside the store was a single dimly lit room with two chairs and a table.

Of course, one of these chairs had already been occupied by a figure wearing dark robes that covered her figure and face.

Su Yang sat on the chair across from this figure and proceeded to stare at this figure in silence.

"What kind of information are you looking for?" The figure suddenly spoke in a beautiful voice that was very pleasant-sounding to the ears.

After a moment of silence, Su Yang spoke, "I want to know about the Su Family."

The figure visibly trembled after hearing Su Yang’s request, and she even lifted her head a little to look at him under her hood.

"Who are you? Why are you asking about the Su Family?" She asked him.

Su Yang smiled and said in a calm voice, "I thought information brokers aren’t supposed to ask their clients about their identity or why they want their information."

"..."

After a moment of silence, she said, "Due to the unprecedented situation with the Su Family, I cannot disclose any information about them until I confirm your identity and your purpose, and even then, I may not be able to tell you anything."

"Unprecedented situation?" Su Yang asked.

She nodded her head and said, "Under the Heavenly Emperor’s order, nobody is allowed to bother the Su Family, especially after that fiasco that resulted in the downfall of one of the Ten Families."

’Oh, right... Lingxi told me about it.’ Su Yang recalled his conversation with Tang Lingxi before arriving in this world.

After taking a deep breath, Su Yang said, "I am a descendant of Su Yang, Xiao Yang." T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The information broker nearly fell off her chair after hearing his words.

"Y-You’re Su Yang’s descendant? And you want me to believe you when you look nothing like Su Yang?" She said to him.

"I know it’s hard to believe, but I gain nothing from lying. Furthermore, I can also give you some information about Su Yang in return."

The information broker didn’t immediately respond.

After pondering for a few moments, she said, "Not taking your appearance into consideration, I know very well that Su Yang doesn’t have any children because he would always refuse to have children even with his own family. And if he really had children, there’s no way I wouldn’t know about it."

"If you want to fool me, you’ll have to do better than that, chubby."

And she continued in a confident voice, "As for your information about Su Yang... If you really know something about Su Yang that I don’t, I will tell you about the Su Family."