Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 892 - Soul Validity Scroll

Hearing the information broker’s confident voice, Su Yang spoke, "Are you sure about that?"

She nodded and said, "Of course. If you really know something about Su Yang that I didn’t already know, I will tell you what I know about the Su Family."

As one of the best information brokers in the Celestial Heaven and also an admirer of Su Yang, it was only natural for her to gather as much information as she could on Su Yang.

In the entire Four Divine Heavens, this information broker knew the most about Su Yang. In fact, she knows more about Su Yang than even his own family knows about him after spending thousands of years gathering his information, hence why she was so confident that nobody would be able to beat her in this aspect.

Of course, Su Yang knew this already. He knew that she had a lot of information about him. He was even aware that she’d been collecting information about him. However, no matter how much information she gathered on him, she would never know more about him than himself.

"How do I know that you’re telling the truth? After all, you can simply say that you already know the information even if you really don’t." Su Yang suddenly said to her.

The information broker remained calm and said, "That is indeed true. However, I can say the same to you. How do I know that whatever information you’re going to give me is real? After all, you can make up anything and claim it’s real."

And she continued, "I have worked as an information broker for over 10,000 years with countless customers, yet I do not have a single dissatisfied customer, nor have I ever given false information. My reputation within the Celestial Heaven is unshakable. I have countless connections across all four Divine Heavens. However, what about you? You’re just a nobody as far as I’m aware, fatty."

Hearing the information broker’s sharp words, a mysterious smile appeared on Su Yang’s round face.

"Well said. Then how about we do this using a Soul Validity Scroll?" Su Yang suddenly suggested.

"A Soul Validity Scroll? Are you serious?" The information broker was surprised that he would dare to suggest something like that.

Of course, she wasn’t worried about it affecting her since she has no reason to lie, but for Su Yang, who’s a nobody, to resort to a Soul Validity Scroll meant that he was also confident in himself.

"Do I look like I am joking?" Su Yang looked at her with a nonchalant look on his face.

"..."

The information broker found his demeanor familiar for some reason, but she didn’t have the time to think about it. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Okay. If you want to use a Soul Validity Scroll, let’s do it."

The information broker then stood up and went to the back of the store for a minute before returning with a sealed scroll in her hands.

Once she returned to her seat, she placed the scroll on the small table between them and said, "Whenever you’re ready."

Su Yang looked at the scroll in silence for a moment.

A Soul Validity Scroll is normally used during extreme situations where two parties do not trust each other and risk their soul in the process, and the Soul Validity Scroll has the ability to tell whether someone is telling the truth or not simply by examining one’s memories and soul.

Although there are other methods to tell whether one was lying or telling the truth, they were not as accurate as the Soul Validity Scroll that has never failed before.

"What? Are you having second thoughts?" The information broker suddenly asked him.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Yeah right."

He then placed his hand on the other side of the Soul Validity Scroll.

"Let’s start with a test, shall we?" The information broker said, and she continued, "My name is Mu Yuechan."

The Soul Validity Scroll emitted a light blue glow a moment after she said her name.

Su Yang then said, "I am a cultivator at the Sovereign Spirit Realm."

The Soul Validity Scroll emitted a light blue glow again.

Mu Yuechan raised her eyebrows under her large hood that covered her face. Even though Su Yang told the truth just now, she still found it weird, as she had expected Su Yang to reveal his name to follow her.

’Is he hiding his name for some reason?’ Mu Yuechan wondered inwardly.

A moment later, she said, "Good. Let’s do this for real now."

And she continued, "If you tell me something about Su Yang that I don’t already know, I will tell you everything I know about the Su Family."

The Soul Validity Scroll emitted a light blue light.

Su Yang nodded and said, "What I am about to say is completely true and not made up."

Of course, Su Yang would trust Mu Yuechan even without needing the Soul Validity Scroll. However, that was not the case for Mu Yuechan, as she didn’t know him, hence why Su Yang resorted to this method.

Su Yang closed his eyes and took a deep breath.

A moment later, he opened his eyes and began speaking in a calm voice, telling Mu Yuechan something that only he, Su Yang, would know, and it was about an embarrassing moment that he had when he was still young and naive.

Mu Yuechan’s eyes widened with shock and disbelief when she heard this information, as she couldn’t believe that the Su Yang she knew would have such an embarrassing secret.

Su Yang then continued, "What I said just now was the truth. It was not made up at all."

When Mu Yuechan saw the Soul Validity Scroll emit a light blue glow, her eyes widened even more.

"I-Impossible..." Mu Yuechan mumbled in a dazed voice.

"Ahem!" Su Yang had to clear his throat after revealing one of his top secrets, and then he said, "It’s your turn. Now, tell me, did you know about this information prior to today?"

After a long moment of silence, she mumbled in a low and defeated voice, "No... I did not..."

A second later, the Soul Validity Scroll emitted a light blue glow.