Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 893 - Are All of Them Still Alive?

Seeing the light blue glow, Su Yang smiled and removed his hand from the Soul Validity Scroll at the same time.

"There you have it. Now tell me everything you know about the Su Family," he said to Mu Yuechan, who remained completely still and silent.

After a few minutes of silence, she tossed the Soul Validity Scroll to the side and removed the hood covering her face, revealing to Su Yang her stunningly beautiful appearance and the deep frown on her face.

"How... Where did you get this information about Su Yang?" Mu Yuechan asked him in a solemn voice, clearly unhappy that she’d lost to some unknown fatty like him.

"I have spoken to nearly every single woman that had a connection with Su Yang, yet I don’t know about this!"

Seeing Mu Yuechan’s body trembling slightly, he said, "I already told you that I was Su Yang’s descendant, right? I heard it from my mother, who heard it from Su Yang himself."

Mu Yuechan narrowed her eyes at him, then she picked up the Soul Validity Scroll from the floor and placed it on the table again.

"Go ahead. I dare you to say that again while holding the Soul Validity Scroll!" She said, clearly not believing his bullshit.

Su Yang cleared his throat and said, "This wasn’t part of our agreement."

If he listened to Mu Yuechan and repeated those words while holding the Soul Validity Scroll, there was no doubt in his mind that his soul would be shattered into countless pieces for lying.

"Hmph! You might be able to fool others with that nonsense, but you won’t fool me!" Mu Yuechan then said.

Su Yang shrugged, "Not my problem."

And he continued, "Are you going to tell me about the Su Family or are you going to go back on your own words now that you’re no longer touching the scroll? I’ll start a protest outside your store if you do that, though."

"Or I can kill you right here and pretend none of this had happened," she said to him in a cold voice.

Su Yang laughed and said, "If you really do that, Su Yang might come back to life and spank your b.u.t.t."

"W-What the heck are you talking about?! How dare you say such vulgar things before me!" Mu Yuechan suddenly stood up with a red face.

"What? You think I’d know about one of Su Yang’s secrets yet not know about your relationship with him? I know you’ve cultivated with him before. One thousand and sixty-nine times to be exact." Su Yang said.

"H-How do you know such a thing?! Who are you, really?!" Mu Yuechan staggered in place with disbelief and even a hint of fear on her face, nearly falling on the ground.

"Who I am isn’t important right now. I want to know about the Su Family." Su Yang suddenly stopped laughing and wore a serious-looking expression on his face.

"..."

After a moment of silence, Mu Yuechan returned to her seat, but she didn’t say anything for a long time.

"What do you want to know about the Su Family?" She asked him sometime later.

"Tell me about what happened to them first. Who attacked them?"

"Four of the Ten Families and one from the Four Supreme Clans," she said.

"I want names."

"..."

"The Dai Family, Chu Family, Lu Family, and the Chi Family of the Ten Families. As for the Four Supreme Clans... It was the Ning Clan." Mu Yuechan revealed to him the culprits that dared to attack the Su Family after his death.

"The Dai Family, Chu Family, Lu Family, Chi Family, and the Ning Clan..." Su Yang repeated their names again and again as though he wanted to engrave their names into his heart.

"What happened to the Su Family during the attack?" Su Yang then asked.

"Nothing really happened to the Su Family since someone interfered and protected the Su Family before the attackers could even do any real damage."

"That person wielding a sword the size of a star, correct?"

"That’s right. And if you’re going to ask me for the identity of that person— I don’t know." Mu Yuechan said to him.

"I have been trying to obtain information regarding that individual’s identity for a while now, but alas, all of my efforts have been fruitless thus far. It’s like nobody in this world knows that person. I have never seen anything like this before."

"Anyways, any more questions regarding the Su Family?" she asked him.

"Where is the Su Family right now?"

"Well... My answer will depend on who you’re looking for, as most of the Su Family had separated from each other after Su Yang’s death. Though, not everyone separated. Some of them decided to create a sect together while others returned to their own family and previous homes. I believe a few of them even decided to live in seclusion for the rest of their lives."

"..."

Su Yang was speechless after hearing this information. To think his family would scatter before he could return. But he wasn’t too surprised, as he was the foundation and core of the family, and without a core, everything else will eventually collapse, just like cultivation itself. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

After a moment of silence, Su Yang asked Mu Yuechan one of the most difficult questions he had to ask to date—

"Are... Are all of them still alive?"

When Mu Yuechan shook her head, Su Yang felt his heart turn cold before feeling indescribable pain.

However, Mu Yuechan spoke a moment later, "I don’t know."

"W-What?" Su Yang proceeded to stare at her with widened eyes.

"I said I don’t know. I stopped gathering information about the Su Family after they scattered. Su Yang is no longer in this world, so I don’t have any d.e.s.i.r.e or reason to continue gathering information about them, not to mention the Heavenly Emperor’s order that advises us to not bother the Su Family anymore." Mu Yuechan explained to him.

"S-So they might all still be alive..." Su Yang mumbled to himself, feeling slightly more relieved now.

However, he still didn’t know if they were all safe, and this uncertainty was more than enough to keep him from being completely relaxed.