Chapter 896 - Frozen Palace

"Welcome to Crystal Armory! How can we help you?" A middle-aged man greeted Su Yang and Xiao Rong at the doors.

"I’m heading to the Frozen Asgard so we’ll need some clothes to protect us from the cold." Su Yang said.

"The Frozen Asgard, right? Please follow me. I can guarantee you that we’ll have everything you need." The middle-aged man said.

Su Yang nodded and followed him upstairs to the top floor.

"How long do you intend on staying in the Frozen Asgard? We have clothes that can protect you against the Eternal Chill for one month, six months, or one year."

"Give us the one that lasts for six months." Su Yang said.

"I understand. Then would you like to pick from what we already have in store, or do you prefer custom-made clothes that’ll fit your body perfectly? It’ll cost 1,000 medium-grade spirit stones for the former and 1 high-grade spirit stone for the latter."

Su Yang looked around the room before asking, "How long will it take to get it custom-made?"

"One month at the latest."

"We’ll get it custom made." Su Yang nodded.

"That will be 2 high-grade spirit stones in total. We will immediately begin taking your measurements afterward."

Once Su Yang handed 2 high-grade spirit stones to the middle-aged man, he said, "Thank you for your business, esteemed guest. Please wait a moment while I get someone to take your measurements."

A few minutes later, the middle-aged man returned to them with a young woman by his side.

Once everything was done, the middle-aged man handed Su Yang two tokens.

"Please keep these tokens safe. We will ask for them when you pick up the clothes. Also, you can come and ask for updates, but the earliest it’ll be ready in three weeks."

Su Yang accepted the tokens before leaving the store.

"Well, we have a month to spare. Is there anything specific you want to do?" Su Yang asked Xiao Rong afterward.

Xiao Rong didn’t say anything, yet Su Yang knew exactly what she wanted by her gaze that was looking at his groin area.

Su Yang chuckled and said, "Alright, I will find us a hotel later. For now, let’s go eat some food. Although I don’t eat unless it’s a special occasion, I feel like eating for some reason."

As cultivators above the Earth Spirit Realm, food wasn’t necessary for their survival, as they can acquire the same benefit and more from absorbing spiritual energy.

Thus, Su Yang and Xiao Rong began hopping from restaurant to restaurant until they were bored of eating.

Once they were finished eating, Su Yang led Xiao Rong to this luxurious building that had ten floors.

"Welcome to the Frozen Palace."

A young woman greeted them at the door.

Su Yang went straight to the reception desk after entering the building.

"Give me a room on the tenth floor for 1 month," he said to the pretty young lady working behind the desk.

"Have you been here before, esteemed guest?" The young lady asked him with a smile on her face.

"No."

"Can I have your name?"

"Xiao Yang."

The young lady nodded and said, "Then, Young Master Xiao, it would cost 50,000 medium-grade spirit stones or 5 high-grade spirit stones to rent a room on the tenth floor for 30 days. You must pay 70 percent upfront and the rest when you leave."

Su Yang placed five high-grade spirit stones on the desk and said, "Here."

"Thank you very much. Please give me a moment to get your keys."

Sometime later, the young lady handed a token to Su Yang.

"Please enjoy your stay. If there’s anything you need, there will be workers in the hallway around the clock to assist you."

Once Su Yang had the keys, he went upstairs to the tenth floor with Xiao Rong.

The moment they stepped onto the tenth floor, the spiritual energy in that area immediately became many times thicker.

The spiritual energy was so thick that when Su Yang inhaled, he would feel his cultivation base soar a little.

This is exactly why he decided to spend so much money on a hotel. The Frozen Palace is a unique place that has special formations that attract the surrounding spiritual energy before enhancing its quality.

If he stayed here for a month, he’d be able to breakthrough two levels without needing to absorb any Yin Qi.

Once they reached their room, Su Yang used the token to open the door that was protected by a powerful formation that even he would not be able to break at his current level.

"Enjoy your stay, esteemed guests."

After closing the door, Su Yang said, "I’m going to take a warm bath first. Wanna join?"

Xiao Rong nodded. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

A moment later, they went to the bathroom that had a bathtub as large as an entire room and with hot water already prepared.

Su Yang loosened his robes before tossing them to the side and entering the bath.

Xiao Rong followed him and undressed.

"Come here." Su Yang pointed at his legs.

Xiao Rong nodded and entered the bath before sitting directly on top of Su Yang’s legs.

Su Yang then hugged her petite body from behind.

A few moments later, his hands approached the closed slit between her legs.

Meanwhile, somewhere in the Celestial Heaven, Mu Yuechan approached a large portal that was protected by multiple guards.

"Halt!" The guards shouted at her from a distance.

Mu Yuechan didn’t stop and tossed a medallion at one of the guards.

"My name is Mu Yuechan, and I am going to the Sacred Lands!" she declared.

"Mu Yuechan?!" The guards appeared to be shocked by her name.