Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 900 - What if It’s a Trap?

"I will see you at the Frozen Azure Cave in three months when the Azure Lotus blooms..." Luo Ziyi repeated the message in a low voice, and memories began flashing through her mind.

After a long moment of silence, she turned to look at Mu Yuechan with a serious expression on her face, and she spoke in a solemn voice, "Tell me everything about this Xiao Yang."

"Sure..." Mu Yuechan nodded in a somewhat dazed face.

This was her first time seeing Luo Ziyi acting so serious.

A few moments later, Luo Ziyi brought the two of them inside the building where they were seated.

"Now tell me everything." Luo Ziyi repeated.

Mu Yuechan nodded and proceeded to recall her encounter with Xiao Yang and everything they spoke about.

Of course, she didn’t tell them about Su Yang’s secrets that she’d learned from him, as this was her own secret. Though she did tell him that in exchange for her information, Xiao Yang gave her information on Su Yang.

Luo Ziyi held a serious expression on her face this entire time, not daring to miss a single word coming out of Mu Yuechan’s mouth, even staring at her without blinking until the end.

"So you have no information on this Xiao Yang despite being the best information broker in the Four Divine Heavens? Your title is questionable." Luo Ziyi said to her in a slightly mocking tone.

"Wha—! That was uncalled for!" Mu Yuechan quickly said, and she continued, "I just wasn’t given any time to look him up because I came straight here after our conversation! Give me a month and I’ll dig out everything about him!"

"No need." Luo Ziyi stood up and said.

"What do you mean?"

"You don’t need to find out about him since I have an idea."

"Really?! Who is he?!" Mu Yuechan asked.

"I also want to know. Is he an acquaintance of yours, Sister Ziyi?" Wang Yunxuan asked her.

Luo Ziyi showed a mysterious smile on her face and said, "I don’t want to get your hopes up so I won’t say anything for now."

"Let the other sisters know that I will be gone for a while."

"Where are you going?"

"Frozen Azure Cave," she responded in a calm voice.

"What? You’re really going there? What if it’s a trap? The Azure Lotus won’t bloom in three months!" Mu Yuechan said to her.

Luo Ziyi shook her head, "This has nothing to do with the Azure Lotus. Anyways, I am going to go to the Frozen Asgard right now. If I leave any later, I won’t make it there in three short months."

"Should I come with you?" Mu Yuechan suddenly asked.

A smile appeared on Luo Ziyi’s face, and she said, "Thank you for worrying about me, but you have already done enough by conveying this message. From this point forth, it’s my problem."

"How long will you be gone? There’s going to be a meeting with the Sacred Empress next month." Wang Yunxuan said.

"Sorry, but I most likely won’t be there for it. Please apologize to the Sacred Empress for me."

Wang Yunxuan nodded, "Alright."

"I will leave the sect in your hands." Luo Ziyi said to her before leaving the building and flying away in her flying treasure.

"Do you have any idea what this is about?" Mu Yuechan asked Wang Yunxuan afterward.

"Even if I did, I wouldn’t tell you." Wang Yunxuan said.

"What? Why? I don’t remember offending you." Mu Yuechan looked at her with wide eyes.

"You know too much about Su Yang, even more than me," she then said.

"Oh, so you’re jealous?" Mu Yuechan chuckled.

"Of course." Wang Yunxuan said, not denying it.

"Whatever. I’ll go and do my own investigations." Mu Yuechan said before flying away as well.

Meanwhile, after leaving the Lonely Fairies’ Refined Palace, Luo Ziyi went straight to the nearest teleport formation.

"I hope it’s really you..." She mumbled in a low voice as her flying treasure sped across the lands.

After reaching the teleport formation that Mu Yuechan came from, the guards there were shocked to see Luo Ziyi show up.

"Immortal Fairy Luo!"

They all bowed to her.

Luo Ziyi glanced at them and said, "Take me to the closest you can to Frozen Asgard."

"Right away!"

They immediately began preparing the teleport formation without any questions asked.

In the Sacred Lands, Luo Ziyi could be considered the second most powerful individual only below one person— the Sacred Empress that rules over the entire Sacred Lands.

Once the teleport formation was prepared, Luo Ziyi entered it.

Meanwhile, inside the Frozen Palace, Su Yang inserted his thick rod inside Xiao Rong’s tight rear hole while they were still inside the bath. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Even though most of his physical body changed, his nether region remained authentic and unchanged.

This was the same for Xiao Rong, as her caves remained unchanged.

"Ah..." Xiao Rong released a soft m.o.a.n when she felt Su Yang’s meatstick entering her tight hole.

Once his rod was fully inside her butthole, Su Yang grabbed her slim waist and began moving her body while he also moved his h.i.p.s.

Su Yang and Xiao Rong stayed inside the bath for a couple of hours before they left it.

However, they went straight to the bed afterward, where they continued to enjoy themselves.

After an entire week of pleasuring Xiao Rong, Su Yang proceeded to spend the next three weeks absorbing the spiritual energy inside the hotel, boosting his cultivation level by two whole levels and reaching the fourth level Sovereign Spirit Realm.

"Alright, Xiao Rong. Let’s go pick up our clothes and start making our way to the Frozen Asgard. I’m pretty sure Luo Ziyi is already on her way to the Frozen Azure Cave if she’s not there already." Su Yang said to her.

Xiao Rong nodded, and they went downstairs to check out of the hotel before returning to the Crystal Armory.