Chapter 901 - Extreme Cold Resistance Pills

"Welcome back to the Crystal Armory, esteemed guests."

The manager there recognized Su Yang at glance because of his unique and round figure.

"Are the clothes ready?" Su Yang asked him.

"Yes. In fact, we completed them last week."

"Please, follow me to the dressing room to try them out."

Su Yang nodded and followed him to a room at the back of the store, where their clothes that were actually large jackets were waiting.

"This one is yours, and this one is for the young lady." The manager showed them their clothes.

"If it doesn’t fit or something feels off, please let me know."

"Mm... Not bad. It fits my body perfectly, and it’s soft." Su Yang nodded in approval.

"What about you?" Su Yang turned to look at Xiao Rong.

"It’s perfect," she said.

"Well, the fitting is perfect, but what about the formation in these clothes itself? After all, without the formation to protect us from the cold, this piece of clothing will only be an ordinary jacket."

The manager showed a confident smile on his face and said, "Our Crystal Armory has served customers for over 100,000 years. If we would dare to pull such a stunt or make such mistakes, we would’ve long been shut down. However, if you’re not satisfied, you’re free to check the formation yourself if you know how."

Su Yang nodded and said, "It’s not that I don’t trust your store. I just want to make sure, since the Frozen Asgard isn’t a place for mistakes."

He then began making symbols in the air with his fingers, dumbfounding the manager with his profound speed and precise movements.

Once the symbols were completed, Su Yang touched the jackets with them, revealing the formation in their jackets.

Su Yang took a moment to inspect the formation before nodding with a satisfied smile on his face.

"Looks good to me. Thanks." Su Yang then handed the manager the tokens.

"I-I’m glad to hear that..." The manager muttered in a dazed voice, silently wondering to himself the identity of this fatty who’d just displayed profound formation skills that surpasses even the person who refined the jackets.

In fact, if it weren’t for his lack of cultivation base, Su Yang could’ve easily created these jackets by himself without waiting for so long.

"Let’s go." Su Yang said to Xiao Rong before leaving the building.

Once they were outside, Su Yang went to another store that was only a street away from the Crystal Armory.

Xiao Rong looked at the store with interest, as it emitted many unique scents that she has never experienced before.

Upon entering the store, Su Yang walked straight to the reception and said, "Let me get 10 Extreme Cold Resistance Pills of flawless quality."

"That would be 5 high-grade spirit stones," said the man behind the desk.

"5 high-grade spirit stones?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Since when did the price increase so dramatically? The last time I bought them, they were half as expensive."

"When was the last time you bought pills? A thousand years ago?" The man behind the counter sneered, and he continued, "Flawless quality pills are no longer as common as they used to be. In fact, the price of medicine and pills has skyrocketed since the God of Alchemy stopped conducting pills a thousand years ago."

"What?" Su Yang’s eyes widened with shock when he heard this, and he asked, "Did she retire or something?"

Even though he asked this question, Su Yang knew that wasn’t possible. Knowing the God of Alchemy who loved alchemy more than even her own life, there was no way that she’d give up on alchemy.

"Only she knows, but she hasn’t produced a single pill for over a thousand years now despite countless people begging her to do so." The man shrugged.

"I see..."

Su Yang muttered in a low voice.

"Well? Are you going to buy the pills or what?"

Su Yang nodded before taking out 5 high-grade spirit stones and handing them to the man.

The man went to the back of the store before returning five minutes later with two bottles, each with 5 blue pills inside.

Su Yang accepted the two bottles and stored one inside his storage ring before handing the other one to Xiao Rong.

After leaving the store a moment later, Su Yang tilted his head to look at the sky with a somewhat dazed expression on his face.

"Just what is happening in the Divine Heavens?" he mumbled in a low voice.

Sometime later, Su Yang left the city with Xiao Rong on the flying treasure.

"We’re going to fly straight to the entrance of the Frozen Asgard, and since flying treasures do not work there, we’ll have to travel on foot." Su Yang said to her.

"I mean, you can fly, but it’ll attract the magical beasts there, and you don’t want that."

"Before we enter the Frozen Asgard, we need to consume one of the Extreme Cold Resistance Pill. Although the jacket is already good enough, it’s never a bad idea to have an extra layer of defense in such a dangerous place."

Xiao Rong then said, "Wouldn’t it be easier if I entered your Dantian, Master?"

Su Yang smiled and said, "Of course, you can do that, but I’m sure you’d rather stay outside with me, right?"

Xiao Rong quickly nodded her head, and she said, "Thank you, Master."

"You don’t have to thank me. This is compensation for not letting you roam around freely even though I know that you really want to. Once the time is right, I will let you go play as much as you want, but for now, bear with it."

"I understand," Xiao Rong said.