Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 902 - Entering the Frozen Asgard

About two weeks after Su Yang and Xiao Rong left the city with their supplies, they arrived outside a massive mountain range that had an ongoing blizzard.

The blizzard was so powerful that they weren’t able to see more than a dozen meters into the distance, and in their eyes, there was only the color white ahead.

"Wear the jacket and swallow one of the Extreme Cold Resistance Pills. The pill will last for two weeks." Su Yang said to Xiao Rong.

Xiao Rong nodded and wore the jacket that covered her from neck to toes, and once she wore the hood, it covered her head as well. She then consumed one of the blue pills, and she immediately felt her body growing warmer.

Once they were prepared, Su Yang descended the flying treasure about ten miles from the entrance of the Frozen Asgard before storing it away.

They began making their way towards the Frozen Asgard from there.

Even though they were many miles away from the Frozen Asgard, the chill from the blizzard was already affecting them.

When the jacket sensed the cold, it automatically activated the formation hidden within, and very quickly, the coldness subsided.

As they approached the entrance to the Frozen Asgard, Su Yang could see people camped beside the road.

Despite Frozen Asgard’s dangerous environment, people from around the Divine Heavens would come to this place in search of treasures, and if they’re not looking for treasures, they were here for training.

And because of the extreme cold, Frozen Asgard is not only the perfect place for Yin Element treasures to appear, it is also the perfect place for women to cultivate, hence why most of the people gathered there at this moment were women.

When Su Yang passed by these women, they all looked at him with interest.

In their eyes, two Sovereign Spirit Realm cultivators entering the Frozen Asgard was akin to seeking death, and it was rare to see men around this place when the Azure Lotus wasn’t even close to blooming.

Su Yang also looked at these women with interest, but it was not because of their beauty.

Most of the women gathered here appeared to be disciples from various sects, and Su Yang recognized all of them by their uniforms.

’I recognize their uniforms, but I do not recognize these people... What a weird feeling.’ Su Yang thought to himself.

Back when he was still active within the Four Divine Heavens, he would rarely not recognize a woman even if they were just an ordinary disciple, especially if they were cultivators from prominent sects.

The guards standing at the entrance of the Frozen Asgard raised their eyebrows when they saw Su Yang and Xiao Rong approaching them.

Although they were not ordinary guards and were only there to make sure no magical beasts escape from Frozen Asgard, they still couldn’t help but stop Su Yang.

"Hey, are you sure you want to go inside? You’re both only Sovereigns." The guards asked them.

"Yes." Su Yang nodded.

"Well... Good luck, I guess..."

The guards didn’t say anything else, as it wasn’t their job to decide who gets to go inside and who doesn’t.

Su Yang and Xiao Rong entered the narrow entrance a moment later, and after walking for another ten miles in this narrow path, they have officially entered the Frozen Asgard.

The moment they stepped foot inside the Frozen Asgard, tiny ice particles began hitting them in the face, and despite covering themselves in spiritual energy, these seemingly ordinary ice particles tore right through them, making them feel as though there were insects pricking their face.

"Master, how will you know where to go? There’s nothing but snow here..." Xiao Rong said to him.

Before them was a massive land of snow that went as high as Su Yang’s legs, and for Xiao Rong, it consumed half of her body. And since they can only see a couple of meters into the distance, it was impossible to see where they’re going.

"It’s near impossible to navigate inside the Frozen Asgard through normal means. However, I know exactly how many steps we need to take to reach our destination. Just follow my steps and don’t wander around because there are invisible holes everywhere in the Frozen Asgard that are covered in snow. One wrong step and you’ll fall to your death."

Xiao Rong nodded.

"The first hidden passage is exactly 103,021 steps from this place. It’ll probably take us around three days to get there, and we have a little less than 2 months left. Let’s go."

Su Yang began walking in the land of snow with confident and large strides despite not being able to see where he was walking, and Xiao Rong followed him from behind. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

One thousand steps... ten thousand steps... twenty thousand steps...

Su Yang subconsciously counted every single step he took, and after he reached a certain number of steps, he would turn either left or right, rarely stopping his movements.

Although Su Yang made it seem easy, almost like he was taking a stroll in the park, it was actually an incredible feat that unless one had extensive knowledge about the Frozen Asgard, one wouldn’t be able to replicate it.

Three days later, they arrived in front of a narrow path in the middle of nowhere before they even knew it.

"This is the first hidden passage. It’s actually about fifty thousand miles long. We can fly here since there won’t be any powerful magical beasts and it’s a straight passage from one end to the other." Su Yang said to Xiao Rong.

Thus, they stopped walking on foot and began flying through this passage with extreme speed, and since the blizzard couldn’t reach this area, they were able to see much further than usual.

They would occasionally run into magical beasts in this passage, but they were all around the Sovereign Spirit Realm, and Su Yang would take care of them with his Sword Qi before they could even react.

A few days later, they reached the end of this passage.

"We’re back to walking now, but the next passage is only around 20,000 steps away. Let’s go."