Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 903 - Ice Cavern

A few hours after Su Yang and Xiao Rong exited the first hidden passage, they arrived at the second hidden passage that had a zigzagging pathway, which made it difficult if not near impossible to fly there without getting a headache.

Thus, Su Yang and Xiao Rong could only resort to walking this passage.

Ten minutes later, they encountered a large magical beast that resembled a wolf, and it was covered in white fur.

This magical beast emitted intense bloodthirst, and the moment it saw Su Yang and Xiao Rong, its eyes glowed with redness while its mouth drooled with saliva.

After months of wandering around, it has finally encountered humans.

However, before it can even fantasize about consuming these humans, Su Yang gently waved his sleeves, sending a blade of devastating Sword Qi flying towards it, mutilating its body in half almost instantly.

Half an hour later, they encountered another magical beast.

Then another ten minutes later.

Su Yang raised his eyebrows at how many magical beasts they have encountered thus far. Normally, he would rarely encounter a magical beast in the hidden passage if ever, yet he has already encountered a couple in just a few days, and they were only in the outer areas.

’Did something happen in the Frozen Asgard?’ Su Yang wondered to himself.

There have only been a few occasions where magical beasts would show up in the hidden passages and outer areas— when a powerful magical beast chased the weaker magical beasts out from the inside.

A couple of hours later, Su Yang and Xiao Rong arrived at the exit of the hidden passage.

"Master..." Xiao Rong looked at him when they were suddenly blocked by a massive frozen ocean that reached the horizon after leaving the passage..

"It’s alright. This frozen ocean has always been here." Su Yang said to her.

"Follow me."

Su Yang then began flying over the frozen ocean.

Xiao Rong didn’t ask any questions and followed him.

The two of them continue to fly for almost an entire week on this seemingly endless ocean that has been frozen for heaven-knows-how-long.

"We’re here." Su Yang suddenly said. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

However, this cavern had a huge block of ice blocking it.

Once they landed, Su Yang said, "Give me a minute to remove the blockade. It’s actually a formation."

He proceeded to sit in front of the cavern and closed his eyes, seemingly gathering spiritual energy.

After absorbing enough spiritual energy, Su Yang opened his eyes and began moving his arms very quickly.

Tens... hundreds... thousands of symbols began appearing in the air before flying towards the ice blocking the cavern.

A moment later, the ice block began melting, revealing a small entrance.

Su Yang entered this suspicious cavern in the middle of nowhere casually.

Once inside, there was a small room that resembled the interior of a cave, and there were a couple of words engraved on the ice wall, looking like sword marks.

"My love for you will last an eternity, just like this place that has been frozen since the Primordial Era..." Xiao Rong read the words on the ice wall in a low voice.

"Hearing these words coming from another’s mouth makes me want to go back in time and convince the old me to not write these words." A bittersweet smile appeared on Su Yang’s face.

"You wrote these words, Master?" Xiao Rong asked him.

"Yes, I wrote them. In fact, this little cavern was made by me, and I had even cultivated here for a few hundred years while waiting for the Azure Lotus to bloom."

"As for why we’re here..." Su Yang pointed to the formation on the ground and continued, "This is a formation that will take us to the center of the Frozen Asgard."

"If we want to travel to the Frozen Azure Cave normally, it’ll take us at least a couple of years even with the hidden passages since the Frozen Asgard is immensely vast. This formation is the only way we can reach our destination in a short amount of time."

"Hopefully, the formation is still functional. It’s been at least twenty thousand years since I last used it, after all."

"Anyways, make yourself at home while I try to work this formation out. It’ll take at least three days. If you want to look around this place, go ahead, but don’t go too far. Though there’s really nothing to see in this place besides the frozen ocean."

"Okay." Xiao Rong nodded before walking to the entrance without actually going outside, as the blizzard was still raging and she didn’t like the sensation of ice fragments hitting her face.

Xiao Rong used her spiritual sense to look at the frozen ocean beneath the massive layer of ice, and to her surprise, there were many massive magical beasts dwelling deep within the water.

Furthermore, all of these magical beasts emitted power at the Ancient Realm if not even more powerful.

When the magical beasts sensed Xiao Rong looking at them, they released a powerful aura that caused the ocean to tremble slightly, sending chills down Xiao Rong’s back.

If it were not for the unbreakable ice protecting Xiao Rong, the magical beasts would’ve definitely tried to attack her.

This was probably Xiao Rong’s first time experiencing fear, and after that terrifying experience, she went back inside the cavern and remained close to Su Yang.

"Did you look inside the water?" Su Yang asked her after seeing her nervous expression.

Xiao Rong nodded silently.

"Hahaha... It was quite shocking, eh? The magical beasts dwelling inside the waters of the Frozen Asgard are some of the most powerful and terrifying entities in the Celestial Heaven. You don’t want to mess with them. Luckily for us and the rest of the world, they cannot leave the water due to the layer of ice separating the water and the outside world. If the ice ever melts and these guys leave the water, it’s probably going to be a hellish experience for the Celestial Heaven." Su Yang laughed out loud.