Chapter 904 - Primordial Mammoth

Five days have passed since Su Yang and Xiao Rong arrived at the ice cavern. During this time, Su Yang remained still in the middle of the formation while Xiao Rong lazed around on the floor made of pure ice in her beast form.

"Okay, I am finally done. Fortunately, the formation is still intact. Although it was damaged, I managed to fix it, hence why it took two extra days."​​

"Xiao Rong, are you ready?" Su Yang asked her.

Xiao Rong transformed back into her human form before nodding.

"Give me a minute to seal this cavern back up." Su Yang then restored the ice block in front of the entrance."

Sometime later, both Su Yang and Xiao Rong stood on this invisible formation at the center of the room.

After taking a deep breath, Su Yang created a single symbol before dropping it on the formation.

The next second, the formation began flowing with spiritual energy before emitting beautiful blue light.

Whoosh!

Su Yang and Xiao Rong disappeared from the ice cavern, appearing a few hundred thousand miles away.

Once their transportation was completed, Xiao Rong looked around. They appeared to be inside another ice cavern, but it was much more spacious here compared to the last location.

"We are currently just right outside the center area, but we still need to travel another hundred thousand miles before we reach the Frozen Azure Cave." Su Yang said to her.

"However, before we enter the center of the Frozen Asgard, we must prepare ourselves."

Su Yang then walked to a certain spot in the ice cavern before releasing a small amount of his Sword Will.

The entire cavern suddenly began shaking, almost as though there was an active earthquake.

The trembling didn’t last long, disappearing ten seconds later.

"What was that just now, Master?" Xiao Rong asked him.

He didn’t immediately respond, merely pointing at the wall that suddenly had a hole in it, and inside this hole was a small wooden box that could fit even on a child’s palms.

Su Yang retrieved the box and opened it to show Xiao Rong the inside.

"What is this?" Xiao Rong raised her eyebrows upon seeing the near-transparent object shaped into a perfect circle resting inside the box.

"This marble is our lifeline just in case something goes astray. It’s an expensive treasure that allows you to ’set’ a location. Once you have a location set, you can break the marble to return to that location with no limit, so no matter where you are in the Four Divine Heavens, you will be able to return to that location."

"If we run into trouble that even I cannot deal with, we will escape the Frozen Asgard using this marble. However, to be completely honest with you, I don’t want to use this treasure, since there’s a 99 percent chance that I will perish if I go to the set location in my current state..." Su Yang said with a weird smile on his face. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Anyways, are you ready? The center area is completely different compared to the outer area."

They exited the ice cavern a moment later, and to Xiao Rong’s surprise, the blizzard was nowhere to be seen. However, when she looked at the horizon, she could see a white wall.

"The center of the Frozen Asgard doesn’t have any blizzards. In fact, the blizzard only circles around the Frozen Asgard like some kind of phenomenon. Nobody knows why, but if one looked at the Frozen Asgard from the starry sky, they’d be able to see a massive and thick white ring around the place. It’s pretty neat."

"However, the blizzard is the least of everyone’s worries in the Frozen Asgard."

Su Yang suddenly pointed in a certain direction and said, "Look over there."

Xiao Rong turned to look in the direction he was pointing, and she immediately noticed a small red dot moving in the sky.

"What is that?"

When Xiao Rong saw this red dot, her entire body shivered for some reason.

"That’s the eye of a magical beast you’re looking at," he said with a smile on his face.

"What?" Xiao Rong’s eyes widened with surprise. That dot in the sky is an eye?

"That magical beast is named Primordial Mammoth, and it is one of the oldest and most powerful creatures in the Celestial Heaven. Its size is so huge that it could traverse hundreds of miles in a single step. As for its cultivation... Nobody really knows..." Su Yang said.

"Fortunately for us, the Primordial Mammoth doesn’t leave the Frozen Asgard, and it’s not aggressive... If we don’t provoke it. The last time a cultivator provoked the Primordial Mammoth, the whole Celestial Heaven shook for an entire minute due to a single stomp from it. As for that individual who provoked it... Let’s just say his body became so flat that it disappeared from existence."

"The Four Divine Heavens is filled with mythical and heaven-defying creatures such as the Primordial Mammoth. Pretty cool, right?"

Xiao Rong was speechless. The only thing she could feel when looking at the red dot was fear and dismay.

"Anyway, let’s continue moving forward. The Frozen Asgard may be filled with dangerous magical beasts, but if you know where to go and where not to go, it’s really not that bad." Su Yang said to her a moment later.

Thus, Su Yang and Xiao Rong continued their journey in the Frozen Asgard.

Meanwhile, about a hundred thousand miles away from Su Yang’s location, after arriving at the Frozen Azure Cave, Luo Ziyi entered the small cave with a somewhat dazed look on her face.

The interior of the cave was quite beautiful. Despite having no light shining into the place, the walls emitted a gentle blue glow that illuminated the place, and there was a small pond at the center of this cave that emitted the most light.

One would expect the water in this pond to be frozen due to the extreme cold weather, but that was not the case, and the water even showed no signs of freezing.

Luo Ziyi approached the glowing pond and proceeded to stare at her reflection on the still water in silence for many minutes.