Chapter 905 - Underground

"Do you see that cave over there?" Su Yang suddenly said to Xiao Rong after walking for a couple of days without uttering a single word.

Xiao Rong turned to look at what Su Yang was looking at, and sure enough, there was a cave entrance there.​​

However, this entrance was barely big enough to fit a single person inside.

"That cave will lead us underground, and once we enter it, we won’t be leaving for the next 50,000 miles. It is also the last safe shortcut in the Frozen Asgard. There are still hidden passages after this one, but they won’t be as safe, as they are quite spacious so the larger magical beasts sometimes wander in there."

A few minutes later, they arrived before the cave entrance, and Su Yang had to forcefully squeeze himself through the narrow entrance because of his round figure. In fact, he even damaged the entrance a little by doing so.

As for Xiao Rong, her petite frame allowed her to enter with ease.

Once they were inside, it became incredibly dark— so dark that unless one had some kind of vision technique that allowed them to see the dark, they wouldn’t be able to see a thing.

Of course, Su Yang had the perfect technique for this place, and after covering his eyes with some spiritual energy, he was able to see everything without any problems.

"Let’s consume another Extreme Cold Resistance Pill. Even though there aren’t any blizzards here, there are some areas in this place that are even colder than outside." Su Yang said.

After consuming the pill, they began moving again.

As they walked deeper and deeper into the cave, Xiao Rong noticed that they were slowly descending deeper into the ground, and eventually, they arrived before a massive slope made of pure ice that was so deep that they couldn’t physically see the bottom of the slope.

"Don’t worry, this place may seem dangerous, but it’s actually pretty fun." Su Yang said with a smile on his face.

He then took a seat at the edge of the slope and patted his l.a.p.

"Come sit here."

Xiao Rong nodded and took a seat on his l.a.p.

Su Yang then embraced her from behind before pushing himself down the icy slope.

The two of them immediately began sliding down the slope at extreme speed.

In fact, it took them nearly half an hour to reach the end.

"What do you think?" Su Yang asked her afterward, feeling a weird sensation on his b.u.t.t.o.c.k.s after sliding down for so long.

"It was fun," she said.

He smiled, "Then let’s continue."

The cave was dead silent, and the only thing they could hear was the sound of their own footsteps, breathing, and the beats of their heart.

They continued to walk without any rest for two days until Su Yang came to a sudden halt.

"Wait."

Xiao Rong, who was dozing off and had been subconsciously walking this entire time, snapped back to reality when she bumped into Su Yang’s back.

"What is it, Master?" Xiao Rong asked him afterward.

"I can sense people ahead of us," he said to her.

Xiao Rong then used her spiritual sense to look further into the distance, and sure enough, there were people there.

In fact, there appeared to be hundreds if not thousands of people there, and all of them were dressed in similar clothes, almost like disciples from a sect.

"Hmmm... Now this is a surprise..." A profound smile appeared on Su Yang’s face once he recognized their uniform.

Although it took him a moment, there was a good reason why he didn’t recognize them instantly.

"They’re the Restrained Yin Sect, one of the most secretive powers in the Celestial Heaven and also one of the more powerful places. Many cultivators can live their entire life not seeing a single disciple from that place since they rarely leave the sect, and when they do, they go to places where people normally don’t go. Also, they’re a female-only sect."

"They also cultivate a special technique that allows them to eat Yin Element treasures with ease while obtaining its full effects while normal people would only be able to take advantage of a small portion of the treasures’ effects."

"Now that I think about it, their sect master mentioned one time about how they would train in the Frozen Asgard every 1,000 years for 10 years, but she never told me the exact location. I should’ve expected it would be this location since the area up ahead is a little special in the way that it has an extreme amount of Yin Element gathered— enough to kill even a Sovereign Spirit Realm cultivator like me if I am not prepared."

"Anyway, if we don’t disturb them, they probably won’t make things too difficult for us, but be prepared to be questioned by them."

Su Yang said, and he began approaching them.

Once Su Yang was close enough to see their faces, one of the disciples that wore a different uniform than the others approached him with a serious look on her face, and she was an extremely beautiful middle-aged woman.

"Who are you and what is your purpose here?" She asked him with a hint of surprise hidden within her gaze.

After all, it was quite shocking to see two Sovereign Spirit Realm cultivators appearing so deep within the Frozen Asgard. It could even be considered a miracle that they made it here without any injuries.

"Name’s Xiao Yang, and we’re just passing through this place to get to the other side." Su Yang said to her with a friendly smile on his round face.

__

Author’s Note: There is a new voting system for called Golden Tickets for the premium novels that will reset once a month. You can get them through spending coins or gifting the novel a certain amount(500+). If you don’t have this in your app, update the app. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Therefore, in order to bribe you into voting, I shall give you THREE bonus chapters(including daily chapters) for both Dual Cultivation and Cultivation Online if Hero’s Carnage, my new novel, reaches 1,000 Golden Tickets.