Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 907 - Returning to the Surface

After leaving the Restricted Yin Sect behind, Su Yang released a sigh of relief.

"Fortunately, that elder was relatively new and still somewhat inexperienced. If it were any other elders, they would’ve probably killed me even if they knew the risks."​​

"Anyway, let’s speed up. We have less than a month to reach the Frozen Azure Cave, and at our current pace, we will be late."

Xiao Rong nodded, and they proceeded to fly through the rest of the cave.

A couple of days later, they arrived before a massive underground lake that managed to remain as a liquid despite the cold temperature.

When Xiao Rong saw this lake, she instinctively stopped flying and even backed up a little bit, as she still recalled the magical beasts beneath the frozen ocean.

"Did the magical beasts in the frozen ocean traumatize you?" Su Yang chuckled when he saw her acting so nervous.

"Don’t worry, while there are magical beasts inside the water, they’re not as powerful as the magical beasts outside. In fact, they’re actually extremely weak if we compare them to the others, as they are mostly below the Heavenly Spirit Realm."

"Furthermore, if you cook these magical beasts and eat their meat, it can improve your Yin Qi significantly. Do you want to try eating some?"

Xiao Rong nodded.

"Alright, give me a moment."

Su Yang then approached the lake and stood in front of the water.

After staring at the water in silence for many minutes, Su Yang suddenly moved his arm, sending a single strand of Sword Will into the water, almost like a fishing rod.

A moment later, he pulled his hand back, pulling the string out of the water, and at the end of the Sword Will, there was a blue-colored fish with semi-transparent scales the size of his arm.

Su Yang used his Sword Qi to decapitate its head before using his Alchemy Flames to cook it.

The scales on the fish automatically melted like ice the moment it touched the Alchemy Flames.

It only took a minute for the fish to fully be cooked. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Here you go." Su Yang handed the cooked fish to Xiao Rong, whose eyes were flickering with excitement.

After her first bite, Xiao Rong continued to take chunks out of the fish, and in less than a minute, she consumed the whole fish.

"What do you think? Do you like it?" Su Yang asked her afterward.

"Yes!"

Seeing Xiao Rong acting this lively for the first time, Su Yang smiled and said, "Do you want more? There are plenty of them in the water."

Xiao Rong quickly nodded her head.

Su Yang then returned to fishing for more fish.

An hour later, Xiao Rong had consumed over 100 fish in the water, and her Yin Qi improved by leaps and bounds.

"Are you satisfied now?" Su Yang asked her.

"Yes. Thank you, Master." Xiao Rong said.

"Then let’s continue. There are places out there that sell these fish so you can eat more in the future."

Once they were prepared, Su Yang and Xiao Rong began flying over the lake until they reached the end about a day later.

At the end of the lake was a dead-end, but there was no ceiling above them, which made things pretty obvious.

"We’re going to fly straight up now," he said to her.

A moment later, they began flying up, returning to the surface an hour later.

Once they landed, they began walking to the exit that was only a couple of minutes in the distance.

"Master, the ground is shaking." Xiao Rong said.

"Don’t worry, it’s normal. It’s just the Primordial Mammoth moving, and we got close enough to it to experience it."

Xiao Rong raised her eyebrows. They actually got closer to the terrifying magical beast? Isn’t that incredibly dangerous? What if it accidentally steps on them?

"Xiao Rong, you can stop suppressing your cultivation base for now. It’ll be much safer for us since the magical beasts will think twice before they attack us."

"Okay, let’s go outside."

A moment later, they left the cave, returning to the surface that was covered in snow.

And after walking for a little over ten minutes, a magical beast appeared before them.

This magical beast had the appearance of a leopard but with two immensely long and sharp fangs in its mouth, and its fur was completely white, blending in with the background.

If it were not for its elephant-like size, Su Yang wouldn’t have noticed it so quickly, as its cultivation base was vastly above his own.

"It’s a Divine Lord Realm magical beast... same level as Qiuyue." Su Yang said to Xiao Rong.

"Use your cultivation base to startle it for a moment. I will take care of it while it’s distracted."

Xiao Rong nodded and immediately used her cultivation to pressure the magical beast.

When the magical beast felt Xiao Rong’s Ancient Sovereign cultivation base bore down upon it, its body froze with fear.

Whoosh!

The elephant-sized magical beast was sliced in half with ease.

Su Yang took a deep breath afterward, as that single attack had consumed over half of his spiritual energy.

As much as he wanted Xiao Rong to kill every magical beast they encountered, he didn’t want her to attract nearby magical beasts with her immense spiritual energy, and his Sword Will was undetectable unless the magical beasts somehow also knew Sword Will.

Thus, he could only use her to distract the magical beasts while he personally kills them.

After killing the magical beast, Su Yang retrieved a pill and consumed it, and his spiritual energy began to restore itself even without needing him to cultivate, as he didn’t have the time to sit down and cultivate, not to mention that it was incredibly dangerous to cultivate out in the open in this place.