Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 908 - Sword Will

Three days after Su Yang and Xiao Rong emerged from the underground cave, they arrived before a frozen canyon.

"Let’s rest here for a bit. I’m exhausted even with the spiritual energy restoring pills..." Su Yang said to her.​​

He then walked to a seemingly safe and secluded area in the canyon before taking a seat on the cold floor.

"Can I sit there?" Xiao Rong pointed at his l.a.p and asked. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Su Yang nodded.

After getting permission, Xiao Rong proceeded to take a seat on his l.a.p.

Su Yang then stared at the white sky that was snowing lightly.

"Xiao Rong, what do you think of the Divine Heavens so far?" He suddenly asked her.

"I think it’s fun. There’s a lot of new things, and the environment is also very different compared to the previous world," she said.

After a moment of silence, Su Yang asked her, "Do you still not remember anything about why you were inside the spatial device?"

She shook her head and said, "No, I do not remember anything besides waking up in that place."

"Is that so..."

After resting for about an hour, they stood up and continued their journey to the Frozen Azure Cave.

About two hours later, they stopped moving again.

In the distance, there could see an individual currently engaged in a fierce battle against a magical beast that looked like a large ball of fur and nothing else.

This ball of white fur would bounce on the walls and shoot itself at the cultivator at extreme speeds, and the cultivator would try her best to deflect the attack with her sword.

They continued to fight in this manner until the cultivator got used to the magical beast’s movements, allowing her to stab her sword directly at it.

The ball of white fur released a painful cry before falling to the ground without moving.

"Who’s there?!" The cultivator turned to point her sword at Su Yang when she suddenly noticed their presence.

Once she saw their appearance and realized that they weren’t magical beasts, she lowered her sword and proceeded to ignore them.

"Hey." Su Yang suddenly called out to her.

However, she ignored him and continued walking.

Seeing this, Su Yang retrieved his sword and swung in her direction, sending an arc of Sword Will flying towards her.

"What do you think you’re doing?!" The female cultivator turned around to block the attack.

But to her surprise, the Sword Will flew right past her and directly at the ball of fur on the ground.

The seemingly dead magical beast suddenly released another cry when Su Yang’s Sword Will sliced it in half.

The cultivator’s eyes widened with shock when she saw this.

The magical beast had been playing dead? She even used her spiritual sense to make sure its heart was no longer beating! This was her first time seeing something like this.

"Let’s go." Su Yang said to Xiao Rong after finishing off the magical beast, and they continued to fly.

"Wait!" The cultivator suddenly called out to them, even flying after them.

"What is it?" Su Yang turned around and asked her.

"You... Did you just use Sword Will?" she asked him in a dumbfounded voice.

"So what if I did?" Su Yang said.

"Who is your Master?! I also want to learn Sword Will!"

Su Yang raised his eyebrows, and he said, "If you want to learn Sword Will, you should try swinging your sword ten thousand times a day for a whole year."

"Are you making fun of me? As if learning Sword Will is that easy!"

However, she wasn’t willing to give up so easily and followed him.

"Haaa... Looks like we have encountered a weirdo..." Su Yang sighed in a low voice before he stopped again.

He then looked at this female cultivator with more attention.

She looked very young, almost like she was around his age, but her cultivation base was much higher than his own being at the Divine Saint Realm, higher than even Qiuyue’s cultivation by two entire realms, and there weren’t any serious injuries on her body despite training alone in the center areas of Frozen Asgard.

She was also extremely pretty with long black hair tied into a single ponytail behind her head.

One can imagine this young lady was extremely talented but also somewhat inexperienced based on the situation before.

"Don’t tell me you came all the way to the Frozen Asgard to learn Sword Will? What’s your background?" Su Yang asked her, as he was a little interested in her identity.

"Feng Yan from the Celestial Sword Sect, and yes, I came all the way here to practice my sword," she said in a prideful voice.

"The Celestial Sword Sect?" Although he wasn’t familiar with her name, he definitely recognized the Celestial Sword Sect.

’I wonder how that place is doing now...’ Su Yang reminisced about his time as a disciple in the Celestial Sword Sect many thousand years ago.

"I told you my identity, now you tell me yours," she then said to him.

"Xiao Yang. I am not affiliated with any sect, so I am what you’d consider as a rogue cultivator."

"What? If you’re not affiliated with any sect, how did you learn your Sword Will? I don’t believe that you’d manage to learn it by yourself." Feng Yan doubted him.

"Believe what you want. Anyway, I am in a hurry, so I won’t stay here to entertain you any longer. If you want to learn Sword Will, go ask somebody else—- preferably someone in your sect. There are plenty of people capable of using Sword Will in the Celestial Sword Sect, after all."

However, what came out of Feng Yan’s mouth made Su Yang’s body freeze.

"What are you talking about? Nobody in the Celestial Sword Sect knows Sword Will. Maybe in the past when it was a top sect and there were plenty of Swordmasters available, but there are no longer any Swordmasters that can use Sword Will in the sect. They’re all gone."

"Gone? What do you mean by gone? What happened to the Celestial Sword Sect?" Su Yang asked her with a frown on his face.