Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 910 - Unknown Terror

At the end of the canyon was a steep mountain pass with a narrow path that only had enough room for one person to walk on at a time, so walking side-by-side was impossible.

"One would think about flying here instead of walking this narrow path, but there’s a powerful entity that might rival the Primordial Mammoth living down there, and if you fly over it, there’s a good chance that it’ll try to consume you." Su Yang said as he pointed at the bottom of the mountain that was so far down that they couldn’t see the end.​​

"I have seen it happen with my very own eyes. It wasn’t a pretty sight," he added.

Sometime later, they began walking on this narrow path.

"There are two things we have to worry about when walking on this path. One, a powerful gust of wind that will come at random times, and two, the magical beasts that sometimes fly around this area."

"Though most of the time, the magical beasts that fly in this area are eaten by the unknown terror at the bottom of this mountain, so we really only need to pay attention to the wind that could blow us off the road."

"The good thing is that once we reach the end, there will only be one more place we must pass before we reach the Frozen Azure Cave."

Xiao Rong nodded.

An hour later, Su Yang suddenly stopped walking and said, "Cover yourself with spiritual energy. The wind is coming."

The next moment, a powerful gust of wind that was as powerful as a hurricane started blowing their direction, threatening to knock them off the mountain pass. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The wind was so strong that one could see large chunks of ice the size of large boulders being carried by the wind and flying past them before disappearing into the distance.

The wind lasted for ten minutes without any breaks until it suddenly stopped, disappearing as quickly as it appeared.

"Let’s go." Su Yang said a moment later once he was certain that the wind would not be returning anytime soon.

However, about half an hour later, the wind returned again, forcing them to stop.

On the second day, shortly after experiencing their 3rd wind for that day, Su Yang suddenly stopped.

Xiao Rong subconsciously covered herself in spiritual energy when Su Yang stopped walking, but he said a second later, "This time it’s a magical beast. Don’t move and suppress your presence."

Xiao Rong immediately retracted her spiritual energy and suppressed her presence until even Su Yang could not sense her despite standing a few inches in front of her.

’As expected of a Phantom Cat... Their ability to hide their presence is too heaven-defying...’ Su Yang sighed inwardly, admiring her heaven-sent talent.

A few moments later, a massive bird-like creature the size of multiple large restaurants could be seen flying in their direction in the distance.

And surprisingly, this magical beast emitted an Ancient Realm aura.

However, before this flying magical beast could even get near them, something extremely long and flexible suddenly emerged from the bottom of the mountain like a spear, piercing straight through the flying magical beast’s body.

Once this spear-like thing pierced the magical beast’s body, it wrapped itself around the magical beast before dragging it into the depths of the mountain pass, disappearing almost instantly.

Xiao Rong swallowed nervously when she witnessed the scene. How can an Ancient Realm magical beast like her die so easily? It didn’t even have a chance to fight back whatever that thing was!

"What was that thing just now?" she couldn’t help but ask him afterward.

"That was the tongue of the entity that lives at the bottom," he said.

"Nobody really knows what lies at the bottom. Some people have gone down to investigate, but they never returned."

"Do you understand why we cannot fly here now?"

Xiao Rong quickly nodded her head.

"Alright, let’s continue moving. It will take us another two days before we can reach the end at this rate."

Su Yang and Xiao Rong encountered another magical beast flying through the area a few hours later, and it had an even more powerful aura compared to the last one, but it also suffered the same fate as the previous magical beast.

Two days later, they finally reached the end of the mountain pass without any troubles. But because they had to constantly take breaks to defend against the wind, it felt much longer than 2 days for them.

After the mountain pass was a vast mountain valley that only went one way.

Su Yang lifted his arm and pointed at the horizon and said, "At the end of this mountain valley is the Frozen Azure Cave. However, crossing this mountain valley will be extremely dangerous, as there are no hidden passages that we can use to hide."

"Thus, we can only traverse in the open and try our best to avoid as many magical beasts as we can."

"And just like the mountain pass, we cannot fly in this place since we will be in plain sight, not to mention the many aerial magical beasts in this area."

"We still have about two weeks left until the meeting, but this place is the longest and largest area in the Frozen Asgard because this is the very center, so it might require the entire two weeks to traverse this place."

Su Yang said, then he retrieved the black pouch he’d acquired from his old home before tying it right beside his waist, allowing for quick and convenient access just in case anything happens.

"Are you ready?" Su Yang asked Xiao Rong.

She nodded.

"Then let’s go."

The two of them then jumped off the edge of the mountain pass and straight into the mountain valley, before slowly making their way towards the Frozen Azure Cave at the end of this valley.

The moment they landed on the ground, they noticed thick red mist that resembled clouds covering the ground that appeared to be coming from the direction of their destination.

Su Yang frowned when he saw this red mist that flowed like a river, and he mumbled, "What is this red mist? This isn’t natural. I have never seen anything like this in the Frozen Asgard before, and I have been to this place multiple times."