Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 911 - Devil Blood Mist

When he saw this red mist, Su Yang took a quick sniff of it.

"T-This is!"​​

Su Yang’s eyes widened with shock.

Upon realizing what it was, he immediately retrieved some ingredients from his storage ring before concocting a couple of pills right on the spot.

Xiao Rong watched with interest.

A minute later, Su Yang handed half of the pills to Xiao Rong and said to her, "Quickly, eat it."

He then followed his own advice and swallowed the pills.

After she consumed the pills, Xiao Rong asked him, "Master, what is happening? What is this red mist?"

"This red mist is called Devil Blood Mist; it’s a poisonous gas that’s released by a certain magical beast known as the Red-Faced Lizard. However, that shouldn’t be possible, as Red-Faced Lizards cannot handle the cold and are usually only found in the hotter parts of the world."

"And what I just had you consume were poison resistance pills. Fortunately for us, the Devil Blood Mist isn’t very powerful if we deal with it quickly and can be repelled by even ordinary poisonous pills. After all, it’s only used by the Red-Faced Lizard to weaken its prey that is usually other magical beasts, but it covers a large area."

Su Yang then looked at the depths of the mountain valley with a frown.

’Why is there a Red-Faced Lizard in the Frozen Asgard, the coldest area in the Celestial Heaven? Did it consume a treasure in this place and somehow mutate?’ He wondered inwardly.

’However, if that was the case, how did the Red-Faced Lizard get here in the first place? I doubt it came here naturally...’

Su Yang suspected that someone had placed a Red-Faced Lizard in this area for whatever reason, as that was the most logical reason he could think of. As for the reason behind such actions, he cannot even begin to imagine. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Anyways, even if there’s a Red-Faced Lizard in here, it won’t stop us from reaching the Frozen Azure Cave. We just need to be extra careful, as Red-Faced Lizards are usually at the peak of the Ancient Realm..."

"Peak of the Ancient Realm..." Xiao Rong repeated in a low voice.

If they encounter this Red-Faced Lizard, the chances of her being able to protect Su Yang were practically zero.

Of course, Su Yang was well aware of this, but he never expected Xiao Rong to protect him, as he has his own methods to deal with the Red-Faced Lizard if they truly encounter it.

"Let me concoct a few more pills. We’ll need to consume one every hour to protect ourselves from the poison." Su Yang said, before spending a few minutes concocting over a hundred pills.

Once he was done, he handed half of them to Xiao Rong and said, "Now let’s conceal our presence again."

They then started walking into the wilderness.

However, they were walking at an extremely slow pace, as Su Yang wanted to make sure there were no magical beasts around them before he continued further.

Furthermore, even if he spots a magical beast, there was a good chance that they’d spot him as well.

About an hour later, they stopped walking when Su Yang sensed a powerful presence a few miles in the distance.

"It feels like the Divine Emperor Realm..." Su Yang mumbled in a low voice.

Since he was only at the Sovereign Spirit Realm, he could only guess the magical beasts’ prowess that was far above his own, making it impossible for him to see their full strength.

However, since he has plenty of experience, he could guess their cultivation bases just by their aura.

Of course, if a magical beast knows how to conceal its presence or suppress its cultivation base, then it would be pretty disastrous for them.

As for Xiao Rong, who was at the Ancient Sovereign Realm, she also couldn’t tell their cultivation bases, as she has zero experience when it comes to the power scale in the Divine Heavens.

This meant that despite having a much higher cultivation base than Su Yang, she wouldn’t be any more useful when it comes to assessing others’ prowess.

Once he spotted the magical beast, Su Yang stopped moving until he could no longer sense the presence, and then he would alter their direction a little bit to completely avoid the magical beast.

They continued to move like this for the entire day, and they managed to avoid over a dozen magical beasts like this.

"Fortunately, there are fewer magical beasts now than before. This is probably due to the Blood Devil Mist, as the only way for the magical beasts to avoid it is to leave the area."

Despite the poison being incredibly weak for a magical beast as powerful as the Red-Faced Lizard, the Blood Devil Mist can ignore one’s spiritual energy just like the blizzard surrounding the Frozen Asgard, making it impossible to defend against it.

Xiao Rong subconsciously stopped her movement when Su Yang stopped. After following him for the last two months, she had grown used to moving and stopping very frequently.

Meanwhile, Su Yang used a special surveillance technique to spy on the magical beast ahead, purposefully avoiding the usage of spiritual sense, as the magical beasts would easily notice him looking at them with spiritual sense due to his weak cultivation base.

After a moment of silence, Su Yang suddenly turned around and said in a somewhat panicked voice, "Quickly, follow me!"

He then began running in the opposite direction.

Xiao Rong was surprised at first since this was their first time needing to run backward.

After running for about an hour, Su Yang finally stopped and sighed, "That was close. That magical beast almost noticed us."

"Almost? So it didn’t notice us?" Xiao Rong raised her eyebrows.

Why did they run if it didn’t notice them? Wouldn’t their movements attract it instead?

Su Yang shook his head and said, "You don’t understand. The magical beast from before was different from the rest. It has extremely sharp senses, and it even has an ability that’s similar to spiritual sense, and it used it to look at its surroundings. If we didn’t leave just now, it would’ve spotted us."

"Anyways, we can no longer go that direction. Follow me."

They continued moving shortly later.