Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 915 - Reunion After 2,000 Years

Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Ziyi…" Su Yang felt an urge to cry after seeing Luo Ziyi's beautiful face for the first time in years.

Even though it has been technically 2,000 years, Su Yang has only experienced a small fraction of that, as he'd reincarnated only 20 years ago.

Of course, while it has only been a few years for Su Yang, it has been over 2,000 since Luo Ziyi has seen him.

After killing the Red-Faced Lizard with almost no effort at all, Luo Yizi slowly approached them in small steps, and she spoke in a calm voice, "I will see you at the Frozen Azure Cave in three months when the Azure Lotus blooms."

"Tell me, why did you tell Mu Yuechan to convey this message to me? And how did you know about it? That was what my late husband told me when I told him that I needed the Azure Lotus." Luo Ziyi stopped walking a few steps before him.

"You also knew an awful lot about Mu Yuechan while she knew nothing about you. Tell me, who are you?"

"..."

Su Yang didn't immediately answer her, and he looked around the Frozen Azure Cave instead, looking like he was searching for something.

Seeing this, Luo Ziyi snapped her fingers, instantly creating a powerful formation that covered the entire mountain.

"I have concealed this entire place. Nobody will be able to hear us unless I allow them— not even heaven itself."

Su Yang then smiled and said, "What do you think? Who do you think I am?"

Luo Ziyi narrowed her eyes, and a powerful pressure suddenly enveloped Su Yang, threatening to flatten him just like she did to the Red-Faced Lizard.

Although it didn't injure him, Luo Ziyi could do so with a single thought.

Su Yang started laughing at her reaction, and then he said, "You haven't changed at all, Ziyi. Go ahead. Kill me if you dare."

Luo Ziyi's body visibly trembled after hearing his words.

The pressure disappeared the next moment, and she spoke in a shaky voice, her calmness from a moment ago nowhere to be seen, "I-Is it really you?"

Su Yang then retrieved a white pill and consumed it.

A few seconds later, his round figure began slimming down, and his height even grew taller.

In just a few seconds, the fatty before Luo Ziyi had completely disappeared, turning into an incredibly handsome young man with unfathomable charm.

"I know I look a little bit younger than what you're used to, but yes, I am indeed Su—"

Before he could even finish his sentence, Luo Ziyi stepped forward with her arms spread wide open, tossing herself at him.

"Su Yang! You're really alive!" she embraced him tightly with the corner of her eyes overflowing with tears.

Su Yang also embraced her.

Feeling the nostalgic warmth of her body, he finally felt like he was home.

Even though he has been in the Divine Heavens for a couple of months by now, it didn't feel like he'd gone home— at least not until he reunites with his family.

After spending the next hour simply hugging each other in silence, Su Yang finally said, "Alright, Ziyi. As much as I want to continue this, we have a lot to talk about."

"Indeed, we do. I have so many questions for you."

"What a coincidence," he said with a smile.

He then continued, "Go ahead. Ask me. I will answer your questions first."

Luo Ziyi wiped her eyes and nodded.

She then asked him, "How? How are you alive? I… We all saw your corpse when the Heavenly Emperor handed you back to us. And where have you been for the past couple of thousand years?"

Su Yang then retrieved a mattress from his storage ring before placing it on the ground.

"Take a seat. This is going to take a while," he said.

Seeing him take out a mattress, Luo Ziyi smiled and said, "You're definitely Su Yang, no doubt about it…"

Once they were both seated, Su Yang turned to look at Xiao Rong and patted the space beside him, "You can sit here as well."

Xiao Rong nodded and sat beside him in an obedient manner.

Although she tried her best to avoid looking at Luo Ziyi, Xiao Rong would glance at Luo Ziyi every once in a while, as she was attracted by the unfathomable aura surrounding Luo Ziyi's graceful figure.

Sometime later, Su Yang began explaining to Luo Ziyi what had occurred when he was still trapped inside the Eternal Retribution Cliff and how he met this mysterious old man.

He then talked about how he got reincarnated to another world that was not part of the Four Divine Heavens.

"So after you met this old man, you suddenly woke up in the body of another person, but that person turned out to be your reincarnation? Just who is this old man that can force someone to reincarnate? Even the Heavenly Emperor doesn't have such capability… I think…" Luo Ziyi wondered out loud.

"Yes, and I have been trying to get back here since I woke up in that world. I managed to return to the Four Divine Heavens much quicker than I'd expected since I wasn't expecting to return for at least a few more decades if not a few hundred years."

"Anyways, now let me tell you about my experience there."

Su Yang proceeded to lay on the mattress with Luo Ziyi lying beside him, and they both stared at the cave ceiling that was glistening like the starry sky, almost like they were stargazing.

Once they were comfortable, Su Yang began recalling his entire experience in that new world from the moment he woke up in his new body until the moment he stepped through the mirror and returned to the Four Divine Heavens.

Luo Ziyi didn't utter a single word until Su Yang was finished with his story, her hand gently clasped onto Su Yang's hands this entire time.