Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 916 - Reactivating Luo Ziyi's Family Seal

"And that’s how I returned to the Four Divine Heavens." Su Yang ended his story after talking for four hours straight.

"..."​​

"Well? What do you think?" Su Yang asked her afterward.

"I... I am speechless..." Luo Ziyi said in a dazed voice.

Luo Ziyi found many shocking things in Su Yang’s experience, but the most shocking detail of all was that he’d actually managed to find over a dozen women to join the family in just four short years when he’d normally only come back home every few hundred years with a single new addition!

Of course, Su Yang had skipped some ’minor’ details in his story, such as impregnating a few of these women, as he wanted to surprise her with them later.

"Sister Lingxi... So she knew that you were alive this entire time but didn’t say a single word to us despite returning to her original body for so long? I don’t even know if I should be mad that she kept it to herself or happy that I got to learn about it for myself, making our reunion that much more emotional and better."

Su Yang smiled and said, "She was never the type to communicate with everyone else."

"What are your plans now that you have returned, Su Yang?" she then asked him.

"I heard from Mu Yuechan that everyone has scattered after my death. I plan on reuniting everyone. However, in order to do that, I must recover my original strength. If I try to do anything with my current cultivation base, I will die before I can do anything."

"I see..."

"With that being said, do you know where the others are? I only know about your sect and everyone inside. Mu Yuechan told me that most of them had returned to their own homes, but that’s the extent of my knowledge."

"I know the location of some, but I do not know where everyone is," she said.

"Although we would send letters to each other at first, we eventually stopped and continued on with our life."

"Is that so... Looks like it will take a while to reunite with everyone." Su Yang sighed.

"If you want, you can always reveal to the world that you’re still alive. Once word spreads, they will eventually come back on their own," said Luo Ziyi.

"As much as I want to let the world know that I am back, I am still far too weak, and there are plenty of people who would do everything in their power to get rid of me once and for all. Furthermore, even if I can seek protection from you ladies, chances are my enemies will find me first before everyone else."

"Also... As far as I can tell, you ladies are living in peace right now even without me. I don’t want to ruin this peaceful time by revealing my presence."

"So do you intend on keeping the others in the dark?" Luo Ziyi asked him.

"I don’t know if I will be able to keep this to myself, especially when I am in front of the other sisters. We may be living a peaceful life right now, but we’re all silently grieving inside— we have been ever since your ’death’."

"Of course, many of us believe that you are still alive since our Family Seal is still on our body. The other sisters are definitely waiting for you to come back."

"Speaking of the Family Seal... Can I see it?" Su Yang suddenly asked her.

Luo Ziyi nodded and proceeded to loosen her clothes, revealing her perfect body alongside the Family Seal that was located on the right side of her waist. However, the Family Seal was deactivated, lacking the golden color.

"Can you try activating it again?" Luo Ziyi asked him a moment later.

He nodded and smeared some of his blood onto the Family Seal.

Luo Ziyi could immediately feel her body heating up. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

A moment later, the deactivated Family Seal began turning golden.

"Alas... After two thousand years, the Family Seal has finally activated again..." Luo Ziyi looked at the golden symbol with a loving gaze.

Once the Family Seal on Luo Ziyi activated, Su Yang could feel his connection with her return.

"Su Yang."

Hearing Luo Ziyi’s sweet voice, he turned to look at her.

The moment he turned his head, Luo Ziyi grabbed his head before pulling it toward her face.

"Mmm..."

Luo Ziyi began kissing him passionately.

Su Yang closed his eyes and fully indulged himself in it.

The two of them continued to kiss each other passionately for almost an entire hour straight.

Once they stopped, Luo Ziyi took a moment to breathe before loosening her clothes fully, and she stared at him with a passionate gaze, her intentions clear.

"Su Yang... I want to feel your love even more..."

Su Yang didn’t hesitate and immediately removed his clothes, ignoring the cold temperature there.

"Even though you reincarnated, your body appears to be the same..." Luo Ziyi chuckled when she saw the massive dragon between his legs. "But will it feel the same?"

"Let’s find out." Su Yang did not immediately insert his rod into her cave and took a moment to c.a.r.e.s.s her beautiful pink slit with his rod instead.

Once it was soaking wet, Su Yang inserted his rod into Luo Ziyi’s tight and warm immortal cave that hasn’t been touched for at least two thousand years.

The moment his rod reached the end of her cave, Su Yang could feel her inner walls tightening around his rod.

This sensation provided an indescribable feeling of p.l.e.a.s.u.r.e that Su Yang hasn’t experienced ever since he reincarnated.

It was a heavenly feeling that made him lose his mind for a brief moment.

"Mmm~!" Luo Ziyi m.o.a.n.e.d in a soft voice.

"This is it— this is the feeling I have been longing for!"