Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 919 - Leaving the Frozen Azure Cave

"Unbelievable. To think you’d let your husband suffer for your own entertainment... What if I died?" Su Yang said to her in a joking manner.

Luo Ziyi continued to smile and said, "You think I’d let you die in my presence?"​​

"No, but hypothetically speaking, I could’ve died."

"And I am telling you that’s not possible."

Su Yang shook his head with a defeated smile, and he said, "Anyways, jokes aside. Since you’re going to be coming with me, I will alter my plans a little. Let’s go visit the God of Alchemy first. This will be much easier with you by my side."

"The God of Alchemy?" Luo Ziyi raised her eyebrows.

"Yes, is there something wrong? I heard that she’d stopped concocting pills for some reason, but I need her to make me some pills."

"Well... She left her sect about a thousand years ago and hasn’t returned. Nobody knows where she went, either."

Su Yang frowned upon hearing this, but he didn’t panic.

After pondering for a moment, he said, "I think I have an idea of her location."

"Really?"

He nodded and explained, "Yes, she took me to this isolated place when she first started teaching me alchemy. That’s the only place I can think of."

"Where is this place?" Luo Ziyi then asked.

"To be completely honest with you, I also have no idea where this place is— but that is not to say I don’t know how to get there. It’s just that I don’t know where the place is located exactly. I have tried looking for it before, but I couldn’t find anything. It’s probably her own little dimension or something along that line."

"Okay. But before we go, I will need to return to the sect to retrieve some money since I didn’t expect to be traveling with you when I left." Luo Ziyi said a moment later.

"Okay. I will wait for you at the Frozen Palace. You know where it is, right?"

"Yes."

"Also, if you’re going to drop the others off, you can leave everyone but Bai Lihua and Wang Shuren behind, since they’ll be coming with us to meet the God of Alchemy."

"Do you plan on making them her disciple?" she asked him.

He nodded.

"I understand."

"By the way, one more thing... Should I tell the others about you...? You never gave me an answer," she suddenly asked.

Su Yang silently stared at her as he pondered in silence.

A moment later, he nodded, "You can tell them, but make sure to do it within a concealment formation. Even though I am certain that nobody will leak this information, you never know when someone else is listening." Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"I know, Su Yang. Who do you think you’re talking to?" Luo Ziyi said with a smile.

"Then I will see you at the Frozen Palace in a few days."

Sometime later, Su Yang consumed the Supreme Appearance Altering Pill and returned to being a fatty.

"I thought you were going to change appearances?" Luo Ziyi raised her eyebrows when she saw this.

"I will change it when I go to the Boundless Yin Yang Sect. I will remain in this appearance for now since I kind of got used to it," he said.

"Are you ready to leave?" Su Yang asked her.

"Wait a moment." Luo Ziyi turned around and walked to the pond there.

Su Yang followed her and stood beside her.

"Do you remember when we worked together to acquire the Azure Lotus?" Luo Ziyi asked him after a minute of silence.

"Of course. How could I forget? The Azure Lotus that lives at the bottom of this pond and fifty thousand other cultivators trying to obtain it. However, with you by my side, it wasn’t too much work."

"More like with you by my side. I was the one who needed the Azure Lotus. You were there just to help me." Luo Ziyi said with a smile.

After another moment of silence, she spoke, "Hey, Su Yang."

"What is it?"

"Let’s come here again in four thousand years— just me and you. That’s when the next Azure Lotus is born."

"Sure." Su Yang nodded.

After spending a few more minutes staring at the pond, Luo Ziyi removed the concealment formation around the Frozen Azure Cave.

She then left the cave with Su Yang and Xiao Rong following right behind her.

Once they were outside, they proceeded to fly over the mountain valley without a care in the world.

Of course, the magical beasts in the air immediately noticed their presence and decided to attack them.

However, before they could even get close, Luo Ziyi only needed to release some of her cultivation base to flatten the magical beasts instantly.

Eventually, the other magical beasts stopped trying to attack them, and they managed to leave the mountain valley in just a few hours.

Xiao Rong was speechless when she saw how effortlessly Luo Ziyi was killing the magical beasts that they had to avoid and run away from for the past two weeks, and they even crossed the mountain valley in such a short time.

Once they arrived at the mountain pass that had the unknown entity at the bottom, Luo Ziyi said to them, "Stay close to me."

She then retrieved a treasure that completely erased their presence, allowing them to fly over the mountain pass without alerting the entity at the bottom.

"Master, will it be okay?" she asked him.

He nodded, "Yes. You don’t have to worry about it. The entity at the bottom won’t notice us if we stay close to Ziyi, who has a treasure that will conceal our presence perfectly. Furthermore, even if it does spot us, she can defend it just fine."

Xiao Rong felt relieved after hearing his words, but when they actually started flying over the mountain pass, she still felt some nervousness from it.