Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 922 Learning the Truth

"I’m getting there..." Luo Ziyi said with a smile.

And she continued, "Anyways, the reason Su Yang ’died’ was because he’d been forced to reincarnate when he met some mysterious old man inside the Eternal Retribution Cliff, and he reincarnated 2,000 years in the future in some unknown world outside the Four Divine Heavens."

"What? He reincarnated?"

The goddesses were speechless after hearing this.

Luo Ziyi nodded and proceeded to recall to the goddesses everything Su Yang told her— all of his experience within the unknown world until the moment he returned to the Four Divine Heavens.

"Unbelievable... To think something like this could happen..."

They all held an expression of disbelief on their beautiful faces.

Sometime later, Wang Yunxuan said, "Sister Ziyi, I feel like you’re still hiding something from us."

Luo Ziyi chuckled and asked her, "What makes you say that?"

"It’s just a feeling."

"You’re right, there’s still one— actually, two things I haven’t revealed yet."

"One, Su Yang brought with him from the other world more sisters."

The goddesses raised their eyebrows. They have more sisters in the family now? That wasn’t too surprising, though.

"And it’s just more than one or two. There were like a dozen of them, and all in just a few years."

"What?! There’s a dozen of them?!"

The goddesses were shocked now.

While they were used to Su Yang bringing back a new woman every time he would return, he would usually only return with one every few hundred years— two at times.

However, bringing back a dozen new women in just a few years was incredibly shocking and unprecedented.

Of course, it has been over 2,000 years for them, but for Su Yang, only a couple of years have passed since he reincarnated.

"What are they like?" One of them asked Luo Ziyi.

"They’re all really young. Less than a hundred years old, which isn’t surprising considering the world he was in. They are mostly mortals in that world and the Sovereign Spirit Realm is considered the peak."

"Heavens... I don’t even know what to make of that... How long has it been since we have mortals joining our family?"

"A bunch of new junior sisters, huh? At last, I will no longer be the youngest here..."

Luo Ziyi nodded and said, "I will introduce them later."

"As for the second thing... Su Yang has agreed to impregnate me," she said with a blissful smile on her face.

"What?!"

The goddesses exclaimed simultaneously.

"In fact, he’s already filled my body with his Yang Qi. I will be pregnant soon."

"P-Pregnant?! Impossible! He has always been against that!" One of them then said.

"I know it’s shocking. Trust me, I was also shocked when he asked me to have his child even though I have always wanted it. However, I am not lying. In fact, he already has 5 children with the new sisters. They’re all really cute babies. I even held one of them in my arms— his son. "

"What?! Su Yang has babies now?!"

Out of all the shocking news they have heard today, this was definitely at the top.

"Quickly! Let me see the new junior sisters! I cannot wait any longer!" One of them suddenly urged. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Do you want to see the sisters or the babies?" Luo Ziyi chuckled.

"Follow me. We’ll have to go somewhere with more room."

"Also, we are not to talk about this subject unless you are absolutely sure that there’s nobody around and that you’re within a concealment formation."

Luo Ziyi reminded them before she removed the concealment formation and led them to another place— one that was much more spacious.

Sometime later, Luo Ziyi created another concealment formation before retrieving the spatial device and opening the Immortal’s Treasury.

Minutes later, they arrived at the 2nd floor where the others were living.

"Wow... There’s way more than a dozen people here..." The goddesses were speechless when they saw how many people were living in this place.

"Hello, fellow sisters. Allow me to introduce you to the Su Family of the Lonely Fairies’ Refined Palace." Luo Ziyi said to the Su Family from the mortal world.

The goddesses then proceeded to introduce themselves.

After that, Su Liqing and the others introduced themselves.

"A-Are those really Su Yang’s children?" Wang Yunxuan asked them in a trembling voice after their introduction.

"Yes. Do you want to hold onto her?" Lian Li nodded.

"Please!"

Lian Li then handed Su Li’er to Wang Yunxuan.

When the other mothers saw this, they also handed their children to the other goddesses.

"You know, when we asked Su Yang to impregnate us before, he would always refuse. It’s quite shocking that I have his children in my arms right now." One of them said.

"Yes, he told us about it before. He said it was mostly because he had too many enemies, and he didn’t want unnecessary trouble." Sun Jingjing said.

"Indeed, he does have a lot of enemies..." The goddesses agreed.

The ladies proceeded to talk to each other about Su Yang.

A few hours later, Luo Ziyi said to them, "As you already know, all of you will be staying at the Lonely Fairies’ Refined Palace for now. If you wish to continue living in this place, that is completely fine, but I suggest you live outside with us, where the quality of spiritual energy is countless times better."

"Su Yang also told me to assist in your cultivation. Although you may have been experts in your previous world, in the Four Divine Heavens, your cultivation bases are incredibly weak, almost nonexistent. Therefore, the Lonely Fairies’ Refined Palace will train you into powerful cultivators."

"Most of you are in the Heavenly Spirit Realm and below for now, but I promise you that within ten years, you will all reach at least Divine Realm."

"Until you’re powerful enough, you will have to stay inside the sect, meaning you cannot leave the sect for whatever reason, as this is for your own safety."

Luo Ziyi then turned to look at Wang Shuren and Bai Lihua and continued, "As for you two, who intend on learning alchemy from the God of Alchemy, you will be coming with me. Su Yang has decided to change his plans and visit the God of Alchemy first."

"I understand." They both nodded.