Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 923 Above the Seven Mortal Spirit Realms

"Are there any questions?" Luo Ziyi asked them afterward.

Xie Xingfang raised her hand and said, "Senior Sister Luo, you said that we’ll be able to achieve Divine Realm within 10 years, but how far ahead is that compared to the Heavenly Spirit Realm?"

"Ah, right. You’re only familiar with the Sovereign Spirit Realm since that is the peak in your world." Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Well, as you already know, above the Heavenly Spirit Realm is the Sovereign Spirit Realm, and above that is the Divine Spirit Realm."

"The Divine Spirit Realm is the end of the first major realm, the Seven Mortal Spirit Realms. As long as you’re within one of these stages, you’re still considered as a mortal."

"The next major realm is the Five Divine Realms. Starting with Divine Origin Realm, then Divine Lord Realm, Divine Sovereign Realm, Divine Saint Realm, and lastly, Divine Emperor Realm. The Five Divine Realms is often considered as the most important since that is when you start to truly experience what it’s like to be a cultivator."

"Above the Five Divine Realms is the Four Ancient Realms. Ancient Sovereign, Ancient Saint, Ancient Emperor, and lastly, Ancient Immortal. Here, you’ll be considered an Immortal if you reach Ancient Emperor."

"After breaking through Ancient Immortal, you’ll enter the Immortal Ascension Realm. The Immortal Ascension Realm consists of nine levels, such as First Level Immortal Ascension and Second Level Immortal Ascension."

"After attaining all nine levels, you will be able to attempt to enter the Three Celestial Realms— Celestial King, Celestial Emperor, and Celestial God. However, the Three Celestial Realms are special in the way that only those who have Celestial Qi in their Dantian can achieve. Without it, no matter how powerful or talented, you will not be able to reach this realm, so Immortal Ascension is considered as the peak for most people in the Four Divine Heavens."

"Do you understand the power balance in the Four Divine Heavens a little better now?"

"Wow... There are so many cultivation levels... To think Su Yang wasn’t exaggerating when he called us mere mortals..."

The ladies from the mortal world were left speechless by the overwhelming amount of cultivation levels above the Sovereign Spirit Realm. Many of them believed that the Heavenly Spirit Realm was the peak of cultivation at one point. To think they were not even considered as true cultivators in this vast world; it was simply too shocking.

"Anyways, we will teach you more about the cultivation levels and our world later. First, you should prioritize getting used to the sect. Also, we won’t force you to become disciples if you don’t want to, but you will all be disciples in name in order to protect you. If you decide to join us, just let one of us know and we’ll make it happen. Although the Lonely Fairies’ Refined Palace is a sect to most people, it’s really just a home for the family."

"One more thing. Once you leave this space, don’t talk about Su Yang or even mention him, as there could always be someone listening and you won’t even know it. The fact that he’s still alive has to remain a secret for now to keep all of you— and even us safe. If you want to talk about him, I will keep this spatial device open in a secluded area so that you ladies can enter whenever."

The ladies nodded.

Luo Ziyi then turned to look at the mothers and said, "I know it will be difficult for you to focus on cultivation with a baby in your hand, so one of us will take them off your hands when you need to cultivate. Do you mind?"

The mothers shook their heads.

"Great." Luo Ziyi then looked at the 12 goddesses and smiled, "As for whoever gets to take care of the babies... We can take turns."

They nodded with excitement in their eyes.

"Then I will give you some time to prepare. I will also take this time to prepare your new living quarters in the sect alongside other things. Tomorrow, we will figure out who will be teaching who."

After talking for a little longer, Luo Ziyi and the others left the Immortal’s Treasury.

"This is very exciting. I wonder what it’s like outside. I cannot wait." Sun Jingjing said afterward.

"It sucks that we won’t be able to see Su Yang for a while, but if we focus on our cultivation, I’m sure we’ll meet him before we even realize how much time has passed." Zhu Mengyi said.

Meanwhile, after leaving the Immortal’s Treasury, Luo Ziyi returned to her living quarters with the others.

"It’s been a very long time since I have felt this kind of excitement. Not only do we now have new sisters but we also get to live with Su Yang’s descendants," said one of the goddesses there.

"Sister Ziyi, where’s Su Yang right now? You never told us. I want to meet him."

"Me, too!"

"Calm down, sisters. As much as I want to let you all see Su Yang, it’ll attract unnecessary attention if you all visit him at once."

"That’s fine. We can disguise ourselves, and we won’t all go at once."

"It isn’t fair that you’re the only one who gets to see Su Yang, Sister Ziyi.

The goddesses began complaining to her.

"Fine, fine, but let me speak with Su Yang first. I will let you all know his answer when I come back," said Luo Ziyi.

"When will you be back?" One of them asked.

"I don’t know. But it shouldn’t take too long. A few weeks at most, probably," she said.

"In the meantime, I will leave the junior sisters to you. Of course, if you’re busy with other things, I completely understand, as this was quite sudden."

"Nonsense! There is nothing more important than taking care of Su Yang’s descendants!" One of them said.

"Although we can take turns taking care of the babies, who will go first? And how long do we get to spend with the babies before we have to switch?" Another one asked.

Luo Ziyi smiled and said, "You ladies can figure that out by yourselves. I have to return to Su Yang’s side now."

"You’re leaving already?"

"Well, not immediately. I still need to prepare for our trip, but tomorrow should be my last day at the sect."

"Okay. Stay safe. And make sure you speak with Su Yang regarding letting us meet him!"

"I know." She nodded.