Chapter 924 Sparring EaChapter Other

Sometime later, Luo Ziyi went to prepare for her journey with Su Yang while the other goddesses began debating on who should be the first person to take care of the babies and how long they get to take care of the babies.

"As the most senior one here, I should be first in line to take care of the babies!"

"That’s not fair, Senior Sister Zou! The one with the most experience with children should go first!"

"How do we know who has more experience? One can even lie about their experience! We need something more definitive!"

"Then let’s settle this the traditional way."

The goddesses looked at each other before nodding in silence.

They proceeded to make their way to a certain area in the sect— a massive arena with multiple stages available there, and many disciples could be seen fighting on these stages.

"Greetings, Senior Sisters!"

The disciples there stopped whatever they were doing to greet them, and even the ones fighting on the stages stopped fighting to greet them.

They were then greatly shocked when they saw all twelve Sect Elders gathered at the same time, as that only normally happens during important events and celebrations within the sect.

This is the first time they have seen so many sect elders in the arena at once.

"Don’t mind us. You girls can act like we’re not here." Wang Yunxuan said to them.

Despite nodding their heads, the disciples knew that it was going to be an impossible task to ignore their presence, especially when there’s so many of them.

The twelve of them proceeded to stand there in silence, patiently waiting for an available stage.

About half an hour later, there was finally an open stage.

When the goddesses saw this, they immediately jumped onto the stage, attracting the disciples’ attention again.

"The rules are simple. We will limit our cultivation base to the Divine Origin Realm. If your strength exceeds the Divine Origin Realm, it will be an automatic loss. If you get kicked off the stage, it will also result in a loss." Wang Yunxuan said to the others.

"We will decide the matches through the lottery, and we will treat this as a tournament." Wang Yunxuan then retrieved a box with a hole on the top.

"Pick your numbers. Those with the same numbers will be fighting each other."

The goddesses proceeded to pick their number.

Once they all had their number, those that picked number one remained on the stage while the others left the stage and stood by the stage as spectators.

"A-Are the Senior Sisters going to spar with each other? Why? I have never seen them fight before..."

"I don’t know, but this is very exciting. I wonder what it looks like when the sect elders fight..."

The disciples also gathered around the stage and became spectators.

Sometime later, once they were ready, the two goddesses on the stage started to fight.

Boom!

The ground immediately started shaking when they began exchanging techniques and attacks with each other.

"Wow..."

The disciples were both shocked and terrified when they started fighting in a manner that looked as though they were really trying to kill each other.

Although there was a formation around the entire arena that prevented one from dying even if their head explodes as long as they remained inside the formation, it was still shocking to see the sect elders going at each other’s throats in such a vicious manner.

"S-Senior sisters... If you don’t mind me asking, why are you all fighting with each other? Is this some sort of practice?" One of the disciples there decided to ask them.

"No, this is not for practice. We’re trying to decide on something, but we couldn’t come to an agreement, so we decided to use this method to come to a conclusion, as this is the most straightforward method we can think of— the strongest will get to decide."

"I-I see..."

Although the disciples understood why they were doing this, none of them dared to ask what they were fighting for.

"Take this!"

"That won’t be enough to defeat me, Senior Sister!"

After clashing for half an hour, one of them emerged victorious when she literally made the other’s body explode into a bloody mess, splattering her blood and organs all over the stage.

The disciples sucked in cold air when they saw this.

However, a moment later, the goddess that had been killed returned back to life as though nothing had happened, and the bloody mess on the stage also cleaned up itself.

"Not bad, Junior Sister... You have improved tremendously since our last spar."

Sometime later, the ones who got number 2 went onto the stage.

Once the winner was decided, the winner from the first fight and the winner from the second fight began fighting on another stage while the losers also fought each other, almost like a real tournament.

The disciples remained in the arena to watch them fight, refusing to leave, as it was incredibly rare to witness the sect elders display their skills, and they were even able to learn from watching the fight.

Eventually, other disciples in the sect also began appearing in the arena when they heard about the situation.

The goddesses fought each other for the entire day until the following morning when they had to return to the Immortal’s Treasury to assist the junior sisters.

"We’ll finish this later." Wang Yunxuan said to them.

Sometime later, they gathered at the Immortal’s Treasury.

"Good morning, Senior Sisters."

"Morning, Junior Sisters."

After their greetings, Luo Ziyi brought them outside the Immortal’s Treasury, leaving only Wang Shuren and Bai Lihua behind.

"I will be leaving the sect now. Take care of the junior sisters while I am away," Luo Ziyi said to them.

"Do you even need to tell us that? We’ll take care of them even without your reminder."

"Have fun with Su Yang, Sister Ziyi." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Don’t forget to ask him about letting us meet him!"

Luo Ziyi nodded.

She then swallowed a pill that transformed her appearance before leaving the sect with the Immortal’s Treasury.