Chapter 927 Celestial City

"Hello, which room is ’Xiao Yang’ currently staying in? I am his fiancee." Luo Ziyi approached the front desk at the Frozen Palace and asked the worker behind the desk.

The lady working at the desk looked at the ordinary-looking young lady standing before her and said, "Xiao Yang? Please give me a moment to look through the guests..."

A few moments later, the worker gave her Su Yang’s room number, not doubting her identity even for a second.

Luo Ziyi then went upstairs and knocked on his room.

The door opened a moment later, and a round figure appeared before her.

"Enter," he said to her.

Luo Ziyi nodded and entered the room.

Once she was inside, she created a concealment formation around the room before speaking, "Are you ready?"

"Yes. How are the others?" Su Yang nodded and asked.

"They’re doing fine. The others should be taking care of them right now." Luo Ziyi said.

"I see... So did they say anything?" Su Yang then asked.

"What do you think? They all want to meet you," she said.

"As much as I want to meet them, they’ll attract too much attention..." Su Yang showed a bittersweet smile on his face.

"I know, that’s why they have a suggestion. They will meet you one at a time, and they will be disguised just like I am currently," she said.

"This way, they won’t attract any attention, and they get to meet you. What do you think?"

"Well... I can’t really say no to them when I’ve made them suffer for two thousand years. But how will they visit me? I will be a disciple of the Boundless Yin Yang Sect after meeting with the God of Alchemy, and they’re really strict when it comes to guests. If they disguise themselves, there’s no chance that they’ll get to meet me." Su Yang said.

"I’m sure they’ll think of something. I doubt anything will prevent them from meeting you again."

Su Yang nodded.

Sometime later, Luo Ziyi retrieved two pills from her storage ring and handed them to Su Yang and Xiao Rong.

"Eat this. They’re Flawless Transformation Pills; it’ll hide your disguise much better than whatever you are using now."

"Thank you."

Su Yang accepted one of the pills and immediately consumed it. Although his appearance didn’t change afterward, there were some slight changes to his aura.

"Much better." Luo Ziyi nodded in approval.

Now even she cannot tell that he was in a disguise.

"Where do we go now?" Luo Ziyi asked him a moment later.

"To Jade Heaven, the God of Alchemy’s birthplace," he said.

Sometime later, Luo Ziyi removed the concealment formation and left the Frozen Palace with Su Yang, and they made their way to the nearest teleport formation.

"Xiao Rong, you can enter my Dantian to save Ziyi some money," he said to her as they got closer to the teleport formation.

Xiao Rong nodded and entered his Dantian the next moment.

Once they were at the teleport formation and it was their turn, Su Yang said to the old man working the formation, "Ruan Province, Celestial City."

"The capital city of the Ruan Province will cost you 60 high-grade spirit stones per person, so it’ll cost you 120 high-grade spirit stones in total."

"Here you go." Luo Ziyi handed 120 high-grade spirit stones to the old man without batting an eye.

"Thank you. Please give us a minute to prepare the teleport formation."

A couple of minutes later, Su Yang and Luo Ziyi entered the teleport formation.

After entering the teleport formation, they exited in Celestial City, the capital city of the Ruan Province and also one of the largest cities within the Celestial Heaven.

The reason Su Yang decided to come to this place instead of heading straight to Jade Heaven was simple— the teleport formation at that city wasn’t powerful enough to teleport them directly to the Jade Heaven.

Out of thousands of teleport formations within the Celestial Heaven, there was only a handful of them that were powerful enough to teleport people to other Divine Heavens, and one of them was within the Celestial City.

Though there was another reason why Su Yang needed to go to the Celestial City.

"I will need to buy some ingredients." Su Yang said to Luo Ziyi after they arrived at the city.

"Ingredients? For what?" She asked with her eyebrows raised.

"In order to go to that place, we will need a certain pill— a pill that isn’t sold anywhere in the Four Divine Heavens because nobody besides the God of Alchemy and myself knows it exists, much less the ingredients."

He then looked at her and said with a smile, "I hope you brought enough money with you since these ingredients aren’t exactly cheap."

Luo Ziyi responded with a smile, "Have you already forgotten about my background?"

"Just making sure," he laughed.

And he continued, "Follow me. We’re going to head to the Grand Celestial Plaza now. They should have most if not all of the ingredients we need."

A few hours of traveling later, they arrived before a massive marketplace that took up a fourth of the entire city. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

There were restaurants, jewelry stores, weapon stores, medicine stores, auction houses— almost every kind of store in existence available in the Grand Celestial Plaza.

Once they were at the Grand Celestial Plaza, Su Yang and Luo Ziyi began entering every medicine store available in the place.

"Do you have any of these ingredients?" Su Yang showed the worker a list of ingredients.

"We have the 100,000-year-old Thunder God Vine," said the worker.

"How much do you want for it?"

"100,000 high-grade spirit stones." The man said without hesitation.

Su Yang didn’t immediately give a response and turned to look at Luo Ziyi. After all, she was the one paying for everything.

"We’ll take it," she said in a calm voice a moment later.

"Thank you for your business esteemed guests. Allow me a couple of minutes to bring the Thunder God Vine here." The worker then disappeared to the back of the store, returning a few minutes later with a large box that was as long as an adult’s arm.