Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 928 Burning Spirit Wood

"Here’s the Thunder God Vine. Please check it to see if there are any problems." The store worker opened the box, revealing a single strand of purple vine that has what appears to be lightning lines going through it.

Su Yang looked at the Thunder God Vine for a moment before nodding his head, "It looks right." Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Then that will be 100,000 high-grade spirit stones."

Luo Ziyi then placed 10 flawless-quality spirit stones that were worth 100,000 high-grade spirit stones on the desk.

The worker accepted the money before wrapping the box in front of them and handing it over.

"Thank you for your business," he said to them.

Su Yang immediately tossed the treasure inside his storage ring before leaving the place.

"How many more do we need?" Luo Ziyi asked him afterward.

"8 more ingredients," he said.

After their first successful trip, the two of them proceeded to visit every single medicine store within the Grand Celestial Plaza.

Unfortunately, despite their early success, they were unable to buy another ingredient until 20 stores later.

A few days later, they entered the last available medicine store within the Grand Celestial Plaza.

"Do you have any ingredients on this list?" Su Yang showed the middle-aged woman working at the store his list that had half of its ingredients crossed out.

"We have the 50,000-year-old Burning Spirit Wood. It’ll cost 150,000 high-grade spirit stones."

"Okay. We’ll take it." Luo Ziyi said.

"I will be right back."

After spending a few minutes in the back of the store, the middle-aged woman returned with a rectangular box wrapped with a special cloth.

She then unwrapped the cloth and opened the box, revealing to them a piece of charred wood that emitted an ancient and profound aura.

Su Yang raised his eyebrows when he saw this charred wood.

The middle-aged woman then quickly closed the box and wrapped it back up with the cloth again.

"That would be 150,000 high-grade spirit stones," said the middle-aged woman.

However, Luo Ziyi didn’t retrieve the money and stood there in silence.

She then turned to look at Su Yang and asked him, "What do you think?"

Su Yang looked at the middle-aged woman and asked her in a calm voice, "Are you doing this because we look inexperienced or easy to fool in your eyes?"

"What do you mean by such words?" The middle-aged woman immediately frowned.

"Oh, you’re acting like you have no idea what you did now? Then allow me to enlighten you."

Su Yang pointed at the box and said, "That’s not a 50,000-year-old Burning Spirit Wood. It’s a 50,000-year-old Burning Wood that’s almost identical to the Burning Spirit Wood. Unless one is a somewhat experienced alchemist, they wouldn’t be able to tell the difference. As for its worth... it’s worth only a tenth of what the Burning Spirit Wood is worth."

The middle-aged woman began sweating inward when she heard Su Yang’s words.

"I-Is that so? I deeply apologize. I must have made a mistake and brought out the wrong one. Please give me a moment. I will return with the proper one." The middle-aged woman retrieved the wooden box.

However, before she could go anywhere, Luo Ziyi spoke in a calm voice, "That won’t be necessary anymore."

She then turned around and said, "Let’s go, darling. Looks like we’ll be bothering Senior Qin today."

The middle-aged woman immediately froze her movements when she heard Luo Ziyi’s words, and she quickly turned around and exclaimed, "Wait! I didn’t intentionally scam you! I swear it was just an honest mistake!"

Senior Qin was a prominent name within the Grand Celestial Plaza, mostly because he controlled the entire place.

The Grand Celestial Plaza also has a zero dishonest business policy, and those who are caught doing shady business will have their business taken down and permanently banned from doing business in the Grand Celestial Plaza again, which is a major loss for the business since the Grand Celestial Plaza is one of if not the most profitable places in the Celestial Heaven.

"Just an honest mistake, huh? For some reason, I cannot convince myself to believe such words." Luo Ziyi said.

"H-How about this? I will give you a discount for my mistake. 100,000 high-grade spirit stones instead of 150,000." The middle-aged woman showed them a stiff smile on her face.

"Only 50,000 high-grade spirit stones? Is your store really only worth that little?" Luo Ziyi asked her with a nonchalant look on her face.

The middle-aged woman’s body trembled in anger after hearing such words, and she screamed, "Are you really going to try and take down my business because of a single mistake?! You also have no proof that I’d tried to scam you! You know what? Go ahead! Go complain to Senior Qin! I doubt he’ll even listen to some unknown brats!"

A mysterious smile with a hint of coldness appeared on Luo Ziyi’s face, and she retrieved a jade medallion with the name ’Qin Kai’ engraved onto it.

"Maybe he’ll listen to me if I have this," Luo Ziyi said afterward.

"T-That’s the Grand Celestial Plaza’s Jade Medallion! W-Why do you have something like that?! It must be fake!" The middle-aged woman gasped when she saw the beautiful medallion in Luo Ziyi’s grasp.

The Grand Celestial Plaza’s Jade Medallion is a special object that is only given to the most valued and trusted customers. As long as one has this medallion, their status within the Grand Celestial Plaza would only be below Senior Qin himself.

"Whether it is real or not will be apparent once I give Senior Qin a visit. I hope it was worth it— trying to take advantage of seemingly ignorant people."

The middle-aged woman gritted her teeth in anger.

Once Luo Ziyi and Su Yang reached the door of the store, she shouted in a regretful voice, "Fine! I will give the 50,000-year-old Burning Spirit Wood to you for free as an apology for my mistake! In return, please forgive this one for her mistakes. It will never happen again! I swear!"

Luo Ziyi stopped walking and turned to look at the woman, and after a moment of silence, she nodded, "Okay."