Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 929 Golden Treasure Auction House

"Here’s the real 50,000-year-old Burning Spirit Wood." The middle-aged woman returned with the real treasure a few minutes later.

Su Yang glanced at the charred wood in the box that looked the exact same as the previous treasure besides its shape and being slightly smaller in size and nodded his head in silence. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

He then tossed the treasure into his storage ring.

A few moments later, they left the store.

"It’s been a while since I experienced being scammed. If I wasn’t disguised, such a thing would have never happened." Luo Ziyi sighed after they left the store.

"You’ll get used to it," said Su Yang with a smile on his face.

"Anyways, now what? That was the last medicine store, and we still need four more ingredients." Luo Ziyi asked him a moment later.

"There are still auction houses. Let’s get a list of everything being sold from an information broker."

"Couldn’t we have done that in the beginning? We could’ve saved so much time." Luo Ziyi said with her eyebrows raised.

Su Yang chuckled and said, "Of course, but that would mean we get to spend less time with each other."

"Darling..." Luo Ziyi looked at him with widened eyes and a warm smile on her face.

They proceeded to look for an information broker within the Grand Celestial Plaza.

"How may I help you?"

An old man sitting by a large fountain spoke when a fatty and an ordinary-looking girl approached him.

"We’d like to buy some information," said Su Yang.

"What kind of information?"

"I want to know every single ingredient being sold in the auction houses here for the next week," he said.

"10 medium-grade spirit stones for that information and I will have it ready by the end of the day. Make it 20 and I will have the information within half the day," said the old man.

"Here’s 50 medium-grade spirit stones. I want the information within the next two hours. Or are you not able to move that fast?" Su Yang said to him.

The old man smiled and said, "I will see you at this exact spot in two hours."

Su Yang nodded and handed the spirit stones to him, not worried that the old man might not return.

"What do you want to do in the meantime? Want to get something to eat?" Su Yang asked Luo Ziyi afterward.

"Sure."

Once they arrived at a restaurant, Su Yang said, "Xiao Rong, you can come out of there now if you’d like."

Xiao Rong, who had been resting inside his Dantian this entire time appeared outside.

They then entered the restaurant together and proceeded to spend the next two hours satisfying their taste buds.

Two hours later, they returned to the water fountain.

After looking around for a second, they found the old man sitting at the same location and approached him.

"Welcome back."

The old man then handed him a pamphlet that had every single auction house within the Grand Celestial Plaza listed alongside all of the treasures they were selling.

"Thank you. Here’s another 50 spirit stones for your hard work." Su Yang then tipped the old man another 50 medium-grade spirit stones.

"Thank you for your business and graciousness, Young Master." The old man bowed to him.

After leaving the area, Su Yang opened the pamphlet and began looking through the list.

"Perfect. The rest of the ingredients are being sold in these auction houses, but we’ll have to spend two more weeks in this place to acquire all of them." Su Yang said.

And continued, "The Golden Treasure Auction House will be selling the Nightmare Dust in three days, which is the earliest ingredient we can obtain."

"In the meantime, let’s have some fun." Luo Ziyi said with an enchanting smile on her face.

Sometime later, they rented out a room in one of the countless hotels within the Grand Celestial Plaza.

Once they entered the room, Luo Ziyi created a concealment formation around the room and removed her disguise.

Su Yang also removed his disguise before entering the bed.

"You know, it’s a weird feeling cultivating with a younger you," she said to him.

"Would you prefer my older appearance then?" He asked her.

"I never said it was a bad feeling. I like it. It makes me feel younger as well." Luo Ziyi smiled.

After chatting for a few minutes, they started embracing each other on the bed, and they would continue this for the next three days until the Golden Treasure Auction House was auctioning the Nightmare Dust.

Before leaving the hotel, Su Yang and Luo Ziyi consumed another pill to disguise themselves again.

Once they were outside, they started making their way towards the auction house.

An hour later, they arrived at a large circular building that was made mostly out of gold and had the golden sign ’Golden Treasure Auction House’ hung directly above the golden gates at the entrance.

The interior of the building was also decorated with gold antiques, not to mention the gold walls.

The place was also incredibly spacious with tens of thousands of available seats, and this didn’t include the VIP area that was located above the public area.

Su Yang and Luo Ziyi picked a random seat in the front and began waiting for the auction to start since they arrived early.

While they waited, Su Yang retrieved the pamphlet he got from the information broker and looked at what else the auction house was selling today.

Although there were many valuable treasures being sold, none of them really caught his eyes besides the Nightmare Dust.

About two hours later when the auction house was 90 percent full of people, the lights in the building suddenly dimmed while the platform in the front brightened with light.

Then, a beautiful young lady walked onto the stage and spoke with a bright expression on her face, "Welcome to the Golden Treasure Auction House, guests, and esteemed guests. We will begin the auction shortly, but first, allow us to quickly go over the rules."