Chapter 933 Leaving Celestial Heaven

"Unfortunately, I don’t know what she used to create the poison fog, nor do I have any idea how to deal with it." Su Yang shook his head.

"When I asked her about it, she was still experimenting on it, so she didn’t tell me much about it, only some of the ingredients she’d used, and they were all some of the most poisonous ingredients in the Four Divine Heavens. It even shocked me when I learned the ingredients."

"And even if I knew all of the ingredients, I don’t have the capability to concoct a pill that can defeat something the God of Alchemy personally made. It’s impossible." Su Yang shrugged, giving up without even thinking about trying.

As someone who used to study under the God of Alchemy, he knew very well how powerful her pills were, especially if they were created by her. He has challenged her many times before, but he never managed to beat her after countless attempts.

"Then what now? If we cannot enter the Jaded Garden, we won’t be able to meet the God of Alchemy. Are we going to give up seeing her now?" Luo Ziyi asked him.

"No... There’s still another way to meet her, but that will require going to her sect and getting permission to enter the most secluded and secured area in the entire sect, which is even more impossible than getting past the poisonous fog in my current state."

"I say we should still head to the Jaded Garden and see if there’s anything I can do. If not, then I will simply give up on meeting her for now. Are you okay with this?" Su Yang asked her.

"I don’t mind. I am just tagging along, anyway," she said.

"Alright. Then let’s head to the Jade Heaven for now."

Luo Ziyi nodded.

They checked out of the hotel sometime later and began making their way towards one of the most powerful teleport formations within the Celestial Heaven.

A few hours later, they left the Grand Celestial Plaza and arrived before a massive teleport formation that was almost a mile in diameter.

Su Yang looked around once they arrived at the place, and he could see a large sign that said ’Martial Heaven’ hung on top of a tall pole right outside the formation for everyone to see.

Since there are three other Divine Heavens and only one teleport formation available, the workers made it so that the teleport formation would rotate the destinations every once in a while so that everyone heading to the Martial Heaven would be able to go there at once.

For those who wished to travel to the other Divine Heavens, they were required to wait until the teleport formation changed destination.

As for how often the destination changes, the teleport formation will change destinations every 6 hours, allowing everyone to go to their destination without needing to wait too long for the rotations.

Su Yang and Luo Ziyi then went to look at the schedule.

Once they found the rotation schedule, they could see Jade Heaven listed second on the schedule right below the Martial Heaven, meaning that the teleport formation will rotate its destination to the Jade Heaven next.

While they waited, Su Yang and Luo Ziyi went to reserve their slots to use the teleport formation, as only a limited number of people could be transported at once.

"Two people. Jade Heaven." Luo Ziyi said to the middle-aged man working behind the counter in a large store set up right beside the teleport formation.

The middle-aged man then turned to look at Su Yang and said in a nonchalant voice, "That Spiritual Beast hiding inside your Dantian also counts as an individual. Did you think that you could fool me? I have been working this job for over ten thousand years. I have seen countless people like you."

Su Yang laughed when he heard the man’s words before speaking in a shameless voice, "I had no idea that Spiritual Beasts also counted. If that’s the case, then three people."

"It’ll cost 25 million high-grade spirit stones for each individual traveling to Jade Heaven. 75 million in total since there are three of you." The middle-aged man said in a calm voice.

Although the price may seem astronomical at first, it was logical if one considered how much spiritual energy was required to teleport someone from one world to another.

Luo Ziyi then handed 7,500 flawless-quality spirit stones to the middle-aged man. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

After counting the money, the man handed them three tokens with the word ’Jade’ engraved onto them.

"You will need it to enter the teleport formation. If you lose it, you will have to buy another one." He warned them.

"Thank you." Su Yang accepted the tokens before leaving the place.

Once they had their tokens, Su Yang walked to the entrance of the teleport formation and proceeded to wait for the rotation.

A few hours later, someone changed the ’Martial Heaven’ sign to a ’Jade Heaven’ sign.

Su Yang and Luo Ziyi— alongside thousands of other people began approaching the entrance.

After showing their tokens, they were allowed inside the teleport formation, and they proceeded to wait some more until ten thousand people filled up the teleport formation.

Once everyone was gathered, the workers there closed the gates and said to them, "We will now activate the teleport formation at the count of 10."

"Ten... nine... eight..."

"Seven... six... five..."

"Four... three... two..."

"One... and activate!"

The teleport formation began emitting a profound light, and then a massive portal appeared.

"Please enter quickly! You only have a minute to pass through the teleport formation!"

Su Yang and the others immediately began flying towards the teleport formation, entering the portal and leaving the Celestial Heaven a moment later.

A few people that were not part of the group that was authorized to enter the portal could be seen flying towards the portal from outside, clearly trying to head to Jade Heaven without paying the astronomical fees.

However, a couple of experts intervened by blocking them from entering the portal with some of them even killing those who tried to enter without paying.