Chapter 936 Medicine Paradise

Sovereign Spirit Realm... Divine Spirit Realm...

Luo Ziyi’s aura skyrocketed the moment she released her suppressed cultivation base.

Divine Lord Realm... Divine Saint Realm...

Ancient Emperor... Ancient Immortal...

1st level Immortal Ascension... second level... fifth level... seventh level...

Luo Ziyi’s aura stopped at the ninth level of Immortal Ascension, reaching the peak of Immortals.

Once her cultivation base was no longer suppressed, Luo Ziyi proceeded to spend a couple of minutes gathering her spiritual energy, enhancing and strengthening it.

"Okay, I am ready," she said to him.

Su Yang nodded.

He then lit the pill ablaze with his alchemy flames before crushing the pill and scattering it over the Jaded Garden, making it look like it was raining fire.

The moment the pill disappeared into the Jaded Garden, they could sense a change within the atmosphere there, and somewhere within the thick black fog, they noticed unnatural movements.

Su Yang pointed at that spot and said, "There!"

Luo Ziyi immediately released her spiritual energy and covered both of them with it.

She then grabbed Su Yang before flying at the location with intense speed.

Whoosh!

Their figures quickly disappeared into the black fog.

Su Yang could feel the spiritual energy around them rapidly being destroyed by the black fog, but he wasn’t worried that they wouldn’t make it.

A second after they dived into the Jaded Garden, their darkened vision suddenly brightened, and they somehow appeared in the sky despite flying towards the ground a second ago.

"Where are we?" Luo Ziyi looked around with interest, feeling as though they’d been transported to another world.

Besides the blue sky, the ground was a seemingly endless plain with countless plants and unique ingredients growing in harmony.

"Heavens... Is that the Moon Blight Flower? How could such a treasure grow in this kind of atmosphere?" Luo Ziyi was shocked when she recognized some of the treasures growing on the ground.

The Moon Blight Flower is a unique treasure that can only be grown in the Sacred Moon Temple, yet there were some in this place that didn’t look too special besides the field of precious treasures.

Then Luo Ziyi noticed two large fields separated by two colors— red and blue.

"Is that the Yin Dragon Head Flower and the Yang Dragon Head Flower coexisting right beside each other? How is that possible?"

"Welcome to the God of Alchemy’s Medicine Paradise, where pretty much all existing treasures in the form of plants and medicine can be found in this small world. No matter what condition a treasure requires to be born outside, it doesn’t apply in this special world." Su Yang said to her.

"All existing treasures? Does this mean even the rarest treasures can be found in this place? Like the Celestial Star Flower?" Luo Ziyi asked.

The Celestial Star Flower is an exceedingly rare treasure that can only be found outside the Four Divine Heavens within small and non-habitable stars floating around in the starry sky. As for its uses, it was the key ingredient to one of the most powerful pills in the world that can assist those at the peak of Immortal Ascension reach the Celestial Realm, essentially becoming a god.

"No matter how many times I come here, it always takes my breath away." Su Yang said with a nostalgic smile on his face.

"If the world learns of such a place, I can imagine the chaos and shock it will create... And it will definitely give birth to many malicious intents," said Luo Ziyi.

And then she continued, "Well... Now that we’re here, where do we go from here? Where is the God of Alchemy?"

"She could be anywhere in this small world... or not even here at all. Let’s go to the only living quarters available in this place, as that is where she is most likely at," he said. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Follow me."

Su Yang then began flying in a certain direction, and Luo Ziyi followed him.

As they flew across the plain filled with valuable and even priceless ingredients, Su Yang said, "Also, I forgot to mention this, but be on alert."

"What? Why? Are there spiritual beasts in here?"

"No, but if the God of Alchemy is concocting pills and we accidentally disturb her, she will attack us before knowing our identities."

"...That does sound dangerous."

After recalling the black fog in the Jaded Garden and how it devastated her spiritual energy, Luo Ziyi shivered when she tried to imagine receiving an attack from the God of Alchemy.

A couple of days of flying later, they arrived before two living quarters in a spacious area, and it was the only place that wasn’t covered in ingredients in this Medicine Paradise.

"I don’t sense her presence." Luo Ziyi said after checking the area with her spiritual sense.

"Hmm... Maybe she’s taking care of the ingredients?" Su Yang made a quick guess.

"Should we just wait here?"

He shook his head and said, "When she leaves to take care of the ingredients, she sometimes wouldn’t return for months if not years, and since she has decided to hide, chances are she might not return for a much longer time since she doesn’t have anything else to do."

"Then what should we do? Should I cause a commotion and let her come to us?" Luo Ziyi asked.

With her cultivation base, making a commotion in such a small world would be as easy as breathing.

"Good idea— making her come to us. But we’re not going to make any commotion."

Su Yang then looked around the seemingly endless medicine field and smiled.

"I have an even better idea. Give me a few minutes."

He then proceeded to fly around the area, plucking up random ingredients from the Medicine Paradise, almost like he was weeding the place.

This dumbfounded Luo Ziyi. Hopefully, the God of Alchemy won’t mind him stealing her ingredients.

Sometime later, Su Yang returned with a dozen valuable ingredients in his grasp, and he said, "I am going to use these to summon her."