Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 938 God of Alchemy

A few hours have passed since Su Yang made his stink bomb and alerted the little girl who had been sleeping peacefully in the Medicine Paradise, yet nobody has shown up.

However, Luo Ziyi could still feel the killing intent quickly approaching their location.

By now, all of the foul smell has already been cleansed by the white mist Su Yang created afterward.

"She’s pretty far away, huh?" Su Yang said in a calm voice as he laid on the floor without a care in the world and watched the clouds in this secluded world.

"She should be here in less than an hour," said Luo Ziyi after calculating the God of Alchemy’s speed and their distance.

"An hour, huh? I wonder if she’s changed," he mumbled in a low voice.

"Changed?" Luo Ziyi raised her eyebrows.

"Well, you’re pretty much the same as before. The God of Alchemy, however... I’m worried that she might have changed. The God of Alchemy I knew wouldn’t stop concocting pills no matter what, but from what I heard, she has stopped concocting pills for the last couple hundreds of years." Su Yang sighed.

"Yes, and thanks to that, the pill market has exponentially skyrocketed. Some of the rarer pills that only the God of Alchemy can concoct have even become something like an ancient artifact that people are afraid of using, as they fear that once they use it, the pill will disappear forever."

"Hopefully, she will continue to concoct pills, or the Four Divine Heavens will greatly suffer, especially when there is nobody out there that is even half as good as her when it comes to alchemy."

After a moment of silence, Luo Ziyi said, "I have always wondered why the God of Alchemy is so obsessed with alchemy. You got any idea?"

"I don’t have the slightest clue. But do people really need a reason to do something they enjoy? I became a dual cultivator for no other reason besides the fact it was enjoyable," he said.

And he continued, "Some people are just born like that."

About an hour later, Luo Ziyi suddenly said, "She’s here."

The moment she said such words, the entire atmosphere changed, and immense killing intent filled the place.

When Su Yang felt this killing intent, a bead of sweat appeared on his forehead, and he showed a bittersweet smile on his face.

"She’s... really angry..."

"I would be as angry if I learned that someone had released such foul odor within my sanctuary," said Luo Ziyi in a sighing voice.

"Well? Do you think she’s going to kill you?"

"Probably." Su Yang chuckled despite their situation.

A few minutes later, a small figure could be seen flying in their direction from the south, but she stopped once she was a few hundred meters away from them.

"Who are you two? And how did you enter this place?" The little girl that is presumably the God of Alchemy spoke in a cold tone that didn’t match her innocent voice after she stopped.

As much as she wanted to immediately kill these two that have invaded her sanctuary, even tarnishing it with a foul smell, she needed to know how these two individuals managed to enter her world that she thought was secure and impossible to enter so that she could fix it to prevent future situations like this one.

And before Su Yang could even respond, the God of Alchemy noticed that they were currently under the effects of Flawless Transformation Pills.

Although the Flawless Transformation Pill may work on others, even those at Immortal Ascension, it would never fool the God of Alchemy that created the pill in the first place.

’That’s the God of Alchemy? She looks a little bit different than how I’d imagined...’ Luo Ziyi was dumbfounded to see a little girl.

While she has never spoken with the God of Alchemy before, she has definitely seen her on multiple occasions, yet she looked nothing like this little girl.

"Thank you for not killing us the moment you see us, Yu Xiang." Su Yang said to her with a smile on his round face, acting as though there was nothing out of the ordinary about the God of Alchemy’s appearance.

The God of Alchemy’s eyebrows twitched slightly upon hearing this fatty addressing her name so casually. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

She then retrieved a pitch-black pill from out of thin air and raised her hand, looking like she was going to throw it at them.

When Su Yang saw the black pill in her hands, his eyes widened with shock, and he quickly said, "Wait! Don’t be hasty, Xiang’er!"

The God of Alchemy’s movements froze the moment Su Yang called her name in an intimate manner, his tone completely different than before.

"What did you just call me?" She spoke in a cold voice that had a different tone to it, almost like she was shocked.

Su Yang retrieved a pill and quickly swallowed it.

His appearance then began to change itself, returning to its original form.

"It’s me, Su Yang."

Su Yang said to her with a gentle smile on his face.

"Su... Yang...?"

The God of Alchemy was so shocked to see his face that she accidentally dropped the black pill in her hands.

Su Yang’s eyes widened when he saw this, and he quickly warned Luo Ziyi before turning around and flying away.

"Run! That’s the poison fog!"

"What?!"

Luo Ziyi exclaimed before following him.

BOOM!

The black pill exploded into a massive black fog when it touched the ground that quickly enveloped the God of Alchemy’s small figure.

"Is she okay?" Luo Ziyi asked once they were far enough from the black fog that consumed the God of Alchemy and the living quarters there.

The black fog was so thick that they couldn’t see anything inside even with their spiritual sense.

"That poison looks even more powerful than the one covering the Jaded Garden... I hope she’s okay..." Luo Ziyi spoke again after a moment of silence.