Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 939 Take Responsibility

"Xiang’er, are you okay?!" Su Yang called out to her.

It would be ridiculous if the God of Alchemy were to die in such a dumb fashion.

However, just as Su Yang began sweating profusely, another explosion resounded as a massive white fog appeared from within the black fog, quickly consuming the darkness.

The white fog subsided a moment later, revealing the God of Alchemy’s small figure once again, and she looked completely unharmed.

Su Yang released a sigh of relief after seeing that she was okay. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

The God of Alchemy then turned to look at Su Yang in a slow and stiff movement, her gaze still filled with disbelief and shock.

She then began to approach them.

"Are you... really Su Yang?" She asked him in a low voice.

Su Yang spread his arms apart and said, "Why don’t you take a look for yourself? You should be able to tell whether I am still disguised or not."

"And how else would I know about this place, much less enter it? Do you remember when I studied alchemy under you in this place?"

"How you would always call me useless when I concocted a bad pill? Or how you would scold me for burning a pill, saying it’s a waste of resources?"

The God of Alchemy’s small body visibly trembled after Su Yang spoke, and memories of their times together began flashing through her mind.

"Su Yang..."

The God of Alchemy suddenly rushed forward and flew into Su Yang’s embrace.

However, she didn’t stop even when she was in his embrace, and she continued to push forward until Su Yang could no longer move back because his body was already laying on the ground.

"It’s been a while, Xiang’er..." Su Yang said to her in a gentle voice as he hugged her small and seemingly delicate body, almost like a father hugging his daughter.

"How...? Why...? Where...?"

There were so many questions in the God of Alchemy’s mind that she only managed to utter these words after trying to speak.

"I will tell you all about it later. For now, let’s just stay like this for a while..." Su Yang said to her.

The God of Alchemy nodded her head and silently laid on his body while he embraced her.

Luo Ziyi watched them from above with a dumbfounded look on her face.

According to the stories she has heard about the God of Alchemy from others, she didn’t seem the type to act so passionately.

Heartless. Uncaring. Nonchalant.

These were common words that would come out whenever one talked about the God of Alchemy, yet all she could see at this moment was a lonely little girl who looked like she just found her father after losing him in the crowd.

This made Luo Ziyi question whether she was really the God of Alchemy or the God of Alchemy’s daughter.

Su Yang and the God of Alchemy remained in their position for well over an hour before Su Yang finally said, "Okay, let’s talk now."

The God of Alchemy nodded her head and stood up a moment later.

Once Su Yang stood up, she held onto his hand, almost like she was afraid that she’d lose him again.

"Let’s go somewhere more appropriate," he said.

They then went back to the living quarters.

Once they were inside, Su Yang took a seat by the table and Luo Ziyi sat on the other side of the table.

As for the God of Alchemy, she sat directly on Su Yang’s lap like a child.

’She’s really just like a child... Hard to believe that she’s the God of Alchemy.’ Luo Ziyi thought to herself.

When Su Yang saw the way Luo Ziyi looked at the God of Alchemy, he smiled and said, "This isn’t her original appearance. She’s disguised just like you."

"What? Why?" Luo Ziyi became even more confused upon hearing this.

Why would the God of Alchemy disguise herself as a little girl?

"Because it’s easier for her to move around... At least that’s what she told me before," he said a moment later since the God of Alchemy didn’t respond to her.

"Anyways, let me tell you everything." Su Yang said, and he proceeded to explain the situation to the God of Alchemy.

Why he suddenly disappeared— or died. What happened in the Eternal Retribution Cliff. Where he has been for the last two thousand years.

The God of Alchemy listened to everything in silence.

"Do you have any questions?" Su Yang asked her afterward.

After a moment of silence, she shook her head.

"Good... Then let me start asking you questions now, and I have plenty." Su Yang said to her.

Seeing her nod, Su Yang began questioning her.

"I heard that you’d stopped concocting pills, even abandoning your sect to seclude yourself in this place. Why? I cannot imagine the God of Alchemy retiring from alchemy."

"...Because I couldn’t concoct any pills," she said in a low voice.

"Eh? What do you mean by that? Can you elaborate a little more?"

"After learning that you’d died, I could no longer concoct any pills. Every time I tried, it would result in a failure because I can’t keep focused since it reminds me of you, so I eventually stopped concocting pills," she said in a calm voice, yet one could feel sadness from it.

Su Yang was speechless. He didn’t think that this would be the reason why she stopped concocting pills.

"Even if you can no longer concoct pills, why did you abandon your sect? You don’t need to be able to concoct pills to manage the sect. I can only imagine the despair your disciples felt when you suddenly disappeared." Su Yang sighed.

"Because whenever I saw the sect elders teaching their disciples, it would remind me of our time together, so I left that place and came here," she responded.

The God of Alchemy then lifted her head to look at his face and said, "Su Yang, you’re the reason I couldn’t do alchemy for the last two thousand years. Take responsibility."