Chapter 940 Pill Basemen

"T-Take responsibility? What do you want me to do? You cannot blame me for what happened! Blame that old man for reincarnating me without asking my permission!" Su Yang exclaimed.

"And now that I am back, you should be able to concoct pills again, right?"

"I want you to take responsibility by giving me your Family Seal." The God of Alchemy said, taking them by surprise.

"What? My Family Seal? I asked you before, but you refused. Why would you suddenly want it now?" Su Yang said with his eyebrows raised.

"I refused to accept your Family Seal before because I didn’t want it to affect my alchemy... No, I was afraid that if I’d accepted it, my love for alchemy would dwindle since I would love you more, and I couldn’t bear the thought of loving something else more than alchemy, which has been the sole purpose of my life."

"But when you died... I realized that my love for you had already surpassed alchemy. I just didn’t realize it before you died... Or maybe I didn’t want to realize it, so I purposefully ignored it— fooling myself into believing that I still love alchemy more."

A gentle smile appeared on Su Yang’s face after hearing her reasoning, and he said, "Silly Xiang’er, you could simply love the both of us equally just like how I love everyone in my family equally. There’s no need for you to split your love. Of course, it’s also okay if you love one more than the other. It’s not like you will stop loving the other because you love one more than the other."

The God of Alchemy nodded and said, "Okay. I will try to love you and alchemy equally."

"Alright. I will give you my Family Seal later." Su Yang then said.

Luo Ziyi was speechless. The God of Alchemy is going to join the Su Family? This was too sudden even for her.

After a moment of silence, the God of Alchemy asked, "Su Yang, what are you going to do now? Did you come here just to tell me that you’re still alive?"

"Well, that is certainly one of the reasons why I came here, but I have other reasons as well. I need your help. As you can see, I have to start from scratch because of my reincarnation."

"I plan on joining the Boundless Yin Yang Sect to increase my cultivation base, and I will need your pills to make sure that nobody will learn about my return before I am completely prepared— along with other things."

The God of Alchemy nodded and said, "Okay."

"What kind of pills do you need?" she then asked him.

Su Yang then retrieved a long list from his storage ring and showed it to her.

There were over a hundred different kinds of pills listed there. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Luo Ziyi shook her head and said, "As expected of a shameless man, asking for so many pills at once. I don’t even want to know how much that list would’ve cost you if you had to buy it yourself."

Su Yang chuckled and said, "I definitely wouldn’t be able to afford it in my current state, and even you would have trouble paying for it."

The God of Alchemy took a moment to look at the list before nodding her head, "Okay. I have the majority of them in my storage, but I will have to concoct the others."

"Thank you, Xiang’er. You’re a lifesaver."

The God of Alchemy, Yu Xiang, then jumped off his lap and said, "Follow me."

Su Yang and Luo Ziyi proceeded to follow her to another room in the building that led them to a staircase that went down.

At the end of the stair was another room— a massive basement with countless shelves placed neatly beside each other, almost like a library of sorts.

But instead of books occupying these shelves, it was filled with pill bottles, kind of like a wine cellar.

"Wow... This place looks like an expensive pill store..." Luo Ziyi was surprised by the location.

However, her surprise grew into shock when she read some of the labels on these pill bottles.

"Celestial Star Pill?! And there are so many bottles!" Luo Ziyi exclaimed in a shocked voice.

A single Celestial Star Pill would go for millions of flawless-quality Spirit Jade, yet there was an entire shelf full of them right in front of her very eyes, and it was close enough for her to reach!

The other shelves were no different, as all of them had incredibly valuable and priceless pills on display!

This basement was definitely a priceless treasury! A paradise for alchemists!

The longer Luo Ziyi stayed inside this place and the more pills she saw, the more she was shocked by the existence of this basement.

If the world somehow learns of this world that is filled with priceless ingredients, much less this basement that is filled with priceless pills, there would definitely be people risking their lives to invade this place.

And as much as she wanted to snatch a few pill bottles from this place, Luo Ziyi resisted her urges and followed Yu Xiang with Su Yang, who appeared to be quite calm.

"Just like the ingredients outside, I am always left speechless every time I visit this place no matter how many times I experience it," said Su Yang.

He then took a deep breath and continued, "This place also smells great. It has a unique smell that you cannot find outside since this is the only place in the universe with such a massive collection of precious pills."

"If you want, you can take some of them. I have no use for them, anyway," Yu Xiang said in a nonchalant voice.

"Are you trying to spoil me?" Su Yang said with a smile on his face, and he continued, "It’s fine. I will only take what I absolutely need, and I will definitely repay you in the future for your help."