Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 941 Unique Alchemy Flames

After spending about half an hour inside Yu Xiang’s pill basement collecting the pills Su Yang needed for his journey, they left the basement and went back outside.

"I will go look for the ingredients needed to concoct the rest of the pills. Give me a few days," she said to him.

Su Yang nodded and then said, "Oh, right. If you don’t mind, can you gather these ingredients for me as well?"

He then handed her another list of ingredients, but this list already had a couple of ingredients crossed out.

When Yu Xiang saw this recipe, she raised her eyebrows. Clearly, she knew what he was trying to concoct just by looking at the recipe.

"Do you want me to help you concoct this pill as well?" She suddenly asked him.

"No, I can concoct that pill by myself," he said.

"Okay. Then I will be back." Yu Xiang said before flying away, but she would turn around to look at him once every few seconds until she could no longer see him.

"What kind of pill are you trying to concoct?" Luo Ziyi asked him out of curiosity.

"It’s a pill that fixes infertility," he said.

"What?" Luo Ziyi’s eyes widened slightly.

"Su Liqing cannot give birth no matter how many times we tried, so I am concocting this pill for her," he explained.

"I see... So she was infertile, huh."

"Anyway, the God of Alchemy is nothing like I had expected. I know that her childish appearance isn’t her real appearance, but she sometimes feels quite childish, especially the way she speaks." Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Su Yang laughed out loud and said, "Yes, she’s quite unique."

A few days later, Yu Xiang returned to the house with a bunch of ingredients in her grasp.

She then took a seat in front of the buildings and retrieved her cauldron.

"Watching the God of Alchemy concoct pills... I wonder how many people would kill just to witness it." Luo Ziyi mumbled as they watched from the sidelines.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Don’t blink or you’ll miss it."

"Huh?"

Just as she said that, Yu Xiang tossed a couple of the ingredients inside the cauldron without heating up the cauldron first like one normally would.

She then summoned her alchemy flames that looked very familiar to Su Yang.

"What beautiful alchemy flames..." Luo Ziyi was immediately mesmerized by the azure-colored flames— the same ones used by Zhu Mengyi.

Of course, Yu Xiang’s mastery and control with the Azure Flames was incomparably superior, reaching beyond perfection.

In less than a second, the cauldron heated up, melting the ingredients inside.

Yu Xiang then used another second to shape the pill before using a few more seconds to complete the pill and taking it out of the cauldron.

In just a couple of seconds, Yu Xiang has managed to concoct one of the most difficult pills in existence, and the pill even came out in flawless quality.

This left Luo Ziyi speechless. Although she was not an alchemy master, she knew the basics, and she has never heard of someone concocting a pill with such speed and perfection before, much less witnessing it herself.

After she retrieved the pill, Yu Xiang placed it inside a pill bottle before sealing it and tossing it to Su Yang.

And then she immediately began concocting the next pill.

Once she placed the ingredients inside the cauldron, Yu Xiang summoned her alchemy flames again, but they were a different color— an entirely different type of alchemy flames.

Luo Ziyi wasn’t surprised at all when she saw this, since she knew that there were people out there who could use more than one unique alchemy flame at once, so it wasn’t mindblowing that the God of Alchemy, who is supposedly the best alchemy master in the world, could use more than one unique alchemy flames.

However, she was curious how many unique alchemy flames the God of Alchemy had, so she asked Su Yang, "Do you know how many unique alchemy flames she can use?"

Su Yang merely smiled and said, "Take a guess."

"..."

Luo Ziyi pondered for a moment before speaking, "I know the Sect Master of the Spirit Cauldron Sect can use 13 different alchemy flames, and he’s regarded as one of the top alchemy masters in the Four Divine Heavens. If I have to guess, she knows around 20 to 30 different alchemy flames?"

"Not even close," said Su Yang.

And he continued, "She can use every single alchemy flame out there. In other words, she can use all of them."

"All of them...?" Luo Ziyi was left speechless by this revelation.

There were hundreds if not thousands of unique alchemy flames out there. How can a single individual possibly use all of them?

"She’s not called the youngest and most accomplished God of Alchemy for a reason. Of course, not many people know that she can use all the unique alchemy flames out there." Su Yang chuckled.

While Su Yang and Luo Ziyi spoke with each other, Yu Xiang had already finished concocting the remaining pills Su Yang needed for his journey, and she had used a different alchemy flame for every pill she concocted.

"Congratulations, Xiang’er. Looks like you can concoct pills again." Su Yang said to her afterward.

"In fact, I think you’ve even improved since the last time I saw your skills."

"Here are your pills." Yu Xiang handed the pill bottles to him.

"Thank you."

Su Yang quickly tossed them inside his storage ring, feeling extremely confident in his plans now that he has Yu Xiang’s unrivaled pills.

"Also, these are the ingredients for your pill." Yu Xiang pointed at the leftovers.

Now that he has all of the necessary ingredients, Su Yang can finally concoct the pill that will cure Su Liqing’s infertility.

"Now that I have everything I need... Do you want to work on the Family Seal?" Su Yang asked Yu Xiang, who nodded her head in a calm yet eager manner.