Chapter 942 Most Powerful Alchemy Flames in the Universe

"I’ll see you later." Su Yang said to Luo Ziyi before heading upstairs with Yu Xiang following behind him.

’Is he going to cultivate with her in that appearance?’ Luo Ziyi couldn’t help but wonder as she watched Yu Xiang’s childish figure follow Su Yang up the stairs.

Compared to Xiao Rong’s petite figure, Yu Xiang’s appearance definitely looked younger, and some would even argue illegal as well.

Once they entered Yu Xiang’s room, Su Yang laid on her bed and watched as Yu Xiang climbed onto the bed with him.

However, they didn’t immediately cultivate, and Yu Xiang laid beside Su Yang.

They silently stared at the ceiling for a few minutes before Yu Xiang spoke, "Su Yang... I missed you..."

"I missed you as well, Xiang’er."

Yu Xiang then stood up on the bed and sat on his pelvis area.

"I want to love you and alchemy equally, but I think that’s impossible since my feelings for you seemingly continue to grow endlessly. However, I think I am also fine with that."

She leaned her small body until her lips were touching his lips.

After a quick and gentle kiss on the lips, she sat back up and began loosening her robes, revealing her immature body.

"You’re going to cultivate in that appearance?" Su Yang asked her with raised eyebrows.

Yu Xiang then retrieved a white pill before putting it inside her mouth in a seducing manner.

After crunching on the pill a few times, her small figure began growing larger— until she was a full-fledged mature woman with two large and beautifully shaped breasts only a few inches away from Su Yang’s face.

Yu Xiang’s long black hair flowed down her naked back like a river, and Su Yang could feel two round and soft buttocks pressing against his legs.

Her overall blossoming figure resembled Wang Shuren’s mature body, but her assets were larger overall, especially her breasts.

With such monsters on her chest, one would understand why she would prefer a childish appearance if they saw it.

After returning to her original appearance, Yu Xiang lowered her body again.

However, this time, Yu Xiang didn’t kiss Su Yang. Instead, she pressed her large breasts against Su Yang’s face and said, "You liked it when I did this before, right?"

Su Yang chuckled, "I still do."

He then moved his arms and used his claw-like hands to grope her large breasts, feeling as though he was massaging heaven itself. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

After massaging her breasts for a few moments, Su Yang opened his mouth and began sucking on the pink and erected tips on her breasts.

Sometime later, Yu Xiang turned her body around and began loosening the lower part of his clothes.

Seeing Yu Xiang’s peerlessly round buttocks, Su Yang immediately grabbed it and pulled it towards his face.

He then extended his tongue and began licking the slit that had pink meat inside.

Meanwhile, Yu Xiang pulled out a stiff rod from within Su Yang’s robes and took a deep breath.

A euphoric look appeared on Yu Xiang’s face, looking like she was obsessed with the smell of his meatstick.

Once her nose was satisfied, Yu Xiang opened her mouth and gobbled up the entire rod with ease.

Sloppy noises quickly filled the room.

In response to Yu Xiang’s delightful mouth techniques, Su Yang inserted his tongue deep inside her lower mouth that was drooling with saliva.

Unfortunately, just like the case with Luo Ziyi, his cultivation base was too low to benefit from Yu Xiang’s Yin Qi, so he could only consume them without absorbing its effects.

After spending many minutes in this position, Yu Xiang stood up with her little sister dripping wet.

"Are you ready?" Su Yang asked her.

Seeing her nod, Su Yang smiled.

He then summoned his alchemy flames, enveloping his rod with it.

Yu Xiang’s eyes flickered with excitement when she saw his flaming rod.

"You like this, right?" He said with a slight chuckle at the end.

Yu Xiang nodded eagerly before squatting down, inserting his flaming rod deep inside her lower mouth, feeling something incredibly hard and hot poking the end of her cave a moment later.

Yu Xiang’s eyes slightly rolled back when she felt an intense feeling of satisfaction and pleasure gush into her body during the moment of penetration.

Once Yu Xiang snapped out of her daze, she started moving her hips, riding Su Yang as though he was a horse.

Sometime later, Yu Xiang decided to summon her alchemy flames as well, engulfing the inside of her cave with a sea of unique alchemy flames, and flames of multiple colors began gushing from her cave.

Blue, red, yellow, green— it was as though her lower mouth was spewing rainbow flames.

Su Yang’s body trembled with delight when he suddenly felt an indescribable feeling overwhelm his sword, sending little lightning snakes in every corner of his body.

The only person who could possibly use such a technique in the Four Divine Heavens was definitely Yu Xiang, who has mastered all the unique alchemy flames in the world.

She was so proficient with the unique alchemy flames that she could even combine all of them together, creating an entirely new type of unique flames that could be considered the most powerful alchemy flames in the universe.

However, instead of using this type of heaven-defying alchemy flame to concoct pills, Yu Xiang used it to satisfy her lover in bed.

If the alchemy masters in the Four Divine Heavens were to somehow learn of this, they would definitely die of envy and shock.

Su Yang quickly began sweating when Yu Xiang began using her technique. Although he was able to handle it perfectly before, he was no longer in the same body, and even his endurance to pleasure was no longer as powerful as before. Therefore, he could only enjoy Yu Xiang’s heavenly flames for a few seconds before tapping out and releasing a load of Yang Qi inside her cave.

"This is the first time I have defeated you in bed," she said with him with a somewhat smug look on her face.

And she continued, "Now when will you defeat me in alchemy?"