Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 945 Celestial Yang Qi

"Okay," Yu Xiang nodded in a calm manner, seemingly undisturbed despite hearing that she’d killed innocent people with her black fog.

This sent chills down Wang Shuren and Bai Lihua’s spine.

They thought Su Yang was exaggerating when he said that Yu Xiang was a cold individual who didn’t care about anything else besides alchemy. Looking at her now, they silently prayed for their future as her disciples.

"Are you going to leave now, Su Yang?" Yu Xiang asked him sometime later.

"Yes. Now that I have pretty much everything I need for my journey, I will go join the Boundless Yin Yang Sect to increase my cultivation base. It’s still probably going to take a couple of years before I can regain some of my original strength, but the Boundless Yin Yang Sect is pretty much the best sect for dual cultivators in the Four Divine Heavens... Unless something changed while I was away."

"Okay. I will see you later then." Yu Xiang said to him.

"..."

They have only been with Yu Xiang for a few minutes, but Wang Shuren and Bai Lihua could tell that Yu Xiang was an entirely different individual whenever she spoke with Su Yang.

The difference was shockingly vast as well.

"Good luck, Lihua. Good luck, Shuren."

Su Yang then gave each of them a hug and passionate kiss before leaving the Medicine Paradise with Luo Ziyi.

Of course, Yu Xiang had to go outside first to cleanse the black fog that covered the Jaded Garden. If Su Yang and Luo Ziyi went outside still with the black fog there, their lives would immediately be in danger.

Once she cleansed the Jaded Garden, returning it to its former glory, Yu Xiang returned to the Medicine Paradise.

"The plants are unharmed despite being consumed by the poisonous fog?" Luo Ziyi was shocked when she saw how the Jaded Garden remained untouched despite spending a few hundred years surrounded by one of the most powerful poisons within the Four Divine Heavens.

Logically speaking, all of the plants here should’ve withered away by the poison, yet there doesn’t appear to be any damages done to the place.

Su Yang smiled and said, "One thing about Xiang’er is that she doesn’t like to waste or hurt ingredients even if they’re just ordinary plants. While her pills have harmed a lot of people, I cannot recall an instance where her pills have affected the environment or the plants there."

Luo Ziyi was speechless after hearing his words. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

To create the world’s most powerful poison was already incredible enough, but to think that she’d managed to make the most powerful poison in the world that doesn’t hurt the environment was simply astonishing.

"The God of Alchemy... What an unfathomable individual. I look forward to our future together," she said with a smile on her face a moment later.

"Anyways, what now? Are you going to go straight to the Boundless Yin Yang Sect now?" Luo Ziyi then asked him.

"I would like to join them as soon as possible, but I need to see whether they are in their disciple recruitment period or not. If I recall correctly, the Boundless Yin Yang Sect only recruits disciples once every ten years. Hopefully, their recruitment period is soon, or I will have to think of something else."

"Can’t you just go to other dual cultivation sects? The Boundless Yin Yang Sect isn’t the only one out there. Although they may be powerful, there are other dual cultivation sects as powerful if not even more powerful than them in the Four Divine Heavens."

"Or is there a specific reason why you must go to the Boundless Yin Yang Sect?"

Su Yang looked at the clear blue sky for a moment before speaking, "The Boundless Yin Yang Immortal Caves. The Boundless Yin Yang Sect is the only place with such a unique place, and I’d like to temper my body there."

"Although I can increase my cultivation base anywhere, I can only temper my body and Yang Qi to an extreme degree at the Boundless Yin Yang Sect."

"The Boundless Yin Yang Immortal Caves... I think I have heard of that place before. It’s a natural spot where it occasionally spews out Celestial Yang Qi and Celestial Yin Qi, right?"

"Yes, that’s right. Although the Celestial Yang Qi will benefit any man, it will benefit men with Celestial Qi even more."

Just like how there is ordinary Profound Qi and Celestial Qi, there was ordinary Yang Qi and Celestial Yang Qi.

Celestial Yang Qi is basically a superior version of Extreme Yang Qi, but unlike Extreme Yang Qi, one cannot cultivate Celestial Yang Qi naturally, meaning that no matter how hard one trains, one will never be able to use Celestial Yang Qi.

In his previous life, Su Yang was only able to make his Yang Qi into Extreme Yang Qi, as he didn’t have any Celestial Qi in his body, making it impossible for him to acquire Celestial Yang Qi regardless of how talented he was.

However, that was not the case anymore. Now that his body contains Celestial Qi, even if it’s only a small amount, he would be able to cultivate the Celestial Yang Qi and surpass his old self.

This possibility made Su Yang incredibly excited for his future, but in order to acquire Celestial Yang Qi, he must first enter the Boundless Yin Yang Sect.

"Let’s go to Marital Heaven, shall we?" Su Yang asked her a moment later.

She nodded.

They proceeded to make their way back to the capital city of Jade Heaven, Divine Jade City.

Once they arrived, they paid for three tickets to Martial Heaven, not even bothering to hide Xiao Rong this time.

After waiting for a few hours for the destination to rotate to Marital Heaven, they entered the teleport formation and left Jade Heaven.

The Martial Heaven was quite far away from the Jade Heaven— almost twice as far when comparing the distance between Jade Heaven and Celestial Heaven, so it took them twice as long to reach the other side of the wormhole.

A week later, they arrived at the capital city of Martial Heaven— Martial God City.

__

Author’s Note: There is a new voting system for called Golden Tickets for the premium novels that will reset once a month. You can get them through spending coins or gifting the novel a certain amount(500+). If you don’t have this in your app, update the app.

Therefore, in order to bribe you into voting, I shall give you THREE bonus chapters(including daily chapters) for both Dual Cultivation and Cultivation Online if Hero’s Carnage, my new novel, reaches 1,000 Golden Tickets.