Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 946 A New Plan

The moment Su Yang and Luo Ziyi arrived at Martial Heaven, they could feel a major difference in the quality of Profound Qi in the air.

Compared to the Jade Heaven and the Celestial Heaven, the quality of Profound Qi in Martial Heaven was vastly superior— almost incomparable.

This is one of the major reasons why Martial Heaven is always ranked first in terms of prowess and also why most of the top sects within the Four Divine Heavens are located at Martial Heaven. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Where to now?" Luo Ziyi asked him shortly after they arrived at Martial God City.

"There should be an area specifically for information brokers a couple of minutes from this place. Let’s go see when the last disciple examination was for the Boundless Yin Yang Sect," he said.

They proceeded to make their way to this location with information brokers.

Once they arrived at the area, they could see multiple information stores set up on the same street.

Su Yang picked one of them and went inside with Luo Ziyi.

"How may I help you?"

The middle-aged man working inside the store asked them.

"I want some information about the Boundless Yin Yang Sect. When was the last time they hosted their disciple examination?" Su Yang asked the man.

The man proceeded to give them a price for the information, and after Su Yang handed over the fee, the man spoke, "They had a disciple examination just last year."

Su Yang frowned when he heard this, as this meant that the Boundless Yin Yang Sect wouldn’t be accepting new disciples for another nine years.

And as much as he wanted to wait, he simply couldn’t wait nine years to join the sect, as he had an appointment with Tang Lingxi in nine years, and the place they were supposed to meet wasn’t a place he could enter at his current level.

"Nine years... What now?" Luo Ziyi asked him.

"Let’s go somewhere more private first," he said.

Sometime later, they rented a room in some random hotel.

The first thing Luo Ziyi did was conceal the entire room with a formation.

Su Yang then sat down on the bed with a somewhat exhausted-looking expression on his face.

"If only I’d returned a year earlier..." he sighed out loud.

"Nine years may be a short time in my eyes, but to you... It’s probably too long to wait, huh?" Luo Ziyi said to him.

"Yes, way too long. I have to meet up with Lingxi in nine years, or she’ll hurt herself, even risking death..." He sighed.

"Sister Lingxi? Why don’t you have one of us meet her in your stead?" Luo Ziyi suggested.

Su Yang shook his head and said, "That won’t work. Lingxi is a stern individual who won’t believe anything from anyone unless she sees it for herself. And the location we’re supposed to meet up isn’t a place I want any of you to traverse. It’s too dangerous."

"Then what are you going to do? Are there any ways for you to enter the Boundless Yin Yang Sect without taking the disciple examination? I know many sects out there have made exceptions and accepted disciples even after the disciple examination ended. The Boundless Yin Yang Sect shouldn’t be any different."

"There are certainly other ways to enter the Boundless Yin Yang Sect without taking the disciple examination, but these methods are quite tedious and would require me to contact some people— people who I don’t want to know that I am still alive."

"Is there anything I or the others can do?" Luo Ziyi asked.

"If you do that, it’ll definitely attract attention, and I don’t want to be in the spotlight even before I join the sect," he said.

Su Yang then laid on the bed and closed his eyes to ponder.

Luo Ziyi didn’t say anything and allowed him to think in silence.

A few minutes later, Su Yang opened his eyes and said, "Since I cannot approach them... I will have to make them approach me instead."

"What?" Luo Ziyi looked at him with wide eyes.

This is all he could come up with after thinking for so long? And what did he mean by ’making them approach him’?

"Allow me to explain. I am going to go to the closest city to the Boundless Yin Yang Sect, and then I am going to make a name for myself there. Hopefully, it won’t take too long for someone at the sect to notice my presence and invite me to join the sect."

"And how are you going to make them notice you?"

"By dual cultivating, of course."

"Is that so..." Luo Ziyi looked at him with a somewhat weird look on her face.

When Su Yang saw this, he said with a smile, "Don’t look at me like I am crazy. The city nearest to the Boundless Yin Yang Sect is called the City of Pleasure, and it is quite famous for being a place where cultivators can go to enjoy themselves. From luxurious escorts to mortals who simply want to have one-night stands, you can find them all in the City of Pleasure."

"The disciples of Boundless Yin Yang Sect usually go to this city to have fun when they get bored of their fellow disciples, and if I can cultivate with one of them, I will display some of my skills— just enough to make them interested in me. If I do this right, they will definitely try to recruit me to the sect!" Su Yang said with a confident look on his face.

"It could take weeks— even months before they notice me, but it’ll be much better than waiting for 9 years."

Su Yang then turned to look at Luo Ziyi and asked her, "Are you going to come with me? Or are you going to return to the Sacred Lands?"

"I will follow you until you reach the city and probably even spend a few more days with you, but after that, I will have to return to the sect. I’m afraid that if I keep the others waiting, they will get impatient and start seeking for you, and there are some important events coming up for the sect," she said.

"Alright." Su Yang nodded.