Chapter 947 City of Pleasure

Su Yang and Luo Ziyi left the Martial God City shortly after they arrived, using the teleport formation to instantly transport them to the City of Pleasure, a renowned city within Martial Heaven.

Once they arrived at the city, Su Yang and Luo Ziyi went to look for a hotel, and there were plenty of hotels within the City of Pleasure.

In fact, the number of hotels within the City of Pleasure far surpassed that of ordinary buildings and stores, as one-night stands were quite popular in this place, and with the massive number of visitors every day, they required a lot of hotels.

As they walked down the wide and busy street, they could see countless women standing around.

Pretty young ladies, graceful ladies, mature women, beautiful women— there were all kinds of beauties available in the City of Pleasure, all of them looking to please others or wanting to be pleasured.

There were also a lot of handsome men in the City of Pleasure just for the ladies— or other men depending on one’s taste.

"How much experience do you have in this place?" Luo Ziyi suddenly asked Su Yang.

"What makes you think I would have experience in such a place?" Su Yang responded with a smile on his face.

"Please. This place is called the City of Pleasure— it has your middle name in it. I wouldn’t be surprised if you were the lord of this place at one point in time," she said.

Su Yang laughed out loud at her words, and he said, "Unfortunately, you’re wrong about this one. I have only been here a handful of times, and most of them were business-related. In fact, I didn’t like this place in the past."

"Really? Why not? This place is like a paradise for dual cultivators," she said.

"I’m not exactly sure myself either, to be completely honest with you. I just never really liked the place ever since I heard about it.

"Maybe it’s because it will be too easy for you to seduce someone in this place that’s catered to people like you? I know you have a habit of trying to challenge yourself by chasing after women people deem impossible to conquer. If you look at our family, almost everyone has impressive backgrounds and plenty of influence within the Four Divine Heavens— women that one normally wouldn’t even imagine conquering." Luo Ziyi said to him.

Su Yang chuckled and said, "I cannot deny that I didn’t like a good challenge back then. The more someone would refuse, the more effort I’d put into conquering her. However, I think I have changed since then."

"You sure have..." Luo Ziyi said with a smile.

Sometime later, they eventually found a hotel that wasn’t already fully booked, and they rented the room for a week.

Once they were inside the room, Luo Ziyi concealed the room with a formation.

Su Yang then retrieved one of the pills Yu Xiang gave him and consumed it, altering his fatty appearance to something more ordinary and average.

If a stranger were to look at Su Yang right now, they’d see only see an ordinary scholar who didn’t have any impressive or special features— he was just your run-of-the-mill scholar.

"That’s your new appearance?" Luo Ziyi looked at him with her eyebrows slightly raised.

"Yes. How do I look?"

"You look... lackluster— so plain that I can speak with you and then forget about you the moment we stop talking," she said.

Su Yang chuckled at her words, and he said, "Good enough."

"Well, what are you going to do now? I am curious how you’re going to attract the Boundless Yin Yang Sect without attracting too much attention."

Hearing her question, Su Yang stared at her with a dead serious look on his face, and he spoke in a calm voice, "I am going to open up a store."

"A what?" Luo Ziyi’s eyes widened.

"A store," he repeated.

"I heard you... But what kind of store?"

"A massage parlor," he said, leaving Luo Ziyi speechless.

"You’re going to open up a massage parlor...?"

Luo Ziyi never thought she’d see the day where Su Yang would do something so random and ridiculous.

The God of Pleasure opening up a massage parlor? It was truly a miracle she never thought could be possible.

"Once I open my massage parlor, I will have a way to make a name for myself without any suspicions. Eventually, the Boundless Yin Yang Sect will notice me and try to recruit me," he said with a confident smile on his face.

"I really have to see this now. Let’s open up your store now." Luo Ziyi said, seemingly more eager to open up the massage parlor than Su Yang himself.

"Okay."

They proceeded to make their way to the management building for the City of Pleasure, where they handled all business-related things for the city.

"How may I help you two?" An old man asked them once they reached the desk. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"I would like to open up a store in the city," said Su Yang.

"What kind of store are you looking to open in the City of Pleasure? A brothel?"

"No, I want to open up a massage parlor," he said with a serious look on his face.

"I’m sorry, but there are already enough massage parlors in the City of Pleasure." The old man shook his head.

However, Luo Ziyi suddenly retrieved 10 flawless-quality spirit stones and placed them on the desk in front of the old man, whose eyes immediately widened with shock when he realized what they were.

10 flawless-quality spirit stones were more than enough to buy a hundred shops within the City of Pleasure, much less a single massage parlor.

"P-Please excuse this old man, esteemed guests. I must have made a mistake due to old age. Now that I think about it, there seems to be a lack of massage parlors in the City of Pleasure, and if you’d like to open one, we will gladly have you with us!" The old man’s attitude did a 180 turn upon seeing the money.