Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 948 Massage Parlor

Although it was questionable why someone who could afford to waste 10 flawless-quality spirit stones to open up a massage parlor would do so, the old man couldn’t care less about their reasons and decided to accept them.

The old man then began looking for available areas in the City of Pleasure.

"Do you have any preferences for the location of your massage parlor, esteemed guests?" The old man asked them.

"Not really," Su Yang said, as he wasn’t worried about getting no customers.

"Then how about the Red Light District? It is usually the most populated area in the City of Pleasure, and most of the people there are high-class." The old man suggested.

Su Yang pondered for a moment before shaking his head.

"I want something less extravagant and something more... basic. It is also a plus if there’s a good variety of people there."

The old man nodded and pondered for a minute before speaking again, "What about the Pink Light District? You can find all sorts of people there, from mortals to immortals."

"That sounds good." Su Yang agreed.

"Great! What about the building? There are currently 6 buildings available in the Pink Light District. Should I just get the biggest one that’s available for you?"

"No, I want something small and comfortable. I will only be accepting one customer at a time, after all."

"There are 2 buildings that fit your criteria. Here are the layouts of the building. Which one do you prefer?" The old man then placed two scrolls on the desk, showing them two different buildings and their interiors.

"I want this one." Su Yang picked the building on the right, which had two small rooms and a single bathroom.

"Okay, then I will register you as the new owner of the building now. Can you give me some basic information about yourself?"

Su Yang nodded and began making up his background.

"My name is Xiao Yang, and I am from a common family. After failing to become a scholar multiple times, I have decided to give up on becoming a scholar to start my own business. I am also 20 years old." Su Yang gave the old man more information than was needed just in case someone were to ask them about his background.

’A common family?’ The old man raised his eyebrows.

What kind of common family has the ability to spend 10 flawless-grade spirit stones to open up a massage parlor in the City of Pleasure? And why would a failed scholar suddenly decide to open up a massage parlor? What made him change direction in life this hard? The old man was curious, but he didn’t dare ask.

"What about you, young lady?" The old man turned to look at Luo Ziyi, thinking that she will also be working with Su Yang.

Luo Ziyi shook her head and said, "I won’t be working in the store. He’s the sole owner of the store— I am just paying for him since I owe him a debt."

"I-I understand. Just me a few minutes to make this official." The old man then went away for some minutes before returning with some scrolls in his hand and a key.

"Here are the documents that will prove you’re the owner of the massage parlor. This one over here has all of the rules you must follow as a store owner of the City of Pleasure. This one is about taxes. Every year, the city will take a percentage of your income as tax depending on whichever district you are located in. Oh, this one is the location of your building. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them now or come back later."

"Thank you."

Su Yang accepted the items and tossed them into his storage ring before leaving the place with Luo Ziyi.

They then followed the map until they arrived before a small and empty building that was located in the center of the Pink Light District, one of many districts within the City of Pleasure. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Using the key given to them, they went into this building.

The first room was a small squared room that had a single desk in the middle with nothing else.

"This will be the reception." Su Yang said as he walked to the door straight ahead, entering the second room in this building.

The second room was three times larger than the first room, giving Su Yang plenty of room to work with.

After spending a moment looking around the building, Su Yang cleaned the place until not even a speck of dust remained.

He then placed a couple of chairs in the reception room and a single large mattress in the center of the second room.

"This is it? It looks so... unprofessional and sketchy." Luo Ziyi said afterward, giving her honest opinion of the place.

"I don’t have any proper furniture at this moment so I will decorate the place properly later," he said.

"This will suffice for now."

Su Yang then retrieved a large piece of cloth with something written on it from his storage ring.

Luo Ziyi read the contents on the cloth with her eyebrows raised the whole time.

"Heaven Massage... Experience what it feels like to be in heaven... First three customers free of charge?"

Indeed, Su Yang had kept the sign he’d created for his massage business within the Profound Blossom Sect when he was still a mere Outer Court disciple this entire time.

"This thing doesn’t look new. When did you make it?" Luo Ziyi noticed this and asked him.

"When I first regained my memories in the other world," he said in a calm voice.

"Why did you keep something like this?" She couldn’t help but ask.

"I just felt like it, I guess. It has some history behind it as well."

Sometime later, once they were prepared to open, Su Yang hung the sign made of cloth directly in front of the building, attracting attention from the surrounding pedestrians and the other stores already, but it was not because they wanted a massage. Instead, they were baffled by his sloppy and poor advertising method, and some of them even thought it was a joke.