Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 949 First Customer

"What the heck is he doing? Did someone finally decide to take up that store?" One of the store owners there asked the others.

"Heavenly Massage... So a massage parlor? Don’t we already have enough of those in the city? I’m surprised the management even allowed him to open another one."

"The management probably made a mistake, but this is good news for us since this new business most likely won’t affect our business at all," said another.

There were over a dozen stores around Su Yang’s massage parlor. Half of them were hotels with the other half being brothels. There were a few unique stores, such as a store that sold special treasures that can only be used inside the bedroom, and another one that sold pills and medicine that enhances one’s experience in the bedroom.

Of course, there were also a couple of massage parlors within the Pink Light District, and all of them have more reputation and credit than Su Yang’s newly opened massage parlor, meaning that getting new customers would be difficult.

After hanging the sign outside the building, Su Yang went back inside and proceeded to wait for customers.

Three days passed by in a flash since Su Yang opened up his massage parlor, but he has yet to have a single customer walk through his doors.

"Three days and not a single customer despite advertising free services. This isn’t a good look for your business, dear." Luo Ziyi said to him.

And she continued, "If you cannot get customers when it’s free, how in heaven’s name are you going to get customers once you start charging people?"

"Patience, Ziyi... patience..." Su Yang said with a calm look on his face as he cultivated in the corner of the room.

"Hopefully you get a customer before I leave in a few days." Luo Ziyi said.

"It may start out slow— extremely slow, but the moment I get my first customer, things will speed up significantly," he said.

They continued to wait for a customer to show up.

Two days later, they finally heard the door to their building open.

A moment later, they can hear a feminine voice, "Hello? Is there anybody here?"

Luo Ziyi then went outside and said, "Welcome to Heavenly Massage. How may I help you?"

Luo Ziyi decided to take the role of receptionist for as long as she was working there.

A woman with ordinary facial features but a beautiful slender figure walked up to her and asked, "I saw the promotion outside and decided to give it a try. After all, I can’t refuse free things... Or am I too late?"

"No, you’re not. Each session will be for thirty minutes. Are you okay with that?" Luo Ziyi asked her.

"Yes, I am fine with that." The woman nodded.

Luo Ziyi then guided her to the next room that only took a couple of steps to arrive.

The moment they went inside this room, they could see an ordinary young man with a scholarly aura around him standing there with a gentle smile on his face.

"Welcome to Heavenly Massage, beautiful young fairy." Su Yang greeted the woman.

"T-Thank you..." The woman was taken by surprise by Su Yang’s complement, as this was her first time being called beautiful.

"Please lay down over here with your back facing the ceiling." Su Yang then pointed at the luxurious mattress on the floor.

The woman was stunned that they didn’t even have a proper massage table, but she laid on the mattress regardless.

’Wow... What a comfortable mattress...’

The woman was once again taken by surprise by the high-quality mattress under her body; it was definitely one of the most comfortable mattresses she has experienced in her life thus far.

"Let me know when you’re ready so that we can begin." Su Yang said to her once she laid down.

"You can start now," she said to him.

"Okay. Please excuse me." Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Su Yang then kneeled beside the mattress and began caressing his fingers across her back while she was still fully clothed.

The woman’s body trembled at the sensation of Su Yang’s fingers on her back, feeling as though his fingers were caressing her skin despite having clothes on.

A few moments later, Su Yang began pressing his fingers into certain locations on her back, poking her vital points with the Finger of Fulfillment technique.

"Ah~!"

To her own surprise, the woman subconsciously released a loud moan that echoed in the small room.

Su Yang didn’t mind it at all and continued to massage her vital points all over her body.

In just a few minutes, the woman had moaned multiple times, and her body was twitching all over the place.

"Do you want to turn around?" Su Yang asked the woman.

"Yes..."

The woman then flipped her body around with some difficulty due to her sensitive body at the moment.

However, just as Su Yang moved his hands, the woman said, "Wait a moment... Let me take off my clothes. Do you mind?"

"Make yourself comfortable," he said, still with a gentle smile on his face.

"..."

Despite his ordinary appearances, the woman was charmed by his gentle smile and seemingly noble demeanor, not to mention his godlike hand techniques.

The woman then loosened her clothes and spread it over the mattress like a blanket.

"You have a beautiful figure, young fairy." Su Yang said to her.

Compared to her lackluster face, her body was incredibly beautiful, perfectly portioned, and beautifully shaped.

"I am ready." The woman said to him in a somewhat bashful look on her face, feeling like a docile young lady waiting to be pampered.

Su Yang nodded and proceeded to caress his hands all over the woman’s naked body, starting from her stomach and moving up to her breasts, before going back down again and massaging her legs.

Su Yang continued to tease this woman’s body for ten minutes without actually going for her little sister that was soaked with Yin Qi by now.

When the woman could no longer endure his teasing, she grabbed his hand and moved it towards her little sister while looking at him with a passionate gaze.

"Do whatever you want to my body," she said to him.