Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 950 Do You Do Anything Other Than Massages?

"Ahhhh~!"

Su Yang’s first customer in the massage parlor moaned passionately as he worked his fingers inside her soaking wet cave that was also gushing with Yin Qi.

After giving Su Yang full access to her body, he has been displaying some of his godlike techniques on her little sister until the woman was on the verge of going crazy.

"Yes~! Yes~! Yes~!"

"More~! More~! Give me more~!"

The woman begged loudly, completely unaware that her voice and moaning had penetrated the thin walls of this building and resounded in the street for everyone to hear.

A few buildings away from Su Yang’s massage parlor, a middle-aged man had a frown on his face as he heard the woman’s moaning voice that was clearly filled with pleasure.

"Hey, I saw one of your girls entering that new massage parlor. Did you send her inside to test the place?" Someone eventually approached the middle-aged man and asked him.

The man nodded and said, "I was hoping that whoever was managing that place sucked so that I could chase him out of the Pink Light District. However, my plans have basically backfired. With how loud that bitch is moaning, everyone that wasn’t interested in it at first will definitely be looking at it in a different light now. Fuck! I shouldn’t have sent her there!"

The middle-aged man realized that he’d just sent a rabbit inside a tiger’s den that appeared to be a harmless place.

And just as the middle-aged man had expected, the pedestrians were curious about the situation inside this new massage parlor that came out of the blue, as they have never heard such blissful-sounding moans before.

Eventually, someone couldn’t resist her curiosity and entered the building.

"Welcome to Heavenly Massage! How may I help you?" Luo Ziyi greeted her.

"Hi... I would like a massage," said the pretty young woman in a nervous voice, as the moaning suddenly became twice as loud inside the building.

"Okay! The current session will end in about five minutes. Until then, please take a seat over there and wait until it’s your turn." Luo Ziyi said, acting incredibly professional despite her status.

Luo Ziyi acted so professionally that if someone told the customers that she was a powerful immortal at the peak of Immortal Ascension, nobody would believe that person.

In the first place, there was simply no way that an immortal at the peak of Immortal Ascension would work as a mere receptionist in some massage parlor in one of the most lustful cities in the Four Divine Heaven.

The new customer took a seat at the side of the room and began waiting, but her heart could not calm down with the constant moaning coming from the other room that was only a couple of meters away.

Three minutes later, another new customer entered the building and asked for a massage.

Now that they had three customers, Luo Ziyi went outside to take down the sign that advertised free massages.

The moaning finally stopped a couple more minutes later, and the street became dead silent almost instantly after the moaning stopped.

About five minutes later, the door to the massage room opened, and a woman slowly walked out in an unstable manner, looking like she was incredibly drunk.

The woman took a couple of steps towards the exit before stopping to release a soft moan.

The next second, liquid began dripping onto the floor beneath the woman, almost like she’d pissed herself.

However, the water was too clear to be pee and looked more like Yin Qi.

The customers swallowed nervously when they saw this, and their expectations for the massage session grew exponentially.

Sometime later, the woman made it to the exit with much difficulty.

"Goodbye! Thank you for your business!" Luo Ziyi said to the woman with a bright smile on her face, playing the role of a receptionist to perfection.

She then looked at the next customer and said, "You may now enter the massage room."

The pretty young woman nodded and stood up before making her way to the massage room.

Once inside the room, the new customer was shocked by the scene inside the massage room.

The room was soaked, almost like it had been sprayed with water, and standing beside a mattress was an ordinary-looking young man who was also soaked in water.

"Please give me a moment to clean up," Su Yang said to the woman, who nodded her head in a dazed manner.

Su Yang then used a profound technique to dry the wet walls and floor almost instantly.

He then started changing his clothes in front of the woman, revealing his refined body to her.

Of course, he did this purposefully.

The young woman swallowed nervously when she saw Su Yang’s flawless upper body, but when she noticed the large sausage dangling between his legs, her jaw dropped from shock, as she has never seen such a large sword before, and it wasn’t even in its awakened form just yet.

This made the woman wonder what it would look like when fully erected.

Su Yang quickly finished changing his clothes, and once he was done, he replaced the soaked mattress with a brand new one.

"I apologize for the wait, young fairy. Please, lay down for me." Su Yang said to her with a handsome smile on his face.

The young woman nodded her head and laid on the comfortable mattress with her heart beating like crazy.

Sometime later, Su Yang began massaging her body that was still fully clothed.

However, the young woman quickly realized that even with her clothes on, it felt like she was naked when Su Yang touched her body, so she decided to take it off a few minutes into the massage.

A few minutes later, once it was time for her to flip, the woman flipped her naked body over and looked at Su Yang with a hinting gaze.

However, Su Yang acted like he didn’t notice it and continued to massage her body professionally— until the woman personally spread her legs wide and said, "Hey, do you do anything other than massages here? Money isn’t an issue for me."

Su Yang chuckled in a charming manner before speaking in a calm voice, "You’re the customer. I will do whatever you want me to do."

The woman then pointed at the area between his legs and said, "I want you to massage my body with that monster inside your pants."FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com