Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 953 Hiring a New Receptionis

After Luo Ziyi left his side, Su Yang decided to take a few days off from working at the massage parlor to look for a new receptionist. After all, managing the massage parlor by himself would be very difficult when he has to spend most of his time with the customer, and stopping to massage to receive new customers wouldn’t be very personal or good for the business.

Of course, there was Xiao Rong, who could replace Luo Ziyi. However, Su Yang felt that Xiao Rong wouldn’t be a great receptionist mostly due to her nonchalant character, and he preferred someone a little more professional.

Once he prepared his sign, Su Yang placed it right outside his massage parlor, instantly attracting many gazes.

[Hiring a female receptionist. Free massages. 1 high-grade spirit stone every month.]

A bunch of ladies crowded around Su Yang’s sign before he could even return to the store.

"What happened to the previous receptionist?" One of them couldn’t help but ask him.

"She was only helping me temporarily, and she had to go home," he said.

"Are there any more requirements? Does our cultivation base or background matter?" Another one asked.

"The only requirement is that you’re a woman and you know how to treat the guests properly. Also, you must answer a few of my questions truthfully. If you wish to apply for the position, I will be inside." Su Yang said to them before entering the massage parlor.

Of course, the women outside also followed him inside, as they were interested in the role.

Not only was 1 high-grade spirit stone a month an incredibly high salary for a receptionist working anywhere in the Four Divine Heavens, much less a massage parlor in the City of Pleasure, they also get to work for Su Yang, who was given the nickname ’Divine Hands’ by his customers only a week into his business.

Despite working at the City of Pleasure for only a week, Su Yang’s massage parlor has already become a hot topic within the Pink Light District.

It was so popular that one could not walk in the street without hearing about it, and the number of customers looking for a massage had grown exponentially— to the point where customers can no longer sit in the lobby and wait for their turn.

Instead, they must write their name on a waiting list and wait until it’s their turn, and currently, the waiting list has an estimated wait time of one week despite Su Yang accepting 20 customers a day, seven days a week.

A line quickly appeared outside Su Yang’s massage parlor with the number of women wanting to work for him entering double-digit within 10 minutes since Su Yang posted his hiring sign.

Meanwhile, inside the massage parlor, Su Yang spoke with the women one by one.

"Do you have any experience as a receptionist?" Su Yang asked the pretty young woman.

"Yes! I have three years of experience when I worked at the Blue Light District!" The woman spoke with a smile on her face.

However, Su Yang could immediately tell this woman was farting about her experience.

Though he didn’t say anything about it and continued to question her.

At the end of the interview, Su Yang told the woman that she did not qualify.

"W-Why?" The woman asked him in a dumbfounded voice.

"I prefer someone I can trust, but you lied straight to my face multiple times."

"N-Nonsense! When did I lie?! How could you even tell?!" She spoke with disbelief.

"I am a scholar. I know when people lie." Su Yang said with a calm smile on his face, making up some bullshit with his fake identity.

The woman gritted her teeth and left the place without saying another word.

Su Yang continued to speak with potential workers, but there were only liars and people who didn’t qualify for multiple reasons.

Of course, there were a few over-qualified individuals that Su Yang suspected to be people sent by the other store owners.

Three days later, a small figure that looked too young to be in the City of Pleasure entered Su Yang’s massage parlor.

Su Yang raised his eyebrows when he saw this young girl who looked only to be around 10 to 14 years old inside his store.

"Do you need something?" Su Yang asked her.

The young girl nodded and said, "I want the job."

"How old are you?"

"12 years old," she said.

"And what is someone at your age doing in the City of Pleasure meant for adults?"

"I live here," she said, and she continued, "My mother works here as an entertainer, but she doesn’t make a lot of money, so I want to help her by working as well."

"You’re working? In the City of Pleasure? What do you do?" Su Yang couldn’t help but ask her.

"I am currently working as a servant in the brothel two streets down."

Su Yang was dumbfounded to hear this. The City of Pleasure allows someone this young to work in a brothel? Isn’t that illegal? Or is she working in secrecy?

However, upon closer inspection, Su Yang could tell that this little girl was still a maiden, so she most likely wasn’t doing whatever the adults were doing. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

The little girl then continued, "My job is to clean dirty clothes and towels, and I occasionally clean the rooms, but the money is very little. I can barely buy a piece of bread after working an entire day."

"And as much as I want to work as an entertainer, the city doesn’t allow me to do so because of my age. They told me that I need to be at least 20 years old to start working as an entertainer."

"My age shouldn’t matter for this job, right? I didn’t see any age requirement outside either." The little girl said, sounding quite mature for someone at her age, most likely because of the mature environment she was born in.

"You’re right. I don’t care how old you are as long as you can do your job properly." Su Yang nodded.

"With that being said, you still need to answer my questions. If I am satisfied with your answers, I will hire you."

"Okay." The little girl nodded and patiently waited for his questions.