Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 973 I Might Get You Pregnant Again

"Come over here." Su Yang opened his arms wide for her after creating a formation around the room so that they wouldn’t wake Mei Xing up.

Mei Ying nodded and entered his embrace.

Su Yang then laid on the bed with Mei Ying in his embrace.

They would stay like that for a few minutes while Su Yang enjoyed the shape of her figure and the fragrant scent coming from her body.

Suddenly, Mei Ying grabbed his hand and placed it on her chest. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"You can do whatever you want to me tonight..." she muttered in a low voice.

Su Yang then started feeling her round and soft breasts that fitted his grasp perfectly, almost as though it was made for him.

A few moments later, he laid Mei Ying on the bed, loosened her clothes, and proceeded to stare at her beautiful body with a look of admiration.

Mei Ying didn’t shy away from his gaze and stared back at him with an enchanting expression on her beautiful face.

Su Yang positioned himself in front of Mei Ying’s body before grabbing her legs and spreading it wide open.

He then lowered his body and started licking the pink meat that was inside her clam, savoring its taste and moist texture.

"Mmm~!"

Mei Ying tightly held onto the bedsheets as she experienced heaven from Su Yang’s skillful mouth techniques that were just as good as his hand techniques, and her body would uncontrollably squirm around as her body grew more sensitive.

Su Yang continued to devour her body for many minutes until Mei Ying could no longer endure it.

After resting for a bit, Mei Ying said to him, "Please allow me to please you now."

Su Yang nodded and removed his clothes before lying on the bed with his stiff rod pointing at the ceiling.

Mei Ying covered her mouth in shock when she saw his sword. Despite working as an escort for many years with countless clients, she has never seen such a perfect and domineering rod before.

A single glance made Mei Ying nervous, but she was also intrigued and excited.

Mei Ying then laid beside Su Yang and started licking his hard rod.

She began with the shaft before moving to the jewels underneath, skillfully using her tongue and lips to please him.

Once his rod was fully soaked in her saliva, Mei Ying opened her mouth and swallowed the entire rod to the best of her abilities.

Of course, her mouth wasn’t large enough to fit his entire rod, so she went deeper and made use of her throat.

It started slowly at first, but once she was comfortable with using her throat, Mei Ying would speed things up, giving him a loud and somewhat messy fellatio.

A few minutes later, Su Yang released his Yang Qi inside her mouth after warning her, which went directly inside her throat and into her stomach.

Once it stopped coming, Mei Ying removed her mouth from his rod and panted heavily, as it wasn’t easy trying to breathe with such a large object in her mouth and throat.

Mei Ying could also feel a warm sensation in her belly after swallowing so much of his Yang Qi, almost like there was a fire inside her stomach, but it wasn’t painful, and it was actually quite the pleasant feeling.

"Are you okay?" Su Yang asked her afterward.

"Yes. You know, I have actually never swallowed before despite getting asked frequently? You’re my first in that aspect," she said.

"It’s an honor," he chuckled.

Mei Ying shook her head and said, "No, I should be the one feeling honored."

She then got on top of his body and started rubbing her clit on his rod, soaking it even more with her Yin Qi.

Once she was prepared, Mei Ying inserted his rod into her cave, but since it was her first time accepting something so big inside her body, it was incredibly painful, and it felt like she was dual cultivating for the first time.

"I-I am bleeding...?" Mei Ying was surprised when she realized that she was bleeding from her lower cave. Even though her cave was being spread to its limits, it shouldn’t be bleeding.

Su Yang looked at the blood coming from her cave and said, "The pill that recovered your body must have also restored your hymen, so you’re experiencing your ’first time’ again. I noticed it when I was tasting it before."

"H-Huh? My hymen was restored? Can that even happen?" Mei Ying was shocked to learn this information.

Su Yang nodded and said, "Yes. In fact, there are even special cultivation techniques out there that can return a mature woman’s body back to its pure state and technically make them a maiden again."

"Unbelievable..." Mei Ying mumbled in a low voice.

Once she snapped out of her daze, Mei Ying continued to push Su Yang’s meatstick deeper inside her cave until it poked the end of her cave.

She then started moving her hips, riding his rod like riding a horse.

Su Yang watched as Mei Ying moved her figure in an erotic and graceful manner.

Many minutes later, they switched positions with Mei Ying being the one lying down and Su Yang the one doing the moving.

When Mei Ying felt Su Yang’s rod twitching and growing hotter, she knew that he was close to releasing it.

"You can release it inside me," she said.

"Are you sure? I might get you pregnant again if I release it inside," Su Yang said in a teasing voice.

Mei Ying’s eyes widened when he said that, but after a moment of pondering, she said with a bashful smile, "I wouldn’t mind it if it’s your baby..."

"Even though I will have to leave soon?" Su Yang asked.

She nodded with a resolute expression, "If I really get pregnant with your baby, I will take care of it even if you decide to leave us."

Su Yang chuckled and said, "Don’t worry, you won’t get pregnant. I know how to control my Yang Qi, so unless I want to impregnate someone, it won’t happen by accident."

Mei Ying was somewhat relieved by his words, but she also felt slightly disappointed to know that she wouldn’t be able to conceive his child, as she was prepared to raise his child if she really got impregnated by him.