Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 974 The Effects of Feng Tianwei“s Promotion

"Here it comes!" Su Yang warned Mei Ying before releasing a stream of hot Yang Qi inside her cave, filling it up immediately.

Mei Ying could feel her stomach bloating from the creampie that made her feel as though she was pregnant again.

"Haaa... haaa... haaa..." Mei Ying panted heavily afterward.

However, Su Yang wasn’t finished, and he continued to plow her cave with his rod for many hours until Mei Ying fell asleep from exhaustion.

Of course, since Mei Ying was a mortal, she wouldn’t be able to absorb his Yang Qi, so Su Yang purposefully released Yang Qi that didn’t contain any spiritual energy within them so he wouldn’t hurt her.

And because Mei Ying is a mortal, he wouldn’t benefit from absorbing his Yin Qi either.

In other words, their session was just casual sex between a mortal and a cultivator, so it really couldn’t be considered real dual cultivation.

After their session ended, Su Yang covered Mei Ying’s body with a blanket and proceeded to cultivate in silence until the following morning.

"Mmm... Mother...? Where did you go?"

Mei Xing became a little nervous when she woke up without Mei Ying by her side, as she was used to seeing her mother when she woke up, so not seeing Mei Ying made her nervous.

"Mother! Are you here?" Mei Xing went to check the bathroom, but Mei Ying was nowhere to be found.

"Calm down. She’s sleeping in my room." Su Yang suddenly came out of his room and said to her.

Mei Xing released a sigh of relief after hearing his words, but then she wondered why her mother suddenly decided to sleep in Su Yang’s room.

Seeing Mei Xing’s curious look, Su Yang said with a smile on his face, "I was giving her a massage, and since she didn’t want to disturb your sleep, she came to my room, where she fell asleep."

"I see..." Mei Xing nodded.

"I am going to wash my face now! Oh! And good morning, Manager!"

"Good morning."

Once Mei Xing went to wash her face, Su Yang turned to look at Mei Ying, who was sitting on his bed and covering her naked body with the blanket and smiled.

"Thank you... I wouldn’t know how to explain it to her, nor do I want her to know about it since it might make things awkward for us." Mei Ying said to her.

"Don’t worry, I won’t tell her anything. However, she’s a smart girl. I’m sure she’ll find out about it eventually if we continue doing this... unless you don’t want to do it anymore?" Su Yang said with a slight chuckle.

"I-I want to do it again..." Mei Ying quickly responded with a somewhat red face.

Sometime later, by the time Mei Xing returned from washing her face, Mei Ying was fully dressed and waiting in the living room.

"Good morning, mother." Mei Xing said to her.

"Good morning."

Mei Ying also went to wash her face shortly after.

Once she returned, Su Yang said to Mei Xing, "Are you ready to work?"

"Yes!" She nodded with enthusiasm.

"Then I will see you later." Su Yang said to Mei Ying with a mysterious smile on his face.

"Yes, I will see you two later."

Mei Xing and Su Yang left the hotel shortly after and walked to the massage parlor together.

However, to their surprise, there was already a massive line waiting outside their building.

"W-What is going on? Why are there suddenly so many people?" Mei Xing was startled by the line that was so long she couldn’t even see the end.

Although she was used to seeing people wait outside the store before it opened for business, this is her first time seeing so many people, and they all looked more wealthy and important than their previous customers.

"This must be due to her advertisements." Su Yang quickly understood the situation.

"Who?" Mei Xing asked.

"The woman you mistook for a burglar yesterday," he said.

"T-That woman? She was famous?"

"I don’t know, but she owns a business in the Red Light District."

"The Red Light District?!" Mei Xing was shocked to hear this, and she said, "Only the most influential and successful individuals within the City of Pleasure are allowed to have a business in the Red Light District! I can’t believe that I mistook someone like that for a burglar!"

Mei Xing was terrified after realizing this fact, as she knew very well that offending someone in the Red Light District was the worst thing one can do within the City of Pleasure.

If Su Yang hadn’t arrived in time to clear the misunderstanding, she would’ve called the authorities on her! However, would the authorities that work for the City of Pleasure arrest someone from the Red Light District? She would end up getting arrested herself for trying to do so!

"Thank you, Manager, for saving my life!" Mei Xing quickly bowed to him.

"What are you talking about?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows.

"If you didn’t stop me yesterday, I would’ve offended that woman, which would be catastrophic for me and even my mother!" She said. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"I see..." Su Yang chuckled.

"Anyways, let’s open up the store."

As Su Yang and Mei Xing approached the building, the people standing in line stopped their chattering and turned to stare at them.

"Is that the man that made Madam Feng climax with his fingers alone? I cannot wait to experience it for myself!"

"Madam Feng told me that she’d never felt such satisfaction before until she met him!"

"He looks pretty ordinary outside, but the monster inside his pants is anything but ordinary according to Madam Feng..."

"If even someone like Madam Feng called it a ’monster’, it must truly be extraordinary..."

"However, with so many people here, it’ll definitely take a while before we can experience it... even with the priority system."

"I don’t care even if I have to wait an entire year! I will experience it!"

A few minutes later, once they were ready, Su Yang opened up the business, and Mei Xing would greet the customers with a nervous smile, as she felt a little pressured by the customers’ overwhelming aura, feeling like she was suddenly tossed into the center of a building filled with nothing but rich and powerful people as a commoner.