Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 978: Vandalized(2)

"Hehe… Serves him right…"

Su Yang could hear the other business owners laughing to themselves, but they didn't give him the impression that they were the culprit.

"Excuse me, fellow Daoists, do you have any idea what happened here?" Su Yang decided to act like a good neighbor and asked them in a calm voice.

"Huh? We didn't see anything."

They quickly shook their heads.

Obviously, they were lying. After all, the City of Pleasure never sleeps, so there was simply no way that someone could've made such a mess and got away with it without any witnesses.

It was obvious to Su Yang that these people knew who did it, but they weren't going to tell him because they didn't like his business that grew too large too quickly, invoking their jealousy.

Of course, Su Yang didn't care if they told him or not.

"What should we do now? We cannot open the business in this condition." Mei Ying said to him.

"Don't worry, I can clean up most of it."

Su Yang then waved his sleeves, summoning his alchemy flames and using them to burn away all of the trash without damaging the property.

This greatly surprised everyone there, as this was Su Yang's first display of alchemy skills.

"You're an Alchemy Master as well?" Mei Ying looked at him with awe in her eyes.

"Well, I did study some alchemy as a hobby," he said with a smile.

"Why didn't you become an Alchemy Master instead?" Mei Ying couldn't help but ask him.

"I like this job better," he chuckled in a mischievous manner.

It took a couple of minutes, but Su Yang eventually cleaned out all of the trash using his alchemy flames.

However, the foul smell still lingered, and the walls and door were still damaged.

Although there was nothing he could do about the damaged walls for now, he had a method to deal with the smell.

"Follow me inside." Su Yang said to Mei Ying, who followed him inside.

Mei Ying immediately started choking from the intensive smell that was much worse inside due to the enclosed space.

Once they were inside, Su Yang retrieved some ingredients and concocted a pill on the spot.

Mei Ying could suddenly smell a sweet fragrance within the air, causing her to look at the pill in Su Yang's hands.

"Manager, what's that?"

"An aroma bomb of sorts," he responded in a calm manner before crushing the pill and scattering the pill all over the place like he was scattering one's ashes.

He then waved his sleeves, creating a small gust of wind that quickly swept through the building and outside, immediately removing the foul smell.

"Wow, it smells so good. I have never smelt anything this pleasant before." Mei Ying, who was just choking from the foul smell, began taking deep breathes with a relaxed look on her face.

The sweet fragrance didn't just stop inside the building and quickly spread outside to the streets, causing the pedestrians to raise their eyebrows as they wondered what was creating this wonderful smell.

"What about the building?" Mei Ying asked him a moment later.

Although the trash and foul smell were gone, their building was still damaged.

Su Yang shrugged and said, "As long as this building doesn't collapse, we can still accept customers."

"I understand."...

Mei Ying sat behind the reception desk once they opened the business, but since there was no longer a door for their building, Mei Ying could watch people passing by their store while glancing at the inside with interest and curiosity.

"What happened here?" One of their customers asked as she waited for the current customer to be finished.

"Well… We got vandalized by somebody," Mei Ying sighed.

"Why would someone do such a thing…? Even if they aren't happy with the changes, to stoop so low…"

"We don't know who did it. It could've been a customer, or it could've been someone else entirely. We also don't know their motives."

"Is that so…"

The customer then said, "Why don't you try asking the city for help? They can investigate for you."

"I will let the Manager know. Thank you." Mei Ying said to her.

The day continued with every other customer that entered their building asking the same questions.

By the end of the day, Mei Ying had lost track of the number of times she had to tell her customers about the vandalization.

"Good work today," Su Yang said to her after he finished satisfying his last customer for the day.

"You too." Mei Ying nodded.

"How about a massage?" He then asked her.

Of course, Mei Ying didn't refuse and followed him to the massage room.

An hour later, they returned to the hotel.

"Welcome back, Mother, Manager." Mei Xing said to them, completely unaware of the incident today.

"Mei Xing, there's something you should know…" Mei Ying approached her with a solemn expression.

"Did something happen?" Mei Xing could tell that something unfortunate had happened based on the atmosphere.

Mei Ying nodded and proceeded to explain to her about the vandalized store.

"What! How could someone be so shameless! Manager, you should definitely report this to the city and have it investigated!"

However, Su Yang shook his head and said, "I won't find the culprit if I start an investigation."

"Then what are you going to do?"

"Nothing," he said with a calm smile on his face.

"Eh? How could you do nothing? How will that help?" Mei Xing raised her eyebrows in a puzzled manner.

"Just wait and watch. The culprit will definitely try to vandalize the building again when they see that we had ignored their hard work."

"And when they try to vandalize the store again, you'll be there to catch them, right?!" Mei Xing added.

Su Yang nodded.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"But Manager, how are you going to capture them if you're here?" Mei Xing then asked a logical question.

"I have already set up a trap. I don't need to do anything myself," he shrugged.

"I see… I cannot wait to see the culprit captured!" Mei Xing nodded.