Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 979: Ignoring Their Efforts

The following morning, Su Yang and Mei Xing prepared for work.

"Manager, are you sure you don't want me to be there today just in case something happens?" Mei Ying asked him.

"It'll be fine." Su Yang nodded.

Sometime later, they arrived at the massage parlor.

"Wow, the damage is worst than I'd expected." Mei Xing said as she looked at the damaged walls and broken door.

"Trust me, it was much worse yesterday with the trash and foul smell." Su Yang chuckled.

"How can you laugh at your own business getting destroyed, Manager? I would be very angry and upset if I were you," Mei Xing sighed, unable to comprehend his thoughts.

"Also, it looks like they didn't return to trash the place again, which is a relief."

"I'm sure they'll return. In fact, I really hope they do," Su Yang said in a calm voice.

They entered the building shortly after.

"Since the door is broken, robbers can easily enter this place and steal everything, right? Do you have a solution for that, Manager?" Mei Xing asked him as she stood on the chair behind the reception desk.

"Robbers? They can rob this place all they want. There's nothing of value here— if there's even anything at all."

Mei Xing looked around and sure enough, there wasn't anything for the robbers to take.

There was no furniture besides the chair behind the reception desk, and the money and everything else in the drawers are taken before they leave.

The massage room was even more empty, as Su Yang carries everything inside his storage ring.

Unless the robbers needed a desk or a chair, there was no point robbing this place.

"Also, you will probably be asked about the incident for the entire day. You can just tell them that we'd been vandalized." Su Yang said to her before entering the massage room.

Their first customer entered the store a few minutes later, and just as Su Yang had said, the customer asked Mei Xing about the condition of the store.

"Yes, we'd been vandalized by some very bad people." Mei Xing said.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

And she continued, "But you don't have to worry, because we will find the culprits and make them pay for their actions!"

"I hope you catch the culprits as well."

The day quickly passed.

"Ahhhh… I am so tired— more tired than usual." Mei Xing slumped on the chair in an exhausted manner.

She didn't think it would cost so much energy to answer the same question repeatedly; it was an experience she will never forget.

"I really hope this doesn't continue for too long," she sighed.

The two of them returned to the hotel shortly after.

The following day, it was Mei Ying's turn to work with Su Yang....

"Still nothing, huh?" Su Yang mumbled when he noticed no changes to the place.

"You sound like you actually want the place to be vandalized again…" Mei Ying looked at him with a bittersweet smile on her face.

"Of course. How else am I going to catch the culprits?"

"If you catch the culprits, what are you going to do to them?" Mei Ying asked out of curiosity.

"I will kill all of them, obviously," he responded in a cold voice, taking her by surprise.

Seeing Mei Ying's startled expression, Su Yang burst out laughing and said, "I am obviously joking."

"I am a scholar— at least I consider myself as a scholar somewhat. Scholars don't kill people… At least I don't think they do."

"Even if you kill them… it's a common thing within the cultivation world, right?" Mei Ying suddenly asked.

"Yes, that's right. Some people will kill another because they were looked at funny; it's a cold-hearted world where only the strong survives."

"And where weak people must rely on the strong to survive… just like me..."

Su Yang looked at her for a moment before speaking, "Everyone starts out as weak. It's what you do that truly defines your value as an individual. There are some incredibly weak yet influential and powerful people out there. After all, strength isn't the only power in existence."

Sometime later, they entered the building and began another day of work.

At the end of the day, they returned to the hotel without any incidents.

They continued this for a couple more days.

Meanwhile, somewhere within the City of Pleasure, a group of individuals sat before a round table while drinking booze as they chatted.

"It's been a week, but that massage parlor has been operating normally, almost like they aren't even going to acknowledge our efforts." One of these individuals said.

"Bastards! Even though we went through so much effort into trashing that place! I heard he'd managed to clean it up within minutes!"

"We should go back there and trash it again! This time, we should destroy the place so thoroughly that there won't even be a place for them to work at!"

"I agree! Let's burn that trash to the ground!"

Thus, this group of individuals waited until it was way past midnight to approach the Heavenly Massage just like last time, but they weren't there to trash the place today. No, they were going to destroy it— burn the entire building down so that Su Yang could not pretend like everything was okay.

The business owners noticed the group of individuals and could immediately recognize them as the culprits from last time, and they wondered if they were going to trash the Heavenly Massage again.

Of course, they all hoped for this to happen, so they didn't even bother to intervene and watched as this group of individuals began pouring some sort of liquid substance around the Heavenly Massage that was highly flammable.

When the others saw this, they realized that they were not going to trash the place but destroy it entirely!

Despite that, nobody on the street bothered them, much less intervene.

Meanwhile, inside a certain hotel, Su Yang, who had been cultivating silently suddenly opened his eyes, and a cold smile appeared on his face.

"At last, you've finally decided to show up…"