Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 980: Why He Failed to Become a Scholar

After spending a few minutes pouring their flammable liquid all around the massage parlor owned by Su Yang, the group of individuals stepped back and prepared to burn the entire building down.

Meanwhile, the witnesses could only gather outside and watch them in silence. As for the shop owners on that street, they were ecstatic and couldn't wait to see the fire.

"Let's get rid of this place and get out of here!" One of the thugs said.

"Right!" Another person took out a match and prepared to light it up.

However, right as he lit the match up, he suddenly felt a dreadful presence appear behind him, causing him to subconsciously turn around with a sweaty forehead.

"Eh?" The thug raised his eyebrows when he couldn't see anybody standing behind him except the spectators in the distance.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

'Am I imagining things?' He wondered inwardly.

"L-Look over there! It's Xiao Yang!"

Someone there suddenly shouted out loud, causing everyone there to turn to look, and to their surprise, an ordinary young man wearing plain white robes could be seen approaching their location with a calm look on his face.

In fact, even his steps were oddly relaxed and steady, which greatly puzzled the spectators.

Who could possibly remain so calm when they are about to witness their own business go down in flames? He was acting like the business that was about to be burned wasn't even his! What kind of store owner was he?!

"S-Stay right there if you don't want me to burn down your building!" The thug holding the lit match quickly spoke to him in a commanding voice, even showing him the match that had a small flame burning on its tip.

Su Yang stopped a few meters away from them and spoke in a calm voice, "I don't recognize any of you. Why are you doing this?"

"We are doing this obviously because you had offended someone!" One of them laughed.

Su Yang raised his eyebrows and said, "Why don't you tell me the one who told you to do this so that I could fix my mistake? We could even negotiate."

Su Yang knew that these thugs had been hired to vandalize his store even without needing to ask them.

The thugs were definitely surprised that Su Yang knew that they'd been hired, and they wondered how he got this knowledge.

'Or maybe he's just guessing it?'

"Hmph! Who said we were hired?" One of them then said.

"Oh? Then you're doing this on your own accord? Tell me, what did I do to offend you? "

"I refuse," one of them quickly responded.

"Is that so… Then allow me to guess…"

Su Yang made a pondering face before speaking, "Are you guys jealous that I am only serving females and not males? Unfortunately, there is nothing I can do about it. If you're not satisfied with the results, you can go ahead and burn down the building."

"F-Fuck you! Who would be envious?!"

"Who said that we wanted a damn massage from you?! I'd rather die than let you touch me!"

The thugs refuted his claims that they were vandalizing his business out of spite and envy....

"I guess we share the same sentiment— because I'd rather die than massage a man's body." Su Yang spoke, even shuddering as he said the line.

Then he continued in a cold voice, "Since you won't tell me why you're destroying my store, there are no longer any reasons to keep you all alive."

"Wha—"

The thugs were dumbfounded by his words, but before they could even respond, Su Yang retrieved an ordinary sword out of thin air and swung it, killing one of the thugs before they realized.

As for who he decided to kill first; it was the thug holding the match, and he'd even extinguished the flame on the match alongside the man's life.

The other thugs didn't even realize what had just occurred until their companion's head fell onto the ground, making a weird noise.

"Y-You bastard!"

The other four immediately retrieved their weapons once they realized what had happened, but that didn't matter, as Su Yang easily killed another one with a casual swing of his sword.

All of the thugs were cultivators, but they were only at the early levels of the Sovereign Spirit Realm.

They were simply no match for Su Yang even if he didn't use all of his strength.

And before they were aware, Su Yang had cut down their number by more than half.

However, Su Yang stopped killing them once there were only two left, and he looked at them with a calm look on his face, "The first one to tell me about your client gets to live."

"B-Bullshit! You'll just kill us afterward!" One of them said.

Su Yang shook his head and said, "I am a scholar. I wouldn't do such a dishonorable thing as going back on my own words."

Hearing his words, one of them quickly said," I-I will tell you! I will tell you everything! Please, just spare me!"

The other thug turned to look at his companion of many years with a look of disbelief on his face.

"H-How dare you betray—"

However, before the thug could even finish his sentence, Su Yang casually flicked his wrist, killing the thug in an instant.

The crowd was shocked by Su Yang's brutal execution in public.

Although the thugs were wrong for their actions, did he really have to execute them in such a manner? And right outside his own business building, no less?

They are beginning to understand why he failed to become a scholar. Perhaps the reason he failed was not because of his lack of knowledge, but his unbefitting character.

The people there feel like they were understanding Su Yang more after witnessing his actions today, and they no longer dared to underestimate him!

After killing the thug, Su Yang stored the sword back into his storage ring before turning to look at the last thug alive.

"If you don't start talking, I will reconsider keeping you alive," he said.

"R-Right away!" The thug quickly said.