Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 981: The True Culprit

The last thug to remain alive kowtowed before Su Yang as he spoke about his client, "The person who hired us to vandalize your business is a man named Qian Fuju— he's the owner of a brothel in the Yellow Light District. He came to us out of the blue one day and offered us a thousand middle-grade spirit stones to vandalize your store. That's all I know about him, I swear!"

"Qian Fuju? Yellow Light District? How did I end up offending this person? I don't even know where the Yellow Light District is located, nor have I ever stepped foot inside that place. Are you sure you're telling me the truth?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows, as he wasn't familiar with this name even in the slightest.

"I have no idea. We were only hired to vandalize your store. He didn't tell us anything more than his name." The thug responded in a desperate voice.

Su Yang narrowed his eyes at the thug, and he could tell that the thug wasn't lying.

"I have told you everything I know! You'll let me go now, right?!" The thug said to him.

Su Yang remained silent.

The thug shuddered at his cold stare, and he continued, "Y-Y-You promised that you will spare me if I tell you about our client! Or are you going to go back on your own words before so many witnesses after everything you've said?! Nobody will ever believe you again if you kill me!"

Hearing his words, Su Yang smiled and said, "Calm down, will you? I haven't even said anything and you're already making your own conclusions."

"I will let you go for now, but that doesn't mean you're free to go just yet."

"W-What do you mean by that?" The thug said with a frown.

"I promised to let you live if you told me about your client. While it's true that you did tell me about this Qian Fuju, how do I know that you're actually telling the truth? For all I know, you could have given me some random name."

"I-I swear it's real! His name is truly Qian Fuju! We investigated him after we received this job to make sure he wasn't trying to do us dirty! He's a pretty famous individual within the Yellow Light District who works at the Grand Mountain Brothel!"

"Whether it's true or not… I will figure it out myself when I visit him later." Su Yang said.

"You can leave for now. If I find out that you'd lied to me, I will find you and make you regret lying to me— even if you decide to run away from the City of Pleasure."

"I-I understand!"

The thug quickly stood up and ran away with a dark spot between his legs.

Su Yang then turned around and walked away.

However, before he could go very far, someone there asked him, "W-What about your business? It's still soaked in flammable liquid."

Su Yang glanced at the person and said, "If it burns down, I can simply move to another building. You can destroy my building, but you will not be able to destroy my business."

The business owners there were stumped by his profound words, and they even repeated it to themselves in a mumbling voice.

"You can destroy my building but you won't destroy my business? What a good sentence!"

Sometime later, Su Yang returned to the hotel, and to his surprise, both Mei Xing and Mei Ying were awake....

"Manager… Is everything okay?" Mei Ying asked him.

"Yes, everything is fine. I just had to get rid of a few annoying bugs snooping around the store."

"So the culprits who vandalized the store has returned! What happened to them?" Mei Xing asked him.

After a moment of silence, he said, "They tried to burn down the entire store, so I killed most of them."

Su Yang expected Mei Xing to express shock and disgust, but to his surprise, she said, "Good! They deserve it!"FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Are you okay? Did you get hurt?" Mei Ying asked him in a worried voice.

"No, I am fine."

He then asked, "They also told me that someone had hired them to vandalize the store, but I don't recognize this name. Do you know of someone named Qian Fuju?"

Mei Ying's eyes widened with shock when she heard this name, and her body even subconsciously began trembling with fear.

Su Yang immediately realized her abnormal reaction to this name and said, "You know this person?"

Although she was hesitant at first, Mei Ying nodded slowly, her eyes flickering with despair.

Su Yang didn't ask her anything else, as he could already guess that they had some sort of history— an uncomfortable one at that.

However, after a moment of silence, Mei Ying spoke in a low voice, "I-I think it would be for the best if I stop associating myself with you, Manager. Please don't misunderstand my intentions. There is nothing wrong with you, but if I stay with you, I will only bring you more trouble."

"But before I leave, can you do me one last favor? Can you take Mei Xing from my hands?"

"W-What are you talking about, mother?! You can't leave us!" Mei Xing was shocked by her mother's words.

Su Yang silently stared at Mei Ying for a moment before speaking, "So the reason I am being targetted by this Qian Fuju is because of you, huh? At least the situation makes more sense now."

"Tell me more about it. If you don't want to tell me, I can go ask Qian Fuju instead."

"!!!"

Mei Ying's eyes widened when she heard his words, and she quickly responded, "You cannot! Qian Fuju is a dangerous man! If you offend him anymore, he'll do more than destroy your business! He'll kill you!"

"Kill me?" Su Yang couldn't help but chuckle at her words, and he continued in a calm voice, "Even the Heavenly Emperor cannot kill me. What can a nobody in the City of Pleasure do to me?"