Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 982: Qian Fuju

Under Su Yang's intensive and confident gaze, Mei Ying eventually gave up and said, "Alright, I will tell you about Qian Fuju."

She then turned to look at Mei Xing and continued, "Please give us some privacy. I don't want you to hear this."

"I understand." Mei Xing didn't complain and went straight into another room.

Once they were alone, Mei Ying took a deep breath before looking at Su Yang and speaking in a shaky voice, "Qian Fuju… He used to be one of my most frequent clients. He would come to visit me at least every day— sometimes even many times throughout one day at first. I don't want to sound arrogant saying that he was obsessed with me, but..."

"He was a little rough at first, but it wasn't anything new. However, he eventually started hitting me, and it would worsen as time went on."𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"I tried to do something about it, but alas, he was a business owner within the Yellow Light District while I was only a lowly escort in the Pink Light District. Even if he killed me, nobody would help me or do anything to him."

"Even worst, he threatened to take Mei Xing away from me if I resisted against him, so I could only let him abuse me. Fortunately, he would stop coming over as often, so I only had to deal with him once a week, sometimes even a month. This lasted for many years until you freed me from that place, but by the looks of it… It appears that he wants me back..."

"I see… So he's the reason you acquired those wounds…" Su Yang mumbled in a low but calm voice.

However, deep within his heart burned a small but vicious flame. As someone who treated every single one of his partners as though they were his treasures, he despite those who treat them badly, especially those who stoop so low to hit their partners.

"I understand. You don't have to say anymore." Su Yang said to her, who was clearly trying her best to not shed any tears as she recalled her unpleasant memories with Qian Fuju.

"Go get some rest." Su Yang said a moment later.

"You won't do anything unreasonable while I sleep, right?" Mei Ying asked him in a worried voice.

"Haha… What do you think I am going to do? Waltz straight to the Yellow Light District and kill Qian Fuju? You're thinking too much. How about this? I will sleep together with you on the same bed tonight so you can tell if I slip out of the bed later?" Su Yang suggested.

Although he would've definitely done just that— kill Qian Fuju, he was not there as 'Su Yang', so he can not do something so daring without repercussions.

"Sleep on the same bed…?" Mei Ying was taken by surprise by his suggestion, but she didn't refuse.

"Okay."

Sometime later, Mei Xing returned to the room, and they all slept in the same bed.

'Wow… I am sharing the same bed with the Manager and mother… He feels even more like a father now!' Mei Xing thought to herself as she held a huge smile on her face for the rest of the night even when she was asleep.

The following morning, Su Yang and Mei Xing left the hotel and walked to the massage parlor side to side.

"What is this smell? It smells so weird, and my nose feels like it's being pricked by tiny needles every time I take a breath." Mei Xing immediately pinched her nose when she smelled this awful smell.

However, the smell wasn't foul— it was just unpleasant and very intense.

"It's a flammable liquid. I didn't bother to clean it up yesterday." Su Yang said as he summoned his alchemy flames, shocking Mei Xing.

"If it's flammable, why are you using that?!" She exclaimed with a terrified look on her face.

Su Yang chuckled and said, "Don't worry."

He then tossed his alchemy flames at his own building, immediately engulfing the entire building with fierce flame....

This shocked not only Mei Xing but the people around him, and they all wondered why he was trying to burn down his own building after what happened yesterday.

Whoosh!

The alchemy flames disappeared shortly after, and to everyone's surprise, the building remained completely unharmed.

"T-The smell is gone!" Mei Xing grew even more surprised when she realized this fact.

"Let's go inside." Su Yang spoke calmly as he approached the door.

"O-Okay!" Mei Xing quickly followed him from behind.

Once they were inside the building, business began as usual.

Their clients would ask Su Yang if everything was okay, as they'd heard about what happened yesterday from others.

"News sure travels fast in the City of Pleasure. I am fine, thank you for the concern." Su Yang chuckled.

"Good, because I'd be devastated if your business is suddenly gone." The woman said as she removed her clothes and laid on the bed.

Time passed quickly, and before they were aware, it was already the end of the day.

"Let's go home." Su Yang said to Mei Xing.

"Okay!"

They left the building shortly after.

However, they were forced to stop the second they stepped outside the building, as a group of individuals suddenly surrounded the building and blocked their path.

"Manager…"

Mei Xing immediately walked behind Su Yang for cover.

"How may I help you, gentlemen?" Su Yang asked them with a calm expression on his face.

The group of people didn't respond to his question.

A moment later, the people in the center moved out of the way to allow a handsome young man to enter the surrounded area.

The handsome young man stopped walking a few meters in front of Su Yang, and he proceeded to stare at them with a look of arrogance in his gaze.

"You're the one who stole my woman from me? I expected something more pleasant to look at, but alas, you turned out to be some toad." The handsome young man spoke in a calm voice, yet his tone was filled with disgust.

Su Yang could immediately recognize this man's identity even though this is his first time seeing this person.

"Qian Fuju, huh? You just saved me time looking for you." Su Yang said with a calm smile on his face.