Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 983: Red-Robed Madam

"Looking for me? You? Ahahaha!" Qian Fuju began laughing after hearing Su Yang's words.

"Well, here I am. What are you going to do to me now that you've found me? Kill me like you killed those thugs?"

Su Yang chuckled and said, "I would love to if you willingly stick your neck out for me, but even then, I am a scholar. I don't hurt people unless I am given a reason to."

"Hmph! How dare a mere massage boy speak to the Young Master in such a tone?! Are you looking to die right now?!" One of the people there exclaimed in an arrogant voice.

"Calm down. Why are you lowering yourself for a mere 'massage boy'?"

To everyone's surprise, Qian Fuju was the one who stopped his follower.

Qian Fuju returned his focus on Su Yang, and he continued, "You must think you're some hotshot because your business is doing somewhat decent. You must be very proud of your skills as a masseur. However, you're a nobody who got lucky in the Pink Light District, one of the poorest areas in the City of Pleasure. In the Yellow Light District, people like you are a dime a dozen, much less the Red Light District."

"What are you trying to imply?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows in a puzzled manner.

"That your business can disappear and nobody would give a damn. You said that one could destroy your store but not your business, right? Let's put that to the test."

Qian Fuju then looked around and said to the spectators, "Starting right now, whoever dares to visit this massage parlor will have to deal with me, Qian Fuju of the Yellow Light District!"

The spectators exchanged glances with each other. They didn't think Qian Fuju would stoop to this level. However, it wasn't uncommon within the City of Pleasure. That's why everybody minds their own business and tries their best to not offend people from the more prominent districts, as they have the ability to do something like this without any consequences.

"Y-You can't do that! We'll tell the authorities on you!" Mei Xing used all of her courage to say this sentence to Qian Fuju.

"Authorities? Hahahaha! Do you even know who I am? I am the authority! Who will dare to do anything to me for messing with some nobody in the Pink Light District?" Qian Fuju burst out laughing.

Once he had enough, Qian Fuju said, "I have had enough. I don't want to stay in this dump any longer or the dirty air will affect my health. But before I go, allow me to repeat— whoever dares to visit this massage parlor starting today will have fun with me, Qian Fuju!"

He then turned around and began walking away, and his minions followed.

"He's done. There's no way anybody would dare to visit his business now without offending Qian Fuju."

"Is Qian Fuju that powerful? He's only in the Yellow Light District, right? Not to underestimate him or anything, but they're ranked 3rd of all districts in City of Pleasure with Red Light District being first and the Cyan Light District being second."

"It's not Qian Fuju himself that people are afraid of— it's his background. Do you know who his mother is? She's known as the Red-robed Madam within the Red Light District."

"What?! Red-robed Madam is Qian Fuju's mother?! That changes everything!"

Su Yang overheard the crowds' not-so-low voices.

'Red-robed Madam?' Su Yang raised his eyebrows upon hearing this nickname....

'She's still working here? And she even got a son?'

For the first time, Su Yang actually recognized a name within the City of Pleasure.

One would expect Su Yang to be at a loss now that he realizes Qian Fuju was the son of someone he knew— and she was even a woman. However, that was further from the truth.

In fact, ever since he heard her name that was related to Qian Fuju, his desire to kill Qian Fuju grew even further.

Thousands of years ago when Su Yang arrived at the City of Pleasure to do business, he met Red-robed Madam, who was a somewhat famous courtesan, and she would try to seduce him.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

However, he refused because he was there strictly for business, and he felt that he should avoid her for some reason, so he did.

And to his surprise, a few weeks after he left the City of Pleasure, Red-robed Madam tried to ruin his reputation by claiming that he had assaulted her and even beat her while he did so as revenge for not sleeping with her.

Fortunately for Su Yang, his reputation had already reached an unshakable level, so nobody really believed Red-robed Madam with some people even calling her out.

If it were not for the fact that he was busy with something else at that time, he would've returned to the City of Pleasure to kill Red-robed Madam for trying to smear his name, and by the time he was done with his business, he'd already forgotten about the incident since she was an insignificant ant back then.

"Let's go home." Su Yang said to Mei Xing.

"Okay…" She nodded.

However, when she tried to move, her legs turned into tofu, causing her to fall.

"Here." Su Yang squatted to let her climb on his back.

Mei Xing gladly accepted his carry and securely wrapped her arms around his neck.

They left the place shortly after, returning to the hotel, where they explained the situation to Mei Ying.

"To be honest with you, I'd expected worse from him…" Mei Ying released a deep sigh after listening to their story.

"But I am glad that he didn't harm either of you."

"What will happen to the store now, Manager?" Mei Xing asked him.

Su Yang pondered for a moment before speaking, "I will continue to manage it, but it might be a little too dangerous for you two, so I will manage the store alone for a while. Don't worry, I will still pay your salary even if you're not working. Consider it as a vacation of sorts."