Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 984: Thugs Guarding the Entrance

"Manager… I don't care about the salary… I just don't want to see you hurt, or even worse— dead…" Mei Xing said to him in a sighing voice.

Su Yang chuckled and said, "Don't worry, they can't hurt me even if they try."

The mother and daughter pair looked at each other in silence, silently wondering to themselves where he was getting his confidence from.

"Go rest. I know you're tired." Su Yang said to them before retiring inside his own room.

There was nothing Mei Ying or Mei Xing could do, so they went to sleep as advised.

The following morning, Mei Xing said to Su Yang right before he headed out, "Manager, are you sure you want to work alone? I don't mind even if it's dangerous. I won't be able to cultivate properly if I am constantly worrying about you."

Su Yang smiled at her words and said, "Have some confidence in me, won't you? When have I ever lied? If I say that I will be fine then I will be fine."

Although Mei Xing was still somewhat reluctant to leave him alone, she eventually gave up and accepted the situation.

After leaving the hotel, Su Yang made his way to the massage parlor, where two bulky men stood on beside the door to his building, seemingly guarding the place.

These two men were clearly Qian Fuju's lackeys, and they were obviously there to make sure that nobody will enter the building.

Despite seeing this, Su Yang approached the building with a calm look on his face.

The two men turned to look at him with disdain on their faces, but they didn't intervene even when Su Yang stood directly before them.

"You know, my business will suffer if I have to ugly men standing outside the building." Su Yang said to them.

The men glanced at him for a moment before ignoring him.

Su Yang shrugged and entered the building.

The pedestrians were shocked by Su Yang's boldness, and they wondered if his balls were made of steel.

How does one have the guts to do business in such a situation?

"I'm not going to lie… I didn't expect him to show up today…" One of the business owners there said to another.

"Right? If I were in his shoes, I'd have packed and left the city before sunrise."

"What does he think he can even achieve in this kind of situation? Unless he deals with Qian Fuju, nobody will dare enter his store."

"Maybe he has someone powerful backing him, hence his confidence. Did you already forget that Madam Feng from the Red Light District had advertised for him? She even personally visited his store before!"

"You're right! If it's Madam Feng, she might be able to do something about this situation!"

Meanwhile, Su Yang sat inside the massage room and proceeded to cultivate normally, not even bothering to think about the situation.

A few minutes later, one of Su Yang's unaware clients approached the massage parlor only to be stopped by the two bulky men outside.

"Halt! Qian Fuju has announced that whoever dares to enter this massage parlor will face his wrath!"...

"What? Why is Qian Fuju doing this?" The woman frowned.

"That isn't any of your concerns! Just know that the moment you enter this massage parlor is the moment you make Qian Fuju your enemy!"

The woman's frown grew deeper.

Although it'd be a great loss for her to miss this chance to experience Su Yang's renowned massage techniques, and she even waited very long for this chance, she didn't want to offend Qian Fuju, who was notorious for being a vicious person that will do anything to get rid of his enemies.

If someone offends Qian Fuju, they will essentially have to stay away from the City of Pleasure until he leaves, or they will face endless troubles.

After pondering for a moment, the woman decided that it wasn't worth offending Qian Fuju for a mere massage, so she reluctantly left.

"Good choice!" The bulky men laughed out loud, clearly loving their job.

This scene would repeat many more times throughout the day.

However, not everyone was willing to lower their head for Qian Fuju, especially those who didn't even know Qian Fuju.

After all, even though Qian Fuju was famous within the City of Pleasure, it wasn't like everybody in the Four Divine Heavens knew him.

"Qian Fuju? I don't know him! Even if I do, I don't care! I waited so long for this massage, even delaying some of my plans for it, and I am not going to miss it!" The pretty woman stood before the bulky men with a brave look on her face.

"You bitch! Don't say we didn't warn you!"

"Hmph! What are you going to do? Hit me? You don't even know my identity, so how are you going to deal with me? Get out of my way!" The woman bravely marched inside the massage parlor, shocking the spectators.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The bulky men were slightly flushed after encountering this woman, but they didn't actually do anything to stop her.

After all, their job was only to warn people to not enter Su Yang's business. Even if Qian Fuju is very influential within the City of Pleasure, there were boundaries that even he cannot cross, and one of them is unreasonably assaulting people.

After entering the building, the woman knocked on the door to the massage room, "Manager, are you here?"

"Yes, I am. You can come inside." Su Yang's voice resounded the next moment.

The woman entered the room and asked him, "Are you okay, Manager Xiao?"

"Yes, I am fine."

"What happened? Why are there thugs standing outside your building and threatening people?"

"It's a long story." Su Yang said with a bittersweet smile on his face.

"Anyways, allow me to compensate you for this inconvenience."

The woman's eyes flickered with delight, and she quickly began removing her clothes.

A few moments later, they began cultivating, and because of the situation, Su Yang decided to cultivate with the woman until the next customer arrives or when the current customer could no longer continue, which was greatly welcomed by the customer.