Chapter 985: I Won’t Treat You Badly

About two hours into Su Yang's cultivation session with his client, a figure approached the massage parlor with confident and elegant steps.

The thugs standing by the door prepared to turn her away, but when they saw her face, their mouths immediately froze, and they didn't dare to speak any longer.

"What are you looking at? Are you going to threaten me if I go inside?" Feng Tianwei said to the thugs in a sneering voice.

"W-We don't dare." They quickly responded with stiff smiles on their faces.

Even with Qian Fuju backing them, neither of them dared to offend someone from the Red Light District.

"Hmph." Feng Tianwei coldly snorted before entering the massage parlor.

Seeing the closed door, she thought to herself, 'Does he actually have a client in this kind of situation?'

Feeling a little surprised, Feng Tianwei went back outside and asked the thugs, "Hey, did someone else go inside before me?"

"Y-Yes… She went inside two hours ago and hasn't come out."ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Is that so?" Feng Tianwei didn't say anything else and went back inside the building.

Of course, Su Yang was aware that he had a new visitor, so he ended the session shortly afterward, not that his client could last any longer, anyway.

A few minutes later, the door opened, and a beautiful woman with a completely flushed face staggered outside.

Feng Tianwei glanced at this woman, silently thinking to herself that Su Yang definitely treated her greatly.

Once the woman left the building, Feng Tianwei entered the massage room to find Su Yang tidying his clothes.

"I'm surprised that you still have customers," she said to him in a calm voice.

"And I am grateful to them for it," he responded in a similar calm voice.

"Anyways, why are you here? Do you want a massage, too? Since the schedule's all messed up, I can accept you now."

"You seem awfully calm despite your situation. What are you going to do now? Your business definitely won't survive at this rate, especially since Qian Fuju will only make it harder for customers to come to this place."

"I will somehow manage," he said.

After a moment of silence, Feng Tianwei said with a smile on her face, "You're definitely just acting tough and are actually fearful on the inside. If you become my personal servant, I will help you get out of this hole."

And she added, "Don't worry, I won't treat you badly."

Su Yang chuckled and said, "That doesn't sound too bad, but sorry, I don't need your help."

"Listen here, I am probably the only person in the City of Pleasure who can help you right now. Qian Fuju's mother is the Red-robed Madam, and she's just as crazy as her son. If you do anything to Qian Fuju, she will definitely come flying at you."

"However, I know Red-robed Madam quite well, and if I speak with her, she will definitely control her son so that he doesn't bother you."

Su Yang pondered for a moment before asking, "How influential is Red-robed Madam right now?"

"Huh?" Feng Tianwei didn't understand his question at first despite the seemingly simple question.

"Compared to you, how influential is she in the City of Pleasure right now?" Su Yang asked again.

"Well, she's definitely more influential than me, but not by too much. As for the whole City of Pleasure… She's probably top ten right now." Feng Tianwei said.

'Top ten, huh? She's definitely gained some more popularity since we last met…' Su Yang thought to himself....

A few thousand years ago, Red-robed Madam was only somewhat popular, probably around the top 100 within the City of Pleasure.

Of course, this also meant that it'll be much more difficult to deal with Red-robed Madam in his current state.

'Perhaps it's about time I become a little serious with this business.' Su Yang sighed.

"So you don't want my help?" Feng Tianwei narrowed her eyes at him.

"If it requires me to be your servant, then no, I don't," he calmly replied.

"Hmph! Then I wish you the best of luck because you will need it! And when it's too late, I cannot wait to see you on your knees begging me for help!"

After saying such words, Feng Tianwei turned around and walked outside.

Su Yang merely shook his head, and he proceeded to cultivate while he waited for more clients.

At the end of the day, Su Yang left the massage parlor, but he didn't go back to the hotel.

Instead, he went to the management hall where he opened the business.

He then looked around until he found the old man that helped him open the store and approached him.

"Hey." Su Yang called out to him.

"Hm? You are…" The old man quickly recognized his ordinary face.

"How may I help you, young man?"

"I'd like to change locations for my business." Su Yang said to him before taking out a couple of flawless-grade spirit stones and placing them on the table.

The first thing the old man did when he saw the spirit stone was grabbing them like a monkey stealing food before putting them in his pocket.

He then looked at Su Yang with a bright smile on his face, "Where would you like to move your business?"

"The Red Light District." Su Yang said without hesitation.

The old man didn't ask any questions and took out a map of the city.

He then looked around and said, "There are only a few available buildings in the Red Light District, but none of them are small like your preferences."

"That's fine. I will take whatever's available."

"Then here are the layouts for the available buildings. Once you find a suitable place, let me know and I will immediately transfer your business there." The old man said.

Su Yang nodded and began looking at the scrolls one by one.

He then asked, "Which of these have the most massage parlors around?"

"That would be this one." The old man pointed to one of the buildings.

"Then I will take this one," said Su Yang, taking the old man by surprise.

After all, it would make more sense if he took his business to where there are fewer massage parlors around, as that would mean less competition, so why did he pick the place with the most competition?