Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 986: Are You Going to Kill Us?

"Then how about this building? There are 4 other massage parlors nearby, and they are all quite popular within the Red Light District." The old man pointed to a certain building that had two floors and nine rooms.

"That's good enough. I will take this one." Su Yang nodded.

"Great. Then give me a few minutes to get your paperwork ready."

The old man proceeded to go in the back of the room for many minutes. Since this building was located within the Red Light District, it took more effort to get things ready.

About ten minutes later, the old man returned with the proper paperwork and handed them to Su Yang, alongside the keys to the building.

"If you need anything else, just let me know!" The old man said with a bright smile on his face.

"Well, I do have something to say."

"What is it?"

"The old building is a little destroyed due to some thugs if you don't mind." Su Yang told him about the damages done to the massage parlor.

"Oh? How bad are the damages?"

Su Yang then explained to him, "The walls are all scratched up, and the outside door is completely gone."

"Heavens… Who did it? I will have them responsible for the mess!" The old man said with a frown.

"Don't worry, I already took care of them."

"If you say so. As for the damages, as long as the building is still there, we can fix it up, so don't worry about it."

Normally, the store owner would have to pay for the damages done to their building, but with how much money Su Yang already gave him, the old man didn't dare to be too greedy, so he didn't hold Su Yang accountable.

Su Yang returned to the hotel shortly after and was immediately greeted by Mei Xing jumping at him.

"Manager! Where have you been this whole time?! I have been worried sick that something might have happened to you!" Mei Xing said to him in a nearly crying voice, as Su Yang had returned later than usual.

She was so worried that she nearly left the hotel to check up on him if it were not for Mei Ying, who stopped her from doing so.

"Sorry, but I had some business after work today, so I took a little detour," he said as he patted her small head to calm her.

Once she was calm, Su Yang looked at Mei Ying and said, "We're moving."

"Huh? What do you mean?" Mei Ying raised her eyebrows in a questioning manner.

"I changed locations for our store— to the Red Light District," he said with a smile on his face.

"What?!"RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Both Mei Ying and Mei Xing exclaimed in a shocked voice, but it was not because they changed location. It was their new location, the Red Light District.

"How did you manage to move to the Red Light District from the Pink Light District? That usually doesn't happen since only influential people are allowed to work in the Red Light District!" Mei Ying said.

"I guess you can say that I am a little influential… With my money." Su Yang chuckled.

The Mei couple was speechless upon hearing his words.

"You bribed them, Manager?" Mei Xing asked him with a surprised face.

"What? Of course not. I am a scholar. I wouldn't do such a thing. I merely paid him for his service. That's all." Su Yang said in a calm voice....

"What's going to happen to the old building?" Mei Ying then asked.

"Well, it's no longer our problem." Su Yang shrugged.

"What about this hotel? The Red Light District is at least 3 hours away from the Pink Light District…" Mei Ying then asked.

"We'll live in the new building since there are multiple rooms available," he said.

"Even though you spent so much money renting this place out?"

"It wasn't much. Don't worry about it."

Mei Ying and Mei Xing looked at each other in silence.

"Go get some rest. Things might grow a little hectic tomorrow," Su Yang suddenly said to them with a mysterious smile on his face.

"Hectic? What's going to happen tomorrow?" Mei Xing asked.

"You'll see."

Su Yang didn't say anything else and retired inside his room shortly after, leaving the two full of questions.

However, there wasn't anything they could do besides wait for tomorrow, so they went to sleep.

The following morning, Su Yang checked out of the hotel with Mei Ying and Mei Xing by his side.

"Are you sure, esteemed guest? You still have a year left in this place, and if you check out now, you won't receive your money back." The receptionist said to Su Yang.

"Yes, I am sure."

"If you don't mind me asking, did we do something wrong? If there's anything we can do to…"

"Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with the hotel. We're moving out because we'll be working in another location, and it's too far from this place."

"I see. That's a relief." The receptionist said, and she continued, "If you ever decide to come back and the room hasn't been occupied by another guest yet, you may use the room without paying extra."

"Okay. Thank you."

Su Yang handed the keys to the receptionist before leaving the hotel.

"Let's stop by the massage parlor for a bit." Su Yang said to them.

"A-Are you sure?" Mei Xing asked him in a nervous voice.

"I am sure. As long as I am there, nobody will hurt you."

Sometime later, they arrived at the massage parlor, and just as expected, there were two thugs standing outside and guarding the door.

Su Yang acted as though they weren't even there and walked up to the building before retrieving his sword.

The thugs were startled for a second when Su Yang suddenly took out his weapon.

"W-What do you think you're doing?! Are you going to kill us? Go ahead! The second you injure us, Qian Fuju will go after your head!" The thugs laughed after they snapped out of their daze.