Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 987: Relocating

"Go ahead! Kill us if you dare!"

The thugs willingly showed their necks for Su Yang, provoking him to kill them.

The pedestrians there watched with interest, wondering to themselves whether Su Yang will kill them or not.

"Manager…"

Both Mei Xing and Mei Ying looked at him with a worried expression.

Su Yang smiled and said, "Why would I waste my time killing you idiots?"

He then swung his sword so fast that nobody there could even see where the sword went, writing a few words onto the wall of the building.

The thugs sweated profusely after realizing that Su Yang had already swung his sword, as they didn't even see his movements.

They were told that Su Yang was a scholar, yet he was showing skills that resembled a swordmaster instead!

Everybody there looked at what Su Yang wrote on the wall—

'Relocating to the Red Light District'

"What?!"

Everyone there were shocked by the words 'Red Light District'.

"Impossible! How could he possibly move his business to the Red Light District?!" The store owners were in disbelief.

As far as they were aware, only extremely popular stores that have been in the City of Pleasure for many years could possibly own a store in the Red Light District.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

However, Su Yang had only been there for a few weeks! How did he manage to relocate to the Red Light District? Who did he bribe?!

Unbeknownst to these people, it had only cost Su Yang a couple of flawless-grade spirit stones to move to the Red Light District.

Of course, while 10 flawless-grade spirit stones may seem like a little, one must consider the average income in the City of Pleasure.

A single high-grade spirit stone was already worth a fortune, much less a flawless-grade spirit stone.

And if anyone had so much money to spend, they would already be working in the Red Light District, hence why it was incredibly rare for store owners to bribe their way into the Red Light District.

"Let's go." Su Yang said to Mei Ying and Mei Xing before turning around and walking towards the Red Light District.

Meanwhile, the others there watched their backs until they disappeared from the scene.

"W-We need to let the Young Master know about this!" The thugs snapped out of their daze and quickly left the place shortly after to relay the news.

"What? He moved to the Red Light District? Impossible! He's bluffing!" Qian Fuju, who was in the middle of cultivating with two women at once stopped whatever he was doing and turned to look at the closed door.

His followers had just told him the news from outside, which shocked him greatly.

There were two reasons why Qian Fuju was upset about this news....

One, Su Yang had managed to move to the Red Light District before him, who has been trying to move to the Red Light District for years now without any success.

Even though his mother is the highly successful Red-robed Madam in the Red Light District, his mother purposefully made it so that he wouldn't be able to move up the ranks easily using her fame, hence why he has been stuck in his district for so long.

The second reason why he was upset was simply because he wouldn't be able to mess with Su Yang's business since the Red Light District has much stricter rules than the others districts.

Even if his mother is the Red-robed Madam, he would suffer severe consequences if he causes trouble inside the Red Light District without any good reason. Moreover, his district was inferior to the Red Light District, so that made things even more difficult for him.

"Fuck! How did that bastard manage to enter the Red Light District?!"

Qian Fuju was no longer in the mood to cultivate, so he kicked the two women out of his room while they were still naked.

"Investigate this!" Qian Fuju then ordered his lackeys to see whether it was true or not.

Meanwhile, Su Yang and the others just entered the Red Light District.

"Wow… This place is so much cleaner… so much nicer than the Pink Light District…" Mei Xing was in a daze as they walked in the Red Light District, as it was her first time stepping inside this district.

In fact, it was a first for both the mother and the daughter.

"Manager, what about Qian Fuju? Even if we relocate, can't he just follow us and continues causing trouble? I think we should still report him." Mei Xing said to him.

Su Yang shook his head and said, "The Red Light District is different from the Pink Light District. There are actually rules in this place, so Qian Fuju will no longer be able to mess with us— at least so openly."

"He will definitely try to do something, but it won't be as obvious since he could get in trouble if he's caught."

"Really? That's great news!" Mei Ying said in a cheerful manner.

Su Yang nodded, and he said, "Let's stop by the storage before we check out our new building."

"The storage? What's that?" Mei Xing asked.

"It's a place in the Red Light District where you can store almost anything, and they will keep it safe for you until you decide to retrieve it," he said.

About an hour later, they arrived before a massive building that was also heavily guarded with powerful cultivators surrounding the building.

"There's a place like that in the City of Pleasure? I never knew that." Mei Ying said as she stared at the scene in awe.

Su Yang ignored the guards and walked straight inside the building without any problems.

Once they were inside, they walked to the receptionist, and Su Yang said to the woman working there, "I'd like to retrieve something."

"Most certainly. What are the storage number and the password for it?" The receptionist asked him in return.

She also handed him a piece of paper and something to write on it.

Su Yang began writing something on the paper before handing it back to her.

"Thank you. Please give me a few minutes to verify this information." The receptionist said to him before disappearing from the scene.