Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 989: Real or Fake

"It really is the Medallion of Pleasure! But where did this come from? It wasn't here yesterday!"

The pedestrians gathered outside Su Yang's building to take a closer look at the medallion hanging outside.

"How do we know if it's real? This is too sudden."

"Why don't you take a closer look at it?"

"You want me to touch it? What if it's real? Are you crazy?"

The people there weren't sure whether the medallion was real or not, but they were all too scared to touch it for some reason, acting like it was taboo.

Eventually, even the store owners in that area left their store to take a look at the medallion.

"Who owns this store now? It has been vacant for several years now." One of them asked.

"I think I saw a young couple and a child go inside not long ago."

"So they just arrived? And they already have a Medallion of Pleasure? How is that possible?"

"What kind of business are they operating? I don't see any signs."

"Does someone want to get an official to verify the medallion?"

"I already called one! He will be here in a few minutes."

Thus, everybody there began waiting for the official without moving from their spot, almost as though they had to find out whether the medallion was real or fake no matter what.

In the meantime, they would continue to talk about the Medallion of Pleasure as though it held great importance.

A few minutes later, an old man could be seen running in their direction.

"Where is the reported Medallion of Pleasure?!" The old man asked the people there, and they immediately pointed at the medallion hanging outside Su Yang's store.

"W-Wait… This building is…"

The old man recognized this building, as he was the one who gave this building to Su Yang just yesterday night!

'He had a Medallion of Pleasure this entire time?!' The old man cried inwardly.

If he had such an item, why did he resort to bribing for a spot in the Red Light District, much less the Pink Light District? He could've easily opened a store anywhere in the city even without bribing!Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Old Ping, is this Medallion of Pleasure real or fake?"

Someone there suddenly asked, snapping the old man out of his daze.

"Right. Does anyone here have a ladder? I want to take a closer look at it."

"I have one! Give me a moment!"

A few minutes later, the old man was given a ladder, and he placed it right beside the medallion before climbing it to inspect the medallion without actually touching it.

The people there held their breaths as the old man inspected the medallion, and they nearly died from lack of air after waiting for many minutes....

After a few minutes, Old Ping climbed down the ladder and looked at the massive crowd there with a solemn look on his face.

He then spoke in a low voice, but everyone there was able to hear it as clear as day, "It's real."

As though the ground shook, many people there staggered a little upon hearing the results.

"It's real? Heavens..."

The place turned dead silent for a good moment.

"Old Ping, do you know what kind of business is being done here?"

He nodded and said, "If my memories serve me correctly, it's a massage parlor."

"What? A massage parlor of all things? This is the first time a massage parlor has managed to acquire a Medallion of Pleasure…"

"What about the owner of this store? Who is it?"

"It's a young man named Xiao Yang. That's all I know about him."

"Do you know how he'd acquired the Medallion of Pleasure?"

"I wouldn't be this surprised if I knew…"

Unfortunately for them, the store was closed at this moment, so they didn't have any reason to enter the building.

Meanwhile, inside the building, Mei Xing and Mei Ying were completely oblivious to the crowd outside their building since they were trying to decide which room they should stay inside.

Although all of the rooms were almost identical to each other, the mother and daughter pair still took their time to pick a room.

As for Su Yang, he decided to stay in the same room as them, as he didn't care which room he slept in, and that would give them an extra room for hotel services.

Eventually, they decided to live on the first floor inside the room that was closest to the reception desk, as that would make things more convenient for them.

"Manager, what is going to happen to our clients from before? We don't know who will show up and who won't, so it will make accepting new clients complicated." Mei Xing asked him sometime later.

After all, they had a whole list of clients that had scheduled in advance, and it was not like they could act as though the list never existed. However, they won't be able to accept new clients until they finish the list, as they'd have to put them in the back of the list that would take months to finish.

"It's actually quite simple. I will continue to serve those on the list as scheduled, but if someone doesn't show up and we have a new customer, the new customer can take the absent one's place."

"What if all of the old customers show up?" Mei Xing then asked.

"Then I will serve them first and serve the new customers after hours. In other words, I will be working overtime until the list is finished."

"But what if new customers continue to arrive? Won't we need to continue the waitlist?"

"No, I will no longer continue the waitlist. If someone wants a massage but we don't have a slot on that day, they will have to return another day."

"I see… So a first-come-first-serve basis just like the priority system? That makes sense. Hopefully, we will have many customers like before." Mei Xing sighed.