Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 990: Medallion of Pleasure

After Old Ping verified that the Medallion of Pleasure in front of Su Yang's building was real, news spread within the Red Light District like wildfire.

"Did you hear?! There's a new business with the Medallion of Pleasure!"

"What?! Since when? How come I haven't heard of this!"

"That's because it was discovered today! Apparently, it's a new business, too!"

"A new business with the Medallion of Pleasure? That doesn't make any sense. The medallion isn't something that can be acquired by a new business. In fact, the last time someone acquired one was over 10,000 years ago."

"I don't know what to tell you. Go check out the place if you want. It's in the Red Light District, but the store is closed now."

"If this information is true, then this place will be the 21st business in the City of Pleasure to have a Medallion of Pleasure since the city's creation!"

Although 21 Medallion of Pleasures may seem like a lot, one must keep in mind that the City of Pleasure has existed for millions of years, and for there to be only 21 medallions in existence, they can be considered quite rare.

As for what the Medallion of Pleasure signifies— they are the most prestigious honor that one can obtain within the City of Pleasure, and only those that have been approved by the lord of the city can be rewarded with such a thing.

There have been many lords for the City of Pleasure throughout the years, and they have the ability to hand out a Medallion of Pleasure. However, they are only allowed to give out one Medallion of Pleasure in their life.

With that being said, there have been hundreds if not thousands of people that have taken the position of 'lord' for the City of Pleasure throughout the years, but not every lord has the ability to give out a Medallion of Pleasure.

The system is a little complicated, but only the most monumental lords with the most accomplishments within the City of Pleasure are allowed to give out a medallion, hence why they are so rare and taken so seriously.

As of this moment, including Su Yang's massage parlor, there are only 3 stores in the entire City of Pleasure with a Medallion of Pleasure, hence the peoples' excitement when they learned that there was a new business with the Medallion of Pleasure.

Furthermore, when a business has the Medallion of Pleasure, one can expect guaranteed satisfaction from these businesses, which will definitely attract countless customers.

Of course, Su Yang knew about the Medallion of Pleasure, hence why he called it their 'key to success', but it has been tens of thousands of years since he obtained the medallion, so he wasn't sure if it was still as revered.

As for why neither Mei Ying nor Mei Xing knew about the Medallion of Pleasure— it was simply because the Medallion of Pleasure was too grand for the people of Pink Light District, so nobody really mentions it.

In fact, most people in the outer areas of the city that aren't business owners are not aware of the medallion's existence.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Manager, when will we open up the store again?" Mei Xing asked him right before bedtime.

"We can open up tomorrow if you're ready," he said.

"I am ready!" She quickly responded.

"I never thought that I would be able to work in the famous Red Light District… I cannot wait for tomorrow to come!" Mei Xing said as she entered the bed and went under the blanket, sleeping beside Mei Ying.

"I also would've never imagined that I would be working in the Red Light District. Thank you for giving us this opportunity, Manager." Mei Ying said with a smile on her face....

Su Yang silently nodded with a smile on his face as well.

A few minutes later, the mother and daughter fell asleep while Su Yang cultivated for the rest of the night.

The following morning, Mei Xing and Mei Ying woke up and began prepared themselves for work.

"Manager, how much should we charge for the rooms?" Mei Xing asked Su Yang when she realized that they didn't have a price prepared for their second business.

"One high-grade spirit stones for a day," he calmly replied.

And he continued, "We will also change the price for my massage. They will now cost 1 high-grade spirit stone for a 10-minute session, but the price will remain the same for those that are on the waitlist."

"One high-grade spirit stone?!" Mei Xing was left speechless by his response.

How can they charge such an astronomical price for a single day, much less a 10-minute massage session?

"Don't forget that this is the Red Light District. If you make your services too cheap, it will actually harm your business since they will think that your services are as cheap as its prices, not to mention the Medallion of Pleasure…"

"I guess that makes sense…" Mei Xing mumbled to herself after hearing his reasoning.

"Speaking of the Medallion of Pleasure, how do we know if it's working?" Mei Ying suddenly asked.

Su Yang showed a mysterious smile on his face and said, "Why don't you go outside and see for yourself?"

"Eh?"

Neither Mei Ying nor Mei Xing was aware of the massive crowd outside their building, so they were in for a big surprise.

And sure enough, when they opened the door to go outside, they were greeted by a massive crowd that surrounded their building, making it impossible for them to even go anywhere.

This greatly startled the two of them, especially since the crowd all snapped their heads to look at them the moment they opened the door.

"Ah!"

Mei Ying even screamed out loud before falling on the floor on her buttocks when she saw the crowd outside.

"W-What is going on? Are we under attack?" Mei Xing mumbled in a dazed voice.

Su Yang appeared a moment later, and he said with a slight smile, "I think they are customers."

"C-Customers? This many?" Mei Xing stared at them with her eyes wide as saucers, clearly in disbelief.