Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 991: Medallion of Pleasure (2)

"Hello, how may I help all of you?" Su Yang asked the crowd with a friendly smile on his face.

However, they didn't immediately respond to him, as they were dumbfounded by his young and ordinary appearance.

While there are rumors of Su Yang being a young man, nobody really believed it, but now that they are seeing him in person, they have no choice but to believe it.

"A-Are you the owner of this place?" One of them finally asked him.

"That's right. My name is Xiao Yang, and this is my store," he confirmed.

"What kind of business do you do here?"

"This is mostly a massage parlor, but we are also a hotel, and I only offer my massage services to female customers," he said.

The crowd was amazed to learn that a massage parlor had managed to receive the Medallion of Pleasure since it has never happened before.

"If you don't mind me asking, who did you acquire your Medallion of Pleasure from? Oh, I am the owner of the store right across from yours."

Su Yang smiled and said, "It was entrusted to me by a friend."

"That makes a lot of sense…" The crowd there began mumbling to each other.

Once the lord of the city hands someone a Medallion of Pleasure, they are not allowed to take it back, but the person who received the medallion is allowed to hand over the medallion to another person, and it has been done many times throughout the years.

However, most of them have either been destroyed in incidents or their owners lost them, hence why there is only three Medallion of Pleasure left in the City of Pleasure as of this moment.

Furthermore, if the current owner of the medallion isn't up to standard with their services or business, they can have their medallion revoked by the city, which will be destroyed afterward.

The people in the city also didn't mind that the medallion could be passed on as long as the services provided by the medallion holder is qualified to hold the medallion.

Of course, this meant that one could also steal the medallion from another, but that has never happened before simply because they will be offending the entire City of Pleasure by doing so, and the medallion is useless outside the city, so it made no sense for someone to steal it unless they are working in the city.

"Then do you know which Lord gave out the medallion?" Another person there asked him.

Su Yang shook his head, "Unfortunately, I do not."

Obviously, he knew who gave the medallion, since he is the original owner, but it would make people question his identity if they knew the Lord, especially since the Lord can only give out one medallion in their lifetime.

If they learn the name of the Lord, they will also learn that the Lord had given her medallion to the infamous Su Yang, and that would let the people know that he has a connection with Su Yang, something he wanted to avoid....

Fortunately, the people didn't really seem to mind, as they only cared about the significance of the medallion, not who handed it out.

"When do you open? I'd like to experience your massage service and see if you're qualified to hold the medallion." One of the women there suddenly asked him.

"We will be opening shortly. However, before anything, you should all know a little about my business since I have actually been working in the Pink Light District for a little before coming here." Su Yang said to them.

"What? The Pink Light District?"

They raised their eyebrows. How could someone with the Medallion of Pleasure work in the lowly Pink Light District?Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

But they didn't say anything and allowed Su Yang to explain first.

Thus, Su Yang began telling them about their waitlist, why he'd decided to relocate to the Red Light District, and how he will be handling his new customers so that they wouldn't be puzzled.

"I wanted to work my way up without using the Medallion of Pleasure at first, but because of that incident, I was forced to relocate to this place and use the Medallion of Pleasure." Su Yang sighed out loud after explaining everything to them, acting like a pitiful victim.

"Qian Fuju? Isn't that Red-robed Madam's son who's currently working in the Yellow Light District? I already knew that he was trouble, but to think he would offend someone with a Medallion of Pleasure… What an idiot."

While nobody in the Pink Light District dared to even look at Qian Fuju in the eyes, the people at Red Light District couldn't care less about Qian Fuju and even dared to talk badly about him in public since he was beneath them.

"If you don't mind the temporary inconveniences, you are more than welcomed in my store. Thank you all for listening, and I will see you soon." Su Yang said to them before going back inside the building and closing the door.

He then turned to look at Mei Xing and Mei Ying, who was still dazed by the whole situation.

Su Yang chuckled and started explaining to them the significance of the Medallion of Pleasure.

"Amazing… And you got such a priceless treasure from a friend? What a generous friend." Mei Xing said.

Su Yang didn't respond to such words and merely nodded with a smile on his face.

As for how he actually acquired the Medallion of Pleasure, it was many thousand years ago when he traveled to this city to treat the lord at that time, who was seriously ill from having too much Yin Qi in her body because nobody was able to satisfy her.

And being Su Yang, he took it upon himself to treat the Lord, satisfying her until her body was exhausted of Yin Qi for the first time in forever.

After that, the Lord gave him the Medallion of Pleasure in case he ever decides to open up a business in the city.