Chapter 992: Why Am I So Unlucky?

"Boss! We have a problem! A huge problem!"

One of Qian Fuju's lackeys rushed into his room with a panicked face.

"What happened?" Qian Fuju asked with a frown on his face.

"It's that massage parlor you're trying to destroy! Not only are they really working in the Red Light District now, but there is something even more shocking! They actually have a Medallion of Pleasure!"

"WHAT?!" Qian Fuju stood up so hard that he nearly pulled a muscle in his legs.

"Repeat that!" He demanded.

Despite his nervousness, the lackey repeated his words.

"They have a Medallion of Pleasure… And pretty much the entire Red Light District is now aware that you had messed with the owner. Things are going to get rough for us."

"Impossible! How can they possibly have a Medallion of Pleasure?! If they had one, why didn't they say anything when I tried to ruin their business?!" Qian Fuju was in complete disbelief.

Not even in his wildest dreams would he have imagined that someone within the Pink Light District would have the Medallion of Pleasure.

Due to the prestige of the medallion, if someone were to mess with the owner or its business, they were basically offending the entire City of Pleasure.

"Are you sure this information is correct?!" Qian Fuju asked his lackey again, seemingly unwilling to believe this information.

"It's true, Boss! They even had an official verify the medallion! If you don't believe me, you can go see for yourself! However, it would be risky to leave this place now…"

"Shit! Fuck! Damn it all! Why am I so unlucky?!" Qian Fuju kicked and tossed his furniture around.

Not only did he lose his favorite woman to another man, but he might even lose his business now that he's offended someone with the Medallion of Pleasure!

After destroying his room, Qian Fuju sat down and began pondering about a solution.

However, before he could think very far, someone kicked his door down before entering his room.

"Who dares—"

Qian Fuju screamed as he turned to look at the door, but his voice forcibly halted when he saw the individual walking at him in an angry manner.

"Fuju! What is the meaning of this?!" A beautiful woman wearing a revealing red robe shouted at him.

"M-Mother! What are you doing here?" Qian Fuju immediately stood up and looked at his mother, the Red-robed Madam, with a terrified expression.

"I am here because the entire district is talking about you! They are saying that you'd caused trouble for the owner of a Medallion of Pleasure! Is this true?!"

"M-Mother! L-Let me explain!" Qian Fuju immediately explained the situation to her.

"I didn't know he had a Medallion of Pleasure! And he was working in the Pink Light District before moving to the Red Light District! There was simply no way that I could have known that he would have such a thing!"

"You useless thing! Do you have any idea what you've done?! Ignorance won't save your ass since this is the Medallion of Pleasure we are talking about! If that owner goes to the current lord of the city and complains, you won't be the only one to be punished! Even I could be affected!"RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"I am sorry…" Qian Fuju said to her with his head lowered from shame....

However, his mother wasn't impressed by his apology, and it even worsened her mood.

"Sorry?! As if an apology will do anything! If you're going to apologize, do it to the right person! Go apologize to that person and plead for his forgiveness!"

"Y-You want me to beg him to forgive me? Impossible! I'd rather die than lower my head to him!"

"Then you can die!"

His mother immediately retrieved a sword from her storage ring and pointed it at her own son without any hesitation.

"Either you personally apologize to him, or I will kill you right here and use your corpse to apologize!"

In her eyes, no matter how much she loved her son, she wasn't willing to risk her own business and livelihood that took her thousands of years of effort to build.

"F-Fine! I get it! I will go and apologize to him!" Qian Fuju quickly had a change of heart after seeing his mother's serious expression as she pointed her sword at him.

Red-robed Madam retrieved her sword and said in a cold voice, "The quicker you apologize to him the better. In fact, I will give you until tomorrow. If it's not done by then, I will apologize to him instead— with your head."

Qian Fuju swallowed nervously before nodding in a stiff manner.

His mother left the scene shortly after.

Qian Fuju collapsed on the floor afterward, and he would sit there for the rest of the day with a blank expression on his face.

Meanwhile, Su Yang opened his business after Mei Ying and Mei Xing were prepared.

Immediately, people began flooding the first floor.

"W-Welcome to Heavenly Massage! How may I help you today?" Mei Xing greeted the guests with a somewhat nervous smile on her small face.

"I would like a massage," said the person first in line.

"Are you on the waitlist? If not, you'll have to wait five minutes to see if that person will show up for her appointment. If she doesn't show up, you can take her place, but if she does show up, you will have to wait until later."

"I understand." The woman nodded.

Five minutes passed quickly, but the person who was on the waitlist didn't show up, so Mei Xing gave the spot to the new guest.

Once inside the massage room, Su Yang greeted the beauty with a friendly smile on his face.

"Do I have to remove my clothes?" The woman asked him.

"That is entirely up to you," he said.

The woman pondered for a moment before deciding to remove her clothes.

Su Yang then led her to the bed that had its mattress replaced with his own, and he began massaging the woman.