Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 993: Are You Here to Cause Us Trouble Again?

About ten minutes after Su Yang accepted his first client, the door to the massage room opened, and an ordinary young man walked out with a seemingly unconscious woman in his arms being carried to the room on the other side of the hall.

Now that he was working in the Red Light District, Su Yang no longer held back as much when it came to his techniques since the standard for him and his business had skyrocketed due to the Medallion of Pleasure.

Of course, this didn't mean that he would be going all-out, as that would instantly give him away as Su Yang.

If one had to gauge how much effort he was putting into the massages, it would be around 40 percent out of 100 percent, and that much was more than enough to dominate the entire City of Pleasure where everyone has above-average endurance.

After putting the unconscious woman that had passed out from experiencing too much pleasure inside one of the available rooms so that she could rest properly, Su Yang returned to the massage room to wait for his next client.

A few minutes later, another woman entered the massage room to experience his massage techniques.

'Heavens… It feels like it's been forever since we've had this many customers…' Mei Xing said to herself as she greeted one customer after another.

"I would like to rent a room for a day." A 'couple' stood before Mei Xing.

"Okay, that would be 1 high-grade spirit stone." Mei Xing said to them, feeling a little nervous afterward since she has never asked for so much money before.

"Here you go."

And to Mei Xing's surprise, the client handed her a high-grade spirit stone in a very casual manner.

'Wow! The Red Light District is truly another beast! Everyone here is so rich that they can spend so much money without thinking twice!' Mei Xing accepted the high-grade spirit stone with excitement.

Meanwhile, Mei Ying worked as a room service, cleaning the rooms after a customer leaves.

Although most people pay for a day's worth of room, they would check out early after finishing their 'business' inside.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Of course, this meant that their hotel was being used as a temporary brothel where people go to have fun with their partner that they picked up from the street, but that is very common in the City of Pleasure, so it wasn't anything unexpected.

The day continued with the massage parlor receiving great business.

At the end of the day, Su Yang accepted his last customer.

Meanwhile, somewhere in the Yellow Light District, Qian Fuju left his room and made his way to the Heavenly Massage.

"B-Boss! Where are you going?!" His lackeys asked him when they noticed him leaving without saying a word.

"I don't think it's a good idea to go outside now, boss," said another lackey.

Qian Fuju shook his head and said, "I have to. Don't bother me."

The lackeys looked at each other. They could tell that Qian Fuju was dispirited just from his voice alone, so they decided to ignore him.

After he left, one of the lackeys said, "The Red-robed Madam visited earlier today, and I am guessing that it has something to do with her."

"I have never seen the boss acting like that before."...

"Probably because he's never offended someone with a Medallion of Pleasure before…"

"What do you think is going to happen now?"

"Only heaven knows."

Once Qian Fuju left his building, he began making his way to the Heavenly Massage, and just as he'd expected, everybody in the street was giving him weird looks.

"Isn't that Qian Fuju? He dares to show face after offending someone with a Medallion of Pleasure? Is it boldness or stupidity?"

"Hahaha… He's probably going to apologize for his actions!"

"Qian Fuju apologizing? Now that's something that only happens once in a lifetime!"

Qian Fuju's face was flushed red from anger after hearing the people openly mock him. However, he didn't do anything about it and merely started walking even faster.

Eventually, he arrived at the Heavenly Massage.

Even though the place was already closed, there were still people lining up outside the building, most likely for the next day.

Qian Fuju ignored the line and walked straight to the entrance. After taking a deep breath, he knocked on the door.

"We're closed!" Mei Xing's voice resounded the next second.

However, Qian Fuju continued to knock on the door, and he would continue doing so until someone opened the door.

Eventually, Mei Xing went to open the door to see who was being so rude and annoying, and to her absolute shock, Qian Fuju was at the door!

"M-M-Manager! Help!" Mei Xing shouted in a terrified voice that sounded like she was about to be abducted and sold to a brothel.

Su Yang, who was cleaning the massage room but was aware of Qian Fuju's presence didn't panic when he heard Mei Xing's cry, but Mei Ying ran like she would die if she didn't when she heard her daughter's scream.

"Mei Xing! What happened—?!" Mei Ying halted her movement when she saw Qian Fuju's figure standing at their front door, and her body uncontrollably trembled as she recalled her traumatic experience with him.

"W-What are you doing here?! Are you here to cause us trouble again?!" Mei Xing eventually got off the floor and onto her feet, confronting Qian Fuju in a brave yet terrified manner.

Seeing her daughter's action, Mei Ying pounced forward and stood between Qian Fuju and Mei Xing in a protective manner, as she was afraid that Qian Fuju might harm them.

However, to their surprise, Qian Fuju didn't do anything, merely standing there with an uncaring expression on his face.

Su Yang showed up a few moments later, and he calmly approached Qian Fuju until they were only a few steps away from each other.

"Looking to scout out my new store before you make your lackeys guard the front door like previously?" Su Yang asked him in a joking voice.