Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 994: Qian Fuju's Apology

When Qian Fuju saw Su Yang appear before him, even cracking a joke like they were buddies, Qian Fuju immediately fell to his knees and kissed the floor with his forehead before speaking in a loud voice, "I apologize for trying to ruin your business, Xiao Yang. Please, forgive me!"

"Eh?"

Both Mei Ying and Mei Xing stared at Qian Fuju with their eyes wide open, especially Mei Ying, who would've never imagined that she would witness Qian Fuju apologizing while kowtowing.

"Oh? You want me to forgive you?" Su Yang asked in a confirming manner.

"Yes, that's right. I have wronged you. Please, forgive me. I am willing to do anything," Qian Fuju confirmed.

"Hmm… What should I do? I am a scholar and a benevolent person, so maybe I should forgive you. After all, not much harm was done to me, anyway." Su Yang said.

Qian Fuju grew hopeful when he heard Su Yang's words, and even his eyes flickered with a hopeful light.

Su Yang then continued, "However, I failed as a scholar, and you have done plenty of harm to other people. Let me ask you this… Did you forgive your victims when they pleaded for mercy? Oh, you don't actually have to answer that since I already know the answer."

"You want me to forgive you? Hahaha!" Su Yang suddenly started laughing.

Qian Fuju's facial expression grew ugly when he heard Su Yang's laughter, and his complexion paled after he listened to Su Yang's next sentence.

"I refuse. I will not only not forgive you, but I will also make it my life's mission to make your life as miserable as possible. Don't worry, I won't do it right now. I want you to savor this feeling of despair."

"If you wish to live a little longer, then you should get the hell out of this city."

"Now that you have my response, you may get away from my store. Your unpleasant presence might affect my business."

"Wait—"

Before Qian Fuju could even respond, Su Yang slammed the door in his face.

"..."

The entire street was silent as they watched Qian Fuju's miserable appearance.

Qian Fuju's body trembled in anger, and he gritted his teeth so hard that his gums began bleeding.

He currently has this uncontrollable desire to destroy the building before him and everyone in it, but he knew that he would die before he could do so, as there were many experts in that place silently watching him from the shadows.

Thus, Qian Fuju could only swallow his anger and go home for now.

What happened today quickly spread throughout the Red Light District as well as the other districts, as Qian Fuju was an infamous person who has harmed a lot of people, mostly those from a lower-ranking district than his.

"Hahaha! Serves that bastard just right!"

"Qian Fuju offended someone with a Medallion of Pleasure? Hahaha! This is the best news I have heard all decade long!"

"Who is this person he offended? Xiao Yang? I have never heard of him before."...

"What's going to happen to Qian Fuju now?"

"Nobody knows."

"Hopefully, he leaves the city and never returns."

People from all around the City of Pleasure began celebrating Qian Fuju's misfortune.

When this news reached Red-robed Madam, she was definitely not happy. However, there wasn't much she could do in this situation.

Her son had offended someone with a Medallion of Pleasure, and he was known for being a troublemaker in the City of Pleasure. Nobody will be on Qian Fuju's side besides his lackeys.

But as much as she wants to leave Qian Fuju alone, he was her son at the end of the day, and he went to apologize as she'd asked of him.

Red-robed Madam then called a few people to gather information on Xiao Yang to see if there was anything she could do.

A few days later, she received all of Xiao Yang's information, but to her surprise, there was none.

"What? There's no information on Xiao Yang before he arrived in the City of Pleasure? How is that even possible? Surely, he must have some sort of background!" Red-robed Madam was shocked to learn that all information on Xiao Yang was virtually nonexistent before his appearance in the City of Pleasure, almost like he was a ghost prior to coming to the city.

"He claimed to be a failed scholar. Did you check with the scholars? They should have his information!"

"There is none, Madam Qian. In fact, that was the first place we checked! There was nobody by the name of Xiao Yang that had taken their scholar examination in the last decade!" The informant said to her.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Red-robed Madam frowned when she heard this.

"Xiao Yang… Just who are you? You have no background outside of the City of Pleasure, and you somehow have a Medallion of Pleasure…"

Red-robed Madam was more intrigued than ever now.

'What are you hiding, Xiao Yang? Whatever it is, you've clearly put in some effort into hiding it! Once I learn your secret, I will have you in my control!'

"Continue searching! I don't believe that he has no traces in this world! Find an information broker if you have to! " Red-robed Madam commanded her informants.

Meanwhile, at the Heavenly Massage, business was as busy as usual.

"Looks like Qian Fuju won't be coming back to bother us any longer." Mei Xing said as she cleaned the reception area after business hours.

"I sure hope so…" Mei Ying sighed.

A few days have passed since Qian Fuju disappeared after pleading Su Yang for forgiveness, and ever since getting rejected, Qian Fuju hasn't reappeared in public since then.

Nobody knows where he went— not even his own lackeys or mother.

People speculated that Qian Fuju had left the City of Pleasure due to fear, but others believed that he was hidden somewhere within the city, quietly plotting revenge against Xiao Yang, who pushed him into this hole that he dug himself.