Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 995: Acting Innocent

A week have passed since Qian Fuju's disappearance, and business was as usual within the Heavenly Massage.

In fact, business was so good that Mei Xing and Mei Ying had forgotten about Qian Fuju, allowing them to focus on their work.

Early in the morning on one day, an extremely beautiful woman wearing red robes and red heels approached the Heavenly Massage.

When the pedestrians there saw this red-robed figure, their eyes widened with shock.

"T-That's the Red-robed Madam! What is she doing here?"

"Do you think she's here because of what happened to her son, Qian Fuju?"

"Very likely…"

The pedestrians there mumbled to each other in a mosquito-like voice. Unlike when they cursed Qian Fuju out loud, nobody there dared to speak badly of the Red-robed Madam out loud.

"Do you mind if I cut the line? I have some important business with the manager of this place, Xiao Yang. I will compensate everyone for this inconvenience." The Red-robed Madam asked the people standing in line outside the building.

"G-Go right ahead."

Everyone in the line nodded their head with nervous smiles on their faces.

"Thank you all." The Red-robed Madam no longer bothered with the people there and entered the Heavenly Massage the next moment.

"Welcome to the Heavenly Massage! How may I help you today?" Mei Xing greeted her without knowing her identity as Qian Fuju's mother.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"I'd like to speak with your manager, Xiao Yang."

"The Manager? What is this about?" Mei Xing then asked.

"It's about my son, Qian Fuju." The Red-robed Madam said, not planning on hiding her identity.

"Eh?"

Mei Xing didn't immediately comprehend Red-robed Madam's words, but when she did, her eyes widened with shock.

"Q-Qian Fuju's mother?!" Mei Xing exclaimed.

"P-Please wait a moment!"

Mei Xing immediately got out of her chair and ran into the massage room to explain the situation to Su Yang.

"Manager! Someone claiming to be Qian Fuju's mother is here to speak with you!" She said to him.

"The Red-robed Madam, huh?" A profound smile appeared on Su Yang's face.

He then went outside with Mei Xing following behind him....

"Hello, I am Xiao Yang. You're Red-robed Madam, Qian Fuju's mother, right? Let's go somewhere more private, shall we?"

Red-robed Madam nodded and proceeded to follow Su Yang into one of the hotel rooms while Mei Xing returned to managing the reception.

"I'm sorry, but I don't have any tea to serve you since I didn't expect any visitors in such a manner." Su Yang said to her once they sat down in front of each other on the couch.

"It's fine. I came here unannounced, and I do not plan on staying for too long," she shook her head in a calm manner.

"Then let's immediately continue onto the subject. Why do you want to speak with me?" Su Yang asked her with a calm yet serious expression on his face.

"It's simple. I am here to apologize for my son's actions," she said in a sighing voice.

And she continued before Su Yang could even open his mouth, "Ah, please don't misunderstand my intentions. I am not seeking for your forgiveness, nor am I asking you to spare him. I am merely here as a mother to apologize for her own son's wrongdoings."

Although Su Yang remained nonchalant on the outside, he was actually sneering in disgust inwardly.

'Acting innocent, huh? You might be able to fool others with your appearance as an honest and sincere person, but I know exactly how rotten you are as a person.' Su Yang sneered inwardly.

Red-robed Madam had acted in the same manner when he visited this place before as Su Yang, but as soon as he rejected her approaches, she immediately started plotting to ruin his image, accusing him of kidnapping, assaulting, and torturing her.

If he could, he would kill her at this moment.

However, Su Yang didn't show any of his disgust towards Red-robed Madam on the outside and acted like this was their first meeting.

"I see… You've now put me in a difficult situation. You seem like an honest person, and I don't want to make you sad, but when I recall the horrible things that have done to others, I just cannot bring myself to spare him. I hope you'll understand."

"No, I completely understand. As I'd already said, I didn't come here today to ask for your forgiveness. In fact, I would like to become friends or something similar."

"Friends?" Yuan couldn't help but chuckle after hearing her words, and he said, "Even though I might be the reason your son dies?"

"If that happens, then so be it. That idiot son of mine has always been causing trouble for others no matter how much I warn him. I knew that karma would eventually find its way to him and make him pay for everything one day. I have already long prepared myself for such a situation." Red-robed Madam said.

Her intentions were clear— to make it seem like she doesn't care about Qian Fuju and appear to be on Su Yang's side so that he doesn't go after her business in the future if she cannot save Qian Fuju, perhaps even benefit from him, who has the Medallion of Pleasure.

Unfortunately for her, she had already messed everything up without realizing it, and it was done so many thousand years ago.

"And to start things off, why don't we talk about our background so we get to know each other a little better? I will start first," she said, obviously trying to gather information on his background.

"Oh, I will pay for taking up your time, so you don't need to worry about that," she suddenly added.

Su Yang pondered for a moment before nodding his head with a friendly smile on his face, "Sure. Why not?"

After all, the more he knew about his enemies, the easier it would be for him to deal with them.

Thus, Red-robed Madam began telling Yuan about her past and how she began her business in the City of Pleasure.