Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 996: Room Services

"And that's how I came to the City of Pleasure, starting my own business. After thousands of years of sweat and blood, I have finally arrived in my current position." Red-robed Madam ended her story of how she arrived in the City of Pleasure.

"That's really admirable, Madam Qian." Su Yang said to her.

"I'm sure your story will be even more admirable. Why don't you tell me a little about yourself? How did you arrive at the City of Pleasure? What made you open up a business?"

"Well, it's really nothing compared to your story. I am merely a failed scholar who decided to work in the City of Pleasure after hearing so many good things about this place from my buddies." Su Yang said with a smile.

'Again with the scholar background? I have already double-checked that information, and you never even went to take the scholar exam.' Madam Qian sneered inwardly after hearing Su Yang's story, but she made sure to keep calm and not reveal her thoughts.

"A scholar, huh? I think you have what it takes to become one. Why did you fail? And why the City of Pleasure? It's such a sudden and abnormal change in career." Madam Qian asked him.

"Well… To be completely honest with you, it's mostly because of my family. I never had any interaction with other people besides my own family, nor was I given the chance to. This aspired me to become someone who can have a lot of interaction with other people, and what better place than the City of Pleasure that is known for connections and such?"

"As for why I failed to become a scholar… It's simple. I never even took the test. My family wanted me to become a scholar, but I turned around in front of the examination building." Su Yang shrugged.

"Wait… Huh?"

Madam Qian's eyes widened when she heard Su Yang's last sentence.

He'd turned around at the examination building? Is that why there isn't any record of a Xiao Yang? Does this mean it's all a huge coincidence?

However, Madam Qian refused to believe that Xiao Yang had no secrets.

After all, even if he didn't take the scholar examination, there were still many blank spots in his background.

"You mentioned your family… What kind of family is it?" Madam Qian then asked.

If she cannot get any information on his identity, she could do so with his family's background!

Unfortunately, Su Yang had already thought this out, and he said in a clear voice, "Sorry, but I cannot say anything about my family. They really hate it when I mention them, as I am nothing but a failure in their eyes, and they do not want to associate themselves with me."

"If they learn that I'd mentioned being part of their family, they will definitely tear down my business and drag me back home."

Madam Qian was left speechless. How is she supposed to get any information on him like this? At this rate, she will leave this place empty-handed!

"Don't worry, I won't tell anyone. I promise." Madam Qian said with a beautiful smile on her face.

However, Su Yang remained reluctant and said, "I'm sorry, but I do not have the courage. Maybe in the future, when I am more courageous, I will tell you."

"I see… Then you must visit me whenever you feel comfortable telling me." Madam Qian said to him.

After talking for a few more minutes, Madam Qian left the place with an unsatisfied look on her face.

"Is everything okay, Manager?" Mei Xing asked him when he came back outside.

"Yes, everything is fine. You can start sending customers my way now."

Mei Xing nodded, and the day proceeded like usual....

At the end of the day, Su Yang greeted his last customer for the day.

"Hello." Su Yang greeted this tall beauty with a gentle smile on his face.

The beauty stared at him in silence for a good moment before speaking in a sneering voice, "Are you really as good as they say? I don't believe it. Look at your fragile-looking arms. How can you possibly pleasure anybody with them?"

Su Yang continued smiling, and he said, "Whether they are right or wrong… Why don't you find out for yourself?"

"That's exactly why I am here. If you disappoint me, I will…"

The woman didn't finish her sentence and laid on the bed.

"What do you want me to do?" Su Yang asked her.

"I want you to satisfy me, of course. Just so you know, I haven't been satisfied for over 500 years now," she said.

"500 years? How often do you come to this city?" Su Yang asked.

"Who knows…"

"Rest assured. I won't let you leave this place until I completely get rid of your exhaustion." Su Yang rolled up his sleeves and immediately began massaging her stiff body.

"Your body… Do you practice the sword?" Su Yang suddenly asked her.

"Hm? I do. How can you tell?"

"Your muscles. Those that wield the sword practice in a certain way, so their muscles are often stiff in similar spots," he said.

"Not bad, I suppose."

However, despite her seemingly tough attitude, the woman began moaning very quickly after experiencing Su Yang's hand techniques, and after three minutes, she could no longer resist the temptation to remove her clothes.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Show me what you're made of." She said with her arms and legs spread wide open in a seductive manner.

Su Yang gladly accepted her request and stripped naked before inserting his stiff rod inside her tight cave, banging the living soul out of this woman.

About fifteen minutes later, the woman walked out of the massage room with staggering movements, looking like she was drunk.

"Good job, Manager." Mei Xing said to him when he returned to their room.

However, shortly after they retired for the day, someone knocked on their door.

Su Yang was greeted by a beautiful young lady with a smile on her face.

"Hello! I am sorry for bothering you, but I was wondering if your hotel provides room services such as massages. The other hotels have this option, but I wasn't sure if this hotel was the same."