Chapter 997: Deal!

"Room services?" Su Yang raised his eyebrows.

Although they did not provide such services, Su Yang didn't immediately refuse for some reason.

"If I need to pay extra fees… How about 100 high-grade spirit stones?" The young lady suddenly offered.

"100 high-grade spirit stones?!" Mei Xing immediately jumped off the bed and tugged on Su Yang's robes.

"Manager, you should do it! Even if it's just a one-time thing, this is 100 high-grade spirit stones, which is equal to 100 customers!"

Su Yang looked at Mei Xing who was staring back at him with money in her eyes.

"Are you sure you want to pay 100 high-grade spirit stones? There is a no refund policy here." Su Yang asked the young lady.

"Yes, I am sure," she quickly nodded.

"Alright then." Su Yang agreed to her offer, mostly because of Mei Xing, who would surely be sad if he let go of so much money.

"Great! Follow me! I live on the second floor!" The young lady suddenly grabbed his hand and began pulling him upstairs.

Once they were inside the young lady's room, she handed him the spirit stones before sitting on the bed.

"I should've asked you this earlier, but how long do I get for 100 high-grade spirit stones?" She asked him.

Su Yang pondered for a moment before speaking, "For that much money, you'll get as long as you can last."

"So if I can last the whole night…"

"Yes, then I will spend the entire night with you."

"Deal!" The young lady chuckled.

"Give me a moment to change my clothes."

The young lady then removed her clothes before wearing a semi-transparent dress that revealed every inch of her body.

She then laid on the bed and beckoned him with a seductive smile on her face.

Su Yang climbed the bed and immediately began massaging her body.

"Oh~! Not bad! This is definitely worth 100 high-grade spirit stones!" The young lady spoke after experiencing his techniques for a couple of minutes.

"However, that won't be enough to satisfy me."

Hearing her words, Su Yang poured more spiritual energy into his fingertips before pressing them deep inside her soft skin.

"Ah~" The young lady released a gentle moan, but she managed to keep her body in control.

Most of his customers would immediately begin gushing with Yin Qi once Su Yang used this technique, but this young lady was stronger than she appears.

'Not bad…' Su Yang smiled when his technique didn't work on this mysterious young lady.

"Do you want to turn around?" Su Yang asked her a few moments later.

"Sure! I was close to falling asleep, anyway."

The young lady then flipped her body, allowing Su Yang's hands to roam all over her small chest and naked kitty.

Eventually, Su Yang slipped his fingers inside her cave.

"Aahh~!"

The young lady began moaning intensively, clearly feeling it.

However, it still wasn't enough to make her cave gush with Yin Qi....

After fingering the young lady for a few more minutes, Su Yang asked her, "Do you want more?"

"Of course!" She quickly responded.

Su Yang removed his clothes the next moment before positioning himself in front of her wet cave.

After rubbing his thick and hot rod between her slit for a few moments, Su Yang inserted it inside her cave, spreading it wide open.

The young lady's body trembled with delight for the first time.

"You don't have to go easy on me." She said to him.

Su Yang nodded and immediately began thrusting his rod, reaching the deepest parts of her cave with every single thrust.

"Oh~! Yes~! Give it to me! I have been yearning for this!"

Su Yang would go on to thrust his hips without any breaks for the next two hours, and in this time, the young lady had only released her Yin Qi three times, which was an incredible feat even though Su Yang wasn't using his full strength.

Of course, Su Yang could quickly increase the intensity until she could no longer endure it, but he didn't want to rush things, especially since he had no reason to.

"Are you tired already?" The young lady asked him with a smirk on her pretty face.

Su Yang chuckled and said, "If you can make me tired, I will massage you whenever you want for as long as you want— as long as it's after hours."

"Deal!"

The young lady suddenly stood up and pushed Su Yang on the bed.

She then sat on him and began riding his stiff rod as though it was a horse for many hours without stopping.

"Is the Manager not returning? It's already been hours." Mei Xing sighed as she laid on the bed with Mei Ying.

"He's most likely going to be with her for the rest of the night since she paid so much money." Mei Ying said.

"I guess so…"ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Meanwhile, back at the young lady's room, Su Yang laid on the bed with a look of disbelief on his face, his body soaked in sweat.

'Just who is this woman? I cannot see her cultivation, but it's definitely much higher than mine!'

Su Yang thought to himself.

"What's the matter? Finally finished?" The young lady asked him with a wide smile on her face.

"Yes, I am exhausted. You win this one." Su Yang said.

Even though he lost to this unknown girl, he was neither disappointed nor too prideful to admit his loss.

After hearing Su Yang's words, the young lady suddenly snapped her fingers, creating a powerful concealment formation around the room.

Su Yang immediately frowned at this, and he asked her, "Who are you?"

The young lady chuckled gracefully before speaking, "You've really lost your edge after two thousand years, Su Yang."

"What…?" Su Yang's eyes widened with shock after hearing his name come out of her mouth.

The young lady then retrieved a pill from her storage ring before swallowing it.

The next moment, this young lady transformed into an exceedingly beautiful woman that could only be described as a true goddess.

"Do you recognize me now, Su Yang?"