Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 998: Xing Aiying

"Xing Aiying?" Su Yang muttered her name when he saw her face that was the definition of ethereal beauty.

The beauty who turned out to be Xing Aiying, the master of formations and illusions, pounced on Su Yang like a starving tiger and said, "You can remove your disguise now. I have this entire building secured."

Hearing her words, Su Yang removed his disguise, returning to being a handsome young man.

Xing Aiying chuckled when she saw Su Yang's appearance, and she spoke, "I heard from Sister Ziyi that you look much younger than before, and I must say, you definitely meet my expectations!"

"I knew that you guys would eventually start showing yourselves, but I didn't expect it to be this soon." Su Yang said with a smile on his face.

And he continued, "How have you been, Aiying? It's been 2,000 years."

"It's been too long, you idiot!" Xing Aiying said as she lowered her body and hugged him tightly.

"I'm sorry for leaving you ladies like that…" Su Yang gently combed her silky hair with his fingers, and he had a good feeling that he'll be repeating such words many more times in the future when he reunites with the others.

"I have heard of your situation from Sister Ziyi, but I want to hear it from you, Su Yang. Tell me. What happened?" Xing Aiying asked him after wiping her tears on his shoulders.

"I will tell you everything, but it's going to take a while."

"Make it quick, because I only have two months with you," she said.

"Two months…? Is that what you ladies agreed on?"

"Yes, to make things fair for everyone until you permanently return to us."

"I will try my best to not make you ladies wait too long."

Su Yang then began to tell his story to Xing Aiying, who listened intensively.

After listening to the whole story, Xing Aiying released a long sigh.

"It sounds like to me you had a great vacation in some mortal world while the rest of us suffered because we thought that you had died," she sighed.

"A-A vacation? I also suffered too, you know…" Su Yang said.

"I had to live every day worrying about everyone here, especially after learning about the situation from Lingxi. However, you're right. Compared to you ladies, my suffering was nothing in comparison."

"If there's anything I can do to make it up to you…"

"You impregnated Sister Ziyi…" Xing Aiying immediately responded.

Su Yang smiled and said, "You want a child, too? This is the first time you've asked me, you know."...

"Yes, I want a child, but I don't want one now," she said.

"If I suddenly have a child, people will definitely start questioning it. I guess Sister Ziyi was too excited to think at that moment, but once the world realizes that Luo Ziyi is pregnant, they will begin to search for the father."

"Luckily for her, she can make excuses for the child since she's the only one who's pregnant."

"However, if everyone who is affiliated with you is suddenly pregnant, it will raise too many suspicions." Xing Aiying explained to Su Yang her reason for not wanting to bear his child right now, which made perfect sense.

The entire world is aware of their relationship with Su Yang, and if all of them suddenly became pregnant, one would begin to wonder if Su Yang was actually still living somewhere, secretly impregnating his women.

"Now that you mention it… That would definitely be a major problem. Fortunately, you opened my eyes before I impregnated the others." Su Yang said, thinking to himself that he has to control himself and not impregnate everyone that asks him even if he really wants to.

"But then again, it might take us a few thousand years before we can actually conceive, so unless you plan on taking that long to return to us, it's okay to impregnate us." Xing Aiying added.

"A few thousand years, huh? Hopefully, I can deal with my problems much quicker."

"By the way, what are you doing now? I know that you're trying to enter the Boundless Yin Yang Sect, but what's your progress like?" Xing Aiying then asked.

"It started out a little slow, but things are picking up now that I am working inside the Red Light District with a Medallion of Pleasure. It'll only be a matter of time before someone from the Boundless Yin Yang Sect shows up," he said.

Xing Aiying then poked his nose and said with a cheeky smile on her face, "At your current level, I'm not sure they'll even accept you."

Su Yang chuckled at her words and said, "Did you really think that I would go all out on a customer? I will show you the real me tomorrow night."

"However, unless the Boundless Yin Yang Sect increased their standards significantly, I will have no problem entering their sect at my current level."

"I did a little research before coming here, and the Boundless Yin Yang Sect has indeed increased their standards 10 years ago. Of course, knowing you, it'll still be a breeze to enter," said Xing Aiying.

"But what's going to happen to your business here once you leave? Do you intend on giving it to those two girls working for you?"

"Mei Xing and Mei Ying? Even if I give it to them, they most likely won't accept it. I will see what they want to do when the time comes." Su Yang said.

"You really care about them, huh? Should I start calling them 'sisters' now?" Xing Aiying asked, indicating that he might accept them into the family.

"Who knows." Su Yang said with a profound smile on his face.

The two of them continued to spend the rest of the day talking to each other.

The following morning, Su Yang asked her, "What are you going to do now? Want to work for me?"

"I will enjoy being spoiled by you as a customer for now," she said with a smile before disguising herself again.

Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates