Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 999: Xing Aiying(2)

Once Xing Aiying left the room, Su Yang also returned to his disguise and made his way back to Mei Xing and Mei Ying.

"Manager, where have you been the whole night?" Mei Xing asked him as she prepared herself for work.

"I was serving the customer," he calmly said.

"For the whole night? That's amazing! Most customers would not last an hour, much less the whole night!" Mei Xing expressed her admiration for the customer.

"She's a special one alright." Su Yang chuckled.

Once they were all prepared, everyone went to work.

"Welcome to the Heavenly Massage!" Mei Xing greeted the customers.

Meanwhile, inside the massage room, Xing Aiying was casually sitting at the corner of the room.

"Are you sure you don't want to work for me? You'll look less suspicious like that." Su Yang said to her with a smile on his face.

"I can be your assistant in name," she said.

"As you wish, princess."

Sometime later, someone knocked on the door.

"Come inside." Su Yang said.

"It's me, Manager." Mei Xing entered the room a moment later.

"Hm? Did something happen?" Su Yang asked her, as she rarely leaves the reception desk.

"You have a special guest…" Mei Xing then stepped aside, allowing the handsome middle-aged man behind her into the room.

"Lu Gu of the Peach Blossom Delicacy. I am also an owner of a Medallion of Pleasure, and I decided to stop by when I heard that we have a new medallion holder. Nice to meet you."

Lu Gu politely greeted Su Yang.

"Nice to meet you. Xiao Yang." Su Yang returned the greeting.

And he continued, "How can I help you?"

"Don't mind me. I am just here for a quick introduction today. We can sit down and talk another time."

After saying that, Lu Gu turned around and walked out of the place, leaving Mei Xing speechless.

"What's the Peach Blossom Delicacy? Sounds like a brothel." Su Yang asked afterward.

"Because it is a brothel, one of the best in this city— at least that's what I heard." Mei Xing said.

"They have the prettiest ladies, and they are all highly skilled in the art of pleasure."

"Where did you hear such information?" Su Yang looked at her with raised eyebrows.

"From the ladies in my previous workplaces. They would always talk about the Red Light District and the places they wish to work in, and the Peach Blossom Delicacy is one of them."

Mei Xing then turned to look at Xing Aiying.

"Aren't you that customer asking for room services yesterday? What are you doing in the massage room?" Mei Xing questioned her.

"I am working as his assistant," she casually responded....

"What!" Mei Xing expressed great surprise upon hearing this information.

How could the manager hire another worker without even consulting them first?!

"Sorry, but I didn't get the chance to tell you last night, and I forgot to this morning, since it was a very sudden decision."

"Hello, little sister! You can call me Sister Aiying!" Xing Aiying greeted Mei Xing with a friendly smile.

"M-Mei Xing…" she responded.

"I look forward to working with you, little sister!"

Mei Xing went back to the reception desk shortly after while Xing Aiying went back to her room since Su Yang was receiving his first customer.

At the end of the day, Su Yang explained the situation to the Mei Family.

"That girl I hired turned out to be the daughter of one of my close friends, and she wants to experience working for me for a little, so I hired her."

"I see… That makes more sense." Mei Xing nodded as though she understood the situation.

"Also, she's been suffering from loneliness, so I will stay in the same room as her."Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Although Mei Xing wanted to sleep beside him, she didn't say anything and nodded her head.

Sometime later, Su Yang went to Xing Aiying's room to make up for the time that he's been missing, which will definitely take more than two months to fully compensate.

"Are you sure you want to leave those two alone?" Xing Aiying asked him.

"They seem very dependent on you."

"Yes, and I would even say that they're too dependent on me. I need to teach them to care for themselves in case we cannot stay together in the future."

Xing Aiying then said, "I am a generous sister, so I will sacrifice some of my time with you to let the junior sisters have some time with you once in a while."

"But I will have you to myself for this entire week! This is not debatable!"

"Yes, yes, my little princess." Su Yang said with a smile on his face as he entered the bed with Xing Aiying.

After a long session of cultivation that left them both covered in sweat, Xing Aiying started a conversation with Su Yang.

"Hey, Su Yang… Do you remember that day you came to my family to learn about formations?" She suddenly asked him.

"Of course. You were only a little princess that just started her cultivation at that time, and you would always skip training to bug me to play with you." Su Yang said.

"And I remember how you messed up my parents' relationship by sleeping with my mother, instantly sending the entire family into disarray. You know, my family still hates you even after your 'death'."

"You're still mentioning that? You know it was your mother who seduced me, not the other way around. Your father was also neglecting her, which is the biggest reason she came to me."

"Of course, I know that. If I blamed you, I wouldn't have followed you, right?"

"Speaking of your family, how are they doing? Are they still angry at you for leaving the family?"

"Obviously! There's no way they'd ever forgive me! They still send letters to me every few hundred years just to state their disappointment!"

"What about your mother?"

"Who knows. She's probably still traversing the Four Divine Heavens, something she started doing after divorcing my father." Xing Aiying shrugged in a casual manner.