Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1000: Do You Want to Try It?

"Even though we don't know her situation, I'm sure that my mother is fine. She's a tough one, after all." Xing Aiying said.

She then turned to look at Su Yang and asked him with a solemn expression, "Su Yang… Do you think we will ever return to how we used to be?"

"Of course. Although I don't know when it'll happen, I will try my best to make it happen as soon as possible."

"I look forward to that day," she chuckled.

"Anyways, are you ready for another session? We still have an hour before the store opens."

"Let's do it." Su Yang nodded, and they proceeded to cultivate with each other for the next hour until it was time to open the store.

"Good morning, Manager." Mei Xing greeted him with a wide smile on her face when she noticed him approaching the reception desk right before the store's opening.

"Morning… Hm?" Su Yang stopped walking when he noticed something different about her.

"You have successfully managed to enter the Elementary Spirit Realm? Congratulations on taking your first step towards becoming a true cultivator."

Indeed, Mei Xing had finally managed to comprehend the cultivation technique and become a cultivator last night.

"This is all because of you, Manager! Thank you for giving me this opportunity!" She said.

"How are you feeling?" Su Yang then asked her.

"I am feeling great! In fact, I have never felt any better! My body is gushing with energy! I feel like I can work an entire week without any rest right now!" She exclaimed with an eager face.

Su Yang chuckled and said, "Don't get too excited. Although you have managed to become a cultivator, you still need to rest properly."

Mei Xing nodded, and then she asked, "Manager, what should I do now that I am a cultivator?"

"There's only one thing you can do— continue to cultivate."

"Eh? I still have to cultivate even though I am already a cultivator?" Mei Xing said.

"Of course. Just because you've become a cultivator doesn't mean you can stop cultivating."

"I will teach you more about cultivators later since we have to open the store now."

"Okay!" Mei Xing nodded eagerly.

After opening the store, Su Yang returned to the massage room while Mei Xing greeted the customers.

At the end of the day, after closing the store, Su Yang went to Mei Xing's room and lectured her about cultivators.

"You may have become a cultivator, but you're only at the lowest level. If you want to actually achieve something as a cultivator, you'll need to continue cultivating to increase your levels because at your current level, you're not much different when compared to a mortal who has never cultivated before."

"So I just need to continue cultivating until I reach a sufficient level?"

"Yes, but almost every cultivator will cultivate until they reach their limit."

"How many levels are there in cultivation?" Mei Xing then asked.

"There are five major realms, each consisting of minor realms, and each realm will have 9 total levels. For example, you're currently at the first level of Elementary Spirit Realm, which is the lowest realm."...

"Once you have absorbed enough spiritual energy, you will be able to breakthrough to the second level of Elementary Spirit Realm."

"You will continue this until you reach the ninth level, and once you breakthrough that level, you will enter the next minor realm, which is the Profound Spirit Realm."

Mei Xing's mouth dropped wide open as she listened to Su Yang's lecture on cultivation.

"T-There are so many levels! How long does it usually take for one to increase a single level?" She then asked.

"That will vary from person to person depending on their cultivation talents. Some could take a single day to breakthrough while others might need a week— even month to breakthrough, and the higher you go, the longer it will take for someone to increase a single level."

"Cultivation is a long process that requires a strong will and patience since it will take years upon years, and even then, you might not reach the apex."

"Do you still want to become a cultivator?" Su Yang then asked her.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"I do!" Mei Xing nodded without hesitation.

"Then good luck." Su Yang said to her with a smile.

Although Mei Xing's cultivation talents were subpar at best, he could easily fix that with some heavenly treasures. However, he didn't want to give these treasures to her so early, as he wanted to make sure that she won't suddenly give up on cultivation.

"Thank you, Manager! I will immediately start cultivating right now!" Mei Xing said as she took a seat on the floor and began cultivating.

Mei Ying couldn't help but smile after seeing her daughter acting so eager to cultivate.

Su Yang looked at her and asked, "Do you also want to try cultivating?"

"Me? I don't think I will be a good cultivator." Mei Ying shook her head.

"What makes you think that?" Su Yang then asked.

"I don't think I have the patience for it, and I am already too old to start cultivating. Don't most people start cultivating before they can even run?"

Su Yang chuckled and said, "It'll be fine even if you start late. Only those racing against others would care about such things."

"Even if you say that…" Mei Ying turned to look at Mei Xing and sighed, "I don't think I can sit there all day doing nothing. It seems very boring if you ask me."

"If you think cultivation is boring, why don't you try dual cultivation?" Su Yang suggested.

"Dual… cultivation?" Mei Ying raised her eyebrows in a puzzled manner.

Although she has heard this term many times before, she never really understood the meaning behind it.

"Dual cultivation is when two people embrace each other for the purpose of cultivating, which makes things less boring." Su Yang explained to her.

"You can cultivate in such a manner?" Mei Ying mumbled in a dazed voice.

"Yes."

Su Yang then approached Mei Ying before whispering in her ears, "Do you want to try it?"