Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 985: They’ve Made Up

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Why was Ning Xi here with Lu Tingxiao!?

Guan Ziyao was unable to hide her shocked expression as it was such a sudden revelation. She just stared at both of them.

What was more unbelievable was that as Ning Xi came out of the car, she put her hand in his naturally.

The girl wore the same white sports outfit as Lu Tingxiao’s and her hair was pulled into a ponytail. She rubbed her eyes like she had just woken up.

It was too early for her to wake up that morning, so Ning Xi had reclined the seat and slept in the car, which was why everyone did not see that there was another person on the shotgun seat.

They stood side by side wearing their couple outfit, looking exactly like a love-struck couple…

How was this possible!?

Could they have not broken up?

There was not a trace of argument either!

What had gone wrong?

“M-Ms. Ning, you’re here as well?” Guan Ziyao tried to stay calm as she clenched her fists.

Ning Xi still looked sleepy, so Lu Tingxiao answered in her stead, “She’s on holiday now, so I brought her out to relax.”

“I see…then let’s go, we might not be able to reach the peak before it gets dark.” Guan Ziyao’s expression returned to normal. While she had a lot of questions, she understood that it was not the right time to ask. She was going to wait for the right moment to ask Lu Tingxiao later.

“That woman came too…” Lu Xinyan was disappointed when she saw the both of them in their couple outfit. She really thought that they had broken up!

The others were surprised as well and they discussed among themselves in low voices.

“It doesn’t seem…like they broke up.”

“Maybe they are just pretending?”

“They made up! What’s so weird about it!?”

…

Mo Lingtian did not shift his eyes away from Guan Ziyao the whole time. He clearly saw the change in her expression the moment she saw Ning Xi.

He felt a sharp pain in his heart at the same time he felt suspicious. He had just briefly mentioned it last night, so why did she assume with such confidence that they must have broken up?

Mo Lingtian felt that something was amiss. Was there something he did not know?

With different doubts in each of their minds, they started their journey to the top of the mountain.

Mount Yu Ming was about 3000 meters above sea level. It had beautiful scenery since it was a natural habitat for flora and fauna. One would be able to witness the majestic view of a floor of clouds and various green hills, and after a night of camping at the peak, the view of the sunrise the next morning was sure to be grandiose.

Lu Tingxiao used to come here alone when he wanted to do some training or just to think something through but now, there was someone else with him.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ning Xi still looked really sleepy even after getting out of the car. She just replied to the greetings around her half-heartedly.

Most of the people here were from the same bunch from the last time she had gone to the shooting range. Because of Ning Xi’s performance at the shooting range, their attitude was curious and wary of her but because they were with Lu Tingxiao, they treated her friendly on the surface.