Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1273 – Middle Divine Sea Realm, Large Success

…

…

…

This was an extremely vast and broad continent. Dark seething red magma flowed all over the world and the skies were filled with desolate stars. These stars had surfaces covered with craters, devastating to the eyes.

Lin Ming stood on a tall cliff. The air was filled with the heavy tang of sulfur and flame. The fire origin energy here was rich to an extreme degree, as if the air would start burning up at any moment.

This was the Ancient Phoenix Clan’s best training grounds – the Land of Nirvana.

“How about it? This place is great, right!” Huo Violentstone chuckled from beside Lin Ming.

“It’s a great place.” Lin Ming nodded. This cultivation area was a precious treasure of the Ancient Phoenix Clan. Normally it was reserved for past Patriarchs and Highest Elders; young disciples didn’t have many chances to enter.

“There is a space-time enchantment here. After entering, time slows to a 12:1 rate, so one month outside will be equal to around a year in here. If you cultivate here for 10 days, that will be around four months. Afterwards, we will set off to Vast Universe Great World where the martial field of the finals will be. The timing will be just right.”

“I’ve troubled Elder Huo.” Lin Ming said.

“There’s no need to mention anything useless. Time is of the essence; let’s start now!”

Huo Violentstone took out the small jade bottle of Ancient Phoenix blood essence. Looking at this Ancient Phoenix blood essence, even Huo Violentstone felt greedy. He had never enjoyed such treatment, but Lin Ming was now absorbing over 20 drops at once!

The younger one was, the better they would absorb the Ancient Phoenix blood essence since it was particularly useful when one was stabilizing their foundation. But for an old man like Huo Violentstone, absorbing this Ancient Phoenix blood essence wouldn’t be very useful to him.

“Truly luxurious! But, I guess that since a boy like you has managed to grow this far, you should have come across many lucky chances that were far more extravagant than this.”

Huo Violentstone didn’t need to be a genius to know that Lin Ming had found countless incomparably precious heavenly materials and had secretly used them.

Lin Ming only smiled, not replying. Huo Violentstone was right. Not to mention anything else, but just the supreme dragon bone was far more precious than Ancient Phoenix blood essence.

Huo Violentstone flicked his finger and the small jade bottle exploded. A bead-sized ball of blood slowly floated forwards – this was the condensed form of 20 plus drops of Ancient Phoenix blood essence.

As the Ancient Phoenix blood essence appeared, the surrounding fire origin energy was suddenly stirred up!

This fire origin energy was attracted to that phoenix blood essence, forming a swirling deep red vortex. As this vortex spun into the skies, it created true fire in space.

“What a formidable power of Laws.” Lin Ming exclaimed. This was not the first time he had absorbed Ancient Phoenix blood essence, but last time he had absorbed only a single drop. Now that he was about to absorb over 20 drops, the feeling was completely different. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

He could even see that around every blood cell of the Ancient Phoenix blood essence, slight distortions in space appeared. This was the mighty power of Laws contained within the Ancient Phoenix blood essence!

The power of these Laws originated from the Great Dao Laws that were carved into the very being of a Phoenix God Beast. A God Beast and a human were two completely different life forms. When a human was born, their comprehension of Laws was at nothing, and they would have to completely rely on meditation and their own hard-earned comprehension after birth to perceive the Laws. As for a God Beast, once they were born, the Laws would be engraved into their flesh, their blood, and their bones, becoming an inextricable part of their body. Thus, every single inch of a God Beast was an incomparably precious treasure, especially this phoenix blood essence that contained the condensed life force of the phoenix!

“Prepare yourself. If an ordinary Divine Sea realm martial artist were to withstand over 20 drops of Ancient Phoenix blood essence, they would be scorched to ashes by the terrifying fire energy within. But, this shouldn’t be a problem with your foundation. Even still, it will hurt.”

As Huo Violentstone spoke, he suddenly struck out at Lin Ming. His index finger nail became incomparably sharp as he thrust it towards Lin Ming, piercing through his protective true essence and right into his heart!

Even if Lin Ming was a dual body and energy cultivator and his defensive abilities were amazing, he was nothing but wet paper in front of Huo Violentstone; this was the disparity brought about by the massive difference in cultivation.

“Ready? I will transplant the phoenix blood essence directly into your heart where it will spread through your body via your blood vessels. This is the most thorough way to do so, but it will also cause your heart to be under a tremendous load, because this phoenix blood essence is very heavy!”

A single drop of phoenix blood essence was as heavy as a lake! To move over 20 drops of phoenix blood essence in one’s bloodstream required an incomparably powerful heart.

“I’m ready.” Lin Ming nodded. He had complete confidence in his body.

“Yes!”

Huo Violentstone flicked his finger and the ball of phoenix blood essence turned into a crimson beam of light that instantly sank into Lin Ming’s body. The blood essence flew into his heart where it instantly blazed up like a roaring inferno.

In that moment, Lin Ming felt the immense load brought about by the incomparably heavy blood essence; it nearly caused his heart to stop beating.

“Eight Inner Hidden Gates – Gate of Life, open!”

The Gate of Life was located at the heart; it could directly withstand the power of the phoenix blood essence.

In the instant that Lin Ming opened the Gate of Life, energy erupted from his body. His blood vitality soared to the heavens, and faintly, the phantom of a phoenix and azure dragon appeared behind Lin Ming. His heart began to slowly and heavily beat.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

A heavy heartbeat echoed through the world, like the incessant ringing of a divine drum.

Huo Violentstone looked on from the side, no worry at all on his face. He knew that a monstrous abnormality like Lin Ming would have no problems absorbing 20 plus drops of phoenix blood essence. At most he would be startled, but there would be no life-threatening dangers. Lin Ming’s mortal body had reached incredible degrees of tempering.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Lin Ming’s heartbeat became increasingly powerful and resonant, but it remained just as slow as before. There was one or two breaths of time between every heartbeat, but every heartbeat sent a massive amount of fresh blood through his body.

Hu hu hu – !

Heaven and earth origin energy howled. A massive amount of fire energy was attracted to Lin Ming, spinning around him in a tornado of fire origin energy.

Phoenix blood essence constantly pumped out into his blood vessels from his heart, fusing into his body in a sublime matter, as if fire itself was circulating through Lin Ming.

A fierce and wild will followed it, shrouding over Lin Ming. In that moment, everything around him disappeared, leaving him in a vast and endless space. He saw a Phoenix God Beast atop a divine tree, burning in an inferno of flames.

This was an indescribably titanic tree!

The tree stood 10,000 miles tall. The branches were ancient and humble, stretching out to infinity, able to hold up even asteroids. Every leaf that fell into the water below turned into a giant island. Its roots penetrated through the entire planet, piercing deep into the burning magma at the center of the world and absorbing energy there!

This was a massive divine parasol tree. A divine parasol tree that was able to suck dry all the burning heat within a planet that was hundreds of millions of miles wide!

A 1000 mile wide phoenix perched atop this massive divine parasol tree.

This thousand mile long phoenix landed atop this divine parasol tree, bathing in the fires of nirvana!

In that moment, a dreadful wave of flames swept through the entire planet, turning the entire world into a sea of fire.

This was an apocalyptic scene. Lin Ming also knew that these were the memories of the Phoenix God Beast contained within the 20 plus drops of blood essence he had absorbed.

In these memories were also comprehensions of the Laws.

As Lin Ming was immersed in these memories, he seemed to become the incarnation of a phoenix, looking down from its perspective over all existences in the world. Within the boundless sea of fire, he saw the flowing fire origin energy, the circulation of the Fire Laws, and even the tiniest atomic structures where the two yin and yang particles interacted to produce all five elements…

This strange and mystical scene continued for an unknown amount of time. Suddenly, Lin Ming awoke from this chaotic state of mind. In the instant his eyes popped open, one could clearly see bright flames reflected within them.

His Fire Laws, during this period of enlightenment, had steadily entered the boundary of Virtual Fire and were approaching large success of Virtual Fire.

To have such attainments in the Laws at just over 30 years of age was extremely rare. Of course, someone like Dragon Fang with a cheat-like method of perception was not included in this; his comprehension of the Laws was far higher than Lin Ming’s.

“Three days! This period of enlightenment has taken three days. It seems you’ve made some good comprehensions. Your cultivation is also at large success of the middle Divine Sea realm. As long as you use a bit more time to accumulate then you will reach the peak of the middle Divine Sea!”

As Lin Ming was undergoing enlightenment, Huo Violentstone had been sitting beside him the entire time.

Lin Ming took a deep breath and the air he inhaled gathered into two streams that danced in the air. In terms of his inner world, it had expanded once more. Lin Ming’s cultivation was currently rapidly developing; his previous accumulations had been far too deep.

“Okay, I’ll train to the peak of the middle Divine Sea realm and then attend the finals of the Divine Realm First Martial Meeting!”

At this time, Lin Ming was burning with excitement! He was impatient to battle powerful enemies on the martial field and experience their strength. In these past days, he realized that Empyrean Vast Universe’s disciples weren’t considered too outstanding. The far stronger Frost Dream and Xiao Moxian were disciples of other Empyreans.