Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1821 – Exterminating Myriad Ghost

…

…

…

As the Essence Spirit Embryo Stone and Soul Springs Divine Embryo joined forces, their strength multiplied to incredibly powerful levels. Moreover, Lin Ming’s two avatars did not fear death and their defensive abilities were astonishing. When attacking an enemy, they only went on the offensive, without any thoughts of defending.

The void was torn apart like rags and endless ghosts were annihilated. Empyrean Myriad Ghost felt his blood vitality tumbling within his body even as an intense pain struck his spiritual sea.

And in this moment, Lin Ming’s main body also attacked. His speed reached extreme levels. He shot through the energy storm that surrounded Empyrean Myriad Ghost and thrust out his spear!

Bang!

Lin Ming had poured the entirety of his strength into this strike.

Within his body, the Asura blood boiled over! Infinite Asura Laws erupted from within him, roaring like 10,000 God Beasts!

“Damn it!”

Empyrean Myriad Ghost’s face twisted into a grotesque image. He thrust out his palm, and from it a hand-sized ghost streamer flew out. This ghost streamer rose through the wind, quickly growing to ten feet in size. From the ghost streamer, countless ghosts wailed together.

This was the billion ghost streamer that Empyrean Myriad Ghost had personally refined. There were a billion ghosts sealed within it!

The Black Dragon Spear smashed into this ghost streamer like an endless bolt of thunder. Innumerable ghosts instantly died within the ghost streamer!

Chi-la!

The sound of ripping fabric filled the air.

The Black Dragon Spear continued with overwhelming force; it pierced right through the ghost streamer!

A violent surge of energy washed out. The billion ghost streamer was torn apart by the Black Dragon Spear!

“What!?” DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Empyrean Myriad Ghost’s eyes turned red. Lin Ming’s mighty strength had completely surpassed his imagination.

He watched as the Black Dragon Spear was about to pierce through his body. And because of Lin Ming’s two avatars attacking him, Empyrean Myriad Ghost had already used up his moves and was yet to recover. It was impossible for him to resist this attack.

In this critical life or death moment, Empyrean Myriad Ghost gave up all thoughts of avoiding. Rather, he stretched out a demonic claw and slashed at Lin Ming’s chest!

“Junior, if you want to kill me then I’ll crush your heart!”

Lin Ming’s eyes were cold and resolute. He ignored Empyrean Myriad Ghost’s threat and welcomed the ghastly claws. His spear stabbed forwards without hesitation!

In that instant, the Asura blood surged within him. The power of Asura gathered at his chest, forming a layer of solid black scales.

Puff!

Lin Ming’s Black Dragon Spear thrust through Empyrean Myriad Ghost’s protective spirit essence as if it were tofu. Then, it penetrated through his chest, causing blood to spew out!

At the same time, Empyrean Myriad Ghost’s sharp claws also crashed into Lin Ming’s chest.

The black scales shattered and blood flew in all directions. Lin Ming’s chest was torn up by Empyrean Myriad Ghost, with several ribs breaking!

“How…”

Although Empyrean Myriad Ghost had torn apart Lin Ming’s chest, his eyes still filled with an incredulous light. His demon claws were the pinnacle of sharpness. Moreover, the corrosive power of the Poison Laws also coated his claws. In the outside world in a situation where his cultivation wasn’t suppressed, if his claws struck something then even an ordinary Empyrean spirit treasure would lose a great deal of its spiritual power and be severely damaged.

And even though this claw was suppressed by the Laws, it still possessed a heaven-defying attack power. Yet, Empyrean Myriad Ghost hadn’t been able to thrust his claw into Lin Ming’s chest and grab his heart. Lin Ming’s mortal body was as hard as divine iron.

“You’ve already used your moves and it’s impossible for this hasty attack of yours to break through my defenses.”

If this were Empyrean Myriad Ghost’s all out strike, then Lin Ming wouldn’t have been able to resist it with his body even if he revolved the Asura blood to its limits. But, this hasty attack was something he could defend against.

“You’re finished!”

Lin Ming grasped the Black Dragon Spear, pouring a wild amount of strength into it. For a time, above Empyrean Myriad Ghost’s body, the wound caused by the Black Dragon Spear suddenly began spinning, becoming a dark black hole.

Within this hole, a massive vortex shined with a black light, emitting a strange mystic strength that swallowed all.

Empyrean Myriad Ghost’s face distorted. He revolved his energy to the limit to resist the corrosion of this black light and force the Black Dragon Spear out from his body.

But as soon as he tried, his body violently shook. He turned around.

Behind him, two figures had appeared like ghosts and gods. The dense cold light of their weapons reflected on his body; it was too late to dodge!

Puff! Puff!

Two sharp weapons pierced through flesh. Behind Empyrean Myriad Ghost, the black-clothed Lin Ming and purple-clothed Lin Ming had attacked together. A golden spear and a purple sword thrust out, piercing through Empyrean Myriad Ghost’s body!

Blood gushed out. Empyrean Myriad Ghost had been simultaneously struck by three weapons, and these three weapons were all held by three different Lin Mings.

This scene was truly alarming!

“I… I…” Empyrean Myriad Ghost vomited a great mouthful of blood. The endless Ghost Laws on his body fluttered out, trying to resist that horrifying black light. But no matter what he tried, it didn’t matter. Beneath the corrosion of the black light, his body began to slowly disintegrate.

In the Akashic Dream Battlefield, the feeling of dying was the same as in reality. As an Empyrean, when would Empyrean Myriad Ghost have experienced such a feeling? As he stared at Lin Ming, his eyes clouded over with disbelief.

He had been defeated beneath the hands of a junior! How could he accept this!?

“I hate you! If my cultivation hadn’t been suppressed, I would have slaughtered you like a dog!”

As Empyrean Myriad Ghost spoke, blood spewed out from between his lips. Lin Ming coldly poured more energy into the Black Dragon Spear. Fissures began to appear all over Empyrean Myriad Ghost’s body, dripping with blood.

Ka ka ka!

Empyrean Myriad Ghost’s body continually broke down. Soon, with a loud explosive sound, Empyrean Myriad Ghost’s body burst into an endless cloud of blood that rained to the ground.

After several breaths of time, in the place where Empyrean Myriad Ghost had existed, all that remained was a hazy blood mist as well as the tattered remnants of ghost energy…

Like this, an Empyrean of his generation had disappeared from the Akashic Dream Battlefield.

Watching from the sidelines, the entire audience of martial artists fell silent.

This human had killed an Empyrean!

In the Akashic Dream Battlefield, the strongest existence was an Empyrean. To kill an Empyrean proved that Lin Ming was invincible within the Akashic Dream Battlefield!

Who was he!?

“Devil!”

Some people cried out in fear, as if no one in this world was a match for this human.

The disciples of Zenith Palace had already lost all ability to speak. The strongest Highest Elder of Zenith Palace was only an ordinary World King, and amidst ordinary World Kings he was amongst the weaker ones. Even so, to them, a World King was a lofty and unattainable existence.

As for a Great World King, that was no different from a spiritual god to them. And an Empyrean… that was something they could not imagine. With a wave of a hand, an Empyrean could destroy a trillion lives.

Yet such an existence had been killed by this human junior! Even in the Akashic Dream Battlefield where cultivations were suppressed by the Laws, they simply couldn’t wrap their minds around this.

In their impression, an Empyrean should never be defeated.

In particular, what they couldn’t accept the most was that not too long ago, Lin Ming was still in their Zenith Palace. Many people had shouted at Lin Ming and Yi Fan had vowed to take revenge against him.

As they recalled that scene, the disciples of Zenith Palace suddenly developed ugly complexions. Why had this human appeared at Zenith Palace?

“I suspect that… the space storm at the Great Desolate Glacier… was likely caused by this Lin Muk…”

The Zenith Vice Palace Master suddenly said, causing the several Elders of Zenith Palace to shrink their necks and a cold chill to crawl up their backs. That terrifying space storm had sheared off a million glaciers and all of this was because of this junior…

Thinking about it, this was extremely likely. Otherwise, how could there be such a coincidence that he would appear there and at that time?

“No matter what, he is only a traveler. He should have been severely wounded and temporarily rested at Zenith Palace. In truth, he has no feelings towards Zenith Palace and will eventually depart on his own…”

Jaderiver suddenly said, a hint of sadness in her voice. She was a woman whose heart was higher than the heavens. But as she saw Lin Ming who was destined to leave them and who also possessed such incredible achievements, she couldn’t help but develop a sense of inferiority...

……

At this moment, Lin Ming grasped the Black Dragon Spear, his entire body stained red with blood. Countless scattered ghost spirits wound around him, continuing to emit their last sobs and howls. Standing in the midst of all this, Lin Ming resembled a death god. For everyone present, this was a sight that they would never forget in their lifetimes.

“It’s over. I’ve killed an Empyrean!”

At this time, Lin Ming held his token, feeling it grow hotter and hotter. All sorts of emotions surged in his body.

This was the first time that Lin Ming had struck down an Empyrean, and he was also a middle ranked Empyrean!

Although his cultivation was suppressed, killing him had made Lin Ming excited to the point of trembling.

He desired strength far too much!

With the great calamity imminent, Lin Ming needed the ability to at least contend with an Empyrean. Only then would he be able to play a minor role in the great calamity.

And even this goal seemed extremely distant for Lin Ming.

The token grew increasingly hot, as if it would melt down.

The merit points grew at a mind-boggling pace!

Lin Ming watched as his merit points rapidly rose. In a short time, they almost doubled in number!

After killing an Empyrean, the merit points Lin Ming obtained were equal to the sum total from everyone else he had killed so far!

Lin Ming took a deep breath, a fervent light in his eyes.

At this time, his chest was also bleeding. But the blood vitality had already gathered there, slowly regenerating the wound caused by Empyrean Myriad Ghost.

As those below watched this, they had no idea what to say.

Not only did this human have incredible combat strength, but his recovery abilities were also dreadful. He was simply a God Beast in human form, perhaps even more abnormal than a God Beast!

In the future, once he grew, just how terrifying would he become?

At this time, Lin Ming swallowed a pill. The reason he had taken an attack to kill Empyrean Myriad Ghost was in truth to force the battle to a quick end. To him, suffering some injuries wasn’t much at all, because his regenerative capabilities were amazing.

Rather, consuming a massive amount of energy was the most dangerous scenario for Lin Ming.

He didn’t want to be exhausted of energy in such a dangerous environment. After all, there was still an existence in the Akashic Dream Battlefield that could threaten him.

If he retained his strength, then even if he couldn’t defeat the enemy he could still escape. But if he exhausted all of his energy and was killed by this person, then that would be the same as gifting himself to others.

“An Empyrean is truly formidable…”

Lin Ming recalled the battle. In terms of Laws alone, he was slightly inferior to Empyrean Myriad Ghost. He had relied on other aspects to win.

“If I wasn’t facing Empyrean Myriad Ghost but Sheng Mei, then even if our cultivations were suppressed to the same boundary, I could not face her…” Lin Ming quickly judged his own strength. Just because he had been able to crush the Undying Polar Ice’s frozen egg didn’t mean that he was equivalent to Sheng Mei at the same cultivation boundary.