Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1912 – Black Hole Disintegration

…

… Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

…

“You are seeking death!”

Seeing Empyrean Primordius hurtle towards him, the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign began to panic.

Even if he was stronger, having to control the incomparably powerful Grandmist Spirit Bead black hole to attack the divine natural sealing space had caused him to exhaust all of his energy.

This was an Asura Decree, a Beyond Divinity level treasure. How could it be easy to break through it?

Yet, in this crucial moment, Empyrean Primordius intended to strike him at his weakest. The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign didn’t have any methods to deal with Empyrean Primordius’ attacks!

At this time, a savage killing intent burst out from Empyrean Primordius’ eyes. He brought his arms together, his two bone blades extended outwards. The dark and dense blades shined with a cold divine light, slashing straight towards the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s throat!

And the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign wasn’t able to block this attack!

The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign was enraged to the peak. He was clearly far stronger than Empyrean Primordius, and the ancient remnant races were nothing but bugs he didn’t place in his eyes. And yet this crowd of bug-like existences had forced him to this step.

There was no road to heaven, no gates to the earth!

Die!

Empyrean Primordius had already recklessly burnt his blood essence. With his original mortal bodily strength, after burning the entirety of his blood essence he should have been able to rival a True Divinity, and now he was even supported with the Asura Decree – the word of Faith!

Empyrean Primordius’ body was covered in black flames. Wherever he went, the void was shattered, everything was crushed!

Empyrean Primordius’ strike could not be blocked by an ordinary True Divinity. The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign was naturally capable of blocking such a strike, but now he didn’t have the strength to do so!

Seeing the bone blade soon about to slice through his throat, the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign fiercely grit his teeth and desperately attacked!

Crack! Crack! Crack!

He howled into the heavens. Scales formed all over his body. In this life or death moment, the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign had activated his body metamorphosis!

The saints were a body transformation focused race that was also divided by the quality of their bloodlines. Amongst the saints, martial artists with formidable bloodlines could metamorphosize their bodies, galvanizing their greatest strength.

The Good Fortune Saint Son and Imperial Prince Naqi were examples.

But the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign could not remember how many years it had been since he had used his bloodline power to activate body metamorphosis. This was because he simply never needed it.

In his ordinary state, he was almost the greatest powerhouse of the 33 Heavens.

After fusing together with Famine, he was nearly invincible!

The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign never would have dreamed there would be a day when he would be forced to use his body transformation by a bunch of ants!

“Get out of my way!”

The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign exploded into a roar, his fast smashing outwards!

His fist was covered with scales and his muscles bulged out like the claws of a dragon.

This fist broke apart the void, colliding with Empyrean Primordius’ bone blades!

Kacha!

With a loud crack, the bone blades shattered!

Even if this was a hasty blow, the strike of the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign possessed unimaginable power!

However, the moment the fractured bone blades shattered, they still tore through the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s protective astral essence and stabbed into his chest.

At the same time, the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s fist smashed into Empyrean Primordius’ chest.

Bang!

Empyrean Primordius’ towering figure violently shook. His ribs caved in and he spat out blood as he was sent flying backwards!

The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s strike had heavily wounded Primordius, but his mortal body had been stabbed by Empyrean Primordius’ bone blade. Moreover, because the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign had to stop what he was doing to attack Primordius, the Grandmist Spirit Bead black hole began to spin out of control!

Whorl whorl whorl!

The pitch black surface of the black hole violently clashed with the divine natural sealing space. A horrifying tide of energy burst outward!

Because the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign didn’t want to give Empyrean Primordius or the ancient remnant races any chance to escape, he had poured all his energy into the Grandmist Spirit Bead to send out an attack. This terrifying black hole could ruin a galaxy; its strength was beyond powerful.

The power that the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign cast out was absorbed into the black hole, causing it to accumulate more and grow larger. Within, dangerous streams of power grinded against each other, squeezing each other…

Now that he had lost control of the black hole, the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s complexion changed. He could feel the strength within the black hole begin to contract inwards, causing massive tracts of space to collapse and implode.

This entire process was like the explosion of a universe, the terrifying contraction that occurred after it had expanded to its limits.

It had to be known that every wisp of power within the black hole was highly tempered and incredibly pure. It was extremely terrifying.

The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s complexion became increasingly ugly. Once the strength sealed within the black hole was reduced to the peak, it would then explode. The following annihilating strength would create unimaginable destruction.

This was the same as dozens of the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s attacks together. It simply could not be withstood.

“Grandmist Spirit Bead – reverse!”

The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s complexion was fierce. He roused the power of the Grandmist Spirit Bead with all of his strength, trying to reverse the energies within and neutralize the black hole.

Excessive consumption of energy caused all of the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s blood vessels to bulge upwards and burst open. At this time he was completely overdrawing on his strength!

He forcefully sucked all of this collapsing energy into the Grandmist Spirit Bead.

However, wasn’t wanting to neutralize all of the energy in a black hole on the verge of explosion easier said than done, especially in such a short period of time? The current Good Fortune Saint Sovereign was now a spent force.

Rumble rumble rumble!

After being neutralized by the Grandmist Spirit Bead, the black hole didn’t explode. But, it started to break apart. In this case, waves of energy still shot outwards!

They were like arrows, each wisp capable of crushing celestial bodies!

Woosh!

Black fluctuations of energy crashed into Famine.

The mountainous expanse of flesh and blood seemed to have been cut open by the blade of a divine god. In an instant, dreadful wounds as deep as canyons formed on Famine’s body.

Another energy fluctuation passed over Famine, severing seven or eight of its bone dragon tentacles.

Woosh! Woosh! Woosh!

Waves of black hole power slashed through the void. Famine had suffered heavy damage!

“Ahh!”

The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign howled! His hair was disheveled and his body was dyed in blood. He simply couldn’t deal with the stormy power of this black hole.

If this continued, then Famine would suffer inconceivable damages.

This was because the black hole power possessed a swallowing attribute. It would drain a massive amount of Famine’s blood essence!

The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign bit down on the tip of his tongue and black light rose in his pupils. The pure source power of a True Divinity began to gush out from him.

As this source power appeared, even the universe started to shake. Countless lines of the Great Dao gathered and the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s aura changed. Even his astral essence turned pure gold in color.

In that moment, with the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign as the center, a terrifying energy vortex arose within the universe. For billions and trillions of miles around, all of the power of good fortune began gathering towards the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign!

This strength was not just heaven and earth origin energy, but all sorts of power from the world.

Heat, light, small ions, interstellar dust, everything began converging on the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign!

This was the Good Fortune Divine Art, the technique to seize the power of good fortune! The so-called good fortune was the sum of all matter and life besides intelligent life forms. By drawing out the power of good fortune within the universe for an attack, the power behind this ability could be imagined!

This was an incomparably overbearing and tyrannical cultivation method. The Good Fortune Saint Son had once used it to contend with Lin Ming, but now that it was displayed in the hands of the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign, the might of the Good Fortune Divine Art was beyond terrifying!

With the support of the Good Fortune Divine Art, beams of golden astral essence gathered around Famine, forming a giant circular golden shield!

Within this shield, small figures floated up and down; these were the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s True Divinity incarnations.

Each small figure represented a wisp of the universe’s source strength, perfect and without flaw.

The moment that the Grandmist Spirit Bead began to veer out of control and the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign wasn’t able to divide his attention too much, he didn’t hesitate to use his source strength with the Good Fortune Divine Art. This round golden shield was a peerless martial skill from the Good Fortune Divine Art – Myriad Spirit Creation Shield.

The Myriad Spirit Creation Shield began to shine. An old and distant radiance emanated outwards as sounds of the Great Dao filled the air.

It was like a most precious treasure had appeared from the birthing of the cosmos, representing eternity and immortality.

Rumble rumble rumble!

The violent black hole strength smashed against the Myriad Spirit Creation Shield, colliding and erasing each other.

Massive amounts of source strength dissipated, however the impact wasn’t able to reach the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign.

But at this moment, the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign had also consumed a tremendous amount of his source strength and greatly overdrawn himself. His fused body of Famine was already cut and pitted, with massive and alarming fissures crossing it.

Even so, there were still those bone dragon tentacles that wrapped around the Ark of Hope!

Over half of them had been cut off, but there were still a dozen some of them that tenaciously clung to the spirit ship!

Although the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign could have withdrawn his bone dragon tentacles to help himself defend, he would rather suffer heavier injuries than allow the Ark of Hope to escape.

He didn’t want to let the ancient remnant races flee, especially Lin Ming!

The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign had a dark uneasiness in his heart. He had to kill Lin Ming as soon as possible, but the speed he was growing at was far too fast!

This time, he had suffered a giant loss. Although it seemed that it was because the ancient remnant races had joined together with Empyrean Primordius, the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign had a strange premonition that in this battle, Lin Ming had played an irreplaceable role.

He needed to kill this human youth. He could not allow him to freely grow. He could not even give him the smallest chance!

“You… die for me!”

The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign’s face distorted. His mouth was wet with blood!

He reached out his right hand and grasped towards the Ark of Hope!

With explosive cracking sounds, the 20 plus bone dragon tentacles around the Ark of Hope began to wildly contract, constantly crushing down on the Ark of Hope’s protective shield. Even though the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign had been heavily wounded, he still had more than enough power to smash the Ark of Hope and the ancient remnant races to pieces!

The Ark of Hope’s energy reserves rapidly fell!

Through the successive attacks and counterattacks, the Ark of Hope had already used up over half its energy. In this situation, the Ark of Hope wasn’t able to last much longer. As for the Good Fortune Saint Sovereign, although he was exhausted, a starving camel was still larger than a horse. The vitality of Famine was strong to the point of disbelief!

“Die!”

The Good Fortune Saint Sovereign roared out. But at this time, he saw a black shadow fly through a massive wound in his body and… drill into it.