Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1008: Turbulence

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Peculiar?” Jian Wushuang asked in return, confused.

“The Sword Principle you created seems like a cluttered blend of several different Sword Principles. It may be a Sword Principle you created on your own, the Sword Principle seems nevertheless a tad chaotic.” The Gu King said.

“Chaotic?” Jian Wushuang murmured in stunned silence. Even so, he could understand the reason for the Gu King’s opinion.

Having created the Sword Principle himself, yet even he knew neither what to call it nor how should he name it.

The Sword Principle was forged by fusing the several styles of the many Sword Principles from the scroll, embodying the differing doctrines of several Sword Principles. It should be expected that the Sword Principle would most undoubtedly be disorganized.

“I agree, it is chaotic now. But this Sword Principle can be greatly improved when I am fully able to completely coalesce all the Swords Principles as one.” Jian Wushuang remarked earnestly.

“Well… There is a sense in forging a brand new Sword Principle by integrating hundreds or even thousands of Sword Principles. Nevertheless, no one can truly tell if this Sword Principle can still be enhanced into your strongest Sword Principle.” The Gu King said.

“Patience.” Jian Wushuang said, smiling. “This is but merely my first time. I will learn the ropes gradually.”

Jian Wushuang was rather delighted that he had finally created a Sword Principle of his own. He would ponder on the rest when the time was ripe.

“It may be a most ordinary Sword Principle, but with its creation came the power that now elevates my power. At last, I truly possess a Dao Master’s battle strength at the pinnacle of Rank Three.”

Jian Wushuang smiled, feeling pleased with himself before he turned to his side. “Qing Bin.”

“Master.” Qing Bin acknowledged.

Qing Bin appeared before Jian Wushuang, towering at more than three meters tall, clad in armor of crimson scarlet.

For fifteen years, Qing Bin had tirelessly followed Jian Wushuang everywhere, accommodating to Jian Wushuang’s whimsical and sporadic delays during the journey that have cost them substantial time. Still, Qing Bin had always been loyal and respectful to Jian Wushuang without complaint.

Never once he had forgotten that it was Jian Wushuang who saved him from the gladiators’ arena. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Is that the territory of the Rock Demon Clan just ahead, Qing Bin” Jian Wushuang asked.

“Indeed, Master. We will be within the territory after crossing over this plain.” Qing Bin answered.

“Very well, we should continue without delay then.” Jian Wushuang said.

“Yes, Master.” Qing Bin replied. There was a hint of delight and joy in his voice.

With that, Jian Wushuang and Qing Bin set off immediately, crossing over the pasture of meadows and reach the lands of the Rock Demon Clan.

“Soon, I will finally return to my population!”

As they venture closer and closer in the direction of the bastion of the Rock Demon Clan, Qing Bin grew more and more excited, with a noticeable spring of delight in his steps. Even Jian Wushuang could feel the joy radiating from him.

But they had only just reached the lands of the Clan, when…

“Boom! Boom!”

The clamor and bedlam of battle and carnage could be heard from afar. From a distance, Jian Wushuang could see that there were fighting and bloodshed from where he stood.

There were dozens of people of opposing factions fighting in the battle.

The warriors of one faction were quite large in built. Even the shortest one was more than two meters tall. The titanic giants attacked violently in a crude and clumsy fashion, in great part, due to their awfully strong physique. Nonetheless, they evidently weaker in number.

The other faction had more than twenty men, all of whom were of the Eternal Realm and one-third of them had reached its peak. Despite being weaker in brute strength and defensive capabilities, these men were more agile and nimble in their movements and maneuvers.

The battle waged brutally between both sides, with the giants at an absolute disadvantage.

“Kill them all!”

“The entire Rock Demon Clan must die!”

“Leave none of them alive!”

A peal of harsh roars came from the battlefield, the tremors of the pandemonium shaking even the heaven and earth.

Jian Wushuang and Qing Bin came closer to the site of battle. Another group of over a dozen men joined in the battle; they were apparently the reinforcements of the smaller and more agile group. Already suffering a hard-fought battle, the side of the Rock Demon Clan were immediately being subdued and trampled in an instant.

“Oh, no!”

Seeing this, Qing Bin turned angry and furious, his eyes flared with murderous rage. He cursed, “Damned Black Python Clan.”

“Those are my kin, Master Wushuang, the people of the Rock Demon Clan. They are in danger. I need to help them right now.” As he spoke, Qing Bin hurled himself forward.

Jian Wushuang stood motionless, merely watching as his eyes slightly narrowed.

The aura of Qing Bin erupted in its fullness. His long adventures in the outside world and the many life-and-death fights at the gladiators’ arena had welled within him a blend of brooding anger, remorse, resentment and hate. These emotions helped shape the savage and violent aura that he unleashed, sweeping forth like a ripple of shockwave and instantly overwhelming everyone at the site of the battle. With the unexpected appearance of Qing Bin who had returned, looks of relief and hope filled the faces of his kins of the Rock Demon Clan.

“You are… Qing Bin?”

“It’s Brother Qing Bin. It’s Brother Qing Bin!”

“Quick, Qing Bin! Stop them!”

But the enemies from the other faction, the Black Python Clan, merely sneer mockingly at the sight of Qing Bin’s appearance.

“Qing Bin? That is a name we have long heard before. It’s said that he was once well known within the Rock Demon Clan. However, he vanished afterward. There were rumors that he had left for an adventure. But I didn’t expect his return. Nevertheless, there is nothing that a lone giant of the Eternal Realm can do to defy our might!”

“Hmph! Qing Bin returns to seek his own doom!”

“Say no more, just butcher him along with the rest!”

Several warriors of the Black Python Clan immediately threw themselves at Qing Bin

Qing Bin’s strength was at the peak of the Eternal Realm. No one here could hope to be able to match him in strength in single combat.

But there were simply just too many enemies against him like a lone tree trying its best to weather a horrific storm. The warriors of the Black Python Clan were all of the Eternal Realm too. Any three of them who wielded strengths at the peak of the Eternal Realm could easily subdue Qing Bin. The tide of battle had hardly shifted even with Qing Bin’s arrival.

“So life is also turbulent even in the lands of the Rock Demon Clan…” Jian Wushuang murmured. Noticing his cue to act, his figure shimmered abruptly and he directly appeared at the center of the battle.

His sudden leap into the fray shocked and surprised everyone.

“Another one?”

“But he seems different… is he not from the Rock Demon Clan?”

“Pay no heed! Just slaughter him along with others!”

Burning deeply in a fit of bloodlust, several warriors of the Black Python Clan rushed over at once to attack Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang shot them a sharp look with a cold gaze and opened his mouth suddenly.

“Get lost!”

He emitted so angry a roar that held tremendous Ancient God Powers which were immediately dispersed like a powerful wave of force that swept across the site of battle.

Everyone ceased their movements in astonishment and bewilderment.

The kinsmen of the Rock Demon Clan all looked at Jian Wushuang with awe. Panic rose from their hearts.

At the same time, the marauders from the Black Python Clan clutched and clawed at their eyes and ears in agony as they crumbled to the ground, wailing and crying in pain. Blood trickled out of their damaged ears and eyes. None of them were dead, but the people from the Black Python Clan were all shocked, discombobulated and paralyzed by this angry roar.

“R-Retreat! Retreat now!”

The chieftain of the Black Python Clan, a warrior of the Eternal Realm himself, howled a harsh cry, signaling the withdrawal of his men. None of them dared to remain as they fled back to where they came from miserably. Some ventured a final glimpse of fear and terror at Jian Wushuang as they leave, hoping a final glance at the person who had effortlessly routed them with a mere roar that struck despair and panic into them.