Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1076: Hero of the Battle!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Being in the Exceptional Realm of the Celestial Master, every one of them was a top expert in Green Fire World.

Every single one of had the strength to shake the entire Green Fire World.

If the mad and capable Empyrean Patriarch should be facing a Celestial Master in Exceptional Realm, he could only run.

In the realm of Celestial Master, a small gap meant a world of difference.

Right now, Celestial Master Ku Xin acted and incited a terrifying aura. The crowd gasped simultaneously.

Shoo!

Celestial Master Ku Xin dashed forward and then was already in front of Jian Nantian. He wore a pair of red gloves, with glowing red energy surrounding him. Moreover, a spectral image of Exotic Beast more than 3,000 meters high rose up behind him.

The spectral image looked eccentric, demonic, and seductive. It really was that of a heavenly monster.

“Blood Talon!”

Celestial Master Ku Xin snarled and reached out his paws surrounded by red energy fast like a lightning.

Splash! The world seemed to be torn apart; spatial turbulence burst out.

The moment Celestial Master Ku Xin waved his palm, the giant heavenly monster spectral image attacked.

It was fast and overwhelming.

Jian Nantian remained indifferent. Only when the spectral image’s paws approached him did he bother to brandish his sword.

His move was simple and slow, but hit exactly in the center of the paw.

Clang!

Massive energy split like sparks.

Jian Nantian shattered the blood red paws. However, at the moment, the heavenly monster spectral image behind Celestial Master Ku Xin looked up. Its eyes flashed with bizarre lights, hypnotically.

“Illusion Skill?”

Jian Nantian faintly smiled, remained still, and looked into the spectral image’s eyes. The heavenly monster had cast a strong spell on him, but Jian Nantian felt nothing at all.

Splash!

A scarlet palm broke through the Void in front of Jian Nantian, and was coming right at the latter’s heart.

Jian Nantian did not even lift a finger. However, just as the scarlet palm was about to touch him, he struck back with his long sword.

“Have I failed to bewitch him with my heavenly monster Illusion Skill?”

A slight trace of fear flashed in the Celestial Master’s eyes. Immediately, he retracted his palm and opened his mouth. Simultaneously, the spectral image behind him opened its mouth as well.

Moo! Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The heavenly monster let out a weird roar, rippling through the air.

This time, it was a Sound Wave Attack.

The two Celestial Master in Exceptional Realm was tangled in a fierce fight; the entire world could hear them.

On another battlefield, the battle between Jian Wushuang and Celestial Master Winter Whistle was drawing to an end.

“Explode!”

Jian Wushuang snarled and released the full power of the trembling Blood Mountain Sword in his hand.

The biggest hit, Bladed Surge!

Bump!

With a long deep sound, the remaining power hit Celestial Master Winter Whistle. The Dao Master shook with a pale face, blood gushing out from his mouth.

“Die!”

Jian Wushuang hacked with his Blood Mountain Sword.

He swordsmanship was in full swing.

Increasingly lightning fast sword shadows swooshed past toward Celestial Master Winter Whistle.

Celestial Master Winter Whistle warded them off, but only for a few strokes. Shortly after, he was defeated back like a Flowing Light. When he reached the camp of the Ancient Demon Clan, he decided to stop.

The scene left many people in awe. However, quite a few of them expected this.

One must know that a month before, during the Supervisor’s inauguration ceremony, Jian Wushuang had defeated Celestial Master Lei Yi.

In terms of strength, Celestial Master Lei Yi was even more capable than Celestial Master Winter Whistle.

If Jian Wushuang could beat Celestial Master Lei Yi, it was natural for him to beat Celestial Master Winter Whistle.

“Run!”

When Celestial Master Winter Whistle ran off, Jian Wushuang could not help but scorned.

If a medium Celestial Master decided to run, Jian Wushuang was unable to hold them back.

Then, Jian Wushuang beamed himself into another battlefield, where his Slaughter Body fought the Silver-armored Ancient God.

Without Blood-killing Plate Armor and Blood Mountain Sword, his Slaughter Body fell short of his World Body. Thus, it got engaged in a fight where it had been held down the Silver-armored Ancient God. However, when his World Body arrived…

Two Original Bodies joined forces to leave the Silver-armored Ancient God nowhere to go.

Bump!

Breaking all resistance, a giant gold finger full of Ancient God Power poked at the Silver-armored Ancient God. Finally, the god lost all its strength and the human figure. The nine Ancient God Guards spat out blood and withdrew from the battlefield.

Jian Wushuang’s two Original Bodies had completely defeated both Celestial Master Winter Whistle and the Ancient God Battle Formation.

“In fights between Celestial Masters, usual Dao Masters don’t stand a chance. Now that I’ve taken down two Celestial Masters of the Ancient Demon Clan. I’ll leave the rest to you, father.”

His two bodies were joined into one. He stood under the sky with a longsword on his back, looking into the battle in the distance.

He knew that today he merely needed to get rid of some small bumps for his father. He only needed to deal with the rest Celestial Masters and left Celestial Master Ku Xin to his father.

His father was the hero of the battle!

Buzz!

A soaring Killing Intent rose up.

A red cloud emerged on Celestial Master Ku Xin, at the same time, the spectral image was also covered in the cloud. Moreover, the spectral image’s eyes turned scarlet as well.

Then, Celestial Master Ku Xin moved.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

He struck for nine times; every blow was able to destroy a elementary Celestial Master.

The nine paws came at Jian Nantian’s head at an ultra-fast speed.

Still, Jian Nantian brandished his sword casually, nine times in a row.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The paw and sword clashed. All nine blows of paw were warded off, during which Jian Nantian did not even move his feet.