Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1132: Battle Invitation!

Translator:TransnEditor:Transn Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Vroom!

Jian Wushuang thought and the Blaze Quicksand instantly burst out from the gourd.

Rumble. The crimson Blaze Quicksand covered the sky and earth. There were rays of flame that flowed along with the quicksand too. They flowed in all directions like a storm.

The secret chamber that Jian Wushuang was instantly shattered into powder. The terrifying force made the entire void collapse.

"So, so scary!" Jian Wushuang was astonished at the sight.

Everywhere that the Blaze Quicksand passed was destroyed and vanished. Its strangling power was extremely terrifying.

"Such a terrifying strangling power. Even if a Celestial Master was caught in it, I'm afraid he would be torn into pieces too," Jian Wushuang thought to himself.

Just then, King of Venomous Worms spoke, "To begin with, Blaze Quicksand is a scary substance in Eternal Chaotic World. The Blaze Quicksand Gourd was made by some powerful weapon refinery masters. They gathered Blaze Quicksand together and refined it into this gourd. The moment you refine this gourd, you can control the Blaze Quicksand in it to fight against your enemy.

"On top of that, you are only a beginner in refining this gourd. You can only forcefully drive the Blaze Quicksand to kill your enemy, which is the dumbest way to do it. If you were to master the secret skill within the gourd, you would be able to control the Blaze Quicksand and use the regional skill. With the regional skill, you wouldn't even have to take any action but the strangling power of the Blaze Quicksand would kill any advanced Celestial Masters who fall within."

"Without any action I can kill an advanced Celestial Master?" Jian Wushuang's eyes were wide open.

One should know that an advanced Celestial Master wasn't considered weak when it came to defense skill.

Jian Wushuang massacred many experts from Jin Kingdom during the fight of Dan Xin Palace because he knew the Sheer Shadow technique. However, there were hardly any advanced Celestial Masters. Once Jian Wushuang ran into those advanced Celestial Master with strong consciousness, he would find them hard to kill.

But then, with the assistance of Blaze Quicksand Gourd... It was very simple to kill an advanced Celestial Master.

Even if he were a Celestial Master in Exceptional Realm, he might die by his hand if his power wasn't as great.

"This treasure lives up to its value of 210,000 Fire Points. This Blaze Quicksand Gourd is really impressive. However, if this is such an impressive treasure, why didn't the few Palace Masters in Green Fire Palace exchange it? They left it at Fire Point Exchange Office?" Jian Wushuang was curious.

He didn't think further but quickly put the Blaze Quicksand Gourd away. The moment he put it away, the secret chamber quickly repaired itself.

On the piece of land where Green Fire Palace was located, any buildings and plants could recover themselves.

Then, Jian Wushuang was preparing to study the secret skill within the Blaze Quicksand Gourd but suddenly...

"Jian Wushuang!" There was a deep voice.

Jian Wushuang lifted his head and went ahead to greet.

"Celestial Master Yu Ding."

Jian Wushuang saw the incomer, Celestial Master Yu Ding who invited him to Green Fire Palace back then.

"Haha, Jian Wushuang, how long has it been since I brought you to Green Fire Palace? You've already gained such fame on the battlefield! Haha, everyone knows you in Green Fire Palace!" Celestial Master Yu Ding laughed.

Jian Wushuang chuckled and replied, "Celestial Master Yu Ding, you didn't come here to tell me this, right?"

"Well, I didn't," Celestial Master Yu Ding became solemn and continued, "Jian Wushuang, to be frank, I am here by a request."

"By a request?" Jian Wushuang was stunned.

"Someone told me to give you this. Take a look," Celestial Master Yu Ding passed Jian Wushuang a jade slip.

Jian Wushuang took and went through it simply with his consciousness. Then, his graze grew strange.

"This is... a battle invitation?"

Exactly. The content of the jade slip suggested a battle invitation.

It was a battle invitation from Celestial Master Malignity. He invited Jian Wushuang to fight at Oblivion Palace. The battle invitation contained an intensely mocking and provocative tone.

"Celestial Master Malignity?" Jian Wushuang creased his eyebrows and asked confusedly, "I don't know Celestial Master Malignity and I share no resentment with him. Why did he send me a battle invitation out of nowhere?"

"Jian Wushuang, you share no resentment with Celestial Master Malignity but to be exact, you did offend him," Celestial Master Yu Ding replied.

"I offended him? When?" Jian Wushuang was still confused.

"Didn't Sunrise Sword Emperor just announce that he'd give you the quota to enter Sword World?" Celestial Master Yu Ding looked at him.

"Yes, he did," Jian Wushuang nodded faintly.

Sunrise Sword Emperor told him that outside Dan Xin Palace earlier. He had also received an announcement from Sunrise Sword Emperor earlier.

But what did it have to do with Celestial Master Malignity?

"Well, Celestial Master Malignity is also a sword cultivator and he is extremely gifted. On top of that, his senior was Palace Master Red Lotus. Hence, he was qualified to enter Sword World. Before you appear, the five Palace Masters once discussed and intended to give him the quota to enter Sword World. But now, because you have appeared..."

"The Palace Masters passed you the quota to enter Sword World. Hence, he will have to wait for the next round, which is in another one hundred thousand years. Tell me now, did you offend him?" Celestial Master smiled.

Jian Wushuang was astonished.

He had never expected the quota to enter Sword World that he was given had originally belonged to Celestial Master Malignity.

Sword World only opened every one hundred thousand years. Celestial Master Malignity had waited for so long and it was finally his turn. But because of him, Celestial Master Malignity had to wait until the next opening which would be in another one hundred thousand years.

One should know that one hundred thousand years weren't short to Celestial Master Malignity. It would be normal if he was angry.

"When Sunrise Sword Emperor said that he is going to give me the quota, he never mentioned that it belonged to someone else," Jian Wushuang said.

"Although the few Palace Masters have the intention, they never confirmed it after all. Hence, it wasn't counted," Celestial Master Yu Ding laughed.

Jian Wushuang shrugged. Even so, Celestial Master Malignity blamed him and it was a fact. Otherwise, why would he tell Celestial Master Yu Ding to send him a battle invitation on behalf?

"Jian Wushuang, Celestial Master Malignity isn't happy about it. Hence, he challenged you. He is also very smart about it. He already spread this news when he sent this invitation. Hence, almost all Celestial Masters in Green Fire Palace know that he sent you a battle invitation. If you were to not take up this challenge, there would be people who gossip."

"If you were to take up this challenge, Celestial Master Malignity isn't weak," Celestial Master Yu Ding said solemnly.