Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1176: Spacetime!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Since Jian Wushuang had found a way to upgrade his Speed Sword Principle to the most powerful level, the following meditation would be much simpler.

He closed his eyes before the Star Jade Wall to recall the scene that the man who wore a straw rain cape wielded his sword to kill those black-robed men in his mind.

To be precise, he was recalling the unfathomable and unrestrained swordsmanship.

He calmed down and learned it carefully.

The spacetime was the most mystical power in the world.

This kind of power was beyond the reach of human beings and even more difficult for them to grasp.

Jian Wushuang was a Dao Master who had self-knowledge. Neither did he expect to control the power of spacetime nor did he expect his swordsmanship to completely get rid of the restrictions of the spacetime.

All he wanted was to upgrade his Sword Principle to the level that could influence the spacetime.

Even if it could only exert the slightest influence on the power of spacetime, his swordsmanship would undergo a qualitative change. That was the Spacetime Sword Principle he had been pursued!

Nonetheless, it was easier said than done because this was an incredibly difficult and complex process.

Jian Wushuang completely immersed himself in the study of the Spacetime Sword Principle. Time passed quickly…

In the 138th year after Jian Wushuang had returned to Star Island, his body shook suddenly in front of the Star Jade Wall. An immense amount of Ancient God Power surged out and condensed into his midbrow slowly. Finally, the fourth Quadrangular Star formed there.

He reached the Four-star Ancient God Level!

Immediately after that, his body began to undergo tremendous changes.

The Four-star Ancient God Level rivalled the human Celestial Master Level. Don’t forget that Jian Wushuang was an Imperial God. Although he just broke through to this level, his Ancient God Power alone was even more powerful than the power of a Celestial Master at the Exceptional Realm.

Coupled with his Spiritual Power and the tenfolds of power his Blood-killing Plate Armor executed, he was on a par with a common Universe Master in terms of power.

Previously, he was much inferior to Universe Masters in this aspect and could only bridge the gap between them relying on some Secret Skills, treasures, and the power of Dao.

Now, however,?his power was comparable with that of Universe Masters. Thus, his overall strength had been enhanced greatly.

In the twinkling of an eye, he had returned to Star Island for 300 years.

He opened his eyes and looked at the Void in front of him. Some strange light could be seen flickering in his eyes.

He slowly stretched one of his palms to strike the Void.

A sword shadow visible to the naked eye dashed out and influenced the surrounding spacetime. Although it moved relatively slow, it instantly appeared in that Void.

Seeing this scene, Jian Wushuang’s eyes suddenly lit up.

“Previously, I mastered the Speed Sword Principle and executed this swordsmanship, both fast and slow. In that way, I could only create an illusion. Now… I succeed in making the illusion real.” Jian Wushuang smiled.

He deliberately displayed a slow sword movement just now. Once it affected the spacetime and slightly reduced the restrictions that the spacetime exercised on the swordsmanship, the sword could move 10 times faster.

And if the swordsmanship he performed was extremely fast originally, the speed of the sword could increase by more than ten times after it affected the spacetime!

“Spacetime Sword Principle! It’s the most powerful Sword Principle!” Jian Wushuang clenched his hands and his eyes were full of excitement.

He had meditated in front of the Star Jade Wall for 300 years and by learning from the ninth pattern, he finally created the Spacetime Sword Principle!

As he expected, once the Spacetime Sword Principle could exert a little bit influence on the spacetime, it was the most powerful Sword Principle!

Since then, after the Coalescence Sword Principle, he created the second most powerful Sword Principle—Spacetime Sword Principle!

“The spacetime is really a kind of incredible power. Combined with my swordsmanship, I have created the most powerful Spacetime Sword Principle on the condition that I only knew a little bit about the power of spacetime. I cannot imagine how horrifying the Spacetime Sword Principle will be after I completely master the Dao of Spacetime.” Jian Wushuang gasped in admiration.

He was no longer the young man who didn’t know anything before.

His horizons had been broadened.

And he knew how vast this world was.

He was very clear that although he now grasped the Spacetime Sword Principle, it was nothing serious compared with the entire Spacetime Dao.

“Coalescence Sword Principle, Spacetime Sword Principle… The only one left is the Yin-Yang Sword Principle.” Jian Wushuang was full of expectations.

He had mastered two Sword Principles of the most powerful level and a Sword Principle at the Creation Level. If others had achieved those, they would have started to try to integrate Sword Principles together and attain the Immortal Dharma Body to become a Celestial Master.

Nonetheless, he was not in a hurry.

He was a man of great ambition!

Chances were that his three Sword Principles could all become the most powerful ones!

He wanted to integrate them after he had elevated all of them to the most powerful level… Then, he could obtain the unprecedented Immortal Dharma Body in the Green Fire World!

In the eyes of others, this was absolutely a wild wish and something that could not come true, but Jian Wushuang did not think so.

He was an Inverse Cultivator who possessed infinite possibilities.

His Strongest Sword Soul was awakened once. This meant he had great potential on Sword Principles. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

He had every reason to struggle for that. Even if he failed in the end, he just wasted nothing more than some time.

But once he succeeded… How mighty the Immortal Dharma Body he obtained after integrating three strongest Sword Principles would be?

Sunrise Sword Emperor, the one who had the potential to become a leader of the Green Fire Palace, had just integrated two strongest Sword Principles. That enabled him, a Celestial Master, to fight a Universe Master head-on and be more powerful than an ordinary Universe Master. However, he was merely an ordinary cultivator, not an Inverse Cultivator.

Hence, once Jian Wushuang integrated three strongest Sword Principles, his strength would shock the world.

Nevertheless, whether he was able to do that was still something unknown.

He had created the second strongest Sword Principle and his Ancient God Power had also been upgraded to the Four-star Ancient God Level. Furthermore, his overall strength skyrocketed. Apparently, he planned to get through the ultimate test presently.

Through Lord Spirit Sound, the news about his plan spread all over Star Island very soon.

Dao Master Kong Ming, Dao Master Thousand Water, and several friends of him, along with many Warriors, hurried in front of the black tower.

“Blood Mountain, there was still a huge gap waiting for you to bridge the last time you endeavoured to pass the ultimate test. But you come here again only after 300 years. Do you have the confidence to succeed?” Dao Master Thousand Water frowned and asked him.