Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1210: Victory!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Boom!”

Following the terrifying explosion, the endless sea of fire that spanned hundreds of thousands of miles blew up.

The sea of fire was cleaved in half and the burning flames subsided to reveal a huge tunnel in the middle.

A cold sword light split up the sea of fire and obliterated all the obstacles in its way. It slammed violently into Long Xu King without losing any of its power.

“What?” Long Xu King’s eyes widened in bewilderment.

Both of them used the small but how could their disparity in power be so striking?

“Bam!”

The sword light hit Long Xu King’s scarlet armor. Though the armor was a great defensive treasure that managed to weaken the power of Jian Wushuang’s attack by 80 percent, the remaining power still hurt him.

“Pfft!”

Though Long Xu King had a strong body, the remaining force in Jian Wushuang’s attack still caused him to spit out blood. He was sent tumbling backward in a miserable condition.

Just then, a ghost-like figure appeared in front of him. It was Jian Wushuang.

The grim-faced Jian Wushuang exuded a startlingly potent killing intent. Majestic power was converging on his right index finger.

That was the Ancient God Power.

“Third Finger of the Ancient God, World-shattering!” Jian Wushuang roared.

He then pointed his right index finger that harbored an intense force at Long Xu King.

“Buzz!”

The spectral image of a golden-armored Ancient God, about a hundred feet high, appeared in the sky.

The spectral image of the golden-armored Ancient God overlooked all living creatures. He gradually lifted his strong right arm and pointed his finger at Long Xu King. With a cracking sound, the space around them was crushed into pieces.

The space that spanned hundreds of thousands of miles turned into fine dust as the Ancient God pointed.

The horrible power would even startle Universe Masters.

This was the Third Finger, a skill unique to the Ancient God Clan!

Now that he had become a Four-star Ancient God of Imperial Kinsmen, Jian Wushuang could finally unleash a hint of this power.

The Third Finger had the power to shatter worlds!

“No!”

The terrified Long Xu King could not stop his momentum as he was sent flying backward. Neither could he put up any form of resistance. He watched helplessly as the giant gold finger came closer to him and finally hit him.

The tremendous Ancient God Power bombarded Long Xu King.

The finger continued to hit him until it pressed his body to the ground in the same manner a giant would crush an ant.

“Crash!”

The endless ruins below abruptly exploded, creating a sinkhole that was thousands of meters deep and hundreds of thousands of miles wide.

Long Xu King lied at the bottom of the sinkhole. No sound came from him. It was hard to tell if he was alive or dead.

“Buzz!” The giant gold finger plunged.

The spectral image of the golden-armored Ancient God gradually vanished, restoring calm in the world.

The entire Battle Fortress fell into silence.

The silence, however, lasted only for a brief moment before a violent noise resounded.

“He won! Palace Master Wushuang won!”

“Haha! He’s truly the strongest expert in the Green Fire World! He’s so powerful! So powerful!”

“Humph! Didn’t Long Xu King say Palace Master Wushuang’s strength is disappointing? Didn’t he call Palace Master Wushuang a loser? Haha! Go on! I dare him to keep spouting that nonsense!”

“It’s obvious that Palace Master Wushuang didn’t go all out. He probably just used very little of his power and that was why he was temporarily defeated. Kong Xu King thought he would win. What a joke! Palace Master Wushuang defeated him twice with his full strength and now he was almost killed. That was a great victory!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Inside the Battle Fortress, the Green Fire World experts caused an uproar.

“We won!”

The eyes of the other Palace Masters, including Samsara Temple Master, gleamed.

“Haha! Did you all see that? That’s my Junior Brother!” Bai Hu,?Jian Wushuang’s third Senior Brother, cackled among the crowd.

Xue Lingtian and Purple Mountain who stood next to him were also pleasantly surprised.

Their reactions were very different from the reactions of the many Jin Kingdom experts who were also watching the battle from inside the ancient Spaceship.

Like the Green Fire World experts, they had also seen the outcome.

“Did Long Xu King lose?”

“He’s the strongest Universe Master in our kingdom and has never lost to another Universe Master since he began serving our Monarch! He even defeated the strongest Universe Master from hostile forces more than five million years ago. How could a Dao Master defeat him?”

“I heard Jian Wushuang has been cultivating for less than 5,000 years. He really is a genius.”

“Less than 5,000 years? Is he that unbelievably talented?”

The Jin Kingdom experts were in shock.

Even so, Long Xu King’s defeat did not dampen their morale.

After all, their Monarch was their real backbone. It would take their Monarch’s defeat to deliver them a truly crushing blow.

The Jin Kingdom had seen a great many powerful enemies since its establishment but its monarch had remained undefeated.

The Monarch of the Jin Kingdom was the real God of its people.

The Monarch of the Jin Kingdom also had a clear look at the battle from the grand palace, which was the core of the Spaceship. There was an unwitting faint smile on his face.

“Jian Wushuang has made such great progress in only 80 years. That’s impressive.” He sighed in admiration. He then turned to look at the aloof girl standing below the platform.

“Jiu Xi, isn’t there a genius in your Sect? Who’s stronger, he or Jian Wushuang?” he casually asked.

“My Senior Brother is stronger in terms of raw strength but Jian Wushuang is surely talented to show that sort of ability in an isolated place like the Eternal Chaotic World. I don’t think that he’s weaker than my Senior Brother,” she replied.

“Oh?” The Monarch of the Jin Kingdom frowned. “It’s unfortunate that your Senior Brother isn’t here. I’d love to see him fight Jian Wushuang.”

“Lord Jin Feng, how can you joke around when you don’t even know if your top fighter is still alive? Shouldn’t you think of a countermeasure?” Jiu Xi asked, smiling faintly at him.

“You wanted Long Xu King to either defeat or kill Jian Wushuang to demoralize Green Fire Palace. That way, you don’t even need to use what you’ve prepared for this war to destroy them.”

“It seems that your plan has fallen through.”