Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1211: The Great War Begins!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Jiu Xi was not a subordinate of the Monarch of the Jin Kingdom. She simply cooperated with him.

She was well aware of his plans.

In order to destroy the Green Fire World, he asked her to prepare a great weapon at a high cost.

He could easily succeed with the weapon but he did not want to rashly use it due to the steep price he must pay.

His greatest wish was to destroy the Green Fire World without using the weapon.

The Monarch of the Jin Kingdom sneered. “Though Long Xu’s defeat benefitted the Green Fire World, I can still easily destroy them with the power I have.” He then gave his next order.

“Go, Red Snow!”

Many experts of the Jin Kingdom gathered on the deck of the Spaceship were poised to go.

Their leader, Red Snow King wore a grim expression when he received the order from the Monarch.

“I didn’t expect Jian Wushuang to defeat Long Xu King,” Red Snow King sighed and shook his head. Then, a terrifying aura erupted from him.

He looked at the experts of his kingdom standing behind him.

“It’s showtime, everyone!”

“Let’s go!”

With a wave of his hand, Red Snow King became the first to storm out of the Spaceship.

A large number of experts followed after him.

With eyes that gleamed red and auras that abruptly soared, they charged toward the Battle Fortress where Green Fire Palace lied like a sea of wasps.

The Green Fire World experts noticed them as soon as they exited their Spaceship.

“Here they come!”

Jian Wushuang stood on the battleground, staring down the approaching Jin Kingdom experts with a cold expression.

Inside the Battle Fortress, the Green Fire World experts stood with their hands clenched as they made their resolutions for the battle.

“Everyone, here comes the war that will determine the future of Green Fire World!”

Samsara Temple Master, who stood next to the other Palace Masters, said loudly, “We’ll do as planned. Void, Tang Emperor, Sunrise, Red Lotus, Jian Wushuang, and I will fight them with tactical formations that our Dao Masters made!”

“New Palace Masters, stay in the Battle Fortress with 1,000 Celestial Masters who had just made their breakthrough with Life Elixirs. We’ll try our best to draw the Jin Kingdom experts here. Then, I’ll give you my command to ambush them. Don’t let them run. You’d better injure them heavily with one strike!”

“Yes!” the Palace Masters around him answered, all of them nodding.

The Jin Kingdom was unaware that they had more than 10 new Universe Masters and 1,000 new Celestial Masters. This was their trump card.

“Palace Master Yun.”

Samsara Temple Master turned to Palace Master Yun, who had just recently become a Universe Master. “I’ll leave the Battle Fortress to you, as usual. Open the Restriction immediately if anyone returns to recover from injuries. Use the Divine Rays of the North where you see fit. Try and provide support to the experts as much as possible so we can cause the Jin Kingdom the greatest damage.”

“No problem.” Palace Master Yun nodded solemnly.

In the war against the Jin Kingdom 500 million years ago, he was also in charge of the Battle Fortress. He was the only one in the entire Green Fire World that could use it so perfectly.

“Everyone, we’ll definitely win this war!” Samsara Temple Master roared.

“We’ll definitely win!” The numerous Palace Masters echoed his sentiments with solemn nods.

“Go!”

Samsara Temple Master waved his hands and charged into the battlefield.

Simultaneously, his loud and solemn voice reverberated in the entire Battle Fortress.

“Everyone, come and fight with me!”

His voice entered everyone’s ears and inspired many experts of the Green Fire World.

“Fight!”

“Fight!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Their battle intent skyrocketed so splendidly that the world paled in comparison.

Their resolute battle cries echoed in the sky.

“Fight!” “Fight!” “Fight!”

Everyone inside the Battle Fortress responded to Samsara Temple Master’s battle cry.

“Go, Bloodseeker Formation!”

“Go, Green Dragon Formation!”

“Go, Sky-splitting Formation!”

“Go, God of Underworld Formation!”

Many Dao Masters, who had been ready to go, teamed up and quickly formed tactical formations one after another, just as they had rehearsed.

Tall and roaring figures leaped up from the Battle Fortress.

There were no less than a thousand of such massive formations that spread as far as the eye could see.

These formations converged all the powers of the Dao Masters, allowing them to unleash a force that was far beyond what they were originally capable of.

Then under the leadership of Samsara Temple Master, Void Temple Master, Tang Emperor, Sunrise Sword Emperor, and Palace Master Red Lotus, they marched out of the Battle Fortress to meet the experts from the Jin Kingdom.

Jian Wushuang spearheaded the forces of the Green Fire World, making him the one closest to the Jin Kingdom experts.

“Jin Kingdom.”

Jian Wushuang’s gaze was icy-cold as he stared down his enemies.

These Jin Kingdom experts were formidable indeed. These were unlikely all of the Jin Kingdom forces but Red Snow King was still commanding more than 50 Universe Masters and 1,500 Celestial Masters.

If this was 80 years ago, the Green Fire Palace would have rendered completely helpless.

Things were different now.

“Jian Wushuang, let me come out,” said a deep voice inside Jian Wushuang’s mind.

“Gu King?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed.

“I’ve been staying in you for long. It’s time for me to stretch my limbs,” Gu King said.

Jian Wushuang was astonished.

Gu King had lived inside him for a long time and would typically help him recover his Spiritual Power or heal his wounds. Seldom did they fight together.

The Plenilune that was born with Ancient God was known as his closest battle companion. It was only when Ancient God joined hands with Plenilune that they could perform their best.

As soon as Jian Wushuang held out his hands, Gu King’s massive Plenilune body appeared in the Void.

He looked particularly ferocious with scarlet scales and numerous savage tendrils covering his body.

“Jian Wushuang, do you still remember what we did together in the Kingdom Tang of the Eastern Land?” His solemn voice reverberated in Jian Wushuang’s ears.

“Of course.” Jian Wushuang smiled as he looked at him. “Are you going to do it again?”

“What say you?” Gu King also looked at him with his scarlet eyes.

They stared at each other. Jian Wushuang’s smile widened.