Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1213: Horrible Jian Wushuang!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Run!” the red-robed woman shouted as she began to flee immediately.

“Run? Can you?” asked Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang had a great killing intent. His sword light dashed out and influenced the surrounding space-time. He instantly appeared behind her.

“Why are you so fast?” she asked with her eyes wide open. She tried her best to resist.

There was a gust of wind when her body was pierced. Her corpse fell downwards slowly .

“First blood!” shouted Jian Wushuang.

With a glint in his eyes, he floated outwards again.

In a flash, he appeared behind a grey-robed elder. With a roaring killing intent, red clouds rolled onto the elder.

He sensed when Jian Wushuang showed up and immediately waved his hand to conjure a huge red cloud that rushed towards Jian Wushuang.

“Humph!” the elder said.

Jian Wushuang sneered. Under the influence of Ancient God Power, he was able to use the power of Stage Two Blood-killing Armor.

“Three Waves!” Jian Wushuang shouted.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Three sword shadows immediately rushed out from Jian Wushuang.

They combined with each other and rushed together, like three waves.

Bang!

The first wave directly hit and dispersed the red cloud created by the grey-robed elder.

Dung!

The second wave collided with his hand, making it shiver slightly inside his red glove. Then, his entire arm bent.

Swish!

The third wave pierced his throat effortlessly. Before he died, he opened his eyes wide with disbelief.

“Second!” shouted Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang didn’t intend to stop after he killed the grey-robed elder. Immediately, he rushed behind a two meter tall man.

“Third!” he cried.

In a second, the tall man, who was of Universe Master level, was also killed by Jian Wushuang.

“The fourth!” Jian Wushuang shouted after killing another.

“The fifth!” he continued.

There were too many experts in the battle, messing up the fight. Jian Wushuang just kept slaughtering experts of the Gold Kingdom, using his absolute strength and swordsmanship.

At this point, he had already killed six Universe Masters and dozens of Holy Masters.

This all in a brief moment!

Experts of the Gold Kingdom were not blind. They were appalled to see Jian Wushuang killing six Universe Masters so quickly.

It was horrible!

Jian Wushuang kept killing experts of the Gold Kingdom, as if he were the god of Death.

No one could survive once targeted.

Jian Wushuang also managed to kill several Universe Masters.

“That’s too powerful!” an expert of the Gold Kingdom cried.

“How did this happen?” asked another.

“We’re Universe Masters, too. We may be a little weaker, but we shouldn’t be killed so easily, should we?” a third questioned.

“Even Long Xu King can’t kill us this easily, but Jian Wushuang…” said the first.

All of the experts were frightened, both from the Gold Kingdom and the Green Fire World.

Normally, Universe Masters were powerful, had outstanding skills, and were also good at surviving. They could at least manage to run away if they met someone stronger. However, Universe Masters of the Gold Kingdom were shocked to realize that Jian Wushuang could kill them easily , as if they were merely Holy Masters or Dao Masters.

Jian Wushuang killed Holy Masters as easy as blowing off dust. Unexpectedly, he also killed Universe Master with just one strike. They did not even have a chance to strike back. They would be dead as soon as they were targeted.

They did not know that Jian Wushuang was not only strong, but also fast with his Swordplay of Spacetime.

Whenever he used his swordsmanship, he could affect space-time at a terrifying pace, and no other Universe Master present could compete.

Besides, he had Soul Attack in harmony. He had worked with Gu King to use it on many people. Universe Masters could, undoubtedly, resist. If he attacked Universe Masters one by one with the Soul Attack, none of them would find it hard to resist. Even if they could, they would be slow thinking.

It would be then that Jian Wushuang would kill them.

“With Swordplay of Space-time, Soul Attack, and my swordsmanship, I can now slaughter all ordinary Universe Masters!” Jian Wushuang said with a cold look.

This frenzied slaughter made the experts from the Gold Kingdom shudder with fear, but soon they realized how to fight back.

“We must stop him from slaughtering!” one expert cried.

“Stop him! We must stop him!” added another.

“Horrible! He’s so fast! If we don’t stop him, it won’t be long before he kills all our Universe Masters!” said a third expert.

“Tianchen King, Mo King, Donglong King, Gumu King, go and stop him!” ordered the first.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Four people rushed over and surrounded Jian Wushuang.

“Hum?” said Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang stared at them — four males and one female. Compared to the ordinary Universe Masters, they looked even more powerful, with much stronger auras.

“Well, the Gold Kingdom has something. In the Green Fire Palace, only Samsara Temple Master and I have the peak battle strength of Universe Master. The Gold Kingdom sent four Peak Universe Masters so easily,”?Jian Wushuang secretely sighed.

The four Universe Masters, who had put some pressure on him, were obviously Peak experts.

“Jian Wushuang, you’re not going to keep slaughtering,” The female Universe Master said coldly.

“Really?” Jian Wushuang replied smilingly. “Show me,” he said.

As soon as his voice faded away, he rushed out again.

Instead of rushing at the four of them, he headed for the Void nearby. Apparently, he did not intend to tangle with them. On the contrary, he wanted to seize his chance to kill as many experts of the Gold Kingdom as he could.

Humph! “the female Master said.

Gumu King sneered as her green silk ribbon turned into an unceasing flow of rivers which pierced through the Void and rushed towards Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang used a strange Illusion skill, giving several residual shadows out in the Void. He easily dodged the silk ribbon.

As soon as he stood still, he sensed a wind-breaking sound from behind him. A faint, spectral image of a heavy sword covering thousands of miles rushed directly towards him.

Jian Wushuang squinted and brandished his sword. He used the First Move of the Heaven’s Bane.

It was so powerful that it crashed the spectral image of the Huge Sword with just a turn of his hand.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The Four Peak Universe Masters appeared again, surrounding Jian Wushuang.