Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1218: Secret Weapon?

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“You have reported to me before the battle that the Green Fire World would at most be able to field six Universe Masters including Jian Wushuang. You have assured me that they would not have more than 200 Holy Masters. I would need you to explain from where did the rest of the Universe and Holy Masters come from, Red Snow King.”

Seated upon his throne with immense dignity, the Monarch of the Jin Kingdom held the Red Snow King in his gaze, revealing no emotion from him as he spoke with a steely calm tone.

Yet, the Red Snow King could clearly feel the invisible threat beneath the apparently disinterested demeanor of his liege as if a blade was being held over his throat.

He knew full well that a single word uttered carelessly and wrongly would see him cruelly put to death by the Monarch.

“My liege.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The Red Snow King was on the verge of a total panic. Desperately, he pleaded, “My calculations had been true then, my lord! They only have six Universe Masters and less than 200 Holy Masters then! I-i… i… I know! It must be the Dan Xin Palace! Yes! They must be behind this!”

“The Dan Xin Palace?” The Monarch leaned down from his throne.

“Not long before this great battlefield, a faction had risen to defy us. They called themselves the Dan Xin Palace and they have since begun to stir us, of the Jin Kingdom, to fight against the Green Fire World. The Dan Xin Palace has great stores of elixirs and potions. During their early days, the spirit of the Dan Xin Palace had once carelessly scattered several hundreds of Life Elixirs and even six Nirvana Elixirs. Clearly, such expense is hardly heavy to them!”

“Somebody from the Green Fire World must have communicated with the Dan Xin Palace and procured a huge supply of elixirs from them! This must be it! That must be the reason for the huge increase in their powers!” The Red Snow King explained frantically.

“Is that so?” The brows of the Monarch rose inquiringly. He wore a smile as he mused to himself, “So there’s even a depository of elixirs here on this battlefield. This is interesting. If only we can fully claim dominion over this entire battlefield… From thereafter…”

His voice trailed off. But the eyes of the Monarch flared with ambition and hunger.

“Very well. Despite the terrible losses, the blame for failure is not upon you. You shall be absolved of all punishment. Leave us.” The Monarch dismissed the Red Snow King with a wave of his hand.

“My greatest thanks, sire.” The Red Snow King thanked his ruler profusely before he left with joy, glad that his life was still his.

“Long Xu.” The Monarch’s gaze fell on to another person who has been present, the Long Xu King.

“Sire?” The Long Xu King acknowledged.

The Long Xu King was pale, his face completely bloodless and his aura severely weakened.

“It is rare to see you in such weakened state.” The Monarch looked down at him, studying him with mild interest.

“It’s my fault to underestimate them. I have been remissed not to anticipate Jian Wushuang to conceal his strength. The sudden burst has caught me off guard, paving way for my defeat. But if I have another chance…” His glare turned cold with malice.

“You are no match for him now. You would, at most, suffer a less humiliating defeat. But a defeat nonetheless, even if you are granted another chance.” The Monarch sighed.

The Monarch had not appeared on to the battle himself. But he had seen with his own eyes the gritting exchange of blows between the Long Xu King and Jian Wushuang. It was clear to him that the Long Xu King was lesser in skills in comparison to his adversary.

“You have been badly injured. It is fortunate that you were able to return alive. Have some rest and restore your powers. You will no longer need to be troubled for now.” The Monarch commanded.

“Yes, my liege.” Despite his discontent, he accepted the command of the Monarch. He was fully aware of the state of his health, knowing fully that his wounds would take time to heal.

No one else was left in the majestic hall, save for the Monarch himself and the quiet and elegant female, Jiu Xi.

“Jiu Xi!” The Monarch turned to her, calling her.

“What are your commands, Lord Jin Feng?” Jiu Xi asked the Monarch coolly.

“The strength of the forces of the Green Fire World has exceeded our expectations. Moreover, they still have control of the Battle Fortress. I am afraid that even I myself may not be able to fully vanquish them. It seems that some prices must be paid for the utter domination of this battlefield.” The Monarch brooded aloud.

“You mean you would intend to use the secret weapon, Lord Jin Feng?” The eyes of Jiu Xi gleamed suddenly with anticipation.

“Yes.” The eyes of the Monarch that glowed faintly with a golden blush burrowed deep into Jiu Xi. “We will run the course just as planned. You will receive an additional one-tenth of the rewards when success is at hand.”

“One-tenth? No.” Jiu Xi smiled wickedly as she shook her head. “I want three times of what we have agreed before!”

The glare of the Monarch turned cold instantly, dosed with suppressed wrath and ferocity. “Do you know what are you talking about, Jiu Xi?”

“Of course I do.”

Jiu Xi smiled mockingly and said, “I have not fully comprehended the true worth of this battlefield when you ask for my help, Lord Jin Feng. But now that I have seen it myself… There might still be more secrets of this battlefield still elusive from my knowledge, but one thing is certain: this is a land of bounty. A huge bounty which would have driven even my Sect insane with awe at its riches!”

“This is a tremendous trove of riches and wealth that you are sitting on, Lord Jin Feng. One that you alone would enjoy. I ask only three times of my agreed reward. Surely that is a mere speck if compared to the immensity of the value of this battlefield put together.”

“You dare bargain with me?” The Monarch’s glare turned frosty and threatening. “Do you not fear that I would have you disposed of once you have outgrown your usefulness?”

“You may try, Lord Jin Feng.” Jiu Xi remained unfazed by his intimidation. “You and I are the only souls aware of the secrets of this battlefield. But if some evils should befall me, I assure you that my Sect will receive words of this secret. They will have people sent here; most likely led by the prodigy expert, my Senior Brother himself!”

“Were you not interested in my Senior Brother, Lord Jin Feng? You can find out for yourself whether he or Jian Wushuang is more powerful then, when he comes.”

“You dare threaten me?” A huge and strong murderous intent gushed from the Monarch of the Jin Kingdom.

“Nay, my Lord. I only wish to negotiate.” Jiu Xi said before she continued, “I assure you, Lord Jin Feng, that word of this secret will never be leaked to another soul. As long as you allow me a sufficient reward. I can swear a Mortal Oath if you so will. This battlefield, along with all its secrets and riches, would only belong to the Jin Kingdom alone.”

The eyes of the Monarch squinted as he studied her intently, pondering for moments as he contemplated his next move and response. At length, he replied, “I agree to your terms. I will not only allow you three times of the agreed rewards. In fact, I will give you ten times of what was agreed before. But you are not to leave my side at all times, not until when the forces of the Jin Kingdom leave this battlefield when, and only when all riches and secrets of this battlefield are fully claimed by me.”

“It seems that you are exceptionally wary of me, are you not, Lord Jin Feng?” Jiu Xi gave him a devilish smile as she immediately nodded. “Very well. We have an agreement then.”

“You will now prepare the arrangements. I ensure that none will disturb you during your rituals.” The Monarch ordered.

“Be at ease, sire! The Jin Kingdom will not lose not even one man when the secret weapon is ready. You will be able to vanquish the vermins from the Green Fire World with hardly any effort.” She laughed.