Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1316: Breakthrough With Power, Deal With Another Three Strikes!

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Rumble.

In the void, the thundercloud continued to churn and the originally terrifying pressure became worse.

Under a normal situation, even when one undergo God’s test in the Third Heaven, they would only come across three strikes of lightning if it was thunder test.

But then Jian Wushuang,who was undergoing his God’s Test in the First Heaven, had already been through three strikes of lightning. After the three strikes of lightning, the Inverse Cultivation Test didn’t end there but looked as though it had just begun. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

As everyone held their breath, in the depth of the thundercloud, the fourth divine lightning was brewing.

Plus, when the fourth bolt of lightning was brewing, it obviously took longer than the third strike.

Rumble. The fourth divine lightning finally descended!

Wow!

A huge crimson lightning rumbled and struck towards Jian Wushuang like a snake.

“Crimson divine lighting?”

The experts surrounding Tribunal Passing Pinnacle revealed a terrified expression.

Jian Wushuang’s face grew grave, as he could feel that the crimson divine lightning was far greater than the previous three strikes.

It was on an entirely different level.

Regarding the diving lightning, Jian Wushuang didn’t resist it with his divine body recklessly. The very moment the divine lightning struck, there was a flash of gold light from his eyes.

Rumble. The billowing power of Ancient God suddenly surged.

Jian Wushuang looked cold as the boundless Ancient God power converged on the index finger of his right hand.

Then, the index finger which was covered entirely by the golden energy suddenly spurted.

“The third finger of Ancient God, destroy the world!”

Rumble!

The sudden crack in the void expanded into a huge black hole.

In the black hole, there was an Ancient God figure which was tens of thousand meters tall and shimmering in gold that appeared from nowhere. The Ancient God condensed into a substantial figure from an imaginary shadow at the beginning. His strong feet stepped on the ground and he roared when he pointed his ridiculously huge index finger!

The third finger of Ancient God!

The power to destroy the world!

Before everyone’s terrified gazes, the huge gilded finger and the crimson lightning descended from above collided.

Bang!

The two terrifying powers exploded.

Both contained the power to destroy the world.

The terrifying impact shook the void.

In the end… The gilded Ancient God forcefully broke the crimson divine lightning. Even though there was partial crimson lightning that gushed onto Jian Wushuang, it wasn’t enough to pose a threat for Jian Wushuang.

The fourth divine lightning was broken apart by Jian Wushuang!

After the fourth strike, rumble!

Without any interval nor time for formation, the fifth divine lightning struck immediately.

It was also a crimson lightning but it was a great increment of power.

There was fire in Jian Wushuang’s eyes. The Ancient God power in his body had depleted almost eighty percent after he performed the third finger technique. He naturally couldn’t pull the same trick again. Then, the Blood Mountain Sword appeared in his hand.

It was the first time Jian Wushuang took out the Blood Mountain Sword since he started the Inverse Cultivation Test!

It was as though the sword felt Jian Wushuang’s feelings. After the Blood Mountain Sword appeared, it gave out a shrill buzz. It was like it was roaring, bellowing in anger!

“Good brother, let’s do this!”

Jian Wushuang smiled faintly and raised Blood Mountain Sword with both his hands.

The terrifying sword power spread from his body and soared up into the sky.

“Eternal Light!”

Jian Wushuang bellowed without hesitation and put the rank one Strongest Unique Skill that he had created a hundred and twenty years ago to play.

Suddenly, a brilliantly beautiful light shined.

When the light shined, it was as though it formed eternity and didn’t go away from the universe for very long. In the end, it finally clashed against the fifth divine lightning that was descending from the sky.

Bang!

The universe shook vigorously.

The ground under Jian Wushuang’s feet cracked and the terrifying crimson lightning formed a superstorm above the peak of the Tribunal Passing Pinnacle.

However, the core strength of the fifth divine lighting shattered by the hit of the brilliantly beautiful light.

After the fifth divine lightning, rumble!

The sixth divine lightning followed closely behind without giving Jian Wushuang any time to catch his breath.

Jian Wushuang looked cold. As the Blood Mountain Sword shook vigorously in his hand, there was an unprecedented madness twinkling in his eyes.

Buzz!

A shapeless power swept out from Jian Wushuang’s body.

The power seemed illusory and almost no one noticed it. However, it was extremely extensive at the same time.

Along with Jian Wushuang wielding his sword tightly, the shapeless power exploded the very next second.

“Dragon roar!”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes were giving out.

“Roar!”

A towering dragon roar was heard across the sky.

Everyone held their breath as they watched and there was a dark grey giant dragon that appeared out of nowhere.

The dark grey giant dragon had an unprecedented rage and a miraculous power that plundered toward the sixth divine lightning with madness.

Rank one Strongest Unique Skill… Dragon Roar!

Jian Wushuang invented the technique after he had spent a hundred and twenty years resolving the Little Scattered Stars Game and increased his understanding towards Sword Principle.

The technique was different from Eternal Light as Eternal Light was an absolute power.

Dragon Roar was a combination of Soul Power and Sword Principle. On top of that, it mainly depended on Soul Power.

The dark grey giant dragon was formed and substantiated through Jian Wushuang’s Soul Power!

The Soul Power was immeasurably extensive. The combination of a giant dragon substantiated through Soul Power and impressive Sword Principle, structured the terrifying technique.

By performing this technique alone, Jian Wushuang’s Soul Power was exhausted entirely!

In the air, the dark grey giant dragon finally collided with the sixth divine lightning descended from the sky.

During the collision, the dark grey giant dragon opened its mouth and swallowed the sixth divine lightning.

When the divine lightning entered the dark grey giant dragon’s body, the terrifying power erupted and its huge body suddenly exploded. However, the power of the sixth lightning was used up as well. Hence, it dispersed in the end.

The sixth diving lightning was forcefully broken apart as well!

Everyone was in awe.

The people who are watching Jian Wushuang going through God’s test outside Tribunal Passing Pinnacle was all left speechless in shock.

They originally thought the fourth divine lightning was extremely scary and it’d be difficult for Jian Wushuang to resist. Who knows…

After the fourth divine lightning, the fifth and the sixth divine lightning struck without interval. Even so, Jian Wushuang performed a strong power. He broke through with his power and resolved all three divine lightings directly!

A terrifying power.

That’s Jian Wushuang!!!

…