Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1322: Transformation!

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Transformation!

The transformation was a transformation of the divine body. The transformation was also the transformation of spiritual power to divine power!

It was a transformation from Universe Master to Universe God!

It was also a transformation from Four-Star Ancient God to Five-Star Ancient God!

At the same time, it was a transformation from weak to strong!

Universe God!

In an ordinary world, he could really be considered an expert.

At this level, he could really be considered a true God!

“This feeling… It’s such a nice feeling!”

Jian Wushuang sat up. He closed his eyes and a smile was plastered on his face while he enjoyed the nice feeling that was brought forward from the transformation.

At the same time, he was also enjoying the joy derived from the constant increment of power from the transformation.

The transformation was vast!

Jian Wushuang could feel a tremendous change happening in his bones, muscles, and cells all over his body every second.

His divine body was experiencing a frenzied enhancement at an unbelievable speed.

Vroom.

The spiritual power in Jian Wushuang’s body was also starting to transform.

The process of spiritual power transforming into divine power originally required a set amount of time. Like many Universe Gods who just passed their God’s Test, merely parts of their divine powers transformed but they still required another period of time to slowly transform. Then, they would finally complete their transformation and become a real Universe God.

However, Jian Wushuang skipped over the process entirely.

Jian Wushuang could clearly feel the terrifying transformation speed of his divine power. In a brief moment where he took a few breaths and most of his divine power had successfully transformed. As time ticked, the divine power in his body completed its transformation.

“Divine power, is this my divine power?”

Jian Wushuang could feel the surging power filling up his body.

Divine power, the symbol of a Universe God. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The strength of divine power represented the true power of a Universe God to a certain extent.

Jian Wushuang could clearly feel how ferocious his divine power was.

“The King of Venomous Worms previously said that the strength of divine power, including the strength of divine body based on the power of one integrating Sword Principle. Some were high level in integrating Sword Principle, so the moment they break through and become a Universe God, the level of their divine power would be enhanced to an advanced or Peak level; so, they could easily become an advanced Universe God or Peak Universe God after they enhanced their unique skill!”

“But there are also some who had too low of a level in integrating Sword Principle, so their divine power merely reached the level of a beginner Universe God when they become a Universe God. Even if they constantly enhance their power with the aid of unique skills and secret skills in the future, it’d still be difficult for them to become a Peak Universe God in the First Heaven. It’d be a dream for them to even undergo God’s Test in the Second Heaven!”

“As for me… I combined the three strongest Sword Principles and I am an inverse cultivator. The moment I break through and become Universe God, my divine power would be ridiculously strong. I could feel that the strength of my divine power is about a hundred times stronger than an ordinary Peak Universe God in the First Heaven!”

Jian Wushuang was surprised.

That was the benefit for cultivation from combining three strongest Sword Principle.

If he were to be like an ordinary cultivator where the combined Sword Principle wasn’t as strong, or he only combined one of the strongest Sword Principles with two other Creation Level Sword Principles, it was reckoned that the strength of his divine power after he became a Universe God wouldn’t be comparable to Peak Universe God in the First Heaven. Even with his special circumstance that he was doing Inverse Cultivation, his divine power would only be stronger by a few folds than a Peak Universe God in the First Heaven.

But then, as he combined the three Strongest Sword Principles, his divine power was a hundred times more powerful than a Peak Universe God in the First Heaven once he became Universe God!

How great of an advantage that was!

Just as Jian Wushuang transformed his divine power, a brilliant golden light lit up. The dim golden light was formed entirely by pure Ancient God power and it was soaring towards Jian Wushuang’s glabella that very moment.

His Ancient God body exposed naturally. On his glabella, there were originally four four-pointed stars. Then, along with the gathering of dim golden light, the fifth four-pointed star quickly gathered and it took shape very quickly.

Five-Star Ancient God, it’s here!

“Five-Star Ancient God!”

Jian Wushuang clenched his fist as he felt the tremendous increment of the Ancient God power. He felt extremely happy.

Right then…

“Huh?”

Jian Wushuang suddenly felt a stir in his heart.

Right when he became Five-Star Ancient God, there was an extra part of memory that appeared in his head.

The memory had no symptoms and it appeared directly in his head.

“Memory inheritance!”

Jian Wushuang shook.

He wasn’t unfamiliar with the sight.

Back then, when he first woke the blood of an Ancient God, the same scene happened. He, too, inherited part of the memory and mastered the three fingers of Ancient God!

The three fingers of Ancient God was a unique skill of the Ancient God clan and it had been rather useful for Jian Wushuang. Then, as he became a Five-Star Ancient God, there was another part of memory inheritance that appeared in his head.

The content of the inheritance memory was another unique skill, and it was also three fingers!

“It turned out that the supreme unique skill of an Ancient God clan wasn’t only three fingers!” Jian Wushuang commented.

In the inheritance memory, he received a brand new three fingers technique.

It was the fourth finger… God’s Test!

The fifth finger… Get through difficulty!

The sixth finger… Sun Corrosion!

The three fingers were fiercer compared to the three fingers, including Break Boundaries, Break the Star, Destroy the World that Jian Wushuang obtained previously. Of course, the requirement to perform was much stricter.

“With the three new fingers, I have another trump card on hand,” Jian Wushuang smiled and then closed his eyes to continue enjoying the transformation.

His divine power and Ancient God power had fully transformed.

But his divine body continued to level up tremendously.

While a large number of cultivators waited patiently outside Tribunal Passing Pinnacle.

When they saw the descending divine light, they could tell that Jian Wushuang wasn’t dead. Just as expected, they could feel Jian Wushuang’s breathing again.

The reason why they could feel him again was that the divine light helped Jian Wushuang recover from his injuries and Jian Wushuang’s aura was elevated.

Along with Jian Wushuang’s aura growing stronger and fiercer, the speed of the elevation was extremely terrifying.

The transformation continued for about an hour and finally ceased.

The huge thundercloud in the void above finally dispersed and disappeared entirely.

At the bottom of the huge pit on Tribunal Passing Pinnacle, nine rays of divine light put its capability to full play and it then disappeared entirely.

Everything settled down.

All living things in the universe resumed their tranquility.

In the silence, a figure slowly rose up from the pit and finally appeared in the universe.

When the figure appeared, he instantly became the center of attention.

Countless gazes suddenly gathered in the same direction.