Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1340: Cultivation Under Assault of Consciousness

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

The assault of consciousness in Tian Yuan Mystery Land is divided into four levels according to their intensity!”

“Any ordinary Universe God in the First Heaven could easily block the first level of assault of consciousness. As for the second level of the assault of consciousness, it would require the consciousness strength of a Universe God in the Second Heaven to be able to resist. The one corresponding to the third level would be the Universe God in the Third Heaven!”

“As for the fourth level…”

“The fourth level is rather obtuse. We Snow Dojo has many geniuses that visit Tian Yuan Mystery Land. Many of them are impressive Universe Gods in the Third Heaven. However, those who pass through the fourth level under the assault of consciousness are extremely rare!”

“Besides the intensity of the assault of consciousness on the fourth level, there are other opportunities. For instance, ten thousand years ago, there was a Universe God in the Third Heaven from Snow Dojo who obtained an impressive secret skill from the fourth level.”

“Of course, the fourth level is too far for us, Universe Gods in the First Heaven. All we can do now is train our consciousness to the first level, or the second level at the most. Jian Wushuang, your assault of consciousness is so fierce, maybe you could try to reach the very end of the second level,” Long Hao said.

Jian Wushuang understood the Tian Yuan Mystery Land to a certain extent after hearing what Long Hao said.

“It turned out that it was a mystery land to train and improve one’s strength of consciousness,” Jian Wushuang smiled faintly.

“Jian Wushuang, it isn’t easy to enhance your strength of consciousness and places to enhance your strength of consciousness is hard to come by too. Although your consciousness has already transformed into Soul Power, you could also improve it with the assault of consciousness in Tian Yuan Mystery Land. It is a rare opportunity that you shouldn’t miss,” King of Venomous Worms’ voice sounded in his head.

“I, of course, wont miss out on such an opportunity,” Jian Wushuang replied.

“Jian Wushuang, we can only stay in Tian Yuan Mystery Land for ten years. Tian Yuan Mystery Land will close ten years later and we will have to leave too. So, make the best use of the time and hurry up,” Long Hao reminded.

“Mm,” Jian Wushuang nodded. He didn’t hesitate and immediately moved forward.

The other experts who entered Tian Yuan Mystery Land moved forward too.

Whoever wanted to train one’s consciousness via assault of consciousness must allow the assault of consciousness to push his endurance limit. Then, they were only at the border of the first level and the assault of consciousness was fairly weak. Hence, there was naturally no one who wanted to cultivate there.

Jian Wushuang continued to move forward. He could feel that the assault of consciousness was growing stronger throughout the journey but he wasn’t bothered. Soon, he reached the end of the first level. Until then, he hadn’t felt restricted at all.

However, the few Universe Gods in the First Heaven obviously felt the strain, although they persisted.

The geniuses from Snow Dojo’s consciousness were naturally stronger than the others of the same level.

Almost everyone passed through the first level.

But when they reached the second level, the assault of consciousness went up to the level of a Universe God in the Second Heaven. Among the ten Universe Gods in the First Heaven, only Jian Wushuang, Long Hao and one other person managed to pull through. The remaining seven of them stopped one after another. The assault of consciousness had obviously reached the limit of what they could endure.

After a while, Long Hao and the other Universe God stopped in the middle region of the second level, while Jian Wushuang continued to move forward without hesitation.

He walked directly to the end of the second level. Then, he still didn’t look like he was going to stop but entered the third level directly.

When he arrived the third level, the assault of consciousness had arrived at the level of Universe God in the Third Heaven. However, Jian Wushuang looked normal and he didn’t seem to be straining at all.

“Although the assault of consciousness on the third level was fierce, it still couldn’t affect me?” Jian Wushuang found it strange and he asked in silence, “King of Venomous Worms, do you know my strength of consciousness is currently at which level?”

“Strength of consciousness?”

King of Venomous Worms smiled faintly and replied, “You have always been training your consciousness and Soul Power with the method your master has taught you. Plus, you’ve been through so much and also when you underwent the Inverse Cultivation Test, the training of your mind test pushed your consciousness much higher compared to the others who shared the same rank. If you are talking about the strength of consciousness alone, you should currently be at the peak of Universe God in the Second Heaven or even Universe God in the Third Heaven!”

“However, because your consciousness transformed into Soul Power long ago, Soul Power is an extremely high-end power. Hence, even though you are slightly weaker in strength, an ordinary assault of consciousness wouldn’t be able to do anything to you. Now, you are already entering the third level in Tian Yuan Mystery Land but you still aren’t affected much.”

“I reckon you’d only feel strained when you reach the middle of third level. As for your limit, it should be at the end of the third level.”

Jian Wushuang heard that and nodded.

Sure enough, when he reached the mid-region of the third level, the assault of consciousness caused a faint tingle in his head and he felt a little strained.

Then, Jian Wushuang didn’t opt to stop but continued to move forward. Soon, he arrived at the end of the third level and finally stopped.

The others who had also walked till the end of the third level were the nine Universe Gods in the Third Heaven from Snow Dojo.

There was a total of ten Universe Gods in the Third Heaven from Snow Dojo that had entered Tian Yuan Mystery Land. However, among the ten of them, the eye-catching Chen Feng had already leaped into the fourth level. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

That very moment, the nine Universe Gods in the Third Heaven noticed Jian Wushuang’s arrival and they found it unbelievable.

“Are you kidding me? A Universe God in the First Heaven walked all the way to the end of the third level? Drawing with us?”

“During the ranking battle earlier, I could tell that Jian Wushuang’s consciousness attack was extremely strong. Hence, his strength of consciousness shouldn’t be much weaker. However, I never expected his strength of consciousness to be compared favorably with us, Peak Universe Gods in the Third Heaven.”

“Universe Gods in the First Heaven who possesses such strength of consciousness. How is that possible?”

The nine Universe Gods in the Third Heaven exchanged glances in surprise and they were left speechless.

However, Jian Wushuang was unconcerned. When he reached the end of the third level, he sat down.

Then, he started cultivating Universal Dao Scripture under the pressure of the consciousness attack.

Universal Dao Scripture was a method to improve Soul Power.

When one’s Soul Power was at its limit, cultivating scripture was definitely the best shortcut to improving Soul Power.

“It’s a rare opportunity. I only have ten years’ time and I can’t miss a single second,” Jian Wushuang held his fists tight, but he was calm.

He was fully immersed into the cultivation of Universal Dao Scripture.

As for those Universe Gods in the Third Heaven who were next to him, they already recovered from the surprise and had concentrated on their own training too.