Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1345: A Fierce Battle Full with Swords and Blood

Translator:Larbre Studio

Editor:Larbre Studio

Booming!

The purple flood immediately submerged the spaceship, making resounding noises. Numerous Purple Martens were hitting the barrier of the spaceship.

The barrier almost was shaking and almost crashed

"Damn it!"

Yu Shan shouted, "All the Universe Gods of the Second Heaven should take actions to find the leader of those Purple Martens and kill it!"

Then he rushed out of the barrier.

Many Universe Gods of the Second Heaven didn't hesitate and followed him immediately.

"Luo Yu, Luo Hai!"

"Go into the cabin!"

After telling them to hide from danger, Duan Lingfeng got into the battle.

Luo Yu and Luo Hai entered into the cabin for shelter.

Bang!

A fierce battle began out of the spaceship.

Three Universe Gods in the Third Heaven and almost twenty Universe Gods in the Second Heaven fought together violently against the Purple Martens. The heavens roared.

But sooon...

Bang!

Flashes of purple light burst out, breaking the three heads of the Universe Gods in the Third Heaven apart.

"What?!"

"Damn it!!"

And those fighters soon found five much larger Purple Martens rising from the purple flood.

Those Purple Martens each had three golden lines on their backs.

"Five Three-lined Purple Martens?" Yu Shan was shocked.

The more powerful the Purple Martens were, the more lines they had on their backs.

One-Lined Purple Martens were as powerful as Universe Gods in the First Heaven.

Two-Lined Purple Martens were as powerful as Universe Gods in the Second Heaven.

Three-Lined Purple Martens were as powerful as Universe Gods in the Third Heaven.

Five Three-Lined Purple Martens were able to contain five Universe Gods in the Third Heaven.

Apart from that, there were ten Two-Lined Purple Martens and numerous Three-Lined Purple Martens.

Boom!

Those Purple Martens popped up.

Twenty Universe Gods were far less powerful than much a powerful group of Purple Martens. After just a moment, the barrier of the spaceship crashed.

And all Universe Gods in the First Heaven were confronted with the rising threat.

"Watch out!"

"Come on!"

In the sounds of screaming and shouting, all Universe Gods in the First Heaven, including Jian Wushuang, carried their weapons and started to fight against the Purple Martens.

Jian Wushuang, with his eyes full of anger, beat a Purple Marten with his Blood Mountain Sword.

The Purple Marten had intended to kill Jian Wushuang, but as Jian Wushuang waved his sword toward it, it soon lost consciousness.

It was torn apart.

But Jian Wushuang didn't stop. He waved his sword toward other Purple Martens.

Another two Purple Martens died.

Jian Wushuang killed three Purple Martens all together.

But it didn't have much of an effect on the large group of Purple Martens.

At this time...

Bang!

A roar came from the spaceship cabin. Almost ten Purple Martens rushed toward it.

Other Universe Gods didn't pay much attention to it.

But Duan Lingfeng felt alarmed.

"Oh, no!"

His face distorted, and he rushed to the cabin like crazy. But he couldn't arrive in time.

He saw that Luo Yu and Luo Hai were scared.

As many as ten Purple Martens rushed to Luo Yu and Luo Hai. No Universe Gods could help them.

Hum...

At this moment, Jian Wushuang waved his sword to the spaceship, swiftly like autumn wind and leaving no trace.

Fizz! Fizz! Fizz! Fizz! Fizz!

All Purple Martens around Luo Yu and Luo Hai stopped rushing and fell down.

Swoosh!

Jian Wushuang flew to Luo Hai and Luo Yu.

"Brother Wushuang!" Luo Hai got excited when he saw Jian Wushuang.

"Stay with me, don't move around, OK?" Jian Wushuang told them.

They nodded vehemently.

Duan Lingfeng rushed to the spaceship and finally felt relieved after he saw Luo Yu and Luo Hai were safe. Then he turned around and looked at five large Three-Lined Purple Martens.

He felt furious.

"Luo Yu and Luo Hai almost died because of these monsters!"

Duan Lingfeng clenched his hands and felt a strong desire to kill those Three-Lined Purple Martens.

"Go to hell!"

A flash of blood-red light burst out from Duan Lingfeng. His figure appeared in front of a Three-Lined Purple Marten.

Then he waved his sword.

Bang!

A blood-red sword light flashed.

Silently!

And suddenly, the boundless battlefield went silent, without any sound.

"Is that it...?"

Yu Shan and other Universe Gods turned around and looked at Duan Lingfeng.

"What?"

Jian Wushuang was also attracted to the sword light.

That sword light turned everything into silence.

Yu Shan and other Universe Gods' jaws dropped.

Jian Wushuang was also shocked.

Everything in the heavens came to a standstill.

Swoosh!

The blood-red light stabbed into the Three-Lined Purple Marten.

The Three-Lined Purple Marten, which was as powerful as Universe Gods in the Third Heaven, could hardly resist, and died under the attack of Duan Lingfeng.

And Duan Lingfeng strode forward to the second Three-Lined Purple Marten.

Bang!

Another flash of blood-red sword light appeared.

And it was still silent.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Just like this, once Duan Lingfeng strode and waved his sword, he could kill a Three-Lined Purple Marten.

Soon he had killed all the Three-Lined Purple Martens. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Five waves of his sword, five Three-Lined Purple Martens killed.

All the human cultivators couldn't believe that.

Those Two-Lined Purple Martens and Three-Lined Purple Martens roared crazily.

They felt scared that their five leaders were all killed.

They disappeared immediately from the huge purple flood.