Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1409: Jian Wushuang Did All He Could

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

On the Titanic Star.

Whiz! Whiz! Whiz!

The ghostly figure of Ling Feibai shuttled through the void and his existence could not be seen easily.

Jian Wushuang could barely detect Ling Feibai’s fast movements with his soul power. It was so fast that Jian Wushuang couldn’t spare more effort to deal with Ling Feibai’s further attack.

Ling Feibai, while shuttling through the void, continued to operate his swordsmanship to penetrate the golden Divine Ape generated by Jian Wushuang or cut the ape’s arms or head. Although Jian Wushuang could immediately restore the golden God ape with his soul power, it really exhausted his energy.

“I have to find a way to limit his power!”

Jian Wushuang blinked his eyes, turned his palms, and generated his Blaze Quicksand Gourd.

The quicksand of the gourd rushed out immediately. In an instant, the sand covered the whole vast Titanic Star, surrounding Ling Feibai and causing great difficulties to him.

“You want to limit my power with only this?” Ling Feibai grinned.

“More than that!” Jian Wushuang shouted with a loud cry as a huge, scarlet fire burst out around his divine body, forming a scarlet sea of fire in a vast area around him. He now dominated the sea.

Scarlet Kingdom, another secret skill!

He used the secret skill from the Scarlet Island. At the beginning, he could only perform the first part of the secret skill, with his overall strength improved by 70%. Now, he could display the second part!

Now with the skill, his overall strength has doubled!

Blaze Quicksand Gourd weakened Ling Feibai’s power, while Scarlet Kingdom improved Jian Wushuang’s.

Now, Jian Wushuang’s power almost matched his rival’s.

Seeing this scene, Ling Feibai thought, “You truly have many means, but unfortunately, they are useless!”

Then, Ling Fei generated a large number of waves, covering the entire Titanic Star. The waves formed a domain and, at the same time, competed with Jian Wushuang’s sand domain for dominance.

But perhaps Ling Feibai’s strength was stronger, Jian Wushuang’s sand domain was suppressed and retreated.

“He also has a domain treasure?” Jian Wushuang thought.

It was easy to understand. After all, Ling Feibai was the genius in the Lineage of Star for so many years. It was normal to get some treasures after numerous adventures.

Without the suppression of Jian Wushuang quicksand, Ling Feibai’s power exploded, making Jian Wushuang feel pain and exhausting his soul power at an astonishing speed.

“The exertion of the ape alone has made my soul’s strength extremely low. Now the Lingfeibai dependence is constantly harming the ape, and I have to constantly repair it. This consumes more of the soul’s strength. It won’t take long for my soul’s strength to be exhausted.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In every battle, participants always had a certain time to restore their divine power and soul power, and Jian Wushaung had also remaining at his peak.

Nevertheless, with his current soul power, he could not use the Divine Ape for too long.

“I have to spare no effort before the power is exhausted!”

“It would be good if I could defeat Ling Feibai. It not, I will give in”

Jian Wushuang had already made the decision.

He used his final skill, a black, mysterious spear.

It was this peculiar spear that helped him kill Bei Xiu.

“The God Killing Spear?”

“Consciousness attacks treasures?”

“And it seems that it is a high-level treasure.”

Deacons found it how remarkable the treasure was.

“Ling Feibai, you have to be careful!”

Jian Wushuang kindly reminded him, and then the dark, mysterious spear slowly floated up, appearing in the hands of the golden Divine Ape, whose power exploded.

Ling Feibai was a little surprised.

“With my remaining soul power and divine power, I can still make two attacks!”

“There you go!”

Jian Wushuang clenched his hands and a flash of light burst out.

“Secret Skill of Tian Yuan”

Bang!

The first part the Secret Skill of Tian Yuan was Inextinguishable Light!

And the second, Eternal Light!

He hadn’t been able to use the Eternal Light until his power reached the peak of a Universe God in the Third Heaven after cultivation for eight hundred years.

Eternal Light was one hundred times stronger than Inextinguishable Light.

And, while the eternal light burst out, the golden ape, a hundred feet tall, let out its power with a roar. Then, as the ape threw the God Killing Spear in his hand directly, the eternal light instantly integrated into the spear.

The eternal light got even more power when it was integrated with the spear.

Feeling alarmed, Ling Feibai waved his purple sword.

“Sunset Firmament!”

Boom!

The disciples who had been watching the battle were all astonished by the great power.

The deacons could recognize that the skill was a rank three unique skill.

Lei Feibai’s sword and Jian Wushuang’s spear collided with each other.

Bang!

The spear blasted out and the Golden Divine Ape also nearly broke down.

The Eternal Light of the spear also went into the consciousness sea in Ling Feibai’s Divine Body.

His face went pale.

As for Jian Wushuang, without the protection of the Golden Divine Ape or the Black Tortoise, he was directly blasted out.