Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1414: Challenge

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Hearing what Su Rou said, Lei Chao turned pale with rage.

The surrounding experts from Dark Phoenix Pavilion looked strange. They had known since long ago about the ambiguous relationship between their Pavilion Master and Lei Chao. Hence, they wasn’t surprised by Su Roy’s action.

Soon, Lei Chao let out a sigh and looked at Jian Wushuang again, “Jian Wushuang, go ahead and exchange some experiences with the disciples from Dark Phoenix Pavilion.

“Alright,” Jian Wushuang nodded.

As Jian Wushuang agreed, the disciples from Dark Phoenix Pavilion on the training ground beamed with joy.

The few that had wanted to launch an attack long ago immediately came forward.

“Jian Wushuang, I… Core disciple of Dark Phoenix Pavilion, Liu Shaer, want to challenge you!”

“I’ve heard that the disciple of Star Palace from Lineage of Star are all gifted and they are all monstrous. I finally get to see it with my own eyes. Fight with me!”

“Jian Wushuang, let me challenge you!”

“I’d like to see how strong the disciple of Star Palace is!”

In the noise, there were almost a dozen disciples from Dark Phoenix Pavilion who stood out.

Those disciples had soaring fighting intentions. They were dying to fight Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang creased his eyebrows.

“There’s too many of you. If I were to take every single challenge, God knows how long it would take. As you are all from the same sect, you should know one another’s power well. Why not pick three of your strongest to fight me,” Jian Wushuang said swiftly.

Hearing what Jian Wushuang had said, the disciples from Dark Phoenix Pavilion quickly agreed.

In a short while, three people appeared before Jian Wushuang.

All three of them were female.

“Jian Wushuang, I’m Liu Shaer. I’m at the third place among the Universe Gods in the Second Heaven in Dark Phoenix Pavilion. I’ll fight against you first.”

The maiden in a red robe named Liu Shaer held a long whip as she stared at Jian Wushuang.

“Let’s begin.”

Jian Wushuang looked solemn as he thought, “As they are coming at me because of my identity as a disciple of Star Palace, I can lose the names of the disciple of Star Palace. I shall put the dreamland technique to work straight away and take care of them straightforwardly!”

Jian Wushuang had made up his mind.

Very soon, Liu Shaer took action. The long whip in her hand suddenly transformed into a huge green dragon. The huge dragon gave out a strong power and charged toward Jian Wushuang.

Before the disciples of Dark Phoenix Pavilion, Jian Wushuang didn’t move an inch, nor did he take out his Blood Mountain Sword. But there was a flash of crimson light that erupted in his eyes.

The crimson light was like a crimson sun, extremely eye-catching.

Everyone was attracted by the crimson sun uncontrollably.

“Ah!”

Liu Shaer screamed in pain and she went pale in agony. However, Jian Wushuang let out a sigh leisurely and dotted Liu Shaer’s forehead with his fingertip. He then dismissed the dreamland.

Without the influence of dreamland, Liu Shaer had her consciousness recovered but she realized that Jian Wushuang’s finger was on her forehead.

If Jian Wushuang were using a sword instead of his finger, she’d be dead.

“How could this be?”

Liu Shaer looked like she was in disbelief. She couldn’t accept what had happened.

“You lost.”

Jian Wushuang said softly and turned to leave.

Liu Shaer looked lost but the very next movement, she clenched her fist and looked at Jian Wushuang in his eyes as she stepped back. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The sight stirred up a commotion among the disciples from Dark Phoenix Pavilion surrounding the training field.

“Senior Liu Shaer was defeated so easily?”

“It’s dreamland. Senior Liu Shaer just drowned into phantasmagoria!”

“Such a terrifying phantasmagoria.”

The disciples from Dark Phoenix Pavilion were astonished.

He had lived up to his name as a disciple of Star Palace. He defeated Liu Shaer who was at the third place in Dark Phoenix Pavilion.

“Lei Chao, your disciple in Lineage of Star has a really strong consciousness. His phantasmagoria seems impressive,” Su Rou stoke a glance at Lei Chao.

“He’s not only good at this. However, the geniuses in Dark Phoenix Pavilion shouldn’t be able to force him to put in his full effort,” Lei Chao said.

“Oh, yeah?” Su Rou sneered.

Then, the genius disciple on the second place took a stand.

It’s a pity that the disciple was around Liu Shaer’s standard. Her only advantage over Liu Shaer was that she knew that Jian Wushuang was good at consciousness attacks and phantasmagoria, so she took preventative measures. Even though she was prepared, she couldn’t resist Jian Wushuang’s phantasmagoria.

The two geniuses were defeated in an instant.

Her defeated outcome was the same as Liu Shaer.

Of the strongest three from Dark Phoenix Pavilion, two were defeated in the blink of an eye. The last was a beautiful lady in black with a cold aura.

There was a murderous manner in the beautiful lady’s eyes.

“Ling Er, give your all. Don’t embarrass your Master,” Su Rou spoke.

“Master? How dare you take a disciple of your own?” Lei Chao looked at Su Rou in shock.

“Why? Can’t I?” Su Rou laughed.

Lei Chao shrugged and remained silent.

Jian Wushuang looked at the girl in black before him. He could feel that the girl in black was much stronger than the two previous girls.

“Come on,” Jian Wushuang’s voice was cold.

“As you wish,” the girl in black didn’t hesitate. She moved her wrist and a black long spear appeared in her hand. Her figure moved and she appeared before Jian Wushuang in an instant.

Swoosh!

The black long spear went through the void and flew towards Jian Wushuang.

“So fast?” Jian Wushuang was surprised.

Amongst Universe Gods in the Second Heaven, the only person who used a spear like this was Long Feibai. He was only slightly faster than this girl in black – just slightly.

Vroom. The boundless Soul Power swept out and suddenly Jian Wushuanghad created a huge black tortoise.

He blocked the girl in black’s attack with the tortoise shell while he quickly lifted his head to put Eighteen Asura Hell secret skill to play.

One would not be able to resist if he or she didn’t have a certain level of consciousness strength!

The terrifying effect of dreamland surged around them and the girl in black looked shocked. However, she recovered very quickly and the black long spear in her hand never paused.

“She blocked it so easily?” Jian Wushuang looked surprised.

Bang!

The black long spear hit the black tortoise shell and a fierce power erupted. It shook the black tortoise vigorously. Kacha kacha… There were a few fine cracks on the surface of the black tortoise and the very next moment, it exploded.

“Broke my black tortoise defense with one stab?” Jian Wushuang was surprised and he didn’t dare to drag on the match for any longer. A sudden boundless Soul Power soared.

“Roar!”

Along with the earth-shattering roar, a gold Divine Ape that was more than three hundred meters tall and had a soaring rage suddenly appeared in the universe.

…