Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1415: Mind Cliff

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

As the golden Divine Ape appeared, its enormous power instantly converged on the palm of the ape’s right hand.

Boom!

The Divine Ape punched the woman’s black spear directly.

Bang!

With a loud noise, the powerful collision of the spear and the Divine Ape caused a great force to the woman, making her hands numb. The woman got nervous.

The golden ape moved forward step by step and continued the attack. Boom! Boom! Boom!

Several big fists fell in succession with great power.

The woman dressed in black defended with her spear, generating a strange whirlpool to engulf everything including the attacking force of the Ape.

Bang! The sound of continuous collisions resounded.

Finally, the woman couldn’t resist any more. She was blasted out directly, extremely weak and exhausted.

The giant golden Divine Ape that Jian Wushuang generated continued to grow in power, showing no sign of weakening.

“You are defeated.”

Jian Wushuang looked at the woman indifferently and calmly, but he was shocked in his mind. “I had to generate the Divine Ape dozens of times, nearly consuming seventy percent of my power to defeat her. If she had used other secret skills instead of confronting me face to face, maybe I would have lost the game…”

“Although the Dark Phoenix Pavilion can’t be compared with the Lineage of Star, the best disciples here are no worse than disciples in the Star Palace.”

As for the woman in black, she clenched her hands tightly, her eyes full of unwillingness.

“Ling Er, you can go back.” Su Rou said.

The woman nodded slightly and went away.

“Su Rou, she is an excellent disciple, she is too proud.” Lei Chao said, “If she didn’t choose to confront Jian Wushuang face-to-face, but relied on her other secret skills, she may have prevailed against the attack of the Golden Divine Ape.”

“She’s like you.” Lei Chao knew very well that Su Rou was also a proud lady.

“Well, there’s no excuse for the defeat. We lost.” Su Rou said indifferently. “It’s incredible for a Universe God in the Second Heaven to have such a strong consciousness, and also to have a such a good command of the Five Beast Soul Manipulation Knack. He is worth the reputation of Star Palace.”

“Now, can you take us to the Mind Cliff?” Lei Chao asked.

“Come with me.” Su Rou said.

Soon, Jian Wushuang and Lei Chao were heading for the Mind Cliff with Su Rou.

Jian Wushuang’s battle with Ling Er had caused a stir in the battlefield.

“Disciples of the Star Palace are indeed powerful!”

“That’s true! I thought that Ling Er was already one of the most powerful Universe God in the Second Heaven, but I was wrong.”

“But although Ling Er lost, she could almost catch up with Jian Wushuang in terms of the overall strength.”

The discussion continued for a long time.

The disciples had never seen the strength of the Star Palace disciples before. They had some doubts about the strength of the Star Palace disciples and wanted to challenge them.

But now they had really witnessed the battle and realized that they were far behind.

…

The Mind Cliff, located in the center of Dark Phoenix Pavilion, was a huge mountain, standing tall.

And this, the mountain was covered by a special power force.

“Now we are in the Mind Cliff.” Su Rou said.

Jian Wushuang looked at the huge mountain in front of him. The mountain was so tall that Jian Wushuang couldn’t see the peak.

In the middle of the mountain, there was a stairway leading to the top of the mountain.

The stairway looked extraordinary.

“Heart Cliff has a total of 999 steps, and each step is an experience for the heart. The higher the stair is, the more difficult it is for the heart.” Su Rou said, “Jian Wushuang, since you have come here to cultivate your mind, you can first try your best to step on these steps and see how many you can climb.”

“I see.”

Jian Wushuang nodded and started to move to the bottom of the mountain.

As soon as he had stepped on the first step, a strong force came to surround him.

“Phantasmagoria?” Jian Wushuang realized what the force was.

Phantasmagoria was aimed at the consciousnesses and minds of cultivators.

Specifically, being able to resist the Phantasmagoria depended on the strength of the consciousness.

If the consciousness was not enough, cultivators should turn to their mind.

For example, the Eighteen Asura Hell was a powerful Phantasmagoria. Cultivators without a strong consciousness had to undergo all kinds of torments. So, it was also a test of mind. Only cultivators with a resilient mind could survive such a torment, or they would go mad.

Now on the first step of the Mind Cliff, he couldn’t resist the Phantasmagoria only with his consciousness strength. He could keep his mind peaceful and resilient.

This Phantasmagoria was like a prison. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Bang!

Jian Wushuang was tied to a pillar and could not move, while someone wielded a whip around his body and beat him crazily, causing many scars and resulting in a painful heart.

“This physical pain? It’s nothing!”

Jian Wushuang thought it was nothing. He stayed calm and smiled.

This first level of the Phantasmagoria was only the physical pain of a cultivators’ body and only a tiny mental pain, which even ordinary people who were patient enough could easily bear, let alone Jian Wushuang

.

With a faint smile, Jian Wushuang resisted the whipping and kept still.

A moment later, the first level of the Phantasmagoria collapsed, and Jian Wushuang managed to step onto the second step.

The second step was still the physical pain of flesh and skin. However, the pain was such that Jian Wushuang’s skin peeled!

…

Near the heart cliff, Lei Chao stood side by side with Su Rou. They watched Jian Wushuang walking up the steps. From beginning to the end, Jian Wushuang stayed calm and he finally got into the 201st floor.

“It’s all on the 201st floor, but he was still calm. His mind is not weak at all.” Su Rou said.

“You are right.” Lei Chao nodded.

“Then why did you decide to send him here?” Su Rou asked.