Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1446: Myriad Beasts Idol

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Rumble!

A black and a white ray of unusual sword light merged together perfectly and there was a huge, black-and-white whirlpool that appeared out of nowhere.

The Formation of the Enduring Samsara… It was the strongest technique that Jian Wushuang had created through the Painting of Understanding Sword via Reincarnation over a dozen years!

Although the technique wasn’t a Real God unique skill, it had reached the extreme limit of a rank three unique skill!

The huge, black-and-white whirlpool and the two golden suns collided.

There wasn’t any ferocious rumble like how they had imagined, nor was there any explosion of terrifying power. There were only noises from the two bolts of forces madly colliding with one another.

The two bolts of strength were continuously wearing down but, finally, the golden sun had won by a notch. However, after the golden sun defeated the black-and-white whirlpool, it didn’t have much strength left. Hence, it couldn’t have any effect on Jian Wushuang’s divine body.

“He withstood my technique directly?” Zhao Han squinted his eyes.

“Jian Wushuang, I can tell that you’ve already comprehended a slight bit of Power of Heavenway. It’s only a matter of time until you enter the Universe God ranking list. You probably wouldn’t need much time to catch up with me on the ranking. A genius like you is someone I’d really love to eliminate ahead of time. However, I will honor my words. As you withstood my attack earlier, I shall show mercy.”

“Please leave.”

Zhao Han stood there as he stared at Jian Wushuang as though he was watching his junior.

“You sound as though you are being lenient and letting me live but I didn’t see your ability to kill me,” Jian Wushuang sneered, “Zhao Han, if you were to really have the ability to kill me, show me. Otherwise… You, an expert on the Universe God ranking list, shall die here today.”

“Jian Wushuang, are you trying to die?” Zhao Han’s face turned cold.

He really didn’t want to kill Jian Wushuang.

Firstly, Jian Wushuang wasn’t that weak. Unless he performed that technique, otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to kill him. However, it wouldn’t be easy for him to perform the technique. Unless it was necessary, he wouldn’t perform it.

Secondly, Jian Wushuang was a disciple of Star Palace. He had scruples towards Lineage of Star, after all.

If Jian Wushuang were to provoke him, he had no alternative.

“Hehe, I’m trying to die? The person who is trying to die might be you,” Jian Wushuang’s voice was cold and the aura in his body continued to strengthen.

“Humph, if so, you can’t blame me then,” Zhao Han’s eyes were covered with murderous intention as an enormous amount of divine power crazily soared.

Rumble! There were suddenly three huge figures behind Zhao Han.

The three huge figures were three golden idols that were tens of thousands of meters tall. The three golden idols looked as though they had the power to break the heaven and the earth.

Zhao Han, who created the three golden idols, his face became ferocious and his eyes were red.

“This is… Myriad Beasts Idols?”

King of Venomous Worms, who resided in Jian Wushuang’s body, suddenly exclaimed.

“Myriad Beasts Idols?” What’s that?” Jian Wushuang asked closely. He could feel the terrifying power of the three golden idols.

“Myriad Beasts Idols is a kind of powerful secret skill that was specially created for experts who can comprehend Myriad Beasts Doctrine. The secret skill gathers the power of idol and every idol will be extremely strong. When the three idols gather together, it is enough for Zhao Han to enhance his strength to another level,” King of Venomous Worms said, “However, I can tell that Zhao Han has barely comprehended Myriad Beasts Doctrine. Hence, he can barely perform the secret skill. I reckon it should countercharge him too. It is the power of idol, after all. It isn’t so easily controlled.”

“Zhao Han has such a trump card?” Jian Wushuang creased his eyebrows and his face grew extremely solemn.

“Jian Wushuang, die!”

Zhao Han let out a furious roar, then he took a heavy step and clapped.

The three tall golden idols suddenly let out brilliant golden light.

The three powers of idol flowed into Zhao Han’s hands and his palm became extremely terrifying.

Rumble. The towering golden palm slammed down on Jian Wushuang directly. Before the palm descended, the mere handprint brought about a terrifying pressuring force and the blood in Jian Wushuang started boiling and churning as though the bones all over his body were going to explode.

Then, the golden palm finally arrived.

Just then…

“Roar!”

There was a sudden angry roar that could break the universe. Underneath the golden palm, there was an extremely rich golden light that soared.

There was a divine ape soared up while it engulfed in golden light. The divine ape appeared and immediately let out a terrifying roar. Then, it straightaway knocked the golden palm away.

In the void, Jian Wushuang stood coldly as he held Blood Mountain Sword in his hands while the golden divine ape that soared up from his body also held a huge sword in his hand with towering aura.

His personal eruption of divine power, in combination with the extreme explosion of Soul Power, had formed a divine ape. It was a perfect match of personal divine power and Soul Power. Jian Wushuang’s fighting power was billowing.

“How could he?”

Zhao Han, who was under the illusionary image of the three idols, saw the divine ape that Jian Wushuang had created and his face grew grave.

He never thought that after he played his trump card Jian Wushuang could still withstand his attack.

“Zhao Han, you and I, let’s battle again!”

Jian Wushuang, who was engulfed in the golden divine ape, had fighting intention. He fixed his gaze on Zhao Han then took a huge stride forward. The huge golden divine ape suddenly charged forward.

“Sh*t!”

There was fear from the bottom of Zhan Han’s heart.

“It is too difficult for me to perform Myriad Beast Idols. Forget about how long I can even stand, handling the counter-charge itself from performing Myriad Beasts Idols is suffocating enough but Jian Wushuang… It is obviously not difficult for him to perform his masterstroke. If we continue to fight, I will be at a disadvantage.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Zhao Han thought and immediately made a decision.

“Dumbasses, what are you doing there? Hurry up and take action. Kill Su Hong!”

“Pang Bo, hurry up!”

Zhao Han let out a roar and he looked as though he was going to bother Jian Wushuang again.

Pang Bo and the dozens of Universe Gods in the Third Heaven who were around the battlefield immediately came back to reality.

Actually, they took action long ago. However, Jian Wushuang and Zhao Han’s fighting impact was too huge. They hid far away as they were afraid that they might be impacted. Hence, their fight naturally ceased.

Then, when they heard Zhao Han’s bellow, Pang Bo and his troop quickly took action again.

They just moved and Jian Wushuang, who was at the core of the battlefield, his face changed and immediately the huge divine ape suddenly shook and appeared before Su Hong. His cold gaze swept towards Pang Bo and the Universe Gods in the Third Heaven.

…