Chapter 1447: The Second Part Of The Task Completed

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“This…”

Looking at Jian Wushuang who stood right at the front, Pang Bo and his troop were frightened. His figure paused in the void too.

“Jian Wushuang, I, Zhao Han, will remember what happened today. In the future, I must take revenge.” Zhao Han’s cold voice rang.

“Mister Zhao Han left?”

“Hurry up and let’s go!”

“With Jian Wushuang around, it’s impossible for us to kill Su Hong. Let’s go!”

Pang Bo and the other Universe Gods in the Third Heaven weren’t stupid either. They naturally left immediately.

Looking at everyone leaving, Jian Wushuang didn’t chase and the people in Hong Ri Mercenary Group let out a breath of relief.

The huge golden divine ape on the surface of Jian Wushuang slowly dispersed. He watched the direction the crimson spaceship went in and his face grew solemn.

“Expert on Universe God ranking list, he lives up to his reputation!” Jian Wushuang muttered.

He had given his all during his earlier battle. He put all his techniques to play but he could only be evenly matched with Zhao Han.

“Zhao Han comprehends Myriad Beasts Doctrine. He should be one notch higher than I in terms of realization. Plus, he created a Real God unique skill and even possesses strong secret skills like Myriad Beasts Idols!”

“Compared to him, my comprehension of Reincarnation Doctrine and my unique skills are slightly weaker. The reason why I could be evenly matched with him was because of the combination of Soul Power and personal divine power, and also my possession of various treasures and secret skills…”

“With such power, he will only be seventy-sixth on the Universe God ranking list. I really wonder just how powerful are those people before him. Especially those above twenty and those in the top ten, Just how scary of a monster are they?”

Jian Wushuang clenched his fist.

He had just broken through and become Universe God in the Second Heaven after all. There was still extremely huge space for improvement.

Only when he had reached his peak might he be qualified to be evenly matched with the top twenty on the Universe God ranking list and those monsters in the top ten.

“Jian Wushuang.”

Su Hong’s voice was heard from behind, “I never thought Chu Sect was capable of hiring an expert on Universe God ranking list. Luckily, we have you. Otherwise, we would be doomed.”

Su Hong was glad. At the same time, he marveled at his power. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

One should know that Zhao Han was a true expert on Universe God ranking list and he was at the seventy-sixth place on the list. With such power, Jian Wushuang had forced him to retreat?

Just how strong was Jian Wushuang?

Not any weaker than Zhao Han, right?

“Experts on Universe God ranking list are extremely rare. Chu Sect was able to hire Zhao Han and he was already really hard to come by. It is impossible for them to hire another expert on Universe God ranking list who is stronger than Zhao Han to kill you at such short notice. Plus, the two persons among Hong Ri Mercenary Group were exposed. Without the two of them providing information, the experts from Chu Sect won’t be able to trace us in the boundless void. Hence… On our journey, we won’t come across any danger,” Jian Wushuang explained.

Su Hong beamed with joy.

“Let’s continue our journey.”

Jian Wushuang didn’t say much but urged everyone to depart once again.

The group leader of Hong Ri Mercenary Group, Yu Gang, quickly took out a brand new spaceship and everyone continued their journey on the new spaceship.

On the way, the people of Hong Ri Mercenary Group treated Jian Wushuang even more reverently.

After all, forgetting about the fact that Jian Wushuang was a disciple of Star Palace, his capability to force Zhao Han’s retreat alone had instilled fear in them.

On the other hand, in Lineage of Star, in the cave dwelling that was made of special gemstones, Hall Master Yuan received an update.

“Chu Sect sent Zhao Han, who was at the seventy-sixth place on Universe God ranking list to stop and kill him, but in the end he couldn’t complete his mission. Zhao Han fought a battle against Jian Wushuang and they were evenly matched? How is this possible?”

After receiving the news, even Hall Master Yuan was shocked.

But, very soon, he calmed down.

“It seems that I’ve belittled the young man’s potential.”

“To be able to fight against Zhao Han like that, his power definitely reached a standard to be listed on the Universe God ranking list. Plus, he had just passed through his second Inverse Cultivation Test and it had only been a hundred years. If he were to continue to improve, he could reach the top twenty on the Universe God ranking list, or even the top ten. Until he passes through his Inverse Cultivation Test in the Third Heaven, it should be easy for him to be listed in the top ten on the Universe God ranking list. Such a gifted genius, there’s never been one in the history of Lineage of Star!”

“On top of that, he’s an inverse cultivator!”

Hall Master Yuan was beaming with joy.

“This young man, the arrangement that I specially made for him wasn’t in vain!”

“I hope he can continue to surprise me.”

…

In the boundless void, the following journey went as predicted by Jian Wushuang.

They didn’t come across any other experts that Chu Sect sent and only encountered some bandits.

But none of those bandits came to find trouble with them.

In a dozen years, the troop traveled across the boundless void and stepped foot in Purple Moon Sanctuary.

“The second part of the task is finally completed,” Jian Wushuang had a smile on his face.

The second part of the task was definitely much more dangerous than the first part of the task.

Not only did they come across Hei Longshan, most importantly, they encountered the attempted murder from the experts sent by Chu Sect. They even had experts on the Universe God ranking list to launch the attack.

However, to Jian Wushuang, it was a great reward that he could fight a battle against an expert on the Universe God ranking list.

To obtain another chance to enter Real God Hall after the completion of the task, the reward itself was abundant.

“Su Hong, my task is to escort you to Purple Moon Sanctuary. As we’ve arrived, for the rest of the journey you’ll have to rely on yourself,” Jian Wushuang looked at Su Hong.

“Thank you so much for escorting me on this journey.”

Su Hong was extremely grateful. As soon as he arrived at Purple Moon Sanctuary, the experts from Su Family found him. With the experts form Su Family around, Chu Sect wouldn’t be able to play any more tricks. In other words, he was already out of danger.

“Take care!”

Jian Wushuang said and then turned to leave.

Su Hong and Universe Gods in Hong Ri Mercenary Groups watched Jian Wushuang as he left. Everyone was sighing.

“If everything goes to plan, on the Universe God ranking list, there will be Mister Jian Wushuang’s name in no time.”

“Definitely. To be able to fight against Zhao Han like that, he definitely will enter Universe God ranking list!”

“From what I can see, not only will Jian Wushuang be listed on the Universe God ranking list, his ranking will surpass Zhao Han’s in no time!”

“Tsk tsk. When will I be able to have Mister Jian Wushuang’s power?”