Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1453: Experts In The Prison

Translator:?Larbre Studio?Editor:?Larbre Studio

“Regional treasure?”

The golden exotic beast noticed the regional power from the surrounding and it felt stressed. But then, its back suddenly grew a pair of golden wings. With the golden wings, its traveling speed suddenly increased and it flew through the quicksand instantly.

Although the blazing quicksand formed pressure, it couldn’t stop the beast. In the blink of an eye, the golden exotic beast dashed out from the blazing quicksand region.

“He ran away?” Jian Wushuang’s facial expression changed.

In the nearby void, after the golden exotic beast ran away from the glazing quicksand, it stopped. Then, the golden exotic beast slowly dispersed and revealed its original appearance of a human man.

He was a skinny, cold-looking young man. The young man’s eyes looked devilish and he was looking at Jian Wushuang.

“Newbie, not too shabby,” the young man smiled.

“Who are you?” Jian Wushuang stared at the young man.

“I’m Luo Meng. I was once famous in one of the Holy Kingdoms. But now, just like you, I’m a pathetic prisoner of Sky Sword Prison,” the young man Luo Meng made fun of himself.

“How long have you been imprisoned in Sky Sword Prison?” Jian Wushuang asked.

“Not long. About eighty thousand years,” Luo Meng replied at ease but, in actual fact, he already knew just how dangerous it was to live in Sky Sword Prison.

“Newbie, let me remind you. Although you’re quite powerful, stronger than I am, there are many people who could kill you in Sky Sword Prison. Hence, you’d better not move around the prison as you wish. It’d be best if you were to be like me, find a spot to hide. Then, you’ll be able to live,” Luo Meng said.

“We are all people who are imprisoned in Sky Sword Prison. I’ve never once provoked them, why would they want to kill me?” Jian Wushuang creased his eyebrows and asked.

“It seems that you don’t know anything about the rules in Sky Sword Prison. But, that makes sense. When I was first thrown in Sky Sword Prison, I was just like you,” Luo Meng smiled faintly and continued, “It is rare to come across a newbie in Sky Sword Prison. I might as well share what I know with you.”

“It is needless for me to explain about the origins of Sky Sword Prison. It was created by the owner of Sky Sword Mountain especially to imprison experts. Ever since Sky Sword Prison existed, there have been more than a few millions of experts, or maybe a few billions experts imprisoned in Sky Sword Prison over the years.”

“Why are there be so many?” Jian Wushuang didn’t understand.

Sky Sword Mountain was famous in Eternal Chaotic World and the owner of Sky Sword Mountain was an Almighty. Generally speaking, there would be almost none who had the guts to offend such a strong force.

For instance, he himself had only offended the owner of Sky Sword Mountain in order to complete the task that Lineage of Star assigned. Otherwise, he wouldn’t offend such a powerful force.

As there was no one who had the guts to provoke him, why would there be so many experts imprisoned in Sky Sword Prison?

“You thought only those who offended Sky Sword Mountain would be imprisoned in Sky Sword Prison?” Luo Meng sneered at him, “Let me tell you, among the cultivators who are imprisoned in Sky Sword Prison, ninety-nine percent of them weren’t imprisoned in Sky Sword Mountain because they offended Sky Sword Mountain but because they committed crimes in various Holy Kingdoms. Some of them massacred, some offended experts of a higher level, some were dragged in. In short, there are many reasons to be imprisoned.”

“Like me, I am imprisoned due to my connections with my own sect.”

“Connections?” Jian Wushuang was confused.

“The sect that I was in was destroyed entirely because we offended the royal in the Holy Kingdom that we were in. Then, Universe Gods who were in the Third Heaven and above from the sect were sent to Sky Sword Prison. Naturally, it included me,” Luo Meng smiled faintly, “From what I know, the owner of Sky Sword Mountain, who created Sky Sword Prison, looks like he only controlled Sky Sword Mountain. But in actual fact, he controls a total of seventy-two Holy Kingdoms in Eternal Chaotic World. They are all appendages to Sky Sword Mountain.

Among the seventy-two Holy Kingdoms, whichever cultivator conducted iniquity or offended the royal cultivators, any Universe God below the Third Heaven would be eliminated directly while cultivators who were of a level higher than Universe God in the Third Heaven would be sent into Sky Sword Prison.”

“After all these years, tell me, just how many cultivators are there who have been imprisoned in Sky Sword Prison?”

Jian Wushuang asked and he was astonished.

A total of seventy-two Holy Kingdoms!

Holy Kingdoms. Although it was far beyond comparison with cultivation sanctuaries, a Holy Kingdom covered a wide expanse of territory and the number of cultivators was huge. It was definitely an astronomical figure.

There were countless Universe Gods in the Holy Kingdom. Of course, there would be some Real Gods too. A total of seventy-two Holy Kingdoms… Then, there must be an even larger number of cultivators.

Over the years, there was definitely a large number of Universe God in the Third Heaven who had committed crime or offended a royal member. The number of a few million or a few billion was normal.

“Not long after the cultivators were imprisoned in Sky Sword Prison, the owner of Sky Sword Mountain set a rule for Sky Sword Prison. All prisoners in the prison could kill other prisoners in exchange for an opportunity to leave.”

“A Universe God in the Third Heaven is required to kill a hundred cultivators of the same level, or ten Real Gods who are above his level. Then, he can leave.”

“As for Real God, they have to kill a thousand Universe Gods in the Third Heaven to be able to leave.”

“Sky Sword Prison has a unique ability. It can gauge how many people you killed in the prison. Generally, there won’t be a mistake.”

“It is the only chance for us prisoners to leave Sky Sword Prison,”Luo Meng explained. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Oh, I see. No wonder, you said that the prisoners in Sky Sword Prison, including yourself, would want to kill me,” Jian Wushuang nodded as he understood.

But, he suddenly responded. “You said earlier that there are Real Gods imprisoned here too?”

“Yes, quite a number of them,” Luo Meng said.

“Real Gods are far stronger than Universe Gods in the Third Heaven. Even the weakest Real God should be able to create a massacre in the prison. It shouldn’t be difficult to kill a thousand Universe Gods in the Third Heaven, right?” Jian Wushuang creased his eyebrows and asked.

“It isn’t as easy as you thought it’d be.” Luo Meng smiled, “In Sky Sword Prison, comparing Real Gods with Universe Gods in the Third Heaven, the ratio wasn’t as one-sided. After all, all cultivators who are imprisoned in Sky Sword Prison are restricted by the limitation in Sky Sword Prison. Everyone’s divine power is capped at the level of a Peak Universe God in the Third Heaven.”

“In other words, even if one were a Real God who was extremely powerful, his divine power would be capped at the level of a Peak Universe God in the Third Heaven while he’s in here.”