Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1462: Succeeding in Unique Skill

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Real God Peng Yu was the first Real God that Jian Wushuang had fought against. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Jian Wushuang felt pressured when he was fighting with Real God Peng Yu.

Although it was said that Real Gods in the Sky Sword Prison were restrained and their divine power was capped at the level of a Peak Universe God in the Third Heaven, the Real Gods’ divine bodies, including their unique skills and secret skills that they possessed, wouldn’t be restrained. For instance, as a Real God, he had to create a unique skill of Real God level. It was obviously much easier compared to a Universe God.

Even if he was the weakest kind of Real God, the Real God unique skill that he had created would be very impressive too.

Then, Jian Wushuang continued to wander through Sky Sword Prison. He relied on his Soul Power and found experts who were at the top of the third level and fought against them.

Including the Real Gods of the third level. Jian Wushuang didn’t intend to let them off the hook. As long as he came across them, he would have a battle with them. Exchanging blows with Real Gods was very beneficial to Jian Wushuang compared to fighting against the Universe Gods in the third level. As for the second level… Jian Wushuang had yet to have the guts to challenge the experts of the second level.

Their differences were too vast.

In all the vigorous battles they fought, Jian Wushuang was constantly improving and perfecting his swordsmanship.

He was also perfecting his unique skill.

He had already created two rank three Strongest Unique Skill. Then, he naturally wanted to create a Real God unique skill, but Real God unique skill… Jian Wushuang felt that he was not far from it.

Sky Sword Mountain, underneath the nine Sword Mountains, in the cave dwelling.

The owner of Sky Sword Mountain who was sitting there already opened his eyes. His sight looked through the void and he watched everything in Sky Sword Prison.

He had been eyeing Sky Sword Prison for a few years.

“The young man from Lineage of Star… He didn’t hunt those prisoners who are weak and categorized in the fourth level. On the contrary, he constantly looks for experts at the top of the third level, including Real Gods, to train his swordsmanship?”

“He treated Sky Sword Prison as his training field?”

“He’s quite interesting.”

The owner of Sky Sword Mountain muttered and quickly closed his eyes.

In Sky Sword Prison, the time flew past.

To the prisoners in prison, time was cheap.

Most of them were imprisoned in the prison for many years and they had lost all concept of time.

In a spacious, barren land, Jian Wushuang held his sword with one hand and stood right in the middle. In the surrounding land, there were strokes of sword marks. The surface of the sword marks were extremely smooth and it was obviously due to extremely sharp swordsmanship.

Vroom!!!

Boundless sword intention suddenly soared from Jian Wushuang’s body as Jian Wushuang’s eyes let out terrifying light.

He held Blood Mountain Sword with both his hands and it shook slightly. There was boundless crimson light on the surface of the blade.

The boundless crimson light formed a huge crimson river while Jian Wushuang was the focus of the crimson river.

“Go.”

Jian Wushuang released the tension and the force that had accumulated in Blood Mountain Sword to the extreme suddenly erupted.

“Wow!”

So fast that there was almost crimson lightning in the air.

Ridiculously fast.

The crimson swordlight pierced through the void and left an enormous amount of crimson light. It took very long to disperse.

The crimson light hit the ground before them and the ground instantly had a huge sword mark that covered an expanse of a few hundred miles. The sword mark was as smooth as ice and without any bumpiness. On the surface of the mark, there was a faint crimson light and terrifying sword intention.

“Done!” Jian Wushuang stood in the void and revealed a joyful expression.

Ever since he had been imprisoned in Sky Sword Prison, it had been a total of thirteen hundred years.

In the thirteen hundred years, he had been fighting ferocious battles with the prisoners in Sky Sword Prison. In order to train his swordsmanship, he had been trying to figure out ways to create a Real God unique skill.

Then, through the battles with the experts, including Real Gods, and in collaboration of his comprehension of The Painting of Understanding Sword via Reincarnation, he had finally created his own Real God unique skill.

Jian Wushuang named it “Crimson Light’.

“Although it took a total of thirteen hundred years, it was considered a miracle to be able to create this move,” Jian Wushuang clenched his fist as he grew hot with emotions.

His comprehension power was extremely high. If he were to be a Universe God in the Third Heaven, training in Sky Sword Prison with the aid of The Painting of Understanding Sword via Reincarnation, it would have been rather easy to create a Real God unique skill.

He wouldn’t have wasted so much time.

However, he was just a Universe God in the Second Heaven, after all.

A Universe God in the Second Heaven who could create a rank-three Strongest Unique Skill was already considered the monster of monsters.

As for a unique skill of the Real God level, under normal circumstances, it wouldn’t be something a Universe God in the Second Heaven could achieve.

But Jian Wushuang had. It was really a miracle.

At least Jian Wushuang had yet to hear of any Universe Gods in the Second Heaven who had created a Real God Unique Skill in Eternal Chaotic World.

For instance, Ling Baifei who was the top among all Universe God in the Second Heaven from Lineage of Star, had only created a rank three Strongest unique skill.

“To be able to create a Real God unique skill is already considered a miracle. However, at my stage as Universe God in the Second Heaven, I’m afraid it will be impossible if I want to create another, stronger unique skill. I can only create a unique skill of the same level at most,” Jian Wushuang sighed.

As a cultivator, regardless of his level, there would be a limit that each level would reach. It was also inevitable for an inverse cultivator.

Jian Wushuang was a Universe God in the Second Heaven. His limitation in unique skill would be creating a Real God unique skill. It would be impossible if he wanted to increase its level.

Unless he passed through his Inverse God’s Test in the Third Heaven and became a Universe God in the Third Heaven, then his unique skill could be leveled up further.

“I’ve created Real God unique skill and my comprehension of Reincarnation Doctrine has improved tremendously in the thirteen hundred years. The first three images in the Painting of Understanding Sword via Reincarnation, I already fully comprehended the first and comprehended more than half of the second. As for close-body combat, I have also improved a lot. The current me is qualified to squeeze into the second level in terms of my power!” Jian Wushuang smiled.

Of the four levels of experts in Sky Sword Prison, there were twenty-eight in the second level. Among the twenty-eight of them, there were twenty-six of them who had already comprehended a slight bit of the Power of Heaven Way while the other two were Universe Gods who were highly talented.

But then, Jian Wushuang was confident that he should be able to squeeze into the second level.

As for his level among the twenty-eight experts in the second level, he had to fight against the experts in the second level before he could find out.

Jian Wushuang quickly moved within Sky Sword Prison and started looking for experts of the second level.

…