Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1477: Insane Massacre

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Jian Wushuang had killed Real God Huo Yuan. Although this matter had shocked the Blood Emperor, he was not too concerned about it.

It was merely a Real God at the lowest level. Since he was killed, so be it.

However, a mere ten days had passed since the incident with Real God Huo Yuan.

Similarly, Real God Qi Lin, who was under the command of the Blood Emperor, had sent a message to the Blood Emperor saying that he had met Jian Wushuang. Both of them were engaged in an intense fight and he wanted the Blood Emperor to rush over quickly.

The Blood Emperor was delighted when he received the news. However, on his way to Real God Qi Lin’s location, he realized that there were no longer replies to the messages that he had sent.

When he arrived at the scene, Jian Wushuang and Real God Qi Lin had disappeared long ago and only the battlefield, which was in shambles, was left behind.

In no time, the Blood Emperor confirmed that Real God Qi Lin had also fallen.

One month later, another incident occurred within the Darkness Mountain.

Jian Wushuang came across a third Real God known as Real God Huan Yu. This Real God was different from Real God Huo Yuan and Real God Qi Lin whom he had killed. This was because Real God Huan Yu was someone who had learnt a small bit of the Power of Heaven Way and he belonged to Real Gods at the second level. When comparing abilities, he was a lot stronger than Real God Huo Yuan and Real God Qi Lin.

However, the results were…

Two rays of flittering light were shuttling back and forth in the void quickly.

“Real God Huan Yu, it is impossible for you to escape!”

Jian Wushuang was filled with a murderous aura. He had already used the Secret Skill of Dragon Blood and unleashed the blazing quicksand region toward Real God Huan Yu crazily.

Although Real God Huan Yu had used all his tricks, he was still unable to escape Jian Wushuang in the end.

In the skies of a giant flatland, there were still remnants of huge amounts of Divine Power around the void. As for Jian Wushuang, he was looking down at Real God Huan Yu’s body with a cold expression.

“Real God Huan Yu… Among the many Real Gods in Sky Sword Prison, he was considered a Real God who kept an extremely low profile and his ability to stay alive was decent. Under normal conditions, as long as it was not something that was at the level of the four Kings that took action personally, no one else could kill you. However, it is a pity that the person you came across is me!” Jian Wushuang murmured.

Comparing abilities, although the Jian Wushuang of that moment still could not be compared to the four Kings, he was not too far away from them.

Moreover, his ability to chase after opponents was extremely great!

By using the first stage of the Secret Skill of Dragon Blood and combining it with the secret skill Flowing Light Phantom, even Real God Huan Yu, who was an expert in speed, would be unable to escape from him.

This allowed Jian Wushuang to possess the absolute means to kill a normal Real God, and even those who had comprehended a small bit of the Power of Heaven Way and possessed the power of Real Gods in the second stage in the Sky Sword Prison.

Furthermore, he was different from the four Kings.

The criterion for the four Kings to leave the Sky Sword prison was too demanding and there was almost no hope.

Hence, the four Kings had lost hope a long time ago. As such, even though they had very strong abilities, they did not massacre the Real Gods. Instead, they occupied a small area as their territory willingly and became one of the Kings by allowing the Real Gods to depend on them.

After many years, the reigning four Kings had come to a mutual understanding and they would not take action against the Real Gods easily.

Take the Fiery King for an example. Even though he itched for a fight, he would only fight with the other three Kings.

But how about Jian Wushuang?

His power at the moment was very close or even equal to the four Kings’. However, he was only a Universe God. Hence, his criterion to leave the Sky Sword prison was to kill ten Real Gods.

As such, Jian Wushuang would obviously not hesitate and take action directly.

Apart from that, there was still revenge to be had against the Blood Emperor. Hence, within the Darkness Mountain, the Real God experts under the command of the Blood Emperor would naturally be the first to be affected by becoming the targets of Jian Wushuang’s massacre.

Within the Darkness Mountain, Jian Wushuang was continuing his massacre.

As for the Blood Emperor, when he received news that even Real God Huan Yu had died at the hands of Jian Wushuang, he was no longer able to remain calm.

It should be known that Real God Huan Yu was a Real God who had comprehended a small portion of the Power of Heaven Way and he belonged to Real Gods of the second level in the Sky Sword Prison. Even if the Blood Emperor wanted to kill him, he would need to use quite a bit of effort. However, Jian Wushuang was actually able to kill him.

The Blood Emperor understood at once that Jian Wushuang’s power at the moment had achieved a shocking stage already.

In the whole Darkness Mountain, apart from him, no one else could compete with Jian Wushuang.

After understanding this point, the Blood Emperor immediately sent a message to the experts in the Darkness Mountain who were under his command.

“Listen up. All of you who are in the Darkness Mountain, it doesn’t matter whether you are a Universe God, Real God or even a Real God in the second stage. All of you are to find a place to hide and lay low. In addition, hide your presence. With this, that Jian Wushuang should not be able to find you. However, if he does find you, no matter who you are, run away immediately. At the same time, send a message to me and I will rush over straight away.”

“Remember, do not leave it to chance. Although that Jian Wushuang is a Universe God, he is extremely powerful. Real God Huo Yuan and Real God Qi Lin have already died by his hand. Now, even Real God Huan Yu has fallen. If all of you do not start to be careful, the next one to die will be you!”

The Blood Emperor’s message was sent out.

At once, many experts in the whole Darkness Mountain were in shock.

Jian Wushuang was a Universe God. Moreover, it had not been over five thousand years since he came to the Sky Sword Prison.

When he first came to the Sky Sword Prison, he was only of the third level. However, at the moment, he could even kill Real God Huan Yu, who was of the second level!

A Universe God who was able to kill a normal Real God of the third level had indeed appeared before in the Sky Sword Prison.

However, it was the first time that a Universe God who was able to kill a Real God of the second level who had comprehended a small portion of the Power of Heaven Way had appeared in the Sky Sword Prison.

Everyone was surprised by this news.

After that, for the sake of remaining alive, the Real Gods and Universe Gods in the Darkness Mountain started to find hiding places and kept themselves hidden immediately.

Some of them hid in the forest of the tall mountains while some of them hid deep underground. All of them had hidden their presence completely.

Under normal circumstances, if a Real God were to conceal their presence intentionally, with the consciousness level of a Universe God, it would be extremely difficult for the Real Gods to be discovered.

However, in actual fact… No matter how the experts hid themselves or erased their presence, in front of Jian Wushuang’s Soul Power, they were just wasting their energy. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

With a sweep of his Soul Power, any experts within its radius would be unable to escape.

Comparing Jian Wushuang and the Heartless King, this was something that was more frightening about Jian Wushang.

He continued to wander around the Darkness Mountain as he was seeking the Real Gods wantonly. As long as they were discovered, he would attack immediately and the Real Gods had no chance of escaping from his hands.

News poured in continuously.

First, it was Real God Huo Yuan, Real God Qi Lin and then Real God Huan Yu. What followed after that was Real God Tian You and Real God Xue Sha.

In a mere three months, five Real Gods were killed by Jian Wushuang!

It was only a mere three months!

With this terrifying massacre that was started by Jian Wushuang within the Darkness Mountain, the whole Sky Sword Prison was in an uproar in no time.