Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1491: Fighting A Real God!

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“A Real God!”

Jian Wushuang clenched both his fists tightly and his eyes glowed with excitement.

He had fought with Real Gods before. Moreover, ten of them had fallen by his hands.

However, the Real Gods were those within the Sky Sword Prison. Hence, their Divine Power was restricted to a great extent and they were unable to display the true abilities of a Real God.

But at that very moment, the Seven Planet Palace Master in front of him was not under any restrictions. It would be the real fighting capabilities of a Real God!

Jian Wushuang also wished to experience exactly how strong a genuine Real God was.

“Let’s fight!”

With a shout, Jian Wushuang’s figure changed magically and nine shadows appeared immediately.

The nine shadows plunged across the void with amazing speed and appeared beside the Seven Planet Palace Master. At the same time, they also swung their swords.

Crimson lightning came forth at once.

Real God’s Unique Skill, Crimson Light!

The Seven Planet Palace Master’s eyes squinted slightly. A great amount of Divine Power moved about and became a thick layer of black light on his body. The black light was like black armor which covered the Seven Planet Palace Master’s body completely. At the same time, a black long gun appeared on the Seven Planet Palace Master’s hands. By cocking the gun and exerting strength upon it, the Seven Planet Master shot the black light directly.

Boom!

It was as if the universe around the area was affected by the black long gun and a giant, jaw-dropping black vortex appeared abruptly.

The Seven Planet Palace Master also used the Unique Skill of a Real God. Moreover, he had also unleashed his full abilities.

Go head-to-head!

A head-on confrontation!

Bam!

The pitch-black long gun and the crimson lightning clashed and the space broke into pieces. The terrifying Divine Power then became shockwaves which swept past all areas in a frenzy.

This was due to the head-on collision which generated reverse shockwaves and they headed toward Jian Wushuang and the Seven Planet Palace Master at the same time.

Jian Wushuang’s body shook and he resisted the reverse shockwave easily.

“What?” The Seven Planet Palace Master’s expression changed. At that moment, he could not help but retreat a step.

It was this retreated step that caused the power of the Seven Planet Palace Master’s long gun to be utterly defeated.

“He is merely a Universe God. In a head-to-head battle with one another, he is actually stronger than me?” the Seven Planet Palace Master raised his head and looked at Jian Wushuang with shock.

He did not know that Jian Wushuang was a Universe God of the Second Heaven. However, due to his Inverse Cultivation, his Divine Power had already achieved the peak of a Universe God of the Third Heaven.

Moreover, he also possessed the Blood Feather Reincarnation Armor. By activating the secret skill of the Blood Feather Reincarnation Armor, the power that he had released was not very different from a normal Real God.

The most important thing was still his comprehension of the Reincarnation Doctrine.

His comprehension of the Reincarnation Doctrine had already reached the stage where he could clear the first level of the Doctrine Palace. But what about the Seven Planet Palace Master? He belonged to Real Gods of the lowest end and he had never comprehended even a small portion of Power of the Heaven Way before.

With the amplification by the Reincarnation Power, the full power that Jian Wushuang had released was a tad stronger than the Seven Planet Palace Master!

On the battlefield, Jian Wushuang grinned. His Blood Mountain Sword followed along the pitch-black long gun of the Seven Planet Palace Master. By slanting his sword slightly, he struck the Seven Planet Palace Master’s hands like lightning.

The Seven Planet Palace Master was so astonished that he shuddered. Although he wanted to retreat, with a random stride of Jian Wushuang, he appeared in front of the Seven Planet Palace Master.

“This martial art motion!” the Seven Planet Palace Master was astounded.

Jian Wushuang had already launched his next attack.

His body had changed into a sharp sword. His body served as the back of the sword whilst the Blood Mountain Sword served as the edge of the sword.

Whoosh!

With a simple front pounce, the sword light came forth like the sharp claws of a ferocious beast.

Clang!

The Seven Planet Palace Master swung his gun continuously to block with difficulty. However, Jian Wushuang turned his body nimbly and the longsword headed straight for the Seven Planet Palace Master’s head.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

Intense sounds of collision resounded across the void. Jian Wushuang had either changed into a sharp sword or a ferocious beast. By combining his transformation with the secret skill Flowing Light Phantom, he displayed his ability to fight in close combat.

It must be known that he had used a few thousand years to hone his close combat abilities in the Sky Sword Prison.

Moreover, he could still combine it with the Flowing Light Phantom, a secret skill of the martial art motion. By using them together… It could be said to be stunning.

“To… Too fast!”

“His speed is too fast. His Sword Principles are also fast. One stroke after another, continuous and unending. This does not give me any opportunity at all. Moreover, his body is abnormal!”

“A Real God like me actually cannot find an opportunity to counter-attack.”

The Seven Planet Palace Master’s face with filled with fright. He had already displayed the strongest abilities that he had as a Real God.

His Divine Power and Unique Skill, as well as his gun motion, had been unleashed thoroughly.

In spite of that, he was still being pushed back by Jian Wushuang!

Yes, he was being pushed back!

Moreover, he was pushed back in all areas. The Seven Planet Palace Master retreated continuously whilst being pushed back and he was in an extremely difficult position, to the point that he did not have any chance to counter-attack.

On the sidelines of the Heavenly Fire Summit, millions of cultivators were looking at the fighting scene with awe.

A Universe God was fighting with a Real God. However, the result was a one-sided match with the Real God being pushed back!!

How is this possible?

“Ahhhhhhh!!!”

The Seven Planet Palace Master was infuriated by Jian Wushuang’s crazy suppression. With a furious howl, the ‘black armor’ that the Seven Planet Palace Master wore grew abruptly. In no time, it had transformed into a black, giant Exotic Beast. The black Exotic beast had three heads and it was extremely hideous.

The Seven Planet Palace Master’s eyes turned completely back. The long gun in his hands was brimming with appalling power and he cocked the gun.

“Dark Heavenly Song!”

Boom!

The whole universe turned completely black.

Not even the slightest bit of light could be seen.

The long gun that had been cocked abruptly became the only focal point of the universe. It was extraordinarily powerful and earth-shaking.

“Haha, bring it on!”

Jian Wushuang laughed loudly and an enormous amount of Soul Power erupted, forming a giant golden Divine Ape.

As soon as the golden Divine Ape appeared, it roared fiercely. The giant longsword in its hands followed Jian Wushuang’s movement and was swung abruptly at that very moment.

Among the three Real God’s Unique Skills that Jian Wushuang created, the skill with the greatest power… Ninth Heaven Stroke!

A Nemesis Sword which carried supreme sword essence descended again.

The Nemesis Sword and the black long gun clashed.

Boom!

The universe shook.

The minds of everyone by the sidelines of the battlefield could not help but ring with the terrifying sound.

After the sound had disappeared…

“Ah!”

The Seven Planet Palace Master gave a groan and some blood came out of the corners of his mouth. He retreated in an extremely sorry state.

As for Jian Wushuang, although he had experienced an extremely strong shockwave, the shockwave was weakened by his Blood Feather Reincarnation Armor. By the time it reached his body, it was unable to affect him at all.

He still stood firmly in the void and did not move. His aura remained tremendous and it did not look like it had weakened.

The Seven Planet Palace Master had lost the battle!

…Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om