Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1549: Elder Xue Yang

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“My husband, what… what happened to them? The white-robed beautiful woman questioned shockingly.

“It’s an expert. An expert has acted secretly to help us.”

Universe God Qi Yi was looking at the void around him. However, he did not manage to find the origin of that power.

“No matter who helped us, both of us are extremely grateful!”

Universe God Qi Yi bowed down to the void around him. After that, he pulled his wife’s hand and left immediately.

The city then went into a complete uproar.

A protector of the Blood Demon Church had died within the city and this was a big matter.

Moreover, the most important thing was that it was unknown who the protector was killed by or how he was killed.

Many cultivators from the city had started to find the mysterious expert who attacked the protector. However, they were unable to find him.

At the very next moment, just opposite the void where the fight had broken out between Universe God Qi Yi and the protector, two figures were sitting down on a spot near the window in a pub.

“Jian Wushuang, didn’t Hall Master Yuan of the Lineage of Star remind you many times not to act unless you have absolutely no choice? Why did you act in the end?” the Fiery King who had scarlet hair, scarlet eyebrows and even a scarlet beard looked at Jian Wushuang while laughing and holding a wine cup.

“I have already checked. Although there are quite a number of cultivators in this city, the strongest person is only a normal Universe God of the Third Heaven. Hence, no one will be able to tell that I am the one who did it,” Jian Wushuang said indifferently.

“Even if that’s the case, we must still be careful,” as the Fiery King spoke, he exclaimed in admiration soon after, “However, the Blood Demon Church’s people’s way of doing things is really unreasonable. They were actually snatching other people’s wives without any restrain in front of so many cultivators in the city. It is no wonder that the cultivators of the Blood Demon Church would say that the Blood Demon Church’s people are all demons. Looking at it now, that seems to be the case.”

Jian Wushuang frowned slightly.

Back then, by just hearing the name, he could tell that the Blood Demon Church was not a decent powerhouse. After coming to the Blood Demon World for real, he realized that the Blood Demon Church was even more evil than he had expected. For example, a small matter like snatching other people’s wives could make the Blood Demon Church’s people start killing people.

The Blood Demon Church still had some small powerhouses and sects. On ordinary days, as soon as they disrespected the Blood Demon Church even the slightest bit, the Blood Demon Church would destroy the sect straight away or even destroy their clan. All in all, the Blood Demon Church was the overlord of the Blood Demon World.

“Such a powerhouse actually existed for so many years in the world. Yet, no experts acted to destroy it,” the Fiery King muttered.

“If the Blood Demon Church dared to do such things within the ten Cultivation Sanctuaries, they would have been destroyed many times. However, this place is only a Holy Kingdom. Hence, the Blood Demon Church is considered a top powerhouse. As long as one is not stupid enough to provoke Real God Jiu Gong, he would not be killed,” Jian Wushuang said. However, his mind was filled with worries.

After all, there was a high possibility that Leng Ruxue was inside the Blood Demon Church.

“Jian Wushuang, what do we do now?” the Fiery King looked over.

“Let’s go somewhere near the Blood Demon Church’s base. I have to first confirm whether the person I’m looking for is there,” Jian Wushuang said.

In no time, Jian Wushuang and the Fiery King set off. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The Blood Demon Church’s base was within one of the regions of the Blood Demon Church. When Jian Wushuang stepped into this region.

“Eh?” Jian Wushuang’s heart skipped a beat and he took out a token immediately.

It was a special golden token and it was given to him by Emperor Tang after his marriage with Leng Rushuang in the Green Fire World back then.

Back then, when Leng Rushuang’s consciousness was about to go into a deep sleep, Emperor Tang had intentionally left a seal inside her consciousness. Unless Leng Rushuang’s consciousness woke up and she went to erase the seal herself, it would be impossible to erase the seal even if Leng Ruxue was controlling the body and had her abilities rise to a very high level.

As for the golden token, it could sense the existence of that seal.

When Jian Wushuang appeared in the region where the Blood Demon Church was in that very moment, the golden token had a reaction.

“As expected, it’s her!”

Jian Wushuang clenched both his fists tightly and he was extremely excited.

Previously, although he obtained the news from the Vientiane Tower, be it the Vientiane Tower or him, they were unable to confirm if the person within the base of the Blood Demon Church was actually Leng Ruxue.

However, at that very moment, Jian Wushuang could confirm.

“Shuang’er, I have finally found you!”

“Please wait a while longer. In no time, I will get your consciousness to wake up and let you control your own body again.”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes were glowing brilliantly.

Of course, before that, he still needed to be sure of the true abilities of the Blood Demon Church.

…

As a powerful overlord within the Jiu Gong Holy Kingdom, the Blood Demon Church had quite a number of experts.

Among them, those who stood at the highest level were naturally the few Real Gods and below them were a few Elders who were Peak Universe Gods of the Third Heaven.

Among those Elders, one of them was Elder Xue Yang.

Elder Xue Yang had come from a normal region within the Jiu Gong Holy Kingdom originally. Moreover, when he was small and weak, he had been chased around by strong enemies. As such, he had escaped to the outside world and roamed about everywhere. After that, as he had no choice, he went to the Blood Demon World and joined the Blood Demon Church with an identity as a Universe God of the First Heaven. With the help and the resources within the Blood Demon Church, his abilities grew continuously and he became an Elder of the Blood Demon Church in the end.

When he became an Elder, his lived his life comfortably. In the Blood Demon World, one could run wild willfully. When many weak forces in the Blood Demon World were facing him, they trembled in fear and were extremely terrified of him as they were scared that they might have offended him. Everywhere he went, people would bow to him and try to win his favor.

As soon as ignorant people provoked him, he would not need to act personally. Instead, by giving an order, on the second day, that person, the sect that he was in, his loved ones and good friends, would all be killed.

Thus, it could be said that within the Blood Demon World, one sentence of his could decide the fate of many people.

Elder Xue Yang also enjoyed the power and influence that he possessed.

However, at that very moment, his good days were about to come to an end.

“Who are the both of you?” Elder Xue Yang’s eyes were filled with a bit of fear as he looked at the two people who had appeared in front of him all of a sudden.

For the two people, one of them was carrying a longsword while the body of the other person was like fire. Moreover, either one of them could give him, a Peak Universe God of the Third Heaven, pressure that he never experienced before.

The pressure that he experienced was even greater than the pressure he had felt whilst facing the few Real Gods within the Blood Demon Church.

“I wish to ask you something. You had better answer it truthfully,” Jian Wushuang’s expression was cold and he was staring at Elder Xue Yang.

“I… I will do my best,” Elder Xue Yang’s throat was trembling.

“I know that you are an Elder of the Blood Demon Church which is considered quite a high position within the Blood Demon Church. Therefore, you should know some of the matters within the Blood Demon Church. Let me ask you. How many Real Gods does the Blood Demon Church have and how strong are they?”

Jian Wushuang’s low voice echoed in the ears of Elder Xue Yang.