Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1551: Leng Zunzhu

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“This person came to the Blood Demon Church more than two hundred years ago. Moreover, she brought along a servant. For the past years, they have been living in the Ancient Demon Mountain.”

Elder Xue Yang continued speaking, “Ever since she came, the Church Master gave an order not to go near the Ancient Demon Mountain. For the past two hundred years, we never saw this person coming out again although we knew that such a person did exist. Naturally, I have never seen her before.”

“However, I can confirm she is a young woman and our Church Master addresses her as Leng Zunzhu.”

“Leng Zunzhu?” Jian Wushuang’s eyes shrank, “It’s definitely her.”

“Draw me the location of the Ancient Demon Mountain,” Jian Wushuang ordered.

“Understood,” Elder Xue Yang agreed without hesitation.

After Jian Wushuang had obtained what he wanted…

“Looking at the fact that you are cooperative, I can let you die an easier death,” Jian Wushuang shot a glance toward Elder Xue Yang.

“What?” Elder Xue Yang was shocked. When he was about to say something, a Soul Power headed for him straight away.

After that, before he was even able to give a horrible shriek, he became an icy-cold body.

With a wave of the Fiery King’s hand, a great amount of flames appeared and burnt Elder Xue Yang’s body to ashes.

“Jian Wushuang, Leng Zunzhu is the person you’re looking for, right?” the Fiery King asked.

“That’s right,” Jian Wushuang nodded his head, “However, she is currently staying in the Blood Demon Church. Hence, it is next to impossible for her to come out by herself. There’s no choice, we can only storm in!”

“Charge in forcefully?” the Fiery King frowned slightly, “The Blood Demon Church has a total of four Real Gods and among them, there is also an Eternal Real God. Hence, it is not a good idea to provoke them.”

“I understand. However, the Blood Demon Church is very weak in comparison to the Lineage of Star,” Jian Wushuang’s eyes turned cold and he immediately sent a message to Hall Master Yuan.

“Jian Wushuang, I have already hired three Real Gods for you and they will arrive at the Blood Demon Church in a short while. At that time, they will contact you. With the three Real Gods and Fiery King who is with you, you can suppress the Blood Demon church easily,” Hall Master Yuan answered with great confidence.

“Thank you. I’m sorry to have troubled you,” Jian Wushuang thanked Hall Master Yuan. After that, he waited quietly near the base of the Blood Demon Church with the Fiery King.

…

At the Ancient Demon Mountain within the base of the Blood Demon Church.

At the summit of the Ancient Demon Mountain, there was a delicate black hall and there was a white-clothed woman sitting inside it. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The white-clothed woman’s face was covered with a veil and her looks could not be clearly seen. However, just her partially-revealed face was enough to excite countless cultivators. The most important thing was that she was extremely cold and elegant.

Such coldness and elegance was enough to captivate the souls of the people.

She was Leng Zunzhu who Elder Xue Yang mentioned.

At the very moment, behind Leng Zunzhu, there was a black-robed person standing respectfully and she was completely covered by the black robe.

“Number Seven, please ask the Blood Demon Church Master about the progress of that matter,” Leng Zunzhu asked coldly.

“Master, please don’t worry. Not long ago, the Blood Demon Church Master sent me a message. In ten years’ time, he will be able to complete what we asked of him,” a hoarse, low voice could be heard from under the black robe of the black-robed person. From the sound of it, the black-robed person seemed to be an old married woman.

“He still needs ten more years? His speed is really slow. I think he can stop being the Blood Demon Church Master,” Leng Zunzhu remained indifferent. It seemed that in her eyes, the Blood Demon Church Master who had achieved the level of Eternal Real God was about the same as an ant.

“Master, with just a request from you, many people would be willing to allow you to take over the Blood Demon Church in place of him,” the old married woman under the black robe laughed, “Oh right. His Highness Mu Hong should be reaching in a few days’ time, right?”

“His Highness Mu Hong? Haha. He is really persistent. Did he come to earn my favor again?” Leng Zunzhu laughed coldly.

“His Highness Mu Hong knows that the Master needs the Seven Star Moon Warbler Lotus. Hence, he used his father, the Seventh Palace Master’s power and almost destroyed a Holy Kingdom. With that, he finally obtained the Seven Star Moon Warbler Lotus and this time round, he is coming over intentionally to give it to you,” the black-robed old married woman said.

“Oh, looks like the Seventh Palace Master really treats him like a treasure on his skin. However, it’s also because of this that Mu Hong was able to live until now. If not, with his attitude, he would have been killed by people many times a long time ago. Since he wishes to earn my favor, so be it.”

Leng Zunzhu sneered and her eyes glowed with a cold light.

…

After a few days, somewhere near the Blood Demon Church, the three Real Gods who Hall Master Yuan had hired to help Jian Wushuang arrived.

Atop the vast void, three figures flew side by side.

Among the three of them, the leader was a big and tall man who wore a bronze armor. As for the other two, one of them was a red-robed old married woman, while the other one was a slightly hunchbacked, bald old man.

As for Jian Wushuang, he felt an extremely huge amount of pressure from the three of them.

“Gosh. Two Eternal Real Gods and the last one is actually a Chaotic Real God!” the Fiery King revealed a shocked expression.

In the three stages of Real God, he was only at the top of the first stage. However, among the three people in front of him, two of them were at the second stage while the last person was at the third stage of a Real God.

With such a lineup, even if they were to be placed in the ten Cultivation Sanctuaries, it would be enough to destroy some medium-sized powerhouses that were weak in power.

“You are Jian Wushuang?”

The three Real Gods looked toward Jian Wushuang. Although Jian Wushuang was only a Universe God, he was a super demon who ranked third in the Universe God ranking list. Moreover, he was also a Star Palace disciple of the Lineage of Star. When looking at such a genius, the three Real Gods remained modest.

“I am Long Qing and you can call me Real God Long Qing. As for the two of them, they are Real God Bai Ying and Real God Yin Tuo respectively,” among the three of them, the big, tall, bronze-armored man, who was also the strongest as a Chaotic Real God, opened his mouth to make his introduction.

“I am Jian Wushuang. Greetings to the three of you,” Jian Wushuang greeted the three of them modestly.

“Hall Master Yuan has told us the objective of this trip. However, as for the details for this operation, you will be the one to call the shots,” Real God Long Qing said.

As Hall Master Yuan had given them great benefits, they had come to give Jian Wushuang a hand. For a short period of time, they would take instructions from Jian Wushuang.

“Since the three of you already know the objective, I need not say much. However, I must stress that the person I want must be captured alive. If there is really no choice, you can injure her. However, you cannot kill her. I would rather let her escape than let her die!” Jian Wushuang said earnestly.

The three Real Gods looked at each other in blank dismay and nodded their heads.

They could also tell that the person Jian Wushuang wanted to capture alive had a special relationship with him.

“Also, I have obtained reliable news that Leng Zunzhu, who I wanted to capture alive, is currently within the Ancient Demon Mountain of the Blood Demon Church. Moreover, she has not left the Ancient Demon Mountain for over two hundred years. Hence, we have no choice but to charge in forcefully!”

…