Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1569: Follow One’s Mind And Nature, Mind Of The Universe!

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

The Rising Sun Palace Master was extremely emotional.

Back then, everyone in the Rising Sun Palace had thought that Chen Hu’s Master was only a normal person. For him to bring Chen Hu to his current level, it was all because Chen Hu was an outstanding person.

However, at that very moment, no one dared to think that way.

At the present day, the Rising Sun Master had instructed the experts in the Rising Sun Palace to not spread news of the ‘supreme person’ outside.

Time continued to pass by. Jian Wushuang continued to stay at the Martial Arts Tower in the Rising Sun Palace and just like before, he was unknown to the public.

Apart from some of the higher-ups in the Rising Sun Palace, those normal disciples still did not know about him. As for the Divine Light Dynasty, there was nothing about him either.

It wasn’t until forty years later that the monarch of the Divine Light Dynasty came down personally to visit him.

The monarch had come across a bottleneck in his martial arts and he was unable to overcome it for a long time. After that, he had managed to get news from unknown sources and he knew of the existence of the supreme person in the Rising Sun Palace. Hence, he held some hope and came to pay a visit. Since the monarch came down personally, the Rising Sun Palace dared not give him the cold shoulder and they brought him to the Martial Arts Tower to see Jian Wushuang.

However, when the monarch raised his problem, Jian Wushuang threw a broom to him and got him to sweep the Martial Arts Tower and the dead leaves at the foot of the tower before coming back to ask him questions. Moreover, the monarch had to do it himself.

At once, this caused many experts behind the monarch to be extremely surprised and furious.

Although the monarch of the Divine Light Dynasty himself was a bit dissatisfied, he still acted in accordance to Jian Wushuang’s instructions as it was his final hope.

The great monarch of a dynasty was actually cleaning up the fallen leaves in front of everyone. If such news were to get out, it would definitely become a joke.

However, the monarch did not get angry in the slightest. In addition, after the work was done, he was extremely delighted. This was because Jian Wushuang had solved his problem accurately and his abilities even went up to the next level.

The monarch of the Divine Light Dynasty also understood that the white-haired old man in front of him was indeed a supreme person and he immediately said that he wanted Jian Wushuang to be his Master! With that, Jian Wushuang would have a position that was only inferior to his own.

However, he was rejected by Jian Wushuang in the end.

The monarch had no choice but to leave.

The news then started to spread and the whole Divine Light Dynasty as well as even a few dynasties nearby were in an uproar. With that, a large number of cultivators would come to the Rising Sun Palace to pay a visit every day as they wanted to meet Jian Wushuang.

Thus, Jian Wushuang’s peaceful life had completely gone.

He knew that he could no longer stay in the Rising Sun Palace and he left that very day.

When he left, he only requested for someone to pass Chen Hu, who had secluded himself in training, a message.

It was fortunate that Chen Hu had secluded himself in training. If not, he would definitely follow Jian Wushuang immediately.

As for the experts in the Rising Sun Palace, although most of them were unwilling to let Jian Wushuang leave, they had no choice.

“From today on, I must rely on myself to travel around all the lands in this world.”

Jian Wushuang had a smile on his face. He was wearing a simple black robe and holding a wooden stick in his hand. Moreover, he was also barefooted. With that, he started to travel alone in the Qing Tian Mystery Land.

On the streets, Jian Wushuang was walking forward step by step.

“Jia! Jia!”

Sounds of hooves clopping on the ground could be heard from behind. Although Jian Wushuang wanted to give way, a gust of wind passed by him from his side and caused him to fall to the ground. His arms and thighs started to bleed as a result of him falling down and his shirt was torn open as well. It was only after a long time that he stood up, trembling.

If he were to come across such a situation back then, he might be extremely furious. However, at that very moment, his mind was extremely calm and he did not feel anything.

After that, he continued to walk forward.

With the body of an ordinary old man, Jian Wushuang traveled around the world barefoot.

During his journey, not only was he bumped into by people many times, he also fell down from the mountains and rolled down from both mountains and rivers.

Moreover, he was also robbed by bandits and caught by slave traders before.

He had been a beggar, servant, prisoner and slave.

Furthermore, he had used his current abilities to face everything that came his way.

However, no matter what he encountered, his life was not in danger. It was not just because of the Green Feather Pavilion expert protecting him secretly. Although Jian Wushuang had white hair, in actual fact, his life force was so strong that it was shocking. Throughout the years, he had experienced many hardships. However, no matter what happened, he did not die.

During this process, the years passed continuously.

Jian Wushuang had stopped being concerned about the time a long time ago.

He was even unconcerned about the Inverse Cultivation Test for the Third Heaven that he was currently experiencing. Not only that, he had also completely forgotten about his brilliance and impressiveness in the past.

At that very moment, he was just a normal person.

He had completely integrated with his identity as a normal person. Hence, he would deal with anything that came his way with a normal person’s eyes and abilities.

As for Elder Ming Ba, who kept himself hidden all the while, at the very start, he had sneered at whatever happened to Jian Wushuang in the Qing Tian Mystery Land with contempt and revealed a compassionate expression as he then felt that Jian Wushuang was very pitiable.

However, as time passed by, he became numb as well.

“Seems like this Jian Wushuang, who was once an exceptional genius, has completely integrated into life as a normal person. I wonder how long he will remain in this state. Could it be that he will remain like this forever?” Ming Ba frowned.

He did not care whether Jian Wushuang was going to continue on in his current state.

The key thing was that he had to protect Jian Wushuang and he could not allow him to die for real. If Jian Wushuang were to remain in his current state and stay in the Qing Tian Mystery Land for tens of thousands of years or even hundreds of years, didn’t that mean that he had to stay that long as well?

Although Ming Ba was very unwilling, he had no choice.

In a flash, Jian Wushuang had come to the Sky Blue mystery land for a total of five thousand years.

Deep inside a big mountain. Jian Wushuang’s hair was messy, his clothes were tattered and his body was thin and weak like a skeleton’s.

At that very moment, he was looking down. There was a village. It was a village that had been massacred until blood flowed like a river, just like the Chen family village.

After seeing such a scene, Jian Wushuang shook his head lightly.

“There is a cycle of cause and effect. Everything has its own destiny and even cultivators with strong abilities are unable to change it. This is the same for a normal person.”

“Relative to the Qing Tian Mystery Land, I am merely a passing traveler. Just like my name, Wu Chen, which I used, I will not leave behind any dust or any mark. I will not stir up any trouble or stain myself with dust!”

“Everything will go according to my mind, my nature and, finally, my destiny…” Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

As Jian Wushuang murmured, his mind was filled with thoughts and feelings.

His mind had changed and risen to a new level.

“By following my mind and nature, I will achieve the Mind of the Universe!”

“So, it’s like this?”

Jian Wushuang laughed.

He had lost all his abilities and every aspect of him had lost its worth. The only thing that remained was his mind.

Ever since he had achieved the first level of the mind, after so many years, he had also finally achieved the second level of the mind, Mind of the Universe.

And at that very moment…

“Eh?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed abruptly. He could feel that small, sudden extra movement within his body.

“The Inverse Cultivation Test has reached its final stage?”

Jian Wushuang was still wearing a smile and he seemed to be unconcerned. He then went to the peak of a mountain, sat down with his legs crossed and closed his eyes immediately.

…