Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1579: Four Void Real Gods!

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Jian Wushuang had drawn his sword at the same time as the four Void Real Gods. However, his Sword Principles still clashed with the attacks unleashed by the four Void Real Gods first.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

Four sounds of metal clashing could be heard continuously. The strong power pulverized the void across the area and the bodies of the four Peak Void Real Gods from the Four Symbol Mansion could not help but retreat.

“This little kid. What a strange martial art motion,” Real God Tong Yi said shockingly.

“Don’t underestimate him. Back then in Wu Bei’s cave, he was recognized as the number one in martial art motion among the Universe Gods. Now, since his abilities have grown stronger, his martial art motion would naturally be more frightening,” the bald man said earnestly.

Buzz!

Eighteen shadows appeared again. However, this time around, Jian Wushuang appeared directly in front of the four of them.

As he raised the Blood Mountain Sword in his hands, the Divine Power in his body flowed into the long sword continuously.

It must be known that back then when Jian Wushuang was still a Universe God of the Second Heaven, he was a Universe God who possessed the three strongest Sword Principles. Combined with the Ancient God Power, as well as the fact that he was an Inverse Cultivator, his full power was stronger than many of the Universe Gods of the Third Heaven. Furthermore, with the secret skill of the Blood Feather Reincarnation Armor, his power was not too far from that of a Void Real God.

When he achieved the Universe God of the Third Heaven, not looking at other components, his Divine Power alone had multiplied tens of times.

At that very moment, just his Divine Power alone had achieved the highest peak of a Real God.

“One Stroke of No Regrets!”

Boom!

A great amount of sword essence, which contained a faithful will that would not disappear until death, appeared and it wished to destroy the whole heaven.

The void froze and it was extremely cold.

When the void was completely frozen, a swordlight appeared.

One Stroke of No Regrets!

Jian Wushuang had been training within the volcano for fifteen years. For this Unique Skill, it was created from using his accumulation of Sword Principles from the past and combined with his own comprehension toward the Reincarnation Doctrine and Spacetime Doctrine.

Real God-level Unique Skills were similar to those of a Universe God and they were split into three stages.

The first stage was equivalent to a Void Real God, the second stage was equivalent to an Eternal Real God and the third stage was equivalent to a Chaotic Real God.

By comparing the levels, Jian Wushuang’s stroke was the strongest Unique Skill of the first stage of a Real God.

In a situation where Jian Wushuang unleashed his full power at such a close distance, the giant and boundless swordlight appeared in front of the four Void Real Gods of the Four Symbol Mansion with a flash.

“This stroke!”

The four Void Real Gods revealed shocked expressions.

All of them could feel a great pressure from the stroke and they also had a sense that they would not live through the stroke if they were alone.

“Quick, let’s work together to block this stroke!” the bald man shouted fiercely at once.

The four Void Real Gods acted right away.

The bald man swung his saber straight away. At the moment he swung his saber, the shadow of a giant Exotic Beast appeared behind him. Both the hands of the shadow also raised the saber fiercely and a towering saber shadow descended mightily.

Real God Tong Yi’s eyes turned icy-cold and he was holding a black, old épée. The black épée contained a huge amount of power. When Real God Tong Yi unleashed his Divine Power, he created a fierce, giant wave which was similar to that of a tsunami.

Real God Zhong Huo’s body was covered by an enormous amount of flames. His palms inside his gloves had also turned completely red. With a shout from him, he clapped his hands once. The flames then turned into a giant fire lion and started to attack madly at once.

As for Real God Bai Hao, he stabbed the void with his longspear. The void collapsed with whooshing sounds and a giant black hole which was rotating crazily appeared fiercely. The black hole could swallow everything in the universe and it was launched at that moment abruptly.

Jian Wushuang and the four Void Real Gods had only started to fight and they had only faced each other for second time. However, the four Void Real Gods had already unleashed their full power and used their ultimate moves.

Four strong attacks that contained a great amount of power clashed with the giant swordlight that Jian Wushuang unleashed instantly.

Bam!

A frightening, earth-shaking, thunder-like sound could be heard.

The sound echoed across the whole universe and it was extremely loud.

The frightening Divine Power then became a Divine Power storm that had never existed before.

Within the Divine Power storm…

The person who was at the front was the bald man who had unleashed a towering saber shadow. When it clashed with Jian Wushuang’s swordlight, it was broken into pieces at once. The bald man’s arms trembled and his saber almost slipped out of his hands.

After that, the swordlight collided with the tsunami.

Swoosh!

The giant tsunami was split into two sections and the expression of Real God Tong Yi, who was holding the black old épée turned pale. He then staggered about and retreated by three steps.

The swordlight continued to sweep across the area mercilessly and it tore the giant fire lion apart. Real God Zhong Huo was extremely shocked and his palm experienced an unprecedented amount of pain.

Lastly, the swordlight struck the giant black hole which was rotating madly and it twisted into pieces. Real God Bai Hao opened his eyes wide as he realized that the swordlight continued to head toward his head after smashing his black hole apart. In a flurry, he swung the longspear in his hands to block the attack.

Clang!

Real God Bai Hao’s body shook and he retreated in a miserable state.

At that moment, Jian Wushuang’s eighteen shadows burst forth again and one of them appeared behind Real God Bai Hao like a ghost. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

With a swing of his longsword, the Blood Mountain Sword left behind a strange mark on the void and it was so fast that Real God Bai Hao did not have time to block it.

Swoosh!

His head was sent flying and a Peak Void Real God died on the spot.

“Hiss~~”

“What?”

“How is this possible?”

Voices of surprise could be heard across the area.

The Real Gods of the Four Symbol Mansion were looking at the scene fearfully.

Even though four Peak Void Real Gods of the Four Symbol Mansion had teamed up to deal with Jian Wushuang, who was alone, after facing each other twice, three of them were actually forced to retreat while one of them was killed on the spot?

Moreover, it was one Universe God alone who had achieved this feat!

“Jian Wushuang!!!”

The bald man, Real God Tong Yi and Real God Zhong Huo, who were forced to retreat, were extremely furious.

They had never expected this to happen. Even though the four of them had teamed up, Jian Wushuang had still managed to kill one of them instantly.

Moreover, when Jian Wushuang was fighting them, he did not seem worried at all.

“How dare you!”

“Previously, you killed Real God Qing Ling of the Four Symbol Mansion. Now, you have killed Real God Bai Hao. Do you really think that as a top genius of the Lineage of Star, the Four Symbol Mansion won’t dare to kill you?”

The bald man was extremely furious. His voice was filled with a bit of madness and he shouted: “Everyone, Jian Wushuang killed the Real Gods of the Four Symbol Mansion again and again. This shows that he does not care about the Four Symbol Mansion at all. Since this is the case, we do not need to show him any mercy. All of us are to attack together and kill him!!!”

“Kill!”

“Kill him!”

The eyes of the surrounding Real Gods of the Four Symbol Mansion started to turn a scarlet color.

In no time, a total of close to forty Void Real Gods attacked at the same time!