Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1580: Butcher A Large Number

The Real Gods from Four Symbol Mansion didn’t launch an attack together because they were concerned about Jian Wushuang’s identity.

Jian Wushuang was the most outstanding disciple of Lineage of Star. If they were to kill Jian Wushuang, Lineage of Star would definitely get mad. Four Symbol Mansion didn’t want to put aside all considerations of face. Hence, when they knew that Jian Wushuang might have killed Real God Qing Ling, they didn’t intend to kill Jian Wushuang and only wanted to capture him alive.

Besides, Jian Wushuang was only a Universe God after all. It was already ridiculous that they had sent four Peak Void Real Gods to team up to suppress him. If all the Real Gods were to hemmed him in, it would be a joke if it were to spread.

But then… Seeing Jian Wushuang’s power and Jian Wushuang’s conduct of killing all their men without hesitation, the Real Gods from Four Symbol Mansion were furious.

No one cared about his identity, nor did they care about courtesy anymore.

The Real Gods charged forward and launched an attack against Jian Wushuang from all directions.

Jian Wushuang stood there and watched coldly.

He harbored no resentment against Four Symbol Mansion personally but they wanted to kill Duan Lingfeng.

Duan Lingfeng was his best friend. Whoever wanted to kill Duan Lingfeng, he would kill them with no mercy.

“Killing one is considered murder, killing a bunch is considered murder too. If so, I might as well butcher a large number!”

Jian Wushuang’s cold voice reverberated the universe. A soaring murderous intention exploded from his body.

Blood Mountain Sword in his hand was shivering in madness. It was as though it was cheering for the upcoming massacre.

The next moment, Jian Wushuang moved!

Vroom!

The swarm of shadows were suddenly cast.

“What?”

“So many shadows?”

“This… which one is real and which one is fake?”

The bunch Real Gods were shocked at the sight.

They looked at the void before them and the shadows were shuttling to and fro creepily. It looked like there were a hundred shadows at one glance!

One must know that Jian Wushuang’s martial art motion that casted eighteen shadows at the same time were described as terrifying and the Void Real Gods already found it threatening. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Then, there were a hundred of them?

The Real Gods were dumbfounded.

Then, Jian Wushuang’s original body already appeared next to a Real God and he wielded Blood Mountain Sword.

Vroom. A faint sword whistle was heard. When he heard the whistle, the Real God’s consciousness became sleepy.

After he passed the third inverse cultivation test, Jian Wushuang’s soul power increased tremendously. Then, he had already reached the limit of a Void Real God. Whatever soul attack he performed, even without the secret skill of Tian Yuan but merely blended in Sword Principle, would also require one to possess consciousness strength of a Peak Void Real God to withstand.

An ordinary Void Real God wouldn’t be able to withstand it.

Sword light glided through easily. The Real God didn’t even have the ability to struggle but died on the spot.

Then, Jian Wushuang’s original body appeared next to the second Real God and similarly, the sword light whistled and the outcome was the same.

Suddenly, there were two Real Gods killed while Jian Wushuang’s body continued to move.

Third, Fourth, Eighth…

Massacre!

There was a crowd of almost forty Real Gods that pounded forward with the intention of killing Jian Wushuang but they were massacred by Jian Wushuang brutally.

Jian Wushuang’s martial art motion was too creepy. There were almost a hundred figures and they couldn’t determine where Jian Wushuang really was. They could only see Jian Wushuang appear next to one Real God after another and strike to kill them.

Under Jian Wushuang’s soul attack, the Real Gods were like silly men. No one could withstand Jian Wushuang’s stroke.

Every stroke he swung would kill one Real God.

There were almost forty Real Gods but they were like Jian Wushuang’s single living target at that moment.

Jian Wushuang killed them but they didn’t even lay a finger on Jian Wushuang. Occasionally, there were Real Gods who attacked out of anger and fear but they only slashed Jian Wushuang’s shadow. Their attacks only affected their own men in their surroundings.

A situation where they became living targets struck fear in the Real Gods.

“Run, hurry up and run!”

“Run, quickly!”

Suddenly, those Real Gods who were alive immediately ran backwards. All of them were running desperately and there were still a few Real Gods who were killed by Jian Wushuang brutally during the process.

After a while, the Real Gods finally ran far away.

Then, the Real Gods gathered and looked at the dead bodies all over the floor in the void. Then, they looked at the few Real Gods that were left around them. The Real Gods were suddenly silent.

Seven!

Yes, the Real Gods who survived Jian Wushuang’s mad massacre and escaped, including the bald man, Real God Tong Yi, Real God Zhong Huo, there were only seven of them!

One should know that the time from when the crowd of Real Gods had swarmed in until seven Real Gods had escaped to the void, only two breaths had passed.

Two breaths were just an instant.

But in the end, in the short period of time, almost forty Real Gods were massacred by Jian Wushuang and there were only seven of them left!

Silence!

The universe was in silence!

There was only faint breeze whistling in the air. The breeze blew over the bodies all over and the air was filled with pungent blood smell.

At the surroundings of the battlefield, there were experts hiding.

The experts weren’t from Four Symbol Mansion but they came for the bounty of ten billion Chaos Gems. When Four Symbol Mansion locked down Jian Wushuang and Duan Lingfeng’s location within the ten-billion mile range around Earth Fire Demon Lair, the experts came searching around too. Once they noticed the movement there, they naturally hurried over.

They saw the earlier scene too.

A Universe God, in two breaths, had fought against almost forty Real Gods and there were only seven of them left.

It stirred a great commotion in the experts’ hearts.

“The earlier scene, did you record it with the mirroring image?” A man with tanned skin asked a red-headed maiden.

“Yes, I did,” the red-headed maiden nodded faintly and there was astonishment in her eyes.

“That’s great,” the man with tanned skin nodded heavily as there was light shimmering in his eyes.

On the battlefield, it was still silent.

Jian Wushuang held the sword with one hand. From the tip of the Blood Mountain Sword, blood was flowing down faintly.

“I underwent the inverse cultivation test for twenty-one thousand years. I was truly just a commoner. Not only did I have no power at all, I also couldn’t feel the existence of any doctrines. But once I passed the inverse cultivation test, I naturally understood more in terms of the power of Heaven Way. The Reincarnation Doctrine and Spacetime Doctrine that I comprehended improved tremendously!”

…