Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1581: Real God Xue Wu

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“Although I am not sure how much the Reincarnation Doctrine and Spacetime Doctrine have grown, I feel that both of them have already reached a stage where they could clear the second level of the Doctrine Palace. Moreover, this is only a safe estimate of mine!”

Jian Wushuang chuckled.

For the twenty-one thousand years that he took to clear the Inverse Cultivation Test for the Third Heaven, it was not wise to say that he had neither trained nor comprehended anything.

After clearing the Inverse Cultivation Test, every area of him grew greatly and it was the same for his comprehension of the Heaven Way.

The growth of the Reincarnation Doctrine had caused the power of his Sword Principles to skyrocket. At the same time, the power from the activation of his Blood Feather Reincarnation armor was also great.

As for the growth of the Spacetime Doctrine, it would affect the Power of Spacetime and cause the speed of his Sword Principles as well as body movement to go up crazily.

Furthermore, there was still a Flowing Light Phantom, a secret skill of the martial art motion.

The Flowing Light Phantom had always required the use of the Power of Spacetime. With greater comprehension toward the Spacetime Doctrine, this secret skill would become more frightening when used.

When he was travelling and fighting in Wu Bei’s cave, he had only just comprehended a small bit of the Spacetime Doctrine. With that, he could unleash the power of the third stage of the Flowing Light Phantom and create eighteen shadows.

However, after clearing the Inverse Cultivation Test, his comprehension of the Spacetime Doctrine could make it past the second level of the Doctrine Palace at the very least. By using his Power of Spacetime in its current state, he could achieve the fourth stage of the Flowing Light Phantom.

As soon as the Flowing Light Phantom was unleashed, a total of ninety-nine shadows would be created.

Ninety-nine shadows were many times more frightening than eighteen shadows.

He could deal with close to forty Void Real Gods of the Four Symbol Mansion when they teamed up. Moreover, he would also be not too afraid even if he were to come across an Eternal Real God.

Hence, with Jian Wushuang’s martial art motion, there was only room for the Real Gods to be massacred mercilessly!

In just two breaths’ time, the Real Gods were massacred until only seven of them were left!

Moreover, if the seven of them did not escape immediately, Jian Wushuang had guaranteed that he could wipe out the Real Gods completely.

“Killing over thirty Real Gods in one go. As expected, my Blood Mountain Sword is about to grow as well,” Jian Wushuang’s eyes brightened abruptly.

He could feel that the Blood Mountain Sword was trembling madly at that moment and its power was increasing continuously.

In just a short while, the power that the Blood Mountain Sword delivered had achieved a new level.

The Blood Mountain Sword was an embryo sword that would grow continuously during battles and it had been very useful to Jian Wushuang over the years.

In particular, Jian Wushuang had integrated the Unique Skills created by him into the longsword continuously. As such, the power of the Blood Mountain Sword also grew continuously.

Back then, the Blood Mountain Sword had grown to become a Chaos Unique Treasure which had reached the level of the peak of a Universe God. Moreover, it could even rival a Real God-level Chaos Unique Treasure.

At the very moment…

“Real God-level!”

Jian Wushuang was delighted.

He could feel that the Blood Mountain Sword had achieved the level of a Real God-level Chaos Unique Treasure and this meant that the power of the Blood Mountain Sword would rise again.

At that very moment… Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

“Eh?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed abruptly and his eyes also looked in one direction.

His Soul Power had detected very clearly that in that direction, a strong aura was hurrying over. Moreover, the speed at which the aura was coming was very shocking.

In just a short amount of time, the shadow appeared in front of everyone.

The shadow was a grey-robed old man and his face looked as if he had experienced many vicissitudes of life. Although his eyes were turbid, they still looked bright and full of expression.

The aura that his body had emitted was stronger than anyone else’s who was present.

This person was an Eternal Real God!

“Lord Xue Wu.”

When the seven Real Gods who had fortunately survived Jian Wushuang’s massacre saw the arrival of the old man, they were over the moon.

In order to kill Duan Lingfeng, the Four Symbol Mansion had sent many experts to the Burning Demon Region. However, most of the them were Void Real Gods.

As for Eternal Real Gods, the Four Symbol Mansion had only sent two of them.

After all, Duan Lingfeng was merely a Universe God and he did not possess the power to get experts of the Four Symbol Mansion who were at the level of Chaotic Real God to act. Moreover, sending two Eternal Real Gods and many Void Real Gods already meant that they were not belittling him.

The grey-robed old man Xue Wu in front of Jian Wushuang was one of the two Eternal Real Gods who were sent by the Four Symbol Mansion.

Real God Xue Wu and the other Eternal Real God of the Four Symbol Mansion had also stayed within a thousand million miles of the Earth Fire Demon Lair. The two of them were not searching wantonly like the Void Real Gods. Instead, they stationed themselves at two different areas. As such, as soon as the experts of the Four Symbol Mansion discovered the location of Duan Lingfeng, they would hurry over immediately and ensure that Duan Lingfeng had been killed.

Real God Xue Wu had just received the message and he rushed over right away. However, as he was very far away, he only managed to arrive at the very moment.

“What happened here?”

The moment Real God Xue Wu appeared, he saw the ground in front of him which was filled with bodies straight away. Those bodies still had remnants of a strong aura. Although the bodies were all of Real Gods, the most important thing was that there were tens of them.

“Lord Xue Wu, it’s Jian Wushuang. He fought with us and massacred more than thirty Real Gods of the Four Symbol Mansion!”

“Those dead Real Gods of the Four Symbol Mansion were all killed by him alone!”

“Lord Xue Wu, you have to avenge the dead Real Gods of the Four Symbol Mansion. Please kill Jian Wushuang!”

“That’s right. Kill him!”

“He has to die!”

The seven Real Gods, who were staring at Jian Wushuang furiously, were all roaring and their eyes which were looking at Jian Wushuang were filled with hatred. It looked as if they wanted to drink Jian Wushuang’s blood and eat Jian Wushuang’s flesh.

“What? He killed all of them alone?”

Real God Xue Wu looked toward Jian Wushuang with a bit of shock.

He could tell that Jian Wushuang was obviously a Universe God.

A Universe God had actually massacred more than thirty Real Gods of the Four Symbol Mansion?

“Jian Wushuang, how dare you!” Real God Xue Wu became infuriated at once.

To the Four Symbol Mansion, thirty Void Real Gods were an outstanding force.

For example, there were many weak and small powerhouses within the ten Cultivation Sanctuaries and each of these powerhouses contained either one or two Real Gods.

Although the Four Symbol Mansion was the overlord of one of the lands, they would also be extremely distressed if more than thirty of their Real Gods were to die at once.

“You have massacred so many Real Gods of the Four Symbol Mansion. Don’t say that you are a genius disciple of the Lineage of Star. Even if you are the founder’s disciple, you would still have to die!” Real God Xue Wu’s voice shook the heavens and the energy that he was emitting also raised his grey robe. His eyes which were looking at Jian Wushuang were also filled with astonishing murderous intent.

“Is that so?” Jian Wushuang squinted his eyes slightly and he was filled with fighting intent.

At that very moment, his fighting capabilities were much greater than they had been in the past.

As for how much stronger he had gotten, he had no idea either.

Thus, he wished to fight with a real expert so that he could know the extent of his own abilities.

However, it was a pity that the experts of the Four Symbol Mansion were merely Void Real Gods. Although there were many of them, they were unable to force him to use his full power.

It was not until the moment that Real God Xue Wu arrived that he felt he had an opportunity.

“Eternal Real God… I hope that you can force me to use my full power!”

Jian Wushuang’s mind was filled with excitement.

…