Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1583: Jian Wushuang’s Strongest Ability

Apart from gasping in surprise, the Real Gods were all curious.

Would Jian Wushuang survive such a frightening attack?

“This is Lord Xue Wu’s strongest attack and even the top Void Real Gods are unable to block it. No matter what, Jian Wushuang is still a Universe God. Faced with such an attack, he will definitely not survive!”

“That’s right. He’s dead!”

The few Void Real Gods who had survived were talking to one another. It was obvious that they were very confident in Real God Xue Wu’s moves.

However, at that very moment…

“Roar!”

A furious howl shook their ears to the extent that they almost went deaf, and could be heard from the core of the battle as it reverberated across the horizon.

This furious howl drowned all the voices on the battlefield and it caused the people observing the battle to become quiet.

Right after that, the audience saw that, at the core of the battlefield, a lofty golden Divine Ape had emerged abruptly.

The golden Divine Ape was extremely huge. Moreover, its aura was so strong that it caused everyone to suffocate. Furthermore, its body was covered by a layer of golden armor, its head wore a golden helmet and it also had a commanding presence.

At the moment it rose up, the void around the area burst open. As for the strongest attack that Real God Xue Wu had used, the eighteen hammers disintegrated before they could unleash their full power completely. Moreover, the energy wave from the Divine Ape gave off such an impact that Real God Xue Wu had no choice but to retreat a few steps.

“How can this be?” Real God Xue Wu revealed an astonished expression as he looked at everything that was happening in front of him.

In front of him, Jian Wushuang was holding his sword in one hand and standing in the void. Moreover, the golden Divine Ape, which was emitting a shocking aura, shrouded his body.

The strongest move of the Five Beast Soul Manipulation Knack, Divine Ape!

What was different from the past was that when Jian Wushuang unleashed this move with his full power at that moment, there was an additional golden armor and helmet on the golden Divine Ape. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This was the form that the golden Divine Ape took after Jian Wushuang had completely mastered the Five Beast Soul Manipulation Knack and it was at its strongest. Combined with Jian Wushuang’s Soul Power, which had achieved the highest level of a Void Real God, its power was something that even an Eternal Real God could not underestimate.

“Real God Xue Wu.”

Jian Wushuang’s hair was blown back and he stared at Real God Xue Wu with burning eyes, “Since I made a breakthrough, you are the first one to force me to unleash my full power.”

“Today, let us have a good fight!”

Jian Wushuang’s voice was filled with unlimited excitement. While he was speaking, a big crimson sea of fire flowed from his body.

The crimson sea of fire covered ten thousand miles in an instant and transformed it into a sea of fire. Within the sea of fire, apart from Real Gods who were able to stand, all the vegetation had been burnt into ashes.

As for Jian Wushuang, he was standing in the middle of the sea of fire as its emperor.

The Five Beast Soul Manipulation Knack had achieved perfection and with that, the Divine Ape, the strongest move, was unleashed. During this process, Jian Wushuang’s Soul Power and Divine Power had combined wonderfully.

In addition, there was also the secret skill Scarlet Kingdom, which had also achieved its peak.

Since his secret skills had achieved their peaks, the power of these two secret skills would rise greatly as well.

The Jian Wushuang of the very moment had finally used his full power!

In the void, Real God Xue Wu had an ugly expression.

He could feel that Jian Wushuang, who was standing in front of him at that moment, was giving him a lot more pressure compared to before.

As for the Void Real Gods who were observing the battle, every one of them opened their eyes wide as they were surprised.

It was only then that they understood that Jian Wushuang had been holding back previously.

However, as of the very moment, Jian Wushuang had released his full power for real.

“Let’s fight!”

Jian Wushuang gave a shout and his body stepped on the void fiercely.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

Jian Wushuang’s feet stepping on the void step by step and every step would easily cause the void below his feet to burst open.

Just like this, Jian Wushuang walked step by step and got nearer to Real God Xue Wu. However, he was not moving very quickly.

When he appeared a thousand miles away from Real God Xue Wu, his hands held the Blood Mountain Sword and he raised it high up.

Following his actions, the extremely lofty golden Divine Ape, which shrouded him, wore a golden armor and a helmet, also raised the illusory golden long sword above its head.

At that very moment, the whole universe turned completely dark.

The vast sky was only left with the golden longsword.

Real God Xue Wu’s expression was grave and he looked on as Jian Wushuang walked over. However, at the moment Jian Wushuang raised the longsword in his hands…

“Eh?”

Real God Xue Wu’s eyes shrank. He could clearly feel frightening sword essence moving toward him from all directions as if he had been locked onto by hundreds of millions of sword shadows at the same time. He even had a feeling that there was no way to block or dodge the attack.

It was as if, in the next moment, he would lose his life to the terrifying stroke.

“This is… Sword Realm?” Real God Xue Wu murmured.

Finally, the longsword that Jian Wushuang had raised very high was swung down.

A giant Startled Swan appeared.

The void was sliced into two halves mercilessly and instantly. After that, the attack appeared in front of Real God Xue Wu.

This stroke was known as Reincarnation of the Highest Heaven!

This was the strongest stroke that Jian Wushuang had created while training in the volcano’s cave for fifteen years by using his understanding of the Sword Principles combined with the Reincarnation Doctrine that he had comprehended.

Comparing its power, it was a lot more powerful than the One Stroke of No Regrets that he had unleashed previously!

“This is… stage two? Stage two Unique Skill of a Real God?” Real God Xue Wu opened his eyes wide.

Stage two Unique Skill of a Real God was the Unique Skill at the level of an Eternal Real God.

Under normal circumstances, only Eternal Real Gods were able to create such Unique Skills. For example, Real God Xue Wu had become an Eternal Real God for quite a long period of time. However, he had only created one stage two Unique Skill of a Real God, which was the Eighteen Heavenly Fire that he used previously.

However, at that very moment, Jian Wushuang, a Universe God, actually unleashed a stage two Unique Skill of a Real God?

“Hmph!”

Without having time to care about his amazement, Real God Xue Wu gave a cold hum and his six arms exerted power at the same time.

Silver light appeared and in no time his strongest move Eighteen Heavenly Fire was unleashed again and it clashed with the giant Startled Swan head on.

However, this time around…

“What?”

Real God Xue Wu’s expression changed abruptly. He could only look on as his own attack was pushed back and then dissipated. Moreover, it happened in an instant.

The remaining power from the remnants of the Startled Swan continued to attack his body. Even though he had Real God-level armor protecting his body, Real God Xue Wu still felt that the Qi and blood in his body were shaking crazily. His expression also turned slightly pale and his body retreated quickly. He was in a really miserable state.

“His power has actually increased so much so abruptly?” Real God Xue Wu was stunned.

However, he did not know that Jian Wushuang had only combined the Divine Power from his body and the Ancient God Power to launch his attack previously. Moreover, in this state, his strength had achieved the highest level of a Void Real God.

However, at that very moment, his Soul Power had been completely unleashed as well.

With the perfect combination of Soul Power at the highest level of a Real God and the Divine Power from his body, his power had managed to achieve a whole new level.

By further combining them with the Scarlet Kingdom, which was also at its highest level, Jian Wushuang’s abilities rose again. Hence, at the aspect of power, Jian Wushuang was no longer weaker than an Eternal Real God like him.