Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1585: Real God Duan Lingfeng!

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“Real God?”

“Duan Lingfeng has made a breakthrough?”

“How is that possible?”

Apart from Jian Wushuang, everyone else present was extremely shocked.

It must be known that when Duan Lingfeng was escaping from the Four Symbol Mansion previously, he was only a Universe God. In just tens of years’ time, which was considered short, he had actually made a breakthrough to a Real God?

Was Real God so easy to make a breakthrough to?

Swoosh!

Jian Wushuang shook himself free from Real God Chi Huo and Real God Xue Wu easily and went to Duan Lingfeng.

“Took you long enough to make a breakthrough; that’s really slow,” Jian Wushuang chuckled, “If you were a bit slower, I would have stolen your limelight.”

“It is not easy to make a breakthrough to a Real God,” Duan Lingfeng spoke and his eyes looked around the area soon after.

When Duan Lingfeng saw the ground, which was filled with bodies of Real Gods, he raised his eyebrows and his eyes were filled with surprise.

Straight after that, he looked at Real God Chi Huo and Real God Xue Wu, who were in front of him.

“Two Eternal Real Gods?” Duan Lingfeng’s eyes shrank.

“Indeed, there are two of them,” Jian Wushuang said.

“How strong are they?” Duan Lingfeng questioned.

“They should be normal Eternal Real Gods and their abilities are not too strong. If you really want to know who is stronger, that Real God Chi Huo is slightly stronger,” Jian Wushuang said.

Jian Wushuang had fought with the two Real Gods before. Hence, he naturally had a rough estimation of their abilities.

“Since that’s the case, leave Real God Chi Huo to me and I shall leave the other one to you,” Duan Lingfeng said.

“No problem,” Jian Wushuang shrugged his shoulders without a care in the world.

Duan Lingfeng then walked over to Real God Chi Huo immediately while being observed by many experts around the area. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Although he was walking slowly, his steps were heavy and filled with strength. As such, every step was like a drumstick hitting Real God Chi Huo’s heart ruthlessly.

The expressions of Real God Chi Huo and the experts of the Four Symbol Mansion who rushed over became unusually grave.

In the Eternal Chaotic World, those who were able to get into the top ten of the Universe God ranking list, even though they were only Universe Gods, had abilities very close to that of a Peak Void Real God.

As for those who were able to get into the top three of the Universe God ranking list, they definitely possessed the fighting capabilities of a Peak Void Real God.

Previously, Duan Lingfeng had been one of the top three of the Universe God ranking list.

When he was still a Universe God, his fighting capabilities had been equivalent to that of a Peak Void Real God.

However, at that moment, he had made a breakthrough to a Real God. Hence, how strong could he be?

Would he be able to compete against an Eternal Real God?

As the audience thought about it, Duan Lingfeng made his move.

“The fifteenth!”

The saber behind Duan Lingfeng was unsheathed and he held it tightly in his hands. After giving a shout, and with a surge of Real God-level Divine Power, buzz! Buzz! Buzz! Many towering crimson saber shadows appeared out of thin air from the higher part of the sky.

Every saber shadow was extremely huge.

Moreover, the power that every saber shadow emitted was enough to make a normal Void Real God terrified.

However, a total of fifteen crimson saber shadows had appeared in the higher part of sky.

After the fifteen crimson saber shadows appeared, they came together and fused at a frightening speed. In just a short amount of time, the fifteen saber shadows had completely fused into one saber shadow.

This saber shadow was scarlet in color, dazzling and unparalleled.

Under the fearful gaze of the two Eternal Real Gods, Real God Chi Huo and Real God Xue Wu, the saber shadow descended and its target was Real God Chi Huo.

Real God Chi Huo had already blown up his two dashing eyebrows and he had a grave expression. In addition, his eyes were glowing brilliantly.

At that moment, a great amount of red flames rose from his body and his two palms went completely red.

With a wave of his right hand, he moved the red flames around him and in the next moment…

“Emperor-level Blood Fire Destruction!”

Boom, boom!!!

An extremely tall giant wave, composed of only red flames, appeared.

The sea of fire was monstrous and it was burning everything in the universe crazily.

Straight after that, the tall and enormous red fire wave clashed with the scarlet, dazzling crimson saber shadow head-on.

As soon as they clashed, a great amount of saber shadow and red flames dissipated at once and spread through the surroundings madly.

The void and ground around the area welcomed a storm that would bring about the end of the world.

However, all of a sudden, at the core of the clash between the two attacks, another crack formed at the center of the tall and enormous red fire wave abruptly.

At the start, the crack had been very small. However, it started to spread at an incredible speed.

In a short amount of time, the tall, enormous red fire wave split into two.

Within the crack, the crimson saber shadow that Duan Lingfeng had unleashed was still glowing brilliantly with a crimson light and it headed straight for Real God Chi Huo.

“Puff!”

Real God Chi Huo gave a groan and his expression turned pale at once. Moreover, some blood had flowed out from the corners of his mouth and his body retreated miserably.

Duan Lingfeng raised his head, shot a glance at Real God Chi Huo and swung his palm immediately.

“Darkness Region.”

All of a sudden, unlimited darkness enshrouded the whole universe and Duan Lingfeng was like the emperor of the darkness.

His eyes glowed with a shrill light and with a change of his body, he appeared in front of Real God Chi Huo. Right after that, frightening murderous intent burst forth abruptly.

A vast blood mist then changed into a sea of blood which covered him and Real God Chi Huo completely in an instant.

Jian Wushuang and many experts from the Four Symbol Mansion were watching from the sidelines. However, at that moment, they could only see the sea of blood and hear crazy clashing sounds which came from the sea of blood continuously. However, they were unable to see what was happening within the sea of blood.

There was an intense clash and insane sounds of thunder.

In just an instant, which was even less than a breath’s time, the sea of blood which had filled the sky dispersed. Duan Lingfeng and Real God Chi Huo’s bodies then appeared in front of everyone again.

However, when the audience saw the conditions of the both of them at that moment, they were all surprised.

At that moment, Duan Lingfeng was still in his white robe and he was extremely indifferent. Although he was in the sea of blood, his body did not have any bloodstains and his aura was extremely strong.

As for Real God Chi Huo, his hair was in a mess and his face was filled with blood. At the same time, one of his palms was cut off and he had lost his five fingers. Such a condition was really very tragic.

“Real God Chi Huo, an Eternal God, was actually forced into this state in such a short amount of time?” the people in the area who were observing the battle became stupefied.

Even Jian Wushuang’s eyes shrank.

He had fought with Real God Chi Huo moments ago and his abilities were indeed not too bad. At the very least, he was slightly stronger than Real God Xue Wu.

In a one-to-one match, Jian Wushuang had confidence that he could suppress Real God Chi Huo. However, if he wanted to force Real God Chi Huo into such a tragic state and even cut off half of his palm in such a short period of time, he was sure that he could not do it.

However, Duan Lingfeng had managed to do it.

“After making a breakthrough to a Real God, Duan Lingfeng’s abilities should be slightly stronger than mine,” Jian Wushuang thought.