Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1589: New Deacon

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“Level one?” the black-robed man could not help but be stunned.

In the ten Cultivation Sanctuaries, many top geniuses and experts were on their list of must-kills.

Moreover, the list of must-kills was split according to different levels. In particular, the highest level was level one and this class of people was made up of people who they wished to kill the most.

Before this, there were only three people on level one of the list of must-kills. However, at that very moment, another person was added to the list.

…

At the same time as the experts of the whole Eternal Chaotic World were shocked by the abilities that Jian Wushuang displayed and his identity as an Inverse Cultivator, Jian Wushuang and Duan Lingfeng had already left the Colored Glaze Sanctuary. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Jian Wushuang, let’s part here,” Duan Lingfeng said.

“Alright. In any case, there is still the transmission token. If you come across any trouble in the future, you can just send a message to me,” Jian Wushuang said.

“Yes,” Duan Lingfeng nodded his head slightly. After that, he left alone.

As for Lei Chao who was by the side, he was looking on quietly. It was only after Duan Lingfeng left that he murmured: “This Duan Lingfeng is indeed a very outstanding genius. However, it’s a pity that he dislikes being bound to a sect.”

During the period of?time where they were travelling, Lei Chao had tried to invite Duan Lingfeng to join the Lineage of Star. However, he was rejected by Duan Lingfeng.

“There are pros and cons of joining a sect. However, Duan Lingfeng is quite unsociable and he does not want to join a sect. That is pretty normal as well,” Jian Wushuang said.

From knowing Duan Lingfeng and interacting with him, Jian Wushuang knew what kind of person Duan Lingfeng was.

“Let’s return to the Lineage of Star. I have not gone back for a very long time,” Jian Wushuang laughed.

“Yes,” Lei Chao nodded his head.

The two of them headed toward the Lineage of Star at once.

At the Lineage of Star, inside the cave that was created by special gems.

Hall Master Yuan and more than ten deacons of the Lineage of Star had gathered together and they were staring at the video in front of them in detail.

The video was currently playing the scene where Jian Wushuang unleashed his killing spree in all directions of the Burning Demon Region.

“This martial art motion is amazing!”

“A total of close to one hundred shadows. Gosh.”

“Look, the Real Gods of the Four Symbol Mansion have become stupefied one by one. They have all been surprised by the abilities that Jian Wushuang displayed.”

The deacons were talking and all their eyes were glowing brilliantly.

It was only after a long time that they finished watching the video.

What followed after that was a sigh.

“Previously, we still felt that it was such a pity that Jian Wushuang had lost all his abilities and was reduced to a disabled person. However, who could have thought that Jian Wushuang was actually an Inverse Cultivator and he was undergoing the Inverse Cultivation Test previously!”

“I did not expect the Lineage of Star to actually have an Inverse Cultivator as its disciple. Moreover, this Inverse Cultivator has also cleared all the Inverse Cultivation Tests.”

“It must be our luck. Perhaps many big powerhouses in the ten Cultivation Sanctuaries will all be envious of us now.”

All of the deacons had excited expressions.

“Hmph, when Jian Wushuang lost all his abilities back then, all of your attitudes were not like this.”

Hall Master Yuan’s dissatisfied voice could be heard and this caused the deacons present to become embarrassed at once.

Human beings were all pragmatic.

In the past, when Jian Wushuang had lost all his abilities, the deacons no longer had a good opinion of Jian Wushuang and they had even tried to get Hall Master Yuan to give up on Jian Wushuang by not giving him many resources.

However, at that moment, after knowing the full details of the matter, the deacons naturally felt a bit diffident.

“Hall Master Yuan, if my guess is not wrong, you have known Jian Wushuang’s real identity since a long time ago, right?” a red-clothed woman asked.

“Yes, I know,” Hall Master Yuan nodded his head.

“That explains it,” the deacons understood immediately.

It was no wonder that Hall Master Yuan had always treated Jian Wushuang well. For example, even though Jian Wushuang had lost all his abilities for such a long period of time, he still withstood the pressure for Jian Wushuang forcefully.

It was actually due to the fact that he knew Jian Wushuang was undergoing the Inverse Cultivation Test a long time ago.

“Eh?” Hall Master Yuan’s expression changed abruptly and he looked around the surroundings straight away, “Jian Wushuang and Lei Chao have returned. Everyone, do you want to follow me to welcome the both of them back?”

All the deacons looked at one another and nodded their heads immediately.

With Hall Master Yuan at the front, tens of deacons headed to the entrance of the Endless Milky Way at once. This also attracted the attention of many Star Palace disciples right away.

“What’s going on?”

“By the looks of it, Hall Master Yuan and the deacons are planning to go to the entrance of the Endless Milky Way. Why are they going there?”

“Let’s go and take a look as well.”

A number of disciples of the Lineage of Star followed at once. It was only when everyone reached the entrance of the Endless Milky Way that they stopped moving.

In no time, two shadows appeared in the lines of vision of everyone.

Be it the deacons or the disciples, all of them knew the two of them.

“It’s Lord Lei Chao and the other person is… Jian Wushuang!!”

“It’s Senior Brother Wushuang. From the looks of it, he has recovered from his poison.”

“Indeed, he has recovered. I can feel the Divine Power from his body.”

“The exceptional genius from the past has returned?”

The disciples of the Lineage of Star caused a commotion straight away.

From Jian Wushuang’s battle in the Burning Demon Region to that moment, only tens of days had passed. Although the news of that battle had already spread, most of the normal Star Palace disciples did not know about it. As such, they were naturally surprised when they saw Jian Wushuang at that moment.

Swoosh!

Hall Master Yuan and his group of people welcomed Jian Wushuang and Lei Chao back at once.

“Jian Wushuang, welcome back,” Hall Master Yuan wore a smile on his face.

“Hall Master Yuan. Deacons,” Jian Wushuang spoke modestly.

“No need to stand on ceremony,” Hall Master Yuan waved his hands and said, “Today, the deacons and I have come here together so that we can welcome you back. Secondly, we have come to announce something.”

“Oh?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed.

The deacons around the area, as well as the disciples who were observing from a distance away, all revealed a puzzled expression.

“From today onwards, the Lineage of Star will have another deacon and he is… Jian Wushuang!”

Hall Master Yuan’s voice was extensive. By spreading it with Divine Power intentionally, his voice spread to each and every corner of the Lineage of Star. With that, almost every disciple of the Lineage of Star heard the announcement.

Atop the Milky Way, the deacons behind Hall Master Yuan looked at one another and nodded their heads.

As for Jian Wushuang, he had a confused expression.

“Let’s go. We shall continue this inside the cave,” Hall Master Yuan laughed.

Jian Wushuang nodded his head and the group of them headed to the cave that Hall Master Yuan had mentioned immediately.

However, at that moment, the big Lineage of Star was in a complete uproar.

Many disciples were totally dumbfounded.

“What’s going on? Why did Jian Wushuang become a new deacon out of nowhere?”

“Isn’t he still in the Qing Tian Mystery Land and living the life of a normal person? Moreover, there were rumors a long time ago saying that there’s no chance of him ever making a comeback. However, now… Could it be that his abilities have recovered?”

“Even if his abilities have recovered, that doesn’t mean that he can become a deacon directly, right?”