Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1591: The Second Volume Of Xuan Mie Golden Body

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

For example, Qiu Yue had limited resources and she had barely met the requirements in terms of consciousness. However, to date, she was still unable to create a Real God-level Unique Skill.

Moreover, Qiu Yue’s weapon was a long spear. Thus, Jian Wushuang was unable to give her a lot of advice for her Unique Skill. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The third requirement – to raise one’s abilities to its maximum such that it could no longer increase anymore – was not difficult and many Universe Gods could do it.

As for the last requirement, it was the most difficult and it was also totally impossible to predict.

An opportunity to make a breakthrough. However, would the opportunity come when the person asked for it?

For some Universe Gods, they had achieved the first three requirements. However, they were still stuck at Universe Gods for hundreds or even millions of years and were unable to make a breakthrough as they were unable to find an opportunity to do so.

Take some of the Universe Gods in the Universe God ranking list as an example. Looking at the God Destroying King, he had already fulfilled the first three requirements. However, he was unable to make a breakthrough as he could not find the opportunity to do so.

As for people like Duan Lingfeng, they were very fortunate.

“Now, I have also achieved the Universe God of the Third Heaven. Next, I should make preparations to make a breakthrough to become a Real God. For the four requirements to make a breakthrough to a Real God, I have achieved Real God-level Unique Skill and Real-God level consciousness. As for the two remaining requirements…” Jian Wushuang could not help but shake his head.

To Jian Wushuang, he was still far from achieving the highest level of abilities for his current realm.

After all, he had only just achieved Universe God of the Third Heaven and there was still room for his abilities to grow. Moreover, his current abilities were at the eruption stage. Hence, for him to raise his abilities to their maximum, he would definitely need quite a bit of time.

As for the last requirement, the opportunity to make a breakthrough was vague with no foreshadowing It would come anytime and Jian Wushuang could not do anything about it.

“No matter what, I have to do my best to raise my abilities.”

Inside a secret room, Jian Wushuang was sitting up straight with his legs crossed. Hall Master Yuan had already sent someone to deliver the resources needed to cultivate the second volume of the Xuan Mie Golden Body to Jian Wushuang.

“Let’s begin.”

Jian Wushuang started his training at once.

Xuan Mie Golden Body was one of the Lineage of Star’s four secret skills and it was a secret skill to defend one’s body.

Previously, Jian Wushuang was only a Universe God of the Second Heaven. However, with the aid of the Xuan Mie Golden Body, his body managed to reach the level of a normal Real God. Thus, from that, one could see how strong this secret skill was.

At that very moment, Jian Wushuang had achieved Universe God of the Third Heaven. As such, he fulfilled the requirements to cultivate the second volume of Xuan Mie Golden Body.

Time passed by. In the blink of an eye, fifty years had passed.

“Success!”

Jian Wushuang, who had closed his eyes tightly all the while, finally opened his eyes. His eyes were filled with happiness.

When he was cultivating the first volume of Xuan Mie Golden Body back then, he had failed once during the process. Hence, he used a total of fifteen years to cultivate the skill successfully.

As for the second volume of Xuan Mie Golden Body, which was obviously more difficult than the first volume, he had managed to cultivate it successfully in fifty years’ time.

“My body…”

Jian Wushuang was checking out his body at the very moment. As he clenched both his fists with strength, an explosive power burst forth and caused space to become distorted straight away.

“As expected. Since I have cultivated the second volume of Xuan Mie Golden Body successfully, my body has achieved the level of an Eternal Real God,” Jian Wushuang was delighted and excited.

Previously, his body was only at the level of a Real God. At that very moment, it had achieved the level of an Eternal Real God…Visit on our

The great improvement of the body meant that Jian Wushuang’s defense would be stronger and his ability to keep himself alive would be greater.

“For secret skills, I have already honed the secret skills that I have learnt to the highest level that they can achieve at my current stage. Next, the things that I can still improve are my Unique Skills and comprehension of the Heaven Way,” Jian Wushuang’s eyes glowed brilliantly. After that, he closed his eyes and started his comprehension with great concentration.

Jian Wushuang’s understanding toward Sword Principles was so high that it was shocking. However, he was restricted by his realm previously.

At that very moment, his realm had made a breakthrough and he could display all his understanding of the Sword Principles. In the Burning Demon Region, he had merely comprehended peacefully for fifteen years and managed to create a primary stage two Real God Unique Skill. However, Jian Wushuang knew that the primary stage two Real God Unique Skill was not his best.

His Sword Principles were still in the eruption stage and it was the same for his comprehension of the Reincarnation Doctrine and Spacetime Doctrine.

At that very moment, he had completely emptied his mind and immersed himself into his training.

He was very certain that currently, the most important thing was to train!

At the very least, he had to train until the eruption stage came to an end. Once the eruption stage was over, the growth of his abilities would slow down. At that time, learning things through experience and looking for opportunities would be the most suitable way for him to continue improving himself.

With training, Jian Wushuang’s Sword Principles, as well as his comprehension of the Reincarnation Doctrine and Spacetime Doctrine, improved continuously.

In the blink of an eye, another three hundred years had passed.

“Jian Wushuang.”

A message was sent and Jian Wushuang, who was in the midst of his training, woke up with a start.

“Hall Master Yuan, what’s wrong?” Jian Wushuang questioned.

“Today, there will be a banquet at my place and the deacons of the Lineage of Star staying at the Milky Way will have to attend it. You should come as well,” Hall Master Yuan said.

“A banquet? For what purpose are we holding the banquet such that even all the deacons have to attend?”

Although Jian Wushuang had doubts, he still moved his body straight away.

In no time, Jian Wushuang arrived at the location of the banquet.

It was a very large-scale banquet. Within the Lineage of Star, there were currently more than forty deacons staying at the Endless Milky Way and all of them were present for the banquet. Jian Wushuang was also with them.

After arriving at the banquet, Jian Wushuang could tell immediately that the star of the banquet was Lei Chao.

Among the Real Gods of the Lineage of Star, Lei Chao was the only one who made it into the Real God ranking list. Hence, he could be said to be the number one of the Real Gods within the Lineage of Star. Also, before Jian Wushuang had come to the Lineage of Star, Lei Chao had been travelling in an extremely special place that was filled with danger.

For the past few years, Lei Chao had returned to the Lineage of Star to take a rest for a period of time. However, at that very moment, he was about to leave again.

Thus, the banquet was held intentionally to send Lei Chao off.

“Lei Chao is an expert of the Real God ranking list and his abilities are extremely close to those of an Almighty. However, he still needs to travel with caution in that place. Moreover, it is also said that he might lose his life at any moment. If I’m not wrong, he should be travelling to one of the Eight Lairs,” the King of Venomous Worms’ voice echoed in Jian Wushuang’s head.

“The Eight Lairs?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed.

“That is one of the most dangerous places of the Eternal Chaotic World. In addition, there are also many things over there. However, your abilities now are still very weak and you do not have the qualifications to go there,” the King of Venomous Worms said.

Jian Wushuang nodded his head.

Although he possessed the fighting capabilities of an Eternal Real God at that very moment, he was still not at the top of the Eternal Chaotic World. Therefore, he did not know and was also not qualified to know any of the secrets of the Eternal Chaotic World.

The banquet was unusually lively.

Suddenly, a deacon who had achieved the level of a Chaotic Real God questioned, “Lei Chao, which lair are you to planning to go to this time round?”

“The sixth lair,” Lei Chao answer immediately.

After hearing that, a small number of deacons who knew something about the sixth lair opened their eyes wide.