Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1597: One Against One

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Two shadows, one in front and one behind, were moving quickly. During the journey, the distance between the both of them was well maintained. It neither closed up nor pulled further apart.

Just like that, the chase went on for close to an hour.

In a vast wasteland, Real God Shi Jue, who had been running away, finally stopped.

“Finally stopped running?”

Jian Wushuang’s body stopped in the void. He wore an indifferent smile and was looking at Real God Shi Jue who was in front of him.

He could tell a long time ago that Real God Shi Jue was not running away with his full power. Thus, it was obvious that he was baiting Jian Wushuang intentionally so that he could find an opportunity to kill Jian Wushuang later on.

However, didn’t Jian Wushuang have the same thought as well?

“Real God Shi Jue. Although you have not achieved the peak of an Eternal Real God, you are very close to it. Thus, such an Eternal God is a lot stronger than Real God Chi Huo and Real God Xue Wu who I have fought in the Burning Demon Region back then and it would also be quite a challenge for the current me,” Jian Wushuang squinted his eyes.

Although Real God Chi Huo and Real God Xue Wu were Eternal Real Gods, their abilities were normal and they were considered early stage Eternal Real Gods which belonged to the lowest level of the Eternal Real God.

As for Real God Shi Jue, he was considered quite high-level among the Eternal Real Gods where he was very close to the peak level. Even though he was fatally injured at that very moment and his abilities were affected to a certain extent, his fighting capabilities could not be compared to Eternal Real Gods at the level of Real God Chi Huo and Real God Xue Wu in the slightest.

If it were five hundred years ago, Jian Wushuang would not be daring enough to hunt Real God Shi Jue down by himself.

However, it was different at that very moment…

After training for five hundred years at the eruption stage, his abilities had risen considerably and the current him had the confidence to fight with Real God Shi Jue.

“Jian Wushuang, the number one demon in the history of the Lineage of Star… Hehe. Back then, I merely killed two Star Palace disciples. With that, I made the Lineage of Star extremely furious and they hunted me down like crazy. Today, if I were to kill you, the number one demon, I wonder what the Lineage of Star would do?” Real God Shi Jue grinned.

At the same time, he was very sure of his own condition.

“Currently, I should be able to unleash seventy percent of my fighting capabilities.”

“Although it’s only seventy percent, it will be more than enough to kill him.”

“Die.”

Real God Shi Jue’s eyes turned cold and his body changed into a hideous Exotic Beast with its body filled with golden scales at once. He then attacked with lightning speed immediately.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Real God Shi Jue’s body moved quickly and remnants of his shadow were left behind on the void. His speed was extremely fast. For early stage Eternal Real Gods like Real God Chi Huo and Real God Xue Wu, it would probably be difficult for them to see his path. However, Jian Wushuang was able to see it clearly.

“He’s here!”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes turned serious. The hideous Exotic Beast, its body filled with golden scales, had already appeared in front of him. At the same time, it jumped high up into the air and it swung the sharp claws on its paws down with lightning speed.

A ray of golden light.

Icy cold and dazzling!

It ripped the air open and generated an ear-piercing noise.

When the golden light appeared, it was only one ray of golden light. However, it changed to tens of rays of golden light abruptly.

Every ray of golden light contained a shocking amount of power.

“Over here.”

Jian Wushuang locked on to one ray of the golden light instantly and the Blood Mountain Sword in his hands attacked like a spiritual snake straight away.

The swordlight collided with the golden light and its frightening power squeezed the void. With a “swish” sound, a space crack that spanned hundreds of miles appeared.

Golden light also appeared on Jian Wushuang’s body at once and it changed into a giant golden Divine Ape. The golden Divine Ape wore golden armor as well as a helmet and its hands were holding a golden longsword tightly.

At the same time, a great amount of crimson flames appeared and changed the surrounding area into a sea of fire with Jian Wushuang as its emperor.

By using the golden Divine Ape and Scarlet Kingdom at the same time, Jian Wushuang had unleashed his full abilities.

As for the hideous golden Exotic Beast that Real God Shi Jue had transformed into, with a strange change, one Meta Beast abruptly became two.

Although the two golden Exotic Beasts were exactly the same, one of them was weak while the one other one was strong in terms of power.

The two golden Exotic Beasts then jumped high up into the sky at the same time. After that, they appeared beside Jian Wushuang, one on the left and the other one on the right.

Swish! Swish!

Two dazzling rays of golden light burst forth at the same time.

“Blood Shadow Slaughter!”

The two golden Exotic Beasts were emitting an enormous amount of murderous intent and the two rays of golden light headed toward Jian Wushuang’s head with lightning speed.

The two rays of golden light were like two golden awls and they contained a shocking amount of power. Even if it were Jian Wushuang, he could not help but be terrified.

He was clear that if any of the two rays of light were to hit his head, he would definitely be killed.

“Roar!”

The golden Divine Ape which shrouded Jian Wushuang’s body roared furiously and the golden longsword in its hands struck the golden Exotic Beast with the stronger aura angrily.

At the same time, a Demonic Dragon, which was filled with murderous intent, appeared and bit the golden Exotic Beast at the other side.

Bam! Bam!

Both of their attacks clashed. Within the golden Exotic Beast with the stronger aura, with a glow of shrill light in Real God Shi Jue’s eyes, the golden Exotic Beast swung its long tail. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Bang!

The tail passed through the golden Divine Ape directly and struck Jian Wushuang’s body.

Jian Wushuang only felt that the distance between them was widening as his body was sent flying immediately.

After regaining his posture, some blood flowed out of the corners of his mouth.

“As expected of the Real God Shi Jue. Even though he is seriously injured, his fighting capabilities are still so strong,” Jian Wushuang said and he gasped in admiration.

For an Eternal Real God who was near the peak level, even though it was only seventy percent of his fighting capabilities, he was still exceptionally strong.

“Even though you are merely a Universe God, your defense is actually so strong?” Real God Shi Jue frowned.

He had originally thought that only Jian Wushuang’s fighting capabilities were strong, so that they were not inferior to that of an Eternal Read God. However, he did not expect Jian Wushuang’s defense to be so impressive as well.

As for the golden Exotic Beast that he had transformed into, a swing of its tail with its full power was enough to kill a Void Real God easily. However, when it struck Jian Wushuang, it caused him to be barely injured.

It was obvious that Jian Wushuang’s defense was not weaker than a normal Eternal Real God’s.

“Real God Shi Jue, you shall take one stroke of mine as well,” Jian Wushuang spoke apathetically and he had already raised the longsword in his hands high up into the air.

Real God Shi Jue’s eyes shrank. At the moment when Jian Wushuang raised his longsword, Real God Shi Jue realized that the universe across the area seemed to have already started to head toward him.

Boom~~~ A giant sword shadow appeared out of thin air in the void. It was extremely huge and the amount of power it contained was enough to make early stage Eternal Real Gods fearful.

However, it was merely the beginning of the sword shadow.

Buzz, buzz!!!

After the first sword shadow appeared, more sword shadows were formed repeatedly at the void to one?side.

Many towering sword shadows were floating in the void. Looking at it, there was a total of ten sword shadows.

At the next instant, the ten towering sword shadows fused together completely.