Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 17: The Ghastful Speed of Improvement!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Nine-wolves Mountain was fifteen kilometers away from the county and it took Jian Wushuang half a day to get there. He spent a long time trying to find the cave in the north rift of the Mountain.

“It’s that cave. ” Standing at the top of a big tree, Jian Wushuang could see a cave at the bottom of the rift. Not far from the cave was a huge monster; its breathing sounded rhythmically from its nose.

“Is that a Bloody Lion? ” Jian Wushuang stared at the huge monster, unable to look away.

Bai Chong had mentioned that the cave with Primordial Spiritual Liquid was the territory of a Bloody Lion at the Peak of the Sixth Realm. A monster at the Peak of that realm could match a Warrior at the Peak of the Sixth Step of Spirit Path. Some spirit beasts had innate advantages, so when they battled human beings, they were stronger.

“The spirit beasts are born to hate human beings, and their territorial awareness is extremely strong. If I want to get into that cave, I have no choice but to kill the Bloody Lion. So let’s fight! ”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes were like lightning. Like an eagle preying on its food, he leapt down from the treetop. Long Sword on his back was unsheathed at the same time. The sound of his sword echoed in the rift, as Jian Wushuang rushed violently towards the Bloody Lion.

“Bloody Lion! ” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were full of battle intent.

“Human Being! ” Bloody Lion woke up with a start and a pair of dark gold eyes burst out with cold killing intent. With an angry roar, it charged ferociously at Jian Wushuang.

The battle surprisingly finished in just an instant.

Jian Wushuang sheathed his bloody Long Sword and looked at Bloody Lion on the ground. Blood oozed from the deep sword scar in its neck. Many sword scars of different sizes were spread all over its body. It was dead now.

According to convention, at the Peak of the Sixth Realm, the Bloody Lion was powerful enough to defeat human beings at Peak of the Sixth Step of the Spirit Path. However, this was only the case with normal Human Warriors. Once it encountered Human Warriors who mastered excellent Martial Arts Techniques, not only could it not defeat them, it would be totally defeated by them. Jian Wushuang’s swordsmanship could overwhelm the whole Sword Marquis Mansion, so killing a Bloody Lion was rather easy.

Ignoring the Bloody Lion’s corpse, Jian Wushuang stepped into the cave. It was deep, and its path was very narrow. However, when he went through the small entranceway, he found it was quite different from the outside.

The interior of the cave was quite refined. There was a stone table, bench, and bed. It appeared that someone had once lived here. As he entered further into the cave, he found that the pond emitted a faint scent.

The diameter of the pond was three meters or less. It belonged to a small creature. However, as soon as Jian Wushuang noticed the pond, his eyes were full of wild excitement.

“Primordial Spiritual Liquid! ”

Jian Wushuang looked at the fragrant, and nearly transparent, water in the pond eagerly. He could feel the pure power contained in the water. There was no doubt this pond water truly was the invaluable Primordial Spiritual Liquid.

The whole pond!

…

Jian Wushuang jumped into the pond. The moment he entered the pond, he found that although it was not long in diameter, it was very deep, at least ten meters.

“Such a large pond! All this water is Primordial Spiritual Liquid. I wonder how much there is? ” Jian Wushuang thought in excitement.

Primordial Spiritual Liquid was the purest Spiritual Liquid. It contained almost no impurities. For Warriors following the Spirit Path, it was much stronger than Spirit-cultivating pills. Primordial Spiritual Liquid formed naturally, so very few people could use large quantities of it to improve their cultivation.

But now there was a whole pond! If the water was divided into drops, how many would it be? What would the value be? No doubt it was very high!

“Sir Bai Chong has given me such an amazing opportunity. ” Trembling slightly with anticipation, Jian Wushuang was extremely grateful.

Without hesitation, Jian Wushuang began to cultivate in the pond.

By cultivating in the pond, he could absorb the Primordial Spiritual Liquid surrounding him and turn it into Spiritual Power. For an ordinary warrior, it would take a considerable amount of time to absorb all the Primordial Spiritual Liquid in the pond, but Jian Wushuang was different.

Heavenly Creation Skill greatly defied the natural order.

The First-class Spirit-Cultivating Pill he’d taken earlier contained such toxicity that it would take ordinary Warriors one or two months to absorb it. However, Jian Wushuang had completely absorbed the pill in just one night.

It was the same with the Primordial Spiritual Liquid.

As Jian Wushuang started to practice Heavenly Creation Skill, the power of his Cultivation Method immediately manifested itself. An overbearing power was erupting out from his body, forcefully absorbing everything nearby. The Primordial Spiritual Liquid in the pond was the first to be absorbed. It flooded into Jian Wushuang’s pores at an amazing speed.

It was like a huge black hole, consuming everything, crazy and overwhelming.

How horrifying was the absorption speed! As Primordial Spiritual Liquid flooded into his body, it was changed into Spiritual Power, by using the Heavenly Creation Skill. With this process of absorption and change, the steadily increasing speed of his Spiritual Power could be regarded as terrifying!

“It is too fast! The increase of my Spiritual Power is too fast and terrifying! ” Jian Wushuang was shocked at himself. His mind was muddled, and he could not believe it.

Because the speed was too frightening.

In fact, all this was natural.

Primordial Spiritual Liquid combined with Heavenly Creation Skill, which defied the Heavens, was truly overwhelming and terrifying!

Just like the First-class Spirit-Cultivating Pill he’d taken before, for Warriors, Primordial Spiritual Liquid’s function was much stronger than Spirit-cultivating pills. The pond’s Primordial Spiritual Liquid was equal to ten First-class Spirit-Cultivating Pills.

Therefore, the increasing speed of his Spiritual Power was naturally beyond imagination.

In just half a day, Jian Wushuang found his Spiritual Power had reached Peak of the Sixth Heaven of Divine Path!

It had only taken half a day. It seemed that the pond had not reduced much in Primordial Spiritual Liquid from this half-day of absorption.

Over the next few days, Jian Wushuang focused fully on cultivating and didn’t tell anyone about the terrifying improvement of his strength. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Time seemed to pass slowly, yet twenty days went by in the blink of an eye.

In the pond.

The water level was decreasing. Jian Wushuang remained in the pond, as some Primordial Spiritual Liquid was still flowing into his body. Finally, as the last drop of Primordial Spiritual Liquid was absorbed, the huge pond had disappeared completely.

Jian Wushuang, who had been indulging in his cultivation, suddenly opened his eyes. A terrifying flash burst out from his eyes.