Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1610: Advanced By Leaps And Bounds

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Fairy Palace had been of unbelievable help towards the power of Heaven Way,

“I have two tokens of the Fairy Palace’s Legacy and could return to Reincarnation Fairy Palace and Spacetime Fairy Space for a hundred years respectively. In the next one hundred years, I could divide it into ten times and every time I spend ten years in there. I would have three thousand years to cultivate on Thunderbolt Island. If so… I shall go to Reincarnation Fairy Palace and Spacetime Palace on rotation once. Then I will cultivate on Thunderbolt Island for two hundred and eighty years. Two hundred and eighty years later, I shall comprehend for the second time

“I shall set three hundred years as one term!”

“With such an allocation, when I finish my time limit for both Fairy Palaces, I will happen to fulfill a three thousand year time limit on Thunderbolt Island. It will be a better cultivation effect too.

Jian Wushuang made his mind.

He immediately entered Reincarnation Fairy Palace.

He stayed in Reincarnation Fairy Palace for nine years, then he headed over to Spacetime Fairy Palace for ten years.

Both Spacetime Fairy Palace and Reincarnation Fairy Palace were similar. They both had twenty-seven scroll paintings and the effect was identical.

Along with the comprehension, Jian Wushuang immersed himself in the cultivation opportunities on Thunderbolt Island and in cultivation.

Under such a logical allocation, in the blink of an eye, about a thousand and five hundred years passed. To be exact, one thousand five hundred and twenty years.

…

Jian Wushuang slowly walked out from the Fairy Palace and glanced at the Fairy Palace behind him. There was a faint smile plastered on his face.

“The sixth time!”

“I comprehend for ten years on each visit and I have comprehended sixty years each in both Reincarnation Fairy Palace and Spacetime Fairy Palace. Now, the token of the Fairy Palace’s Legacy only has forty years left each. However, this forty-year quota might not be put to use anytime soon.”

Jian Wushuang smiled.

One thousand five hundred and twenty years, Jian Wushuang went to Reincarnation Fairy Palace and Spacetime Fairy Palace twice. But then, he didn’t plan to comprehend in both Fairy Palaces again in the near future.

It was because his comprehension towards Heaven Way had already reached the limit his current realm could achieve.

He already comprehended the first tenth scroll paintings in both Reincarnation Doctrine and Spacetime Doctrine.

One should know that the twenty-seven scroll paintings in Fairy Palace corresponded with the ninth level in Doctrine Palace. When one understood the first nine scroll paintings, it meant that one could pass through the third level of Doctrine Palace. As he understood the tenth scroll paintings, it meant that not only did he pass through the third level of Doctrine Palace, he even took a step in the fourth level of Doctrine Palace.

The two doctrines that he understood had already reached a level.

“Not only in comprehension towards Heaven Way but in all aspects, it seems to be so,” Jian Wushuang clenched his hands.

With the aid of Thunderbolt Island’s designated place to train consciousness, his soul power broke through and reached the level of an Eternal Real God in the one thousand five hundred and twenty years.

In unique skill, his Myriad Waves also increased to his extreme limit that he could reach.

In each aspect, he had already reached his limit.

He already lost the possibility to continue to improve.

In other words, he had already achieved the third conditions to break through and become a Real God. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

One should know that he had just passed through the third inverse cultivation test.

If he were to cultivate by himself in the outside world, he wouldn’t know how long it would take for him to reach the limit of his current realm.

On Thunderbolt Island, with the aid of Fairy Palace, with the aid of opportunities on Thunderbolt Island, he had already achieved it in one thousand five hundred and fifty years!

From this itself, he could see the rarity of Thunderbolt Island. No wonder there were so many experts in Chaotic Real God who wanted to cultivate there.

“I have achieved the first three conditions to breakthrough and become Real God. Now, there’s only one last condition left, which is the opportunity to break through,” Jian Wushuang muttered to himself as he walked.

Opportunity to break through, it was the most uncertain condition among the four conditions to break through and become a Real God.

Opportunity and luck came as they wished.

If one was unlucky, it might not even come in a hundred or a few hundred thousand years.

Jian Wushuang could do nothing about it.

“Mm?”

Jian Wushuang suddenly looked to the side and there were some noises.

“It should be where the Fighting Space is located. I have been in Thunderbolt Island for so long but I’ve never been there,” Jian Wushuang thought and immediately walked toward the Fighting Space.

It looked just like an ordinary battle ring.

In the middle of the battle ring, there was a layer of prohibition. Under the coverage of the prohibition, the battlefield was extremely huge.

The boundless battlefield was Fighting Space.

The cultivators on Thunderbolt Island fought against one another and learned from one another in the Fighting Space.

The Life-and-Death Space was located in another place.

Jian Wushuang came to the battlefield and saw many experts in the surroundings while there was a vigorous fight going on in the Fighting Space.

The two opponents in the vigorous fight, one was an Eternal Real God while the other was someone Jian Wushuang knew.

“Real God Tian Ming from Four Symbol Mansion,” Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows, “Such a coincidence. I come here and immediately run into Real God Tian Ming in a battle.”

When Jian Wushuang first came to Thunderbolt Island previously, Real God Tian Ming had found him and wanted to battle with him. The bet was fifty years of cultivation time in Fairy Palace.

However, Jian Wushuang had rejected him.

Then, in the Fighting Space, there should be a bet between Real God Tian Ming and the other Eternal Real God as well. Both of them were fighting with their all.

However, it was obvious that under the similar divine power explosion, Real God Tian Ming’s comprehension of Heaven Way was stronger by one notch compared to an Eternal Real God’s. From the beginning of the battle, Real God Tian Ming had the upper hand. Even when the battle ended, nothing changed. In the end, the one who won was naturally Real God Tian Ming.

“Haha, Real God Yue Luo. Thank you for your eight hundred years cultivation time,” Real God Tian Ming laughed.

“Eight hundred years?” Jian Wushuang looked surprised. Then, he understood that the eight hundred years should be referring to cultivation time on Thunderbolt Island, not cultivation time in Fairy Palace.

As long as he was an expert in Sanctuary Alliance, he could cultivate three thousand years on Thunderbolt Island in every one hundred thousand years.

The three thousand years cultivation time was very important to experts in Sanctuary Alliance and he had lost eight hundred years in one go. Real God Yue Luo must be full of heartache.

As expected, he saw Real God Yue Luo walk out of the Fighting Space in distress.

In the Fighting Space, Real God Tian Ming smirked coldly, “Yue Luo, that dumbass. I intentionally showed my white feather before him and he really thought I was not his match?”

“Eight hundred years of cultivation time on Thunderbolt Island is not too shabby.”

Real God Tian Ming was thinking but he suddenly saw a figure outside Fighting Space. He immediately squinted his eyes and immediately let out a hearty laugh, “Isn’t that the top genius of Lineage of Star, Jian Wushuang? Do you have the guts to compete with me?