Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 164: Seven Days

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

At the summit of the mountain, while watching Ouyang Haotian’s body fall down, Ouyang Haoyue’s original cold-smiling face instantly turned pale.

“Bro, brother... How could it be possible? How? ”

Ouyang Haoyue couldn’t believe it.

Just now, his brother completely overpowered Jian Wushuang. But in a matter of seconds, it had been reversed.

His brother had died by Jian Wushuang’s sword.

“Your brother is dead. Now it’s your turn.” Jian Wushuang’s cold eyes suddenly looked towards Ouyang Haoyue.

That look was enough, Ouyang Haoyue was scared out of his wits.

He attempted to flee, but he was much slower than Jian Wushuang.

A beam of sword light flashed past Ouyang Haoyue’s body, instantly killing him.

After combining three sword essences, Jian Wushuang could already kill Ouyang Haotian, who was in Half Step Yin-Yang Realm, with one move.?Killing Ouyang Haoyue was a piece of a cake.

The moment Ouyang Haoyue was killed by Jian Wushuang, a chair suddenly cracked up in the air. The leader of the Ouyang clan stood up, with his hair and long beard billowing out, generating an overwhelming aura.

And his eyes were burning with fury.

Seeing this, everyone understood why this white-haired old man was so angry, and they didn’t say anything.

Seriously.

Though the Ouyang clan was one of the seven top clans in Tianzong Dynasty, it was rare for such a genius to appear.

They were lucky enough to have two genius born in this generation, and they were brothers. However, both of them were killed by the same person in this selection battle. If it was anyone else, they would definitely be angry as well.

If it was anywhere besides the selection battle, the white-haired old man would have already killed Jian Wushuang.

At the summit of the mountain.

Jian Wushuang directly sat cross-legged on the ground and started recovering his spiritual power after killing the Ouyang brothers.

These two successive battles had consumed a lot of his spiritual power.

“How are Second Brother and Fourth Sister doing?”?Jian Wushuang wondered, but he was not actually worried about it.

With his strength, Zaixuan could rank in the top ten or above on the Earthly Dragon List.

Even without being reckless, with his strength, it would not be difficult for him to get a core.

After all, only those who ranked in the top five could threaten him.

Among the top five, Xue Yun, an exceptional genius, ranked first, and no one dared to challenge him. Therefore, as soon as he got a core, he would stop fighting.

Baili Chen was a disciple of Dragon Palace and ranked second, he would definitely not challenge Yang Zaixuan.

Ouyang Haotian, who ranked third, was killed by Jian Wushuang.

Mu Yingying and Feng Yutian, ranking fourth and fifth respectively, could threaten Yang Zaixuan. However, even if Yang Zaixuan couldn’t defeat them in a head-on competition, he was able to save his own life.

As for Su Rou...

Jian Wushuang knew Su Rou had many secrets, and she was also full of tactics.

All the warriors in the selection battle, even the strongest, Xue Yun, might be unable to truly kill her.

“I already have a core. I need to use the next few days to prepare for the battle with Xue Yun.”?Jian Wushuang’s eyes were shining.

The selection battle lasted for seven days, and today was only the first day.

Before the selection battle ended, he would definitely confront Xue Yun. Therefore, he needed to be well-prepared.

For that reason, he stayed on the top of the mountain and made his preparations for the battle with Xue Yun.

Throughout the Cloud mountain range, the fighting and killing continued.

On the first day in the Cloud mountain range, 68 Gold Core Realm experts experienced the fiercest and craziest fights over the 15 beast cores.

Of the 15 spirit beasts, three of them almost reached Profound Yin Void Realm, while the other 12 were in the Initial Yin Void Realm. However, they were all killed within half a day.

After the spirit beasts were killed, the Gold Core Realm experts fiercely fought with each other.

Among the 15 mountains, fierce fights happened on the top of almost every mountain.

In a single day, all 15 cores had been claimed and less than 30 Gold Core Realm experts were still alive in Cloud mountain range. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

68 Gold Core Realm experts joined the selection battle. However, only a day later, more than half of them had been eliminated.

Among those who were eliminated, 90 percent of them were killed in a fierce battle. Only a few of them left the Cloud mountain range, realizing that the selection battle was horrifying and because they lacked confidence.

The remaining Gold Core Realm experts who didn’t get cores lingered on, looking for opportunities.

After all, the selection battle would last for seven days.

On the second day, it was quiet during the day. But during the night, a fierce fight took place again, after three experts joined together and sneak-attacked another expert who possessed a core. Though it was not as fierce as the first day, several experts were eliminated.

On the third day, there was a fierce fight in the Cloud mountain range that caused a lot of noise.

It was the battle between Yang Zaixuan and Ling Xue’er.

Ling Xue’er, ranked eighth on Earthly Dragon List, had once competed with Jian Wushuang for a short time.

While Yang Zaixuan, who was unknown before and was not even on Earthly Dragon List, made his name known to all after this battle.

During the battle, Ling Xue’er tried her best to keep the beast core. However, Yang Zaixuan directly killed her with a thunderbolt attack.

After the battle, the experts who were watching from the air thought Yang Zaixuan was qualified to rank in the top five.

...

On the sixth day.

The last day was almost here. All the Gold Core Realm warriors who did not have a core could not wait any longer, so they all acted.

So did Su Rou.

Su Rou had kept a low profile during the selection battle. It was not until the sixth day that she joined with some others and killed a warrior with a core. Then they fought for the core, which was taken by Su Rou.

Then she was besieged by several Gold Core Realm warriors. However, even after they used all their skills, they could do nothing to her.

She was like a ball of cotton which could not be crushed or smashed. In the end, she succeeded in getting a core.

On the same day, Qing Cang, the disciple of Dragon Palace who ranked sixth on the Earthly Dragon List, was sneakily attacked by several Gold Core Realm warriors and eventually killed.

Other disciples of Dragon Palace could only feel sorry for him.

Finally, it was the last day of the selection battle.

After sitting at the top of the mountain for six days, Jian Wushuang opened his eyes, with a sharp light shining in them.

“It’s the last day.”

“Come on! ”

After saying that, a sharp sword essence radiated from his body, soaring into the sky.