Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

1651 Inner Layer

The wasteland was covered in darkness and no light could be seen.

Jian Wushuang had been travelling forward. At that moment, he was in the outer layer of the Eighth Lair. The outer layer contained very few Star Demons and their levels were not very high. Hence, it was suitable for Eternal Real Gods to travel through. As for Chaotic Real Gods, they would normally go straight to the inner layer of the Eighth Lair to travel.

As for the top Chaotic Real Gods, most of them would travel to the core area of the Eighth Lair.

“I have just come to the Eighth Lair and I have also just come into contact with a Star Demon. It is still a bit difficult for me to travel in the core. However, it is alright for me to travel in the inner layer.” Jian Wushuang had already made up his mind. Comparing fighting capabilities, he was stronger than a normal Chaotic Real God.

Jian Wushuang travelled at a fast speed. Along the way, he came across some Star Demons. However, most of the Star Demons were the kind which had not grown up yet and Jian Wushuang was not interested in them. As such, he did not attack them. Instead, he made the best use of his time to continue travelling.

Half a month later, he arrived at the inner layer of the Eighth Lair for real.

“In the inner layer, the Star Demons are probably more powerful. Moreover, they are also slightly more concentrated in number compared to the outer layer where there are only one or two Star Demons together,” Jian Wushuang murmured.

All of a sudden… Boom!

Intense booming sounds could be heard from a distant black void.

The booming sounds went on continuously and it was obvious that they were being generated from an intense battle.

“In the Eighth Lair, apart from the Star Demons, there can only be human cultivators. Hence, this intense battle should be between human cultivators and Star Demons.” Jian Wushuang was interested, “Let me go and take a look,”

Jian Wushuang headed toward the source of the sound at once.

In no time, he appeared in a void that was near the battlefield.

While standing on top of the void, Jian Wushuang looked at the black open space in front of him. Even though the void was in total darkness, Jian Wushuang could still see everything that was happening on the open space clearly.

“Eat! Eat!”

“Cultivator, food…”

There were close to a hundred Star Demons gathered together.

Most of the Star Demons had not grown up yet. However, there were horns on the heads of some of them. Although their level of intelligence was lower, their abilities were extremely shocking. In particular, those Star Demons with horns had frightening speed which could be compared to a normal Eternal Real God’s. Moreover, in terms of fighting capabilities, they could compete with top Void Real Gods.

As for the person fighting against the Star Demons, he was a middle-aged man who wore black armor and a helmet and was holding a black giant axe on his hands.

The middle-aged man had an imposing aura and a huge amount of Divine Power. While besieged by close to a hundred Star Demons, he was still able to deal with them skillfully. When his body did a simple movement, it was as if he had swept past many black rays of light and the Star Demons with horns could only follow behind him. He then swung his giant axe randomly.

Every stroke could kill tens of immature Star Demons easily.

A massacre!

It was a one-sided massacre.

Although there were many Star Demons, their abilities were not strong. Hence, when they faced off against a Chaotic Real God, there was indeed only room for them to be massacred.

Jian Wushuang could also tell with a glance that the black-armored middle-aged man planned to kill off all those immature Star Demons first before dealing with Star Demons that had horns.

“Those immature Star Demons only possess fighting capabilities of a top Universe God. Thus, it would be easy for a Real God to kill them. After a short while, those Star Demons would all be killed by him,” Jian Wushuang murmured. However, his eyes did not contain any sympathy at all.

The Star Demons were a special clan which existed for the purpose of massacre and destruction.

Their existence had always been a disaster.

Everyone could remember the time where the Eternal Chaotic World was plunged into a disaster due to the Star Demon Clan.

That was a long time ago. The Star Demons in the Eight Lairs had been multiplying in number and growing continuously. When their numbers reached a certain level, the space of the Eight Stars became too small for them. As such, many Star Demons came out of the Eight Lairs and started to eat continuously, destroying many territories and cultivators in the process. After that, they continued to multiply and their numbers became even more shocking.

At that point in time, countless experts in the Eternal Chaotic World became afraid of them.

In order to stop the Star Demons, the Almighties of the Ten Sanctuaries formed the Sanctuary Alliance!

In other words, the Sanctuary Alliance was born due to the threat of the Star Demon Clan.

After that, there was an unprecedentedly great battle between the Sanctuary Alliance and the Star Demon Clan. Although many experts fell, the Sanctuary Alliance still won in the end with a decisive victory. With that, the Star Demon Clan was chased back into the Eight Lairs.

However, since the Star Demon Clan was born inside the Eight Lairs, as long as the Eight Lairs continued to exist, the Star Demon Clan would continue to multiply. However, every lair of the Eight Lairs was of Leviathan-level. Thus, even if Emperor-level experts of the Sanctuary Alliance were to attack personally, they would be unable to destroy the lairs. With that, they would naturally be unable to destroy the Star Demon Clan completely. At most, they could only use some powerful spells and seals to seal up the Eight Lairs completely.

Moreover, the Sanctuary Alliance also highly encouraged many experts to travel within the Eight Lairs to massacre the Star Demons.

After all, they could only kill the newly born Star Demons, as well as immature Star Demons, to prevent the Star Demon Clan from ever posing a threat to the human beings’ Sanctuary again.

Jian Wushuang already knew about it. As such, when he saw the black-armored middle-aged man in front of him going on a killing spree, he did not feel disgusted about his actions in the slightest.

Therefore, the Star Demons which were born for the sake of destruction were killed before they were able to grow up.

A massacre by a Chaotic Real God expert was done with shocking speed. Within a short while, all the Star Demons, including those matured Star Demons with horns, were killed by the black-armored middle-aged man.

At the same time, the black-armored middle-aged man also obtained many Demon Spirits as well as a few Demon Cores from the Star Demons.

After keeping the Demon Spirits and Demon Cores, the black-armored middle-aged man looked toward Jian Wushuang.

“After observing for so long, isn’t it about time for you to show yourself?” the black-armored middle-aged man spoke and his voice could be heard.

Jian Wushuang could not help laughing and he walked over without hesitation.

“Real God Can Yang,” Jian Wushuang shouted and his face was filled with kindness. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Jian Wushuang had stayed in the Thunderbolt Island for many years. Therefore, he had also searched for some information intentionally. With that, he possessed definite information regarding the Sanctuary Alliance, as well as definite information of many Real Gods in the Eternal Chaotic World.

For example, he could recognize the black-armored middle-aged man in front of him with a glance. He was Real God Can Yang, a Chaotic Real God within the Sanctuary Alliance who travelled by himself.

“A Void Real God?” Real God Can Yang squinted his eyes slightly, “You are Jian Wushuang?”