Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1653 Jian Wushuang“s Frenzy Of Deligh

Jian Wushuang’s eyes glowed brilliantly like never before and he was also extremely delighted.

After that, Jian Wushuang looked at the Demon Core.

The Demon Core contained extremely pure power which was similar to the Demon Spirit. However, the Demon Core contained more power compared to the Demon Spirit.

“I really wish that was the case!”

Jian Wushuang suppressed his excitement forcefully and started to absorb the power within the Demon Core.

His speed of absorption was very fast, like before. After a short while, the Demon Core, which was originally like a gem, had already been reduced to a normal black stone.

As for the pure power within the Demon Core, all of it had been absorbed by Jian Wushuang and changed into Divine Power.

Jian Wushuang could feel very clearly that the Ultimate Divine Power within his body had increased greatly compared to before.

Although he still lacked the power to form the second Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplet, he was already very close to forming it.

“As expected!”

“Haha~~~”

With that, Jian Wushuang could no longer suppress the happiness within his heart and he laughed loudly without any restraint.

Delightfulness! 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

This was definitely delight as it was something that Jian Wushuang had never expected. As such, it could be said to be a delight that he never had before.

It should be known that Jian Wushuang was an Inverse Cultivator.

After making a breakthrough to Real God, he became an Ultimate Real God who possessed an Ultimate Body and Ultimate Divine Power.

At the start, there was only one droplet of Ultimate Divine Power which was considered very little. As such, Jian Wushuang had to restrict himself when he fought. With that, he had to rely on his own training to accumulate power so that his Divine Power would increase. From there, he would be able to form the second and third Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplet.

When the tenth Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplet was formed, he would be able to make a breakthrough to become a Stage Two Ultimate Real God!

That was the condition for an Inverse Cultivator to make a breakthrough.

He only required sufficient Divine Power and there were no other conditions.

In other words, if Jian Wushuang wished to make a breakthrough, he would only need to continue raising his own Divine Power to form more Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplets.

He was unlike a normal cultivator. For normal cultivators, their Divine Power had to achieve its limit and they must also have a certain level of comprehension of the Power of Heaven Way. In addition, there were also requirements in many other areas, such as Unique Skills. It was only by fulfilling all these conditions that they could make a breakthrough.

However, it was not very easy for one to raise his Ultimate Divine Power as he would need to accumulate power continuously for many years. Of course, he could also do so with the help of some resources or treasures that helped to raise one’s Divine Power. Discounting the prices of those resources and treasures, the main thing was that they were of little help to Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang had tried taking some elixirs which raised one’s Divine Power in the Thunderbolt Island. However, after taking tens of them, which were worth five Doctrine Gems, his Divine Power had barely increased.

“A normal treasure is not of much use in helping me raise my Ultimate Divine Power. Previously, I thought that I could only train for many years to accumulate power in order to make a breakthrough. However, now…” Jian Wushuang was so excited that his body trembled.

He had never expected the Demon Spirits and Demon Cores within the Star Demon Clan’s bodies to actually have the ability to raise his Ultimate Divine Power greatly.

After absorbing only one Demon Core and nine Demon Spirits, the Ultimate Divine Power in his body skyrocketed.

If he were to obtain a sufficient number of Demon Cores, his Ultimate Divine Power would definitely increase at an unbelievable speed.

“Demon Cores!”

“I need a large number of Demon Cores and Demon Spirits!”

Jian Wushuang was clenching both his fists tightly.

At the next moment, he started to search the area unreservedly.

Just like before, he searched for traces of the Star Demons. Previously, Jian Wushuang did not have strong urges to kill Star Demons. However, at that very moment, it was completely different.

He yearned to find Star Demons and kill them so that he would be able to obtain the Demon Spirits and Demon Cores within their bodies.

“There’s twenty-eight Star Demons over there. In particular, there are two mature One-Horned Star Demons but the remaining ones are still immature. I will kill all of them…”

“There’s… only thirteen Star Demons here. However, they are all immature. Hmph, I do not need to care so much as I will still kill all of them!”

“Haha, great. There’s actually more than eighty Star Demons here. Among them, there are four mature One-Horned Star Demons. In addition, there’s actually one Two-Horned Star Demon? Haha, this is excellent. Die!”

Jian Wushuang was massacring the Star Demons in the inner layer of the Eighth Lair crazily.

His Divine Power and body were at the level of a Chaotic Real God. Moreover, his comprehension of the Power of Heaven Way had already reached the level where it could clear the fifth level of the Doctrine Palace. By factoring in his numerous techniques as well, his fighting capabilities could rival a top Chaotic Real God and he was also stronger than Real God Long Qing who was hired to help him in the Blood Demon Church.

With such fighting capabilities, he could travel around the core area of the Eighth Lair. As for the inner layer, he could go anywhere he wanted.

Naturally, it was also easy for him to massacre the Star Demons in the inner layer.

Time passed by and in a flash, Jian Wushuang had already travelled for a total of three years in the inner layer.

During the three years, although he had covered an enormous distance, it was still considered nothing when it was compared to how big the whole inner layer was.

Atop the void, which was in complete darkness, Jian Wushuang, who was clothed in a crimson long robe and carrying a long sword, was flying forward slowly.

Occasionally, blasts of cold wind would blow toward him and blow up his robe. However, it was unable to cause his body and mind to be shaken.

At the very moment, Jian Wushuang was playing with his Qian Kun Ring and muttering to himself, “Although there are more Star Demons in the inner layer than the outer layer, they are not everywhere in the inner layer. For the past three years, I have been searching extremely hard for the traces of the Star Demons so that I can massacre them. However, even with this, I only obtained a few Demon Cores and Demon Spirits.”

Although he had massacred a huge number of Star Demons over the past three days, most of them were immature Star Demons. Hence, not many of them possessed Demon Spirits and there were even fewer Demon Cores.

He was not in a rush to absorb the Demon Spirits and Demon Cores. As such, he put them within his Qian Kun Ring.

Jian Wushuang had just done a thorough check of his inventory. At that very moment, his Qian Kun Ring contained three hundred and sixty-one Demon Spirits, as well as nineteen Demon Cores. Among the Demon Cores, there were two Grade Two Demon Cores of Two-Horned Star Demons.

“The pure power that the Demon Spirits contained is totally incomparable to the Demon Cores. Although I have three hundred and sixty-one Demon Spirits, they are merely equivalent to three or four Grade One Demon Cores. By counting it this way, I currently have twenty-two Grade One Demon Cores and two Grade Two Demon Cores,” Jian Wushuang murmured.

In the Eternal Chaotic World, a Demon Core from a One-Horned Star Demon was worth two Doctrine Gems.

A Grade Two Demon Core was worth about ten Doctrine Gems.

By counting it this way, Jian Wushuang had profited greatly from the past three years.

However, Jian Wushuang was not satisfied.

After all, his Ultimate Divine Power was a lot more powerful than the normal Divine Power. Thus, he naturally required a more shocking number of Demon Cores.