Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1655 Extermination

Whoosh!

Jian Wushuang’s body turned vague and thousands upon thousands of shadows appeared at the same time.

When the Three-Horned Star Demon’s large and fiercely-looking mouth attacked, it swallowed ten shadows straight away.

After the Three-Horned Star Demon chewed a few times, it realized that no physical substance existed. It then became infuriated at once and from its scarlet eyes, buzz!, a giant scarlet light burst forth, just like a scarlet sun, and the universe, which was in complete darkness, was illuminated with a crimson color.

After that, the Three-Horned Star Demon turned its body and the scarlet light from its eyes shone on Jian Wushuang’s shadows, causing them to dissipate.

“What’s that?”

Jian Wushuang frowned and his real body was illuminated by the crimson light as well.

In no time, an unreasonable power entered his brain and clashed with the Soul Power inside his sea of consciousness fiercely.

At that moment, Jian Wushuang felt some pain from his brain. However, he recovered quickly.

“Damn it. This Star Demon actually knows consciousness attacks. Moreover, its consciousness attacks are very powerful!” Jian Wushuang was shocked.

When the crimson light shone on him, he indeed experienced a powerful consciousness attack which was at the level of a Chaotic Real God. Although his soul was at the level of an Eternal Real God, it was fortunate that his Soul Power was extremely tough and he was able to withstand the consciousness attack.

All of a sudden… the Three-Horned Star Demon opened its large, fierce-looking mouth again. This time around, its mouth did not head toward Jian Wushuang. Instead, its mouth continued to open up with a shocking speed. In the end, its mouth covered half a void and it looked just like a giant black hole.

Straight away after that, a frightening swallowing force burst forth from its mouth abruptly and it looked as if the universe had been swallowed.

A great amount of dust and broken stones rose from the dark land at once and they were sucked into the Three-Horned Star Demon’s mouth.

Jian Wushuang stood in the void like before and he was affected by the frightening swallowing force as well. Even if it were him, he could not withstand the force and he was about to be sucked into the mouth.

“What a strong swallowing force. Seems like this Three-Horned Star Demon is extremely determined to swallow me.” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were icy-cold, “Hmph. By swallowing me, you might be so full that your stomach explodes.”

Jian Wushuang gave a cold hum. However, a vast amount of Divine Power was gathering on the index finger of his right hand crazily.

“Ancient God’s Fifth Finger, Get Through Difficulty!”

With a cry from Jian Wushuang, his right index finger, which had gathered its maximum amount of power, pointed abruptly.

Rumble~~~ A great amount of Ancient God Power which was mixed with Jian Wushuang’s Ultimate Divine Power that could rival that of a Chaotic Real God gathered on the void madly. In no time, it was changed into a giant hand.

The whole giant hand was pitch black in color and it was emitting a dim light.

The giant hand then stretched outward and its index finger contained a huge amount of power.

This power was extremely special and it was just like a complete reincarnation.

When the index finger of the giant hand was pointed, it headed toward the Three-Horned Star Demon’s large, fierce-looking mouth.

Ever since Jian Wushuang had made a breakthrough to become a Six-star Ancient God, he could use the Get Through Difficulty Finger easily.

Moreover, the power that he had unleashed was at its strongest.

Boom!

Fierce booming sounds, which were accompanied by a shrill and miserable scream, could be heard. At the same time, the huge amount of Divine Power dissipated quickly as well.

The Three-Horned Star Demon’s body had returned to normal. At that very moment, its hands were covering its enormous mouth and it looked like it was in extreme pain.

“Time for me to stop playing with you.”

While staring at the Three-Horned Star Demon in front of him, Jian Wushuang raised his Blood Mountain Sword high up in the air.

At the moment when he raised his sword, an overbearing sword essence burst forth as well.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

Crimson shadows gathered on the dark void hastily and there was a total of thirty-eight sword shadows.

That’s right. There were thirty-eight shadows.

Before Jian Wushuang made a breakthrough, he could only create sixteen sword shadows when he used his full power. However, after he made a breakthrough, his level of comprehension of the Power of Heaven Way increased greatly. As such, the number of sword shadows that he could create increased to thirty-eight.

For the thirty-eight crimson sword shadows, every one of them was so powerful that it was suffocating and terrifying.

However, at that very moment, the thirty-eight crimson sword shadows were superimposed onto one another perfectly.

Rumble~~~

After the thirty-eight crimson sword shadows fused, a huge sword shadow was formed. This huge sword shadow contained an earth-shaking amount of power and it was extremely close to a Stage Three Peak Real God Unique Skill.

“Myriad Waves, kill!”

With a shrill cry from Jian Wushuang, he swung the long sword on his hands down straight away. At the same time, the new sword shadow which was formed from the thirty-eight crimson sword shadows also attacked fiercely.

At once, the universe shook and all living beings trembled in fear.

The Three-Horned Star Demon was still in pain and it had not regained its composure. However, at that very moment, it still managed to sense danger coming its way and it raised its head. The moment it raised its head, the crimson blood shadow which could cover the whole sky enveloped him completely.

Rumble~~~ Frightening power burst forth.

It was as if the whole universe was welcoming the end of the world. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The impact from the attack continued for two breaths of time before dissipating completely.

Jian Wushuang’s body turned vague and he appeared at the center of the source of the power. There was a badly injured body over there and it belonged to the Three-Horned Star Demon.

However, no matter how badly injured the Three-Horned Star Demon’s body was, the Demon Core in its body would still be undamaged.

The Demon Core was extremely hard. As it was filled with a large amount of pure power, even an Almighty’s attack would not be able to destroy it.

With a wave of Jian Wushuang’s hand, a Demon Core, which was bigger in size than any other Demon Core, appeared in Jian Wushuang’s hands. Moreover, the Demon Core was not only black in color; it was also mixed with green color.

When Jian Wushuang swept his Soul Power past the Demon Core, he could sense a great amount of pure power from it.

“As expected. The pure power that a Grade Three Demon Core contains is incomparable to even tens of Grade One Demon Cores,” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were filled with delight. However, at that moment…

“Eh?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed and he saw the two shadows which were approaching him from afar.

Jian Wushuang frowned and he put the Grade Three Demon Core into his Qian Kun Ring immediately.

Although Jian Wushuang’s reaction was fast, the scene of him holding a Grade Three Demon Core was still seen by the two people who were rushing over.

“That’s… a Grade Three Demon Core?” the black-robed, arrogant old man opened his eyes wide.

“Yes, it’s indeed a Grade Three Demon Core!” the plump, bald-headed young man was shocked.

Grade Three Demon Cores were rarely seen.

At the very least, it was difficult to get them in the inner layer of the Eighth Lair. After all, there were so few Three-Horned Star Demons in the inner layer to the point that it was pathetic. Not mentioning the luck needed to come across a Three-Horned Star Demon, even if one were to come across a Three-Horned Star, a normal Chaotic Real God would be unable to kill it.