Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1675: Stage Two Ultimate Real God!

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

As he was trapped within the standalone space due to the Star Demons, he naturally needed to find a way to leave.

However, Jian Wushuang was dissatisfied with relying on himself to accumulate Divine Power by training for many years. Hence, he had to hunt down the Star Demons and get their Demon Cores.

However, there were too many Star Demons and they were extremely powerful. Thus, it would not work if he were to use normal hunting techniques.

Therefore, Jian Wushuang drafted a plan to hunt them.

Frankly speaking, the plan was very simple.

He would use the First Move, Split the Heavens Seal, of the Mountain River Map’s Nine-province Seal and do his best to kill the Star Demons.

As he currently had a great amount of Divine Power, when he unleashed the Split the Heavens Seal with his full power, the power that it brought forth would be so powerful that it would make him rank at the front of the Real God ranking list. When such an attack was used as a large-range attack, it would be able to kill a great number of Star Demons.

Moreover, this had been proven to be true.

Within a range of tens of thousands of miles, among the thousands of Star Demons with unequal abilities, apart from the three Crimson Star Demons which were the strongest, all the other Star Demons were exterminated by the Split the Heavens Seal.

After killing them, Jian Wushuang made his move with lightning speed and in a short amount of time, he would do his best to collect as many Demon Cores as possible. When the other Star Demons finally reacted and headed toward him, he would run back to the standalone space immediately. As long as he escaped into the standalone space, the Star Demons would not be able to do anything against him.

Everything happened as Jian Wushuang had expected.

If there were something that he felt was a pity, it would be that he only had two breaths’ time and it was too short. Hence, he did not manage to collect a lot of Demon Cores. The number of Demon Cores he collected was probably less than one-fourth of what was available.

It should be known that when Jian Wushuang had used the Split the Heavens Seal moments ago, he had killed thousands of Star Demons in one go. Even though he did not manage to collect one-fourth of what was available, he had still managed to collect more than three hundred Demon Cores.

After returning to the Crystal Palace, Jian Wushuang sat down with his legs crossed in a big palace immediately. With that, he started to do an inventory check on the number of Demon Cores that he had collected within the two breaths’ time.

“Eight Grade Three Green Demon Cores.”

“Twenty-one normal Grade Three Demon Cores.”

“Fifty-two Grade Two Demon Cores.”

“The type of Demon Core that I have the most is the Grade One Demon Core with a total of two hundred and thirty-four of them.”

“By adding all the Demon Cores together, I will have a total of three hundred and twenty-two Demon Cores. Haha~~~”

After checking his inventory, Jian Wushuang was pleasantly surprised at the results.

It should be known that the number of Demon Cores that Real God Zi Ye had obtained after travelling in the core region of the Eighth Lair for thousands of years was comparable to what he had at that moment. Moreover, in terms of quality, Real God Zi Ye’s Demon Cores were inferior to his. With only one extermination, his gains were greater than Real God Zi Ye’s, who had travelled in the core region of the Eighth Lair for thousands of years.

“Previously, after absorbing Real God Zi Ye’s Demon Cores, I was about to form the seventh Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplet. And now, if I absorb all these Demon Cores, I will definitely be able to form the seventh Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplet, and even the eighth droplet as well,” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were glowing brilliantly.

“Let’s begin!”

Without much delay, Jian Wushuang started to absorb the pure power within the Demon Cores with great concentration.

At the same time as Jian Wushuang was absorbing the power of the Demon Cores, Lord Long Qi’s eyes, which were glowing with a special light. were looking at Jian Wushuang from somewhere within the Crystal Palace. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Although he had been staying within the standalone space, he still paid attention to everything that had happened in the outside world moments ago.

“This little kid… Previously, I could tell that he possessed a special treasure that even I was able to detect, and it was as I had expected. However, I did not expect the treasure that he possessed to actually be the Mountain River Map!”

“During the battle back then, the Mountain River Map should have been torn into pieces and it was seriously damaged. However, when the little kid took it out, the Mountain River Map has been patched up completely. Who is the person who patched it up?”

Long Qi was filled with doubts.

He was certain how badly damaged the Mountain River Map had been after the battle back then. Thus, he also knew how difficult it was to patch it up.

However, at that moment, Jian Wushuang took out a Mountain River Map, which was completely intact.

“No matter who is the person who patched it up, since this little kid has the Mountain River Map, this means that… he is indeed very closely related to the Seven Star Black Sect that Master is in! Hence, I absolutely cannot let such a little kid die here.”

As Long Qi murmured to himself, his voice could be heard for a long time in the palace.

…

In a flash, another ten years passed.

Once again, Jian Wushuang had finished absorbing the pure power from the Demon Cores that he had obtained.

As for the Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplet in his body, the seventh droplet had formed as he wished and he was also very close to forming the eighth droplet.

“This is exactly as I thought. I am already very close to forming the eighth Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplet. Next… time to continue.”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes glowed brilliantly. After that, he began his second hunt.

In a split second, Jian Wushuang returned to the Crystal Palace again.

It was the same hunting technique as before. Although Jian Wushuang did not obtain as many Demon Cores as before, he still obtained more than two hundred and eighty of them.

Once again, Jian Wushuang started to absorb the pure power within the Demon Cores.

Just like that, Jian Wushuang repeated the cycle of hunting and absorbing. Although every hunt was extremely risky, Jian Wushuang’s luck was considered not too bad.

After many rounds of hunting, he obtained an innumerable number of Demon Cores. By absorbing these Demon Cores, they became the Ultimate Divine Power in his body.

Time passed by and in the blink of an eye, sixty years had passed.

During the sixty years, Jian Wushuang went on a hunt five times. Although he got his way all five times, the number of Demon Cores that he obtained decreased with every hunt.

After all, although there were many Star Demons near the river, they were unable to withstand his repeated massacre. Thus, their numbers naturally decreased.

At that moment, when Jian Wushuang went out for a hunt, he could at most obtain over hundred Demon Cores on each hunt.

Although there were fewer Demon Cores, it was still enough for Jian Wushuang.

Within the Crystal Palace, Jian Wushuang was sitting down alone with his legs crossed and he was slowly absorbing the pure power from a Grade Three Green Demon Core in his hands.

As he absorbed the pure power, the Ultimate Divine Power in his body continued to rise. Moreover, at the start, his Ultimate Divine Power was gathering madly. However, in the end, it formed a new Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplet.

At the moment that the Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplet was formed, Jian Wushuang opened his eyes fiercely and stopped absorbing the Demon Core immediately.

“The tenth Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplet has been formed!”

Jian Wushuang was over the moon.

At that moment, there was a total of ten Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplets floating in his body quietly. When they were linked together, they formed a complete circle.

Straight away after that, buzz~~~ Jian Wushuang’s body shook violently. At that moment, his body and his Ultimate Divine Power started to undergo a transformation.

Such a transformation was purely a transformation in terms of quality where the Divine Power and body would rise to a new level.

The transformation process was not complicated, and the time that it took was not very long either.

After just a short while, the transformation was complete.

As for Jian Wushuang, by just clenching both his fists tightly, frightening power burst forth abruptly and crushed the void easily.

“I have achieved Stage Two Ultimate Real God!!!”

…