Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1677: Familiarization Training

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“This is…?” Jian Wushuang looked at the palm-sized golden Dragon Turtle with surprise.

“This is a gadget that I made.”

After explaining, Long Qi pointed in four different directions. With that, light beams rose from the four corners and became a seal instantly. The range that such a seal covered was not big and it could only cover less than one third of the big palace that Jian Wushuang was in.

At the same time, another circular seal appeared around Jian Wushuang and covered him.

“From today, you will stay inside this circular seal and practice manipulation of the Hong Jun Divine Rod. You can only leave this seal when you are able to destroy the little gadget that I have made,” Long Qi said.

“You want me to manipulate the Hong Jun Divine Rod to destroy this small Dragon Turtle?” Jian Wushuang was stunned. However, he understood in the next moment that Long Qi wanted him to practice the control of the Long Jun Divine Rod so that he would become more proficient in it.

With a wave of Long Qi’s hands, the Hong Jun Divine Rod flew in front of Jian Wushuang.

“You may begin.” After speaking, Long Qi disappeared.

In the whole palace, only Jian Wushuang and the palm-sized golden Dragon Turtle remained. However, they were within two different seals.

“Let me have a try.”

Although Jian Wushuang did not understand Long Qi’s intentions, he still followed Long Qi’s instructions and started to practice using the Hong Jun Divine Rod.

Buzz~~~ Under the control of Jian Wushuang’s Soul Power, the tottering Hong Jun Divine Rod started to move. However, it’s speed of movement was so slow that it was pathetic.

When Jian Wushuang finally managed to control the Hong Jun Divine Rod to move behind the golden Dragon Turtle, the golden Dragon Turtle realized its presence. Upon realizing the Hong Jun Divine Rod’s presence, its four legs moved at the same time and it moved more than two hundred meters away instantly.

“This speed…” Jian Wushuang opened his eyes wide.

The speed of the golden Dragon Turtle was not very fast. At the very least, it was considered very slow in Jian Wushuang’s eyes. If not for Jian Wushuang being unable to leave the circular seal around him, he would be able to catch the golden Dragon Turtle easily by taking one step.

However, no matter how slow the golden Dragon Turtle’s speed was, it was still a lot faster than the Hong Jun Divine Rod’s movement, which was controlled by Jian Wushuang’s Soul Power.

It was at least ten times faster.

“I should take it slow. I have only just begun to control the Hong Jun Divine Rod and I am not proficient in it. As such, its speed is slow. After I have become proficient in controlling it, its speed will definitely rise. In addition, the heavy weight of the Hong Jun Divine Rod will serve as training for my Soul Power. As long as my Soul Power becomes more powerful, it will naturally become easier for me to control the Hong Jun Divine Rod.”

Jian Wushuang was not discouraged. Instead, he continued to familiarize himself with controlling the Hong Jun Divine Rod.

The fact was indeed as Jian Wushuang had expected. At the start, it was indeed very difficult for him to control the Hong Jun Divine Rod. The speed of movement of the Hong Jun Divine Rod was extremely slow and the Hong Jun Divine Rod also shook while moving. However, as Jian Wushuang continued to practice controlling the Hong Jun Divine Rod, he became more proficient in it. At the very least, the Hong Jun Divine Rod was stable when it was moving.

Next, Jian Wushuang needed to think of a way to increase the speed of movement of the Hong Jun Divine Rod.

Time passed.

Jian Wushuang stayed within the big palace and practiced controlling the Hong Jun Divine Rod repeatedly.

As he practiced controlling, he gradually got used to the weight of the Hong Jun Divine Rod. Putting it another way, it could also be said that his Soul Power had increased under the heavy pressure of the Hong Jun Divine Rod.

In just a short three years’ time, Jian Wushuang could control the Hong Jun Divine Rod stably.

After that, another eleven years passed.

In addition to the three years that he had used back then, he had used a total of fourteen years.

Within the big palace, swoosh! The golden Dragon Turtle’s four legs were crawling madly and it was moving around the one thousand meter range that the seal covered. Moreover, a long, dark golden tail was following behind the golden Dragon Turtle and it was moving at a slightly faster speed.

Although the speed was only a slight bit faster that was not even worth mentioning, it still closed the distance between the two of them.

Finally…

“Be destroyed!”

After a cry from Jian Wushuang, the dark golden Hong Jun Divine Rod finally caught up with the golden Dragon Turtle and it smashed the golden Dragon Turtle into pieces straight away.

“I have succeeded!”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes brightened up and his face was filled with happiness.

Buzz~~~ Long Qi’s body appeared beside him quickly. After taking a glance at the golden Dragon Turtle which had been destroyed, he nodded his head, “You have only used fourteen years to achieve this stage. You are not too bad.”

After hearing what was said, Jian Wushuang gasped.

Although it was only fourteen years, he was certain how difficult the process had been during the fourteen years. As the Hong Jun Divine Rod was too heavy, it gave him a lot of pain when it exerted its pressure on his Soul Power. At present, Jian Wushuang still felt that it was a bit taxing on him to control the Hong Jun Divine Rod.

“Lord Long Qi, why did you make me familiarize myself with controlling the Hong Jun Divine Rod for the past fourteen years? Could it be that you wish for me to control the Hong Jun Divine Rod to kill my foes in the future? Wouldn’t that be too difficult for me?” Jian Wushuang questioned with a frown.

The Hong Jun Divine Rod was special. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Jian Wushuang could also feel that the power of the Hong Jun Divine Rod was frightening.

However, it was really too heavy. Although Jian Wushuang had familiarized himself with controlling the Hong Jun Divine Rod for fourteen years with great concentration, he could only barely control the Hong Jun Divine Rod to catch up with the golden Dragon Turtle. However, the speed of movement of the Hong Jun Divine Rod was still extremely slow to the point that it was equivalent to a snail in the eyes of Universe Gods. Even though such an attack technique had shocking power, it would still be useless as its speed was too slow and it would be impossible to even touch the enemies.

“Even if my Soul Power were to make a huge breakthrough in the future to achieve the level of an Almighty, I would probably still be unable to control the Hong Jun Divine Rod to fight,” Jian Wushuang said.

Long Qi naturally understood Jian Wushuang. With a wave of his hands, he kept the Hong Jun Divine Rod and his eyes looked down at Jian Wushuang, “I merely lent you the Hong Jun Divine Rod for you to familiarize yourself with controlling it. As for what I really want to give you, it’s this.”

With a flip of his hands, a sword-type weapon which had an extremely peculiar shape appeared in front of Jian Wushuang at once.

“A sword?” Jian Wushuang’s eyes moved.

What Long Qi had taken out was indeed a sword. However, the sword was strange. The whole sword was completely gold in color and its length was four Chinese feet. However, the most important thing was that there was no handle.

That’s right. The sword only had a sword blade and no sword handle. Its two ends were extremely sharp and their edges were glowing with a cold light.

Similarly, the blade of the sword was very thin, just like the Hong Jun Divine Rod from before.

“This is the Hong Jun Golden Sword. Of course, it is only an imitation. As for its use, it is similar to the Hong Jun Divine Rod. Since you have already learnt how to control the Hong Jun Divine Rod, you can now try to control the Hong Jun Golden Sword,” Long Qi tossed the Hong Jun Golden Sword toward Jian Wushuang.

With the experience of catching the Hong Jun Divine Rod from before, Jian Wushuang had learnt to be smart and he caught the Hong Jun Golden Sword with both his hands at the same time.

However, when he caught the Hong Jun Golden Sword, his expression changed.