Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1679: Massacre!

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Atop the dark land, there were a few Star Demons scattered about. When Jian Wushuang spread his Soul Power out wantonly, he only saw the existence of hundreds of Star Demons and there were less than a thousand of them.

In actual fact, hundreds of Star Demons were already a lot. However, it was still considered very few compared to the thousands of Star Demons which were gathered there at the very start.

When Jian Wushuang appeared on the ground, the scattered Star Demons looked toward him immediately.

“Human cultivator!”

“Kill, kill!”

Without hesitation, the hundreds of Star Demons charged toward Jian Wushuang and their violent auras rose.

If it were back then when he had not made a breakthrough to Stage Two Ultimate Real God yet, Jian Wushuang would definitely choose to escape without hesitation if he were to see such a number of Star Demons charging toward him.

However, at present…

Jian Wushuang crossed his hands and stood at his position calmly. As he looked at the Star Demons which were storming toward him from all directions, he wore an indifferent smile.

Buzz!

A golden light floated beside Jian Wushuang. It was the Hong Jun Golden Sword.

At that moment, tens of Star Demons with unequal abilities appeared beside him.

“Let me see how strong the true power of the Hong Jun Golden Sword is,” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were filled with excitement. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Swish!

A golden ray of light moved fiercely. Although the golden ray of light had only just appeared, it had already pierced through the bodies of tens of Star Demons nearby.

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish!

Soft sounds could be heard. As for the tens of Star Demons which included a Three-Horned Green Star Demon, they were killed right away without even being able to give a horrible shriek.

There was no room for them to struggle.

After seeing that, Jian Wushuang’s eyes brightened up at once.

It should be known that a Three-Horned Green Star Demon could rival a top Chaotic Real God of the human cultivators. However, there was also no room for it to struggle.

Moreover, the most important thing was that Jian Wushuang had held back some of his Divine Power.

“I have merely used Divine Power that is comparable to that of a normal Chaotic Real God and it is similar to the time before I made a breakthrough. However, by relying on the Hong Jun Golden Sword, I can kill Green Star Demons instantly,” Jian Wushuang murmured and he was extremely excited.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

A great number of Star Demons besieged Jian Wushuang crazily.

However, Jian Wushuang stood still and did not move at all. Just like before, he was only controlling the Hong Jun Golden Sword.

The speed of the Hong Jun Golden Sword was exceptionally fast and it pierced through the bodies of the Star Demons easily. Moreover, the Star Demons could not even react to it.

Even after some time, not even one Star Demon was able to get near to Jian Wushuang. As for those that came close to him, there was always a small distance between them and Jian Wushuang. Hence, they were killed by the Hong Jun Golden Sword mercilessly. For this period of time, more than half of the hundreds of Star Demons had been killed by the Hong Jun Golden Sword that was controlled by Jian Wushuang!

“The speed of the massacre using the Hong Jun Golden Sword is too fast,” Jian Wushuang muttered.

He could only control one Hong Jun Golden Sword nimbly. If he were to achieve the peak of the first stage of the Hong Jun Golden Sword where he could control nine Hong Jun Golden Swords, he would become even more frightening during the massacre.

Just then, a crimson, glittering light appeared vigorously.

“A Crimson Star Demon?” Jian Wushuang’s eyes squinted. Under the control of his Soul Power, the Hong Jun Golden Sword turned around fiercely and headed toward the Crimson Star Demon ruthlessly like a shooting star.

A Crimson Star Demon could rival human experts who were in the Real God ranking list and its ability to react was also stronger than the other Star Demons.

When the Hong Jun Golden Sword transformed into a golden shooting star and headed over, the Crimson Star Demon swung its sharp claws with lightning speed.

When both of them clashed, the Crimson Star Demon was sent flying and it could be faintly seen that its palm was bleeding.

“Haha, even by using Chaotic Real God-level Divine Power to control the Hong Jun Golden Sword, I can still send the Crimson Star Demon flying.” Jian Wushuang’s laughter became louder, “Next, let me try unleashing all my Divine Power.”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes glowed with a shrill light and the Hong Jun Golden Sword-transformed golden shooting star was shot out again. This time round, the golden shooting star’s speed and power were obviously greater than before.

The Hong Jun Golden Sword clashed with the Crimson Star Demon head-on again.

Bam!

A loud sound could be heard and the whole arm of the Crimson Star Demon was blown into pieces by the impact. After that, the power of the Hong Jun Golden Sword remained unchanged and it continued to pierce the body of the Crimson Star Demon.

The Crimson Star Demon was killed straight away.

“By controlling it with all my Divine Power, the Crimson Star Demon cannot even take one blow,” Jian Wushuang’s eyes glowed brilliantly.

He could already tell back then that the Hong Jun Golden Sword was extremely powerful and it could raise his abilities greatly.

However, after mastering it for real, he knew that he was still underestimating the Hong Jun Golden Sword.

“Let’s continue the massacre.”

Jian Wushuang laughed. As the Hong Jun Golden Sword moved around, it pierced through the bodies of the Star Demons easily.

Even Crimson Star Demons were considered weak in front of the Hong Jun Golden Sword. Although there were many normal Three-Horned Star Demons as well as Two-Horned and One-Horned Star Demons, they were completely helpless in the face of the Hong Jun Golden Sword’s massacre.

In no time, the hundreds of Star Demons which were near the dark river were all massacred by Jian Wushuang and only one of them remained.

The last Star Demon was a Three-Horned Crimson Star Demon.

Jian Wushuang left this Three-Horned Crimson Star Demon to the end as he had felt something strong within its body.

Jian Wushuang knew that the Blood Mountain Sword that he had lost in this piece of land back then was with this Three-Horned Crimson Star Demon. Moreover, there was a high possibility of it being in its stomach.

Star Demons had always liked to eat.

Moreover, they liked to eat anything.

Be it human cultivators or their treasures, which included various kinds of weapons, they would be able to swallow them straight away. This was also the same for their fellow comrades.

For example, during the six massacres by Jian Wushuang back then where he had killed a huge number of Star Demons, he did not manage to get many of the Demon Cores. However, when he came for his next massacre, those Demon Cores had already disappeared and it was obvious that they had been eaten by the other Star Demons.

As for the Blood Mountain Sword that Jian Wushuang had lost in the Dark Region, it was naturally eaten by the Three-Horned Crimson Star Demon in front of him.

While standing in front of the Three-Horned Crimson Star Demon, Jian Wushuang could feel the shocking sword essence and anger from the body of the Three-Horned Crimson Star Demon.

“Die.”

Jian Wushuang did not hesitate and he activated the Hong Jun Golden Sword immediately. By controlling it with his full power, the Hong Jun Golden Sword stabbed the body of the Three-Horned Crimson Star Demon.

The Three-Horned Crimson Star Demon was killed on the spot. After its body was destroyed, what appeared at the same time as its Demon Core was a long sword which was shaking madly and releasing an infinite amount of sword essence.

The sword was Jian Wushuang’s Blood Mountain Sword.

“Little thing, please come over.”

With a wave of Jian Wushuang’s hands, the Blood Mountain Sword flew over immediately and it was caught by Jian Wushuang tightly.