Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1689: A Big Defeat!

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“Now, it’s my turn!”

Jian Wushuang’s indifferent laughter reverberated across the universe and it caused many of the experts around the battlefield to be shocked.

The expressions of Real God Jiu Gong and Real God Han Quan also became unusually grave.

Before fighting with Jian Wushuang, they had never expected Jian Wushuang to be so strong.

One of them was ranked eleventh while the other was ranked fifth in the Real God ranking list. Even with these two super experts teaming up and unleashing many moves, they were actually unable to do anything against him in the end?

Just then, under their attention, Jian Wushuang raised the Blood Mountain Sword in his hands high up in the air.

At the moment where the Blood Mountain Sword was raised, a shocking sword essence rose high up into the sky and an infinite amount of Divine Power burst forth as well.

In the void which was in complete darkness, additional crimson sword shadows appeared out of thin air.

Every sword crimson shadow was extremely big and the power they emitted was so strong that it was shocking and suffocating.

At the very least, all the experts around the area who were observing the battle felt extremely threatened by the crimson sword shadows.

Just then, tens of crimson sword shadows had already formed in this piece of universe!

One crimson sword shadow was already enough to make top Chaotic Real Gods feel extremely threatened. What about tens of them?

The experts observing the battle had finally finished counting. There was a total of forty-eight crimson sword shadows!

This was due to the Seven Star Picture which Jian Wushuang had comprehended back then. Not only did his comprehension of his Doctrine improve greatly, his understanding of Sword Principles had also achieved a whole new level. As such, when he had unleashed the Myriad Waves move, he was naturally able to create more crimson sword shadows.

After a total of forty-eight sword shadows had formed, they fused together at a speed that naked eyes could perceive.

In just a short period of time, a new crimson sword shadow appeared in the universe.

In the whole universe, only that one sword shadow remained.

However, after that sword shadow appeared, everyone present became terrified.

Even when Real God Jiu Gong and Real God Han Quan saw the sword shadow, they also became extremely shocked.

“Even I am slightly fearful of this stroke. Han Quan, both of us have to be careful,” Real God Jiu Gong said in a grave voice.

“I know.” Real God Han Quan nodded his head earnestly, “It is only possible to block this stroke if both of us team up. If it were one against one… you will be fine as you are strong. As for me, even if I were to not die, at the very least, I would be fatally wounded.”

“Let’s do it,” Real God Jiu Gong gave a shrill cry. After that, an unprecedented destructive aura appeared from his body instantly.

Similarly, Real God Han Quan looked ahead with wisdom. His body turned slightly scarlet in color and a great amount of Divine Power burst forth.

“Divine Light Great Destruction!”

Real God Jiu Gong’s body shook violently. By activating the destructive power, the thick and big saber on his hands expanded fiercely and it covered half the void instantly.

The big saber was covered in an infinite amount of destructive power and it contained the ability to destroy everything.

“Kill!” Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

With a loud cry, the destructive edge of his saber, which had covered half the void, was swung out abruptly.

As for Real God Han Quan, he roared continuously and the Divine Power in his body was inserted into the long spear in his hands endlessly. After that, shadows of ancient giant dragons appeared behind him out of thin air. By counting them, there were at least thousands of giant dragon shadows

“The Power of Thousand Dragons, Dragon Star Extermination!!!”

Real God Han Quan’s eyes were glowing brilliantly. At that moment, the thousands of giant dragon shadows which had appeared behind him roared loudly at the same time. After that, they moved fiercely and entered the long spear in Real God Han Quan’s hands instantly.

Filled with the Power of Thousand Dragons, the frightening spear was swung out ferociously.

All their powers were world-shaking!

As for many of the experts who witnessed such a scene, all of them understood that Real God Jiu Gong and Real God Han Quan had unleashed their strongest moves.

They had exerted all their strength!

The crimson sword shadow created by Jian Wushuang’s Myriad Waves.

The destructive edge unleashed by Real God Jiu Gong.

As well as the strongest spear stroke which contained the Power of Thousand Dragons of Real God Han Quan.

Three earth-shaking attacks clashed head-on with one another in a split second.

Boom!

The heavens fell and the earth cracked.

Frightening power burst forth as if it wanted to tear everything in the universe into pieces.

For example, even though the experts who were observing the battle were very far away, they could still feel the unbelievable power from the battlefield.

Those top Chaotic Real Gods were clear that if that power were to touch them slightly, they would be doomed.

For such an intense battle, only super experts who stood at the top of the pyramid had the right to participate in it. As for them, they could only observe such a soul-stirring battle from afar.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

All of a sudden, two rays of glittering lights were shot out from the universe-destroying storm. It was Real God Jiu Gong and Real God Han Quan.

At present, both of their bodies looked a bit miserable.

Real God Jiu Gong was in a mess and his face looked slightly pale. As for Real God Han Quan, his situation was even worse. His face was as pale as paper and there was blood at the corners of his mouth. Moreover, the aura on his body was at least thirty percent weaker than before. It was obvious that his injuries were not light.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Soft sounds of feet stepping on the air could be heard. Real God Jiu Gong and Real God Han Quan then raised their heads fiercely and looked forward.

All of a sudden, a passage was created from within the Divine Power storm which was still moving madly and a young figure walked out from it slowly.

He was still carrying his sword with one hand and his aura was exceptionally strong like before.

At the same time as he walked forward, a dull and slightly chilly voice could be heard in the piece of universe.

“Real God Jiu Gong, ranked fifth in the Real God ranking list!”

“Real God Han Quan, ranked eleventh in the Real God ranking list!”

“I originally thought that with the both of you teaming up, both of you would be able to give me some fun. However, looking at it now, both of you are nothing much more than this.”

It was only after his words came out of his mouth that Jian Wushuang’s face appeared in the line of vision of everyone again.

Upon witnessing that, apart from the Divine Power storm which was still wreaking havoc, everything in the universe became silent.

Complete silence.

The eyes of Real God Jiu Gong and Real God Han Quan were filled with anger. However, their eyes were filled with even more fear.

Even though they, two experts of the Real God ranking list, had teamed up, they were still defeated in the end?

They had lost to Jian Wushuang!!!

“With such abilities, both of you do not even have the right to get me to use my Hong Jun Golden Sword.” Jian Wushuang shook his head and his body was filled with a murderous aura, “I shall stop playing with the both of you. Accept your death!”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes shone with a harsh light. After that, he raised his right hand slowly. On his right hand, frightening Divine Power had gathered on his index finger a long time ago.

“Ancient God’s Sixth Finger, Sun Corrosion Finger!”

Rumble~~~ The universe collapsed and an ancient giant finger descended abruptly.

The instant they saw the ancient giant finger, Real God Jiu Gong’s eyes shrank and all the hair on his body stood up.

As for Real God Han Quan, he opened his eyes wide and hopelessness appeared deep inside his eyes!

…