Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1691: Almighty

Crack, crack!

Cracks appeared all around the yellowish-brown prison continuously and the yellowish-brown prison burst open completely in the end.

After bursting open, a giant body appeared in the universe.

He was more than a hundred feet tall. He also had a total of four heads and eight arms. Moreover, his body was covered with a dark golden light and there were six stars in the space between his eyebrows. His power was shocking.

It was Jian Wushuang who had revealed his Ancient God body which had four heads and eight arms.

“Eh?” Sir God Qian Lan looked at Jian Wushuang with surprise, “Ancient God Bloodline. Furthermore, it’s the noble Royal Ancient God Bloodline which is extremely rare. Looks like if I want to kill you, I will also need to use some other tricks.”

Sir God Qian Lan’s voice resounded across the universe and a crimson long rod appeared on his hands.

The long rod was emitting a scorching hot aura. The moment it appeared on Sir God Qian Lan’s hands, its heat melted the surrounding void straight away.

Upon seeing the long rod, many experts who were hiding secretly were shocked.

Although Sir God Qian Lan had taken action as well, he only created a giant yellowish-brown prison to crush Jian Wushuang into pieces. However, at that moment, he had taken out his own weapon.

It was obvious that he was about to get serious.

“You can unleash whatever moves you have,” Jian Wushuang squinted his eyes.

“Ten Heaven Incinerating Colors, Red Flame Stroke!”

Sir God Qian Lan swung the crimson long rod on his hands and countless crimson waves appeared on the void immediately. The crimson waves then swept through the area.

After that, the crimson waves gathered in front of Sir God Qian Lan.

Rumble~~~ A giant crimson red shadow, which was hundreds of feet wide, appeared out of thin air.

In no time, the universe changed color and all beings trembled in fear.

When the experts in the vicinity of the battlefield saw the giant crimson rod shadow, their hearts roared and their minds were about to be destroyed.

The void was prodded through by the giant crimson rod shadow like paper paste. The giant crimson rod shadow then headed toward Jian Wushuang slowly with shocking power.

Jian Wushuang’s body shook violently as he had felt an unprecedented pressure at that moment.

“These are the abilities of an Almighty? It’s really powerful,” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were glowing brilliantly.

To him, before he achieved Stage Two Ultimate Real God, Almighties were existences who stood at the very top.

He had also never seen Almighties fighting before.

At present, it was his first time seeing it. Moreover, the person who the Almighty wanted to take care of was him.

Although he was a bit surprised, Jian Wushuang was not afraid in the slightest bit.

At that moment where the giant crimson rod shadow charged toward him, imposing Divine Power rose from his body.

“Ancient God Secret Skill, Thunder Attracting Skill!”

His imposing Divine Power entered the void high up in the sky.

Boom!

All of a sudden, the surrounding black universe shook. After that, a giant crack appeared on the highest heavens.

The crack split the universe into two halves and crimson Life Destroying Sacred Thunders gathered in the crack. After that, the Life-destroying Sacred Thunder descended.

Rumble!

There was a total of nine Life-destroying Sacred Thunders. Every one of them was as wide as a mountain and all of them struck the top crimson rod shadow at the same time. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Clump! Rustle!!!

The heaven fell and the earth cracked.

The ground below Jian Wushuang and Sir God Qian Lan sunk down straight away by hundreds of meters and a giant hole was created.

At the void, the frightening power of the Divine Power was wreaking havoc and destroying everything. It was just like the end of the world.

Swoosh!

A figure was sent flying out of the Divine Power storm, which was wreaking havoc. It was Jian Wushuang.

The body of Jian Wushuang then was a bit miserable. However, the aura in his body was still thick and in a great amount.

As for Sir God Qian Lan, he still assumed an air of superiority. Although the nine Life-destroying Sacred Thunders that Jian Wushuang had attracted had shocking power such that they could tear the crimson rod shadow that he had unleashed into pieces, the Divine Power that was dispersed did not spread onto his body.

“Jian Wushuang, I did not expect your Divine Power to actually be so strong!”

Sir God Qian Lan’s eyes were filled with shrill light and he stared at Jian Wushuang, “Looking at your aura, you are merely an Eternal Real God. However, looking purely at your Divine Power, you are actually not a lot weaker than me. An Inverse Cultivator is indeed frightening.”

“Haha. As expected of an Almighty. Your moves are indeed impressive. It’s much more interesting to fight with you compared to Real God Jiu Gong and Real God Han Quan.” Jian Wushuang laughed, “Moreover, your abilities have the right to get me to use the Hong Jun Golden Sword.”

“Hong Jun Golden Sword?” Sir God Qian Lan was puzzled.

Jian Wushuang did not give any explanation. With a wave of his hands, a four foot long, extremely unusual sword-type weapon with blades on both ends appeared beside Jian Wushuang.

This sword-type weapon was gold in color and it was floating quietly in its position. It was the Hong Jun Golden Sword!

The Hong Jun Golden Sword was a valuable treasure that relied mainly on the Power of Spacetime and was controlled by Soul Power.

During the period of time where Jian Wushuang had stayed in the standalone space of Dark Region, he had been studying the Hong Jun Golden Sword intensively with great effort. Hence, he was certain about its power as well as how strong it was.

To date, during the clash with the Soaring Heaven King Palace, although he had already experienced many great battles, no one had managed to force him to use the Hong Jun Golden Sword.

For example, when Real God Jiu Gong and Real God Han Quan teamed up, they still did not have the right to get him to use this trump card.

It was only then that Jian Wushuang took out this trump card for real.

“Previously, although I used the Hong Jun Golden Sword to massacre quite a number of Star Demons for practice, this is the first time that I have used the Hong Jun Golden Sword to fight an intense battle with a human cultivator. Moreover, my opponent is an Almighty,” Jian Wushuang was licking his lips. His eyes were also glowing with a strange light and at the next moment, he activated his Power of Spacetime.

The Hong Jun Golden Sword which had been floating quietly on the void shook slightly. After that… Whoosh!

A ray of golden light was shot out abruptly. Although the golden light had only just lit up, it had already covered a great distance and appeared in front of Sir God Qian Lan.

Even if it were an Almighty like Sir God Qian Lan, when he saw the ray of golden light which had appeared abruptly, he was caught unprepared. However, he still swung the crimson long rod in his hands immediately.

Swish!

A crimson rod shadow attacked from the void.

When the two attacks clashed head-on, an unreasonable amount of power burst forth at the same time.

“Eh?”

Sir God Qian Lan’s expression changed slightly. He could sense a great amount of power in the attack. Even if it were him, with such a great amount of power, he also could not help but retreat two steps back.

The ray of golden light was also sent flying by him.

However, after the ray of golden light regained its posture, it swept past the void strangely and appeared beside Sir God Qian Lan immediately.

“This speed…” Sir God Qian Lan finally revealed a shocked expression.

The speed of the ray of golden light was too fast and strange.

Even though Sir God Qian Lan had only just regained his posture, the ray of golden light had already headed toward him.