Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1695: The Trade In The Thunderbolt Island

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“For the next hundred years, I will stay in the Thunderbolt Island. If your side were to agree to my conditions, we will do the trade in the Thunderbolt Island. If your side were to not give me an answer after a hundred years, then this genius of yours will be gone!”

“Sir God Qian Lan, go back and think carefully. I shall take my leave now.”

Jian Wushuang’s hearty voice resounded across the universe. After that, his body moved and he left in front of Sir God Qian Lan.

Sir God Qian Lan looked on as Jian Wushuang left and he had no intention of stopping him.

He had no choice. Even if he wanted to stop him, he could not do so.

In order to take care of Jian Wushuang this time around, the Soaring Heaven King Palace had sent out a powerful lineup. Even though an Almighty like him had shown up personally, they were still unable to do anything to Jian Wushuang. Hence, even if the Soaring Heaven King Palace wished to hire other Almighties with stronger abilities to kill Jian Wushuang, it would definitely be too late.

“This time around, the Soaring Heaven King Palace had suffered an unexpected failure.”

Sir God Qian Lan clenched both his fists tightly. However, he was filled with helplessness.

…

The Sanctuary Alliance, powerhouses from everywhere, as well as many experts who travelled alone were all waiting in anticipation for the Soaring Heaven King Palace and the Lineage of Star to clash head-on with one another.

In particular, when they knew that Jian Wushuang’s abilities had risen greatly and that he had killed nine top Chaotic Real Gods in one go, they had become even more interested.

All of them were waiting eagerly for the news.

In no time, news started to spread.

Firstly, it was Real God Han Quan and Real God Jiu Gong arriving at the same time and then teaming up to kill Jian Wushuang. In the end, they were defeated by Jian Wushuang.

After that, Sir God Qian Lan, one of the Almighties of the Soaring Heaven King Palace, appeared personally and fought an intense battle with Jian Wushuang head-on. In the end, he was fatally wounded by Jian Wushuang and Real God Han Quan was also suppressed by Jian Wushuang right away.

At the very end, Sir God Qian Lan discussed some terms with Jian Wushuang as he had no choice. Jian Wushuang had then made exorbitant demands by bringing up conditions that were completely unacceptable.

After that news was made public, the whole Sanctuary Alliance was in an uproar. They were also in shock and disbelief!

Almost everyone had thought that the Soaring Heaven King Palace and the Lineage of Star would clash head-on this time around. Moreover, Jian Wushuang would no doubt be the main character of this matter.

Moreover, there were also people who pitied Jian Wushuang all the while. However, what happened in the end?

From the start to the end, no one from the Lineage of Star showed up. It was only Jian Wushuang himself!

Just by himself, he had single-handedly made the powerful lineup that was sent out by the Soaring Heaven King Palace including the Almighty helpless. On the contrary, they had suffered huge losses in Jian Wushuang’s hands.

In no time, countless people were shocked by this matter.

“That Jian Wushuang is merely an Eternal Real God. However, he is still able to fight with an Almighty head-on and even wound him fatally. This is really unbelievable.”

“Too frightening. This Jian Wushuang is too frightening. If we purely use words like genius and demon to describe him, he would still be indescribable. After all, even demons and monsters are not as frightening as him.”

“Inverse Cultivator. This is an Inverse Cultivator!”

Many experts in the Sanctuary Alliance knew how shocking Jian Wushuang’s speed of emergence was.

It should be known that more than twenty thousand years ago when Wu Bei’s cave appeared, the Jian Wushuang then was only a Universe God. Hence, he was just a little kid.

However, in a short twenty thousand years, he had become an overlord!

That’s right. He had become an overlord.

His current abilities had already achieved the level of an Almighty and in the Eternal Chaotic World, Almighties were considered overlords!

Of course, at the same time that everyone was shocked about Jian Wushuang’s abilities, all the powerhouses as well as experts who travelled alone within the Sanctuary Alliance were laughing at the Soaring Heaven King Palace.

The Soaring Heaven King Palace had always been unreasonable. Moreover, many powerhouses and experts had developed a grudge against the Soaring Heaven King Palace before. However, due to the Soaring Heaven King Palace’s abilities, they only dared to be furious but did not say anything. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, this time round, the Soaring Heaven King Palace had completely thrown their reputation away.

They had thrown so much of their reputation away that they had been reduced to a joke.

They had sent out such a powerful lineup. There were tens of Chaotic Real Gods, which included Real God Han Quan and Real God Jiu Gong, who were experts at the front of the Real God ranking list. Moreover, even an Almighty had come personally. However, their aim was merely to kill a Real God.

The Real God had almost no help from anyone and he relied purely on himself. In the end, he slaughtered the Soaring Heaven King Palace to the point that they were in a hideous mess and were too tragic to look at. Thus, what else could they be besides a joke?

Moreover, the Soaring Heaven King Palace themselves had asked for the joke.

Jian Wushuang had made the video of the conversation between him and Real God Zi Ye public. It was obvious that the Soaring Heaven King Palace had always been the one making trouble and Jian Wushuang had merely retaliated all the way in order to protect himself.

Furthermore, for the great battle this time round, in order to show their power, the Soaring Heaven King Palace had taken the initiative to spread the news. As such, it had resulted in such a huge commotion.

At that moment, they were defeated and had lost their reputation. Apart from blaming themselves, they could not blame anyone else.

In addition, even though the Soaring Heaven King Palace had thrown their reputation away, they had still not completely thrown all their face away. After all, Real God Han Quan was still in Jian Wushuang’s hands and the conditions that Jian Wushuang had brought up were made public as well.

At that moment, everyone was excited as to how the Soaring Heaven King Palace would respond. Would they agree or reject his conditions?

…

The Soaring Heaven King Palace then had an extremely gloomy atmosphere.

Many higher-ups of the Soaring Heaven King Palace were naturally enraged.

However, they could only be enraged. Such a matter had already occurred and their reputation had been totally thrown away. They even had no way to find trouble with the Lineage of Star.

After all, for this matter, they were in the wrong!

Currently, what they needed to do was to do their best to reduce the losses of the Soaring Heaven King Palace.

For their losses, the first thing to do was naturally to bring Real God Han Quan back.

Not long after Jian Wushuang had returned to the Thunderbolt Island, the Soaring Heaven King Palace sent a message to him saying that they accepted the three conditions that he had brought up.

…

At a spacious ground in the Thunderbolt Island.

The open area did not have any opportunities. Moreover, on normal days, no one would stay in this open area. However, at present, innumerous experts had come to this open area.

In the whole of Thunderbolt Island, apart from some experts who were completely immersed in the comprehension of the opportunities, more than ninety percent of the experts had come to the open area. This included a few interested Almighties who had appeared in the void near the open area.

This was because on the very day, the Soaring Heaven King Palace would complete their trade with Jian Wushuang on the open area.

At the middle of the open space, the Soaring Heaven King Palace had tens of experts on their side and Sir God Qian Lian had also appeared personally, just like before.

As for Jian Wushuang, he was also accompanied by some experts from the Lineage of Star.

“These are the Doctrine Gems and Demon Cores that you wanted. In addition, there are also two Tokens of the Fairy Palace’s Legacy and each of them contains two hundred and fifty years of training time. Please do a check yourself,” Sir God Qian Lan’s expression was ice-cold and he took out a Qian Kun Ring.

Jian Wushuang took the Qian Kun Ring. After using his Soul Power to scan it, he smiled and nodded his head.

After that, he waved his hands and released Real God Han Quan who had been suppressed in the Blood Mountain Sword.

“Sir God Qian Lan, this is a good trade,” Jian Wushuang laughed heartily.

“Hmph, don’t be arrogant. The Soaring Heaven King Palace will not let this matter go just like that!” Sir God Qian Lan said in a cold voice.

“I will be waiting,” Jian Wushuang was still laughing like before.

…