Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1697: Returning To The Lineage Of Star

Thunderbolt Island, Spacetime Fairy Palace.

Jian Wushuang was sitting down calmly with his legs crossed in the middle of the twenty-seven picture scrolls.

“Previously in the standalone space, when I was comprehending the Seven Star Picture, I saw the process of the birth of a constellation to its destruction. Due to that, my level of comprehension of the Spacetime Doctrine and Reincarnation Doctrine rose greatly. Currently, I have a great amount of training time in the Fairy Palace. Hence, I must use it properly to get my comprehension of the Power of Heaven Way to achieve a whole new level in the shortest amount of time.”

“Let’s begin!”

Jian Wushuang clenched both his fists tightly and slowly closed his eyes after that.

The comprehension of the Power of Heaven Way would become more difficult as one continued to make progress and one picture scroll would require tens of years of comprehension. However, Jian Wushuang was very patient.

Moreover, the most important thing was that he had a great amount of training time in the Fairy Palace.

A total of five hundred years was enough for him to spend it freely.

Time continued to pass as Jian Wushuang was in a state of comprehension.

In a flash, three hundred and eighty years had passed.

During the three hundred and eighty years, Jian Wushuang spent one hundred and twenty years in the Spacetime Fairy Palace. As for the remaining two hundred and sixty years, he spent it in the Reincarnation Fairy Palace.

During the comprehension in the three hundred and eighty years, be it his comprehension of the Spacetime Doctrine or the Reincarnation Doctrine, both of them advanced greatly and he then possessed the abilities to clear the sixth level of the Doctrine Palace. Moreover, he was also extremely close to the seventh level and he could be said to be only one step away.

However, it was extremely difficult to get past that step.

After all, the seventh level of the Doctrine Palace was the standard of an Almighty. For a Chaotic Real God to make a breakthrough to become an Almighty, the first requirement was for his comprehension of the Power of Heaven Way to achieve the standard needed to clear the seventh level of the Doctrine Palace. However, across many years, this requirement had stumped many Real Gods.

Jian Wushuang had also come across a bottleneck at that stage. In order to make it past the bottleneck, it would be pointless for him to rely on comprehension in the Fairy Palace. Instead, he could only rely on other opportunities.

As such, he did not use the remaining one hundred and twenty years of training time in the Fairy Palace.

In a dark standalone space within the Thunderbolt Island.

Swish! Swish!

All of a sudden, two brilliant rays of golden light lit up abruptly and pierced the void, leaving behind two long golden tails that looked like comets.

Moreover, for the places that they passed through, the space was completely torn into pieces.

Buzz! Buzz!

Two rays of golden light shone fiercely and revealed themselves beside Jian Wushuang after appearing beside him. It was two Hong Jun Golden Swords.

“I can already use two Hong Jun Golden Swords proficiently. Moreover, be it speed or power, these two Hong Jun Golden Swords have made a huge improvement in those two areas. By combining these two facts, I am definitely be more than ten times more powerful compared to back then when I fought with Sir God Qian Lan!”

“If the current me were to fight with Sir God Qian Lan again, even if he were to exert all his strength and not care about anything else, I would have absolute confidence that I would be able to suppress him with the two Hong Jun Golden Swords!”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes shone brilliantly and he was over the moon.

When he had fought with Sir God Qian Lan, be it his comprehension of the Spacetime Doctrine or Reincarnation Doctrine, both of them had stopped at the standard to clear the fifth level of the Doctrine Palace

However, at that moment, his comprehension of the two Powers of Heaven Way had already achieved the top of the sixth level of the Doctrine Palace.

Since Jian Wushuang’s comprehension of the Power of Heaven Way had improved by so much, the abilities that he possessed had naturally increased as well. Thus, the Unique Skills, Secret Skills and many other techniques that he used would naturally be more powerful.

When comparing his combined abilities, he was indeed more than ten times stronger than before.

This was only him improving from the fifth level to the sixth level of the Doctrine Palace. If he were to take another step forward in the future, such that his comprehension of the Power of Heaven Way was to achieve the standard needed to clear the seventh level of the Doctrine Palace… that would be the real qualitative change. His abilities as a whole would rise even more.

“The current me can suppress Sir God Qian Lan head-on with two Hong Jun Golden Swords. However, if my comprehension of the Spacetime Doctrine was to take another step forward and achieve the standard needed to clear the seventh level of the Doctrine Palace, the Hong Jun Golden Swords would be countless times stronger than they are now when I use them. At that time, by relying on the Hong Jun Golden Swords, probably no one among the Sir Gods could be my opponent,” Jian Wushuang clenched both his fists tightly and he was filled with anticipation.

Since his comprehension of the Power of Heaven Way had come across a bottleneck, it would be meaningless for him to continue to stay in the Thunderbolt Island to train. Hence, he returned to the Lineage of Star straight away.

…

Purple Moon Sanctuary, Star Land. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The gorgeous, gigantic Milky Way which covered the whole sky was suspended high up in the air.

An ancient and exquisite silver spaceship from the outside world had appeared at the edge of the Milky Way. Jian Wushuang, who wore a blood robe and was carrying a long sword on his back, walked down from the spaceship alone. After that, he went to the interior of the Milky Way.

The news of his return was only told to Hall Master Yuan alone. Moreover, he also told Hall Master Yuan to not make it public. Therefore, the Lineage of Star was still extremely peaceful, just like before.

Jian Wushuang was walking forward on the Milky Way slowly. His steps were slow and he headed deep inside step by step.

Along the way, Jian Wushuang would occasionally see some Meta Beasts which were playing wantonly in the void as well as some Lineage of Star’s disciples catching them.

“The Lineage of Star has not changed at all,” Jian Wushuang laughed. However, all of a sudden, he recalled something.

“I left the Lineage of Star for thousands of years ago. Now I’ve returned, I still have many impressions of the Lineage of Star. However, I left my hometown for tens of thousands of years!” Jian Wushuang murmured and his eyes revealed an expression of recollection.

His hometown, the Green Fire World!

That was the place where he was born and raised.

That was his root!

Over there, there were also many of his close ones, brothers and good friends.

No matter what reputation he would create for himself in the Eternal Chaotic World and no matter how powerful he would become in the future, he would definitely not forget about that place.

After being separated for tens of thousands of years, he had no idea how his hometown was doing at that moment.

Moreover, there was also the giant battlefield that his hometown was near. The battlefield was unimaginably queer and there was a high possibility that it was a battlefield of the Ancient Past. Furthermore, it also contained a great number of secrets.

“I shall return to my hometown after another period of time, when I really need to relax,” Jian Wushuang thought.

In no time, Jian Wushuang arrived at the base of the Lineage of Star.

Although Jian Wushuang had seen many disciples of the Lineage of Star, he did not show himself. Instead, he headed to the constellation that Hall Master Yuan was at directly.

Within a cave which was completely made of special gems.

“Didn’t you say that you have had a total of five hundred years of training time in the Fairy Palace? I thought that you would only return after using up all your training time,” Hall Master Yuan looked at Jian Wushuang while laughing.

“My comprehension of the Power of Heaven Way has come across a bottleneck and I will not be able to get past it by relying on the Fairy Palace,” Jian Wushuang said helplessly.

“Is that so?” Hall Master Yuan raised his eyebrows, “If that’s the case, your abilities will have definitely risen considerably as compared to before. Am I right?”

Jian Wushuang laughed and he did not comment.

“Alright. I shall not ask too much. Let’s get down to business. I have called you back this time around for a certain matter,” Hall Master Yuan prepared to tell Jian Wushuang about the matter.

Jian Wushuang listened closely.

…