Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1713: You Ming Pub

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

In the Eternal Chaotic World, gaps exist between different border areas as well as between different Holy Kingdoms.

Some Holy Kingdoms were powerful, while some Holy Kingdoms were weak.

For example, the Snow Kingdom that Jian Wushuang first set foot in when he came to the Eternal Chaotic World was extremely far away from the Ten Cultivation Sanctuaries and it belonged to one of the very remote Holy Kingdoms. Moreover, it was also an extremely weak Holy Kingdom that did not have many Real Gods.

However, the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu was absolutely an extremely powerful Holy Kingdom. Moreover, the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu and the sixteen other surrounding Holy Kingdoms were all under an Almighty. This Almighty was known as Sir God Liu Yin.

The You Ming Mountain was a famous mountain range in the Holy Kingdom of Real Whshu.

The mountain range was famous for its fighting prowess, not because of the fact that impressive experts had appeared from it or because some powerhouses were present. It was because of the fact that the mountain range was the biggest place in the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu where most bandits were concentrated in.

The You Ming Mountain stretched across hundreds of millions of miles and there were more than a thousand million bandits in it.

Among those bandits, there were powerful ones as well as weak ones. The weak ones were normal Heaven Masters while the average ones were Universe Gods which were great in number. In addition, there was quite a number of Real Gods within the mountain range.

Due to the bandits running wild, the mountain range had a very bad name. On normal days, if there was no need to, many of the cultivators in the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu would absolutely not choose to go into the You Ming Mountain.

However, ever since more than ten years ago where the Universe God known as He Xiu escaped into the You Ming Mountain, the You Ming Mountain had become extremely lively.

He Xiu was the Universe God who possessed the nine Taiqing Ancient Panaceas. As soon as he escaped into the You Ming Mountain, many experts who had cast their greedy eyes on his nine Taiqing Ancient Panacea came to the You Ming Mountain and started to search for him crazily.

It should be known that there were too many cultivators who had cast their eyes on the nine Taiqing Ancient Panaceas. Moreover, most of them were experts. This also included many powerhouses and sects of the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu, as well as the surrounding sixteen Holy Kingdoms. The number of cultivators was uncountable.

With so many experts of the powerhouses and sects going into the You Ming Mountain, the bandits within the You Ming Mountain were totally unable to hold their ground against them. Hence, they were naturally affected.

However, it was not easy to find a Universe God within thousands of millions of bandits.

Hence, to date, after more than tens of years had passed, no one had found He Xiu yet.

…

At a spacious main road which was near the center region of the You Ming Mountain, there was an exquisite pub and it was called the You Ming Pub.

The pub was only built recently and it was a rest area specially built for the experts who were looking for He Xiu in the mountain range. In addition, much information regarding the Hong Ming Mountain was also exchanged in the pub.

For example, if a Universe God who looked like He Xiu were to appear somewhere in the Hong Ming Mountain or within any group of bandits, the pub would make this information public immediately.

For such a kind of pub, they could be found in each and every corner of the Hong Ming Mountain.

Just then, this pub was extremely lively and there were at least hundreds of cultivators talking wantonly. Some of them were drinking wine and chatting while some of them were exchanging information.

Swoosh!

All of a sudden, a blood-robed youth who was carrying a sword landed in the open space outside the pub. After that, he suppressed his aura and entered the pub slowly.

“This Mister over here, may I know what you need?” A green-clothed young lady behind the counter asked.

“Give me detailed information regarding He Xiu as well as what has happened in the Hong Ming Mountain in this period of time. Also, give me a bottle of wine,” Jian Wushuang said.

“No problem, but I will require you to pay two hundred thousand Divine Gems,” the green-clothed young lady said.

Two hundred thousand Divine Gems were equivalent to all the possessions of a weak Universe God. However, to Jian Wushuang, it was too little to make a difference.

At present, his social status was that of an Almighty. For the hundred thousand Doctrine Gems which he had obtained from the Soaring Heaven King Palace, one of them was equivalent to hundreds of millions of Divine Gems.

The green-clothed young lady gave the report to Jian Wushuang. After receiving it, Jian Wushuang found a random seat within the pub and sat down. After that, he started to browse through the report.

Many cultivators within the pub knew that Jian Wushuang had come for He Xiu. However, they were not too concerned about him. After all, all of them had come for He Xiu as well. Moreover, as Jian Wushuang had suppressed his aura, they were unable to tell how strong Jian Wushuang was and they treated him like a Universe God who was similar to them.

Little did they imagine that the person who was sitting with them was a super existence who would be able to make the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu shiver with fear with a stomp of his foot.

“Oh, no wonder a Universe God like He Xie can obtain the nine Taiqing Ancient Panaceas. So it’s like that.” As Jian Wushuang looked at the report in his hands, he shook his head.

The main reason could be explained in one word: greed!

It was not He Xiu who was greedy. Instead, it was the elders of He Xiu. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

According to the report, He Xiu was born into the He family which was a big family in the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu!

The He family had always been cordial to the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu. Moreover, in the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu, it was definitely a big powerhouse that could get into the top five among the powerhouses of the Holy Kingdom.

Back then, when Sir God Dan Hong’s cave was discovered within the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu, as the cave was too huge and it contained many mazes, it naturally required a huge number of experts to explore it. Hence, the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu sent many experts under him to explore the cave. These experts included many experts from the He family and even He Xiu’s father was included.

After searching the cave inside out, quite a number of experts under the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu had died but many of the elixirs that were left behind by Sir God Dan Hong were retrieved in the end. However, it was a pity that among the elixirs that were retrieved, the Taiqing Ancient Panacea was not present.

Against that, the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu, as well as the Almighty Sir God Liu Yin who was behind him, could not do anything and they could only assume that Sir God Dan Hong had not left any Taiqing Ancient Panaceas behind. After all, all the elixirs that he had left behind were only discovered at the very end and they were inside three Qian Kun Rings. As such, no one could steal anything secretly.

Hence, this matter was about to come to an end. However, who could have known that the experts who were exploring Sir God Dan Hong’s cave would unintentionally discover a secret room at the very end? Moreover, it should be known that the secret room originally contained an opportunity as well as a total of nine Taiqing Ancient Panaceas. However, when the secret room was discovered, the opportunity and the nine Taiqing Ancient Panaceas had already disappeared.

This meant that among the experts under the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu, someone had obtained the opportunity and the nine Taiqing Ancient Panaceas. However, they hid them quietly and did not turn them over.

Sir God Liu Yin then became furious. At the same time, the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu was also enraged and both of them started to investigate.

With the investigation, they found their way to the He family.

It was an expert of the He family. Moreover, it was He Xiu’s father who obtained the opportunity and Taiqing Ancient Panacea in the secret room by coincidence. However, due to his greed where he wanted them for himself, he invited a great disaster to the He family and caused it to be destroyed.