Chapter 1719: The Only Condition

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“It’s the King, the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu. And the person beside him is Ling Tianxiao, the head of the Ling family.

“The King has actually come himself.”

Sounds of shock could be heard from the scene at once.

Among the many experts present, although quite a number of them came from the sixteen surrounding Holy Kingdoms, the You Ming Mountain was in the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu after all. Hence, in the You Ming Mountain, the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu was definitely the overlord and the abilities that he possessed were the most powerful.

“Di Lei, I didn’t think that you would come as well,” the King of the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu had a vast amount of aura which was like a rising sun illuminating the universe.

Upon seeing the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu, Di Lei’s expression turned grave.

The person who he feared the most in the fight for the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas this time around was the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu. As such, he did whatever he could to rope people over to his side previously so that he could obtain the power required to compete with the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu.

However, looking at it then, there was still quite a bit of a gap between them.

Not mentioning the others, just looking at the side of the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu itself, apart from the King, there were two other Chaotic Real Gods and the total number of Chaotic Real Gods amounted to three. As for Eternal Real Gods, there were more than ten. Hence, this was something that was incomparable to him.

After sweeping his eyes past Di Lei, the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu felt disdainful. After that, his eyes looked in the direction He Xiu.

“He Xiu, do you know the crime that you have committed?”

The King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu’s voice turned cold and it was filled with strictness. At the same time, his Chaotic Real-God-level pressure was unleashed onto He Xiu.

He Xiu felt as though his body was about to be crushed completely. However, he still hung on with all his might. At the same time, his right hand exerted some force and the jade bottle broke open completely, revealing the nine Taiqing Ancient Panaceas which were held by He Xiu in his hands.

“You wish to force me?” He Xiu’s eyes were completely red and he gave a shrill roar.

The King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu’s expression turned grave and the pressure that he unleashed dissipated at once.

It was obvious that he was also worried that He Xiu would destroy the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas in his fit of anger.

“He Xiu, you must be certain about your own identity. The Taiqing Ancient Panaceas are not something that a Universe God like you can have. Even if it were your He family, they would not have the right to do so. Your father, as well as many experts of your He family, should have served as a lesson for you.”

“If you were to hand the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas over obediently now, I would forgive you and spare your life. If not, you will end up the same way as your father!” the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu shouted.

“Haha, what a joke. For so many years in the Holy Kingdom of Real, my He family has been very loyal to you and we have done many things for you. But what happened in the end? Just like before, you continued to acquiesce yourself with the Ling family to bully us and take the property of my He family. Moreover, you even had the intention of supporting the Ling family to destroy my He family!” He Xiu’s voice was fierce and ear-piercing.

“This time around, I admit that my He family is in the wrong. However, we did it to protect ourselves. My father merely wished to use the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas to carve out a new path for the He family. If not because of the fact that we would encounter a great disaster soon, why would my He family dare to hide the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas secretly?”

“As for you, because of this matter, you disregarded many years of the He family’s cordiality and exterminated the He family completely. King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu, you are really ruthless!”

“Hmph, since your He family dares to betray me, you must be ready to die ten thousand times,” the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu’s voice was icy-cold. “He Xiu, I will give you one last chance. Will you hand over the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas or not?”

“Haha, I refuse to hand them over, what can you do to me? At most, the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas will be destroyed with my death,” He Xiu laughed loudly and he was filled with madness. He had been prepared to risk everything since a long time ago.

Such a scene then caused the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu’s expression to turn ugly.

He did not care about He Xiu’s abilities. However, since the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas were currently with He Xiu, if He Xiu were to really destroy everything, it would be extremely troublesome.

Not mentioning the fact that he would not receive Sir God Liu Yin’s reward, Sir God Liu Yin might even put the blame on him.

“He Xiu.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

A voice could be heard and it came from Di Lei. He also had a grave expression, “In such a situation, you have absolutely no chance of escaping. Tell us bluntly. What must we do to get you to hand over the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas?”

The people present could tell that since He Xiu did not destroy the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas immediately, he definitely wanted to discuss some terms and conditions.

“Haha, my condition is simple and I only have one.” He Xiu laughed coldly and his eyes turned scarlet like the eyes of a wild beast and he looked in the direction of the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu, “I will give these nine Taiqing Ancient Panaceas to the person who kills the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu as well as Ling Tianxiao who is behind him!”

As soon as his words left his mouth, the whole void became deathly silent at once.

Many experts’ eyes were also filled with astonishment.

Kill the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu, kill Ling Tianxiao?

Not mentioning the fact that both of them were Chaotic Real Gods, the most important thing was that they were in the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu which was the territory of the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu. Thus, how much power did the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu possess?

Although there were many experts present, quite a number of them were from the sixteen other Holy Kingdoms. Hence, these experts did not have the slightest bit of courage to fight with the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu.

After all, if the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu were not killed, they would be the ones to die as there would be absolutely no way for them to leave the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu.

As for the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu, when he saw the expressions of the surrounding experts, he laughed apathetically and his eyes became filled with contempt.

“Di Lei, are you going to attack me?” the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu shot a glance at Di Lei.

At the scene, the only person who would dare to fight him was probably Di Lei alone.

Di Lei’s expression was a bit ugly.

If it were just killing Ling Tianxiao alone, it would still be alright. However, killing the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu?

Di Lei shook his head. He also did not have the courage to fight with the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu in the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu as it was no different from courting death.

“He Xiu, you have seen it as well. Even if I were to stand here for people to kill me, which person present would dare to attack me?” the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu sneered.

“Change to a more realistic condition,” Di Lei also looked over.

“No, I only have this condition. I will only give all the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas to the person who manages to do it. If no one is able to do it, the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas will be destroyed along with my death!” He Xiu roared, “I will count to three. After counting to three, if no one takes action, I shall turn the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas into a waste product!”

“One!”

Upon hearing He Xiu counting, the expressions of the people present turned grave.

Quite a number of people looked at the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu. However, they still shook their heads.

“He Xiu, do you really wish to die?” the King of Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu was filled with murderous intent.

“Two!” He Xiu’s eyes turned completely red. He had disregarded his life a long time ago.

“Three…”

He Xiu blurted out a ‘three’ slowly while holding back. As soon as his words came out of his mouth, his face filled with madness and he was about to destroy all the nine Taiqing Ancient Panaceas in his hands.

“Wait!”

All of a sudden, a cry could be heard. The voice was low and it reverberated across the whole universe like a clap of thunder. At the same time, it struck the mind of He Xiu, causing his breathing to stop temporarily and his hands to stop what they were doing.

Everyone then looked over. The person who they saw was a crimson-robed young man who carried a sword on his back and he was walking over slowly.