Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1723: Leaving Leisurely

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“For you to be able to fight with my Life and Death Flywheels like this, your golden swords are really peculiar. No wonder Sir God Qian Lan suffered great losses at your hands. However, although the golden swords are strong and your Divine Power is not weak, your level of comprehension of the Power of Heaven Way is too low.”

Sir God Liu Yin’s eyes were glowing with a shrill light like lightning. All of a sudden, his white and black flywheels combined and formed a completely new flywheel.

“Fusion of Life and Death, kill!”

Sir God Liu Yin gave a cry. The new black and white flywheel then unleashed an incomparable speed instantly and clashed with the two Hong Jun Golden Swords.

Clang! Clang!

Two low, deep sounds could be heard. The two Hong Jun Golden Swords were actually sent flying unreasonably for hundreds of miles.

As for the black and white flywheel, it seemed to be not hindered at all and it continued to head toward Jian Wushuang.

“What?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed.

He did not expect the combined power of Sir God’s Liu Yin two flywheels to be so powerful. He then released his Divine Power immediately. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Ancient God’s Secret Skill, Eight Divine Mountains!”

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Loud sounds could be heard repeatedly.

All of a sudden, golden, lofty Divine Mountains descended.

Every golden Divine Mountain was a hundred thousand feet tall and they were emitting brilliant golden light that was dazzling. Moreover, there was a total of eight Divine Mountains.

The eight golden Divine Mountains appeared in front of Jian Wushuang and acted as eight protective screens.

The black and white flywheel headed over with lightning speed and the frightening power that it contained destroyed the first seven Divine Mountains instantly. However, it was stopped by the eighth Divine Mountain, the final Divine Mountain.

“What strong power. Seven of the Eight Divine Mountains that I have unleashed with my full power were actually destroyed instantly,” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were filled with shock.

The Eight Divine Mountains was the only defense-type Secret Skill among the Ancient God Secret Skills and it was extremely powerful.

When it was unleashed with Jian Wushuang’s current Divine Power, it could stop the attacks of normal Sir Gods easily. However, for the flywheel of Sir God Liu Yin, although the Eight Divine Mountains had stopped it, the Eight Divine Mountains had reached their limits as well.

“Haha, as expected of Sir God Liu Yin. Your abilities are indeed impressive. Today, I, Jian Wushuang, have learnt a great lesson from you. I shall take my leave now.”

A hearty and loud laugh echoed across the universe. The two Hong Jun Golden Swords had already returned to Jian Wushuang and were put into Jian Wushuang’s Qian Kun Ring. As for Jian Wushuang, he turned his body straight away and was about to leave.

“You wish to run?” Sir God Liu Yin’s face turned cold. “Don’t think of escaping without leaving the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas behind.”

“Haha, what a joke. If I want to escape, do you think that you can stop me?” Jian Wushuang laughed disdainfully. By activating the Secret Skill Flowing Light Phantom, thousands upon thousands of shadows appeared. At the same time, he also unleashed the Secret Skill of Dragon Blood.

The moment he unleashed the Secret Skill of Dragon Blood, his speed rose greatly. In addition, Jian Wushuang had comprehended the Spacetime Doctrine and he had always been proficient in speed to begin with. Hence, he had already escaped very far away in an instant.

Sir God Liu Yin wanted to give chase. However, he was unable to catch up to him at all.

In the void, Sir God Liu Yin’s figure had already stopped moving. As he looked in the direction that Jian Wushuang disappeared to, his body trembled and he was filled with dissatisfaction.

“Jian Wushuang, I shall remember what happened today!” Sir God Liu Yin clenched both his fists tightly and his eyes were filled with flames of fury.

In the surrounding void, when the experts from the sixteen Holy Kingdoms witnessed such a scene, all of them had extremely puzzled expressions.

In their eyes, Sir God Liu Yin was an invincible existence.

However, on that very day, Sir God Liu Yin was made a fool of by someone else and he had suffered a great loss.

Moreover, the person who had caused that was merely a Real God.

His name was Jian Wushuang.

The number one on the Real God ranking list!

…

After leaving the You Ming Mountain, Jian Wushuang slowed down and he moved forward in the void slowly.

“Sir God Liu Yin… No wonder he has such a big reputation in the Eternal Chaotic World. His abilities are really not fake,” Jian Wushuang gasped in admiration.

In actual fact, when comparing abilities for real, Sir God Liu Yin was indeed slightly stronger than him and Jian Wushuang agreed with this point.

If they were to go all-out, Jian Wushuang would only have a slight chance at victory by unleashing all his trump cards.

However, Sir God Liu Yin was too careless and he had allowed Jian Wushuang to obtain the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas first, obtaining the absolute opportunity as a result.

“Originally, he had thought that everything was under his control. Without the need to even show himself, someone would naturally present the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas to him obediently. However, he totally did not expect me to participate in this fight as well,” Jian Wushuang laughed.

The Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu was Sir God Liu Yin’s territory and he knew everything inside out.

He knew that apart from him, no other Almighty was present in the whole Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu. Other than that, he naturally did not need to worry about the group of Real Gods.

Even if the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas were to fall into the hands of Jian Wushuang, he was also not worried in the slightest.

It was only after he knew of Jian Wushuang’s abilities and identity that he started to feel anxious. However, by then, it was already too late. The Taiqing Ancient Panaceas had already fallen into the hands of Jian Wushuang. Although he was slightly stronger than Jian Wushuang, he was still unable to kill Jian Wushuang. As such, there was nothing he could do to Jian Wushuang.

However, if it were another Almighty who came, Sir God Liu Yin would definitely be extremely vigilant and he would have come personally to get the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas a long time ago.

“Luck,” Jian Wushuang murmured.

For him to obtain the Taiqing Ancient Panaceas this time around, it was indeed partially down to luck.

As for him provoking Sir God Liu Yin as a result of that, Jian Wushuang was not concerned in the slightest bit.

Sir God Liu Yin was just a Sir God and at present he was unable to do anything against Jian Wushuang. As for the future, he would be completely unable to do anything against Jian Wushuang.

As Jian Wushuang travelled, he left the boundaries of the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu in no time.

In a black void, with a swing of Jian Wushuang’s hands, He Xiu, who was stored in the Blood Mountain Sword, was released.

“I am He Xiu. Greetings to Lord,” He Xiu greeted Jian Wushuang respectfully. His eyes were filled with a great amount of admiration and excitement.

Previously, Jian Wushuang had put him inside the Blood Mountain Sword so that it would be more convenient for him to bring him out of the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu. Inside the Blood Mountain Sword, he was not restrained at all and he could see everything that occurred outside clearly.

He had witnessed Jian Wushuang and the legendary Sir God Liu Yin fighting clearly. Moreover, they were fighting head-on. However, in the end, Sir God Liu Yin was unable to do anything to Jian Wushuang.

It was obvious that although Jian Wushuang was only a Real God, his fighting capabilities were of the level of an Almighty.

Since an Almighty was standing in front of him, so He Xiu was naturally respectful.

“I have already fulfilled your request to bring you out of the Holy Kingdom of Real Wushu. Hence, neither of us owe each other anything now.” Jian Wushuang said.

After speaking, Jian Wushuang turned to leave.

“Wait,” He Xie spoke hurriedly.