Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1727: Made A Move

In a lofty, black divine hall in a vast dark land.

Under the protection of many guards which were covered in dim light, a black-robed figure knelt down respectfully and handed a token over.

“Lord, this is the assassination plan for Jian Wushuang. If the plan is carried out, the success rate will definitely be higher than ninety percent,” the black-robed figure said respectfully.

The lofty, dark divine hall became quiet for a long time.

Finally…

“This plan will expose quite a number of things. However, if we are able to kill Jian Wushuang, it will be worth it.”

“Go ahead.”

A gloomy and hoarse voice could be heard from all directions. It was obvious that the Lord had already approved of the plan.

The black-robed figure was extremely delighted and he started to put the plan into effect.

…

For the Eight Lairs, the lower the number of the lair, the more dangerous it was.

For the First Lair to the Fifth Lair, only Almighties dared to travel there.

As for the Sixth Lair… normally, Real Gods travelled there. However, for Real Gods who dared to travel in the Sixth Lair, they would possess fighting capabilities that allowed them to get into the Real God ranking list at the very least.

Just then, at the core region of the Sixth Lair.

An emaciated figure which was covered in a crimson robe was hidden in the void. Under the crimson hood, a pair of strange gray eyes were revealed and they were looking at the front.

At the end of his sight, there was a figure.

It was a handsome man who wore a loose and long robe. He was moving forward slowly. His expression was cold and his eyes looked around the surroundings from time to time. He was extremely vigilant.

However, although the handsome man was extremely vigilant, he did not notice the crimson-robed man who was behind him.

“Hehe, that’s Lei Chao of the Lineage of Star?”

“He is only ranked twenty-seventh in the Real God ranking list. However, he still dares to travel in the core region of the Sixth Lair alone. He is really quite daring. However, it’s a pity that you are someone from the Lineage of Star. Moreover, your relationship with Jian Wushuang is not too bad. Hence… I can only say that I’m sorry.”

While wearing a cold smile, the crimson-robed man approached Lei Chao slowly. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

…

In a secret room in the Sword Star of the Lineage of Star.

Jian Wushuang had sat down with his legs crossed to train for three months. During the three months, he had completely absorbed the Divine Power in the nine Taiqing Ancient Panaceas.

After absorbing all the Divine Power completely, Jian Wushuang had a puzzled expression.

In his body, there were Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplets floating about. By counting them, there was a total of ninety droplets of Ultimate Divine Power.

That’s right. There were ninety-nine droplets and he was only one droplet away from the hundred Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplets needed to make a breakthrough to Stage Three Ultimate Real God.

Moreover, for the last droplet, he had accumulated quite a great portion of it and only a small portion was left.

It was just a little bit more. He was just one step away from precipitating the hundredth droplet of Ultimate Divine Power.

“In the end, it is still lacking slightly,” Jian Wushuang murmured. Although he felt that it was a pity, he was not too concerned.

After all, the effects of the nine Taiqing Ancient Panaceas had already exceeded his expectations. The current him only lacked a small portion of Divine Power. For this small portion of Divine Power, he did not need any opportunities. By just relying on his own training or absorbing the Demon Cores that he had obtained back then, he would probably be able to make a breakthrough.

“A thousand years!” Jian Wushuang clenched both his fists tightly and his eyes glowed brilliantly.

For the current him, by relying on the Hong Jun Golden Swords as well as the many Unique Skills and Secret Skills of the Ancient God, he could gain a firm foothold among the Sir Gods and he was very close to the top. However, if he were able to take another step forward and achieve Stage Three Ultimate Real God, his Divine Power and body would achieve the level of an Emperor God. By then, his abilities as a whole would rise greatly.

“I cannot rush. I must take it slow and go with the flow.”

Jian Wushuang laughed. After that, he walked out of the secret room.

After walking out of the secret room, Jian Wushuang got the news that Elder Wu Liang had come. Moreover, he had also been waiting for him in the Sword Star for quite a few days.

Within a lofty hall.

“Elder Wu Liang,” Jian Wushuang wore a smile and walked toward Elder Wu Liang.

“Hall Master Wushuang,” Elder Wu Liang was filled with respect. However, he also had mixed feelings.

It should be known that thousands of years ago, he had invited Jian Wushuang to help them to hunt down Real God Shi Jue. As for Jian Wushuang, after he had obtained the Token of the Fairy Palace’s Legacy from Real God Shi Jue, he joined the Sanctuary Alliance officially. After that, in a short thousands of years, he had risen greatly.

To date, Jian Wushuang could compete against an Almighty and he was one of the Hall Masters of the Lineage of Star. Hence, Jian Wushuang was an existence that he looked up to.

“Elder Wu Liang, since you have come to look for me, is there something wrong?” Jian Wushuang questioned while laughing.

“There’s a matter and it is related to you,” Elder Wu Liang said.

“Oh?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed.

“It’s like this. A few days ago, someone from the Parting Hatred Island sent a message over saying that a cultivator from the Lineage of Star had been captured by them after killing their disciples. At present, she is being imprisoned in the Parting Hatred Island. After taking into account the fact that she is from the Lineage of Star, they did not kill her on the spot. Instead, they wanted to have a discussion with the Lineage of Star with regards to how to resolve the problem,” Elder Wu Liang said.

“Just like that?” Jian Wushuang had a perplexed expression.

This should be a small matter that was too insignificant to mention. Hence, wouldn’t it be insufficient to make him feel alarmed?

“Could it be that the cultivator is someone who I know?” Jian Wushuang questioned.

“That’s right. She’s called Qiu Yue and she is your maid,” Elder Wu Liang said.

Jian Wushuang’s expression changed at once.

Qiu Yue?

She was the housekeeper of the Sword Star. As Jian Wushuang had always been travelling outside, Qiu Yue had been in charge of taking care of the Sword Star.

Qiu Yue had always been loyal to Jian Wushuang. As such, Jian Wushuang was not stingy and he had given her quite a lot of training resources. Moreover, not long ago, Qiu Yue had gone out to train as she had encountered a bottleneck and, to date, she had still not returned.

However, who could have known that Qiu Yue had actually been captured by the Parting Hatred Island?

“Elder Wu Liang, what is the background of the Parting Hatred Island?” Jian Wushuang questioned.

He had some understanding of some extremely powerful big powerhouses and big sects within the Sanctuary Alliance. However, he had never heard of the Parting Hatred Island.

“The Parting Hatred Island is a powerhouse within the Purple Moon Sanctuary. However, it is not considered a big powerhouse. Within the Parting Hatred Island, there is not even one Almighty and it cannot be compared to the Lineage of Star,” Elder Wu Liang said.

“However, the Parting Hatred Island is not in the Star Land. Moreover, Qiu Yue who has been captured is not a disciple of the Lineage of Star. Instead, she is a normal cultivator. Thus, the Parting Hatred Island had the guts to capture her and they even sent a message over saying that they will give her a small punishment.”

Jian Wushuang understood.

If it were a disciple of the Lineage of Star or a genius disciple of the Star Palace, the Parting Hatred Island would not have the guts to punish him. However, Qiu Yue was merely a maid and her position was considered extremely low in the Lineage of Star. Therefore, the Parting Hatred Island naturally dared to punish her.

“Elder Wu Liang, did you find out why Qiu Yue wanted to kill the disciples of the Parting Hatred Island?” Jian Wushuang questioned.

“I have found out about it. It’s because of the fact that a Universe God in the Parting Hatred Island is her sworn enemy. She once had an older brother who died at the hands of that Universe God in the Parting Hatred Island. As such, Qiu Yue took action against them. However, it’s a pity that she was captured by the experts of the Parting Hatred Island before she was able to kill the Universe God,” Elder Wu Liang said.