Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1745: Very Dissatisfied

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

The space black hole which spread across millions of miles disappeared and the universe regained its peace gradually. Everything had come to an end.

Jian Wushuang was standing at the void and he had a ghastly-pale expression.

The level of the Mountain River Map was too high. If he had only unleashed the First Move, it would still be alright. However, Jian Wushuang had unleashed the Second Move at all costs. Although he had unleashed it forcefully, it still placed a huge burden on his body.

The current him only felt that all his internal organs were damaged and he was in extreme pain.

However, Jian Wushuang couldn’t care less about his own injuries. His eyes were glowing brilliantly and he was staring persistently at the void in front of him. He was looking at the position that Emperor God Xue Gu was in previously.

When he saw the void and that Emperor God Xue Gu’s body was still standing there, his body shook fiercely.

“Not dead?” Jian Wushuang clenched both his fists and he was filled with an infinite amount of dissatisfaction.

He had already given it his all by unleashing all his trump cards as well as techniques and staking everything on one attack. However, in the end, Emperor God Xue Gu was still not dead yet.

“As expected of an Emperor God expert,” Jian Wushuang laughed with grief.

“Jian Wushuang, run away quickly!!!” the King of Venomous Worms’ fierce roar echoed in Jian Wushuang’s mind.

However, Jian Wushuang was in agony.

When did he not wish to run away? If he were able to run away, he would have done so a long time ago. If not, why would he stay behind and stake everything on one attack to fight it out with Emperor God Xue Gu?

The most important thing was that it was impossible for him to run away.

His abilities were not too bad and if he were to use the Secret Skill of Dragon Blood, his speed would surpass many Sir Gods. However, in front of an Emperor God, his speed was considered insignificant. He also knew that Emperor God Xue Gu had always been proficient in speed to begin with.

Moreover, the crimson trident in Emperor God Xue Gu’s hands could lock onto time and space. Hence, this would absolutely not give him any opportunity to escape.

Under such circumstances, there was no way for him to escape.

There was no way previously. At present, there was no way as well.

In front of Jian Wushuang, Emperor God Xue Gu was indeed not dead. However, he looked extremely miserable.

The crimson robe on his body was filled with blood, his face was deathly pale like paper and his aura had decreased greatly. It was obvious that he was seriously injured as well.

However, under such circumstances, Emperor God Xue Gu was neither terrified nor furious. Instead, he was extremely excited and delighted.

“Haha. Jian Wushuang, I really did not expect you to actually have such a nature-defying treasure!”

“You are merely a Real God!”

“To allow a Real God to unleash such frightening power to the point that it almost killed me, this treasure is a hundred times more valuable than my trident. No, it’s a thousand times, ten thousand times!!!”

“I am very grateful to you for giving me such a wonderful treasure. Hence, I will let you die immediately.”

Emperor God Xue Gu was roaring madly and the crimson trident in his hands glowed with a dazzling scarlet color. He then moved his legs and approached Jian Wushuang slowly.

“Is this the end?” Jian Wushuang muttered and his eyes were filled with hopelessness.

The King of Venomous Worms, who was in his body, went silent as well.

The King of Venomous Worms knew that Jian Wushuang had already reached his limit. He had already unleashed all his moves and trump cards. In addition, the Star Power, as well as the power he gained from destroying all his six Ancient God Stars, were completely depleted from using the Seal back then.

If the current him were to face Emperor God Xue Gu again, he would not have any power to resist.

However, all of a sudden…

“Wait!” the King of Venomous Worms gave a shrill cry.

Jian Wushuang’s eyes also shrank fiercely and he looked at Emperor God Xue Gu.

All of a sudden, the black and boundless sea surface behind Emperor God Xue Gu rose. A black shadow then appeared out of thin air and it was right behind Emperor God Xue Gu.

Emperor God Xue Gu seemed to have noticed it as well and he turned his body immediately. After turning his body, his eyes became filled with shock.

What he saw was a large, fierce-looking mouth that had already opened. The fierce-looking mouth contained two sharp, cold and long protruding teeth. Moreover, the big mouth was right in front of him and it headed toward him.

“No!!!!”

Emperor God Xue Gu roared extremely loudly like never before. Although he tried to struggle with all his might to escape, he was still unable to.

When the fierce-looking mouth closed, Emperor God Xue Gu’s body disappeared completely and what replaced him was a huge, pitch-black head. The head was filled with black scales and it looked like a dragon as well as a snake at the same time. In addition, there was also one horn on its head.

“This is… a flood dragon from the Ancient Past!!!” a terrified and astonished voice came from the King of Venomous Worms.

The King of Venomous Worms was a Full-foot Plenilune which was a supreme existence of the Plenilune Clan. However, when it saw the pitch-black enormous monster in front of it, it was horrified from the bottom of its heart. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

A flood dragon from the Ancient Past!

An extremely frightening existence.

As soon as it appeared, there was no room for Emperor God Xue Gu to struggle at all and he was killed right away.

Such a scene was seen clearly by Jian Wushuang and the four Sir Gods who were in a void not too far away. At once, the five of them became extremely frightened.

“Run!”

“Run away quickly!”

“There is no room for Emperor God Xue Gu to struggle at all. This is too frightening.”

The four black-robed Sir Gods did not hesitate at all and they turned around to escape madly at once. All of them had also unleashed their speed to the best of their abilities.

However, the moment they moved, the giant head of the flood dragon which had appeared from the sea surface also turned around at once. At the same time, it opened its big mouth again, buzz!

Shockingly cold air spread across the area and covered the whole universe in an instant. It had also covered the four Sir Gods.

Originally, the four Sir Gods were escaping with all their might. Moreover, the four of them had split up. However, all of a sudden, the four of them stopped moving in midair.

The four of them opened their eyes wide and they were filled with an infinite amount of fear. However, a layer of frost had already covered their bodies and the frost spread continuously. In the end, the four of them were turned into ice sculptures.

When a simple air current passed by, the four ice sculptures broke into pieces at once and dissipated across the universe.

With just one face-off, not even a fragment of the four Sir Gods who had besieged Jian Wushuang previously remained.

After that, the giant head of the ancient flood dragon looked at Jian Wushuang fiercely. The pair of eyes on its head, which were glowing with a thin layer of gray light, then locked on to Jian Wushuang hastily like two electric arcs. Murderous intent also flashed past its eyes.

Whoosh!

Jian Wushuang did not see how the flood dragon moved at all. However, the flood dragon had already appeared in front of him. At the same time, it opened its fierce-looking mouth again and its target this time around was Jian Wushuang.

Just like Emperor God Xue Gu, Jian Wushuang did his best to escape. However, at the instant the flood dragon opened its mouth, Jian Wushuang realized that the space and time that he was in had been completely sealed off. His body was also frozen and he could not move at all.

He could only look on as the head of the flood dragon headed toward him.

“Am I going to die?” Jian Wushuang murmured, “Since I am about to die, it is better for me to die in the hands of this ancient flood dragon rather than at the hands of the experts of the Acheron Palace.”

“However, it’s a pity that I have not found Leng Ruxue and rescued Shuang’er yet. In addition, I have also not found out about Master’s real identity… and I’m going to die just like this. How dissatisfying!”