Chapter 1747: The Power Of A Throw

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Jian Wushuang had seen with his own eyes that when the ancient flood dragon had released cold air from its mouth, the cold air had annihilated the four Sir Gods instantly.

The cold air from the mouth of the ancient flood dragon was heading toward him. As its speed was too fast, Jian Wushuang had no way of dodging it and he also did not have the ability to dodge it.

The cold air covered his body instantly and at that moment, it was as if the cold air wanted to freeze his body, mind and consciousness completely.

He then trembled with fear from the bottom of his heart.

“Hmph!”

Jian Wushuang snorted coldly. In such a situation which was of great concern to life and death, Jian Wushuang remained extremely calm like never before. His Divine Power rose madly and it was as if a volcano had erupted. His Divine Power then blocked the corrosion from the coldness.

The coldness was extremely powerful and it destroyed Jian Wushuang’s Divine Power easily. However, Jian Wushuang had a great amount of Divine Power.

Jian Wushuang was an Inverse Cultivator and he had also achieved the limit of Stage Two Ultimate Real God where he had already precipitated a total of ninety-nine Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplets!

With ninety-nine Ultimate Divine Power Water Droplets, the amount of Divine Power that he possessed was many times more than that of an Emperor God.

With such a great amount of Divine Power appearing continuously to replace the dissipated Divine Power, it hindered the coldness madly. At the same time, it was also depleting the power of the coldness continuously. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

“I must block it at all costs!”

Jian Wushuang closed his eyes tightly and he was roaring furiously in his heart.

At the same time that his Ultimate Divine Power was blocking the corrosion from the coldness, his Divine Power was also being depleted at a shocking speed. Such a rate of depletion was even faster than when he had unleashed the Secret Skill of Dragon Blood with his full power.

After just a short amount of time, he had already depleted ninety percent of the Ultimate Divine Power in his body!

Finally… the coldness dissipated gradually. Jian Wushuang’s body which was close to being completely frozen also turned back to normal slowly.

“I have blocked it,” Jian Wushuang was panting heavily and he still had lingering fears.

It was ninety percent of his Divine Power!

Although he had such a vast amount of Divine Power, he had still depleted ninety percent of it in one go to block the coldness.

However, if it were someone else… for example, for the four Sir Gods who were killed by the coldness of the ancient flood dragon, their Divine Power would be less than one-hundredth of Jian Wushuang’s Divine Power. Hence, they would absolutely be unable to block the corrosion from the coldness.

If it were an Emperor God, he would be unable to block it as well.

Only Jian Wushuang could block it with his vast amount of Divine Power.

Even though that was the case, under the corrosion of the coldness, his internal organs had sustained great damage like never before. In addition, his body and mind were totally exhausted.

He then spit out a big mouthful of blood. His aura had become extremely weak and it was at rock bottom.

“He’s actually not dead?” the black-armored shadow could not help but be surprised. As for the ancient flood dragon under him, it gave a roar and it seemed to be furious.

The One-Star Man heaved a sigh of relief and said loudly: “Little kid, this battlefield is not a place that you can stay at. Let me send you out of here first. Don’t resist.”

After speaking, a big hand from the giant shadow of the One-Star Man was swung out and it headed toward Jian Wushuang straight away.

Jian Wushuang naturally did not resist. Even if he wanted to resist, he did not have the ability to do so. In no time, he was grabbed by the One-Star Man’s big hand. After that…

“Go!”

The One-Star Man gave a cry and his big hand exerted a great amount of strength as though he was throwing a lance and he threw Jian Wushuang out.

A frightening amount of strength burst forth. Jian Wushuang then swept past the void and created a ray of light in his path. In a split second, he had disappeared from the battlefield.

Upon seeing that, the black-armored shadow could not help but be extremely furious.

“Old man, today, I shall have a proper fight with you!” a furious voice could be heard from the black-armored shadow.

“Haha, we are both shadows substantiated by consciousness and we are also under many restrictions. Who is afraid of whom?” the One-Star Man was not fearful in the slightest.

Two earth-shaking experts continued to have an intense battle in the Buddhist Demon Sea.

In no time, the whole Buddhist Demon Sea was on the verge of collapsing.

…

Whoosh!

A flittering light flew by at an extremely frightening speed.

The violent sound of him sweeping past the sky was accompanied by an infinite amount of strong winds. Hence, Jian Wushuang was unable to open his eyes at all.

The speed was too fast. It was countless times faster than the speed that Jian Wushuang had escaped with when he had unleashed the Secret Skill of Dragon Blood with his full power.

It should be known that his current speed was not unleashed by him. Instead, the speed came from the One-Star Man throwing him out.

He even had no idea when he would stop. Thus, he could only resign himself to fate.

Time passed by and close to 7 minutes time had passed. However, Jian Wushuang’s body had still not come to a stop yet.

At that time, he was already extremely far away from the battlefield from before.

At the void at the edge of the Buddhist Demon Sea in the Sixth Lair, there were three shadows moving about slowly.

“This is the edge of the Buddhist Demon Sea. The Buddhist Demon Sea is a great forbidden area of the Sixth Lair. While it is alright for us to travel at the edge, we must absolutely not enter it,” a hale and hearty gray-robed old man explained.

“I have heard of the Buddhist Demon Sea before as well. It is said that if a Real God were to enter the Buddhist Demon Sea, he would definitely die. However, Sir God Qian Lan, with your abilities, it should not be a problem for you to travel inside,” the young man with slightly pale skin mocked.

“Haha, don’t flatter me. I am certain of my own abilities. For the Buddhist Demon Core, if there is no need to, it is better to not go in randomly,” the hale gray-robed old man who was Sir God Qian Lan from the Soaring Heaven King Palace laughed.

As for the pale-skinned young man, he was Real God Han Quan of the Soaring Heaven King Palace. As for the last person, he was another Real God of the Soaring Heaven King Palace who was in the Real God ranking list and his name was Real God Ying Yun.

One Sir God and two experts from the Real God ranking list. With such a lineup in the Sixth Lair, as long as they did not look for trouble by going into a forbidden area like the Buddhist Demon Sea, they could probably go anywhere they wanted.

Then…

Whoosh!

All of a sudden, a sound of something sweeping in the sky could be heard. Moreover, the sound was getting louder and louder.

“Eh?”

Sir God Qian Lan and the two other people looked at the source of the sound immediately. They then saw a flittering light being shot out from the Buddhist Demon Sea with a shocking speed by chance.

The flittering light was moving at an extremely fast speed and it swept past the void beside the three of them in an instant.

“This is…” Sir God Qian Lan and the two other people opened their eyes wide.

“What a fast speed. What is that flittering light from just now?” Real God Han Quan said, dumbfounded.

The speed of the flittering light was too fast. It was so fast that all of them, including Sir God Qian Lan, did not manage to get a clear look at what exactly it was.

“With such a fast speed and that it came from within the Buddhist Demon Sea, no matter what it is, we should follow it and take a look,” Sir God Qian Lan and the two other people started to move immediately.

They followed the direction where the flittering light was shot to and headed over quickly.

If the flittering light had maintained its frightening speed, with just the three of them, they would definitely be unable to catch up to it for their whole life. However, after the flittering light left the Buddhist Demon Sea, its speed began to decrease at once.

In no time, the flittering light came to a complete stop at a piece of void.

After the flittering light dissipated, a shadow appeared. This shadow… was Jian Wushuang.