Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1753: The Seventh Level

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

In the blink of an eye, Jian Wushuang had already been in seclusion for five hundred years.

In a secret room in the Sword Star.

“King of Venomous Worms, your speed of recovery is really slow. Even though it has already been five hundred years, you have still not precipitated a single Ancient God Star,” Jian Wushuang complained.

“It will be soon. At most, it will take another hundred years for the first Ancient God Star to be restored,” The King of Venomous Worms’ voice echoed in Jian Wushaung mind. “Jian Wushuang, you should be content with your current situation. Do you think that it is so easy to restore the Ancient God Stars?”

“Fortunately, I have already transformed into a Full-foot Plenilune and my speed of recovery is many times faster than before. If not, under normal circumstances, when all six Ancient God Stars of a Six-star Royal Ancient God are destroyed, even with a Plenilune helping you to recover with its full power, it would at least take tens of thousands of years for you to recover to your peak.”

“Tens of thousands of years?” Jian Wushuang clicked his tongue in admiration.

He had heard from the King of Venomous Worms a long time ago that the cost of using the Star Destruction Skill was extremely high for Ancient Gods. If not for them giving their all, the Ancient Gods would absolutely not use it easily.

Moreover, even if they were to use it, under normal circumstances, they would only destroy one or two stars.

Only lunatics would destroy six stars in one go.

It was only because of the fact that Jian Wushuang was forced into a situation where he had no choice but to destroy six stars in one go.

“King of Venomous Worms, with your speed, how long will it take to restore all six stars?” Jian Wushuang could not help but ask.

“It will not take long. It will probably take about seven to eight thousand years of time for me to restore them. Jian Wushuang, do you think that you have the right to complain? These six stars do not require you to precipitate them slowly. Instead, it is purely dependent on me working desperately hard to restore them. Even with this, are you still not satisfied?” the King of Venomous Worms said with dissatisfaction.

Jian Wushuang could not help but laugh.

Plenilunes were born together with an Ancient God. To Ancient Gods, Plenilunes were extremely important.

They did not merely help in terms of recovering Divine Power and injuries. Moreover, even the destroyed Ancient God Stars were dependent on the Plenilunes to restore them.

If the Ancient Gods were to rely on themselves to restore the Ancient God Stars, it would not be as simple as tens of thousands of years. Instead, it might even take hundreds of thousands of years.

As for the five hundred years that Jian Wushuang had been in seclusion, it was the King of Venomous Worms who had done his best to help him restore the destroyed Ancient God Star. As for Jian Wushuang, he had placed most of his attention in that one shocking palm in his head.

That palm was the opportunity that the super expert, One-Star Man, had bestowed upon him in the Buddhist Demon Sea.

Extermination Palm of Reincarnation!

This palm contained an infinite amount of Reincarnation Power.

To Jian Wushuang, this palm was so profound that it was impressive.

During the past five hundred years, he had been doing his utmost best to comprehend the palm. However, he had only managed to scratch its surface.

However, even though he had only scratched the surface, he was still over the moon.

“Extermination Palm of Reincarnation. This palm seemed to contain the whole Reincarnation Doctrine,” Jian Wushuang murmured. He then closed his eyes again and the shocking palm appeared in his head again.

Jian Wushuang also continued to comprehend.

As he comprehended, he absorbed the pure power that the Demon Cores contained at the same time. Hence, he lost no time in doing both things at the same time.

After all, it was very easy to absorb the Demon Cores as he only needed to leave a small bit of his consciousness outside.

Time passed by slowly. In a flash, another one thousand and five hundred years passed.

In the secret room, Jian Wushuang had closed his eyes and he was sitting down with his legs crossed. However, from his right palm, a vast amount of Reincarnation Power had emerged.

Jian Wushuang’s level of comprehension of the Reincarnation Doctrine had already achieved the top of the sixth level of the Doctrine Palace. Hence, he could control a great amount of Reincarnation power.

At that moment, Jian Wushuang swung his right hand, which contained a vast amount of Reincarnation Power, toward the void in front of him. He had unleashed this movement according to the way of using the shocking palm in his head.

After comprehending with great effort for two thousand years, although he was unable to fully comprehend the real secrets within the palm, he could already just about use the move itself.

Every time that he swung his palm, Jian Wushuang did not use his Divine Power. Many palm prints that contained Reincarnation Power were unleashed and it would shake the void every time it was unleashed.

Jian Wushuang was practicing repeatedly. During this period of time, it was unknown how many times he had repeated the same movement.

However, all of a sudden… buzz!

A palm print materialized completely at the void in front of Jian Wushuang and it was sent out with a great amount of power.

Rustle~~~ Although it did not contain any Divine Power, the palm still created many ripples in the void and it almost broke open the void completely.

Jian Wushuang’s eyes, which had been closed tightly, finally opened and a delighted expression emerged from his eyes.

“There’s finally something,” Jian Wushuang was over the moon.

Over the past two thousand years, he had been studying and comprehending the shocking palm in his head intensively. All he wanted to do was to grasp how to use the palm for real.

However, after practicing many times and studying intensively for a long period of time, he was still unable to bring forth the hidden secrets in the palm in the end. Hence, he was totally unable to do it the same way as the palm where he would combine a great amount of Reincarnation Power perfectly and unleash a frightening amount of power.

Against that, Jian Wushuang could not do anything. He knew that it was almost impossible for him to learn how to use the palm. At the very least, it was impossible for him at that moment. Hence, he could only mimic it.

He would mimic the palm to the best of his abilities. He would mimic the way it was used and also mimic some special secrets that the palm contained.

After studying intensively for hundreds of years and practicing for countless times, he had finally managed to imitate it with some difficulty.

As soon as he imitated it successfully, Jian Wushuang realized that the conditions were ripe and his comprehension of the Reincarnation Doctrine achieved a whole new level. Putting it another way, he had opened up a new door.

“The seventh level of the Doctrine Palace!” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were glowing brilliantly.

He could feel that the amount of Reincarnation power that he could control had risen like never before.

Such a kind of improvement was a transformation in terms of quality and it was completely different from before.

For him to have such a change meant that his comprehension of the Reincarnation Doctrine had made a breakthrough. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

He had reached the seventh level of the Doctrine Palace from his original level of being at the top of the sixth level of the Doctrine Palace!

Although it seemed to be only one step between these two levels, the gap between them was like heaven and earth.

It must be known that even if one were extremely talented in comprehension, the sixth level of the Doctrine Palace was still at the level of a Real God.

As for the seventh level of the Doctrine Palace… it was the level of an Almighty!

“My comprehension of the Reincarnation Doctrine and Spacetime Doctrine have both achieved the top of the sixth level already. Moreover, I am more proficient in comprehending the Spacetime Doctrine. Hence, I originally thought that even if I were to make a breakthrough in the future, my Spacetime Doctrine would definitely be the first one to make a breakthrough. However, I did not expect my Reincarnation Doctrine to actually make a breakthrough first,” Jian Wushuang laughed.

Since his Reincarnation Doctrine had made a breakthrough to achieve the seventh level of the Doctrine Palace, his abilities would skyrocket. At the very least, his attack power would achieve a new level.

However, if his Spacetime Doctrine were to make a breakthrough, it would probably influence his abilities to a greater extent.

“No matter what, it’s a good thing for me to have made a breakthrough. Moreover, I have barely managed to mimic that palm. Let me have a try.”

Jian Wushuang was excited and he raised his palm again. This time around, his palm did not only contain a vast amount of Reincarnation Power. Instead, it also contained a small bit of Divine Power.

In a split second, he swung his palm.