Chapter 1755: Come Out Of Seclusion

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“I remember that back then, Real God Wu Bei has said before that he knew where the training method for the Seventh Step of an Inverse Cultivator was. However, it’s a pity that that person is very reserved and old. Hence, Real God Wu Bei did not even have a chance to interact with him.” Jian Wushuang said, “For such a reserved expert, he must be someone who can shake the world and the Palace Master should know about him. After coming out of seclusion, I will have to go and ask him.”

After thinking about that, Jian Wushuang calmed his mind down completely.

After that, he continued to comprehend the shocking palm in his head.

“There is a unique method to use this palm and it includes a method to use the Reincarnation Power as well. Although it’s a palm skill, it can only be applied to Sword Principles,” Jian Wushuang closed his eyes.

No matter what shocking moves he possessed, he would never forget that he was a person who studied the sword.

Sword Principles were his root.

For example, learning how to use the Reincarnation Palm by mimicking and studying the shocking palm was only for the sake of paving a way for him to study his Sword Principles.

It was only by studying the palm in his head thoroughly that he could slowly develop it and create a Sword Principle that belonged to him.

Jian Wushuang continued to comprehend and the King of Venomous Worms also continued to restore his Ancient God Stars.

It was extremely difficult to restore the Ancient God Stars, especially if all six stars were destroyed.

Even with a Full-foot Plenilune like the King of Venomous Worms helping him to restore the Ancient God Stars with its full power, it would still require a very long time.

Jian Wushuang had been prepared for it for a long time.

Time passed by quickly…

In a flash, Jian Wushuang had been in seclusion for a total of seven thousand and eight hundred years.

In the secret room, Jian Wushuang was still sitting down with his legs crossed. In the space between his eyebrows, there were originally five Ancient God Stars. At present, the sixth dark golden Ancient God Star had started to precipitate slowly and such a kind of precipitation carried on for more than half a month before the Ancient God Star had completely precipitated out.

“It’s finally done.”

The King of Venomous Worms’ voice echoed in Jian Wushuang’s head and its voice was filled with fatigue.

“King of Venomous Worms, thank you very much,” Jian Wushuang said gratefully.

He was grateful from the bottom of his heart.

At the same time, he was also glad that he had a battle companion like the King of Venomous Worms who could fight side by side with him.

Over the time the King of Venomous Worms lived inside his body, the King of Venomous Worms had given him a lot of help. Even though he already possessed the fighting capabilities of an Almighty and he was not considered weak among the Almighties, the King of Venomous Worms was still able to help him considerably. Be it the intense battles in the Buddhist Demon Sea back then, or the experts of the Soaring Heaven King Palace who he helped to stop, the King of Venomous Worms had assisted him greatly.

For example, for the past few years, the restoration of his Ancient God Stars and the recovery of the injuries in his body had all been dependent on the power of the King of Venomous Worms alone.

If he did not have the King of Venomous Worms, he would have died many times. Moreover, the injuries in his body as well as the destroyed Ancient God Stars would also not have taken such a short period of time to recover.

“There is no need to stand on ceremony. If you really want to thank me, please make a breakthrough and become an Almighty as early as possible. I am excited just thinking about an Inverse Cultivator at the level of an Almighty,” the King of Venomous Worms said.

Jian Wushuang could not help but laugh.

“With the seclusion this time around, my injuries and abilities have completely recovered. Moreover, I have made a breakthrough to Stage Three Ultimate Real God and the comprehension of my Reincarnation Doctrine has achieved the seventh level of the Doctrine Palace. Furthermore, I have managed to come up with the Reincarnation Palm by comprehending and studying intensively. In terms of my Sword Principles, they have also improved considerably. I can say that my gains are really huge.”

“The only thing that I feel is that it is a pity that my comprehension of the Spacetime Doctrine is still at the top of the sixth level of the Doctrine Palace,” Jian Wushuang muttered.

The Spacetime Doctrine was closely related to the Hong Jun Golden Swords and Moon Picking Skill.

As soon as it made a breakthrough, it would affect his abilities as a whole greatly.

However, it was a pity that such a breakthrough was not something that he could achieve even though he wanted it.

For example, for the comprehension of the Reincarnation Doctrine, he was fortunate enough to obtain an opportunity that was bestowed upon him by the One-Star Man. By comprehending the shocking palm which contained an infinite amount of Reincarnation Power in his mind, he came to a realization and made a breakthrough as a result. However, in terms of the Spacetime Doctrine, he did not come across any opportunity.

“Since my gains are extremely huge, I am satisfied. It’s time for me to come out of seclusion,” Jian Wushuang laughed.

On that very day, Jian Wushuang, who had secluded himself in the secret room for a total of seven thousand and eight hundred years, finally came out of seclusion.

For the battle in the Buddhist Demon Sea back then, only a few people who were the higher-ups of the Lineage of Star knew about it. However, they did not make this information public. Hence, when Jian Wushuang secluded himself and came out of seclusion, it did not cause any huge commotion.

In a cave which was completely composed of special gems, Jian Wushuang and Hall Master Yuan sat together and there was good wine and delicious food in front of them.

“Jian Wushuang, congratulations. Not only did you recover from your injuries, your abilities have increased greatly as well,” Hall Master Yuan laughed.

When Hall Master Yuan saw Jian Wushuang for the first time after he came out of seclusion, he could tell that Jian Wushuang was extremely different from before he had secluded himself.

After asking him, Hall Master Yuan came to know that Jian Wushuang had made a huge breakthrough during his seclusion. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

“Before your seclusion, you could destroy the Killing Formation of Nine Cuts that was formed by five Sir Gods teaming up. But now, your abilities are definitely stronger. Which level have you really achieved?” Hall Master Yuan could not help but ask.

“I should be invincible among Sir Gods. Even if I were to come across a normal Emperor God, I should be able to fight with him head-on,” Jian Wushuang laughed.

“Invincible among Sir Gods?” Hall Master Yuan’s eyes brightened up a once.

He knew what kind of person Jian Wushuang was. Since he had dared to say that, it meant that he was absolutely sure of it.

“That’s great. There’s finally another super existence who can intimidate the Eternal Chaotic World in the Lineage of Star,” Hall Master Yuan was over the moon.

In the Eternal Chaotic World, an Almighty was already considered someone with great authority.

However, to a top, big powerhouse like the Lineage of Star, only Emperor God-level fighting capabilities could intimidate everyone. As for Sir Gods… they still did not have the right to do so.

Previously, the Lineage of Star had only had the Star Palace Master, the only Emperor God. However, due to the Secret Skill of Star Palace, the Star Palace Master was a huge deterrent.

However, putting the Star Palace Master aside, the Lineage of Star only had two Almighties and they were Hall Master Shi Yun and Hall Master Gu Xin. Moreover, they were only Sir Gods. To other big powerhouses who were similar to the Soaring Heaven King Palace, such Sir Gods were not much of a deterrent.

However, with the emergence of Jian Wushuang, a top expert who was invincible among Sir Gods and could also compete with Emperor Gods, it was also enough to intimidate everyone.

To the Lineage of Star, it was something significant.

“Hall Master Yuan, I came to find you as I wanted to ask you a question,” Jian Wushuang said abruptly.

“Tell me more about it,” Hall Master Yuan laughed.

“You also know that I have achieved the highest level of a Real God and if I were to take another step forward, I would be going for Almighty. However, to make a breakthrough to Almighty, I first need to obtain the training method for the Seventh Step of an Inverse Cultivator. Hence, do you know who possesses this method?” Jian Wushuang asked.

Although Hall Master Yuan was not an Almighty, his identity was very special. The big and small matters in the Lineage of Star, as well as many matters of the Sanctuary Alliance, were all taken care of by him. Comparing judgement levels, his level of judgement was not inferior to a normal Emperor God. Therefore, he would know who possessed the Seventh Step of an Inverse Cultivator.

“The training method of the Seventh Step of an Inverse Cultivator?” Hall Master Yuan squinted his eyes. After muttering to himself for some time, he nodded his head slowly, “Indeed, I know who possesses this method. However, it will be extremely difficult for you to obtain the training method from him.”