Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1767: The Arrival Of An Emperor God

“Ah!”

Seeing that the brawny man was killed easily, although Sir God Qing Fu was in great sorrow, he felt even more helpless.

Even with the Formation of Everlasting Green that was unleashed with four Sir Gods teaming up, Jian Wushuang was still able to break through it. At that moment, there was no power within the Soaring Heaven Mansion which could stop Jian Wushuang.

As for Jian Wushuang, he continued his massacre and even Almighties were easily killed by him. Hence, the Real Gods of the Soaring Heaven King Palace were even more powerless and more than half of them were massacred after a short amount of time. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

“Stop it!!!”

A furious cry could be heard and it resounded across the universe.

When Sir God Qing Fu, who had a ghastly-pale expression and was filled with sorrow, heard the cry, he raised his head immediately and his eyes shone brilliantly.

“He’s here. He’s finally here!” Sir God Qing Fu clenched both his fists tightly and he cried tears of joy.

After the loud cry was heard, three figures which emitted shocking aura flew over hastily and they appeared in the sky of the Soaring Heaven Mansion in a split second.

Among the three of them, the person in front was a golden-robed man. The golden-robed man had a huge amount of aura and it was many times more than the aura of anyone who was present. He was one of the two important people of the Soaring Heaven King Palace… Emperor God Tian Xiao.

As for the two people behind Emperor God Tian Xiao, they were the other two top Sir Gods of the Soaring Heaven King Palace.

Jian Wushuang had gotten reliable information since a long time ago. He knew that in the Soaring Heaven King Palace, apart from the two Emperor Gods, there were three top Sir Gods and Sir God Qing Fu was one of them.

At that moment, the Soaring Heaven King Palace’s Emperor God Tian Xiao, as well as its three top Sir Gods, were all present.

However, when they arrived, the Soaring Heaven Mansion was already stained with so much blood that a blood river could be formed and it was filled with bodies. It was just like the Asura Hell!

Among many experts of the Soaring Heaven King Palace who were inside the Soaring Heaven Mansion, three of the four Sir God experts who were of a high level were killed on the spot and only Sir God Qing Fu remained alive.

As for the remaining Real Gods and Universe Gods, more than seventy percent of them were killed by Jian Wushuang and only a small number of them managed to escape.

Upon seeing that, the three figures who had arrived were extremely terrified In particular, the bodies of the three Almighties were worrisome.

The Soaring Heaven Mansion was the second base of the Soaring Heaven King Palace. Moreover, it was an existence which oversaw a land and it was extremely important to the Soaring Heaven King Palace.

When they knew that Jian Wushuang had appeared in the Sea Continent and that he had also killed Sir God Chi Xing with a flip of his palm, the Soaring Heaven King Palace paid close attention to him. Previously in the base of the Soaring Heaven King Palace, Emperor God Tian Xiao was discussing how to kill Jian Wushuang. However, never did they expect Jian Wushuang to take the initiative to charge into the Soaring Heaven Mansion before they could even take action.

Moreover, after just a short amount of time, he had completely defeated all the power that the Soaring Heaven Mansion had by himself and massacred everyone wantonly.

Even though Emperor God Tian Xiao had hurried over via a wormhole at once, he was still too slow in terms of speed.

An unprecedented blow had already been dealt to the Soaring Heaven King Palace.

It was alright for those Real Gods and Universe Gods to die. After all, the Soaring Heaven King Palace had a great background. Hence, losing some Real Gods and Universe Gods were considered nothing as they would recover from it completely after some time of nurturing. However, it was different for Almighties.

During this battle, Jian Wushuang had killed three of their Almighties. By adding Sir God Chi Xing from before, it was a total of four of them.

It should be known that there was only a total of eleven Almighties in the whole Soaring Heaven King Palace and any of them was a super existence who could frighten everyone. However, in just a short amount of time, Jian Wushuang had killed more than one third of them!

Since the Soaring Heaven King Palace was founded, when had they ever suffer such huge losses?

“Emperor God Tian Xiao, you were really slow in coming here,” Jian Wushuang stood while holding his sword and he was looking at the three experts who had come proudly.

Even though Emperor God Tian Xiao had come personally, he was still not fearful in the slightest.

“Jian Wushuang, I swear that I will definitely skin you alive, tear open your bones, throw you into the ninth level of the Soaring Heaven King Palace’s prison and torture you for millions upon millions of years so that it is possible for you to neither live nor die!!!” An extremely cold voice could be heard from Emperor God Tian Xiao and an unprecedented amount of murderous intent burst forth from him.

“Haha, skin me alive and tear open my bones? With just the few of you?” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were filled with contempt.

Among the many Almighties of the Soaring Heaven King Palace, only Emperor God Tian Ling, who travelled in the Second Lair throughout the year, could make Jian Wushuang feel fearful. As for the other people, which included the Emperor God Tian Xiao who was in front of him, they were unable to make Jian Wushuang feel fearful.

“Little kid, die!”

Emperor God Tian Xiao did not say any unnecessary things and an infinite amount of murderous intent burst forth from him. In an instant, the whole universe was as if it had entered a storm that was composed of murderous intent.

As Emperor God Tian Xiao’s body moved, an ancient hammer which glowed with dim, green light appeared in his hands.

The green hammer was emitting thick power and it made Jian Wushuang squint his eyes as soon as it appeared.

“Emperor God Tian Xiao is rumored to have two Chaos Divine Treasure. One of them is the armor that he is wearing and the other should be the big hammer that he is holding,” Jian Wushuang muttered and he was not frightened in the slightest.

Swish! Jian Wushuang’s body moved instantly.

“Secret Skill of Da Leiyuan, Star Destroying Thunder!”

Emperor God Tian Xiao gave a furious cry and the ancient hammer in his hands emitted a great amount of green light.

Rays of green light flooded the universe and they became a giant shadow. The shadow was filled with thunderbolt power and it was just like an unmatched thunder god. He was holding a big hammer with one hand tightly and as the big hands moved, an infinite amount of thunderbolt power gathered. After that, the big hammer was swung out fiercely.

Rumble~~~ The heavens fell and the earth cracked.

For the large number of cultivators who had already retreated extremely far away, when they saw the green big hammer being swung down, all of them were shocked and dumbfounded.

“This is the power of an Emperor God!!!”

“An Emperor God, a real Emperor God!”

“Too strong, this power is too strong.”

Countless people cried out in alarm.

Even Sir God Qing Fu as well as the other two top Sir Gods from Soaring Heaven King Palace exclaimed in admiration.

Although Sir Gods and Emperor Gods were only one step away from one another, the gap between them was like heaven and earth.

For example, for the Formation of Everlasting Green which was unleashed previously when Sir God Qing Fu had teamed up with the three Sir Gods who had already fallen, it could only barely compete against a normal Emperor God. However, such an Emperor God referred to those Emperor Gods who had just made a breakthrough and their abilities were considered the weakest among the Emperor Gods.

As for Emperor God Tian Xiao, as one of the founders of the Soaring Heaven King Palace, he possessed many powerful Secret Skills and his abilities were considered extremely out of the ordinary among the Emperor Gods. In addition, he possessed two Chaos Divine Treasures. As such, he could definitely be considered someone powerful among the Emperor Gods.

With such a super existence taking action personally, Sir God Qing Fu and the two other Sir Gods became even more confident.

“No matter how strong Jian Wushuang is, he is still a Real God in the end. Although an Inverse Cultivator is nature-defying, it does not mean that he is invincible. Hence, killing many Sir Gods while being a Real God should be his limit. Therefore, as soon as he encounters an Emperor God… no matter what trump card he has, he will no doubt die!”

“That’s right. This Jian Wushuang is dead for sure!”

“Since Emperor God Tian Xiao has taken action personally, there will no longer for any room for him to struggle!”