Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1773: Ranking

As Jian Wushuang listened, he could not help but be visibly moved.

The Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list represented the group of top existences in the Eternal Chaotic World.

Among them, anyone could be an overlord of the Eternal Chaotic World!

“Jian Wushuang, the battle between you and Emperor God Tian Xiao has allowed you to get into the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list as well. At the same time, ever since the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list was released, you were also the first person who got into the ranking list as a Real God. As for your ranking, you can take a good look at it yourself,” Hall Master Yuan said.

Jian Wushuang browsed through the ranking in the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list carefully at once. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

First in the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list: Emperor Bai!

With regards to the first ranking, Jian Wushuang was not surprised at all.

Emperor Bai was the strongest person in the Sanctuary Alliance and he was recognized as the number one by the whole Eternal Chaotic World. He was an Almighty-level Inverse Cultivator which was a super existence who could kill Great Emperors easily.

Next…

Second: Red Dragon King

Third: Abysmal Saint Master

Fourth: Ancestor Tian Chen

Fifth: Great Emperor Zi Xu

Sixth: Colored Glaze Emperor

…

Fourteenth: Purple Moon Emperor

Fifteenth: Yan Zun

From the second to fifteenth place, all of them were Great Emperor-level super experts.

It should be known that the Sanctuary Alliance only had a total of thirteen Great Emperors. As for the two additional Great Emperors, they did not join the Sanctuary Alliance.

After the fifteen Great Emperors, there was a large number of Emperor Gods.

The Emperor God ranked sixteenth was called Underworld God.

“The Underworld God…” Jian Wushuang also looked at the information regarding the Underworld God.

The Underworld God had only become a peak expert four million years ago. To date, his training time amounted to less than five million years.

Five million years might seem very long to Jian Wushuang. However, to many of the Emperor God Almighties, five million years was considered too short.

In the Eternal Chaotic World, most of the Almighties had lived for over ten million years, while some of them had lived for tens of millions of years or even hundreds of millions of years.

For example, about the oldest person, Emperor Bai, in the Sanctuary Alliance, it was said that he was a remnant of the First Era. Hence, he had definitely lived for an extremely long period of time already.

As for the Underworld God, he was able to make it into the sixteenth position on the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list and become the number one among the Emperor Gods after training for less than five million years. With that, he was only inferior to the fifteen Great Emperors and one could imagine how powerful and talented he was. Moreover, previously, the Sanctuary Alliance had always thought that he was an expert who was the closest to, and also had the highest hopes of, becoming a new Great Emperor.

As for his accomplishments, they were extremely brilliant as well.

He had once competed against four top Emperor Gods by himself. In the end, he had killed two of them and seriously injured the remaining two people.

Eleven Emperor Gods had once teamed up to deploy a shocking killing formation to besiege him. In the end, he had torn the killing formation apart and killed all of them.

It was also rumored that the Underworld God had fought with a Great Emperor before. Moreover, he had lasted for a very long period of time against the Great Emperor.

With such brilliant accomplishments, even Jian Wushuang clicked his tongue in admiration when he saw it.

The Underworld God could indeed be recognized as the number one among the Emperor Gods.

“Even with four top Emperor Gods teaming up, they were still defeated by him easily. If I were to come across him, I would probably have no way of resisting,” Jian Wushuang gasped.

However, it was fortunate that the Underworld God was someone from the Sanctuary Alliance and he was not connected to the Lineage of Star in any way. Hence, he would absolutely not make trouble for Jian Wushuang for no reason.

After that, Jian Wushuang continued to look at the rankings.

For the top Emperor Gods who were behind the Underworld God, all of them had shocking abilities. However, compared to the Underworld God, their accomplishments were obviously lacking.

In no time, Jian Wushuang saw a name.

Twenty-second in the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list: Emperor God Tian Ling!

“Damn it. The strongest person in the Soaring Heaven King Palace actually has such a high ranking in the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list?” Jian Wushuang exclaimed with admiration.

The Soaring Heaven King Palace had a total of two founders who were both Emperor Gods.

Among their two Emperor Gods, Emperor God Tian Xiao oversaw the Soaring Heaven Land. As for Emperor God Tian Ling, he travelled in the Second Lair throughout the year.

Although the both of them had founded the Soaring Heaven King Palace together, in terms of abilities, Emperor God Tian Ling was a lot more powerful than Emperor God Tian Xiao.

Twenty-second in the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list. Putting the fifteen Great Emperors aside, Emperor God Tian Ling could be said to be ranked seventh out of the large number of Emperor Gods in the Eternal Chaotic World!

This was already an extremely high ranking. Not only did this mean that he stood at the very top of the Emperor Gods, this also meant that he could suppress any normal top Emperor Gods if he were to encounter them.

For example, Emperor God Tian Ling could probably kill Emperor Gods who were of a similar level to Emperor God Xue Gu.

“If this Emperor God Tian Ling were to come out of the Second Lair and hunt me down, he would definitely be a threat to me. However… I have many trump cards with me. If I were to really go all out, he might not be able to do anything against me,” Jian Wushuang murmured. He was extremely confident in the great number of trump cards he possessed.

Jian Wushuang continued to look at the rankings further back.

When he reached the thirty-first position of the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list, his eyes paused again. At the same time, he revealed a smile.

The person in the thirty-first position was the most important person in the Lineage of Star, the Star Palace Master!

“Although the Palace Master’s abilities are unable to match the abilities of Emperor God Tian Ling, he is not too far away from him. Moreover, the Palace Master’s trump card is even more powerful,” Jian Wushuang laughed.

The information on the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list also mentioned about the Star Palace Master, strongest trump card, the Secret Skill of Star Palace. As soon as it was unleashed, he could kill many Emperor Gods. Even if it were the Underworld God who was ranked first among the Emperor Gods, for a short amount of time, he could only take evasive measures.

“The Palace Master has also cultivated the second volume of the Secret Skill of Seven Star (Secret Skill of Star Palace). As soon as he unleashes it, his power will rise by a hundred times. Within a breath’s time, the fighting capabilities that he can unleash will indeed rival that of a normal Great Emperor,” Jian Wushuang said.

Jian Wushuang continued looking at the rankings.

When he saw the forty-eighth position, his expression changed abruptly.

The person in the forty-eighth position of the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list was Emperor God Xue Gu!

“Emperor God Xue Gu is indeed very powerful and he is already extremely close to the top of an Emperor God. Hence, it is normal for him to be ranked forty-eighth. The thing is… he is already dead?” Jian Wushuang had a puzzled expression.

He knew that Emperor God Xue Gu had died in the Buddhist Demon Sea. However, only him as well as a few people in the Lineage of Star knew about this. Moreover, the Lineage of Star did not make this piece of news public. As such, the Sanctuary Alliance still had no idea that Emperor God Xue Gu had already died. Therefore, they still included his name on the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list.

Emperor God Xue Gu was ranked forty-eighth. As for Emperor God Tian Xiao, he was ranked fifty-sixth as his abilities were weaker than those of Emperor God Xue Gu.

“When I fought with Emperor God Tian Xiao head-on, I was never at a disadvantage. As such, I was able to get onto the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list. Since Emperor God Tian Xiao is ranked fifty-sixth, my ranking should be extremely close to his,” Jian Wushuang muttered.

“As expected…”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes brightened up. He had already seen his own name.

Sixty-first in the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list: Jian Wushuang, a Real God Inverse Cultivator!