Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1774: Never-Ending Massacre

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“They even gave a clear indication of my realm and my identity as an inverse cultivator,” Jian Wushuang smiled. As for his battle achievements… RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

They didn’t even bring up the incident where he had severely injured Sir God Qian Lan in the Eighth Lair, only his battle achievement on Sea Continent.

He’d killed Sir God Chi Xing with one palm.

Barged into Soaring Heaven Mansion alone. Broke the Formation of Everlasting Green formed by four Sir Gods and killed three of them.

At the end, he was well-matched with Sir God Tian Xiao.

“Such a battle achievement is more than enough to be listed on Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list. However, to be in the sixty-first place, I’m afraid it isn’t convincing enough,” Jian Wushuang rubbed his nose.

He had fought with Sir God Tian Xiao. Although the fight was too close to call, it was because it was too close to call that it was hard to determine.

After all, those who didn’t watch the battle, how would they know if Sir God Tian Xiao gave his all? And how would they know if Jian Wushuang was severely injured in the battle?

In short, it was rather unconvincing to be in the sixty-first place with such a battle achievement.

“Who cares. If there was anyone who is unhappy with it, I’ll fight with them until they are convinced,” Jian Wushuang smiled.

Those listed further down the list were ordinary Emperor Gods and some top Sir Gods who could be evenly-matched with Emperor Gods. The list ended at the 132nd place. Among the one hundred and thirty-two Heaven and Earth Supremes, there were fifteen Great Emperor and eighty-one Emperor Gods, and the rest were top Sir Gods.

It should be all the higher-ups in Eternal Chaotic World.

Even if there were some hidden experts, there shouldn’t be a lot of them.

And of course, the experts under the command of a hidden dark force like Holocaust Sect and Acheron Palace wouldn’t be included in Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list.

After Jian Wushuang skimmed through the ranking list, he let out a heavy sigh.

“I never expected that there would be so many experts in Eternal Chaotic World. There were fifteen Great Emperors and eighty-one Emperor Gods,” Jian Wushuang muttered, “Although my fighting power enabled me to be listed on Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list, I was merely in the sixty-first place. Although I am at the peak of the pyramid in Eternal Chaotic World, I am not the strongest!”

“Only if I continuously breakthrough and step foot on the seventh step of inverse cultivation as soon as possible, then I can become an Almighty. By then, I should be able to compare favorably with the Great Emperor. By then, I will have the capital to run wild in Eternal Chaotic World. As of now, I am far from that.”

Then, Jian Wushuang stood up as he looked into the distance.

At the end of his view, there was a huge mountain. The mountain had an Aryadeva Crystal vein which was extremely rare. The crystal vein had been conquered by Soaring Heaven King Palace. They had more than twenty Real Gods, including three Chaotic Real Gods who attended to garrison duty all year round.

Swoosh!

Jian Wushuang plunged and he arrived in the void above the mountain after a short while.

The moment he appeared, rumble. An enormous amount of divine might spread across like the anger of the universe.

Divine might and divine power compensated one another. Jian Wushuang’s divine power was parallel to an Emperor God’s. Hence, the divine might was naturally at the Emperor God level.

As the terrifying divine might spread across the mountain, the cultivators in the mountain suddenly shivered in fear under the divine might.

“Within the range of my soul power, there are a total of twenty-three Real Gods. These Real Gods are all from Soaring Heaven King Palace!”

“Real Gods from Soaring Heaven King Palace have to die!”

Jian Wushuang harbored intense murderous intention and he immediately started a massacre.

That day, Jian Wushuang came to the mountain and killed the twenty-three Real Gods of Soaring Heaven King Palace who guard the mountain in less than ten breaths’ time. He killed all of them without leaving anyone alive.

…

Half a month later, Jian Wushaung appeared in a palace branch of Soaring Heaven King Palace on Sea Continent.

Before countless cultivators’ gazes, Jian Wushuang broke the palace branch into pieces with one palm. At the same time, he crushed the palace branch into dust.

There were many experts in the palace branch, including ten Real Gods. All of them died. Only the disciples who were weaker escaped by luck.

…

Three months later, on a huge island that was sealed off from the outside world.

Jian Wushuang was in his crimson robe and he harbored boundless murderous intention. He took a stride forward and he wielded his sword. He cut the island into two, then he swung his sword across. He killed all the Real Gods on the island.

…

Six months later, three Real Gods from Soaring Heaven King Palace returned to Soaring Heaven Land from other places. Before they arrived in Soaring Heaven King Palace, they met a swordsman in a crimson robe.

The swordsman in a crimson robe only asked if the three of them were from Soaring Heaven King Palace.

The three of them answered ‘yes’, then the swordsman in crimson robe pointed and killed the three Real Gods instantly.

One year later.

…

Massacre!

A never-ending blood bath.

Jian Wushuang had turned into Death himself. He first started in Sea Continent then to Soaring Heaven Land that Soaring Heaven King Palace ruled over the years. He massacred the experts from Soaring Heaven King Palace all over. Whenever Jian Wushuang launched an attack, it would be experts from Soaring Heaven King Palace that were the level of Real Gods or higher. They stood almost no chance of escape.

As for Universe Gods, those who were weak could escape but those Universe Gods who were stronger would be killed by Jian Wushuang mercilessly.

Regardless of Sea Continent or Soaring Heaven Land, the territories that Soaring Heaven King Palace conquered were in a bloodbath carried out by Jian Wushuang.

According to incomplete statistics, in the ten years, the number of Real Gods from Soaring Heaven King Palace that were killed by Jian Wushuang was more than several hundreds. Among, there were over thirty Eternal Real Gods and more than a dozen Chaotic Real Gods.

It had only been ten years!

The terrifying massacre shook the two pieces of land and shook the entire Sanctuary Alliance. It also shocked countless cultivators in Eternal Chaotic World.

“Death!”

“Demon!”

“Madman!”

All the titles fell upon Jian Wushuang.

At first, they were in awe of Jian Wushuang’s power. But then, the experts were terrified by Jian Wushuang’s brutality and massacre skills.

Luckily, Jian Wushuang was only aiming at Soaring Heaven King Palace. Hence, not everyone was in danger.

In the ten years, Soaring Heaven King Palace wasn’t only in defense, they tried many ways and even Emperor God Tian Xiao got involved personally. However, Jian Wushuang wasn’t weaker than Emperor God Tian Xiao. Jian Wushuang wanted to kill and Emperor God Tian Xiao couldn’t do anything about it.

He also intended to use his trump cards to kill Jian Wushuang. However, the trump cards that he could perform couldn’t kill Jian Wushuang, and the stronger ones were required to be performed within the lair of Soaring Heaven King Palace. But Jian Wushuang wasn’t stupid and he wouldn’t barge into the lair of Soaring Heaven King Palace hastily.

This also led to Jian Wushuang’s never-ending massacre. However, the higher-ups in Soaring Heaven King Palace could only watch.

Such a massacre shocked everyone.