Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1803: Reformation

The Devil Church was destroyed!

In just a few days’ time, after the thirteen Devil Bloods were massacred by Jian Wushuang and the First Devil Blood as well as Dao Yuanzi were suppressed in the Blood Mountain Sword in succession, the Devil Church was destroyed completely.

There was no room for them to struggle.

After getting to know about this piece of news, the experts of all the powerhouses in the Green Fire World rejoiced at once.

At the same time, a name which had long become a legend spread within the Green Fire World again.

This name was Jian Wushuang!

It was Jian Wushuang who had disappeared after becoming a legend fifty thousand years ago. At that time, he had returned again. As soon as he returned, he destroyed the Devil Church with lightning speed.

Within the vast palace in the Green Fire Palace, many higher-ups of the Green Fire Palace had gathered. Moreover, the person sitting at the position at the front, which was also the most central position, was Jian Wushuang. Moreover, even his throne was bigger than those of other people.

With regards to that, no one present had anything to say.

At the throne, Jian Wushuang took out a Qian Kun Ring with a flip of his palm.

“This Qian Kun Ring contains some items that I have arranged and it contains many guides starting from Dao Master to Heaven Master, Universe Master, Universe God and to Real God. These guides are very detailed. As long as the conditions are met, by following the guides, it will not be an issue for all of you to make a breakthrough to become a Universe God or a Real God. Apart from that, there are quite a number of training resources which include many cultivation techniques, Secret Skills and rare books. In addition, there are some treasures which are of great help to the comprehension of Doctrines and Unique Skills.”

“Father, I will give this Qian Kun Ring to you. In the future, please lead everyone slowly and hand down your knowledge.”

Jian Wushuang handed the Qian Kun Ring over to Jian Nantian.

Jian Nantian took the Qian Kun Ring and his eyes glowed brilliantly. As for everyone in the area, all of them revealed a delightful expression.

It should be known that in the current Green Fire World, in terms of training environment, it was not inferior to that of the Ten Sanctuaries in the Eternal Chaotic World. In such a good environment, the Green Fire World would be able to produce many genius experts continuously. Moreover, the Green Fire World was beside a huge ancient battlefield which contained an infinite amount of opportunities. Hence, they could explore it.

The environment and opportunities were already present. However, if the Green Fire World really wanted to grow, they still lacked one component and that was guidance!

In the Green Fire World, apart from Jian Wushuang, no other experts were born. Currently, the strongest person was Jian Nantian who was merely a Universe God of the Second Heaven. Moreover, it was extremely difficult for him to reach such a stage. After all, he had relied on himself to explore blindly. However, if there were a complete guide, then it would be completely different.

With the combination of such a good environment as well as opportunities, the Green Fire World’s speed of growth from then on would definitely be extremely shocking.

“It’s a pity that I did not know that the Green Fire World had already undergone such a huge change. Hence, I did not prepare enough. If not, during my trip of returning here, I could still think of ways to get even more comprehensive guides. Moreover, it will not just be from Universe Gods to Real Gods. There will also be guides for Void Real Gods to Eternal Real Gods and then Chaotic Real Gods. Furthermore, I might be able to obtain guides to become an Almighty. On top of that, I might also be able to think of some ways to get many training resources that can assist all of you,” Jian Wushuang sighed lightly.

With his current abilities, if he were willing to, it would be easy for him to create a big powerhouse easily by force. In addition, obtaining some complete guides to training as well as some training resources that acted as support or some places of opportunities that would be of great help to some geniuses would be possible as well. However, he did not prepare for it previously.

“However, there’s no rush. After all, the Green Fire World has only changed for not too long. These guides that I have left behind should be enough for the experts of the Green Fire World to make a breakthrough to become Real Gods successfully. As for the guides and resources after becoming a Real God… after a Real God has been born for real in the Green Fire World, I will return to the Lineage of Star and get some of them from Hall Master Yuan,” Jian Wushuang laughed.

“As for now, the Devil Church has been destroyed. Moreover, there are also no threats from experts from the powerhouses outside. As such, my Green Fire World will definitely enter a stage of high-speed growth. However, to allow them to grow, there definitely needs to be some form of competition. Hence, the Green Fire Palace… there must be some proper changes to it,” Jian Wushuang tapped his chair and his eyes looked down.

The large number of experts present looked at one another. All of them roughly understood Jian Wushuang’s intentions.

Presently, the Green Fire World was completely different from the past.

Jian Wushuang had seen the huge potential that the Green Fire World had. To Jian Wushuang, if the Green Fire World were to grow up completely, it might even have an opportunity to be a new Cultivation Sanctuary that was similar to the Ten Sanctuaries of the Eternal Chaotic World. Of course, before that, there was still a long way to go.

Moreover, if a powerhouse or a sect wished to grow, there should be some form of competition. This kind of competition was not just a competition against the outside. There must also be competition within them as well.

Naturally, it was the same for the Green Fire World.

Jian Wushuang’s intentions were to split up the power within the Green Fire Palace to become either many sects or powerhouses and that they would compete against one another for resources. It was only with this that the Green Fire World would be able to grow at an even faster speed.

Of course, no matter how great the competition for resources was, there would always be a premise and that was the Green Fire World having absolute authority.

Just like the Sanctuary Alliance… on normal days, the Sanctuary Alliance would not care about the competition between its powerhouses. Even if a big powerhouse were to destroy another big powerhouse, they would not care about it. However, at the critical moment, with a word from the Great Emperors who were the higher-ups of the Sanctuary Alliance, all the powerhouses in the Sanctuary Alliance would unite as one to fight for the Sanctuary Alliance!

What Jian Wushuang wanted was that.

He would transform the Green Fire Palace into a huge monster like the Sanctuary Alliance.

So that the Green Fire World would achieve the greatest level of improvement and development over the long years. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

By using one word to summarize everything, he wanted… reformations!

“Father, Boss Wang Yuan, I shall leave this matter to the both of you,” Jian Wushuang said.

“No problem,” Wang Yuan laughed.

Jian Nantian also nodded his head.

Before Jian Wushuang returned, Wang Yuan and Jian Nantian had always been the two people with the highest position in the Green Fire Palace. One of them was the number one alchemist and his elixirs had aided the breakthrough of many experts of the Green Fire Palace. As for the other person, he was the only Universe God of the Second Heaven.

With the two of them taking action, no one in the Green Fire Palace or even the whole Green Fire World would dare to go against them.

In no time, the greatest scale of reformation in the Green Fire Palace and the whole Green Fire World began.

Jian Wushuang had already stopped concerning himself with the reformation. He believed that his father and Wang Yuan would be able to take care of it well.

On that very day, under the guidance of Palace Master Yun, Jian Wushuang came to a special space.

In a dark void that was out of cultivation, there were only Jian Wushuang and Palace Master Yun. However, the front of the void that was out of cultivation was dusky. At the same time, there were also many light pearls.

For the light pearls, every one of them was extremely important. It was because of the light pearls being joined together and that they were combined in a special way that they were able to cover the whole ancient battlefield. Moreover, they had also spread all the way to the Spacetime storm nearby, which was a giant formation!

And the big formation was the Green Fire World’s greatest power!