Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1817: Passed Away!

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Ice World!

Green Fire Palace found a unique place in the ancient battlefield. It was a territory that covered a few hundred million miles.

The entire territory was covered in ice, which was extremely cold.

When the cultivators from Green Fire World found Ice World, some of them went in. However, the strongest person only walked in for ten thousand miles and he couldn’t endure the terrifying chilliness. Hence, he was forced to leave.

Over the years, there was no one who knew what was in Ice World.

Jian Wushuang descended outside Ice World then.

He stayed in Ice World for three days.

Three days later, he turned to leave. The ice in Ice World started dispersing after that. After just ten days, it had disappeared entirely.

The reason was that Jian Wushuang took the treasure that formed Ice World, a spear that was Chaotic Divine Treasure level.

After Ice World, Jian Wushuang arrived at another unique place…

Jian Wushuang wandered around the unique places in the ancient battlefield alone and searched for treasures and opportunities within.

As they were unique places, they definitely had a unique point. Every unique place he visited, Jian Wushuang would reap a bumpy harvest.

Over a few hundred years, Jian Wushuang had reaped a great harvest.

Jian Wushuang enjoyed exceptional natural advantages!

Advantages that were enough to make all experts in Eternal Chaotic World jealous.

Him alone, he conquered a vast ancient battlefield. No one was there to fight for opportunities with him.

All opportunities, as long as he could find them, they belonged to him.

How about the experts in Eternal Chaotic World? They were dying to wander in ancient battlefield. However, they could only wait. Wait for five hundred million years until the ancient mystery land comes back to life then all experts swarm in and bleed to win the opportunities.

Plus, the top experts had searched through ancient mystery land countless times. It should have run out of opportunities.

However, the ancient battlefield where Green Fire World was located in contained opportunities and treasure that were almost untouched.

In such a situation, it’d be difficult if Jian Wushuang didn’t want to gain anything.

Time flew past…

In the blink of an eye, six thousand years had passed.

Among the palaces hidden deep underground, it could also be known as underground cave dwelling.

It was at a corner of the vast ancient mystery land and the cave dwelling was named Seven Star Realm!

Among the densely concentrated palaces, there was a silver-haired elder sitting in front of a lofty palace. He was only a flag while he controlled a formation. The formation was covering a prohibition on the palace.

It was obvious that he was trying to resolve a formation with one. After so many years, the prohibition surrounding the palace had been half resolved.

“Soon, the prohibition will be resolved entirely soon,” the silver-haired elder’s eyes were shimmering with joy.

The silver-haired elder was the founder of Lineage of Star, the Master of Star Palace.

He had prepared for a total of five hundred million years for the opportunity in this lofty palace.

He had a feeling that once he grasped the opportunity in the palace, he might stand a chance to become a Great Emperor!

Hence, he spent much time on preparation.

Then, it was almost time to see the result.

Kacha! Kacha!

There was a soft noise from the void in front of him. The prohibition around the palace obviously had a lot of cracks.

“Almost,” the Master of Star Palace was excited and the power of formation in his hand flowed out again.

Hong!

The entire Seven Star Realm seemed to quiver slightly and the prohibition outside the palace finally shattered into pieces.

The door of the lofty palace immediately opened.

“Haha, done!”

The Master of Star Palace was filled with excitement. He immediately put away the formation that he had prepared, then he stood up and walked into the palace.

In the palace, there was nothing but boundless dark void.

In the dark void, there was a star!

A brilliant, complete star.

The moment the Master of Star Palace saw the star, his eyes dilated in surprise. He looked dumbfounded.

Then, the brilliant star started spinning slowly.

As it spun, boundless mysteries flowed towards the Master of Star Palace. In his head, there was suddenly a boundless comprehension.

The comprehension was too much, too vast. The Master of Star Palace immediately started to take them in and digest.

However, he was too slow in his disgust, ridiculously slow.

One should know that the mysteries in his head involved forces and powers that were far beyond his reach.

Such power wasn’t something he could control.

At the beginning, there wasn’t much and the Master of Star Palace could barely take it. However, when the power increased by a few folds to a dozen folds, the Master of Star Palace finally couldn’t take it anymore.

“No, stop. Hurry up and stop!!”

The Master of Star Palace started roaring in madness and his eyes became bloodshot.

That very moment, he could only feel that he was going to explode.

The mysteries in his head definitely could help him breakthrough and become a Great Emperor. However, he only needed something very minor, maybe just a fraction of them. However, whatever that appeared in his head was far beyond his imagination.

No extreme would hold strong for long!

It was just like a glass that could only fill a bowl of water but in the end it was forces with the entire lake.

What would the result be?

“D*mn!”

Just as the mysteries in his head reached a limit, the Master of Star Palace smiled bitterly and he felt aggrieved from the bottom of his heart.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

There were bangs from his body, the Master of Star Palace’s divine body started breaking apart very quickly.

He knew that he was going to die.

At first, he took painstaking efforts to get the opportunity in order to breakthrough and become a Great Emperor for Lineage of Star.

He had prepared for five hundred million years to set up the formation to resolve another formation. Then, he had finally resolved the prohibition surrounding the palace.

He had also obtained an opportunity.

However, he had never expected one thing, which was that the opportunity… was not something he qualified for.

Forget about him, in the second era, in the entire Eternal Chaotic World, there was no one who qualified.

The same applied to the strongest one in Sanctuary Alliance, Emperor Bai.

Before he died, the Master of Star Palace had understood that but it was too late. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

His divine body collapsed and his consciousness started dispersing. The Master of Star Palace couldn’t stop it. The only thing that he could do was to take out a few tokens.

There were messages sent.

“I am in danger in Seven Star Realm. I am doomed!”

“After I die, Jian Wushuang will be the new Palace Master for Lineage of Star. From then onwards, Lineage of Star will honor him!”

“Jian Wushuang, the rise and fall of Lineage of Star depends on you. Yuan, Gu Xin, Nie Yun, the three of you, assist him with all you can.”

After the message, there was no sound to be heard anymore.

The Master of Star Palace had died!

The mainstay of Lineage of Star had collapsed!!!

…