Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1849: Substance-Like Soul

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Before the upcoming danger, with Jian Wushuang as the backbone, the few higher-ups of the Lineage of Star were completely united.

After Hall Master Yuan, Hall Master Gu Xin and Hall Master Shi Jun had obtained a large number of Chaos Divine Treasure from Jian Wushuang. They had gotten in touch with some experts that had good conduct and also travelled alone. After that, they revealed their intentions to invite them to the Lineage of Star. Moreover, this step was carried out secretly.

Everything went on as they had expected and it was carried out step by step.

As for Jian Wushuang, he was using his full power to raise his own Soul Power. As for Jian Yi, he was doing his best to recover his abilities.

Time passed by quickly and in a flash, eight hundred years had passed.

In a secret room in the Sword Star.

“I have made it!”

Jian Wushuang opened his eyes and they were filled with delight.

In his sea of consciousness, there was originally a pile of Soul Fire that was burning vigorously. The Soul Fire had undergone a transformation to become a substance-like soul. This Substance-like Soul was also a shadow and it looked like a baby. However, its quality was completely different.

Substance-like Soul… Jian Wushuang’s Soul Power had finally made a breakthrough to achieve the level of an Almighty! Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

This stage was actually a critical stage for many Real Gods to make a breakthrough to become an Almighty. Quite a number of Real Gods had already fulfilled the conditions in other areas. However, as they were unable to form the Substance-like Soul, they were unable to make a breakthrough to become an Almighty.

However, Jian Wushuang… as an Inverse Cultivator, he had already lit the Soul Fire when he was a Dao Master. Moreover, as he had also cultivated the” Universal Dao Scripture “, his Soul Power was nurtured and hence increased continuously. As his abilities rose, his Soul Fire became more vigorous and it achieved the limit of a Real God.

After training with great effort for eight hundred years and also with the aid of many treasures, his Soul Fire finally completed its transformation.

The moment it made a breakthrough, Jian Wushuang realized that his own Substance-like Soul was a lot stronger than that of normal cultivators when they made a breakthrough to the same stage.

It was not just in terms of quality. It was also in terms of how vast the Soul Power was. When a normal cultivator had just formed his Substance-like Soul, his Substance-like Soul would at most be of the size of the fist of a baby. Moreover, it would also be invisible. It was only by continuing to improve it in the future that the Substance-like Soul would become clearer and its volume would increase as well.

However, his Substance-like Soul then was of the size of the fist of a baby and it was also extremely clear. In terms of quality, it was also a lot better.

“Perhaps this is due to me nurturing the Soul Power step by step, starting from when I was a Dao Master,” Jian Wushuang murmured.

However, no matter what, the moment his Substance-like Soul was formed, his weak point was made up for by a great extent. For him then, it would probably be difficult for the soul attack of a normal Sir God to affect him. As for an Emperor God-level soul attack… although it was still a threat to him, the threat was not as great as before.

Moreover, when he travelled alone for more than six thousand years in the ancient battlefield back then, among the large number of opportunities and treasures that he had come across, there was a special treasure. It was a ring and it was known as the Soul Ring. This Soul Ring was worn by Jian Wushuang on his hands and it should be a kind of treasure that defended the soul. However, it was a pity that it was partially destroyed and it was far from able to unleash its power when it was at its peak. However, it was still able to defend Jian Wushuang considerably.

“With the Substance-like Soul formed and the Soul Ring to act as a defense to my soul, my current soul defense is definitely not weaker than that of a normal Emperor God. Moreover, I still have time and I am still going to improve it,” Jian Wushuang laughed. In no time, he closed his eyes and continued to improve his soul.

His Substance-like Soul had just formed and it was still extremely weak. Hence, there was naturally a huge room for improvement.

Time passed by. In a flash, one thousand eight hundred years passed.

By adding the five hundred years from before, Jian Wushuang had already secluded himself in training for two thousand three hundred years. However, he had still not come out of seclusion.

Just then, in the Purple Moon Sanctuary, in another land in the Purple Moon Sanctuary which was known as the Red Glow Land.

The overlord of the Red Glow Land was the Red Glow Fairy Palace and it was a powerful powerhouse which could compete with the Lineage of Star head-on.

In the giant, ancient Fairy Palace, there were many high summits that stood upright.

At one of the peaks of the lofty summits, there was an exquisite bamboo house. In the open space in front of the bamboo house, there was a white-robed married woman who was sitting down quietly and she was knitting a green upper garment. The cloth that she used was obviously the normal kind. However, more than half of the green upper garment that was knitted was was unusually smooth. Moreover, its color was also comparable to that of a warm jade and it looked good as well.

Just then, swoosh! A purple-robed figure appeared at the summit abruptly and came before the white-robed married woman.

It was a dignified purple-robed woman and she was emitting an impressive Divine Power. She was a Sir God expert who had reached her peak.

“Mother.”

The Palace Master who took charge of the Red Glow Fairy Palace was Sir God Chi Feng and she was greeting the white-robed married woman with respect.

The white-robed married man did not turn her head to look at Sir God Chi Feng. Instead, she only cared about herself and continued to knit the clothes. However, she opened her mouth and said, “I have just gotten a report from the Great Elder and her group of people. She mentioned that our Red Glow Fairy Palace has some conflict with the Soaring Heaven King Palace during this period of time?”

“Mother knows about it already?” Sir God Chi Feng’s expression changed.

“Tell me, what is going on?” the white-robed married woman asked.

“This matter started because of Sir God Xuan Bing. Mother also knows that Sir God Xuan Bing once had a grudge against the Red Glow Fairy Palace and that the Red Glow Fairy Palace has always wanted him dead. However, now that Sir God Xuan Bing has joined the Soaring Heaven King Palace and that he has the Soaring Heaven King Palace supporting him, he totally does not care about the Red Glow Fairy Palace at all. Don’t you think that this is infuriating?” Sir God Chi Feng said.

“Sir God Xuan Bing? He has actually joined the Soaring Heaven King Palace? Moreover, the Soaring Heaven King Palace has also agreed to take him in?” the white-robed married woman revealed a surprised expression.

“Mother, you have always stayed here to train and you have never asked about the world’s affairs. Sir God Xuan Bing has been forced by the Sword Emperor of the Lineage of Star to the point that he had no way out. Hence, he decided to join the Soaring Heaven King Palace,” Sir God Chi Xing gave a simple explanation regarding what had happened during this period of time.

Especially Jian Wushuang’s wanton massacre.

After talking…

“Did you say that it is not just the Sword Emperor himself and instead, the two other Sir Gods of the Lineage of Star are also hunting some Real Gods who have a grudge against the Lineage of Star wantonly?” the white-robed married woman stopped her hand movements and she looked in the direction of Sir God Chi Feng.

“That’s right. In that period of time back then, the Lineage of Star was indeed massacring wantonly. However, perhaps due to them having gotten rid of most of the experts who travelled alone already, they had quietened down. However, not long ago, I heard that the Lineage of Star had the intention of recruiting some experts. I really have no idea what they are trying to do,” Sir God Chi Feng said.

“Oh?” the white-robed married woman raised her eyebrows. After muttering to herself for some time, she revealed a strange smile.

“I understand now. No wonder they are doing this.”