Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1859: Using Your Blood To Warn The World!

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“Jian Wushuang, die!”

Emperor God Dan Tu’s face was hideous and his eyes were filled with an infinite amount of murderous intent.

Emperor God Dan Tu was a super genius. Be it when he was a Universe God or when he was a Real God, he was praised as the number one in his realm. At that moment, he had become an Almighty and entered the realm of Emperor Gods. However, this was not his limit; he still had great potential and he could absolutely become a Peak Emperor God in the future. Moreover, it was possible for him to rival or even surpass Palace Master Wu Luo. As such, this caused him to feel extremely proud.

However, when he knew of Jian Wushuang’s existence as well as his accomplishments, he could no longer remain calm.

Jian Wushuang’s brilliant accomplishments, where he possessed the fighting capabilities of a Peak Emperor God even though he was a Real God, had caused Emperor God Dan Tu to lose his arrogance.

Quite a number of people had once compared him to Jian Wushuang. However, in the end, Emperor God Dan Tu was not even considered a genius in front of Jian Wushuang.

This had caused Emperor God Dan Tu to be filled with hatred since a long time ago. At that moment, since he had the opportunity to kill Jian Wushuang, he naturally went all-out.

Swish!

A saber light headed toward Jian Wushuang’s head and it was filled with a tremendous amount of hatred.

On the other side, Emperor God Luo Xian went all-out.

Upon seeing that, Jian Wushuang laughed coldly.

Boom!

A frightening aura of a bloodline burst forth completely and Jian Wushuang’s body expanded abruptly. It was not until he had become a hundred feet tall that he stopped expanding.

The skin of him then had completely changed to black jade and his body surface wore red armor. Moreover, many heads and arms appeared from his body and he had a total of seven heads as well as fourteen arms. This caused him to look unusually hideous and frightening, as if he were an unmatched demon god.

For his fourteen arms, each of them held a sword and at that moment, the swords were swung out fiercely. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

Violent clashing sounds could be heard continuously and every clash was earth-shaking.

He had completely unleashed his close-quarter combat abilities and, combined with his own extremely unreasonable power and Sword Principles, he fought an intense battle with Dan Tu and Luo Xian, the two Emperor Gods, at the same time. In the end, he still had the upper hand and the two Emperor Gods were suppressed to the point that they retreated again and again.

Fortunately, Palace Master Wu Luo hurried over in time.

Boom!

A powerful blow from a hammer descended and it tore open the space, generating a great amount of pressure. This caused Jian Wushuang’s expression to turn grave and among his fourteen arms, a total of eight of them held swords to block the attack.

Bang!

With a loud sound, Jian Wushuang’s body was sent flying toward the bottom.

“Die!”

The killing moves of the two Emperor Gods, Dan Tu and Luo Xian, who were by the side, were unleashed and Jian Wushuang swung the swords in his six remaining arms with his full power to block their attacks.

However, the unreasonable power sent Jian Wushuang flying, just like before.

“Hall Master Gu Xin, Hall Master Shi Yun, retreat!”

While he was sent flying, Jian Wushuang still shouted.

Hall Master Gu Xin and Hall Master Shi Yun had teamed up with four Dao soldiers to fight an intense battle with the fifteen Sir Gods of the Abysmal Palace head-on. As it was six against fifteen, no matter how powerful the abilities of the four silver-armored Dao soldiers, as well as of the two Hall Masters, were, they were still suppressed. However, fortunately, there were no casualties.

After hearing Jian Wushuang’s words, the two Hall Masters, as well as the four silver-armored Dao soldiers, retreated right away.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Although Jian Wushuang’s body had already retreated from the battlefield, he did not escape. Instead, he stopped at a void that was far away. Hall Master Gu Xin, Hall Master Shi Yun and the four silver-armored Dao soldiers returned to him in no time.

In front of them, the eighteen experts of the Abysmal Palace gathered together again.

This great battle had actually stopped temporarily. However, it had not come to an end yet.

“Gu Xin and Shi Yun, how do both of you feel?” Jian Wushuang glanced at the two Hall Masters behind him.

“I am still alright,” Hall Master Gu Xin’s voice was dull.

“It has been a long time since I fought such an intense battle,” Hall Master Shi Yun was extremely cold and stern.

Upon seeing that, Jian Wushuang laughed, “Our warm up has come to an end. Next, it’s time for our massacre!”

“Massacre!”

The eyes of Hall Master Gu Xin and Hall Master Shi Yun glowed brilliantly.

“Kill all of them!”

“Let them know the consequences of provoking the Lineage of Star!”

“Kill! Kill! Kill!”

The two Hall Masters were filled with murderous intent.

At the void in front, the eighteen experts of the Abysmal Palace had already started to close in on them and Palace Master Wu Luo shouted with an ice-cold voice, “Jian Wushuang, you already have no way out. With the Abysmal Palace taking action, it is impossible for you to escape. Moreover, even if you are lucky enough to escape, the Lineage of Star will definitely suffer!”

“Oh, right. What about the Star Palace Master? Even in such a situation, he is still unwilling to show himself. Seems like he is really dead?”

When the scouts who hid at the void nearby and came from all the powerhouses heard those words, their hearts moved.

Indeed, the Lineage of Star was engaged in a close-quarters battle with the Abysmal Palace head-on. However, there was still no news from the Star Palace Master. Hence, this had confirmed the predictions of the Vientiane Tower from before.

However, when Jian Wushuang heard those words, he laughed without any restraint at all and his laughter resounded across the universe. “Haha~~~ What a joke. You really wish to get our Palace Master to show himself to pieces of trash like all of you? This is really a big joke! Today, there happen to be people from each and every powerhouse of the Sanctuary Alliance present. Hence, I will use the blood of the large number of experts of your Abysmal Palace to tell the world the consequences of provoking the Lineage of Star!”

At the same time that his voice reverberated across the area, Jian Wushuang took out the One Realm Pearl with a flip of his hands.

Purple energy burst forth and completely covered millions of miles of void instantly.

One Realm Pearl, great formation formed!

Upon seeing such a scene, the eyes of the large number of experts of the Abysmal Palace turned grave.

They were not unfamiliar with such a scene. They knew that the reason why Jian Wushuang was able to destroy the Deluge Fortress completely and kill Fortress Master Hong Tian on the spot was because of the peculiar pearl that he possessed. With a thought, the pearl would create a formation and it would make it absolutely impossible for Fortress Master Hong Tian to escape. As such, he could only fight like a cornered beast.

At that moment, Jian Wushuang unleashed the same move as well.

However, what they did not understand was that since there was such a great disparity between their abilities and lineup, what was Jian Wushuang trying to achieve by deploying the great formation?

Could it be…

When they had just thought of that, Jian Wushuang waved his hands abruptly and bronze figures appeared in front of them out of thin air instantly.

For these bronze figures, all their bodies were extremely huge. Moreover, be it their physiques or their looks, they were exactly the same as the four silver-armored Dao soldiers that they had just fought. However, the only difference was that these bronze figures wore bronze armor.

“Dao soldiers? Bronze-armored Dao soldiers?”

The experts of the Abysmal Palace were all stunned.

They knew about the Dao soldiers. Of course, they knew the differences between a bronze-armored Dao soldier and a silver-armored Dao soldier. Logically, the level of threat of the bronze-armored Dao soldiers was far from being comparable to that of the silver-armored Dao soldiers.

However, at that moment… when they saw the bronze-armored Dao soldiers, which had appeared before them, the expressions of all the experts of the Abysmal Palace turned extremely ugly.

There was no choice as there were far too many bronze-armored Dao soldiers in front of them!

There were so many of them. Looking at it, there was actually a total of thirty of them!