Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1861: Jian Wushuang, Greatest Fighting Capabilities!

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

The three Hong Jun Golden Swords were like three written Taoist voodoos and among them, two of them headed toward Emperor God Dan Tu and Emperor God Luo Xian respectively.

“It’s too fast,” Emperor God Luo Xian could not help but murmur.

Emperor God Dan Tu’s expression was ghastly pale.

However, as Emperor Gods, they could not go down without a fight. Hence, they unleashed their techniques to block the attack right away.

Clang! Clang!

Two heavy clashing sounds could be heard at the same time. The moment Emperor God Dan Tu and Emperor God Luo Xiao clashed with the Hong Jun Golden Swords, they were sent flying.

However, while they were still flying and that they had not fully regained their posture yet, the two Hong Jun Golden Swords shook slightly and attacked again.

“Oh no!”

“We are in huge trouble!”

Emperor God Dan Tu and Emperor God Luo Xian had an extremely shocked expression.

Although the attack force of the Hong Jun Golden Swords had risen slightly compared to before, it did not rise by too much and it was still within the acceptable range for the both of them. However, in terms of speed… back then, Jian Wushuang had merely unleashed his comprehension of the Spacetime Doctrine, which was at the seventh level of the Doctrine Palace. Even then, the speed that he had unleashed had already caused them to be extremely frightened.

At that moment, it was the eighth level… his speed had completely exceeded the acceptable range for both of them.

While the two of them were sent flying, they did their best to block the attack.

However, there were sounds of clang, clang, clang~~~~ Multiple clashing sounds could be heard in succession and every clash caused both their hearts and minds to feel heavy.

After clashing many times, the hands of the both of them felt numb. However, the two Hong Jun Golden Swords were still not affected in the slightest bit. Instead, they had already changed into brilliant rays of golden light and appeared in front of both of them. Moreover, they headed for both of their heads right away.

Their speed was too fast and they were unable to dodge them in time.

However, just then… boom! Boom!

The space broke open and two big hammers were swung out of it at the same time. They then sent the two Hong Jun Golden Swords flying and got rid of the danger that Emperor God Dan Tu and Emperor God Luo Xian was in.

“Palace Master!”

Emperor God Dan Tu and Emperor God Luo Xian were looking at Palace Master Wu Luo, who had appeared in front of them, with delight.

“Both of you, please retreat to one side first,” Palace Master Wu Luo said.

After hearing what was said, Emperor God Luo Xian did not hesitate at all and his figure retreated far away at once. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

As for Emperor God Dan Tu, he had a ghastly-pale expression and he was staring at Jian Wushuang with full of dissatisfaction.

Before he had fought with Jian Wushuang, he had still doubted Jian Wushuang.

He had thought that he might not be inferior to Jian Wushuang.

However, when they had fought for real, especially when Jian Wushuang had gone all-out, he realized that although he was an Emperor God, he still did not have the right to participate in the battle.

That’s right. He had no right to participate.

If he were to force himself to participate of his own accord, not only would he be unable to help Palace Master Wu Luo, he would become a burden to Palace Master Wu Luo.

“Dan Tu, please retreat first,” Emperor God Luo Xian said.

“Hmph,” Emperor God Dan Tu gave a cold snort and he retreated while suppressing the dissatisfaction in his heart forcefully. Moreover, in no time, along with Emperor God Luo Xian, he joined the intense battle by the side.

As for this piece of void, only Jian Wushuang and Palace Master Wu Luo remained.

“Palace Master Wu Luo, do you think that you will be able to handle me alone?” Jian Wushuang laughed. With a thought, the three Hong Jun Golden Swords changed magically at the same time.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The three rays of golden light moved again and headed for Palace Master Wu Luo.

Palace Master Wu Luo had a cold and stern expression. On his body, a great amount of dim light emerged and it was just like a demon cloud. Although he did not utter a single word, another giant hammer appeared in his other palm. This giant hammer had a powerful aura and it was actually a Chaos Divine Treasure as well.

“Die!”

The demon clouds rolled about and Palace Master Wu Luo transformed into a ferocious beast from the Ancient Past instantly.

He then attacked right away with frightening murderous intent. At that moment, his aura rose to its maximum abruptly.

A powerful pressure was exerted on Jian Wushuang and this pressure was slightly more powerful than before.

He swung the two big hammers in his hands at the same time and the hammers were swung repeatedly, as if they were two lofty mountains that were extremely heavy.

The most important thing was that not only were the two hammers extremely powerful, their speed was so fast that it was shocking.

With the two hammers attacking madly, they actually managed to barely block Jian Wushuang’s three Hong Jun Golden Swords, which were attacking continuously.

“Oh?” Jian Wushuang looked at the scene in front of him with surprise.

He had not expected Palace Master Wu Luo to actually be able to stop his three golden swords.

“As expected of Palace Master Wu Luo, who is ranked twenty-five in the Heaven and Earth ranking list. What you are unleashing now is probably your strongest fighting capabilities and they are indeed impressive,” Jian Wushuang said loudly.

“Hmph, Jian Wushuang, I admit that you are indeed very powerful. However, you are still not good enough to defeat me,” Palace Master Wu Luo snorted coldly.

“Is that so?” Jian Wushuang did a strange laugh. After that, with a thought, another ray of golden light rose again.

Upon seeing the ray of golden light, Palace Master Wu Luo’s expression finally changed.

“A… a fourth one?”

Palace Master Wu Luo was completely stunned.

As for Jian Wushuang, he sneered, “You are barely able to block the attacks of three golden swords. But what if you were to encounter a fourth one?”

As soon as his words left his mouth, the fourth Hong Jun Golden Sword which had risen shook slightly. After that, it pierced the void instantly. As for its speed, it was not slower than the three swords from before in the slightest. Moreover, it contained the same amount of power.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Four Hong Jun Golden Swords swept past the void and generated ear-piercing sounds.

The sounds were terrifying and the Hong Jun Golden Swords headed to Palace Master Wu Luo again and again.

Each Hong Jun Golden Sword possessed the power of a Peak Emperor God, which was more than enough to kill a Sir God easily. At that moment, four of them had teamed up… even though it was Palace Master Wu Luo, at that moment, he was under a great amount of pressure that he had never felt before.

He could only grit his teeth tightly and do his best to block the attacks.

On the other side, Hall Master Gu Xin, Hall Master Shi Yun, the four silver-armored Dao soldiers, as well as the thirty bronze-armored Dao soldiers, were fighting an intense battle with the large number of experts from the Abysmal Palace.

Emperor God Dan Tu and Emperor God Luo Xian had entered the battlefield. However, the two of them were stopped by two silver-armored Dao soldiers each right away.

Although the fighting capabilities of a silver-armored Dao soldier were slightly inferior to that of an Emperor God, with two of them teaming up, they could still deal with an Emperor God with some difficulty.

Moreover, the Dao soldiers’ abilities to protect themselves were so strong that it was shocking. Hence, it was absolutely impossible for Emperor God Dan Tu and Emperor God Luo Xian to destroy them even if they wanted to do.

Even with the fighting capabilities of Emperor Gods, they had still come to a deadlock temporarily and they were unable to get away for a period of time. As for the two groups of Sir Gods, they were having an intense fight.

In this battle, the performance of Hall Master Gu Xin and Hall Master Shi Yun was unusually dazzling.

Boom! Boom!

Unreasonable power burst forth at once.

“Be careful. Be careful of Hall Master Gu Xin!”

“Chaos Divine Treasure. It’s actually a Chaos Divine Treasure. Moreover, it is extremely powerful!”

“Damn it!”

At that moment, the fifteen Almighties from the Abysmal Palace had extremely ugly expressions.

Previously, when Hall Master Gu Xin and Hall Master Shi Yun had fought with them as a warm-up, the divine weapons that they had used were merely Chaos Unique Treasures.

However, at that moment, the hands of Hall Master Gu Xin and Hall Master Shi Yun were holding on to Chaos Divine Treasures which were so powerful that it was shocking!!