Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1873: One Person Suppressing One Sect (Part Two)

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Clang! Clang!

This time around, two clashing sounds could be heard. As for the remaining golden sword, it struck the chest of one of the Almighties without any hindrance.

Although this Almighty’s defense was not weak, while facing the attack by the golden sword, he still spit out a mouthful of blood. His aura decreased instantly and his body was sent flying like a cannonball. Although he did not die straight away, he no longer had any fighting capabilities.

As for the Six Sword Formation, with the loss of one Almighty, the whole sword formation fell apart.

Jian Wushuang’s three Hong Jun Golden Swords then attacked in succession. As the Sir Gods faced the Hong Jun Golden Swords alone, they absolutely did not have the ability to block them.

Puff! Puff! Puff! Puff! Puff! Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Five sounds of a person spitting blood could be heard at the same time. In just two face-offs, all the six Almighties had been seriously injured.

“Not good!”

Upon seeing that, the Emperor Sword Sect Master’s expression changed greatly. However, the speed of the Hong Jun Golden Swords was too fast and he had no way to stop them. Hence, he could only look on as the Hong Jun Golden Swords dealt fatal blows to the six Almighties.

“Hmph, the power and defense of the Six Sword Formation is indeed not too bad. However, it’s a pity that this sword formation required the six of them to activate it at the same time. Moreover, when activating it, the Divine Power and sword essence of the six of them needed to resonate with one another. Although this process would only take an instant, this instant was a weak point to my Hong Jun Golden Swords,” Jian Wushuang sneered.

The most frightening thing about the Hong Jun Golden Swords was their speed!

He was controlling three Hong Jun Golden Swords to attack at the same time. During the first attack, the six Almighties were still able to react in time and activate the great formation to block it.

However, after blocking the attack, the Hong Jun Golden Swords could continue to launch a second attack in close proximity and there would not be any breaks in-between the attacks.

Since the six Almighties of the Emperor Sword Sect had just activated the sword formation to block the first attack, they would need to activate the formation at the same time again if they wanted to block the attack a second time. In terms of speed, this was naturally a lot slower. Hence, this had allowed the Hong Jun Golden Swords to find an opportunity to destroy the sword formation and in no time, they dealt serious blows to the six Almighties. Moreover, the Emperor Sword Sect Master was unable to react in time.

Furthermore, if Jian Wushuang wanted to, he could absolutely kill all the six Almighties at that instant.

“Emperor Sword Sect Master, it’s your turn now!”

Jian Wushuang had a cold expression. After dealing serious blows to the six Almighties, his eyes looked in the direction of the Emperor Sword Sect Master.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

The three Hong Jun Golden Swords shook slightly and were shot out instantly.

Upon seeing the three brilliant rays of golden light which had appeared in front of him, the Emperor Sword Sect Master revealed a furious expression. He then unleashed his Sword Principles in succession while roaring with the intention to stop the three Hong Jun Golden Swords.

However, he did not notice that the experts who were observing the battle by the side had already revealed sympathetic expressions.

What a joke. Jian Wushuang’s Hong Jun Golden Swords were famous for being frightening. Even though he had only used three of them, they were still extremely powerful.

Back then, when Palace Master Wu Luo, who was ranked twenty-five in the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list, had faced the three Hong Jung Golden Swords that Jian Wushuang controlled with his full power, he had only managed to block them with a lot of difficulty. The moment Jian Wushuang had activated the fourth one, he was completely defeated.

Comparing both the Emperor Sword Sect Master and Palace Master Wu Luo, they were at completely different levels.

As expected. The three Hong Jun Golden Swords merely attacked a few times and its great amount of power sent the sword that the Emperor Sword Sect Master was holding in his hands flying right away. Although the Emperor Sword Sect Master had done his best, to the point where it could be said that he had used all his tricks other than Soul Burn, he was still completely defeated by the three Hong Jun Golden Swords.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

The three Hong Jun Golden Swords struck the Emperor Sword Sect Master’s body in succession. As the Emperor Sword Sect had a great foundation, the Emperor Sword Sect Master possessed a Chaos Divine Treasure-level defense armor. However, after being struck by the three Hong Jun Golden Swords head-on, he still could not help but spit out a mouthful of blood and his expression turned pale.

Jian Wushuang waved his hands lightly and the three Hong Jun Golden Swords did not continue their attacks. Instead, they returned to Jian Wushuang’s front.

Such a scene had caused the large number of experts who were observing the battle by the side to become silent.

In their hearts, they were sighing lightly.

“As expected of the Sword Emperor. He is too powerful!”

“This time around, in just a short amount of time, a lineup that was formed by the Emperor Sword Sect Master, as well as the six Almighties of the Emperor Sword Sect, were defeated instantly. How powerful!”

“The Sword Emperor has only used three golden swords!!”

All of them could not help but gasp.

With him alone, he had defeated the large number of Almighties in the Emperor Sword Sect and given them serious injuries.

Moreover, they could tell that Jian Wushuang had shown them mercy. If not, these Almighties would definitely not get off so lightly with serious injuries.

“One person suppressing one sect!”

“This is a typical example of one person suppressing one sect!”

A Sir God who was observing the battle could not help but murmur.

One person suppressing one sect?

The other people gasped in admiration.

In the Eternal Chaotic World, abilities represented respect. As long as one was powerful enough, situations where one person suppressed the whole sect of the other party could be found everywhere.

However, just then, Jian Wushuang had used his own power to suppress the Emperor Sword Sect, a big powerhouse in the Sanctuary Alliance!

The Emperor Sword Sect, which was old and had a great foundation, had actually been suppressed by Jian Wushuang alone!

“Emperor Sword Sect Master, are you happy now?” Jian Wushuang’s expression was cold and he was looking down at the Emperor Sword Sect Master whose expression was ghastly pale.

“Happy? Haha. Jian Wushuang, do you think that by relying on your own powerful abilities, you will be able to do what you want? Don’t forget that my Emperor Sword Sect is a member of the Sanctuary Alliance. During the long years, my Emperor Sword Sect has contributed greatly to the Sanctuary Alliance. Moreover, on the outside, many people owed my Emperor Sword Sect favors. For example, there are no less than three Emperor Gods who are good friends with my Emperor Sword Sect!”

“If you were to be reckless, the Sanctuary Alliance would definitely not let you off. As for those Almighties who are good friends with my Emperor Sword Sect, they would definitely not let you off either!” Emperor Sword Sect Master shouted with a heavy voice.

Upon hearing that, the experts who were observing the battle by the side opened their eyes wide.

Eyes that were filled with astonishment then looked in the direction of the Emperor Sword Sect Master.

They were not shocked with regards to the contributions and favors that the Emperor Sword Sect Master had mentioned.

As the Emperor Sword Sect was old with a great foundation, they would have definitely contributed greatly to the Sanctuary Alliance and made friends with quite a number of experts. As such, they were not surprised.

What they were really astonished about was the Emperor Sword Sect Master’s stupidity!

Was he not aware of the situation that was in front of him?

Or did he have no idea who he was facing?

It was the Sword Emperor who was known for his fierce name!!!

A genuine, murderous god, a malignant star!

He really thought that this murderous god would not dare to go on a killing spree?

As expected. After the Emperor Sword Sect Master had finished talking, Jian Wushuang’s eyes turned completely ice-cold.

In the next moment, his body moved.

As if it were teleportation, Jian Wushuang appeared in front of one of the Sir Gods of the Emperor Sword Sect.

Moreover, he had already extended one of his big hands like tongs. This Sir God’s expression then changed greatly. However, as the gap between their abilities was too huge and he had already been seriously injured by Jian Wushuang’s Hong Jun Golden Swords, which had caused him to not have much fighting capabilities left, he had no way of fighting back.