Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1875: Luo Xianzi

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Luo Xianzi’s words had caused everyone present to be stunned.

Have a duel?

One of them was ranked twenty-one while the other was ranked twenty-two. These two experts wanted to have a duel?

Could it be that this was really for the sake of the Emperor Sword Sect?

“Sword Emperor, how about this: let’s have a duel with each other. If you win, the Emperor Sword Sect will apologize to you and give you the necessary compensation. I will not interfere anymore. However, if I win, I can still guarantee you that the Emperor Sword Sect will stop making things different for you. However, you must forget about the apology and compensation,” Luo Xianzi said.

“Alright,” Jian Wushuang agreed without thinking, “I heard your name a long time ago. Hence, I wish to see how strong you are.”

“Please go ahead then,” as Luo Xianzi spoke, a purple soft sword appeared in her hands.

Similarly, Luo Xianzi was an expert who was proficient in Sword Principles.

Upon seeing Luo Xianzi’s actions, the large number of experts who were observing the battle became excited.

Although Jian Wushuang had fought moments ago, his opponent was merely the Emperor Sword Sect. Although the Emperor Sword Sect had seven Almighties which was inclusive of the Emperor Sword Sect Master who was a Peak Emperor God, there was no room for them to struggle when they faced Jian Wushuang. However, it was completely different for Luo Xianzi.

Comparing rankings, Luo Xianzi had a higher rank than Jian Wushuang.

For the great battle between these two people… it would no doubt be unusually brilliant.

“Luo Xianzi, please be careful.”

Jian Wushuang laughed nonchalantly. At the same time as his words left his mouth, the three Hong Jun Golden Swords, which were floating in front of him, shot out instantly.

Three brilliant rays of golden light then appeared in front of Luo Xianzi instantly.

Luo Xianzi merely glanced at the three rays of golden light and she swung the sword in her hands randomly.

A purple light which looked like a shooting star then appeared in front of the three Hong Jun Golden Swords.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The three Hong Jun Golden Swords which had defeated the Emperor Sword Sect Master were sent flying at that moment.

Although the three Hong Jun Golden Swords shook slightly and attacked again, Luo Xianzi merely swung her swords like before and stopped the three Hong Jun Golden Swords easily.

Be it power or speed, Luo Xianzi’s Sword Principles were not weaker than the Hong Jun Golden Swords in the slightest bit.

“Sword Emperor, when you defeated Palace Master Wu Luo back then, didn’t you use four golden swords at the same time? Why are there only three now?” Luo Xianzi laughed as she fought with the three golden swords. It was obvious that she was holding her ground without much effort.

“As you wish.”

Jian Wushuang did not hesitate. With a thought, the fourth Hong Jun Golden Sword was shot out right away.

With the four of them attacking at the same time, their frightening speed was completely unleashed and the pressure on Luo Xianzi increased greatly at once.

However, all of a sudden, Luo Xianzi’s body turned vague and a figure that was exactly the same as her appeared by her side. Similarly, this figure held a sword and her Sword Principles were extremely powerful. However, in terms of power, she was slightly weaker than her real body.

“This is Luo Xianzi’s Illusory God Clone?” Jian Wushuang’s heart twitched.

Jian Wushuang had some information regarding Luo Xianzi and he knew that she had an Illusory God Clone.

This Illusory God Clone had been created by Luo Xianzi in the past when she had obtained a special Secret Skill that was left behind from the Ancient Past while travelling in the Ancient Mystery Land.

For this Secret Skill, one must first pay a huge price to create an illusory god. After that, he would need to use a special way to insert his own blood into the illusory god so that his consciousness would have perfect control of the illusory god.

When he was about to fight an intense battle, he could split a small portion of his consciousness to control the illusory god, allowing the illusory god to unleash Secret Skills and attack moves that were similar to his own. Hence, it was the same as having two of himself.

For example, Jian Wushuang possessed many Dao soldiers. Although these Dao soldiers possessed power similar to that of Almighties, they were unable to unleash attack-type Secret Skills and other techniques. As such, their fighting capabilities were greatly decreased. As for Luo Xianzi’s Illusory God Clone, it could allow the illusory god to unleash the same Sword Principles as the main body.

This Secret Skill was very impressive.

Back then, quite a number of experts had cast their covetous eyes on it. However, after Luo Xianzi made the training method of the Secret Skill public, all those people lost interest at once.

Because, in the Eternal Chaotic World then, there was no way to create new illusory gods.

Back then, Luo Xianzi had been lucky. At the same time that she obtained the Secret Skill, she obtained an illusory god. As such, she had an Illusory God Clone.

The moment the Illusory God Clone appeared, she unleashed the same powerful Sword Principles. Combined with Luo Xianzi’s real body, they were able to stop the four Hong Jun Golden Swords easily.

Moreover, at the same time that they stopped the Hong Jun Golden Swords, Luo Xianzi and her Illusory God Clone approached Jian Wushuang continuously.

“Looks like the Hong Jun Golden Swords alone are unable to do anything against Luo Xianzi.”

Jian Wushuang laughed and he was not surprised.

Buzz~~~ A powerful bloodline aura burst forth from Jian Wushuang’s body.

All of a sudden, Jian Wushuang’s body expanded and his skin changed to black jade instantly. Heads and arms appeared from his stalwart body.

A total of seven heads and fourteen arms!

Each brawny arm was holding onto a sword tightly.

At the next moment, Jian Wushuang moved his body fiercely.

“Die!”

The swords in Jian Wushuang’s hands, which were accompanied with fury and power, were swung out fiercely toward Luo Xianzi, who was in front of him.

Luo Xianzi was filled with murderous intent. In an instant, the sword in her hands changed into an endless stream of waves and attacked. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

The sword that Jian Wushuang swung had struck Luo Xianzi’s soft sword. However, the feeling that it gave him was as though he had struck a pile of cotton and he did not have a feeling that his force had landed.

“What a strange Sword Principle?” Jian Wushuang’s heart twitched. After that, his eyes glowed with a shrill light.

He then swung his fourteen swords madly.

As for the four Hong Jun Golden Swords, they were not affected in the slightest and they continued to head toward Luo Xianzi crazily.

It was a perfect combination of his close quarter combat abilities and his four Hong Jun Golden Swords!

Jian Wushuang’s abilities were completely unleashed.

“While he is controlling those four Hong Jun Golden Swords with his full power, he can engage in a close-quarters battle with me at the same time?” Luo Xianzi’s expression changed.

The two battles that had made Jian Wushuang famous… one of them was the battle in the Deluge Fortress while the other one was the battle with Palace Master Wu Luo.

During those two battles, Jian Wushuang had used the Hong Jun Golden Swords. However, when he was controlling the Hong Jun Golden Swords to attack, his body stayed at the void by the side.

This had created an illusion for many people and caused them to think that it was not easy for Jian Wushuang to control the golden swords. As such, he had to control it with his full power and he could not divert his attention to close-quarters combat.

However, then… while Jian Wushuang was engaged in a close-quarters battle with her, the four Hong Jun Golden Swords still continued to attack continuously.

It was obvious that these two attack moves could happen at the same time.

In actual fact, Jian Wushuang’s Hong Jun Golden Swords had always been controlled by his Soul Power and it was totally unrelated to his close-quarters combat.

Similarly, it was extremely easy for him to activate his Soul Power even when he was engaged in a close-quarters battle. As such, he was not affected at all.