Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chapter 1877: Nine Emperor Swords

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“Let’s go.”

Under the Emperor Sword Sect Master’s guidance, Jian Wushuang, Luo Xianzi and the remaining people headed toward the Emperor Sword Palace in succession.

The Emperor Sword Palace was actually a giant standalone space. However, the standalone space was in a locked state most of the time and it would only open once every one million years.

It was a pitch-black wormhole and the wormhole was filled with secrets.

“Sword Emperor, Luo Xianzi and everyone else, this is the entrance to the Emperor Sword Palace. Now that this entrance has opened, it will close again after a thousand years. As time is limited, please go in quickly,” the Emperor Sword Sect Master said gently.

Jian Wushuang shot a glance toward Emperor Sword Sect Master and a puzzled expression flashed past his eyes.

However, he did not hesitate and he entered the wormhole with a step.

Luo Xianzi and the other ten experts, as well as the two Real God geniuses in the Emperor Sword Sect who possessed the Sword Principle Inheritance Token, entered the Emperor Sword Palace in succession.

In the vast space, the sky was dark red in color and the ground was dark yellow in color.

“This is the Emperor Sword Palace?” Jian Wushuang looked around the surroundings and he did not feel anything special in the space right away.

However, all of a sudden, a few vague sword essences came from not too far away.

Jian Wushuang spread his Soul Power immediately and he saw that on a sacrificial altar that was not too far away, there were swords floating about.

Looking at it, there was a total of eight swords.

Moreover, the most important thing was that even though the auras of the eight swords were not released intentionally, they were still extremely powerful.

“Chaos Divine Treasures?” Jian Wushuang’s eyes squinted.

If his eyes were not wrong, the eight swords that were floating on the sacrificial altar were Chaos Divine Treasure-level attack-type divine weapons.

Moreover, their power was considered extremely shocking among the Chaos Divine Treasures. At the very least, their power was a lot more powerful than Jian Wushuang’s Blood Mountain Sword.

However, what caused Jian Wushuang to be puzzled was the issue of why would the Emperor Sword Sect allow the eight powerful Chaos Divine Treasure-level swords to stay in the Emperor Sword Palace? Logically, they should have taken them away a long time ago.

“Looks like the rumors about the Emperor Swords are indeed correct,” a cold voice could be heard and it was unknown when Luo Xianzi had appeared beside Jian Wushuang.

“Emperor Swords?” Jian Wushuang looked at Luo Xianzi with a puzzled expression.

“I have only heard of them,” Luo Xianzi explained, “The Emperor Sword Palace has been left behind by the First Era’s Sword Emperor Dugu who stood at the highest level. Sword Emperor Dugu has not just left behind many Sword Principle Inheritances in the Emperor Sword Palace. At the same time, he left nine Emperor Swords behind!”

“For those nine Emperor Swords, each of them is extremely powerful. Among the Chaos Divine Treasures, they could be considered to be at the top. Moreover, the Emperor Swords themselves always contained shocking Sword Principles to begin with. Back then, due to the founder of the Emperor Sword Sect obtaining an Emperor Sword, the abilities of his Sword Principles skyrocketed and from there, he founded the Emperor Sword Sect.”

“However, the Emperor Swords cannot be obtained by any random person. From the day the Emperor Sword Sect was founded to date, after so many years, it is unknown as to how many times the Emperor Sword Palace has opened and many experts have come to the Emperor Sword Palace to comprehend to the point that their numbers are uncountable. However, it’s a pity that only the Emperor Sword Sect Master back then obtained an Emperor Sword. Apart from that, no one else obtained a second one.”

“Is that so?” Jian Wushuang understood.

Nine Emperor Swords. At that moment, eight of them who were in one piece were still lying over there.

At that moment, those experts, as well as the two Real Gods from the Emperor Sword Sect, who had come in along with Jian Wushuang and Luo Xianzi had already headed to the place that the eight Emperor Swords were at.

When they arrived at the sacrificial altar, all of them attempted to get the Emperor Swords to recognize them as their Master in succession.

However, in the end, none of them was recognized by the eight Emperor Swords. As for taking the eight Emperor Swords away by force, there was no need to even think about it.

“Sword Emperor, the power of these eight Emperor Swords are inexhaustible. Why don’t you have a try as well? With your talents, you might be recognized by the Emperor Swords,” Luo Xianzi said.

“For the Emperor Swords to recognize someone as their Master, they should be looking at one’s understanding and comprehension of Sword Principles. As such, this is not related to one’s talents and abilities. Therefore, there is a low chance of the Emperor Swords recognizing me as their Master. As for you, Luo Xianzi, your level of understanding of Sword Principles is at a much higher level than me. Hence, you should be the one to try instead,” Jian Wushuang laughed.

“I am not in a rush. We have only just entered the Emperor Sword Palace and we still have a thousand years’ time to think of ways to raise the cultivation base of our Sword Principles. After a thousand years, when I have made progress with regards to my Sword Principles, it will still not be too late for me to try,” Luo Xianzi said.

Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows.

“Let’s go to the place of inheritance.”

Jian Wushuang and Luo Xianzi walked toward the vast land in front of them immediately.

In the center of the Emperor Sword Palace, which was its core, there was a sword sea.

To be exact, it was a sword grave.

Within the sword grave, there were countless swords. Be it long swords, sharp swords, soft swords and heavy swords… there was each and every kind of sword.

For these swords, their cutting edges were inserted into the ground. Looking at it, there were probably tens of thousands of swords and they were inserted into the ground to form a circular shape.

Within the five corners of the sword grave, each of them had a platform where one could comprehend and the platforms had already been completely integrated into the sword grave around them.

“It is said that the Sword Principle Inheritances that the Emperor Sword Palace contained are extremely useful to cultivators who practiced Sword Principles. Even if a Great Emperor who is proficient in Sword Principles were to come to the Emperor Sword Palace to accept one Sword Principle Inheritance, he would benefit from it considerably. I wonder what the effects are really like?” Jian Wushuang laughed.

“Why not give a try and find out for yourself?” Luo Xianzi laughed indifferently. Her figure then turned vague and she appeared on one of the platforms. In no time, she closed her eyes.

Jian Wushuang grinned. He did not hesitate and he appeared on a platform as well.

The moment he stepped on the platform, Jian Wushuang realized immediately that the platform had resonated with the Sword Principle Inheritance Token that he possessed.

After that, the sword grave that Jian Wushuang was at became completely different.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz! Buzz! Buzz! ~~~

Countless shocking sword essences appeared at almost the same time.

The whole sword grave had become a sea of sword essences.

Vast and majestic!

These sword essences were too vast.

Moreover, there were all kinds of sword essences and it was as if they had covered everything.

The sword grave contained tens of thousands of swords. At that moment, Jian Wushuang felt tens of thousands of sword essences.

Among the tens of thousands of sword essences, Jian Wushuang did not dare to underestimate any of them.

“Gosh, all these sword essences…” Jian Wushuang was filled with shock.

It was not just him. Luo Xianzi, who was at the other training platform, revealed a shocked expression.

Countless sword essences flooded the universe and they gathered quickly to form many clear and powerful Sword Principles which appeared in front of Jian Wushuang.

There were all kinds of Sword Principles and they were extremely advanced.

For example, there were Sword Principles that Jian Wushuang had once opened up and comprehended before. However, they were even more vast and majestic than before.