Chapter 1879: Emperor Sword Principle!

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“Sword Principles!!!”

Jian Wushuang opened his eyes wide.

He could tell that what the emperor had unleashed by swinging the golden sword with dragon veins in the scene was a Sword Principle with one move.

Moreover, it was an extremely frightening Sword Principle with one move.

With one stroke, all beings would submit themselves to the wielder.

This was the stroke of an emperor!

All the lands under the heavens belonged to the king and all the people were the king’s servants!

His stroke represented the supreme power to control the universe.

“Emperor Sword Principle!”

A message surfaced in Jian Wushuang’s mind and allowed Jian Wushuang to understand that the move that the emperor had unleashed in the scene was the Emperor Sword Principle.

As for the process of unleashing it, it was replayed many times in Jian Wushuang’s mind continuously.

That emperor swung his sword again and again and every stroke was exactly the same.

This had caused Jian Wushuang to be delighted.

“Opportunity!”

“A great opportunity!”

He finally knew the secret that was hidden in the sword grave. It was a shocking Sword Principle!

At that moment, he had found his way into the Sword Principle and what he needed to do was to do his best to comprehend the Sword Principle.

Comprehend the Sword Principle and grasp it.

“This Sword Principle is too powerful!”

“It is definitely the most unreasonable, powerful and supreme Sword Principle that I have seen so far. Although I am not sure what kind of expert created this Secret Skill, there’s no doubt that I would have another trump card if I were able to grasp this Sword Principle,” Jian Wushuang murmured.

Although this Sword Principle was in the Emperor Sword Palace, Jian Wushuang knew that it was not created by Sword Emperor Dugu.

Although Sword Emperor Dugu was an influential figure in the First Era, it was still impossible for him to create such a Sword Principle. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Hence, this Sword Principle must have come from the Ancient Past.

Back then, Hall Master Yuan had told him the reason why Sword Emperor Dugu was able to walk around freely in the First Era. Apart from the shocking Sword Principles that he had created, the most important thing was that he had obtained a Sword Principle from the Ancient Past. That Sword Principle was his most frightening and powerful Sword Principle.

If he was not wrong, the Sword Principle from the Ancient Past was this Emperor Sword Principle.

“I have already found an opportunity. Next, no matter what, I must comprehend this Emperor Sword Principle. Even if I am unable to comprehend the complete Emperor Sword Principle, to me, comprehending one or two Sword Principles is still considered a huge benefit to me,” Jian Wushuang clenched both his fists tightly.

Next, he sat down with his legs crossed right away and started to comprehend the scene where the emperor unleashed his Sword Principle.

At that moment, the emperor merely unleashed one stroke and that stroke was the First Move of the Emperor Sword Principle.

What Jian Wushuang could comprehend then was that First Move.

The Emperor Sword Principle was extremely profound and unfathomable.

Although Jian Wushuang was extremely talented in terms of comprehension, his progress of comprehending the Emperor Sword Principle was still extremely slow.

Time passed by.

While everyone had focused their hearts and minds into comprehending the sword essences and Sword Principles, Jian Wushuang was making the best use of his time to comprehend the Emperor Sword Principle.

In a flash, another hundred and fifty years passed.

Atop the training platform, Jian Wushuang opened his eyes again and his eyes were glowing brilliantly.

“I have finally comprehended the First Move of the Emperor Sword Principle!” Jian Wushuang was excited.

He had merely comprehended it and he had yet to grasp it. However, Jian Wushuang was already extremely delighted.

After all, as long as he comprehended it, he could take his time to grasp it in the future. At that moment, since he had comprehended the First Move, he could continue to comprehend the second move.

As expected, the scene that appeared in his mind had already changed.

Similarly, it was the emperor who wore a long robe with golden dragons and his hands were still holding on to the golden sword with dragon veins. Similarly, he unleashed a stroke. However, his Sword Principle was completely different from before.

“Emperor Sword Principle… Second Move!”

Jian Wushuang glowed brilliantly. After that, he continued his comprehension.

Time was not a concern in training.

Out of the one thousand years’ time, nine hundred years had passed in the blink of an eye and only one hundred years remained.

The Jian Wushuang then had stopped his comprehension of the Emperor Sword Principle.

“For the Emperor Sword Principle, every move is more profound and powerful than the previous one. Although I have only used one hundred and fifty years to comprehend the First Move, I used another two hundred and eighty years for the Second Move. Now, nine hundred years have passed and I have only managed to comprehend until the Third Move.”

“As for the Fourth Move…”

The Emperor Sword Principle still had the Fourth Move and Fifth Move.

However, at that moment, Jian Wushuang had only comprehended the first three moves. Moreover, he could only comprehend those three moves.

After all, a total of nine hundred years had passed and only one hundred years remained. As such, comprehending the Fourth Move was just an extravagant hope.

“Since I am unable to comprehend the Fourth Move, I shall make use of the remaining one hundred years to comprehend those sword essences and Sword Principles,” Jian Wushuang laughed and he had already made up his mind.

Next, he stopped using his time to comprehend the Emperor Sword Principle.

He did not attempt to grasp the Emperor Sword Principle. Instead, he focused his heart and mind into the comprehension of those sword essences and Sword Principles.

While comprehending, his level of comprehension and understanding of the Sword Principles rose with a shocking speed.

At the same time, Jian Wushuang started to collate all the Sword Principles that he possessed then.

Jian Wushuang was a genuine cultivator who cultivated Sword Principles!

Sword Principles were his root.

At that moment, Jian Wushuang possessed three types of Sword Principles.

The first and second type were the Reincarnation Sword Principle and Spacetime Sword Principle that he cultivated respectively.

These two Sword Principles were created perfectly from the Reincarnation Doctrine and Spacetime Doctrine. Hence, when his Sword Principles were unleashed, they would bring about a vast amount of Power of Heaven Way.

As for the third type, it was the Emperor Sword Principle. However, Jian Wushuang had only comprehended it and he had not grasped it yet. As such, he was naturally unable to unleash it.

A hundred years later, Jian Wushuang’s level of understanding and comprehension of the Sword Principles rose greatly. Thus, his Sword Principles naturally made a huge breakthrough as well.

In terms of the Reincarnation Sword Principle, he had already created the Sixth Move.

As for the Spacetime Sword Principle, as his level of comprehension of the Spacetime Doctrine was higher and it had achieved the standard needed to clear the eighth level of the Doctrine Palace, he had managed to create the Seventh Move.

For these two Sword Principles, both of them had made huge improvements.

Moreover, with the growth of the Sword Principles, the power of the Hong Jun Golden Swords rose considerably as well.

In other words, Jian Wushuang’s abilities as a whole had risen compared to before.

Of course, the most important thing was the Emperor Sword Principle!

However, it was a pity that he did not have the time to grasp it. The moment he grasped it for real and unleashed it successfully, his fighting capabilities would rise again!

“One thousand years’ time is almost up. My gains are extremely huge. Next, it’s time to leave.”

Jian Wushuang laughed and his eyes could help but turn to the broken sword which was at the very edge of the sword grave and was not eye-catching in the slightest bit.

The broken sword, which was full of rust, was still stuck in the ground and there was no movement at all. Only Jian Wushuang had realized what was different about it.

As for the other people, from the start to the end, they had never noticed the existence of the broken sword.

“What a pity. If there were more time, I might have been able to completely comprehend the complete Emperor Sword Principle.”

Jian Wushuang felt that it was a pity.