Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1881: Rejected

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

Jian Wushuang did not know.

The eight Emperor Swords were extremely intelligent and they knew how to choose their Master.

Moreover, they were Emperor Swords which were born specially for the Emperor Sword Principle.

In the Emperor Sword Palace, they would not care about experts who practiced normal Sword Principles. Only people who had comprehended the Emperor Sword Principles via the sword grave had the right to be their Master.

For example, back then, the founder of the Emperor Sword Sect had managed to get one Emperor Sword to recognize him as its Master as he had comprehended the Emperor Sword Principle.

However, the founder of the Emperor Sword Sect’s affinity for comprehension was limited. After spending one thousand years of time, he had only barely managed to comprehend the First Move of the Emperor Sword Principle. Hence, he had barely achieved the requirement for them to recognize him as their Master,

But what about Jian Wushuang?

Similarly, it had also been one thousand years. To be exact, he had merely used eight hundred and seventy years of time. With that, he had managed to comprehend the first three moves of the Emperor Sword Principle.

As such, his talents for comprehending were many times higher than that of the founder of the Emperor Sword Sect.

Hence, those Emperor Swords had fought amongst one another to recognize a genius like him as their Master.

“The eight of you…”

As Jian Wushuang looked at the eight Emperor Swords which were shaking crazily, he laughed indifferently. “Since all of you are willing to recognize me as your Master, why don’t all of you leave with me?”

It was obvious that Jian Wushuang had the intention to take away all the eight Emperor Swords.

It should be known that the eight Emperor Swords were eight extremely powerful Chaos Divine Treasures.

However, after hearing Jian Wushuang’s words, the eight Emperor Swords became vehement.

“Eh?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed slightly and he continued to communicate with the eight Emperor Swords.

As for those experts who were not too far away, when they saw such a scene, they had puzzled expressions. Moreover, most of them were also looking at Jian Wushuang with envy.

That’s right. It was envy.

They had done their very best and they yearned for even one Emperor Sword to recognize them as its Master. In the end, none of them Emperor Swords was willing to accept them.

As for Jian Wushuang, the Emperor Swords fought among one another to recognize him as its Master. Such a difference was really extremely huge.

All of a sudden…

“Hmph!”

With a cold snort, the expression of Jian Wushuang, who was communicating with the eight Emperor Swords, turned cold abruptly. He then waved his big hands and he completely ignored the eight Emperor Swords, no matter how much noise they made or shook. After that, he turned his body and left without turning his head back at all.

The eight Emperor Swords continued to make noises intensely. However, after that, they returned to their own positions in succession and in no time, they quietened down.

Such a scene had caused everyone present to become dumbfounded.

“Sword Emperor, what’s going on?”

Luo Xianzi walked in front of Jian Wushuang immediately. “Just now, those eight Emperor Swords wanted to recognize you as their Master, right?”

“That’s right. They had planned to recognize me as their Master. Moreover, I can choose any of them. However, they were all rejected by me,” Jian Wushuang said right away.

“You rejected them?” Luo Xianzi opened her eyes wide.

The surrounding people were also filled with disbelief.

Although the Emperor Swords wanted to recognize Jian Wushuang as their Master, they were all rejected by Jian Wushuang in the end?

Why did he reject them? How could reject them?

“Just now, I communicated with those Emperor Swords and I planned to take all of them away. However, it’s a pity that the eight Emperor Swords are extremely arrogant. Indeed, as Emperor Swords which stand at the top, they are naturally extremely arrogant. As such, they are not satisfied with sharing the same Master with any other swords at the same time. Therefore, not only would they not recognize me as their Master at the same time, the moment one of them recognized me as its Master, I could only use it as my only weapon for Sword Principles!”

“They are really unreasonable,” Jian Wushuang sneered.

He had seen unreasonable people and unreasonable sects before.

However, this was the first time that he had seen unreasonable swords.

The eight Emperor Swords were indeed extremely unreasonable and arrogant. As such, they would definitely not allow other swords to share a same Master with them.

“However, for those Emperor Swords to be so unreasonable, this also shows how powerful they are. Even if you were to use it as your only weapon for Sword Principles in the future, wouldn’t it not be a loss?” Luo Xianzi could not help but ask.

The surrounding people nodded their heads earnestly.

The more unreasonable a sword was, the more frightening its power was.

Since the Emperor Swords were so unreasonable, they would definitely be extremely powerful.

With such a weapon on hand, why would they still need to use other swords?

Hence, almost everyone present would agree to that condition without hesitation. However, Jian Wushuang rejected it.

“I already have my own weapon. Even if the Emperor Sword were to recognize me as its Master, it would still be in second place in my heart. Wanting me to abandon my own weapon and use it as my only weapon is just some nonsense spouted by an idiot,” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were ice-cold.

When he had communicated with the eight Emperor Swords moments ago, the moment he knew their request, he had become furious at once.

There was no doubt that the eight Emperor Swords were extremely powerful. At the very least, among the sword-type weapons that Jian Wushuang had seen, none of them was stronger than the eight Emperor Swords.

Even when placed in the Ancient Past, the eight Emperor Swords could also be considered first-rate treasures.

However, although the Emperor Swords were powerful, his Blood Mountain Sword was not weak.

Perhaps the power of the Blood Mountain Sword then was far from being comparable to that of the eight Emperor Swords. However, the Blood Mountain Sword was an embryo sword and there was still a huge room for it to grow. When it grew up completely in the future, it would not be weaker than the eight Emperor Swords in the slightest. Moreover, it might even be stronger.

Furthermore, the Blood Mountain Sword came from his Master and it was something that his Master had bestowed upon him personally. Hence, it contained his Master’s feelings.

The most important thing was the position that the Blood Mountain Sword had in Jian Wushuang’s heart!

It should be known that starting from the Green Fire World, Jian Wushuang had always fought with the Blood Mountain Sword side by side and to date, it was unknown how many years it had been.

Just like the King of Venomous Worms, the Blood Mountain Sword was a battle companion that he had trusted the most and it was also his brother.

Not to mention one Emperor Sword, even if eight Emperor Swords, eighty Emperor Swords or even eight hundred Emperor Swords were used, he would absolutely not abandon the Blood Mountain Sword.

As such, moments ago, he had rejected the eight Emperor Swords without hesitation and left.

Of course, to other people, it was absurd.

It was to the extent that some people could not help but roar within their hearts.

Although they had done their very best, they were still unable to obtain the big opportunity that was given to Jian Wushuang for free. Moreover, among the eight Emperor Swords, Jian Wushuang could pick any of them. In the end, Jian Wushuang had rejected all of them?

What kind of resolve was that?

Also, how big was the gap between them and Jian Wushuang?

When they looked at the comparison, it was really infuriating!

“The recognition of Masters by the Emperor Swords has come to an end. Luo Xianzi, let’s go out,” Jian Wushuang looked at Luo Xianzi.

Although Luo Xianzi had not completely calmed down yet, upon hearing Jian Wushuang’s words, she nodded her head. Before she left, her eyes could not help but glance at the eight Emperor Swords again. She then sighed lightly. After that, she left the Emperor Sword Palace via the exit. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

As for the remaining experts, although they had mixed feelings, they were also extremely upset.

However, it was a pity that the Emperor Swords had chosen to recognize Jian Wushuang as their Master instead of them. As such, they could not do anything and could only leave with dissatisfaction.

The vast Emperor Sword Palace became peaceful again and only the eight Emperor Swords which stood upright atop the sacrificial altar proudly like before remained.

Perhaps after many years, someone would comprehend the Emperor Sword Principle in the sword grave and take some of them away. However, this person would definitely not be Jian Wushuang!