Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1918: The Power of One Stroke

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio

“All of you… die!!!”

What Jian Wushuang said shook heaven and earth like sacred lightning from the highest heaven!

His voice reverberated in everyone’s ears. Whoever heard him revealed a terrified expression and they were roaring in their hearts.

After Jian Wushuang said that, he raised the Emperor Sword high in the sky and suddenly slashed.

Guang!

There was a terrifying sword light that was instantly magnified and engulfed tens of thousands of miles.

The sword light was shimmering in gold and extremely eye-catching.

The experts from Almighties Alliance were engulfed in the sword light then.

At the same time, the experts from Almighties Alliance suddenly showed an unprecedented fear across their faces.

Terrified!

Yes, they were terrified!

Previously, they didn’t care much about Sword Principle that Jian Wushuang performed.

They thought no matter how strong Jian Wushuang’s Emperor Sword Principle was, it wouldn’t be able to shake more than a hundred Almighties.

However, then… when the sword light swung out.

They could feel the power of the stroke at the first instance.

Emperor Sword Principle was the strongest Sword Principle from ancient times. Although the Sword Principle was only the first move, its power was still earth-shattering.

With Jian Wushuang power, although the power of the stroke that was performed with his all couldn’t be compared to a Great Emperor’s, it was extremely close to one. At least, Emperor God Tian Ling’s full-force hit wouldn’t be comparable to a Sword Principle of such power.

The Sword Principle wasn’t the most crucial part.

The most crucial part was when Jian Wushuang performed the Sword Principle, he cast the Secret Skill of Star Palace as well!!!

The third volume of Secret Skill of Star Palace, his strongest trump card, would instantly increase the power of the stroke by a thousand times!!!

It was originally a stroke that was extremely close to the power of a Great Emperor and it was then instantly increased by a thousand times!!

Just how high of a level had it reached?

“Many years ago, the Master of Star Palace killed many with the second volume of Secret Skill of Star Palace. Many major forces and experts were terrified. As long as the Master of Star Palace was alive, there were no experts who dared to cast greedy eyes over Lineage of Star!”

“And I, in terms of power, am much stronger than the Master of Star Palace and the Secret Skill of Star Palace that I was performing was the third volume! It could increase the power by a thousand times. Even though it is just one stroke, the one stroke is enough to wipe out everything!!!”

There was light that burst out of Jian Wushuang’s eyes. The power of Emperor Sword Principle that he had performed with full force exploded.

The power of the sword principle exploded and instantly engulfed the entire galaxy.

The region of Almighties Alliance was engulfed by the power of the sword principle entirely.

Heaven and earth were silent.

In that region, there were only noises of sword light sweeping across and destroying everything.

As for Almighties Alliance, there were experts groaning and screaming in pain but the noises that the sword light made covered everything.

In the surrounding region, the guest elders from Lineage of Star, the remaining experts from Star Extermination Alliance and Supreme Ten Alliance, including Emperor God Tian Ling who was in a fierce fight far from Jian Yi, looked over.

Their gazes were filled with shock and fear, an unprecedented scruple.

The stroke was a stroke that made everyone at the scene feel hopeless.

It was the strongest stroke that some of them had ever seen!

Before the power of the stroke, a Great Emperor was nothing.

Rumble. The sky shattered and the Earth split.

In the galaxy, there were huge space whirlpools that appeared in the sky from nowhere and they were swallowing up everything.

The entire galaxy was quivering vigorously. The galaxy formation was shattering to pieces and finally collapsed.

“The formation collapsed?” Hall Master Yuan who was hiding in the depths of the galaxy felt helpless at the sight.

The galaxy formation was extremely powerful. Unless a Great Emperor come personally, no one could break it.

For instance, he purposely let Star Extermination Alliance and Supreme Ten Alliance in.

Almighties Alliance and the other two alliances worked together and only broke an opening at the formation.

But it was only an opening and the opening could be recovered very easily.

But then…

Hall Master Yuan never expected that the three alliances would team up but had never got to break the galaxy formation. However, the current Palace Master of Lineage of Star, Jian Wushuang, had broken it with the repercussion of the stroke he had performed earlier.

Yes, only the repercussion.

Jian Wushuang’s stroke was terrifying!

Everyone at the scene was curious too. With such a terrifying stoke, how did Almighties Alliance do?

One should know that the repercussions of the stroke broke the galaxy formation while its main power was covering the experts from Almighties Alliance.

Vroom vroom vroom!!!

Boundless power exploded. The explosions of the sword light’s power continued for a few breaths’ time.

Finally, the power subsided gradually.

However, after everyone saw the region that was engulfed in the sword light earlier, the universe became pitch quiet.

Dead silence!

It was dead silent!

There was no sound, only angry roars and groans.

Everyone stared at the void that the sword light covered earlier in fear.

The void was where the experts from Almighties Alliance originally gathered. There were more than a hundred Almighties and all of them were powerful.

But then… they were gone!

The entire void shattered entirely but there was no trace. It was pitch black without any light.

Similarly, in the darkness, the scene where all experts towered in the void was long gone.

There weren’t any corpses, nor blood that filled the air.

All gone.

The void was gone along with Almighties Alliance’s over a hundred experts. They were all gone.

No, not entirely. At least there was one who survived.

The person was Emperor God Xiu Luo.

But Emperor God Xiu Luo then didn’t look like an Emperor God expert at all.

His hair was messy and his face was pale. He was covered in blood like a bloody man and the Chaotic Divine Treasure level armor that was on the surface of his body let out a crisp sound and there were cracks on it.

It was a Chaotic Divine Treasure!

A Chaotic Divine Treasure level armor was hard to damage even if a Great Emperor launched a full hit, but then… it was damaged?

“Demon!!”

“You are a demon!!!” RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Emperor God Xiu Luo looked terrified as he stared at Jian Wushuang as though he was looking at a monster while his body shivered vigorously.

The surrounding experts from Star Extermination Alliance and Supreme Ten Alliance couldn’t contain the fear in their hearts anymore.

“Is he human?”

“Demon, he’s a demon!!!”

“My goodness, we are fighting against a demon?”

The experts from the two alliances, including some Emperor Gods were screaming in despair.

They were terrified.

It was an alliance formed by over a hundred Almighties. They were extremely strong.

However, Jian Wushuang had only performed one stroke!

With one stroke, the powerful Almighties Alliance then… vanished into thin air!!!