Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1935 Hitch A Ride

Eternal Chaotic World was boundless.

However, ninety nine percent of it was boundless dark void.

In one of the dark voids, an ancient silver spaceship was traveling forward slowly.

There was a total of four people on the spaceship.

The four people were Jian Wushuang, Jian Yi, maidservant Qiu Yue, and and elderly in green.

The elderly in green was King of Venomous Worms!

Although King of Venomous Worms was a Plenilune living in the Ancient God body, he could also take the form of a human when his power reached a certain level.

They were returning from Holy Kingdom of Demon Heart. As they were rushing their journey in the dark void, boredom was inevitable. King of Venomous Worms took form of a human and he could drink and play chess with Jian Wushuang. Then, he wouldn’t feel as lonely.

“King of Venomous Worms, when will my power of seven stars recover?” Jian Wushuang asked.

“In a long while. Back then, you only broke six stars, I went all-out and it took seven thousand years until you fully recovered. Now that it’s the power of seven stars… even with my assistance, it will require a long time. Of course, if you were to return to your hometown, with the abundant spiritual influence of Heaven and Earth, the recovery speed will increase tremendously,” King of Venomous Worms said.

“Go back to my hometown?” Jian Wushuang was happy at the thought of it, “Although everything in Lineage of Star has settled down, the dark sides in Eternal Chaotic World still aren’t peaceful. However, with Great Emperors as higher-ups, I can’t help much either. I’ll go back after a while.”

To Jian Wushuang, Green Fire World was not only his hometown, but also a place that contained great opportunities.

The attraction of the ancient battlefield in Green Fire World was much greater than ancient mystery land.

Back when he wandered for six thousand years in ancient battlefield, he had reaped great harvest. Then, as everything settled down and he had received the seventh step of inverse cultivation skill, he really wanted to return to his hometown to cultivate so that he could breakthrough and become an Almighty sooner.

“I wonder if Emperor Thirteen is still on the battlefield,” Jian Wushuang muttered.

About the mysterious ancient expert, Emperor Thirteen… Hehad?asked Jian Yi before if he had heard of the name but Jian Yi didn’t know.

Hence, even then, Jian Wushuang had no idea about Emperor Thirteen at all. He only knew that he was from ancient times and he was powerful.

Just as Jian Wushuang was casually chatting with Jian Yi and King of Venomous Worms.

In the void in front of the ancient silver spaceship, there were a dozen figures shuttling in the dark void.

These people weren’t in a spaceship but merely flying with their power.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The dozen figures stopped simultaneously. The blue-haired lady who seemed to be the leader took out a Star map.

“We should be here, in this location. There is still a great distance to the territory of Holy Kingdom of South Plume. With our traveling speed, we need at least another one hundred years until we get there,” the blue-haired lady said.

“A hundred years?”

The surrounding people looked cold.

A hundred years was nothing normally. But, forget about a hundred years, even dozens of years or a few years would be torturous to them.

Their lives would be threatened anytime.

Just then….

At the far end, there was an ancient silver spaceship plunging over.

“That is…” the blue-haired lady was thrilled at the sight, “Such a fast-traveling spaceship, much faster than the one we were in before. It definitely must be a peak expert who could drive such spaceship.”

The blue-haired lady squinted her eyes and then she turned to order, “Wait for me here.”

Then, the blue-haired lady flew towards the silver spaceship.

On the silver spaceship, Jian Wushuang and the others had already noticed the blue-haired lady and her troops. When they saw the blue-haired lady fly over, Jian Wushuang stopped the spaceship as well.

“Qiu Yue, head out and take a look,” Jian Wushuang commanded.

“Yes,” Qiu Yue nodded and immediately walked out of the cabin.

“What’s the matter?” Qiu Yue floated in the void and looked in the direction of the blue-haired lady.

“May I know if the spaceship is flying towards Holy Kingdom of South Plume?” The blue-haired lady asked humbly.

“Holy Kingdom of South Plume? Yeah, we would pass by Holy Kingdom of South Plume,” Qiu Yue answered.

“That’s great,” the blue-haired lady was happy and she immediately offered, “I wonder if we could hitch a ride. I’m willing to pay a high price.”

“High price?” There was suddenly a cold voice. Jian Wushuang had already walked out from the cabin as well. He looked at the blue-haired lady with a smile. At the same time, he also noticed the dozen people in the void. He smiled, “How much are you willing to pay?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The blue-haired lady looked at Jian Wushuang.

She could feel the Real God aura from Jian Wushuang but she couldn’t sense if it was Void Real God or Eternal Real God, or even Chaotic Real God.

She hesitated for a while and she waved to take out a Qian Kung Ring, “Please take a look.”

Jian Wushuang swept his soul power over the Qian Kun Ring and he was surprised.

There were many resources and treasures in the Qian Kun Ring. He reckoned that it would cost up to a thousand Doctrine Gems in total.

To a Real God, it was definitely not a small sum.

She was merely hitching a ride but the blue-haired lady took out such great sum that it shocked Jian Wushuang.

“The resources and treasure in the Qian Kun Ring is just a deposit. If you were to send us into the territory of Holy Kingdom of South Plume safely, I would thank you with great prices,” the blue-haired lady said again.

“Oh? It seems that you have quite a bit of treasure on hand? Aren’t you worried that I would have evil thoughts at the sight of the riches and kill you straightway? Then, the Qian Kun Ring and every treasure on you would be mine,” Jian Wushuang smiled.

“You might not know. All my treasures are in the Qian Kun Ring. As for the remaining price, I could only realize them when we reach Holy Kingdom of South Plume safely. If you kill me now, you will not get the greater price at the end,” the blue-haired lady said.

“Mm, you’re right. If so, come on board,” Jian Wushuang waved.

“Thank you,” the blue-haired lady was happy. She immediately let the dozen figures that were waiting far away rush over.

Very soon, these people entered the cabin of the spaceship.

“Mister, look at these people. They seem to be on the run. We might have trouble if we were to take them,” Qiu Yue said.

“I know,” Jian Wushuang nodded. He could tell long ago.

If they weren’t on the run and in a desperate situation, why would the blue-haired lady, who was only a Real God, offer and promise such a great deal to hide them to escort?

“I reckon that they saw that my spaceship’s travel speed was extremely fast and knew that we are powerful. Hence, they came to look for us,” Jian Wushuang smiled, “We have no need to do anything. Let them hitch a ride and we can earn some Doctrine Gems.”

Jian Yi and King of Venomous Worms smiled.