Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1938 The Cruor Formation

On the silver spaceship.

Saber lights continued to sweep across.

“Revenge, I want to take revenge!!”

“Power, I am not powerful enough!!!”

The purple-haired youth, Luo Tianhong, had billowing hatred in his eyes.

Just then…

A crowd of figures in black robes swarmed over.

Luo Tianhong immediately noticed and his eyes dilated in shock. Then, he immediately went into the cabin.

“Soul Snatching Palace’s men are here!” Luo Tianhong’s voice was cold.

The disciples of Luo royal family and Luo Feng immediately stood up. Their faces grew extremely solemn and there was boundless hatred shimmering in their eyes.

“Everyone…” Luo Feng turned to look at Jian Wushuang and the others with a pleading gaze.

“Don’t worry, I will protect all of you,” Jian Wushuang smiled.

“Master, why don’t I take action and dismiss them?” Jian Yi said.

“It’s okay,” Jian Wushuang shook his head, “I’d like to verify something.”

Then, Jian Wushuang waved and a brawny figure in bronze armor appeared before everyone.

The brawny figure was naturally a Dao soldier.

Jian Wushuang had many Dao soldiers on-hand. Although most of them were left in Lineage of Star, he kept a few with him just in case he needed them.

For instance, he wanted to send the Dao soldier into action then.

The ancient silver spaceship had already stopped and among the dozen men in black outside the spaceship, their eyes grew solemn when they saw the spaceship.

“This spaceship seems unusual. One is definitely an expert to be able to drive such a spaceship,” the masked man who was the leader pressed down his voice, “Could it be the Monarch of Holy Kingdom of South Plume?”

“Humph. So what if he is the Monarch of Holy Kingdom of South Plume? We can wipe out Luo royal family, so why are we afraid of Holy Kingdom of South Plume?” The redheaded elder smirked in disdain.

Then, from the ancient spaceship, there was a brawny figure in bronze armor that suddenly burst out.

The Dao soldier in bronze armor didn’t speak but straight away attacked the experts from Soul Snatching Palace.

“D*mn it!”

“How dare he!”

The people from Soul Snatching Palace instantly raged and the redheaded elder even let out an angry bellow, “Destroy it!”

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

A few fierce auras exploded simultaneously. There was a total of four figures, including the redheaded elder, that greeted the bronze-armored Dao soldiers at the first instance.

The four people were all Real Gods. The redheaded elder who was the leader was an Eternal Real God.

When the four of them teamed up, as long as their opponent wasn’t a Chaotic Real God, they could match evenly under normal circumstances.

It happened to be among Holy Kingdoms but not Ten Cultivation Sanctuary, what were the odds of meeting a Chaotic Real God?

They wouldn’t believe that they would run into a Chaotic Real God by luck.

Plus, the brawny figure in bronze amor before them was obviously just a war puppet. Just how strong could a war puppet be? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

They couldn’t be bothered.

However, when both parties were in a fight…

“Hong!”

The bronze-armored Dao soldier didn’t know any massacre skills, only simple punches.

However, the punches contain power that could compare to Sir Gods favorably.

The moment the power exploded, the four Real Gods that barged in, including the redheaded elder, immediately stared. There was unprecedented fear from the bottoms of their hearts.

They regretted it. But then, it was obviously too late, no matter how regretful they felt.

The fierce power exploded. With one punch, the four Real Gods didn’t even have the space to struggle but instantly turned into blood fog from the punch.

The four Real Gods died instantly.

“What?”

Those from Soul Snatching Palace who stood on the spot and saw the scene, were terrified.

Even the five mysterious masked men, their faces beneath the masks were covered in terror.

However, the bronze-armored Dao soldiers charged to them without hesitation after he had killed the four Real Gods.

“Humph!”

The masked man, who was the leader, harrumphed and a Chaotic Real God aura instantly exploded. The masked man took a stride forward and appeared in front of the bronze-armored Dao soldier. Then, he punched.

The bronze-armored Dao soldier punched as well.

Both parties collided.

It let out a loud bang.

The masked man’s body shook vigorously and there was blood flowing down from underneath the mask.

“War puppet at Almighty level?”

The masked man was terrified and he instantly looked at the other four make men, “Let’s fight together. Use that move!”

The four of them nodded. Then, the five masked man instantly had blood fog churning from their bodies.

The blood god concentrated and instantly formed a blood giant.

The blood giant was about three meters tall and there was billowing flame. He roared and charged at the bronze-armored Dao soldier.

The blood giant and bronze-armored Dao soldiers fought. Both parties’ powers clashed and it was obvious that the bronze-armored Dao soldier had the upper hand. However, the advantageous position wasn’t obvious.

In the silver spaceship.

Jian Wushuang and his troops saw the scene outside.

When Jian Wushuang saw the five masked men let out blood fog and formed a blood giant, there was a chilly gleam in Jian Wushuang’s eyes.

“As expected,” Jian Wushuang’s gaze became extremely cold.

Previously, Jian Wushuang had felt a strange blood aura from the unique mark that was left on the disciple of Luo royal family.

The blood aura didn’t belong to anyone.

However, the blood aura couldn’t certify anything. However, when he saw the blood giant that the five masked men performed… Jian Wushuang’s speculation was verified.

“The Cruor Formation, it is the Cruor Formation exclusively owned by Holocaust Sect. These few, humph!” King of Venomous Worms humphed coldly and he had obviously recognized the few people’s origins.

Holocaust Sect. That’s right. The five masked men were no doubt experts from Holocaust Sect.

Although they were only five Chaotic Real Gods and they weren’t considered the highest positioned, there was no doubt about their identity.

“The assistance that Soul Snatching Palace got was men from Holocaust Sect?” Jian Wushuang was soaring with rage. His willpower moved and there was a resplendent golden light that soared up in the air.

Under Jian Wushuang’s manipulation, the golden light burst out.

On the battlefield outside the spaceship, the five masked men already gave their all to perform the Cruor Formation. However, the blood giant that they formed could barely withstand the bronze-armored Dao soldier’s attack.

Suddenly… a golden light flew over.

These masked men who were merely Real Gods, and also the remaining cultivators of Soul Snatching Palace, didn’t manage to respond at all.

Psst! Psst! Psst! Psst! Psst! Psst!

There were deep noises that resounded.

In the blink of an eye, the numerous figures in black floating outside were pierced by the golden light.

The last remaining person, the masked man who was the leader, was left standing there alive.

A huge hand appeared from nowhere and took the masked man into the spaceship.