Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1944 Holocaust Sect Master?

“Sect Master?” Jian Wushuang’s face grew in distress.

He heard from Emperor Bai earlier that Holocaust Sect had gone through a drastic change. Someone united them using thunderous measures.

However, he had never expected the one who united Holocaust Sect would be Leng Ruxue!

“Speaking of which, Holocaust Sect has to thank Sword Emperor for helping Holocaust Sect to take care of these betrayers. Otherwise, Holocaust Sect has to use time and effort to deal with them,” the old lady in black robe smiled.

Jian Wushuang glanced at the few Almighties’ dead bodies around him and he understood then.

No wonder the experts from Holocaust Sect had decided to maintain high profile.

They didn’t even flee when they saw him coming but opted to fight a life-and-death battle.

From what it seemed, these people already betrayed Holocaust Sect and they were eyed by Leng Ruxue. If he wasn’t not mistaken, there should have been marks on their bodies long ago. They had never fled.

In other words, they were actually dead for sure. They were only waiting for Holocaust Sect to kill them.

It was just that Holocaust Sect had yet to take action, but they had met Jian Wushuang.

“Sword Emperor, for what happened today, I thank you on behalf of my master. Farewell,” the old lady in black robe smiled maliciously as her figure suddenly became blurry.

“Want to leave?” Jian Wushuang’s gaze turned cold and there was a purple bead in his hand.

Under Jian Wushuang’s manipulation of his will, vroom!!!

Boundless purple light covered the light. In an instant, it formed a formation that covered a range of few millions miles.

One Realm Pearl became formation at one’s will!

“You, can’t run away!” Jian Wushuang’s voice resounded in the air.

“Hehe, I knew Sword Emperor has a treasure that turned into formation at your will. As I dare to take away the treasures in front of you, I naturally am well-prepared,” the old lady in the black robe smiled faintly. She flipped her hand and took out a token.

The token broke and instantly shattered the void. There was a space tunnel that appeared from nowhere.

“What?” Jian Wushuang was surprised.

The formation that One Realm Pearl formed covered the entire spacetime.

But the token that he had taken out could ignore the spacetime and form a space tunnel that connected to the outside world in such situation.

“Humph!”

Jian Wushuang let out a cold humph and the divine power in his body flowed.

At the same time, there was also minor power of ancient tribe bloodline that King of Venomous Worms barely recovered.

Although his power of ancient tribe bloodline had only recovered by a slight bit, it was barely enough.

“Moon Picking Skill!”

There was soaring divine power. Rumble.

The spacetime that the old lady in the black robe was in immediately faced unprecedented pressure.

The spacetime tunnel that appeared in the air started to distort from the pressure.

“Sh*t!” The old lady in the black robe’s face grew grave.

Just then…

From the spacetime tunnel that was distorted, kuang! There was a lily-white hand that extended. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The lily-white hand was clean without any flaw. At the same time, there was a cold aura that spread out from the other side of spacetime tunnel that Jian Wushuang could never forget in his lifetime.

Jian Wushuang’s eyes glowed when he sensed the aura.

“Leng Ruxue!!!”

Jian Wushuang glared at the spacetime tunnel.

The lily-white hand that extended from the spacetime tunnel only moved casually and the spacetime that had been pressured earlier instantly settled down and the spacetime tunnel resumed normal.

The old lady in the black robe seized the chance to enter the spacetime tunnel and disappeared.

The spacetime tunnel then started to close gradually.

Right before the spacetime tunnel disappeared, there was suddenly a voice.

“Hehe, Jian Wushuang, I never expected you to have the chance to reach where you are now. It’s a pity that you are still far from saving her. Very far!!”

“Haha.”

There was a taint of disdain in her voice and it reverberated in Jian Wushuang’s ears.

Jian Wushuang clenched his hands and watched the spacetime tunnel disappear. His body quivered faintly.

He felt extremely solemn from the bottom of his heart.

Very far… what she said repeatedly rang in his head.

“With my power now, is it still not enough?” Jian Wushuang clenched his teeth.

Ever since he had left Green Fire World until then, it had been tens of thousand of years. He had been trying his best to increase his power and find ways to make himself stronger.

No matter what kind of danger he faced, he would fight for a string of hope with his all!

He did all that so that he could find Leng Ruxue one day and save her wife Leng Rushuang.

After so many years, he had though his improvement speed was shocking enough.

Especially then, when he already stood on the peak of Eternal Chaotic World, even the Great Emperors held scruples with him.

However, he realized then that he was still not powerful enough!

He was far from enough!!

“Holocaust Sect is a hidden dark force that could match evenly with Sanctuary Alliance. Its overall power might not win over Sanctuary Alliance, but they shouldn’t be too far apart. But she could unite Holocaust Sect and become Holocaust Sect Master with thunderous measure. Such power…” Jian Wushuang’s face grew solemn.

Besides, the lily-white hand that extended from the spacetime tunnel earlier must have been Leng Ruxue’s.

However, from the lily-white hand alone, although Jian Wushuang couldn’t determine her true power, he was determined that Leng Ruxue must have reached the stage on par with Great Emperor.

“How could she improve so quickly?” Jian Wushuang creased his eyebrows.

“Although a Primordial Great Sinner has advantage in cultivation, she shouldn’t have reached the level of Great Emperor in only tens of thousands of years. From what I see, she definitely received an impressive opportunity,” King of Venomous Worms’ voice rang in Jian Wushuang’s head.

Jian Wushuang nodded in silence. He obviously thought it was the only explanation as well.

“Jian Wushuang, don’t be in a hurry. She received a great opportunity and became a Great Emperor in a short time. You are not too shabby yourself!”

“Plus, you already received the seventh step of inverse cultivation skill. You only need some time until you leap to the seventh step. By then, you should be able to fight with her. You are definitely not far from possessing power enough to suppress her,” King of Venomous Worms reassured.

“Mm,” Jian Wushuang nodded heavily and he was confident too.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

There were two figures that appeared next to Jian Wushuang.

“Master…” Jian Yi looked at Jian Wushuang.

“Jian Wushuang, are you okay?” Duan Lingfeng asked.

“I’m okay,” Jian Wushuang shook his head, “The Almighties from Holocaust Sect are wiped out. The remaining are just some Real Gods and some people from Soul Snatching Palace, kill them all.”

Jian Wushuang was boiling with murderous intention. He waved and four bronze-armored Dao soldiers appeared simultaneously. In addition to Duan Lingfeng, Jian Yi and himself, they massacred the experts from Soul Snatching Palace mercilessly.

…