Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1946 Twelve Thousand Years

“It has only been a few thousand years?!” Jian Wushuang exclaimed in surprise.

In the small Green Fire World, the number of cultivators was far less than in other worlds.

However, the experts in Green Fire World were about the same compared to an ordinary Holy Kingdom.

Plus, Green Fire World continued to evolve and it was improving at a shocking speed.

Especially when Jian Wushuang came, he had brought complete guidance from Real God to Almighty level. In all aspects and a variety of them.

He had brought back enormous resources.

Jian Wushuang prepared all of that?for Green Fire World when he was in Lineage of Star.

If the guidance in Green Fire World was only to reach Real God level, at most it could give birth to Real God.

Then, Green Fire World possessed the ability to give birth to an Almighty.

Not only Sir Gods, but also Emperor Gods. Green Fire World could give birth to them but they needed time.

Besides, after Jian Wushuang returned from Lineage of Star, he improved Wushuang City at the first instant. Then, he left behind richer resources and opportunities in Wushuang City.

After that, Wushuang City became a true land of opportunity.

As long as one was powerful and lucky enough, they would receive great opportunity in Wushuang City.

“I have prepared whatever I have to prepare. I tried my best to perfect the cultivation environment in Green Fire World. Now, it depends on how hardworking the juniors in Green Fire World are,” Jian Wushuayhng smiled faintly.

He foresaw that in another few thousand years or tens of thousands of years, Green Fire World would be well-developed and there would be countless experts sparring.

Previously, Jian Wushuang had thought that Green Fire World would only possess the potential of becoming a new sanctuary in Eternal Chaotic World. However, from what it seemed, it wasn’t just that.

After that, Jian Wushuang started cultivating in seclusion in Wushuang City as well.

In the secret room, Jian Wushuang sat cross-legged.

“King of Venomous Worms, for the rest of this time, I have?to depend on you,” Jian Wushuang smiled.

“I’ll take care of it,” King of Venomous Worms nodded, “The environment in Green Fire World is outstanding, it will?be easier to recover your power of ancient tribe bloodline. With my ability, I should be able to fully recover your power of ancient tribe bloodline in five thousand years.”

“Five thousand years?” Jian Wushuang was very contented with that.

One should know that when his six stars broke, King of Venomous Worms had taken?almost seven thousand years to fix it.

Then, he only needed five thousand years, which was much shorter comparatively. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The power of ancient tribe bloodline would be passed to King of Venomous Worms while Jian Wushuang fully concentrated on studying the seventh step of inverse cultivation skill.

The seventh step of inverse cultivation skill was also the level of an Almighty.

In ancient times, it was called Chaotic Realm.

As an inverse cultivator, the current stage was known as Chaotic Supreme!

The realm was similar but the disposition was different.

Every single step an inverse cultivator took was different from the others.

Every single step taken was entirely different from an ordinary cultivator’s.

For instance, at Real God level, just how scary was an inverse cultivator as Ultimate Real God?

Jian Wushuang had been gifted with divine power and a divine body that were comparable favorably with an Emperor God at his third stage Ultimate Real God level. Hence, he could perform such terrifying fighting power at Real God level.

The seventh step of an inverse cultivator, Chaotic Supreme, was different from Chaotic Realm of an ordinary cultivator. There was naturally a huge difference.

As for where the difference was, Jian Wushuang had never reached that level. So, he didn’t know.

“I have reached the extreme limit of Ultimate Real God, my substantive soul has formed and my comprehension of?doctrine has reached the requirements. In other words, I have fulfilled all prerequisites to break through from Real God to Almighty. Next, the only thing left is an opportunity!”

“Let’s begin!”

Jian Wushuang closed his eyes and started cultivating.

He didn’t know how long he needed to breakthrough but he couldn’t be in a hurry. He had to wait patiently.

For the rest of the time, Jian Wushuang had been cultivating.

Time was merciless and it flew past.

In the blink of an eye, Jian Wushuang had cultivated for twelve thousand years in Wushuang City.

Twelve thousand years wasn’t long to many Almighties in Eternal Chaotic World. On the contrary, it was a fairly short time.

There were many immortals who cultivated in seclusion for at least a hundred thousand years or even hundreds of thousands of years.

However, to Jian Wushuang, twelve thousand years was the longest period he had cultivated for.

Although it had been man years, he didn’t intend to exit seclusion.

During the twelve thousand years, regardless of if it was Lineage of Star or Green Fire World, it was very peaceful.

Lineage of Star had gained a steady footing as the number one force in Sanctuary Alliance. With Jian Wushuang serving as a deterrent force, all forces in Sanctuary Alliance didn’t seem to have anyone who dared to challenge Lineage of Star.

With such a position, Lineage of Star developed extremely quickly. Their overall power had been stronger and their foundation became firmer too.

As for Green Fire World… Just like Jian Wushuang had expected, the speed of growth was terrifying.

In merely twelve thousand years, Green Fire World’s overall power already reached a brand new level.

There were more than a hundred Real Gods and there were countless Universe Gods. It was a pity that there had yet to be any Almighties.

Jian Wushuang also knew that with the assistance of an outstanding environment and abundant resources, it wouldn’t be difficult for Green Fire World to give birth to Universe God and Real God, or even Chaotic Real God could be nurtured much easier. However, for Almighty… Almighty was different from Real God after all.

Green Fire World had the ability to nurture an Almighty. However, to give birth to an Almighty in a short period of time, it was still quite impossible.

He reckoned that it would at least require continuous nurturing for twenty-thousand years until Green Fire World give birth to an Almighty.

In one hundred thousand years, Green Fire World should be barely comparable with a sanctuary in Eternal Chaotic World.

However, it would be unrealistic if Green Fire World wanted to continue to nurture in peace for another one hundred thousand years.

On the huge ancient battlefield.

There was a huge head lying there in silence. The huge head was boundless. Green Fire World was located at the core of the head, it was merely a small dot on the head.

At that very moment, there was a malicious-looking young man who appeared on the head.

The malicious-looking young man was Emperor God Xie Xin!

Emperor God Xie Xin had arrived at the battlefield over twelve thousand years ago through the hidden space gap.

Then, he had been wandering in the battlefield. Until then, it was already over twelve thousand years.

During the twelve thousand years, he clearly knew how great the value of the ancient battlefield he was at was.

Forget about the rest, in just twelve thousand years, he obtained various kinds of opportunities. With the opportunities, his power had increased tremendously.