Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Actually, Star Foggy Sea was in Green Fire World so long ago. It should be Xuan Yi that took it over through some method. I only needed to take care of Star Foggy Sea on his behalf and lied that I was taking care of it for Lineage of Star. As for the rest, you should know them."

Lord Spirit Sound said and then looked at Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang squinted his eyes and asked, "As you are an expert from ancient times, do you not know Xuan Yi?"

"No," Lord Spirit Sound shook her head. "I was only a small figure back then. If I were to be put on the battlefield, I would be just like an ordinary soldier, I might not even be a soldier. But as for Xuan Yi, although I saw him back then, I felt that he was very weak, his skills were far beyond mine. I am sure that he was a big figure back in ancient times. Such a big figure is not someone I would know."

Jian Wushuang was astonished.

Lord Spirit Sound and Jian Yi were the same. They were only small figures in ancient times. The kind that drew no attention.

Jian Wushuang was at least a spy back then. Hence, he had heard of Xuan Yi.

Lord Spirit Sound had never even heard Xuan Yi's name.

"I understand now. Thank you for telling me, Lord Spirit Sound," Jian Yi said.

"Like I said, you don't have to be so polite," Lord Spirit Sound smiled, "Oh yeah, I'll be staying in Green Fire World for a while. In no time, I will be wandering in the surrounding battlefield. This is my communication token. If you were to run into any trouble, send me a message."

"Okay," Jian Wushuang accepted the token straightaway.

...

In the vast void of Green Fire World.

All rulers of various forces in Green Fire World, including the higher-ups, gathered together.

In one glance, there were at least a few hundred people.

Jian Wushuang sat on a lofty throne right in the middle of the crowd.

"Everyone," Jian Wushuang's voice was loud and clear. It spread, "The experts from Eternal Chaotic World came and cast greedy eyes over Green Fire World and its boundless potential. They attempted in vain to conquer Green Fire World. However, as they are worried about Green Fire World's biggest trump card, they have already retreated. Plus, I had a discussion with them and we compromised and came to a mutual agreement."

"As for the content of the agreement..."

Jian Wushuang went through the conditions in detail.

Then, the void was in a temporary silence.

"Give thirty percent of our territory?"

Many cultivators in Green Fire World frowned.

Thirty percent of their territory was quite vast.

Plus, there were countless cultivators that lived in thirty percent of the territory. To Green Fire World. It definitely was a huge price to pay.

However, most of them understood that Green Fire World's strength was weak before various forces from Eternal Chaotic World!

They were simply not worth mentioning.

If the other party didn't care about Green Fire World's final trump card, Green Fire World might not even have the capital to negotiate.

Then, Green Fire World had only lost thirty percent of their territory and they kept their location at the skull on the ancient battlefield. From then on, they would receive many Doctrine Gems and resources too.

It was already a great outcome.

They believed that Wushuang City Master might play a major factor in it. If it was any other person who had gone for negotiation... One should know that the strongest person in Green Fire World was only a Real God.

A Real God dealing with a bunch of Almighties and even Great Emperors might not even lift their heads to look at the other party, let alone bringing up terms and conditions.

Only the legendary Jian Wushuang from Green Fire World had the guts and had the qualifications to negotiate with the entire Sanctuary Alliance, the countless experts from Eternal Chaotic World.

"Father, Brother Wang Yuan, you go ahead and arrange for the thirty percent territory. Try to complete the reallocation of cultivators in Green Fire World within a hundred years. If I'm not mistaken, the cultivators that Eternal Chaotic World sent will be arriving one after another the next few hundred years," Jian Wushuang said.

"Okay," Jian Nantian and Wang Yuan nodded simultaneously.

Jian Wushuang took a deep breath and suddenly looked at the cultivators in front of him.

"Why? Are you not happy with this?" Jian Wushuang's voice was cold.

He saw many people had lowered their heads.

Of course, they were unhappy about it.

Green Fire World was their hometown but they had no choice but to give the other party thirty percent of their territory.

If it wasn't because of their trump cards, the countless cultivators in Green Fire World would have to leave their home to head to other territories.

However, they didn't dare to say much.

"Actually, I feel the same. I am unhappy too. But I have no alternative. We of Green Fire World are at a disadvantage," Jian Wushuang said coldly. "Eternal Chaotic World is much bigger than Green Fire World and they have many more experts. Almighties alone, there were more than a thousand of them from Eternal Chaotic World who came to the ancient battlefield. On the other hand, there isn't even one Almighty that grows up from Green Fire World."

"Don't look at me. Although I have the power of an Almighty, I really didn't reach the level in terms of the realm.

Jian Wushuang paused and then continued, "With such power, what qualifications do we have to fight against various forces in Eternal Chaotic World and Sanctuary Alliance?"

Everyone went quiet.

The law of the jungle, they knew the theory very well.

Wherever they were, they spoke with fists.

Jian Wushuang looked at everyone's expressions and then he smiled, "However, don't worry too much. Green Fire World has just started to rise and we are really not comparable to Eternal Chaotic World. However, Green Fire World has great potential, far beyond the cultivators' in Eternal Chaotic World. That is also the reason why they tried so hard to conquer Green Fire World."

"With time, everyone here, including the disciples under your lead, as long as they are willing to put in effort, the overall power in Green Fire World will advance by leaps and bounds. We can take back those that belong to us."

Everyone clenched their hands when they heard his speech and their eyes were filled with hope.

There was fighting spirit that ignited in their hearts.

That scene happened to be what Jian Wushuang wanted to see.

Regardless of what Green Fire World went through, it didn't matter. However, the fighting spirit of the cultivators in Green Fire World, their unyieldingness absolutely couldn't be diminished.

As long as they continued to grow in their unyieldingness, Green Fire World would reach the level that he was talking about.

Then, Wang Yuan spoke again, "Actually, although Green Fire World paid a great price, we removed the initial danger anyway."

"Yes," Jian Wushuang's eyes were shimmering with joy.

The danger had been removed.

Ever since he found out that Emperor God Xie Xin had discovered the ancient battlefield, he had been worried.

Especially when the ancient battlefield and Green Fire World was exposed, Jian Wushuang became even more tense as he was worried that Green Fire World would take a damaging hit.

He had been trying to figure out ways and he put in his biggest effort.

When he was negotiating with experts from Eternal Chaotic World, he was also trying his best to get the biggest benefits for Green Fire World.

Then both parties reached a mutual agreement and everything was decided.

Although they had given out thirty percent of their territory, at least they managed to keep Green Fire World!

"We kept Green Fire World. I managed to keep it in the end. I risked my life back then for Green Fire World. I risked everything for all my ancestors... I didn't disappoint any of you!" Jian Wushuang clenched his hands.

At the same time, his constantly-worrying mind finally relaxed.

The relief wasn't only in his divine body but he was entirely at ease.

But the sudden relief caused Jian Wushuang's heart to skip a beat. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"This... this feeling!" Jian Wushuang's eyes were wide opened.

He had experienced this feeling multiple times ever since he had started cultivating. He naturally wouldn't find it foreign.

This was... a feeling of having a breakthrough!

It was time!

He had been in Ultimate Real God stage for so many years and it was finally time for a breakthrough!!

...