Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1984 Breakthrough

Jian Wushuang had been too tense.

He was too stressed!

The life and death of Green Fire World had been upon him previously and he hadn’t dared to lower his guard and act recklessly.

After all, with the difference of one step, Green Fire World would be doomed forever.

Now, Green Fire World was finally safe. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The danger had been removed and there would be no trouble.

Jian Wushuang finally relaxed.

However, the sudden relaxation fully enlightened Jian Wushuang. The bottleneck in his body finally loosened up.

He was going to break through!

“I have something urgent. I have to cultivate in seclusion immediately. Father, Brother Wang Yuan, please take care of the rest of the matter,” Jian Wushuang exhorted.

“No problem,” Jian Nantian and Wang Yuan nodded heavily.

“Jian Yi, assist them with all you can,” Jian Wushuang commanded.

“Yes, Master,” Jian Yi replied politely.

After that, Jian Wushuang immediately returned to his secret room in Wushuang City.

In the secret room, Jian Wushuang sat there while billowing divine power swept out madly.

“A turning point is hard to come to. If I were to miss it, no one would know how long it would take until I got the next chance!”

“Hence, regardless, I have to break through!!!”

Jian Wushuang clenched his hand and closed his eyes. He started focusing on getting onto the seventh step in reverse cultivation.

Just as Jian Wushuang was breaking through in seclusion, Green Fire World and various forces in Eternal Chaotic World were making arrangements according to their mutual agreement.

Firstly, Green Fire World gave out thirty percent of their territories!

When the higher-ups in Green Fire World announced it and started execution, it stirred up a great commotion within Green Fire World. There were countless cultivators who were raging with anger.

Especially the cultivators who were located within the thirty percent territories. There was a vast surge of public feeling. Many of them were unwilling and they caused short-term chaos within Green Fire World.

However, the chaos gradually settled down as Jian Nantian and Wang Yuan led the nine major forces to suppress and comfort them.

The cultivators who were at the bottom might not have known the ins and outs of the story and thus they couldn’t understand. But at least, the cultivators who were more powerful knew how helpless and difficult it was for the higher-ups in Green Fire World. The cultivators who were located within the territories relocated to other region under the allocation of the higher-ups.

Within a dozen years, the cultivators within the thirty percent territory were completely relocated.

Besides, the higher-ups from Green Fire World even set up a great formation within the thirty percent territory. They even told the cultivators from Green Fire World that they were prohibited to step foot in the thirty percent territory. As for the cultivators in the thirty percent territory, Green Fire World didn’t care if they could exit.

After all, besides the ten Almighties, the cultivators in the thirty percent territory were all below Real God level. Even if they came out, they couldn’t dream about making trouble within Green Fire World.

Within a hundred years, Green Fire World had already completed all necessary arrangements.

On the other hand, Sanctuary Alliance, special tribes and various forces from Eternal Chaotic World went through a dozen discussions and it took almost a decade until they reached a mutual agreement on the number of cultivators that they could send.

Then, only they started preparation. When Green Fire World was ready, they selected ten hundred million of cultivators from various forces in Eternal Chaotic World to move to Green Fire World.

Ten hundred million… sounded like it was a huge number.

However, compared to the boundless cultivators in the vast Eternal Chaotic World, it was so few.

It was just like a drop of water in the ocean.

In any ordinary big world in Eternal Chaotic World, the number of cultivators was far greater than this number.

However, various forces in Eternal Chaotic World knew that the first batch of cultivators to Green Fire World should have higher quality than quantity.

In terms of numbers, ten hundred million cultivators could definitely increase by ten or a hundred times after reproduction. However, various forces had to ensure the first batch of cultivators that they sent possessed a certain level of talent. In other words, the ten hundred million cultivators had to be geniuses in their own force or sect.

A total of ten hundred million cultivators.

Just as they were transporting the ten hundred million cultivators into Green Fire World, there was a problem that arose. It was their travel route!

Various forces in Eternal Chaotic World had originally intended to send their geniuses to Green Fire World through the space gap in ancient mystery land.

Very quickly, they realized that it was impossible.

After all, the space gap wasn’t a wormhole that had stable spacetime. Almighties or Real Gods who were more powerful could rely on their personal power to shuttle through the space gap forcibly. However, the geniuses weren’t even cultivators above Real God level.

How could they travel through the space gap?

The ten hundred million geniuses, there might be ninety percent of them who would die in the space gap.

Just as all forces in Eternal Chaotic World were deeply distressed about that, Jian Nantian informed them another route to enter Green Fire World on behalf of Green Fire World. They had to enter through Dayu World in Snow Kingdom. When they arrived outside the spacetime storm, they could pass through Green Fire World formation to enter the ancient battlefield.

However, according to Jian Nantian, it wouldn’t be easy to open the formation. On top of that, they had to transport a total of ten hundred million cultivators.

Hence, as an exchange, various forces in Eternal Chaotic World paid a large amount of Doctrine Gem to Green Fire World again as compensation.

As the ten hundred million cultivators from Eternal Chaotic World resided in the thirty percent territory and started reproducing, Green Fire World finally settled down.

From then on, Green Fire World and the cultivators living in the thirty percent territory lived their own lives without getting involved. Both parties were utilizing the environment in Green Fire World to grow.

On the ancient battlefield, all experts continued to wander and search for opportunities. However, due to the previous agreement, no Almighties dared to enter the territory where the huge skull was located.

Whoever barged in without permission and was detected would be exterminated by Sanctuary Alliance, special tribes and various forces.

No one had the guts to go against the rules.

The ancient battlefield finally steadied.

The time flew past.

In the blink of an eye, the agreement between Green Fire World and Eternal Chaotic World had been running for three thousand years.

Jian Wushuang had also been cultivating in seclusion for three thousand years

Until then…

Hong!!!

There was loud thunder and Jian Wushuang, who had been cultivating in the secret room, suddenly quivered and his eyes shot open.

There was unprecedented joy in his eyes.

“I spent three thousand years and I finally leaped over!”

“Seventh step of inverse cultivation, Chaotic Supreme. I did it!!”