Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1985 Chaotic Supreme

The seventh step of inverse cultivation… Almighty level.

In ancient times, the level was named as Chaotic Realm. In inverse cultivation, it was called Chaotic Supreme!

Right at the moment that he broke through and leaped to the step, Jian Wushuang’s divine body and divine power was transforming at a shocking speed.

Especially his divine body.

“This feeling…?” Jian Wushuang was surprised.

He realized that his divine body had started collapsing.

Yes, collapsing.

Without any influence from the outside, he had broken through and his divine body had started collapsing.

Of course, such a collapse was necessary to be reborn.

Vroom. Jian Wushuang’s divine body completely collapsed and became a bolt of energy that dispersed in the void. There was only his heart that was floating in the air and the heart contained boundless light. Jian Wushuang’s consciousness and soul were in the heart too.

Then, hualala. An enormous amount of pure energy swept towards the heart from all directions.

Jian Wushuang’s divine body gradually recovered again.

It first collapsed, then recovered… It was reorganization!!

Divine body reorganization, from limbs and organs to pores and cells, everything re-substantiated.

Jian Wushuang also noticed that the reorganization was completely purely with divine power.

Merely divine power had substantiated a divine body!!!

Transformation!

From the beginning to the end, he had transformed completely.

The moment his new divine body was reorganized, Jian Wushuang could tell that his reorganized divine body was unusual.

At the same time, Jian Wushuang was recalling the information about the seventh step inverse cultivation.

The seventh step of inverse cultivation, Chaotic Supreme, completed the perfect Chaotic divine body.

A perfect Chaotic divine body would be immune to poison, water and fire, and be immortal!

The biggest difference between a seventh step of inverse cultivation cultivator and an ordinary cultivator was the perfect Chaotic divine body.

The perfect Chaotic divine body was a constitution!

A unique supreme constitution that could make everyone feel visibly moved!

The constitution was enough to shock the world.

Jian Wushuang knew about the seventh step inverse cultivation, and he also knew about the perfect Chaotic divine body. However, he didn’t know how impressive the perfect Chaotic divine body was.

Just then, merely at the beginning of his transformation, he was shocked.

In the process of his divine body reorganizing, time continued to fly past.

In the blink of an eye, one month’s time passed.

His divine body completely reorganized and transformation ended. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He truly became an Almighty as an inverse cultivator!!

In the secret room, Jian Wushuang continued to sit cross-legged. Then, both his hands were like lightning. The original seven ancient tribe star in-between his eyebrows became eight.

Just as he broke through and reached the seventh step, his ancient tribe bloodline enhanced again in the process when his divine body reorganized.

Jian Wushuang didn’t bother with the eighth ancient tribe star then but he focused on his divine body.

He looked at his hands as he felt the energy-fueled divine body. His eyes were glistening with joy.

“This is the perfect Chaotic divine body?”

“This is the seventh step of inverse cultivation?”

Jian Wushuang muttered and he was excited.

He had completed his transformation and he could feel his divine body was special. That was why he was surprised.

“Let’s head out to give it a try.”

Jian Wushuang suppressed his excitement and appeared in an independent space.

Jian Wushuang stood in the boundless dark void quietly while there was another figure in front of him. The person was Jian Yi.

Three thousand years passed and Jian Yi’s power was only slightly behind his peak status. He would need at least two thousand years more until he recovered his power to its peak.

Jian Yi’s fighting power shouldn’t be weaker than Abysmal Saint Master when he recovered to his peak. He might even be stronger than Abysmal Saint Master.

“Jian Yi, give me your all and fight with me,” Jian Wushuang clasped his hands together when he said.

“Yes,” Jian Yi nodded.

Then, Jian Wushuang and Jian Yi launched an attack simultaneously.

Jian Wushuang didn’t draw his sword and only punched with his right hand. His fist brought about pure divine power after his transformation on the seventh step of inverse cultivation.

Hong!

A simple punch formed a terrifying storm and tore up the surrounding dark void at ease. Then, it revealed a space black hole that was a few hundred thousand miles wide.

Jian Yi didn’t go easy on him either. He punched and exploded his divine power of one in peak Chaotic Realm.

Both parties didn’t use unique skills or secret skills.

It was purely a competition of strength.

Bang!

There was a loud bang and the independent space seemed to have exploded and it trembled in balance.

Jian Wushuang’s body grew heavy and he took a few steps back.

As for Jian Yi, he only took one step back.

Judging by his look, it was obvious that Jian Yi had the upper hand.

“Jian Yi, did you exert all your strength?” Jian Wushuang asked.

“Yes,” Jian Yi nodded solemnly.

Jian Wushuang was surprised when he heard that.

Jian Yi was an expert from ancient times. His divine power was extremely pure. Even though he had yet to recover to his peak, his power was stronger than any ordinary Great Emperor’s. But Jian Wushuang’s divine power was only slightly weaker when they collided directly.

From this result, it could be said that his divine power strength could be comparable to an ordinary Great Emperor’s.

“I stepped foot on the seventh step and my divine power increased tremendously. Previously, my divine power was at Emperor God level and now I can compare to a Great Emperor favorably,” Jian Wushuang smiled.

One should know that it was purely the power of divinity!

His strength was not only relying on divine power alone.

“Jian Yi, let’s do it again. You continue to use all your strength but be more careful this time,” Jian Wushuang reminded him with a smile. Then, there was billowing divine power concentrating in his right hand. At the same time, his fierce ancient tribe bloodline power had already reached the eight star level.

“Come on!”

Jian Wushuang laughed and took a stride forward. Then, he punched directly without any other moves.

Jian Yi also punched like lightning to give full play to his power.

Bang!

There was another loud bang. However, it was Jian Yi who stumbled and fell backward for quite a distance.

Jian Wushuang didn’t even take a step back!

It was obvious that Jian Wushuang absolutely had the upper hand.

“As expected!”

There was excitement glistening in Jian Wushuang’s eyes as he looked at his right hand.

“In terms of divine power explosion, I can compare to an ordinary Great Emperor favorably. With the addition of ancient tribe bloodline power, my strength might be stronger by a notch than an ordinary Emperor God’s. Among the fifteen Great Emperors on the Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list, forget about Emperor Bai for now, my strength might be able to compare favorably with Red Dragon King, who is in second place.”