Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1994: Face Off!

“This stroke…” Jian Wushuang’s expression grew in distress.

He could feel that Master Wu’s stroke was unusual. It wasn’t just how strong the sword intention and sword posture was but most importantly, the extermination power that it brought about.

The extermination power signified that his comprehension of extermination doctrine had already reached the peak in Eternal Chaotic World. He had reached the level nine standard in Doctrine Palace.

The level nine in Doctrine Palace… The extreme limit of doctrine.

All Great Emperors in Eternal Chaotic World reached that level.

It was also an important reason as to why Great Emperor was far greater than Emperor God.

For instance, Jian Wushuang’s comprehension of doctrine was far behind Master Wu’s.

Because of the addition of extermination power, Master Wu made the stroke even more powerful. It was so powerful that it shocked Jian Wushuang.

However, although Jian Wushuang was shocked, he wasn’t fearful.

“Emperor Sword Principle…”

Vroom!!

Jian Wushuang raised Blood Mountain Sword high in the sky.

There was a bolt of Emperor manner that swept out.

In an instant, Jian Wushuang became an Emperor that ruled everything and he was holding the Emperor’s Sword.

As Jian Wushuang wielded the Emperor’s Sword, he immediately displayed a terrifying power.

Two bolts of terrifying sword intention.

Two strokes of sword shadows that could end the world.

One was an Emperor’s Sword and the other was an extermination sword, they collided.

Vroom!

The two bolts of sword intention hit and there was no vigorous bang as one might imagine. There were only noises of sword intention and divine power pressing and shattering.

Both Jian Wushuang and Master Wu were raging in anger. At the moment when the two sword shadows had yet to call victory or defeat, they competed again.

Then, both of them fought in close combat and they were meeting force with force.

“You do not know what death is. How dare you meet force with force!!” Master Wu raged in anger.

He was using a heavy sword. A heavy sword was thick and heavy, and it was best at pressing with power.

However, it wasn’t good in terms of speed.

As Jian Wushuang fought in close combat with him, he would have relied on the flexibility of his Sword Principle and his speed under normal circumstances.

But now, Jian Wushuang opted to meet force with force.

Without any pattern, competing in terms of strength and also power of Sword Principle.

“Come on!!” Master Wu bellowed.

“No one is afraid!” Jian Wushuang roared too.

the two of them fought vigorously in the void.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

There was a continuous metal clanging noise that was loud and clear. Every single collision contained boundless divine power.

The fight plunged the void into complete chaos.

The owner of Sky Sword Mountain, Sir God Mo Yu and the others were dumbfounded at the sight.

Especially when they saw Jian Wushuang meeting force with force against Master Wu without having the lower hand. They were astonished at the fact that he didn’t lose his imposing manner. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

One should know that Master Wu had gained fame through victory in fierce fights with his opponents.

The reason why he won was not only because of his strength and Sword Principle that were powerful, but more importantly, because his divine power was strong too.

The repercussion of the collision was also powerful. After continuous collisions, any Great Emperor with weaker divine power wouldn’t be able to stay standing. However, Master Wu wasn’t fearful because his divine power was strong. Even if he were to hit more than a hundred times, he would at most have a mild injury.

However, although Master Wu’s divine power was strong, he didn’t know that Jian Wushuang’s divine power was even more ridiculously strong than his.

He was an inverse cultivator!

The seventh step of inverse cultivation gave him a perfect Chaotic divine body. His divine body was entirely substantiated with divine power, which was extremely powerful. Maybe, in terms of divine power strength, it might not be able to match Master Wu’s. But his defense armor, Five Gem Armor, was far stronger than the chaotic divine treasure that Master Wu was wearing.

The truly important part was still his constitution.

Forget about the fact that it was difficult to damage his divine body when he fought directly with Master Wu, even if his divine body was injured, he could instantly recover it with divine power.

Injury simple didn’t exist in inverse cultivator at this step.

As long as one’s divine power was sufficient, he would never be injured, nor would he die.

It was really even more powerful than Master Wu’s!

As expected, Master Wu and Jian Wushuang already fought forcefully and hit one another, over a few hundred times on the battlefield. Every single hit was a full-force hit.

The repercussions of the impact caused injury to Master Wu’s divine body and his aura grew weaker.

But what about Jian Wushuang?

He was still billowing with fighting power. His aura was not diminishing but growing stronger instead!!

The power in his sword didn’t diminish either!

“How is it possible? This guy is powerful but how could his defense power be this strong too? We hit one another a few hundred times but his divine body didn’t have any injury at all? How could one have such a terrifying divine body?” Master Wu was in disbelief.

The situation then shocked him.

His divine body was damaged and his fighting power was affected. On the other hand, Jian Wushuang became stronger. If they were to persist, there would be no doubt in the result.

“Jian Wushuang, I shall let you have this sword stele as you are not weak,” Master Wu bellowed and seized the chance to leave immediately.

Jian Wushuang stood on the spot as he watched Master Wu leave. He didn’t intend to chase after him.

“Eighth place on Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list, Master Wu, he is really powerful,” Jian Wushuang complimented in silence.

Besides the trump cards, like River Mountain Map, Secret Skill of Star Palace, Star Destruction Skill, he used most of his other skills. Even so, he was barely Master Wu’s match. In the end, he relied on his advantage in his substitution to meet force with force. Then, he had managed to beat off Master Wu.

The fighting power of a Great Emperor was really unusual.

Jian Wushuang could tell that Master Wu had some trump cards that he didn’t play.

“Although I didn’t have the upper hand, at least I have a brand new understanding of my power after this fight with Master Wu. With my strength and power that was stronger by one notch than any ordinary Great Emperor, with all my skills, I should be mid-range among all Great Emperors on Heaven and Earth Supreme ranking list, but not the ones at the bottom,” Jian Wushuang smiled.

He had just broken through not too long ago. He merely relied on his transformed substitution and his divine power to reach where he was. From then on, he had great space for improvement.

Forget about the others, in terms of Sword Principle and comprehension of doctrine, he had great space for improvement.

One should know that his comprehension of Spacetime Doctrine and Reincarnation Doctrine was only at the standard of level eight in Doctrine Palace then.

When he was fighting against the other Great Emperors, they were all on the level nine. Jian Wushuang had the lower hand in terms of that.

“Don’t be in a hurry. I just broke through. I have to take my time. First, the nine sword steles in Jiu Jue Sword Mansion are a great opportunity to me.”

Jian Wushuang lifted the corners of his lip as he fixed his gaze upon the sword stele before him.