Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1995: Sword Stele!

The fight between Jian Wushuang and Master Wu earlier was extremely ferocious.

God knows how many times the surrounding void had collapsed and shattered. The ground was horrible to look at too as it had become a ruin.

However, after such a ferocious fight, the green sword stele was still towering in perfect conditions. Although there were sword lights that hit the sword stele, it wasn’t damaged at all. “I wonder what material is the sword stele made of. How could it be so tough?”

Jian Wushuang thought to himself in astonishment while he passed through the spacetime whirlpool and entered the sword stele.

In the nearby void, a speeding figure stopped.

The figure naturally belonged to Master Wu.

Then, Master Wu’s face grew grave.

“I never expected Jian Wushuang would be so powerful after breakthrough. In terms of power explosion, he was much stronger than me. His divine power is even scarier,” Master Wu muttered.

After the earlier battle, he roughly understood Jian Wushuang’s power.

Although Jian Wushuang had just broken through, he could still be considered as a Sir God. But his fighting power was absolutely not weaker than a Great Emperor’s, and he was not even the ones at the bottom among all Great Emperors.

If it wasn’t because his comprehension of doctrines was weaker, Jian Wushuang absolutely could be at the peak among all Great Emperors.

“Luckily, although I fought with him, I didn’t offend him. Otherwise, when he breaks through again in the future, or when his comprehension towards doctrine heightened, I’ll be in big trouble if he remembers me.”

“Inverse cultivators are so scary.”

Master Wu complimented and continued to leave.

…

It was an empty field inside the sword stele.

The test in the sword stele was actually very simple.

There was a sword spirit in the sword stele. The person who sits for the test in the sword stele would be fighting against the sword spirit.

The sword spirit would maintain its strength at the same level as the cultivator. Then, it would call victory or defeat judging purely by Sword Principle.

As long as one defeated the sword spirit, it meant that he passed the test.

The Sword Principle played by the sword spirit was according to the realm of the cultivator.

In terms of the realm, Jian Wushuang was merely a Sir God, which was an Early Stage Chaotic Realm in ancient times. The sword spirit naturally treated him as a cultivator of that level. Although the Sword Principle it played was meticulous, it could only compare favorably to an Emperor God who was good with swords.

As for Jian Wushuang, although his understanding of swords was slightly weaker than a Great Emperor#s, he was absolutely at the peak of all Emperor Gods.

He defeated the sword spirit with ease and he naturally passed the test.

The moment Jian Wushuang passed the test, he possessed the qualifications to cultivate the sword stele. He spent some time and cultivated the sword stele with ease.

On the ruin that was too terrible to look at, the owner of Sky Sword Mountain, Sir God Mo Yu and the rest waited in silence.

In no time, Jian Wushuang walked out of the sword stele. When he walked out, the sword stele diminished in size at a terrifyingly fast speed. Then, it merged into Jian Wushuang’s body.

The few of them instantly understood that Jian Wushuang had passed the test.

“Sword Emperor, congratulations.”

“Congratulations!” Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The owner of Sky Sword Mountain, Sir God Mo Yu and the others came forward to congratulate him and they behaved politely.

Before that, they had already noticed that Jian Wushuang had broken through his realm and guessed that Jian Wushuang already possessed the fighting power of a Great Emperor. However, it was merely a guess after all and it had yet to be verified. Even so, they were already very polite to him.

But then, they saw that Jian Wushuang and Master Wu had fought before their own eyes, there was naturally no doubt about Jian Wushuang’s power.

He was absolutely a super expert at the Great Emperor level.

“This time, thanks to Tian Jian and Mo Yu for bringing me. These Qian Kun rings are your rewards. There’s nothing to do with you next. Goodbye,” Jian Wushuang passed a Qian Kun ring to the owner of Sky Sword Mountain and waved.

The owner of Sky Sword Mountain was surprised.

He didn’t intend to accept it at first. After all, he only guided the way for Jian Wushuang. Plus, Jian Wushuang had saved his life, so he owed Jian Wushuang a favor.

However, he didn’t reject it when he looked at Jian Wushuang’s expression.

The owner of Sky Sword Mountain and Sir God Mo Yu left after that.

Jian Wushuang continued his journey in Jiu Jue Sword Mansion. On his way, he started fiddling with the sword stele.

“As expected, the sword stele contains a large number of Sword Principles and they are all meticulous and powerful. Their qualities are not found in the ones in this era,” Jian Wushuang muttered.

He had already cultivated the sword stele and he could clearly feel the Sword Principle recorded in the sword stele.

Jian Wushuang looked through the Sword Principles in the sword stele and there was a total of a hundred and thirty-six of them.

Any one of the one hundred and thirty-six of them could shake the universe if put in the current era. It was enough to make countless sword cultivators go crazy.

Regrettably, the one hundred and thirty-six sword principles were all incomplete. There was merely a fragment of the sword principle in the sword stele.

For instance, there was a sword principle named Brother Peacock. The Brother Peacock sword principle consisted of six moves, but the sword stele only had a fragment of the six sword moves. There wasn’t even one complete sword move. In other words, even if Jian Wushuang obtained the sword stele, he couldn’t practice any of those sword principles in the sword stele.

He couldn’t even cultivate one move.

“They are all incomplete sword principles. What is Sword Geek Jiu Jue trying to do?” Jian Wushuang creased his eyebrows. “Could the nine sword steles contain incomplete sword principles each, and only one who could gather all nine will receive the complete sword principles?”

Jian Wushuang felt that it was possible.

Then, he started sending messages around to enquire.

Since Jiu Jue Sword Mansion had come into the world, there were more than five sword steles that were taken away. If the sword steles were similar to the one Jian Wushuang had, they only contained fragments of multiple sword principles. The few experts who obtained the sword stele shouldn’t be calm.

The truth was as such too.

When the few experts who had obtained sword steles with sweat and tears realized that the sword steles only contained incomplete sword principles and not even a complete sword move, they couldn’t calm themselves down and looked around and asked the others who had obtained the other sword steles.

In the end, they came to a conclusion.

The sword principles in the sword steles did require combining a few steles together for a complete version. However, there was no need to collect all nine of them. Under normal circumstances, a sword principle would only be split into two or three sword steles. Only when they obtained the two or three sword steles that recorded the sword principle would they be able to cultivate the sword principle.

In other words, it was useless to get only one sword stele.

“It seems that I need to figure out ways to get more sword steles,” Jian Wushuang creased his eyebrows.