Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1996: Incomplete Sword Principle

Jian Wushuang continued to wander in Jiu Jue Sword Mansion for the rest of the time.

The nine sword steles in Jiu Jue Sword Mansion, although there were five that were taken, including Jian Wushuang’s, there were four remaining that were scattered in various corners.

The remaining four sword steles were found but because the test was too strict, they were yet to be claimed by anyone.

Jian Wushuang had already found the locations of the four sword steles through Sanctuary Alliance. Now, he was looking for them, one by one.

However, there were too many cultivators that were eyeing the four sword steles. There were more than a hundred Almighties in Jiu Jue Sword Mansion who were eyeing the sword steles. There were many among them who were faster than Jian Wushuang. Among the four sword steles, there were three that had already been claimed by the others when Jian Wushuang rushed over.

Only to get the last one did Jian Wushuang manage to get there in time.

There was a green sword stele that was towering there.

Among the nine sword steles, it was the last sword stele with no owner.

Before the sword stele, there were many experts. They came for the sword stele but they couldn’t pass the test.

Hence, the experts could only watch even though they knew the sword stele was valuable.

Swoosh!

Jian Wushuang’s body suddenly appeared before the sword stele.

The surrounding people immediately looked at Jian Wushuang.

“It is Sword Emperor!”

“He is finally here!”

“The test in this sword stele, none of us could pass. Even Master Wu, who was powerful, tried it and failed. In Jiu Jue Sword Mansion now, the only one who could possibly pass the test should be Sword Emperor.”

“Mm, if nothing unexpected happens, Sword Emperor definitely can pass this test.”

The experts at the scene were extremely confident in Jian Wushuang.

They went to try the test in the sword stele and they knew the test content of the sword stele.

Because they knew about the test content, they were certain that only Jian Wushuang can pass the test out of all the cultivators in Jiu Jue Sword Mansion.

Jian Wushuang didn’t delay any further and stepped foot into the sword stele before everyone.

He appeared in an empty land again and Jian Wushuang was facing a sword spirit again.

However, the sword spirit seemed to be different from the sword spirit in the other sword stele.

Previously, the sword spirit was purely testing the Sword Principle and it would perform a different level of Sword Principle according to the cultivator’s realm.

The sword spirit in this sword stele would still perform according to the cultivator’s realm but the cultivator was supposed to take up a skip-stage challenge.

For instance, Jian Wushuang was a Sir God but the fighting power that the sword spirit displayed was the level of an Emperor God.

Skip-stage challenge!

In other words, a Sir God had to defeat an Emperor God in order to pass the test.

An Emperor God had to defeat a Great Emperor directly.

Great Emperor was a Great Emperor, so who knew how powerful the sword spirit that he fought against would be.

However, the skip-stage challenge might be nothing in ancient times but in the second era… it was difficult for one at the Almighty level to take up the skip-stage challenge.

It was almost impossible.

For instance, Underworld God, who was widely acknowledged as the number Emperor God, could barely fight with an ordinary Great Emperor.

In such a situation, there was naturally no one among the Almighties in Jiu Jue Sword Mansion who could pass the test.

However, the test that they couldn’t pass was too easy for Jian Wushuang.

“Skip-stage challenge? For me to defeat an Emperor God?” Jian Wushuang chuckled.

The sword spirit only recognized realms but didn’t know the scariness of Jian Wushuang as an inverse cultivator. Hence, the sword spirit only revealed the fighting power of an ordinary Emperor God.

Jian Wushuang could easily kill an ordinary Emperor God before the breakthrough, let alone now.

In an instant, the sword spirit was defeated by Jian Wushuang and the last sword stele fell into Jian Wushuang’s hand as he wanted.

Then, Jian Wushuang had two sword steles in his hands.

“Two sword steles. I hope there will be a complete Sword Principle.”

Jian Wushuang was looking forward to it. He started inspecting the new sword stele carefully.

After reading through, Jian Wushuang was disappointed.

Or it should be said that he was too unlucky.

Then, the sword steles that he had gotten then were vastly different from the sword stele that he obtained earlier.

Previously, the sword stele had contained a hundred and thirty-six sword principles.

But now, the new one only contained one hundred and eight. Most importantly, among the one hundred and eight sword principles, only twelve were associated with the one hundred and thirty-six sword principles.

To make it worse, the associated twelve sword principles were still incomplete.

In other words, the twelve sword principles still required another sword stele.

“He just left behind some sword principles. Does Jiu Jue have to make it this troublesome?” Jian Wushuang was distressed.

A total of nine sword steles, he got two steles alone, which are considered the best. However, even though he got two at the same time, he still couldn’t cultivate any one of the sword principles or even one move.

“Jiu Jue scattered the ancient sword principle so complicatedly onto the nine sword steles. If I were to be unlucky, even if I got four or five sword steles, I still might not be able to get a complete ancient sword principle. Let alone in the current situation where I just got myself two sword steles,” Jian Wushuang squinted his eyes.

He was sure that even if he relied on his power to grab the sword steles from the others, he might be able to get a sword principle that he was happy with.

Even so, there was only one route in front of him.

“Among the twelve sword principles that are more complete, I shall pick one or two that are most suitable for myself. Then, I shall ask the experts who got a sword stele one by one. After that, we will negotiate an exchange and I can get the sword stele from them,” Jian Wushuang thought to himself.

In the beginning, he was thinking of getting a large number of ancient sword principles from the nine sword steles.

At least ten to twenty of them, but then… He couldn’t even dream of getting ten ancient sword principles. He would be satisfied if he could get one or two complete ancient sword principles.

Jian Wushuang immediately started to choose among the twelve sword principles that were closer to completion. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Every one of the twelve sword principles was powerful and meticulous.

Even though the twelve sword principles were incomplete, Jian Wushuang still knows some simple information.

“Ninth Heaven Stroke, nine sword move, one move to the first heaven…”

Jian Wushuang looked through the information about the twelve sword principles and tried very hard to pick the one that suited him the most.

…