Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2002: It

The Eternal Chaotic World was boundless.

Besides the core ten cultivation sanctuaries, there were boundless Holy Kingdoms that were human territory.

There were countless Holy Kingdoms and they make up ninety-nine percent of human territories.

Among the countless Holy Kingdoms, one of them was the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire.

Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire was located at the border of Eternal Chaotic World and it was further away from the ten cultivation sanctuaries. The quality and standard of the cultivators were naturally not as high as those in the ten cultivation sanctuaries. However, as the Monarch of Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire was powerful, he was at the top among Chaotic Real Gods, there was no drastic change in the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire over the years when he ruled Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire.

However, that day… Vroom.

The entire territory that was conquered by the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire suddenly shook vigorously.

There was no symptom before the vigorous shake. It happened all of a sudden and it became more and more vigorous. To the point where the spacetime became chaotic.

The cultivators in the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire, including the higher-up Real Gods and the Monarch of Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire, who was a peak Chaotic Real God, were astonished.

“What’s going on?”

In the imperial city, the Monarch of the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire looked cold as he looked down upon the large numbers of cultivators kneeling before him.

The people kneeling before him were just as confused.

“Quick, find out the source of this violent shaking!”

The Monarch of Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire immediately commanded.

Very soon, the Monarch of the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire found out that the source of the violent shaking was from the boundless dark void.

In the territory of the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire, in the middle of the boundless dark void, there was a huge crack.

The crack seemed to be a slash by someone with thunderous measures that had caused a crack from the middle of the entire Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire.

Too long.

The crack was too long and it was across the vast territory of the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire.

After the crack appeared, it was expanding at a terrifyingly fast speed.

It was originally a small crack but it slowly became a gully between heaven and earth.

In the gully between heaven and earth, there was a dim light that was growing brighter.

“What, what’s going on?”

The Monarch and the cultivators in the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire were terrified. They didn’t understand what had happened and they couldn’t do anything about it.

They could only watch as the gully grew bigger, as the dim light grew brighter.

Finally, the dim light reached the border of the gully and it obviously extended to the other end of the gully as well.

In the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire, there was a huge object that descended!

It was black but glowing. It was extremely mysterious.

It was huge. It extended from the gully and replaced the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire’s boundless territory.

It was fierce. The moment it appeared, it pressed at Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire like it was breaking a piece of deadwood.

The territory of the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire, including countless cultivators had almost no space for struggle but instantly vanished into thin air.

Even the Monarch of Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire died an instant death under its pressure.

In the blink of an eye, at the very moment it descended, the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire that was originally in the territory vanished into thin air. There wasn’t any trace left behind.

After the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire disappeared entirely, it descended on the territory.

It was huge in size. Its size was equal to the size of a Holy Kingdom.

It was round and its shape looked exactly like a black steel ball.

It gave out an ancient yet mysterious aura. After it landed, it started spinning gradually. As it spun, the mysterious black steel ball slowly moved to the surrounding territory.

Its travel speed wasn’t fast but its power was terrifying.

Everywhere it passed would be destroyed.

The huge, black steel ball that was the size of a vast Holy Kingdom started moving to the other surrounding Holy Kingdoms after it landed on the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

At the surrounding of the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire, it was right next to another huge holy kingdom. The distance between the two holy kingdoms wasn’t far.

The black steel ball only vanished the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire for less than half a month and it arrived at the border of the other holy kingdom. When it arrived, its speed didn’t diminish but continued to jostle and elbow its way as though it was breaking a piece of deadwood.

The worlds and the territories were rolled over by the black steel ball mercilessly.

It was just like a huge millstone. It grinds wherever it goes.

After it ran through the holy kingdom, the territories of the holy kingdom were destroyed.

After the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire, the other holy kingdom vanished into thin air as well.

However, the emergence of the black steel ball and the ability to vanish everything caught the attention of the cultivators around the Holy Kingdom of Celestial Fire.

As they were astonished, the cultivators took turns to launch attacks at the black steel ball. But, it didn’t cause any effect on it at all.

There was even an Almighty who got involved personally but he didn’t manage to stop it at all.

The black steel ball continued to roll its way without hindrance and wipe out everything along the way.

Sanctuary Alliance received the news about the existence of the black steel ball very soon.

In an instance, the entire Sanctuary Alliance and the entire Eternal Chaotic World was astonished.

…

Green Fire World, in a secret room in Wushuang City.

In the secret room that was extremely spacious. Jian Wushuang stood holding a sword.

There were figures in bronze armor standing around him.

The figures in bronze armor were Dao soldiers. There was a total of over ten of them.

Suddenly, the Dao soldiers moved at the same time.

Every one of them revealed terrifying power.

In terms of power alone, the Dao soldiers absolutely reached the level of a Sir God. There were over ten Dao soldiers who attacked at the same time while Jian Wushuang only smiled.

Vroom!

There was a shapeless sword intention that soared and Jian Wushuang turned into a black hole.

A black hole that could swallow all power.

In the black hole, the sword in his hand was wielded.

Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow!

There were sword lights that extended from the black hole and collided with the Dao soldiers’ fists.

Along with the low thuds, the Dao soldiers retreated from the impact.

One should know that Jian Wushuang merely used the limited power of a Real God since the very beginning. It was far from a Sir God level power.

The power exploded was much weaker than the Dao soldiers and there were more than ten Dao soldiers that attacked him simultaneously. However, Jian Wushuang blocked the Dao soldier’s attack easily and he even beat them off.

It was a sword principle that Jian Wushuang had performed.

Sword Principle Xuan Luo, one of the four moves in the sword principle… Mixed Elements Spirit!