Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 203: Breakthrough! Four Sword Essences Were Combined! Exceptional Gold Core Realm!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Facing the fierce attacks from the long spear, the geniuses from the Cosmos Empire were hastily trying to stop and resist it, including Gu Yan and Zhang Kong.

At the same time, Baili Chen, Feng Yutian, and Mu Yingying directly glided out, with a slightly frenzied glistening in their eyes.

Boom!

The terrible thundering sounds were suddenly heard in the Void. Yang Zaixuan had already engaged himself in a confrontation with Ling Xueyu.

Rumble...

The energy waves were violently rolling. However, when the waves were about close in on Jian Wushuang, they were stopped by an Aquamarine Torrent.

The confrontation between the geniuses from the Tianzong Dynasty and the Cosmos Empire was extremely fierce as soon as it began.

Yang Zaixuan directly engaged himself in the slaughter with Ling Xueyu.

Ling Xueyu was called a monster. Sure enough, his strength was stronger than the geniuses from other Dynasties. Even Gu Yan, who was ranked third place on the standings was not his match.

However, having broken through to the Half Step Yin-Yang Realm, Yang Zaixuan greatly enhanced his strength. In addition, he cultivated the High Heaven Technique. Once he fully displayed this technique, the Heavenly Qi would transform his strength to be extremely overwhelming. Thus, Yang Zaixuan was absolutely powerful enough to engage in a fierce fight with Ling Xueyu.

As for the other geniuses of the Cosmos Empire, they already engaged themselves in the fight with Su Rou and her other three comrades.

With the monstrous aura, Su Rou displayed Aquamarine Torrent one more time. Additionally, Baili Chen and the other two comrades were around supporting her. As a result, they successfully resisted the attack from the Cosmos Empire geniuses in a short time.

It seemed that the situation in the battlefield remained a stalemate, for nobody was willing to give up.

But the truth was that the geniuses of the Tianzong Dynasty could not maintain this for a long time. Everybody was aware of this fact.

Even though Yang Zaixuan could confront Ling Xueyu, he was barely making it. Ling Xueyuhad had yet to display his full power, yet he already held the advantage. Eventually, Yang Zaixuan would be defeated.

Su Rou was in the same situation. It was not easy for her to display Aquamarine Torrent, so she could not maintain herself for a long time either.

But Jian Wushuang knew nothing about it.

At this moment, his eyes were closed and he completely engaged himself in his breakthrough.

Four sword essences could be seen slowly rising up around his body.

Yang Zaixuan and his other comrades were clear that Jian Wushuang had almost broken through. They thought the breakthrough was just in Cultivation of Spiritual Power, which was simply from the Profound Gold Core Realm to the Exceptional Gold Core Realm.

But in fact, the breakthrough Jian Wushuang was experiencing was not what they had thought.

It was a breakthrough in sword essence!

By now, Jian Wushuang activated the four sword essences that he already comprehended. Among the four sword essences, three were combined long ago, which were the Sword Essence of Gale, Sword Essence of Raging Fire, and Sword Essence of the Waterdrop. The only one that he could not combine was the Sword Essence of Earth.

The Sword Essence of Earth was the earliest and the finest one that Jian Wushuang comprehended among the four sword essences.

However, Jian Wushuang was unable to combine it with the other three sword essences ever since he had comprehended it.

But he received a chance to breakthrough during the fight between him and Gu Yan a while ago. The chance could make the Sword Essence of Earth combine with the other three sword essences.

At this moment, the Sword Essence of Earth and the other three sword essences converged. Within seconds, the four sword essences had completely merged.

Thereafter, Jian Wushuang had fully merged and comprehended the four sword essences.

The Sword Essence of Earth, the Sword Essence of Raging Fire, the Sword Essence of the Waterdrop, and the Sword Essence of Gale!

The four sword essences were perfectly combined.

A combination of four sword essences!

At the right moment when the four sword essences combined together, a shock echoed throughout Jian Wushuang’s body. In the past several months, his Cultivation of Spiritual Power was not activated at all, neither had it been enhanced. But now, the power was suddenly and fiercely activated as Jian Wushuang completed his breakthrough. Originally, he was at the peak of the Profound Gold Core Realm, but now he directly achieved the Exceptional Gold Core Realm. The whole process happened naturally.

Once the sword essence broke through!

The Cultivation of Spiritual Power broke through as well!

After the breakthrough was over, Jian Wushuang suddenly opened his eyes, burning with rage.

On the battlefield, the geniuses were still fiercely fighting.

Su Rou’s face had turned pale and wan already, but she did not give up. She was exerting her utmost strength to manipulate Aquamarine Torrent and block Gu Yan and his comrades.

Baili Chen, Feng Yutian, and Mu Yingying were the same. They had already suffered terrible injuries, but they were still risking their lives in resistance.

“Ha-ha, the power of the torrent has been greatly weakened. This lady is about to surrender. Let’s defeat the torrent together.” Gu Yan laughed as he violently hacked the Giant Axe towards Su Rou.

The Giant Axe could activate a huge thunderbolt and now the strength landed directly on Aquamarine Torrent. In no time, the torrent retreated.

Having spurted blood from her mouth, Su Rou’s consciousness began to waver and her vision became blurry; however, she did not forget her mission. “I can’t, I can’t let anybody get close to the third brother. Nobody is allowed to!” she muttered.

Wa!

Su Rou spurted blood one more time. By then, her breath was barely perceptible. At the same time, the power for Aquamarine Torrent was greatly weakened.

Su Rou struggled to hold up her head. She wanted to fight again, but the slight patting on her shoulder stopped her.

She was shocked and naturally turned around. What she saw was Jian Wushuang, who was standing behind her with a grateful smile on his face. Seeing this, Su Rou was happy and then she smiled as well.

“Wushuang, you finally achieved a breakthrough!”

Su Rou’s voice was extremely weak. Soon after she uttered those words, she closed her eyes and her limp body fell to the side.

Jian Wushuang was stunned, and then he immediately stepped forward and held Su Rou in his arms. At the same time, he took out several healing elixirs and helped Su Rou swallow them down.

Having swallowed the elixirs down, Su Rou’s breathing became more stable. Seeing this, Jian Wushuang felt relieved. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Soon after, Jian Wushuang looked around. His eyes were sweeping over the battlefields and the geniuses on them.

He first fixed his eyes on Baili Chen, Feng Yutian, and Mu Yingying.

The three just engaged in a fierce fight, and now all were grievously injured. Their breathing was weak, but they did not pass out like Su Rou. They still had slight consciousness.

Having noticed Jian Wushuang’s eyes, the three struggled to hold their heads up and looked at him.

Their eyes were filled with mixed emotions.

Seeing the three, Jian Wushuang half closed his eyes and then he gave Yang Zaixuan a glance.

The glance was enough for him to be stunned.

There, flashing into Jian Wushuang’s eyes, was Yang Zaixuan lying in a giant hole in the field center, with blood spewing out of his mouth. On his side, there was an arm.

That was a severed arm!

A severed arm that was just cut off by someone!

One glance was enough for Jian Wushuang to recognize that the severed arm was Yang Zaixuan’s.

“One of my second brother’s arms was cut off!”

Seeing the broken arm, Jian Wushuang’s body was shaking. Rumbling... his mind was wild with rage as if there were hundreds of millions of thunderbolt roaring.

Jian Wushuang’s eyes were coldly fixed on the experts from the Cosmos Empire in the front. Moments later, a monstrous, murderous intent fiercely burst out from his body. The murderous intent formed a sturdy roar, and in no time it flew to the Ninth Heaven.

“All of you have to die!”

...