Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2086 Special Tribes Alliance

“You’re right.”

One of the leaders from a special tribe stood up and said. This tribe had no prior connection with either the Ancient God Clan or the Sky Swallowing Clan.

He continued solemnly, “We had our suspicions that the Three-Emperor World was up to no good when the Sanctuary Alliance sent us the message. I have already held my own meeting with a few clans before today. Furthermore, the experts in my clan are prepared and ready for what is to come. All we need is a leader to lead us into battle.”

“If the Ancient God Emperor is willing to lead us, we will fight alongside you in this battle.”

The various clan leaders spoke the truth.

When the Sanctuary Alliance sent out the warning, most of the clans started their preparation for war.

However, the Special Tribes were different from the Sanctuary Alliance: they did not have an organization. Even if the clans were willing to fight, there was no one to round them up and organize a fighting force. It would be difficult for the individual clans to make any moves as it was too dangerous.

During these times of crisis, the four top tier clans would usually step up and gather the different clans to fight together.

However, the actions of the four top tier clans this time were mysterious.

Furthermore, there were differences in power even though all four clans were categorized as top tier clans.

Among the Special Tribes, all that a clan needed to have to be classified as top tier was for them to have a certain number of Almighty and at least one Great Emperor around.

Clans like the God Eater Clan and the Black Water Dragon barely made the cut to be categorized as a top tier clan. Even though they wanted to organize a fighting force, their influence was limited compared to the other two top tier clans: the Ancient God Clan and the Sky Swallowing Clan.

The Ancient God Clan and the Sky Swallowing Clan were the legitimate rulers among the Special Tribes. They were far more powerful and had a stronger foundation compared to the initial two clans. Furthermore, there was more than one Great Emperor within each clan. For example, within the Ancient God Clan, there had been two Great Emperors since the earliest days. King Zhan Cang and Jian Wushuang eventually joined their ranks to make the clan even stronger.

Even though there were not many people from the Sky Swallowing Clan, they were definitely powerful. According to myths, they had as many as three Great Emperors.

Under normal circumstances, as long as any of these top tier clans would step up and take the lead, it would be enough to gather the Special Tribes.

However, the two top tier clans did not take the lead.

Ancient God Clan had just had a civil war and no one knew what the mysterious Sky Swallowing Clan was doing.

It was not until after the end of their civil war when the new Ancient God Emperor, Jian Wushuang, gathered the various leaders of the Special Tribes.

Most of these leaders were already willing to participate in the fight.

The remaining leaders made up their minds when they saw the Dark Millstone.

“Ancient God Emperor, my clan is willing to fight!”

“My clan will fight too.”

Voices of different leaders echoed out as they stood up to show their willingness to fight.

Even the leaders of the two remaining top tier clans, the Black Water Dragon Clan and the God Eater Clan, declared that they would fight.

All who had yet to declare their stance among the crowd was Sky Swallowing Clan and the Black Bone Clan.

At the banquet, the various leaders and experts looked at the quiet Ba Su.

Jian Wushuang shifted his view and looked at Ba Su as well.

“Mr Ba Su, what is the stance of the Sky Swallowing Clan?” Jian Wushuang asked politely. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Ba Su looked up slightly and smiled devilishly. He spoke, “The Three-Emperors World is the common enemy of the Eternal Chaotic World. Since everyone here is willing to fight, the Sky Swallowing Clan will definitely fight together with everyone. When the battle starts, we will be at the forefront.

“Oh?” Jian Wushuang squinted his eyes slightly.

‘Be at the forefront of the battlefront? What an empty promise.’

Jian Wushuang thought to himself silently.

“Ancient God Emperor. Even though everyone here has agreed to fight, how are we going to do it? We can’t possibly do our own things when the battle starts, right?” Ba Su looked at Jian Wushuang devilishly and asked.

“Yes. Mr Ba Su is right. Since we are going to ally with the Sanctuary Alliance to fight, we need to find a way to properly unite. I suggest that we emulate the humans and form a Special Tribes Alliance. What do all of you think of this idea?” Jian Wushuang smiled.

“Special Tribes Alliance?”

The various leaders and top tier experts looked at each other and started discussing.

Within moments, they managed to come to a consensus.

“Ancient God Emperor, we agree that we should form the Special Tribes Alliance,” Black Water Dragon Emperor said. He was the leader of one of the four top tier clans, the Black Water Dragonr Clan.

The Black Water Dragon Clan was a clan which had a long and rich history. Their leader, the Black Water Dragon Emperor, was a beautiful woman in black clothes. Even though she was beautiful, no one dared to look at her twice as she was a famous viper. Furthermore, she was a powerful great emperor and no one dared to disrespect her.

“The Special Tribes should have formed an alliance long ago.” The Black Water Dragon Emperor laughed charmingly.

Every other leader nodded their head in agreement.

The leader of Black Bone Clan Hei Qi, who was reprimanded by Jian Wushuang, stood up and asked, “The Black Bone Clan has no objection in forming the Special Tribes Alliance. My concern is: who will be the leader of this alliance?”

“Leader of this alliance?” Everyone was stunned.

The beauty in black clothing, the Black Water Dragon Emperor said, “This alliance is made up of all the Special Tribes. There isn’t a need for there to have one single leader. We can have four or five leaders who manage the Special Tribes Alliance together. Is this not better?”

“Yes.” All the experts present nodded their heads in agreement.

If the alliance only had one leader, the leader would be far too powerful. If he was a selfish person or had a strong will, he would have complete control of the Special Tribes.

This was not what all the Special Tribes wanted to see.

Hei Qi smirked coldly upon hearing this.

“It may be better if we have more leaders within the alliance, but do not forget that we are going to ally with Sanctuary Alliance!”