Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2099 Defea

The experts from Holocaust Sect were stopped in their tracks by the five war spirits.

Even the man in the crimson red cloak felt great pressure when he was facing the five great emperors

This meant that the reinforcements from the Holocaust Sect were not useful to the Sky Swallowing Clan and the Acheron Palace in any way.

On the battlefield, the disadvantage that the Sky Swallowing Clan and the Acheron Palace had got bigger and bigger.

Not too long after the experts from the Holocaust Sect had reached the battlefield…

Rumble~~~ Waves of aura swept the battlefield.

Large numbers of densely packed experts appeared at the edge of the battlefield. These were people led by King Zhan Cang from the Ancient God Clan and the leader of the God Eater Clan.

When Jian Wushuang reached the Black Water Dragon Clan, he saw the formation put in place to isolate the time space. This verified his deduction and he immediately transmitted a message to King Chen Xing to rush to reinforce the Black Water Dragon Clan when he settled the chaos within the God Eater Clan.

Two great emperors led large numbers of experts from the Ancient God Clan and the God Eater Clan as reinforcements and they arrived!!

They charged onto the battlefield straight away.

The Sky Swallowing Clan and the Acheron Palace were already at a disadvantage. With the arrival of the reinforcements, the battle power of both sides were further pulled apart.

“We can’t win this. Leader Ba Su, leave immediately!”

The old man in black robes roared as he brought the remaining forces from Acheron Palace and retreated.

“We are also leaving!!”

The man in the crimson red cloak from Holocaust Sect yelled. The members of Holocaust Sect who had been fighting the five war spirits backed off.

As for the Sky Swallowing Clan…

Ba Su was completely suppressed by Jian Wushuang. However, he had had a clear view of the battlefield since the start of the battle.

He knew that they had no chance in winning this battle from the moment King Zhan Can and the experts from the God Eater Clan arrived.

“Bastard!!!” Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Ba Su was screaming in his mind, enraged.

The Sky Swallowing Clan had been well prepared for this attack on the Black Water Dragon Clan.

According to the plan, they had an eighty percent chance of success of destroying the Black Water Dragon Clan silently and stealthily.

But now…

“Jian Wushuang, damn this Jian Wushuang!!!”

Ba Su stared at Jian Wushuang.

During the coronation ceremony, Jian Wushuang had defeated him and messed up his plan.

This time, it was due to Jian Wushuang again.

He had managed to see through the elaborate plan and brought reinforcement from the Black Water Dragon Clan early. Now, Ba Su had to retreat.

“Bastard, I will kill you sooner or later.”

Ba Su roared from the bottom of his heart. No matter how unwilling he was to resign himself to his fate, the defeat of his clan was unavoidable.

“Retreat!!”

Ba Su shouted as he backed off quickly.

The experts from the Sky Swallowing Clan started to retreat.

Experts from the Ancient God Clan, the Black Water Dragon Clan and the God Eater Clan chased them down at full force.

Along the way, they tried their best to kill the opponent.

Jian Wushuang looked at the people running away and thought.

“The Sky Swallowing Clan, Acheron Palace and Holocaust Sect had eight great emperors. No matter what, I have to kill some of them”

Jian Wushuang looked at the crowd in front of him. He quickly focused himself in one direction.

In that direction, there were eight experts. Among them were two great emperors.

One of them came from Acheron Palace, while the other came from the Sky Swallowing. They were ordinary stage one great emperors.

“It will be the two of them then,” Jian Wushuang said with great killing intent.

Rumble~~~ Divine power mixed with endless power of space time surged like waves across the air.

Jian Wushuang stretched out his right hand as he clenched his fist in the direction of the two great emperors.

“Ancient God secret skills, Moon Picking Skill!!”

Hum~~~

The spacetime trembled as the limitless power of spacetime flooded the area which the two great emperors were at. The entire space was sealed off immediately.

The entire heaven and earth and power of spacetime gathered there and suppressed the two great emperors.

At the same time, a large palm made up of pure divine power appeared out of nowhere.

It was as though this palm belonged to a mother, as it travelled quietly. It approached the two great emperors slowly.

It looked like the palm was going to pick up a flower floating on a stream lightly and gently.

Fear was clearly written on the faces of the two great emperors within the sealed space.

They struggled furiously and tried their best to escape the confinement, but nothing they did could break them free. They could only look at the palm as it slowly approached them.

Hum~Hum~Hum~

Soft humming could be heard in the space before it turned completely quiet.

As for the two great emperors, they turned pale as the auras on their body weakened as though they were men at the brink of death.

When Jian Wushuang used all his might and skill, even top tier stage two great emperors like Ba Su would be heavily injured. The two ordinary stage one great emperors were lucky to even survive.

Even though they managed to survive the secret skill, King Chen Xing and the Black Dragon Emperor caught up with them and killed them.

There was nothing they could do, not even soul ignition, before they were killed.

Upon seeing this, Jian Wushuang smiled coldly.

“I finally understand why Emperor Bai was able to kill great emperors so easily,” Jian Wushuang muttered.

Every great emperor had their own unique techniques. Their ability to save their own lives and run away were extremely strong. It would be difficult for two great emperors with similar power levels to kill each other.

For a stage two great emperor, it would still be extremely difficult to kill a stage one great emperor as he would need to be wary of soul ignition.

However, if one were a top tier stage two great emperor, killing a stage one great emperor would not be so difficult.

Jian Wushuang possessed the ability to kill most stage one great emperors with the aid of his Moon Picking Skill.

Emperor Bai was much stronger and scarier than Jian Wushuang, hence it would be even easier for him to kill great emperors.

Ba Su and the remaining six great emperors ran even faster when they saw the death of the two great emperors. They were all shocked.

Jian Wushuang was not able to do anything to the remaining great emperors and could only help kill those two great emperors .

The experts from the three different clans stopped chasing after inflicting heavy damage to the Sky Swallowing Clan, the Acheron Palace and Holocaust Sect. The battle was finally over.