Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2102 Soul Swallowing Pearl

"See, even if Jian Wushuang did manage to find the Holy Object, they could do nothing more than stare at it," Ba Su sneered.

The black-robed elder nodded.

At this moment, within the Sky Swallowing Clan.

Jian Wushuang, the Black Dragon Emperor, and the God Eater Clan leader had gathered.

"Ancient Emperor, we have wiped out almost their entire clan. As for the minority that managed to escape, our forces are chasing them down now." King Chen Xing said.

"That Ba Su's got some tenacity. Seeing how we wiped out his clan, he and his experts simply watched." Jian Wushuang mumbled.

Jian Wushuang was impressed by Ba Su's decisiveness and cruelty.

If it had been himself, if someone had slaughtered their way into his hometown, Green Fire World, he would have thrown himself into battle even if it meant certain death.

"Hngh, he can hide for all he wants, but the moment he shows his face, the three clans will annihilate him." Black Dragon Emperor said.

The God Eater Clan leader had the same thought.

Amongst the special tribes, the expert-blood-sucking Sky Swallowing Clan had always been a public enemy, but no one dared to act upon it.

But that hatred never diminished.

With this opportunity of a lifetime, the Black Dragon Clan and God Eater Clan left no mercy.

At this moment...

"Ancient Emperor."

King Zhan Cang appeared behind Jian Wushuang.

"What is it?" Jian Wushuang asked.

"Our experts have found a well hidden dungeon within their lair with a huge seal. The seal is so powerful that even I am unable to break it," King Zhan Cang said.

"Oh?" Jian Wushuang looked over.

Both the Black Dragon Emperor and God Eater Clan leader looked over astonished.

King Zhan Cang had recently ascended as a nine-star Ancient God, a true Great Emperor. A seal even he could not break, under a well hidden dungeon. This piqued their curiosity.

"Let's go take a look."

Jian Wushuang smiled. Led by King Zhan Cang, they soon appeared in front of the dungeon.

Deep within the dungeon was a strong seal, sealing all aura within the dungeon. An average expert could not sense anything with his Soul Power.

Luckily with the Great Emperor King Zhan Cang, his strong Soul Power allowed for the discovery of the dungeon.

"Is this the seal? Let me try," Black Dragon Emperor charged forward and landed a heavy blow on the seal.

This seal started to shake frantically across the dungeon, but after a while it stopped.

"What?" the Black Dragon Emperor was astonished.

A Second Stage Great Emperor like her, using her full strength, was unable to break it?

"Interesting," Jian Wushuang laughed. "Such a well hidden dungeon, with such a strong seal. I wonder what's inside."

With a smile, Jian Wushuang made his move.

He did not even wave his sword, he simply lifted his finger.

But within that finger was such strong Divine Power and Bloodline Power, much stronger than the Black Dragon Emperor's blow.

Hong!

A direct blow to the seal.

The seal had already been significantly weakened from King Zhan Cang's and the Black Dragon Emperor's attacks, now with Jian Wushuang's blow... the seal could not take much more.

Hualala~ Divine Power could be felt dissipating as the seal collapsed.

"Come, let's go in."

They followed the smiling Jian Wushuang into the dungeon's interior.

As they entered the dungeon, Jian Wushuang immediately felt a strong, unique aura coming from within.

"This aura... looks like this dungeon is hiding something," Jian Wushuang laughed and quickened his pace.

Before long, they reached a plot of ground in the centre of the dungeon. Over there, they could feel the source of that aura.

In the middle there was a mysterious pearl, its size no bigger than a baby's fist, floating there while its mysterious aura glowed.

There were layers of special powers around the black pearl, Jian Wushuang knew what it was. It was Soul Power!

It was pure Soul Power without impurities.

"This pearl?" Jian Wushuang had his eyes fixed on that black pearl. He could feel the billowing Soul Power coming from within the pearl. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

The Soul Power was too strong.

"Such enormous Soul Power, could this pearl be the legendary Holy Object, the Soul Swallowing Pearl?" The God Eater Clan leader gasped.

"The Soul Swallowing Pearl?" Jian Wushuang's gaze shifted towards the leader. "Clan Leader An Quan, you know the history of this pearl?"

An Quan was the name of the God Eater Clan leader.

"Indeed I do." An Quan nodded. "The Sky Swallowers did possessed a Holy Object related to Soul Power, and it came from the First Era, from the hands of their first leader. It's name is the Soul Swallowing Pearl. But such a long time has passed since we last saw any Sky Swallowing Clan leaders use it, so I always thought it was simply a legend. Looks like I was wrong."

"A Soul Power treasure from the First Era? King Chen Xing, you were from the First Era, did you ever hear of it then?" Jian Wushuang asked.

"I've heard of it, but not much," King Chen Xing replied.

Jian Wushuang frowned and took out Emperor Bai's transmission token.

Emperor Bai was one of the strongest experts from the First Era, he definitely knew more than King Chen Xing.

"Emperor Bai, have you ever heard of the Soul Swallowing Pearl during the First Era?" Jian Wushuang asked directly.

"The Soul Swallowing Pearl? The prized possession of the Sky Swallowing Clan, known as the strongest Soul Power treasure around then..." Emperor Bai began his story.