Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2106 Soul Attack

"My soul has always been weak. It was one of my weaknesses. Now... the power of my soul is equivalent to a top tier stage one great emperor. With the help of Five Gem Armour and Soul Swallowing Pearl in defence, no one can harm my soul in this Eternal Chaotic World."

Jian Wushuang was absolutely confident of this.

"It is not just pure defence, even my soul attack... How strong will my soul attack be with my current soul power and the help of Soul Swallowing Pearl? Let's find someone and test it out." Jian Wushuang was excited.

"King Chen Xing, please make your way to the underground palace." Jian Wushuang transmitted a message to King Chen Xing.

Upon receiving the message, King Chen Xing rushed to the underground palace. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The guards outside received word from Jian Wushuang that King Chen Xing was entering, so they let him through without any problems.

"Emperor!"

King Chen Xing stood respectfully in front of Jian Wushuang. He noticed that the Soul Swallowing Pearl disappeared from the place it was originally at.

"The Soul Swallowing Pearl?" King Chen Xing was shocked.

"I have successfully refined it." Jian Wushuang smiled.

"Congratulations, Ancient God Emperor!" King Chen Xing cheered.

He had heard of how powerful the Soul Swallowing Pearl was. Now that Jian Wushuang had control over it, his fighting power ....

"I refined the pearl not too long ago. The power of my soul has risen a lot and I want to try out the power of the Soul Swallowing Pearl," Jian Wushuang said.

"Is that the case?" King Chen Xing nodded his head as he understood the reason Jian Wushuang had summoned him over.

"Prepare yourself, I'm going to use the soul attack," Jian Wushuang continued.

King Chen Xing took a deep breath as he prepared layers of defense on his soul. He dared not be complacent and was well prepared for the attack.

Jian Wushuang activated the pearl without hesitation as a soul attack gushed out.

The power of this soul attack rose tenfold under the influence of the pearl.

Yes, tenfold!

Jian Wushuang's soul attack should be at the level of a stage one great emperor in theory as he himself had soul power at that stage.

In reality, the soul attack he had just cast was far more powerful, as it could even harm a stage two great emperor.

Without surprise, the soul attack rammed through the defence King Chen Xing had set up as it smashed onto his soul.

King Chen Xing shuddered and moaned. His face turned pale.

"How do you feel?" Jian Wushuang looked at King Chen Xing and asked immediately.

"Very, very powerful. I can guarantee that no one whose soul power has yet to reach the level of a great emperor can successfully defend against that attack. Even I needed a great amount of effort and preparation to deal with it. If you cast this attack with the element of surprise..."

"I would not be able to fend it off. Even though I would not be severely injured, there would be a brief period of emptiness in my consciousness," King Chen Xing said seriously.

"Oh?" Jian Wushuang's face lit up.

An expert's soul would have to take a heavy hit in order to create a brief period of blankness in his conscious.

King Chen Xing was a stage two great emperor. Even when he was well prepared, the soul attack still created this brief period of blankness. This proved how powerful the soul attack was.

Without a doubt, if Jian Wushaung cast soul attack with the help of the Soul Swallowing Pearl, his soul attack could even threaten a stage two great emperor.

Another point to note was that he had cast this soul attack without any soul attack secret skills!!

To maximise the power of a soul attack, one needed to cast the soul attack together with a soul attack secret skill.

Without using a secret skill, his soul attack could already threaten a stage two great emperor. What if it was combined with a soul attack secret skill?

"I used to master soul attack secret skills such as the Five Beast Soul Manipulation Knack, the Secret Skill of Tian Yuan and Eighteen Asura Hell. However, all three of these secret skills are of very low level. Even the creator of the most powerful Secret Skill of Tian Yuan was at the level of Sir God," Jian Wushuang thought thought to himself.

His current opponents were all at the level of great emperor. How could he use a secret skill at the sir god level when his soul power was at the level of a great emperor and he possessed the Soul Swallowing Pearl?

"Looks like i have to find a way to get my hands on a strong soul attack secret skill. I shall ask Emperor Bai when I return to the human territory," Jian Wushuang planned.

Jian Wushuang stood up after a deep breath.

"Let's leave, King Chen Xing." Jian Wushuang commanded.

"Roger that." King Chen Xing nodded his head as he followed Jian Wushuang out of the palace.

King Zhan Cang, who was guarding the palace, bowed to his emperor.

"King Zhan Cang, lay out seals around this palace. From today onwards, send experts to guard this place. Tell your men that no one shall enter this palace. Violators will be executed!" Jian WUshuang ordered.

"Yes." King Zhan Cang nodded his head.

King Chen Xing looked confused. "Ancient God Emperor, you have already successfully refined the Soul Swallowing Pearl. This underground palace is now useless. Why are you still defending it so heavily?"

Jian Wushuang smiled, "The process to refine the pearl is very complicated. No ordinary cultivators can refine it in such a short amount of time. I managed to refine it due to special reasons. No one else but the two of us knows of this. What will the Sky Swallowing Clan and Acheron Palace think?"

"Ancient God Emperor, you mean..." King Chen Xing understood what his emperor was trying to do

The power of the Soul Swallowing Pearl was extraordinary. It could turn the tide of battle in the war between the Three Emperor's World and the Eternal Chaotic World if used well. If the experts from the Three Emperor's World knew that Jian Wushuang had successfully refined this treasure, they would definitely take precautions. In order for this treasure to have its intended effect, the element of surprise was crucial.

But now...