Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 212: Fighting against Grayrobe

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Rumble...

A terrible breath of Yang Void Realm burst from Grayrobe while an overwhelming sword essence exuded from Jian Wushuang.

They stared at each other.

The moment their aura reached the peak, they disappeared at the same time.

When they appeared in the Void, the two scary attacks were colliding on-head.

The movement Jian Wushuang displayed was Idealistic Form, the first move of the Selfless Sword Technique.

Combining four sword essences, and most important, containing a stream of Origin, the strike was powerful.

On the other side, the blood-red blade Grayrobe struck was perfectly combined with Drip Sword Essence and Dark Sword Essence.

When it came to the comprehension of sword essence, Jian Wushuang, who grasped the Origin, was much better than Grayrobe.

But Grayrobe, an expert of the Yang Void Realm, was much stronger than Jian Wushuang in Cultivation of Spiritual Power.

Bang!

After the crash, Jian Wushuang shivered and his right hand, holding the long sword, became numb.

“Go to hell.”

With a sudden shout, Grayrobe turned his blood-red blade into a blood shadow of a ghost, appearing in front of Jian Wushuang soundlessly.

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

He consistently hacked four times, and each time, the blood-red blade was as fast as lightning striking down the earth.

Jian Wushuang fended against them successfully, but his body was beaten back.

“Star Destroying!” Grayrobe shouted.

With just a shout the whole vicinity started to rumble.

With a sudden outburst, a horrible breath gathered in Grayrobe, and then the blood-red blade slashed in Jian Wushuang direction.

A blood shadow flew across the Void.

Even the air was split without mercy. As far as eyes could see, a giant blood shadow like a crescent blood moon which carried unparalleled power suddenly showed up over Jian Wushuang’s head.

Jian Wushuang made a slight pupil constriction, and he could only raise his Triple-kill Sword to withstand the attack.

Bang!

Whoosh!

After a thud, Jian Wushuang was absolutely hit and fell down on the plains of the Sky Valley beneath.

Like a meteorite falling, Jian Wushuang slammed into the ground, which immediately shook the earth. All at once, a giant hole turned up.

Even when it came to this point, the battle wasn’t over at all. Grayrobe showed up above the giant hole.

“Go to hell!”

With the roaring killing intent in his eyes, Grayrobe waved his blood-red blade and stabbed along the Void.

There were ripples floating in the Void and they eventually turned into a cracy rotating bloody rainbow, which, like an electric drill, struck toward Jian Wushuang who was in the hole.

Rumble...

The whole earth was frantically quivering. A mass of gravel and dust scattered everywhere, forming an awful storm.

However, a giant spiral cave appeared on the ground when everything dissipated.

A cave around dozens of meters deep.

But there was nothing at the bottom of the cave, even not a hint of any existence of a human being.

“How could he avoid this?” Grayrobe looked aghast.

By consistent attacks, he wanted to make sure not to give Jian Wushuang any chance to endure it and recover. But, Jian Wushuang somehow avoided his attack, making his plan fall apart.

“Is this the real strength of an expert of the Yang Void Realm?” Standing in the Void, Jian Wushuang stared at the giant cave with his cold eyes and said, “It is true that you are much stronger than the experts at the Peak of the Yin Void Realm just by strength alone.”

“However...”

Jian Wushuang raised his head and looked straight at Grayrobe. His cold voice echoed between the heaven and the earth.

“Merely using strength to get rid of me, how could you have even thought that would be enough to kill me?”

“You are not qualified.”

As soon as Jian Wushuang got his last word out, he made a flash move and then appeared in front of Grayrobe.

He moved so fast that it seemed like teleportation.

Then Jian Wushuang raised his sword, a strike lashing out.

The first move of the Selfless Sword Technique, Idealistic Form.

As the sword shadow swept through it, the power of the Origin reached the apex instantaneously.

Wearing a sullen look, the Grayrobe snorted and waved his blade whose power had also reached an overpowering amount.

But when they had a head-on collision this time, Grayrobe was startled that he could not gain the upper hand at all.

Then Jian Wushuang started to perform his swordsmanship again.

But this time it was the second move of the Selfless Sword Technique, Solipsistic Form.

As an Original Sword Technique, the Selfless Sword Technique had the most horrible power if the Origin was applied to it.

In addition, the latter one was naturally much more powerful than the former in the upper six moves. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Solipsistic Form was more powerful than Idealistic Form.

Confronted with this strike, Grayrobe hurried to block it at once.

Just a moment later, he felt a great force passing through his arms, which made him feel a sharp pain in the arms and he could not help but stagger and step back.

Right after that, Jian Wushuang continued to display Sky Isolating Form, the third move of the Selfless Sword Technique.

This move was the strongest that he had at present.

Due to the quality of his preparation of the move, he was able to efficiently show the extent of his strength.

A stunning glowing golden light lashed out with great power, eventually hitting the blood-red blade of Grayrobe violently.

Even the universe was shocked by it.

Then people could see the blood-red blade in the Grayrobe’s hand drastically shaking and even starting to curve.

That horrible power passed into the Grayrobe’s body from the arms down.

Grayrobe lost hope. His body could not help but retreat.

“Excuse me, you said you wanted to kill me?” Holding his Triple-kill Sword, Jian Wushuang stood in the Void with a cold look on his face. There was an overwhelming sword essence around him, and his cold words echoed between the heaven and earth, which made him seem like a matchless blademaster.

Grayrobe fell into total astonishment.

In the Void, the experts from the twelve dynasties and the old sects could not help but suck in a breath of cold air.

As an expert such as Yang Void Realm, he was repelled by Jian Wushuang with merely three moves!

Although he was only repelled instead of being defeated or killed, it still proved that Jian Wushuang was no worse than the Grayrobe, or even better than him according to their real strength.

How could one of the Primordial Gold Core Realm repel an expert of the Yang Void Realm?

Everyone was dumbstruck.

Grayrobe’s look at present was extremely sullen.

He had never thought that Jian Wushuang, who was in the Primordial Gold Core Realm, could have so much battle strength to rival him.

“Origin! It must be the Origin!”

“The legendary Origin was so horrible.”

The Grayrobe could not help thinking of it.

The experts of the twelve dynasties and the old sects also supposed that Jian Wushuang was so strong because of the Origin.

But in fact only Jian Wushuang himself knew that powerful as the Origin could be, it couldn’t make one of Primordial Gold Core Realm fight against an expert of the Yang Void Realm.

Despite the benefit of the Origin, the victory against Grayrobe can be more attributed to the Heavenly Creation Skill.

A Cultivation Method which defied the natural order.

Indeed, he was in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm, but when his Spiritual Power erupted with the help of Supreme Gold Core, he was not weaker than experts in the Initial Yin Void Realm.

As a result, they should not regard him as a normal expert of the Exceptional Gold Core Realm.

Instead, he should be treated as an expert of the Initial Yin Void Realm.

...