Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2123 Battle against Demon King Chen Yu

The Demon King Chen Yu suddenly exploded in size and was ten feet tall. His skin completely turned into bronze and each of his eight hands gripped a different weapon: sword, bats, mirrors, seals…At the same time, a vertical third eye slowly opened in between his eyebrows. It was charming but released red light.

At that moment, all eight of his arms swung at Jian Wushuang.

Each arm gripped tight of the respective weapons as each attack brought about limitless demonic aura.

Jian Wushuang had experienced the power of these weapons first-hand before. He dared not to be careless.

“Humph!” Jian Wushuang grunted as his divine body grew in size. Arms started to grow out of his body. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

His giant divine body looked like a giant vortex that swallowed everything there was.

A special Sword Essence of Gale boiled.

Sword Principle Xuan Luo … Mixed Elements Spirit!!

Sword lights swept out in all directions.

Kian Wushuang had improved greatly over the course of half a month when he had meditated to the purple exotic beast within the Heaven Repairing Palace. His understanding of the various doctrines and his sword skills had increased greatly.

When he cast Sword Principle Xuan Luo, not only was it more powerful, the entire process had been much smoother and seemed more natural.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! ~~~

Sounds of metals crashing together rang out loud as the monstrous aura swept uncontrollably outwards.

Jian Wushuang fought the Demon King Chen Yu head on. His divine power was boiling.

Within a second, both had exchanged blows at least a hundred times!

Using his eight arms and weapons, Demon King Chen Yu attacked in a frenzy with incredible power. However, Jian Wushuang had managed to parry all the attacks without fail using Sword Principle Xuan Luo. He was unharmed.

“When I last fought this brat, he was battered and exhausted. This time, he was able to hold his ground well.” Demon King Chen Yu thought coldly. A vicious aura then erupted and swept out in all directions.

A ray of blood red light burst forth from his third eye between his eyebrows.

This light was excellent, glaring and fast. At such a short distance, its sudden appearance did not allow Jian Wushuang to have any time to defend against it.

Pfft!

The blood-red light penetrated his body and went straight for his soul.

“Haha, soul attack? It would probably threaten or kill me if it was cast back in the Three Emperors World. But now…” Jian Wushuang laughed in disdain.

He was different from when he was still in the Three Emperors World.

Ever since he had refined the Soul Swallowing Pearl, the strength of Jian Wushuang’s soul had improved significantly. His soul was no longer his weakness. It had become his advantage instead.

The power of the blood-red light was reduced when it passed through the Five Gem Armor. The remaining power was diminished by over ninety percent before it finally broke through all the defenses and crashed into his soul.

There was a slight jerk in his consciousness before it returned to normal.

Just by looking at him, he seemed to be unaffected.

“Die!!”

Demon King Chen charged after the blood-red light shot out of the eye on his forehead.

The power of the eight Divine Weapons were fully utilized, and the most terrifying among them was a blood red slash.

The powerful attack had Jian Wushuang completely surrounded.

Demon King Chen Yu thought that even if Jian Wushuang were able to block the attacks, he could not do so as there would be a blank in his consciousness after the soul attack.

In reality… Hum!

The unique Sword Essence swept over Jian Wushuang as he cast Mixed Elements Spirit, a move from Sword Principle Xuan Luo.

He managed to block the attacks easily. The powerful force barely managed to force him to take a few steps back.

“He blocked it?” Demon King Chen Yu was surprised.

Jian Wushuang regained his balance and smirked, “Demon King Chen Yu, that move was decent. It is a pity that you cannot harm me. Now, try this!”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes turned cold as the Sword Essence he radiated changed.

The essence before was unrestricted and felt like it could devour everything. At that instant, it felt like it had become the supreme power in this world.

A Will of the Emperor that surpassed even that of the Ninth Heaven swept out in all directions.

Jian Wushuang held the Blood Mountain Sword with four of his arms. A huge amount of divine power and bloodline power was transfused into the Sword steadily.

He grew in size.

At that moment, it was as though Jian Wushuang had morphed into a Supreme Emperor, and the sword that he was holding high was the Emperor’s Sword.

King Sword Principle… It was the most powerful secret skill that Jian Wushuang had.

However, King Sword Principle was apurely offensive skill. Furthermore, it needed time to channel. This was a skill used only when people wanted to use their ultimate skill head on.

On the other hand, Sword Principle Xuan Luo was a skill best used in close quarter battles.

Jian Wushuang could only cast the first move of the King Sword Principle for a long time. Even so, the power was still incredible.

Now, after half a month of meditating within the Heaven Repairing Palace, there was a leap in his understanding of Sword Doctrine and sword skills. This allowed him to cast the second move in the King Sword Principle.

The move that Jian Wushuang had cast was the second move in King Sword Principle!!

“Die!”

Jian Wushuang yelled as he slashed his sword downwards. The power had already accumulated to the maximum.

This slash split the sky.

The entire space was split into two right away. Wherever the sword slash passed, it erased everything.

Wowlala~~~

The powerful slash appeared in front of the Demon King Chen Yu.

His iris constricted when he saw this move.

He knew that just based on power alone, this attack without a doubt had already reached the power level of a stage three great emperor!

“This brat!!”

Demon King Chen Yu swung the arm which was holding the large black bat ferociously.

Boom!

A mighty shadow of a black bat appeared in the space and crashed into the slash.