Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2125 The Two Men who Broke Through

Boom! Boom! Boom!Waves of attacks were being cast by the emperor gods as they crashed heavily on the Heaven Repairing Palace.

After all these attacks, the palace started to shake vigorously.

Seeing this, Jian Wushuang’s eyes turned cold.

He was facing a choice.

The choice of whether to cast his soul attack…

Since the start of the battle, Jian Wushuang had not cast his soul attack no matter how his battle went against Demon King Chen Yu.

In reality, his soul attack was extremely powerful even without casting any soul attack secret skills or with the help of Soul Swallowing Pearl. His soul attack was powerful enough to threaten a stage two great emperor. Now that he had mastered Three Divine Lights, a soul attack secret skill from the ancient past, his soul attacks would be very powerful and destructive.

Even though he could not free himself in his battle with Demon King Chen Yu, soul attacks were very bizarre and could directly affect the emperor gods.

Once he had cast soul attack, it could instantly kill all emperor gods who were attacking the Heaven Repairing Palace.

However, once he did this, his trump card would be made clear.

Soul Swallowing Pearl and his soul attack were trump cards that he wanted to hide.

Emperor Bai also reminded him personally to not use this trump card unless absolutely necessary as it could be of great use and greatly damage the opponents during the final battle against the Three Emperors World.

The element of surprise would be lost if this trump card was revealed early to the Three Emperors World.

Hence, Jian Wushuang was hesitant.

“In this scenario, if I do not use my soul attack to kill these emperor gods, Heaven Repairing Palace might be destroyed. The huge cost that the Sanctuary Alliance incurred would go to waste.” Jian Wushuang thought as he made his decision.

“Looks like I have to use this move…”

Jian Wushuang took a deep breath. It looked like he was still keeping Demon King Chen Yu occupied and stopped him from having any way to attack.

Jian Wushuang was preparing his soul attack secretly.

Right when he was about the cast soul attack… Whoosh! Whoosh!

Two figures, one after another, dashed out from within the palace.

At the same time, two overbearing auras filled the entire battlefield.

“Huh?” Jian Wushuang looked at the two figures immediately.

One of them was a middle-aged man who wore a green shirt, while the other was a young man with white hair and eyes. Both of them looked around coldly.

They were Underworld God and Emperor God Tian Ling!!

The auras that radiated from both of them were far more powerful than that of an emperor god.

Especially an Underworld God.

His aura was on par with a stage two great emperor Abysmal Saint Master!

“They broke through?” Jian Wushuang’s eyes lit up.

Abysmal Saint Master and East Royal Emperor too were elated.

Indeed, both of them had broken through.

They were already at the brim of the emperor god realm. With the help of Heaven Repairing Palace, it was almost guaranteed for them to reach the realm of great emperor.

Both of them wanted to get more opportunities within the Heaven Repairing Palace, so they were not in a rush to break through.

Like Underworld God, he could have broken through on the fifth day in the palace. He did not waste time on breaking through as he knew he could do so even after he left the palace. Instead, he spent the time meditating.

Emperor God Tian Ling could have broken through on the twelfth day in the palace.

Both of them wanted to benefit more from the palace. However, they felt that the Heaven Repairing Palace was in danger, and hence both of them made the decision on the spot to break through.

Now, they stood in front of everyone as great emperors.

“Humph, bastards from Acheron Palace!”

Underworld God scanned the battlefield coldly as he fixed his gaze on the emperor gods attacking the palace frenziedly.

Immediately… Boom!

It looked like a simple step, but the Underworld God was like a large, demonic beast as he appeared in the middle of these emperor gods. Waves of green light engulfed everyone around.

Those lights were sharp claws, each with the ability to tear heaven and earth apart.

“Oh no!”

When the emperor gods reacted, their faces turned pale.

They had no time to block the attack.

Pufft! Pufft! Pufft!

Terrifying power killed six emperor gods straight away.

After Underworld God attacked, Emperor God Tian Ling was not too far behind.

A black spear appeared out of nowhere from behind one of the great emperors. It had an incredible aura and terrifying destructive power as it targeted the heart.

“No!” Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The great emperor from Acheron Palace was shocked. He was in the middle of a heated battle against one of the war spirits and did not expect a spear to come out of nowhere.

This powerful spear had appeared too suddenly .

Even though the great emperor tried his best to shift his body to the side to avoid striking the heart, the spear still collided hard with his divine body.

“Puff!”

A mouthful of blood came out of his mouth as he turned extremely pale.

“A top tier stage one great emperor!!”

This great emperor backed off immediately, staring at Emperor God Tian Ling in the eye as he was severely injured.

Emperor God looked at his prey coldly as he continued his attack.

Seeing this, Jian Wushuang, Abysmal Saint Master and East Royal Emperor were relieved.

The reactions of the experts from the Acheron Palace were quite the opposite. Fear was written all over their faces.

Originally, at the great emperor level, the line up had been even as each was preoccupied by another person of similar power level. This was why the emperor gods could attack the palace.

Now, with the addition of Underworld God and Emperor God Tian Ling, the balance was broken.

Underworld God, who had the power level of a stage two great emperor, charged into the lines of Acheron Palace and started a massacre.

The tides of the battle turned once these two men entered the battle.

Now, Sanctuary Alliance had the absolute advantage against both great emperors and emperor gods.

The experts from Acheron Palace could no longer threaten the Heaven Repairing Palace.

What was left to do for Jian Wushuang and his friends was for them to try their best and kill the remaining experts from Acheron Palace.