Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2141 Unstoppable Part 2

“Quick, use everything you have. Stop hiding your trump card and use it!”“Quick, use battle formation!”

Ling Zong yelled crazily.

The eyes of the great emperors turned red.

No one held back as they used all of their trump cards. The ten great emperors formed two battle formations in order to have a greater fighting power.

Boom!

As they used their trump cards, their attacks became significantly stronger.

They were much stronger in many aspects, such as speed.

Jian Wushuang was at the centre of all the great emperors. He frowned slightly when he saw the attacks.

“I should not look down on great emperors, especially when they group up together.” Jian Wushuang thought coldly.

Jian Wushuang could not defend all of these renewed attacks using Sword Principle Xuan Luo.

“Since i cannot defend it, I shall not defend it at all!”

The pressure on Jian Wushuang erupted as his aura grew again.

The Five Gem Armor he was wearing started to shine brightly as his divine power surged. His body took a step forward, but he did not attempt to block the attacks.

At last… Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The waves of attacks collided with his body.

After the collision, Jian Wushuang shook and took a few steps back before he charged forwards again.

“What?”

“This self-defense mechanism…”

The fifteen great emperors were stunned.

Jian Wushuang appeared in front of the few great emperors. The middle-aged man was the leader in one of the battle formations of incredible power.

“Break!”

Jian Wushuang roared as his Blood Mountain Sword turned into a blood-red dot, as though it was a droplet of fresh blood, and stabbed towards the formation.

Sword Principle Xuan Luo, Sanguis Extremus style.

“Humph!”

The well-built middle-aged man grunted as energy was channeled from the great emperors within the formation.

The middle-aged man slapped towards the blade.

Boom!

A colossal palm appeared out of nowhere.

This palm crashed head on with the sword.

Initially, it had looked like the two powers would be able to go head to head. However, a wave of power erupted from the blade as the palm exploded.

What remained aura the blade had continued the assault.

Boom!

Everyone, including the well built middle-aged man, backed off quickly. The battle formation broke into pieces.

“How terrifying!”

“I personally commanded the battle formation we formed. The fighting power of the formation was definitely at the peak of a stage two great emperor. However, he could destroy the formation with one attack. Without a doubt, his fighting power has reached the power level of a stage three great emperor. He is comparable to the three emperors that lead our world.” The middle-aged man sighed.

Jian Wushuang had the momentum as he used one sword skill to destroy a battle formation. He was about to attack the middle-aged man once again when he heard sonic booms behind him.

Even though the aura of the attacks behind him were not powerful, Jian Wushuang was interested.

He saw six streaks of golden light flying straight for his head.

Behind the six streaks of light was a young man with purple hair.

“Hong Jun Golden Sword?”

Jian Wushuang smirked.

The young man in purple hair was Zi Chen and he had fought Jian Wushuang before. The Hong Jun Golden Swords he wielded were the legitimate ones.

The ones Jian Wushuang was wielding were an imitation of the real ones, hence, the power was different.

Of course, that was before. Now……

“I have great use for the Hong Jun Golden Swords you wield. Hence, you shall be second.” Jian Wushuang looked at his own seven golden streaks of light before dashing towards the other six.

Seven against six, the swords collided head on.

Even though the seven Hong Jun Golden Swords Jian Wushuang was wielding were replicas, it still managed to display power equal to the real ones. Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

The six legitimate Hong Jun Golden Swords flew back without a fight.

On the other hand, the seven replica Hong Jun Golden Swords that Jian Wushuang was wielding continued to attack Zi Chen.

“What?” Zi Chen was shocked. He could not imagine how his legitimate Hong Jun Golden Swords could lose to the replica Hong Jun Golden Swords that Jian Wushuang had.

He wanted to escape when he saw the Hong Jun Golden Swords flying towards him. However, he was too late.

Seven collisions could be heard.

The seven Hong Jun Golden Swords each had power levels near that of a stage-two great emperor.

One was enough to kill Zi Chen, much less seven of them.

Zi Chen had only managed to survive the first two hits. The third sword penetrated his head while the remaining destroyed his divine body.

Within an instant, another great emperor was dead.

Jian Wushuang collected the remaining treasures and Qian Kun Ring.

“The second one.”

Jian Wushuang scanned his surroundings with a bloodthirsty smile.

To the great emperors around, this smile looked like a devil’s smile. This smile made them feel fear from the bottom of their hearts.

They gave their all and tried their best to kill Jian Wushuang. They hoped they could at least hold their ground against this monster, but…

Jian Wushuang was far too powerful!

The fighting power of a stage three great emperor was far greater than that of anyone in the area.

If Jian Wushuang simply had the fighting power of a normal stage-three great emperor like Demon King Chen Yu, they could fight head on without fear.

However, Jian Wushuang not only had the fighting power of a stage-three great emperor, but also a disgustingly powerful self defense mechanism.

He was like a maniac who did not care if he got injured. He only went on the offence. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

This method of fighting would put his life at risk, but he could be killed by this group of great emperors.

On the other hand, Jian Wushuang could kill them easily.

He was much scarier than a leader from the Three Emperors World. He had the fighting power, he had good defence and he did not care about his own injuries.

No matter how strong their leaders were, they could not afford to neglect the attacks of a group of enemies..

Unlike Jian Wushuang, who did not care at all.

He had been invincible since the start of the battle.

How to deal with such a person?

He himself had suppressed every single great emperor on the battlefield.

He had fought sixteen great emperors. With his terrifying fighting power, he made the remaining great emperors tremble in fear!!