Chapter 2160 Emperor Beas

Under the blanket of the blood-red mist, the entire place turned quiet.The Ancient Blood Beasts that surrounded Jian Wushuang couldn’t help but lower their heads.

Jian Wushuang licked his lips while he stared at this gigantic figure.

It was also an exotic beast, but it was much larger than the rest.

An ordinary Ancient Blood Beast was only 1.5m tall and no longer than 2m. Those who were at the power level of great emperors were twice the size, but no larger than 3m tall and 5m long.

However, this gigantic figure was at least 10m tall and 20m long.

This size was insignificant compared to many exotic beasts or special tribes within the Eternal Chaotic World.

Jian Wushuang was ten feet tall when he revealed his Ancient God body. If he wanted to, he can be over ten thousand feet tall.

However, this figure, compared to the other beasts, was definitely a gigantic figure.

“Looks like this is the Emperor Beast.” Jian Wushuang muttered.

Any big tribes, especially exotic beast tribes, would have an emperor, or their leader.

There were so many Ancient Blood Beasts in the forbidden ground. The gigantic figure in front of Jian Wushuang should be their leader.

“The three meter tall Ancient Blood Beast already has the fighting power of a great emperor. I wonder how powerful their emperor is.” Jian Wushuang thought to himself as he looked at it coldly.

The gigantic figure stared at Jian Wushuang with his blood-red eyes.

Suddenly… Boom!

The air exploded with great pressure as the Emperor Beast disappeared.

All that was heard was a supersonic boom.

“This speed?” Jian Wushuang was shocked.

The Ancient Blood Beasts were already very fast. The Emperor Beast was even faster. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

In an instant, the Emperor Beast appeared in front of Jian Wushuang and stretched out his blood-red claw.

The blood-red claw turned into red lightning and struck down towards him.

The strike looked like it was travelling slowly.

In reality, the speed of the claw was so fast that it affected the spacetime around it, giving the illusion that it was slow.

In reality, it was unbelievably fast.

This claw seemed to have the power to destroy a star if it was in the way of it.

Jian Wushuang squinted his eyes. The moment this claw moved, he swung his Blood Mountain Sword.

The sword essence could be felt clearly as a sword light burst forth instantly.

Sword Principle Xuan Luo, Blast Rainstorm!

This strike had the speed of the wind and force of a rainstorm!

Clang!

The two collided with each other as a bright light was emitted and lit up the entire sky.

Jian Wushuang was absolutely confident in his own ability. He was at the second stage of seventh step in inverse cultivation. He had incredible amounts of divine power. Combining that with the bloodline power of a nine star ancient god and Immemorial Celestial Body, he had terrifying fighting power.

Even stage three great emperors like Demon King Chen Yu, who grasped a little of Rules of Order, were still slightly weaker than Jian Wushuang, even back in his prime.

Jian Wushuang used all his might and cast the strongest sword skill in Sword Principle Xuan Luo.

If Demon King Chen Yu was the one facing this attack, he would probably be forced back.

Now that he was fighting the Emperor Beast…

At that moment, boom!

An overbearing power surged through his arms and forced its way into his body.

This overbearing strength made Jian Wushuang retreat to steady himself.

After he steadied himself, he looked at his numb hand, shocked.

The power of the claw he had just attacked with was definitely comparable to that of Lord Fen.

He had fought Lord Fen before. Lord Fen had strength far greater than him. At that point, he knew that Lord Fen was very close to peak stage three great emperor.

The pressure this Emperor Beast had on him was even greater than Lord Fen.

This Emperor Beast not only had comparable strength, but also a much quicker speed than Lord Fen.

Hum!

The exotic beast, which was ten meters tall, disappeared again.

Jian Wushuang’s face darkened as he tried to use his soul power to locate the beast.

At the same time, the seven Hong Jun Golden Swords burst forth.

Even though Jian Wushuang himself was much slower than the Emperor Beast, it was a completely different story for his seven swords.

The seven swords turned into beams of golden light as they pierced the space and attacked the Emperor Beast.

Right when the sword was about to collide onto the Emperor Beast, it shook weirdly to its left and right.

The few shakes looked very casual. However, the seven swords just passed through it without causing any damage.

“What?”

Jian Wushuang could not believe what he had just seen.

Obviously, this Emperor Beast was not only fast, but extremely agile.

“Humph!”

Jian Wushuang grunted as the seven Hong Jun Golden Swords turned around and retargeted the Emperor Beast.

His divine power boiled as he attacked the Emperor Beast immediately.

He started a fierce battle with the beast.

It was a brutal fight between man and beast.

What was most dangerous about the Emperor Beast was its two blood-red claws. They were extremely sharp and it felt like they could tear apart heaven and earth easily. The speed of the attacks was even faster than Jian Wushuang’s fastest sword skill, Turn Monstrous At One Thought.

He could not even react with two arms. However, he had eighteen of them. This close combat ability together with his seven Hong Jun Golden Swords empowered him to fight him head-on.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! ~~

Metallic collision reverberated on the battlefield as the two fought.

The surrounding Ancient Blood Beast prone there and looked at the fight in awe. No one dared to step in.

This fight belonged to Jian Wushuang and the Emperor Beast.

Soon, Jian Wushuang and the Emperor Beast fought for seven and a half minutes.

During this time, they crossed blades thousands of times during their crazy battle.