Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2168 Tragic Death of experts!

At the edge of the battlefield.Jian Wushuang, Emperor Bai and Ancestor Tian Chen looked at the battlefield which was covered in a violent storm of divine power and listened to the occasional sounds of explosions.

All they could do was stare angrily and helplessly.

They wanted to go and save the experts, but they knew they wouldn’t make it in time.

This battlefield was far too large. A minimum number of experts could be saved even if they tried.

Large numbers of experts from the Eternal Chaotic World started to die right in front of their eyes.

“Emperor God Jue Xian!” Jian Wushuang squinted his eyes and looked at him.

Emperor God Jue Xian had tried his best to break through into the realm of Great Emperor by paying a great price to enter the Heaven Repairing Palace, but he had failed in the end.

After the battle started, Emperor God Jue Xian fulfilled his promise and charged right at the front and fought in the centre of the battlefield.

Three of the experts very close to him casted self-explosion. One of them was an ordinary Emperor God, one was close to the realm of peak Emperor God, and the last was a Peak Emperor God.

Emperor God Jue Xian and another Emperor God died immediately under the power of self-explosion.

On the other side, the almighties from the Lineage of Star had gathered together.

Amongst them were familiar faces: Hall Master Gu Xin, Emperor God Jiu Yin, Emperor God Xuan Wu and his lineal disciple in the realm of sir god were in the battlefield.

They had formed a battle formation and were fighting on the battlefield.

A nearby emperor god, sir god and a great emperor who was not too far away all cast self-explosion together. Some of the energy affected them.

Under the overbearing energy, their battle formation fell apart.

“Oh no!”

Jian Wushuang turned pale.

After the battle formation fell apart, the overbearing energy swept towards the experts from the Lineage of Star.

Even though the experts from the Lineage of Star had tried their best to defend against the energy storm, Emperor God Jiu Yin, Emperor God Xuan Wu and Hall Master Nie Yun had died instantly. On the other hand, Hall Master Gu Xin and He Xiu had barely survived but were severely injured.

“Jiu Yin, Nie Yun, Xuan Wu…” Jian Wushuang was devastated. All he could do was hold himself back.

Emperor Bai and Ancestor Tian Chen were also doing the same.

The same scene happened everywhere across the battlefield.

Large numbers of experts had died under the self-explosion of the demons. There were Great Emperors among them!

There were many great emperors from the Three Emperors World who went into the demonic state.

When these great emperors cast self-explosion, even great emperors found it difficult to defend against it.

“Yan Zun!” Jian Wushuang looked at a large man who had red skin. His holy body fell apart and died.

That large man was one of the great emperors from Sanctuary Alliance, Yan Zun.

After Jian Wushuang had broken through to the seventh step of inverse cultivation, he’d fought Yan Zun and severely beaten him up.

They were both members of the Sanctuary Alliance and were allies.

Now, Yan Zun was dead.

“Master Wu!” Jian Wushuang looked at another man.

It was Master Wu.

He was not originally part of the Sanctuary Alliance. After the Eternal Chaotic World fell into a crisis, he joined the Sanctuary Alliance without hesitation and fought alongside everyone else.

Even though his performance was not the best in this battle, he had tried his best.

However, one of the great emperors had cast self-explosion about ten meters away. He took on about ninety percent of that power and died immediately.

“King Zhan Cang!” Jian Wushuang trembled.

Not just the human Sanctuary Alliance, the Special Tribes Alliance too were hit hard.

King Zhan Cang was one of the nine star Ancient Gods.

Even though he had just broken through, he was extremely powerful given the natural advantage that Ancient Gods had. Now, he was dead.

Every famous great emperor had incredible power and was very difficult to kill.

Under the self-explosion of hundreds of experts from the Three Emperors World Who were in the demonic state, almost everything was destroyed.

It was difficult to defend against this overbearing momentum, even for great emperors.

The cluster of self-explosions only lasted for a few seconds before it died down.

The entire battlefield was left in an horrifying state.

Violent divine power filled every single corner of the battlefield. It only started to dissipate after some time.

Silence!

The entire battlefield turned silent.

Jian Wushuang, Emperor Bai and Ancestor Tian Chen all scanned the battlefield with their bloodshot eyes.

At the start of the battle, the Eternal Chaotic World had had around four thousand excerpts, while the Three Emperors World had had around three thousand. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

But now, there were only around two thousand experts left alive.

Every single expert from the Three Emperors World, including great emperors, had died.

The stage-two great emperor, Ling Zong, had also died as he had used self-explosion.

The remaining two thousand experts were from the Eternal Chaotic World. Compared to the number they started with….. Half of them had died!

The remaining two thousand experts who had survived were all weak and severely injured. It seemed that they could die at any moment.

No one was in prime condition.

Even people like Abysmal Saint Master, Red Dragon King, Underworld God, King Chen Xing and Black Dragon Emperor, who were stage two great emperors, were severely injured.

The Black Dragon Emperor had already been injured before the battle. She had participated in the battle before she’d recovered and was not in a terrible state. The other great emperor from her clan had sadly died.

Every Great Emperor was severely injured!

“Bastard!”

Emperor Bai trembled as he squeezed these two words out of his mouth.

“Damn it!”Jian Wushuang shook with anger as a terrifying killing intent erupted.

Both of them looked at the space that the leaders of the Three Emperors World stood in.

Not just them, but Ancestor Tian Chen and the surviving experts from the Eternal Chaotic World looked up in anger.

Five people stood in that space.

These five people were responsible for planning all this!