Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2172 Golden Light Scripture

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!The seven Hong Jun Golden Sword turned into golden light and striked out at its target once more.

Jian Wushuang fully used his sword principle combined with the terrifying speed and power of the Hong Jun Golden Sword.

This completely suppressed Demon King Chen Yu.

He tried his best to fight back, but realised he could not even take a breather as the seven Hong Jun Golden Sword attacked him over and over again.

Jian Wushuang had a cold look. During the battle, he was paying close attention to the changes in Demon King Chen Yu.

“About there.” A flash of intense emotions flashed across Jian Wushuang’s eyes.

Immediately, he slashed out once again with his sword.

Demon King Chen Yu used a bat in one of his hands to block this sword.

Right when he deflected the sword, he realised that Jian Wushuang’s eyes had released an eerie light.

Within Jian Wushuang’s body, the Soul Swallowing Pearl that he had refined long ago started to churn crazily.

A surging soul power gathered, and was amplified by the Soul Swallowing Pearl before it burst forth towards Demon King Chen Yu.

All he saw was a bolt of golden light flying towards him.

This flash of golden light was not made of Hong Jun Golden Sword. It was the result of Jian Wushuang channeling his soul power to cast a soul attack secret skill.

Jian Wushuang used the soul attack secret skill he had received from Emperor God Jue Xian… Three Divine Lights!

Three Divine Lights was separated into three scriptures: Golden Light Scripture, Foggy Light Scripture and Nether Light Scripture.

Jian Wushuang cast a single target secret skill from the Golden Light Scripture!

This beam of golden light was too fast and originated too close to Demon King Chen Yu.

Even Demon King Chen Yu found it difficult to react to the attack. By the time he reacted, the golden light had entered his body.

“This is… soul attack?” Demon King Chen Yu turned pale.

He never knew that Jian Wushuang could cast soul attack.

This was normal. Ever since Jian Wushuang became an almighty, he had never casted any soul attack.

Even after his soul power had skyrocketed after refining the Soul Swallowing Pearl and obtaining powerful soul attack secret skill, he had hidden it carefully.

It was because a soul attack at the great emperor level could turn the tide of any battle.

Jian Wushuang had planned to cast his soul attack secret skill on the masses and kill many of the experts from the Three Emperors World in order to gain an advantage for his own forces. He had not expected that the experts from the Three Emperors World would enter the demonic state and start killing everything around them crazily. His soul attack had no use at all.

Now that all of the ordinary almighty from the Three Emperors World and great emperors were dead, there was no longer the need for him to hide his soul attack secret skill anymore. Hence, he cast it straight away.

Back when Jian Wushuang had been refining the Soul Swallowing Pearl, his soul power had skyrocketed and reached the peak of a stage one great emperor. He could even threaten stage two great emperors with his soul attacks alone.

After he returned to Sanctuary Alliance, he had continued to take in different types of elixir and other treasures, allowing his soul power to reach the level of a stage two great emperor.

His soul attack now was completely unmatched!

“Is that .. a holy object?” At the same time that Jian Wushuang cast his soul attack, Ba Su was shocked, before turning devious. “Bastard. This brat managed to refine the holy object? How is this possible?”

“How can he refine the holy object in such a short amount of time?” Ba Su looked at Jian Wushuang incredulously.

The soul attack Jian Wushuang had cast contained the aura of the Soul Swallowing Pearl that had originated from the Sky Swallowing Clan.

Under the sudden intrusion by the golden light, Demon King Chen Yu found it extremely difficult to defend against the soul attack.

He stopped in mid-air and trembled. His face was twisted with excruciating pain.

Jian Wushuang took this chance and headed towards the Opposing Blood Formation.

Demon King Chen Yu could not stop him this time.

“This formation poses a great threat to the forces of the Eternal Chaotic World. Let me destroy it!” Jian Wushuang thought as a terrifying sword essence was felt.

This sword essence was utmost and upmost.

Right then, he morphed into an emperor.

He held the Emperor’s Sword. Instantly, sword light rained down on the formation.

Emperor Sword Principle, second style.

Boom!

The terrifying sword light struck the blood red formation under the clear view of the experts from the Eternal Chaotic World.

Immediately, the large amounts of sword light collided with the formation and tried to twist it into powder.

Moments later, the sword light dissipated.

When everyone looked over again, they realised the formation had merely stopped running for a moment before continuing expanding.

“My attacks are useless?” Jian Wushuang squinted his eyes, unsurprised.

This Opposing Blood Formation had taken Kaiser Blood a very long time to create. He had sacrificed the lives of many experts just to get the formation running. When it finally started to run, he knew it would be extremely difficult to stop the formation.

Jian Wushuang took a step forward and shattered the emperor’s token in his hands.

Once the emperor token shattered, the limitless energy burst forth towards the formation under the guidance of Jian Wushuang.

Boom~~~ It felt like the world was ending.

The terrifying power impacted the Opposing Blood Formation continuously. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The aura was many times stronger than the second style of Emperor Sword Principle.

Emperor Token had been handmade by Emperor Bai.

The power within the Emperor Token was equivalent to one attack by Emperor Token.

An attack by Emperor Bai was clearly much stronger than an attack by Jian Wushuang.

The aura continued to spread in all directions.

Around the battlefield, the experts from the Eternal Chaotic World, including Jian Wushuang himself, stared into the blood-red formation.

Everyone had hope in their hearts.

“Will this formation be destroyed?” Jian Wushuang thought grimly.

Hum~~~ A long hum was heard as the aura and divine power dissipated and everyone could see the space once again.

In space, the Opposing Blood Formation was still running.

It seemed that an attack from Emperor Bai had not managed to disrupt the running of this formation.