Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2184 Half-Step Divine Demon

The blood red figure was Blood Demon.Blood Emperor was not surprised when he saw the bright sword light turn brighter.

He used the blood red spear in his hands like a stick as he used it to smash the sword light.

A bloody shadow of a blood-red dragon collided onto the sword light.

That bright sword light was smashed into pieces.

Blood Emperor took a step forward and appeared in front Emperor Thirteen.

His irises were filled with excitement as his body was boiling in blood qi.

“Boundless Sea of Blood!”

Splash~~~

Large amounts of blood qi liquified and turned into clouds of bloody mist.

This mist was endless as it covered the entire heaven and earth, including Emperor Thirteen.

The entire sea of blood crashed towards Emperor Thirteen. The sea water formed little blood snakes which contained incredible power: each had the power to fight against peak stage two great emperors.

At least a hundred of these snakes were formed from the sea of crimson red.

The hundreds of blood snakes slithered towards Emperor Thirteen.

On the other side of the battlefield, Jian Wushuang, Emperor Bai and the other experts from the Eternal Chaotic World were dumbfounded when they saw the sea of blood.

“The Blood Emperor was not using his full power to begin with!”

“He did not even use half of his fighting power!” Emperor Bai clenched his fist tightly as he looked at Blood Emperor, defeated.

He cast Secret Skills of Star Palace, which enabled him to have ten times his usual fighting power. Even so, he was at a disadvantage when he fought Blood Emperor.

After ten breaths, he could not even hold his ground against Blood Emperor when his Secret Skills of Star Palace duration was over.

At that point in time, he threatened Blood Emperor, who was in the Chaotic Divine Demon Realm.

He only understood that Blood Emperor had not used his full strength when he saw this battle against Emperor Thirteen.

Back then, Blood Emperor had not used any secret skills. He had fought casually.

“With his fighting power, can Emperor Thirteen stand up against the Blood Emperor?” Emperor Thirteen muttered to himself.

Jian Wushuang too looked on coldly, but he had the same worry deep in his heart.

If back Emperor Thirteen had been back in his prime, he could have defeated Blood Emperor easily.

However, this heaven and earth had big restrictions. Emperor Thirteen could only use power up to the realm of Chaotic Realm. Many of his secret skills, techniques, and understanding of Rules of Order had been suppressed to a very low level.

On the other hand, even though Blood Emperor had also been placed under the same restrictions, he had his Opposing Blood Formation. which had allowed him to break the rules and restrictions temporarily. This gave him the power of an expert in the Chaotic Divine Demon Realm and utilise Rules of Order and other higher forms of techniques.

Under this circumstance, was Emperor Thirteen still a worthy opponent? Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Within the boundless sea of blood, many of the blood snakes were on their way to bite Emperor Thirteen.

Emperor Thirteen stood there coldly and indifferently.

One man holding onto one sword. He swung his sword out.

Every swing was extremely smooth and casual.

However, this kind of sword skill killed tens of the blood snakes. After several of these swings, more than half of the blood snakes were dead.

Large numbers of snakes were formed continuously from the sea of flood as they charged towards him endlessly.

“Haha, there is no use. This is one of the secret skills that the Blood Clan have. You should have fought against it back in the Ancient Past. Unless you can destroy the boundless sea of blood, you will be drained to death. It is a pity that I can only use power up to the level of the Chaotic Divine Demon Realm, hence only the weakest type of snakes are formed. If not…”

“Even so, it is more than enough to kill you!”

“Emperor Thirteen, there is no way you can destroy the boundless sea of blood while you are a mere chaotic realm expert. Prepare to die.”

“Never have I thought that a man that could stand up to even the Master of Holy Land would die in my hands. Hahaha~~~”

Blood Emperor roared with laughter, looking as though the death of Emperor Thirteen was inevitable within his sea of blood.

Blood Emperor would tremble with excitement whenever he had the thought that the almighty Emperor Thirteen would die in his hands.

That was Emperor Thirteen!

During his prime, the strongest leader of the Blood Clan could barely go up against him.

There were not many such superpowers back in the ancient past, and now one was going to die by his hand?

Once Emperor Thirteen died, all the treasures he had would fall into the hands of the Blood Emperor.

He was elated.

Emperor Thirteen remained cold and emotionless after he heard the Blood Emperor’s laughter.

He took a glimpse at the boundless sea of blood that was creating blood snakes. Suddenly, a sword essence erupted.

At that moment, it was as though he was a sharp blade.

A blade that had existed since the dawn of time and undergone aeons of polishing and finally became the unmatched legendary sword.

This sword hovered there as a limitless amount of sword essence pierced the sky.

Even the earth trembled under the influence of the sword essence.

Far from the battlefield, Jian Wushuang and Emperor Bai and the other experts were dumbfounded by the limitless sword essence.

This is especially the case for Jian Wushuang as he was a sword user. He could clearly sense how deep and complex the sword essence was.

He meditated to the Sword Doctrine and had an incredible understanding of the sword principle. However, his understanding was like a drop of water in a vast ocean compared to Emperor Thirteen.

At the same time the sword essence pierced the sky and shook the ground.

The aura on Emperor Thirteen started to grow at a fast pace.

“This is?” Blood Emperor widened his eyes in surprise.

He could clearly feel the aura of Emperor Thirteen skyrocket.

It had originallybeen?at the Chaotic Realm. Now, it was climbing to a new level above the Chaotic Realm.

“Chaotic Divine Demon Realm? No, this aura is more powerful than a chaotic realm expert’s, but I have yet to fully enter the Chaotic Divine Demon Realm. He is in the… Half-Step Divine Demon Realm!” Blood Emperor muttered to himself as shock was written all over his face.

Half-Step Divine Demon!

This was the realm between the Chaotic Divine Demon Realm and the Chaotic Realm.

“This man!”

Blood Emperor stared at Emperor Thirteen in disbelief.