Chapter 2185 Blood Essence!

Unbelievable.Yes. Blood Emperor could not believe his own eyes.

He clearly knew how powerful the restriction this heaven and earth had.

Under normal circumstances, anyone in this heaven and earth could only use power up to peak Chaotic Realm.

Under these circumstances, he only reached the Chaotic Divine Demon Realm after: years of planning to create this Opposing Blood Formation via his consciousness embodiment; sacrificing countless lives of living things within the Three Emperors World.

To reach where he was, he had sacrificed far too much.

He had never expected that Emperor Thirteen could reach the Half-Step Divine Demon Realm!

Even though Half-Step Divine Demon Realm was still different from Chaotic Divine Demon Realm, this meant that Emperor Thirteen had the power to influence this heaven and earth.

However, Emperor Thirteen did not have the help of any formation, nor had he sacrificed anything.

He had only used his fighting power to influence this heaven and earth to reach Half-Step Divine Demon Realm.

On one side was a man who sacrificed greatly, took a long time to create a formation to influence heaven and earth.

On the other side was a man who was not prepared at all but used his raw power alone to influence heaven and earth.

The difference between the two was clear.

Emperor Thirteen, who used his sword essence alone to influence the heaven and earth, stood there coldly before he swung his sword again.

The same move, but its power was many times greater than it had been before.

Hum!

The sword light sliced the Boundless Sea of Blood apart into pieces. The entire Boundless Sea of Blood collapsed.

The secret skill that Blood Emperor cast with all his might crumbled.

“Looks like your power is not much stronger at the Half-Step Divine Demon Realm. However, now you can use Rules of Order, your battle power is much greater than before.” Blood Emperor’s face turned dark. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The fighting power that Emperor Thirteen had displayed was far beyond Blood Emperor’s expectations.

He could only dream of killing Emperor Thirteen now.

At that point in time, Emperor Thirteen attacked again.

This time around, Emperor Thirteen moved instead of simply swinging his sword.

He swiped it casually, before flicking it upward…

A clean yet complex move.

The speed was so fast that none of the experts near the battlefield saw the move.

“Humph!” Blood Emperor was not afraid of that move. His blood qi boiled as he thrust out his blood red spear viciously.

On the battlefield, Emperor Thirteen and Blood Emperor were brawling it out at close range.

Both of these two were much more powerful than the peak experts within this era and had incredible techniques.

This battle amazed the experts from the Eternal Chaotic World.

“They are far too powerful.” King Chen Xing took a deep breath and said, looking at the battle.

There, billions of feet of space were turned into a battlefield.

They could barely see two auras colliding in the centre of the battlefield. Blood Emperor and Emperor Thirteen were so fast no one could actually see them.

The most they could see were sword lights or spear lights.

Every sword light looked simple, but they were extremely complex.

Jian Wushuang excelled in the Sword Principle and was the had the highest understanding of the Sword Doctrine among the experts of the Eternal Chaotic World.

Even he could not dissect the complicated sword lights within the battlefield as each sword light was extremely deep and complicated.

This was after Emperor Sword Principle receiving great restrictions from Heaven and Earth. He could use the bare minimum of his sword skills, swordsmanship and Rules of Order.

How powerful would Emperor Thirteen be if he was at his prime?

“This swordsmanship…” Jian Wushuang was engrossed.

Jian Wushuang felt that a new door had appeared in front of him which could bring him to greater heights in terms of swordsmanship.

The swordsmanship he had honed up till today was nothing.

The other experts too were stunned.

Even Emperor Bai stood there dumbfounded.

Emperor Bai was the strongest man in this era. He clearly knew he had no right to enter this battle.

“Emperor Thirteen could influence the restrictions the heaven and earth had on him to reach the Half-Step Divine Demon Realm. With this new power, he could even go with Blood Emperor, who was in the Chaotic Divine Demon Realm. However, this does not change anything.” Emperor Bai frowned.

Jian Wushuang’s face turned dark.

What Emperor Bai had said was indeed true. Blood Emperor had to die in order for this war to be over and for Eternal Chaotic World to be safe.

The Blood Emperor had to die so that the Opposing Blood Formation would stop running and the Eternal Chaotic World would then successfully survive this ordeal.

If the Blood Emperor did not die, he could control the formation to cover the Eternal Chaotic World and kill the countless living things within the Eternal Chaotic World to gain more blood qi. With more blood qi, he would be so strong that he would be unstoppable.

If that were the case, even Emperor Thirteen would not be able to handle him.

“What should we do?” Jian Wushuang frowned.

At the same time, in the middle of the battlefield.

“Haha!”

“Emperor Thirteen, looks like you aren’t called the Leader of the Seven Stars for nothing. You can go even with me even though you are in the Half-Step Divine Demon Realm and I am in the Divine Demon Realm. It is a pity that the restrictions of this heaven and earth have such a strong effect on you. If I had more time to guide this Opposing Blood Formation towards Eternal Chaotic World, I could collect even more blood qi. At that point in time, you, Emperor Thirteen, will die!”

Blood Emperor laughed hysterically.

Emperor Thirteen frowned.

This was the first time he had showed expression ever since he had started his battle against Blood Emperor.

It was obvious that Blood Emperor was a difficult person to deal with.

It was just difficult to deal with.

Emperor Thirteen continued to cast sword skills in his battle against Blood Emperor as he scanned the battlefield.

He looked at Jian Wushuang.

Emperor Thirteen raised his eyebrows as a special blood essence appeared in his palm.

He flicked his palm as this blood essence flew towards Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang was shocked. He had not communicated with Emperor Thirteen and yet he immediately knew what Emperor Thirteen wanted him to do. He stretched out his arms to catch the blood essence. Once he had caught it, the blood essence seeped into his body.

Instantly, a seemingly unlimited amount of special power filled Jian Wushuang.

This special power was… star power!

Within the blood essence there was star power that was many times purer than the star power he accumulated when he used Secret Skills of Star Palace.

His stored star power could only allow him to cast the third scroll of the Secret Skills of Star Palace for one attack.

Now, the star power was sufficient for him to cast the third scroll of Secret Skills of Star Palace for thirty minutes!

“Secret Skills of Star Palace!” Jian Wushuang cast the third scroll to Secret Skills of Star Palace immediately.