Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2186 Thousand Times the Fighting Power!

Secret Skills of Star Palace, also known as Secret Skill of Seven Star, originated from Seven Star Black Sect.Back in the Ancient Past, there had been numerous experts from the Seven Star Black Sect. Their understanding and usage of the Secret Skill of Seven Star had reached incredible levels.

These powerful experts form the Seven Star Black Sect had managed to infuse star power into their blood essence.

Emperor Thirteen was the leader of the seven stars and cultivated the Secret Skill of Seven Star.

However, the restriction by this heaven and earth was far too large for him.

He could not use most of his fighting power and most of his secret skills.

It was not only difficult to cast Secret Skill of Seven Star.

Emperor Thirteen would not be able to cast Nine Star Armour like how Emperor Bai did.

If Emperor Thirteen could use these techniques, he could kill Blood Emperor easily even though he was a mere Half-Step Divine Demon expert.

Sadly, he could not.

However, even though he could not cast Secret Skill of Seven Star, his blood essence, which was concentrated in star power, was very useful for Jian Wushuang.

Just like the creator of Lineage of Star, the late Star Palace Master, he could make use of the blood essence of an expert from Seven Star Black Sect to his Secret Skill of Seven Star to last for a long time.

This was why the Star Palace Master had managed to wreak havoc on the battlefield.

However, as the amount of the blood essence started to decrease, Lineage of Star was exposed to greater danger.

Jian Wushuang received the same type of blood essence!

“Half an hour!” The secret skill would last for half an hour!

Jian Wushuang widened his eyes. His aura erupted and became even stronger as he absorbed the star power.

The experts from the Eternal Chaotic World saw Emperor Thirteen throw something towards Jian Wushuang, but did not see what exactly it was.

They did not know what Emperor Thirteen was trying to do.

Suddenly…

A terrifying aura exploded on the battlefield.

The experts from the Eternal Chaotic World all looked over towards Jian Wushuang.

“This, this is…”

“Sword Emperor, this aura belongs to Sword Emperor!”

“What a terrifying aura. Why has the Sword Emperor’s aura grown so much?”

Everyone looked at Jian Wushuang, surprised.

It was no surprise that they were surprised.

After Jian Wushuang had cast the third scroll of Secret Skills of Star Palace, his fighting power had become a thousand times more powerful than before!

Jian Wushuang was already very powerful, and was considered one of the stronger stage-three great emperors.

Now, his fighting power had grown by a thousand times again. How powerful would that be?

“Jian Wushuang.” Emperor Bai stared at Jian Wushuang closely.

He could clearly sense that the aura that was radiating from Jian Wushuang was stronger than him even after he cast Secret Skills of Star Palace, Nine Star Armour and his other trump cards.

It was on a different level.

“This feeling…”

Jian Wushuang clenched his fist as he sensed his newfound powers. He was excited.

Back at the Imperial City, Jian Wushuang had cast the third scroll of the Secret Skills of Star Palace once to destroy the Supreme Emperor Stone.

He was not as powerful then, and the duration of that one sword skill was so short he could not experience his new powers.

As Emperor Thirteen gave him his blood essence, the saturated star power could allow that secret skill to last at least thirty minutes!

Hence, he had a chance to sense his newfound powers.

“My current power should be at the level of peak Chaotic Divine Demon Realm, or even stronger.” Jian Wushuang exclaimed to himself.

There was no way great emperors could do anything in the face of this absolute power.

It was no wonder that an expert in the Chaotic Divine Demon Realm was so much more powerful than one in the Chaotic Realm.

After familiarising himself with his new powers, Jian Wushuang raised his head and locked his vision onto Blood Emperor.

“This man must die!”

Jian Wushuang swore silently as he gripped his Blood Mountain Sword tightly.

He turned into a shooting star as he flew towards his target.

Even Emperor Bai could not intervene in the battle between Emperor Thirteen and Blood Emperor.

But now, Jian Wushuang attacked.

Hum~~~ Hum~~~

The sea of crimson red filled the entire space as the countless souls within howled in agony.

Blood Emperor was the master of the sea of crimson red.

He held his crimson red spear as it thrust out as blood red lightning. He grew in size.

Air that radiated gloom spread out in all directions.

On the other hand, Emperor Thirteen was like an ice mountain. He continued to swing the sword in his hands.The sword lights created were either extremely dim, or extremely bright. Some of them were overpowering, while others felt like there was no energy in them.

His sword principle captured the hearts and minds of many of the spectators.

The two were in the middle of a heated battle, suddenly… A figure ventured onto the battlefield.

This man was Jian Wushuang.

He ignored the divine power storm and ventured into the heart of the battlefield. The Blood Mountain Sword in his hands had a terrifying aura.

Hua!

A sword light appeared out of nowhere.

This sword light looked so simple, so ametuer as compared to that of Emperor Thirteen’s.

However, the power it contained was at least equal to, if not stronger than, the sword light Emperor Thirteen had created.

Once the sword light appeared, the space in front of it was torn into half.

A gigantic crack appeared in heaven and earth.

At the centre of the crack, there was a storm of powerful sword lights that was flying towards Blood Emperor.

Blood Emperor looked over as he felt something was different about the space around him.

When he saw it was Jian Wushuang who had cast the sword skill, he looked at him in disdain and said,”How dare a mere mortal like you stand up to an almighty like me.”

“Scram!”

Blood Emperor yelled as the crimson red spear swept out towards Jian Wushuang.

This brought along layers of crimson shadow. It was like a dragon as it smashed towards Jian Wushuang.

After sweeping his spear at Jian Wushuang, the Blood Emperor turned his head and continued to look at Emperor Thirteen coldly.

He only took Emperor Thirteen seriously.

As for Jian Wushuang?

He was a mere ant that he could have killed easily. If not for his unique constitution, the Blood Emperor would have killed Jian Wushuang already.

Right when the crimson dragon collided with the sword light head on…Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com