Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2187 Unworthy Opponent.

Blood Emperor could sense the terrifying power as the surrounding crimson red power concentrated on his crimson red spear.His spear was made of special materials and was almost indestructible. Under the impact, it bent into an arc.

He himself backed off from the strong impact.

Blood Emperor was surprised, while Emperor Thirteen was shocked.

Whoosh!

Emperor Thirteen appeared in front of Blood Emperor like a ghost as a strange sword light appeared. It went straight for his throat.

The speed was incredibly fast as it threatened to penetrate the throat.

Right then, the crimson red light on Blood Emperor turned dark.

Pfft!

The strange sword light penetrated Blood Emperor’s throat and completely destroyed his body. However, there was no blood at all. The body turned into a bloody mist and dissipated.

In a space not too far away, Blood Emperor dematerialized. He looked mean and scary. He looked up at Jian Wushuang and exclaimed,”This aura… It is a Secret Skill of Seven Star!”

“Even though the Secret Skill of Seven Star is powerful, it does not make sense that it is so much more powerful.”

“Especially in his power.”

Blood Emperor was dumbfounded.

The power of the sword of Jian Wushuang gave him a shock.

In terms of power, he felt that Jian Wushuang could overpower him.

But Blood Emperor had already reached the Chaotic Divine Demon Realm.

Jian Wushuang stared at Blood Emperor.

“What a weird technique. The sword light by Emperor Thirteen was about to kill him and yet he could escape unharmed?” Jian Wushuang muttered to himself in pity.

That was a good chance to kill Blood Emperor, but he had dodged the bullet to his head.

As for Emperor Thirteen, he was still indifferent and calm. It was as though he had foreseen that Blood Emperor would do that.

“Even if I failed once, there is always a second try. With my current fighting power, I believe that I can kill him with the help of Emperor Thirteen!”

Jian Wushuang’s aura boiled as the seven Hong Jun Golden Swords burst forth instantly.

It was the same seven Hong Jun Golden Swords and the same understanding of the Spacetime Sword Principle, but his power level had increased.

As of his current power level, each of the seven Hong Jun Golden Swords had reached the power level of the Chaotic Divine Demon Realm.

Any of these swords could suppress Emperor Bai easily, and there were a total of seven.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The seven beams of golden light appeared around Blood Emperor at the same time. They attacked him from seven different angles.

Jian Wushuang’s size grew. We could clearly see the nine heads and eighteen arms coming out of his well-built body. He took a step, clearly indicating that he wanted to engage in close range combat.

Blood Emperor squinted his eyes as he moved his body slightly. The seven Hong Jun Golden Swords passed by him without even touching his clothes.

Blood Emperor was not afraid when he saw Jian Wushuang charging at him with a well-built body. He held his spear in one hand as crimson red mist spread out once more.

Following that, spear lights filled the entire space.

Each spear was like a venomous snake coming out of its nest, silent and stealthily.

Each was incredibly fast.

Most importantly, each spear radiated a thick aura of Rules of Order.

Blood Emperor only had two arms and could only wield one spear. Jian Wushuang had eighteen arms and swords. Furthermore, he made use of the special fighting technique unique to the Ancient God Clan. Even so, a scene that made Jian Wushuang widen his eyes in shock happened.

Blood Emperor suppressed Jian Wushuang with a single spear.

It was completely one-sided.

At first, Blood Emperor had been very serious. As time passed, he had become more casual.

Using his spear, he thrusted, flicked, sweeped and even smashed at Jian Wushuang.

Even though it looked casual, every attack was almost perfect. Jian Wushuang felt that his swordsmanship was useless in the face of these spears. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Not only swordsmanship, he could not even fully utilize his power.

“How can this be the case?” Jian Wushuang frowned.

“Even though I am more powerful than him, I am being suppressed? I have already utilized my Ancient God Body, cast Ancient God secret skills and maximised my close combat abilities…”

Jian Wushuang was shocked.

He knew that the attacks from Emperor Thirteen and Blood Emperor were extremely complex and powerful.

However, no matter how powerful it was, Jian Wushuang should have been able to hold his ground using eighteen arms and the fighting techniques of the ancient god clan.

The results…

“Unbelievable. He possesses incredible spear skills. Furthermore, his fighting techniques, consciousness and ability to make decisions are far superior than mine. So this is a superpower from the ancient past.” Jian Wushuang was dumbfounded.

In the space nearby, Emperor Thirteen stood there coldly. He witnessed the battle between Jian Wushuang and Blood Emperor but did not interfere at all.

However, Blood Emperor was getting impatient.

“At the end of a day, an ant is still an ant. Even if the ant possesses incredible power, it does not know how to use it at all.” Blood Emperor mocked. He started to swing his crimson spear even faster.

It became thirty percent faster.

However, Jian Wushuang was not able to handle this increase in speed.

Pfft!

The crimson spear collided with the holy body of Jian Wushuang.

Even with the Five Gem Armor, a hole was pierced in his holy body. He backed off immediately.

While he was backing off, the divine power within Jian Wushuang swept out and healed his injury.

Jian Wushuang stood there once again, studying Blood Emperor with shock in his eyes.

“You cannot beat him with fighting technique alone.” Emperor Thirteen finally spoke casually.

Jian Wushuang sighed and agreed.

Jian Wushuang’s power was stronger than Blood Emperor’s after casting Secret Skills of Star Palace to increase his fighting power by a thousand times.

Based on the power advantage alone, it was impossible to defeat the Blood Emperor and kill him head on.

Blood Emperor’s experience, spear skills and understanding of Rules of Order were far superior to his.

“If I cannot win by fighting techniques, I shall use brute force,” Jian Wushuang said coldly.