Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2199 Awaken

The birth of the first emperor god had brought about a leap in overall power of the Green Fire World.

Jian Nantian’s breakthrough had also reaffirmed that the Green Fire World had great potential as the experts from the various factions within the Eternal Chaotic World took great note of this place.

At the rate of growth it was having, the Green Fire World would become an incredible place.

The experts were extremely envious and had even greater desire to enter this place.

Howere, due to the agreement that the factions and Jian Wushuang had, no one dared to enter the cities.

After all, the Green Fire World was the birthplace of the Sword Emperor.

And the Sword Emperor was a legend.

He was one of the most powerful men within the Eternal Chaotic World. During the great battle ten of thousands years ago, he had single-handedly turned the tides of the battle and won it for the Eternal Chaotic World.

Even the great emperors within the Sanctuary Alliance feared and respected him and followed the agreement to never step foot into the Green Fire World.

It was impossible for the ordinary experts within the Eternal Chaotic World to try anything funny.

Green Fire World continued to grow progressively.

Time continued to pass.

Within the Wushuang city, Jian Wushuang lay in the spiritual pool motionlessly.

Right then, Jian Wushuang’s finger and eyelids trembled slightly before he finally opened his eyes.

Awakened.

Jian Wushuang finally awakened from his deep slumber.

“Where am I?”

Jian Wushuang looked around, confused. He saw that he was submerged within a pool of water with unique properties.

He had no idea how this spiritual pool had come about. His last memory was of the battlefield years ago.

“I remember that I cast Soul Ignition and tried to use the seventh seal of the Nine Province Seal in an attempt to kill the Blood Emperor. It was a pity that it failed. Then, master appeared…”

Jian Wushuang recalled seeing Xuan Yi.

Xuan Yi appeared suddenly during that battle.

He merely recalled that Xuan Yi had appeared. He had no idea what had happened after as his consciousness had started to fade from the after-effects from Soul Ignition.

He also had no idea what had happened during the time he had been asleep.

He only knew he had slept.

He had slept peacefully and soundly. He had no worries and no distractions. He simply went into a deep slumber.

It was the best sleep he had ever had.

“I wondered what happened after I went into the deep slumber. The Blood Emperor should have been killed back then,” Jian Wushuang muttered to himself as he surveyed the area.

He knew that he had slept for a considerable amount of time.

Since he was alive, the Eternal Chaotic World should have won that war and Blood Emperor should be dead by now.

If the Blood Emperor was still around, the Eternal Chaotic World would have been destroyed and he would be dead.

“Huh?” Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows in surprise.

“What happened? My soul power, the power it contains…”

Jian Wushuang could clearly sense that his soul was completely different.

It was so much more powerful and had much more tenacity.

His soul power had previously barely reached the level of a stage two great emperor.

It was rare to find someone with soul power at that level in the Eternal Chaotic World. However, it was nothing compared to people like Blood Emperor and other experts at that level.

However, Jian Wushuang’s current soul power was at least ten times more powerful!

Yes, ten times!

It had barely reached the level of a stage two great emperor previously. Now, his soul power was at the level of a peak stage three great emperor.

“How can this be?”

“My soul was almost burnt up. How can it be that my soul recovered and got so much stronger?”

Jian Wushuang was in disbelief.

However, he would not be surprised if he knew how magical the formation and spiritual pool surrounding him was, and how many Ice Soul Elixir he had taken.

Both the Taiying Soul Resurrection Formation and the Spiritual Pool were made at a huge cost.

This cost was far greater than Jian Wushuang could have imagined.

WIth both of these working together to help Jian Wushuang repair his soul, it would have been weird if he did not recover and come back stronger.

Most important was the Ice Soul Elixir.

This elixir was used by experts back in the Ancient Past to make their soul stronger.

Even back in the Ancient Past, the Ice Soul Elixir was rare. In this era, this elixir was almost extinct.

It had a great effect in making one’s soul much more powerful than before.

One Ice Soul Elixir was already very helpful for any great emperor.

On a normal day, the almighty within the Eternal Chaotic World had to pay a huge price just to get an elixir similar to that of the Ice Soul Elixir.

However, Jian Wushuang had a good brother, Wang Yuan, who had helped him make Ice Soul Elixir as easily as making beans.

Jian Wushuang had been fed one every now and then. How many Ice Soul Elixir had he taken over all these years of slumber?

The number would be terrifying.

It would have been weird if his soul power had not grown so much.

“Back then during the battle, my soul power was only at the level of a stage two great emperor. However, I could threaten a stage three great emperor like Demon King Chen Yu when I cast soul attack with the help of the Soul Swallowing Pearl and the Three Divine Lights secret skill. Now that my soul power is so much stronger, how strong will my soul attack be?”

“I think no one in the realm of the great emperor can stop it. Even Emperor Bai…” Jian Wushuang looked confused.

Emperor Bai was a very powerful man that could reach the battle power of a Chaotic Divine Demon.

However, his soul might not be that powerful.

“I want to try if I have the chance,” Jian Wushuang smiled.

He stood up from the spiritual pool and walked out of the formation.

Wushuang City was located on a vast empty land.

Wang Yuan sat lazily on a bench and leaned on the tree behind him.

In front of Wang Yuan, Hall Master Yuan was stood casually. Beside him was another blurry figure.

That blurry figure was a consciousness incarnation, and the owner was a powerful emperor god. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

This Emperor God stood in front of Wang Yuan modestly.