Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2202 Time for a change

Emperor Bai, Abysmal Saint Master, Ancestor Tian Chen and many other experts from the Sanctuary Alliance reached after a while.King Chen Xin, King Luo Yu and the Black Dragon Emperor from the Special Tribes Alliance came along too.

When everyone saw that Jian Wushuang had awakened, they were all surprised and elated. This was especially the case for the experts from the Special Tribes Alliance.

Black Dragon Emperor was the happiest person of them all.

When he saw that large number of visitors, Jian Wushuang held a banquet.

At the banquet, some of the most powerful experts in the Eternal Chaotic World gathered to celebrate and have fun.

Some of them toasted Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang toasted back in response.

At the banquet...

“Jian Wushuang, you slept for twenty four thousand years. During this time, the Eternal Chaotic World changed.” Emperor Bai smiled.

“Oh?” Jian Wushuang looked over at Emperor Bai.

The star of this banquet was Jian Wushuang, while Emperor Bai was second to only him. He sat together beside Emperor Bai while the remaining people sat in front of them.

“During the previous battle, we suffered great casualties, many of which were pillars of support of their respective clans. The situation in the Eternal Chaotic World changed, though the changes are not of importance to you. Aside from the Sanctuary Alliance, the Green Fire World is the strongest power in the Eternal Chaotic World, and the second is the Lineage of Stars,” Emperor Bai smiled.

Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows.

Green Fire World was the strongest power?

Lineage of Stars was second?

He was the leader for both clans.

Jian Wushuang rubbed his nose as he looked at Emperor Bai. He understood what Emperor Bai had implied.

“The more elite you are, the more likely it is that you will become a target in the eyes of others.”

It was good that the Green Fire World and the Lineage of Stars expanded and grew over time. However, there would be certain hidden risks.

Now that the Eternal Chaotic World was not in the face of any threat, there would be internal fighting for resources.

Within the Sanctuary Alliance, the great emperors would fight for their own power and standing.

If Green Fire World and Lineage of Stars continuously remained so powerful, the other forces would fear them.

This was especially the case for Green Fire World as its potential was limitless.

Jian Wushuang thought to himself for a moment before he came to a decision.

“Hi everyone.”

Jian Wushuang stood up as his majestic voice was heard at every corner of the banquet.

Everyone at the banquet turned and looked at him.

Jian Wushuang continued, “During the time I was in a deep sleep, there were many changes to the Eternal Chaotic World. Hence, the agreement between the Green Fire World and the rest of the Eternal Chaotic World should be amended as well.”

When the experts heard what Jian Wushuang had said, their faces turned pale.

The agreement between Green Fire World and the rest of the Eternal Chaotic World...

It was that no almighty shall step foot onto the Green Fire World without permission. Clans could only send certain youngsters into the allocated area within the Green Fire World to cultivate. Once they reached the realm of real god, they have to leave. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Many of the clans and tribes found it difficult to accept this agreement.

Back then, Jian Wushuang had not been so powerful. However, he had in hand the strongest trump card that controlled the existence of Green Fire World and forced the other clans to sign the agreement.

Now... With Jian Wushuang’s power, he could force all of the youngsters who were cultivating in the Green Fire World to leave and there was nothing they would be abl to do.

Jian Wushuang looked at everyone and smiled, “Everyone calm down. I will not ask your youngsters to leave the Green Fire World. On the countuary, I will allow all experts, including sir gods, emperor gods and great emperors to freely enter the Green Fire World. You can even stay there for as long as you like.”

“What?”

Everyone was stunned, then they broke out in excitement.

They were allowed into the Green Fire World?

That was indisputably the best place for any cultivators to cultivate. The cultivation environment was many times better than the ten sanctuaries.

It was even better than Thunderbolt Island!

Many of them had great desire to go there and cultivate. However, due to the agreement, they could only look at this sanctuary but not do anything.

Now... Jian Wushuang had given them permission?

Now that he had absolute power, he would not demand more, but even give concessions?

Many of the experts were elated as they looked at Jian Wushuang gratefully.

Jian Wushuang saw the reactions of these experts and smiled.

If he wanted to, he could demand more from the Eternal Chaotic World by driving all other experts away. However, this would create resentment from the rest of the clans and cause them to have greater desire for the Green Fire World. They would not dare to do anything outrageous simply because he was around.

However, if he were to leave one day, he would not be able to protect the Green Fire World anymore. The Green Fire World might be under assault. This could result in them losing their land, or worse, getting killed.

Now that he had taken the initiative and taken a step back to give the rest of the Eternal Chaotic World something they always wanted, it would allow the rest of the experts to feel grateful and not be so extreme in their actions if they really invaded the Green Fire World.

Second, this would allow Green Fire World to integrate with the Eternal Chaotic World and become the ultimate dream place for all cultivators. The best case would be that the people of Green Fire World and the rest of the Eternal Chaotic World would mix to produce offspring within the Green Fire World.

If this was the case, people would treat the Green Fire World as though it was their own hometown. If the Green Fire World faced any danger or threats, there would be experts to step out voluntarily to face them.

“However, even though I allow the top tiers experts into the Green Fire World, I hope all of you will abide by the law of the Green Fire World. If there is anyone who does evil or even goes on a massacre, then I am sorry. I will take care of you personally,” Jian Wushuang’s voice suddenly turned cold and he said.