Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2209 Breakthrough

“What are these words?”Jian Wushuang was staring intently at the words that appeared at the top of the monument.These words appeared slowly as one stroke appeared at a time.

Jian Wushuang was infatuated with these inscriptions.

In his eyes, these were not words. They were a whole world!

He saw a whole new world within these words.

Within that world, there was chaos and no elements at all.

However, evolutions started to happen as the chaos slowly evolved into mountains, rivers and the earth...

These would eventually make a new world.

They were the foundation of that world.

Only after the world was made then life would appear within this world.

...

In the dark space, Jian Wushuang stood on the floating province. His divine body was surrounded by the Air of Chaos as it gushed into his body steadily.

The ten thousand foot tall Heaven Suppressing Monument floated in front of him.

On the Heaven Suppressing Monument, ancient words coloured in gold appeared slowly and sequentially.

The number of words started to increase slowly.

Even though these were words inscribed into the monument, what Jian Wushuang saw was the evolution of a whole new world.

He was infatuated with this process and was immersed in it.

Emperor Thirteen sat cross-legged beside him before closing his eyes.

Time started to pass.

The number of inscriptions on the monument started to increase as time passed.

Every hour or so, a new word would appear on the monument.

This monument was ten thousand feet tall. Hence, tens of thousands of ancient words were nothing as compared to its huge size, much less one of these words.

Millions of such inscriptions could fit onto the Heaven Suppressing Monument!

Time passed quickly. After a very long time, the golden inscriptions finally covered every corner of the Heaven Suppressing Monument.

The Heaven Suppressing Monument had no more room to fit anymore inscriptions into.

Soon, the last inscription was done.

Jian Wushuang, who was immersed in the evolution of that world, heard a boom within his heart before the world he was immersed in finally crumbled as his consciousness returned to the real world.

He looked at the Heaven Suppressing Monument once again and was in disbelief when he saw the countless number of golden inscriptions.

“Unbelievable! This Heaven Suppressing Monument is definitely made by an unbelievable technique,” Jian Wushuang thought as he clenched his fists.

Without a doubt, the Heaven Suppressing Monument was a precious treasure.

Even the Mountain River Map could not compare.

Within the Heaven Suppressing Monument, he saw the evolution of a whole new world.

From the beginning of the world, when everything was complete chaos, to finally when life was born.

Jian Wushuang had seen the entire process as he meditated at the Heaven Suppressing Monument.

How incredible was that?

It was a pity that Jian Wushuang had only seen up to the point the first life had come about and the scene had ended. This might have been because there was only one Heaven Suppressing Monument.

He guessed that he needed to gather all nine Heaven Suppressing Monuments before he could finally see the entire process.

“Sigh!”

He exhaled lightly before he looked around. He saw Emperor Thirteen opening his eyes, looking at him.

“You are awake?” Emperor Thirteen spoke, cold as ever.

“Yes. Emperor Thirteen, how long have I been here, meditating?” Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

“One thousand and eighty one years,” Emperor Thirteen said.

“What?” Jian Wushuang was shocked.

It was not because he felt that one thousand and eighty one years was long. He had lived for tens of thousands of years. He had been in slumber for twenty four thousand years. One thousand years was nothing compared to that.

The reason why he was shocked was because he felt that time had barely passed after he had started meditation to the evolution of the world.

He thought he would take a very short while, maybe around half a day.

However, one thousand and eighty one years had passed?

“So much time has passed?” Jian Wushuang exclaimed.

He finally understood how the experts from the Eternal Chaotic World could meditate tens of thousands of years at one go.

When an expert at that level used all his heart to meditate, he would not feel time had passed even though tens of thousands of years had gone.

“You should check out what changed within you. You should have benefited greatly during these one thousand years,” Emperor Thirteen said.

Jian Wushuang was stunned before he checked his own body out.

He first looked at his divine power.

During the time he had been meditating, the grey airflow had been absorbed by him continuously and turned into divine power. His divine power should have improved greatly.

Once he checked that out, he was pleasantly surprised.

“I, I broke through?” Jian Wushuang widened his eyes in surprise as elation was written all over his face.

With Jian Wushuang’s fighting power and attitude, any normal improvement would not have resulted in such a big expression of emotion.

But now...

He could not help it, his improvement was too great.

The divine power within his body was near to ten times the original.

His divine power was already almost limitless and could allow him to reform his body a couple of times. Now that amount of divine power had increased by ten times?

It was not just the amount of divine power, but also the quality of it!!

His divine power had just evolved!

Jian Wushuang had been dreaming of this for a very long time. This evolution was not through any secret skills or techniques. He needed to acquire it through a breakthrough!

The evolution would only occur when he broke through from the second phase of inverse cultivation to the third phase!

Yes... Jian Wushuang had broken through!

During the one thousand and eighty one years, he had continuously absorbed the Air of Chaos into his body to turn into divine power.

His divine power had increased at an insane rate. Furthermore, one only needed more divine power to break through from the second phase to the third phase.

While he was meditating, his divine power had met the required standard and he had broken through!

Now, he was in the third phase of the seventh step inverse cultivation. This was the ultimate phase!