Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2210 Sword Doctrine Trial Tower

“Ultimate phase of ultimate phase of seventh step inverse cultivation!” Jian Wushuang clenched his fist, excited.Even though it was a mere one-phase difference between the second phase and the ultimate phase, the difference in power was glaring.

Based on the amount of divine power there was, it was as though there was an ocean of divine power within Jian Wushuang.

With such a vast amount of divine power, it would be extremely difficult to kill him as he too had the Perfect Chaotic Holy Body.

His divine power and divine body were ten times as powerful as before. His combat power erupted.

With his current power, he could easily kill great emperors using strength alone.

The ultimate phase of the seventh step inverse cultivation gave one power far greater than what a great emperor could possess. The power was equivalent to that of an expert in the realm of Divine Demon.

“Emperor Bai reached the ultimate phase of the seventh step inverse cultivation and was the strongest in this world. However, Emperor Bai was strong not only because of this, but because he managed to grasp a little of the Rules of Order.”

“Rules of Order...”

Jian Wushuang muttered to himself as he opened his palm slowly.

Both palms were outstretched as he channeled two unique energies at the centre of his palm.

These two energies evolved from the Power of Spacetime and the Reincarnation Power.

However, a glint of excitement flashed across his eyes when Jian Wushuang looked at these two types of energies!

“Rules of Order, this is the Rules of Order!”

“Rules of Order.”

Jian Wushuang roared with laughter.

That’s right. The two types of energies in his palm were the Spacetime Rule of Order and Reincarnation Rules of Order.

He now had control over both powers.

During the one thousand and eighty one days, he had been completely immersed in the evolution of heaven and earth.

Before Heaven and Earth could evolve, the Rules of Order had to come about first. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The Rules of Heaven and Earth was the highest form of power in this world. The Supreme Four Doctrine and the Nine Heaven God Doctrine would evolve and eventually form Rules of Order.

The Rules of Heaven and Earth would branch off into these Supreme Four Doctrine and Nine Heaven God Doctrine to form everything there was in the world.

Jian Wushuang had seen the evolution clearly during the one thousand and eighty one years he had meditated.

Not only did he see, but he also felt and understood the evolution process. After he understood the process, he tried it himself and managed to master the Spacetime Rule of Order and the Reincarnation Rules of Order.

Jian Wushuang had finally grasped the Rules of Order!

And he grasped two different types of Rules or Order. Even though his understanding was minimal, he had still managed to grasp it, which had helped him evolve to become stronger.

“I am in the same realm as Emperor Bai. Both of us are in the ultimate phase of the seventh step inverse cultivation, and both of us have a grasp of the Rules of Order. However, I have grasped two Rules of Order and have the complete Ancient God Bloodline Power. If I combined the power of them all...” Jian Wushuang smiled.

Jian Wushuang had the lead based on raw power and understanding of Rules of Order.

As for the secret skills...

Emperor Bai cultivated the Nine Star Armour from the Seven Star Black Sect and was at the Golden Armour Scripture. This secret skill was very powerful.

Furthermore, he had cultivated another very powerful secret skill. It was a pity that he did not have the complete version of the secret skill, hence he could not use the skill to its fullest potential.

After the great war, Emperor Thirteen had handed him the complete version of the secret skill. Now, he could maximise the power of the secret skill.

It had been twenty four thousand years since the great war was over and Emperor Thirteen handed Emperor Bai the complete version of the secret skill. Emperor Bai should have successfully cultivated this skill to become even stronger.

Hence, Emperor Bai had mastered several incredible secret skills and techniques.

Jian Wushuang was not too shabby either.

He had the top-tier secret skill from the Ancient God Clan, the Immemorial Celestial Body. He had cultivated the second scripture which would boost his fighting power greatly.

As for the other secret skill, Moon Picking Skill, it too was extremely powerful.

As for Secret Skills of Star Palace, that was one of the trump cards Jian Wushuang had and that could enable him to destroy all foes.

As for treasures, he had the Mountain River Map and the Soul Swallowing Pearl, two high grade treasures.

The Mountain River Map could suppress everything. On the other hand, the Soul Swallowing Pearl could be used with his soul attack to create an extremely powerful attack which could threaten even Emperor Bai.

The overall battle power of Jian Wushuang would not be weaker than Emperor Bai’s.

To really differentiate who was more powerful, they needed to have a battle.

“If I have the chance in the future, I really want to spar with Emperor Bai,” Jian Wushuang smiled eerily.

Jian Wushuang had benefited greatly from the one thousand and eighty years he spent meditating.

RIght then, Emperor Thirteen stood up. He held out his right hand, which contained an ancient, black tower.

Emperor Thirteen tossed this tower in front of him. This tower enlarged and soon, it turned into a large tower in front of Jian Wushuang.

“Emperor Thirteen, this is...?” Jian Wushuang looked at the black tower, puzzled.

This tower radiated an ancient and majestic aura.

Without a doubt, this tower was an incredible treasure.

“This is the Sword Doctrine Trial Tower. I made this personally a long time ago. However, I am not gifted as a blacksmith, hence it was just an ordinary treasure back in the past. You should be able to benefit from it greatly now if you try to venture inside,” Emperor Thirteen said.

“Sword Doctrine Trial Tower? Is it a trail tower targeting one’s understanding of the Sword Doctrine?” Jian Wushuang asked as he squinted his eyes.

“The restrictions in this world are far too powerful. I can only guarantee you a thousand years inside. Treasure the time you have inside,” Emperor Thirteen said and explained no further.

Jian Wushuang was tempted.

He knew this black tower was extraordinary. Furthermore, this tower had been made by Emperor Thirteen personally to target the Sword Doctrine, which should benefit him greatly.

Jian Wushuang stopped hesitating as he dashed inside the tower.

After he entered the tower, he realised he was in the middle of a vast, dark space. It seemed like there was no end to the space. It was big enough for battles to occur in.

“Huh. My strength and bloodline power are restricted? I cannot use them freely?” Jian Wushuang muttered to himself as he squinted his eyes.

He realised that his divine power was being suppressed to the level of an ordinary expert in the Divine Demon Realm. At the same time, he realized he could not use his bloodline power at all.