Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2211 Amateur

Within the vast dark space, figures started to form in front of Jian Wushuang. Hum~A young man who had a devilish look appeared. He held a long sword as he stared at Jian Wushuang with his emotionless eyes. Then... Whoosh!

This young man attacked.

He appeared in front of Jian Wushuang and slashed with his long sword.

This slash looked normal and it contained no sword skill. However, this ordinary slash was extremely fast with the power of a Divine Demon and some Rules of Order.

“Is he my opponent?”

Jian Wushuang stared at the devilish young man and smiled lightly. “I also managed to master Rules or Order but am not familiar with it yet. I should take this chance to familiarize myself with this new power.”

Jian Wushuang attacked as he slashed his Blood Mountain Sword. This slash contained the power of a Divine Demon and the Spacetime Rules of Order.

Clang!

Both long swords collided with equal power.

The moment the swords collided, the devilish young man flicked his sword up in a weird manner as the sword was headed for his wrist.

Jian Wushuang was caught by surprise as he quickly drew back his sword in response.

Right then, the devilish young man used a little strength and the sword was headed for Jian Wushuang’s throat at lightning speed.

“What?” Jian Wushuang turned pale.

At first, he knew that the devilish young man was not a simple opponent as his sword skills were simple and smooth. However, after they started sparring, he realised all these simple moves flowed extremely smoothly. He was perfect.

Jian Wushuang was suppressed by the simple sword skill: a slash, a flick, a stab, a jab...

Jian Wushuang finally turned serious. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

A unique sword essence radiated out from him. It was as though he had turned into a large, dark vortex.

Sword Principle Xuan Luo... Mixed Elements Spirit!

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

Collisions between the metallic blades could be heard clearly.

Jian Wushuang had already used the sword skill, Mixed Elements Spirit, to its full potential, while his opponent simply used ordinary attacks.

Within the Eternal Chaotic World, any cultivators who cultivated the Sword Doctrine could cast these attacks easily.

However, Jian Wushuang was completely suppressed by these simple attacks.

The Mixed Elements Spirit he was casting was wonderfully refined. However, even this sword skill could barely fend off those simple attacks.

Jian Wushuang could only retreat slowly.

His sword skills were completely suppressed and he could not even use them to their full potential.

Suddenly...

Clang!

After a flurry of attacks, the sword that the devilish man held slashed across Jian Wushuang’s wrist as the wrist was sliced off, together with the Blood Mountain Sword.

The devilish young man then stopped his attacks.

Jian Wushuang stood there in the dark space in disbelief. He looked at the wound on his right hand before regenerating the hand immediately after channeling his divine power. He was overcome by waves of shock and disbelief.

“How can this be?”

“How can such simple attacks suppress me? I was completely suppressed and not able to fight back at all.”

“Are those really just simple attacks?”

Jian Wushuang was shaken to the core.

His understanding of the Sword Doctrine was already extremely high.

This was the case in the Eternal Chaotic World. He was the most powerful sword cultivator. The other almighties who excelled in sword doctrines were no match for him.

Jian Wushuang too thought that his understanding of the Sword Doctrine was extremely deep.

Back in the Blood Emperor Sanctuary Grounds, he had been unable to suppress the Blood Emperor even though he had the superior power advantage. He then realised his experience in battle was nothing compared to that of the experts from the ancient past.

He had to admit that even though there were incredible sword skills in this era, it was nothing compared to those from the ancient past.

He had never thought that he would lose to someone who had equal power to him, and only used the basic attacks.

And he was completely suppressed.

His sword skills were like those of a kid compared to those of the devilish young man. It was laughable.

Right then...

“Jian Wushuang. Your sword skills and understanding of the sword doctrine might be top tier in the first era. However, back in the ancient past, your understanding of the sword doctrine would be far too weak. You were not even qualified to be called a sword doctrine cultivator. You are an ameteur,” Emperor Thirteen’s voice appeared in the dark space.

“Ameteur?” Jian Wushuang was stunned.

If the experts from the Eternal Chaotic World heard that their Sword Emperor was being called an ameteur, there would be a great commotion.

One of the strongest men in the Eternal Chaotic World, the man who was famous for his sword skills: Jian Wushuang.

But in the eyes of Emperor Thirteen, he was just an ameteur?

Everyone would usually look down on the person who said that, but Emperor Thirteen was the one who said it.....

Those who saw the battle between Emperor Thirteen and Blood Emperor, including Jian Wushuang, could not refute this.

“You are an amateur. You don’t even know what sword doctrine truly is. You do not need too much style, nor too much power. A person who does not know much about sword doctrine can only unleash ten percent of an extremely powerful sword skill, but a person who understands what sword doctrine truly is can unleash incredible power with just a simple skill. In your case, you are the former,” Emperor Thirteen said.

Hearing this, Jian Wushuang laughed bitterly. “I hqe never thought that my understanding of the Sword Doctrine was so laughable.”

“This is not to blame you. In this era, the most powerful expert is only in the peak Chaotic Realm. Rules of Order is far too high level for most of you as all of you live under the restrictions in this world. It is far too difficult to experience what sword doctrine truly is,” Emperor Thirteen continued.

It was true. Jian Wushuang was the strongest sword user in this era.

The experts in this era were far too weak.

If they had been born in the ancient past, the sword doctrine Jian Wushuang would see or experience would be far more than in the Eternal Chaotic World.