Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2246 Threaten

“I will settle the remaining experts who are at the power level of a stage-three great emperor.”Jian Wushuang said casually. The great emperors including Emperor Bai looked over at Jian Wushuang in disbelief.

There were twenty experts from the ancient past.

Jian Wushuang could deal with them all alone?

“Jian Wushuang, are you sure?” Emperor Bai asked.

He knew that Jian Wushuang broke through and reached the Ultimate Phase of the Seventh Step Inverse Cultivation and his fighting power was much higher as compared to before.

He also knew that Jian Wushuang could beat three experts from the ancient past alone. He had killed two and soul controlled one of them.

However, there were far more experts from the ancient past now compared to before.

“No worries, I know my limits,” Jian Wushuang smiled confidently.

Twenty experts from the ancient past was indeed a terrifying lineup.

Jian Wushuang would undoubtedly retreat if any of them currently possessed the fighting power they had in their prime.

However, these twenty experts from the ancient past only had the fighting power of a stage-three great emperor.

Even though a stage-three emperor was very powerful, they were nothing compared to Jian Wushuang.

So what if there were more than twenty experts with this fighting power?

“I don’t even need to use my full strength to defeat the three experts from the ancient past I met in the Real Martial Arts Divine Church. But now... I can use these experts to gauge how powerful I really am,” Jian Wushuang thought excitedly.

“Let’s go” Jian Wushuang said.

Jian Wushuang said as he started to walk out of Thunderbolt Island alongside Emperor Bai.

Old Monster Jiao, Chen Qi, and more than twenty experts from the ancient past were still stuck outside Thunderbolt Island by the protective formation.

Their attacks could not forcefully destroy the formation. Hence, they stopped and started studying it.

There were experts from the ancient past who studied formations. These experts were currently studying the protective formation.

“How is the progress?” Old Monster Jiao asked coldly as he stared at the formation.

“My lord, Sir Xian Meng is the best person for this job. He said that he has a rough idea of how the formation works and he needs around fifteen minutes to break this formation,” Chu He said respectfully. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Fifteen minutes?” Old Monster Jiao fell silent.

“Fifteen minutes is far too long. By the time we break the formation, the experts from Sanctuary Alliance should have already escaped using the wormholes on the island,” Chen Qi said.

“Humph. So what? After I destroy Thunderbolt Island, I will then head to the ten sanctuaries and kill everyone there. Let’s see if Emperor Bai and the other experts from Sanctuary Alliance continue to hide from me,” Old Monster Jiao said with great killing intent.

Hearing this, Chen Qi raised his eyebrows and many of the doubts he had were answered.

It was evident that they had underestimated Sanctuary Alliance.

While they were waiting for Xian Meng to find a way and break the formation, two figures walked out from within Thunderbolt Island.

These two figures were Jian Wushuang and Emperor Bai.

They stood opposite the group of experts from the ancient past.

These experts looked over at the two men.

“Emperor Bai!”

Old Monster Jiao vision turned cold as a strong killing intent radiated from him.

The other experts from the ancient past also fixed their gazes on the two men trying to size them up.

“Is that Emperor Bai?”

“Apparently, he is the strongest man in this era and is extremely powerful.

“I have seen the projected image of the fight between him and Blood Emperor. He is really powerful. He would be nothing if there were no Restrictions of Heaven and Earth. However, none of us could beat him while we are all under the restrictions.”

The experts from the ancient past started to chatter discreetly as they focused their attention on Emperor Bai.

They completely ignored Jian Wushuang.

They recognized Jian Wushuang, but they thought he was nothing as compared to Emperor Bai. From the intel they had, Jian Wushuang was someone who had special techniques, but his fighting power was only that of an ordinary stage-three great emperor.

They feared Emperor Bai, but they could not be bothered by Jian Wushuang.

“Haha. I thought you had escaped, Emperor Bai. I never thought that you would stay and show yourself in front of me.” Old Monster Jiao stared intently at Emperor Bai as though he wanted to skin Emperor Bai alive.

“We do not need to retreat if you are our threat,” Emperor Bai said coldly.

“Is that the case? Now that I have gathered another twenty experts from the ancient past, is this enough?” Old Monster Jiao asked coldly. “Emperor Bai, I know that you are unbeatable in this world. Even if I cannot kill you, I can destroy Sanctuary Alliance and kill everyone around you!!!”

“I said before, I will take my revenge for my ride!!”

“You are too noisy!” Emperor Bai said coldly. He then turned to the other experts from the ancient past and said, “Experts from the ancient past, the Sanctuary Alliance did not provoke you at all, yet all of you are crossing the line and doing this to us?”

“Haha. That is true. However, Old Monster Jiao requested that we do this. We must see to it till the end. Hence, I can only say that I am sorry, Sir Emperor Bai.”

“Yes. The rewards Lord Jiao is giving is too good to refuse.”

“Sorry that the Sanctuary Alliance needs to go through this.”

These divine demon experts from the ancient past mocked.

Hearing this, Jain Wushuang raised his eyebrows.

He had managed to sieve out important information.

These experts were not subordinates of Old Monster Jiao. They only did what they were doing because Old Monster Jiao had given them something they wanted.

This would make things a lot easier.

“Everyone. I suggest that you leave immediately and the Sanctuary Alliance would pretend nothing has happened and we will not treat all of you like enemies. If not...” Emperor Bai said coldly.

“If now?”

“What a joke. You are going to die and yet you’re still threatening us?”

“Dumbass. You are just an ant in the Chaotic Realm in this era. Do you really think you are powerful enough to stand up to us.”

The experts from the ancient past were enraged.

Even though they feared Emperor Bai, they looked down on him.

No matter how powerful Emperor Bai was, he was only an expert in the Chaotic Realm. The only reason he could threaten them was because of the Restrictions of Heaven and Earth.