Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2277 Golden Flame

Jian Wushuang had come into contact with poison before.There were many experts in the Eternal Chaotic World who excelled in using poison. There were many who had also excelled in using poison back in the ancient past.

However, out of all of the poison Jian Wushuang knew, none was as terrifying as what he was experiencing!

This type of poison could have killed any Divine Demons even back in the Absolute Beginning Divine World without the Restrictions of Heaven and Earth easily, much less a mere chaotic realm expert like Jian Wushuang.

However, Jian Wushuang understood why Leng Ruxue was able to use such a terrifying poison.

After all, Leng Ruxue had an unique constitution. Back in the Green Fire World when Leng Rushuang had controlled her own body, she had possessed the Icy Bone Poison which was a nightmare for any expert in the Green Fire World. Now that Leng Ruxue was much more powerful than before, the poison she could use was much more terrifying.

What Jian Wushuang did not know was that her unique constitution was Heaven’s Mandate Unique Constitution!

It was also called Heaven’s Mandate Narcotic Constitution!

This was an extremely destructive unique constitution. The reason it was so destructive was because of the poison the people who had this constitution could use!

Leng Ruxue was far too weak. The poison she controlled was nothing compared to that of other, more powerful experts. If she continued to grow, she could take trillions of lives with a single thought if she could fully control her constitution. At that point in time, one could die simply by being near her for a long time.

The Heaven’s Mandate Unique Constitution was this terrifying.

However, it was impossible for this position to hurt Jian Wushuang even though it could kill divine demons easily.

Jian Wushuang was in the Ultimate Phase of the Seventh Step Inverse Cultivation and had the Perfect Chaotic Holy Body. No poison, fire or water could kill him. He was invincible!

Initially, the grey poison within his body could move around smoothly. Within moments, it was stopped by a large amount of divine power from within Jian Wushuang’s body. It soon cleared all of the poison within his body.

In the air, Jian Wushuang opened his eyes again as though nothing had happened.

“Looks like the unique constitution of an inverse cultivator is much more powerful than I had imagined. You can clear my Heaven’s Mandate Poison so easily.” Leng Ruxue stared at Jian Wushuang with a hint of surprise in her eyes.

It had never been her plan to kill or wound Jian Wushuang using Heaven’s Mandate Poison.

“If Heaven’s Mandate Poison cannot harm you, then try this.”

Leng Ruxue said as a ray of unique light stirred in her grey iris. This light was grey and seemed magical.

Soon, the grey light started to change and eventually turned into gold.

It was extremely bright and shiny, like two burning golden balls of flame.

“Heaven’s Mandate, Golden Flame!”

Hum~~~ Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

A spark of the Golden Flame appeared in front of Leng Ruxue.

Initially, it was only a spark of Golden Flame. The instant it appeared, it was as though it was lit in the middle of a dry grassland.

The small spark instantly lit the entire place on fire.

Instantly, all of the grey mist turned into Golden Flames.

The sea of fire surrounded Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang was at the centre of the sea of fire. He turned pale when he felt how high the temperature of the Golden Flame was.

“The Golden Flame is really terrifying.”

Jian Wushuang was sure the temperature of the Golden Flame was far higher than that of any of the flames he had seen before.

Not only was its temperature high, its destructive power was also unprecedented.

Most importantly, the Golden Flame could burn forever under the control of Leng Ruxue.

“I never thought that, aside from the poison, she could control such a terrifying golden flame. Her unique constitution...” Jian Wushuang clenched his jaws tightly together. He did not have much time to think.

This was because the Golden Flame had burnt up the divine power that surrounded him and given him a safe space.

The Golden Flame was not headed for him.

“Humph!”

Jian Wushuang grunted as waves of thick divine power erupted from his skin. Once the wave of divine power appeared, the Golden Flame burnt it into clear air before it continued to head for Jian Wushuang.

With the protection of the divine power, Jian Wushuang’s divine body was not harmed. He started dashing out of the sea of fire as fast as he could.

Within moments, he was out of the sea of fire and had appeared in the air once again.

The side of his mouth twitched as he checked himself for injury. “I used twenty percenty of my divine power just to prevent the Golden Flame from touching me on my way out of the sea of fire?”

Jian Wushuang was really shocked.

After he reached the Ultimate Phase of the Seventh Step Inverse Cultivation, his divine power was extremely vast.

It would be enough to fully restore his divine body at least ten times.

He had only used ten percent of his divine power when he’d battled Bing Shan, fought the experts from the ancient past and restored his divine body once.

Now, he had used twenty percent when all he had done was protect himself when he charged out of the sea of fire?

How terrifying was the Sea of Golden Flame?

“Luckily, I am an Inverse Cultivator. If it was any other expert, even a real Divine Demon, they would probably have been burnt to ashes,” Jian Wushuang exclaimed.

Even Leng Ruxue was shocked when he saw Jian Wushuang walk out of the Sea of Golden Flame alive.

She then shook her head and thought to herself, “I have yet to perfect my control over the Golden Flame. I cannot redirect it. If not... I can direct the Sea of Golden Flame in the direction of his escape. There is no way he will run out of the radius of the Sea of Golden Flame. Even if he has the Body of Undying, he will still die!”

Even though Leng Ruxue felt that it was a pity, there was nothing she could do.

She had awakened her unique constitution not too long ago. She had learnt to cast the Golden Flame in an even shorter period of time. It was not easy for her to cast it, much less control it and direct it around.

“Looks like there is no way I can kill you.” Leng Ruxue stared at Jian Wushuang coldly.

“You cannot kill me, but I can kill you!” Killing intent was clearly seen in Jian Wushuang’s eyes.

Right when he was about to attack...

Boom~~~

Heaven and Earth started shaking and this shaking persisted.

Everyone was surprised by this sudden change was they looked over at Heaven’s Horizon.

There, a complete and stable passageway had appeared.