Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2299 Differen

Eight years passed by in a flash.Jian Wushuang was eight years old.

...

Incineration Moon City, Governor’s Mansion, within a study.

A green-shirted Jian Wushuang was sitting down on a chair as he read a jade bamboo strip.

Jian Wushuang had grown much during those eight years, but his child-like appearance was something even Jian Wushuang himself could not get rid off.

“The gap between Absolute Beginning Divine World and Eternal Chaotic World was too big,” Jian Wushuang murmured.

The jade bamboo strip he held onto was no secret skill, but a simple chronicle.

It contained information about Absolute Beginning Divine World, along with its myths.

Jian Wushuang had read many such chronicles over the past eight years, learning much more about the Absolute Beginning Divine World than before.

Without a doubt, Absolute Beginning Divine World was completely different from the Eternal Chaotic World.

Although Eternal Chaotic World had once been part of the Absolute Beginning Divine World, ever since his master had placed the seal breaking it away, the Eternal Chaotic World had turned into something completely different.

The difference had manifested in many ways.

For one, the spiritual influence of heaven and earth, cultivators’ born abilities, physical qualities, powers, were all different.

But after reading chronicles for eight years, the biggest difference Jian Wushuang had inferred was that the Eternal Chaotic World had already broken away from the natural cycle of life – the Heaven Way!

The Heaven Way could not be challenged.

By rights, as long as you were born onto that land, you would be controlled by Heaven Way.

But in reality, the restriction formation that his master Xuan Yi had placed had allowed Eternal Chaotic World to break away from the Heaven Way, or at least blocked Heaven Way’s willpower from influencing it.

The cultivators from Eternal Chaotic World should feel the Heaven Way as well, even understanding The Power of Heaven Way and its Rules, but it was much more difficult than doing it at Absolute Beginning Divine World.

It has its pros and cons.

The disadvantage was that cultivators had a hard time understanding the Heaven Way powers. The land was not stable, allowing for strong cultivators to wreak havoc and wipe away Voids in the blink of an eye.

The advantage was that cultivators could survive better without Heaven Way restrictions. Meaning to say, the cultivators there could live much longer.

Many cultivators of the Eternal Chaotic World, even the Sector Gods and Real Gods, could survive for hundreds of millions of years. Ancient Almighties like Emperor Bai had even survived from the First Era to the Second Era.

Their longevity was uncontrolled.

As long as the land continued to exist, they could live on forever.

That could never have happened at the Absolute Beginning Divine World.

Jian Wushuang knew that the Absolute Beginning Divine World was under the complete control of the Heaven Way. All things abided by the laws of nature that they were in, making Heaven Way extremely terrifying.

Under those circumstances, it was impossible to go against Heaven Way.

There were restrictions to the longevity of living beings in Absolute Beginning Divine World as well.

Chaotic Realm experts could live on forever at the Eternal Chaotic World, but in the Absolute Beginning Divine World, they could only live for ten thousand years!

Chaotic Divine Demons could only live for a hundred thousand years.

Compared to the Eternal Chaotic World, it was really short.

But because of this, the balance of Absolute Beginning Divine World could be maintained, preventing the World from being overloaded with experts.

“Heaven Way...”

As Jian Wushuang was murmuring, he remembered the Ancient Display he had seen in Xuan Yi’s head. Xuan Yi had not only faced experts and Masters of Holy Land, he had also faced the willpower of Heaven Way.

Maybe, the Heaven Way did not allow for a Perfect Chaotic Lifeform to exist.

Dong!

Dong!

There was a knock.

Jian Wushuang looked up and said, “Enter.”

A maid walked in and bowed. “Young Lord, your father has requested you to be at the training field.”

“Training field? Understood.”

The maid bowed slightly and left.

He placed the jade bamboo strip down and made his way over.

The training field at the mansion was not big, but it was enough for normal cultivators to duel in.

There were many standing there at the training field.

Amongst those people was his father Zhuo Yunfeng, some guards and servants, and a handsome middle-aged man with a sword.

The handsome middle-aged man had some stubble on him and was looking lively.

“Father,” Jian Wushuang appeared in front of Zhuo Yunfeng.

“Shuang, come, let me introduce you to my good friend from the Lin clan. You should call him Uncle Lin Yi. He’s very good at sword cultivation,” Zhuo Yunfeng smiled, but obviously emphasised the words ‘sword cultivation’.

“Sword cultivation?” Jian Wushuang understood why Zhuo Yunfeng had called him over.

“Greetings Uncle Lin Yi,” Jian Wushuang said, but could not really be bothered by him.

His powers had not been fully restored, but his soul was not damaged, he could tell that Lin Yi was only a Peak Chaotic Realm expert. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Peak Chaotic Realm meant an average Great Emperor at the Eternal Chaotic World. First Stage or Third Stage, now it meant all the same to Jian Wushuang.

In the Eternal Chaotic World, only Chaotic Divine Demons were worthy opponents. He did not care much about anyone below that.

Compared to Lin Yi, his father Zhuo Yunfeng was actually stronger. His father had already reached Half Step Divine Demon, and would not take long to reach Chaotic Divine Demon.

“I have heard about the young Lord born with the sword that descended from the sky. What an amazing fellow,” Lin Yi said with a gentle smile on his face.