Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2323 We“ve Failed

“Forget it, regardless of how those people died, I’m glad you all are safe,” Lin Tiefeng said as he looked at Jian Wushuang.

“Nephew Wushuang, the Lin Family had not planned this properly, allowing the Zhuge Family to sneak in and intercept you instead, our apologies.”

“It’s okay, I did not expect the Zhuge Family to be so brazen either, to intercept and slaughter within the Lin Family controlled region. Looks like the Zhuge Family’s prepared to go all out against us,” Jian Wushuang said.

“Hngh, our relations with them have never been good, but both sides could not do much as we were relatively equal in strength, but from the looks of it, the Zhuge Family is coming for us for real,” Lin Tiefeng’s gaze was cold.

From Zhuge Hong testing the waters yesterday, to the incident today, Lin Tiefeng naturally could tell what the Zhuge Family was thinking.

“This was only supposed to between the Lin Family and Zhuge Family, I apologise for dragging you into this,” Lin Tiefeng said.

“Uncle Lin, you’re too kind. My father is a sworn-brother of yours, we will rush in to help whenever you’re in trouble. Even if I had not helped yesterday, we would have been dragged in anyway. Zhuge Family knows it, that’s why they wanted to kill me first,” Jian Wushuang said.

“I’m afraid I really have to bother Brother Yunfeng.” Lin Tiefeng sighed.

Jian Wushuang smiled.

“Lin Ao,” Lin Tiefeng said.

“Head.” A tough and stocky elder walked over.

“In case of further attacks, you’ll escort Nephew Jianshuang with Lin Yi to Incineration Moon City,” Lin Tiefeng instructed.

“Understood,” the stocky elder, Lin Ao, said in reply. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Lin Ao was a true Half Step Divine Demon. Unless the Zhuge Family sent a Chaotic Divine Demon, they would not be able to take Jian Wushuang down anymore.

“Goodbye, Uncle Lin,” Jian Wushuang made his way back on the road.

Within an exquisite attic in the city surrounding the Lin Mansion.

“Failed?”

“A Half Step Divine Demon could not kill Jian Wushuang?”

Zhuge Hong received the latest information.

The information was from within the Lin Family. The four Chaotic Realm experts from the Zhuge Family, along with the Half Step Divine Demon Yan Que they had invited had long lost contact with them.

“They lost their own lives instead,” the grey-robed elder in front of Zhuge Hong said.

“How is that possible?”

“I thought there was only one Peak Chaotic Realm escorting him?” Zhuge Hong frowned.

“Seems to have been inaccurate information on our side,” the grey-robed elder said. “Latest intelligence suggests that Lin Yi, Jian Wushuang’s escort, has reached a breakthrough in Sword Principle and that his fighting power is already at ordinary Half Step Divine Demon levels.”

“Even so, they could have retreated right?”

“How could they have died?” Zhuge Hong asked.

“I do not know. According to Lin Family information, Yan Que underestimated Lin Yi. With Yan Que dead, the other four Chaotic Realms definitely could not do much,” the grey-robed elder said.

“Useless. To think that Yan Que was from the Water Fairy Island,” Zhuge Hong was enraged.

He had paid a hefty price to bring Yan Que over.

They had thought that since Yan Que was a true Half Step Divine Demon from Water Fairy Island, killing Jian Wushuang should have been a piece of cake.

But Yan Que had died instead.

“Jian Wushuang should have reached the Incineration Moon City by now,” Zhuge Hong said.

“Tomorrow at the latest,” the grey-robed elder said. “Lord Hong, do you want to continue sending experts to kill him?”

“No need,” Zhuge Hong shook his head.

“Jian Wushuang will have taken precautions by now. It won’t be that easy anymore. The moment he reaches the Incineration Moon City, he would definitely stay in the Governor’s Mansion. His father Zhuo Yunfeng is a Half Step Divine Demon himself. Even if we sent a Chaotic Divine Demon expert to take him down, our chances are not high.”

“Furthermore, these are the Lin Family controlled regions. The moment our Chaotic Divine Demons move out, they’ll know. It’s hard to kill him anymore.”

Zhuge Hong was proud and arrogant, but his plans were meticulous as well. He knew that it would not be as easy to kill Jian Wushuang.

“We have to watch that genius grow?” the grey-robed elder asked.

“Why not? The Zhuge Family preparations are almost complete, they’ll take five years tops. We will uproot the Lin Family by then. Jian Wushuang can’t grow much during those five years anyway,” Zhuge Hong smiled.

“I see,” the grey-robed elder said with a nod.

Indeed, the duel between the families would end in five years, and the Lin Family would be the one that went down.

Even if Jian Wushuang was a genius, how much could Jian Wushuang improve in five years?

Nothing would change.

Zhuge Family would have their way with him.

“Put Jian Wushuang’s issue aside. The Yan Que died at Lin Family’s hands, right? Haha, Yan Que may not be anyone significant, but Yan Que’s still from the Water Fairy Island, after all.” Zhuge Hong smiled.

“Lord Hong, you mean, tell the Water Fairy Island about it?” the grey-robed elder asked.

“Indeed, but not under the Zhuge Family name. Don’t let them know we paid Yan Que to kill Jian Wushuang, lest we get caught in the crossfire as well,” Zhuge Hong said.

“Understood,” the grey-robed elder nodded.

“Our plans are enough to keep the Lin Family busy, but now with the Water Fairy Island... Haha!”

Zhuge Hong’s sneers kept going.