Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2325 Chaotic Realm

As a Half Step Divine Demon expert, Zhuo Yunfeng had seen much of the world. He knew in an instant what the Zhuge Family was planning.

“Shuang, you did right this time,” Zhuo Yunfeng said. “Lin Tiefeng and I are blood-sworn brothers. If the Lin Family is in trouble, I would help no matter what. You did the right thing defeating Zhuge Hong there.”

Jian Wushuang shrugged his shoulders. He knew his father well.

“If I’m not wrong, the Zhuge Family will make their move soon. If they dared to attack me, it means that they were prepared. Even if you help the Lin Family, Father, I’m afraid it won’t change much,” Jian Wushuang said. “And if they come, you may die along with the Lin Family!”

“Looks like I need to restore my own powers as soon as possible. My cultivation base should at least be at the Chaotic Realm level in order to fight the Zhuge Family.”

Jian Wushuang knew clearly that without his Soul Attack, he would struggle against a Peak Chaotic Realm expert.

Zhuge Family could simply send a Half Step Divine Demon to kill him.

He could not influence the battle with his fighting power.

But if he restored his Chaotic Realm cultivation base, things would be different.

“If I train normally, it’ll take me four to five years to go from Middle Pure Sun Realm to Early Stage Chaotic Realm. But with the elixirs and Natural Treasures by my side, I should improve fast enough. I can only hope it’ll be faster than the Zhuge Family.” Jian Wushuang’s gaze flashed with a ray of fine light.

Afterwards. Jian Wushuang stayed in the Governor’s Mansion, improving his Divine Power with the elixirs and Natural Treasures.

At the same time, Lin Yi and Lin Ao remained hiding within the Incineration Moon City in case anything happened within the Governor’s Mansion.

A month passed, and the Mansion remained peaceful.

“Guess the Zhuge Family is not so stupid after all.” Jian Wushuang sat in his room, reading a jade bamboo strip. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He had guessed that the Zhuge Family would not attack him for a second time after the first failure.

It would be too difficult for them.

But as a safety precaution, Jian Wushuang had still requested that Lin Yi and Lin Ao stay for an extra month, but it was obviously in vain.

After a month passed, Lin Yi and Lin Ao naturally left the Incineration Moon City and returned back to the Lin Mansion.

Jian Wushuang remained peaceful and continued to improve his Divine Power cultivation base.

Time passed.

In a flash, three years passed.

Jian Wushuang became nineteen years old that year. In the Absolute Beginning Divine World, that made him an adult.

In a secret room within the Governor’s Mansion, Jian Wushuang sat alone with his eyes shut as strong Divine Power surrounded him.

The Divine Power was converging towards him wildly, striking the barrier within his own body.

In two hits, the barrier collapsed.

He had had a breakthrough.

Jian Wushuang’s Divine Power and holy body had begun to change.

“Chaotic Realm, I’m finally here!”

Jian Wushuang opened his eyes, evidently surprised.

He now possessed Early Stage Chaotic Realm powers, equivalent to a Sir God’s, but Jian Wushuang was still far from his pinnacle cultivation base.

But it was enough to delight him.

The leap between the Pure Sun Realm and the Chaotic Realm was a big one. Crossing it meant Jian Wushuang’s abilities would leap forward as well.

More importantly, he could now learn many secret skills.

“I thought it would take me three to four years, and indeed it took exactly three years. Faster than I had imagined,” Jian Wushuang thought with a smile.

If he allowed Zhuo Yunfeng to know his cultivation base, he would be shocked.

Jian Wushuang had shown him an Early Pure Sun Realm cultivation base, but if he were to jump to Chaotic Realm just three years later?

The cultivating speed... it would be mind-blowing.

The entire Anjiu Commandery, or even the Wusha Barren Region, had not heard of anyone reaching Chaotic Realm levels before the age of twenty.

But now Jian Wushuang had done it.

Of course, Jian Wushuang could reach those levels only because his own cultivation base had long ago reached Divine Demon levels.

He was simply restoring Divine Power.

As long as he had enough Divine Power, he could break through without any trouble.

In terms of the accumulation of Divine Power, the Absolute Beginning Divine World’s spiritual influence of heaven and earth was rich, in addition to his Perfect Chaotic Lifeform body absorbing them at terrifying speeds, along with more elixirs and Natural Treasures... reaching Chaotic Realm at the age of nineteen seemed normal.

If he continued to recover at that speed, he would restore his Chaotic Divine Demon levels within a decade.

But after he stepped into Divine Demon levels, his cultivating speeds would slow down.

“In the previous life, as an Inverse Cultivator, when I first stepped into Chaotic Realm levels, my Divine Power was strong enough to fight against Peak Chaotic Realms. Along with the explosive power granted by my Bloodline of Ancient Clan, my powers were even stronger than those of Peak Chaotic Realm experts. But in this life, although I no longer possess the Bloodline of Ancient Clan, as a Perfect Chaotic Lifeform, my Divine Powers...”

Jian Wushuang murmured as he clenched his right fist, accumulating an explosive power.

Jian Wushuang punched the nearby Void.

Peng!

A violentm wind-crackling sound could be heard as the space within the Void rippled subtly.

“This power should be good against a Half Step Divine Demon,” Jian Wushuang was pleased.

He had just stepped into the Chaotic Realm, but his Divine Powers now rivalled a Half Step Divine Demon?

How?

“And I’m not a complete Perfect Chaotic Lifeform yet. When I reach my pinnacle state as a Chaotic Divine Demon, I wonder how terrifying I’ll be,” Jian Wushuang clenched his fists in anticipation.

...