Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2326: Five Great Secret Skills (Part I)

Upon reaching Chaotic Realm levels, Jian Wushuang’s power went through dramatic changes.

If he encountered the Half Step Divine Demon Yan Que, even without Lin Yi he could easily kill him with his own power.

After all, with his Rules of Power along with his Sword Principle understanding, as long as his Divine Powers could demonstrate Half Step Divine Demon levels, he could easily kill Yan Que.

After reaching Chaotic Realm levels, he could start training many secret skills as well.

The secret skills referred to the six great secret skills his master had left in his head after he had been reincarnated.

The most powerful secret skill of the six was his masters Heaven Slaughter Skill.

As the first Perfect Chaotic Lifeform, how powerful would Xuan Yi’s self-created Heaven Slaughter Skill be?

He dare not speculate before he trained it. The qualifications for the Heaven Slaughter Skill were too high. He needed to reach Chaotic Divine Demon levels first.

So, he could only train the Five Great Secret Skills from the Seven Star Black Sect.

They were the Secret Skill of Seven Stars, Nine Star Armour, Punisher God, Exquisite Pagoda, and the Body of Eternity.

The Five Great Secret Skills had had a great reputation during Seven Star Black Sect’s prime.

All five secret skills were extremely powerful, and countless experts craved it.

But as the Seven Star Divine Realm perished and the remaining experts stuck at the Seven Star Divine Realm, the Five Great Secret Skills were no longer to be seen on the Absolute Beginning Divine World.

But Jian Wushuang now possessed all five of them.

In the secret room, Jian Wushuang started analysing it.

He had analysed it before, so he already understood most of it.

First was the Secret Skill of Seven Stars. He was most familiar with this secret skill. The Secret Skills of Star Palace he had trained in the Eternal Chaotic World had originated from this Secret Skill of Seven Stars and had depended heavily on it to escape from life-and-death situations.

But the Secret Skills of Star Palace and the true Secret Skill of Seven Stars were obviously different.

The Secret Skills of Star Palace had been passed down in the Eternal Chaotic World after his master Xuan Yi’s modification.

The Eternal Chaotic World lacked the willpower of Heaven Way, and therefore the balance of much could be disrupted.

With the Secret Skills of Star Palace, the first scroll increased his fighting power tenfold.

The second scroll, a hundred-fold.

The third scroll, a thousand-fold! Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The secret skill was unbelievable.

But in reality, the Secret Skills of Star Palace could only be demonstrated in the Eternal Chaotic World.

In the Absolute Beginning Divine World, with Heaven Way around, there was no way a secret skill could increase one’s power by a hundred times.

No secret skill was capable of such a thing.

Although the complete Secret Skill of Seven Stars was impressive, it was not as amazing as the one he had learned back at the Eternal Chaotic World.

The true Secret Skill of Seven Stars concentrated Star Power as well, but the Star Power would instead concentrate into the person’s holy body, merging perfectly with their Divine Power and blood essence. The Star Power would improve the person’s own cultivation base.

The Secret Skill of Seven Stars had three scrolls as well.

The first scroll elevated anyone below an Undying Saint by half a realm.

The second scroll elevated anyone below an Undying Saint by a full realm.

The third scroll elevated anyone below an Undying Saint by two realms, and elevated anyone beyond an Undying Saint by half a realm!

Jian Wushuang was left speechless as he read through the information related to the Secret Skill of Seven Stars.

Within the Absolute Beginning Divine World, even though the Secret Skill of Seven Stars was not as outrageous due to Heaven Way, it was still terrifying.

It could directly elevate one’s own cultivation base.

The three scrolls would help one immensely.

Especially the third scroll.

Once that was learnt, anyone below an Undying Saint would be elevated by two realms. Say, if an Early Stage Chaotic Realm expert were to learn that third scroll, he could reach the Peak Chaotic Realm in an instant!

That was the elevation of two realms.

Elevating half a realm above the Undying Saint was even more impressive.

An Undying Saint was one of the strongest experts in the Absolute Beginning Divine World, even a little improvement meant a lot to an Undying Saint, and was very hard to achieve.

Now, if they knew they could be elevated by half a realm instantly with the help of the secret skill, many Undying Saints would kill for it.

“Tsk, it is indeed one of the strongest secret skill the Seven Star Black Sect has to offer. It may not be as good as the Secret Skills of Star Palace, but in the Absolute Beginning Divine World, this would help immensely,” Jian Wushuang said in admiration.

He was very content with it.

Of course, as a Chaotic Realm, it was hard to learn all three scrolls in one shot, he could only learn the first.

Even so, his powers would improve immensely.

Next, Jian Wushuang read the Nine Star Armour.

He had seen Emperor Bai demonstrate the Nine Star Armour before, and knew how powerful it was.

It was also one of Seven Star Black Sect’s strongest secret skills.

But after reading its details, Jian Wushuang shook his head.

An Early Stage Chaotic Realm could indeed train it, but one needed lots of resources.

More importantly, one needed to create their own Life Armour!

The Life Armour was different from any other armour.

The Life Armour needed to be created with the cultivator’s own blood essence, linking the armour to the host itself. If the Life Armour got damaged, the host would be injured as well.

And the Life Armour could only be used by the creator.

The Nine Star Armour was a secret skill that complemented the Life Armour.

“The resources required for the Nine Star Armour cultivation were nothing, but creating a Life Armour will be a different matter,” Jian Wushuang murmured.