Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2327: Five Great Secret Skills (Part II)

He had learnt from Emperor Bai back in the Eternal Chaotic World that it took him a huge amount of time and resources to master the Nine Star Armour.

He now knew it was due to the Life Armour.

“It’s not easy creating a Life Armour,” Jian Wushuang said.

Creating a Life Armour not only required blood essence but also resources suitable for the armour.

Those resources were considered extremely valuable in the Absolute Beginning Divine World as well.

At least his Zhuo Yunfeng and the Lin Mansion would definitely not be able to obtain it.

Maybe a big sect in the Wusha Barren Region would be willing to sacrifice that much.

Next, Life Armour still needed a master smelter to be created.

In the Wusha Barren Region, there were only so many master smelters in the region. Jian Wushuang would not be able to reach them at that moment.

Without materials or someone to help smelt it, he could not master the Nine Star Armour anyway. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

“I’ll put the Nine Star Armour on hold for now,” Jian Wushuang said to himself.

The Nine Star Armour was powerful. Jian Wushuang would never give up on it.

He simply put it on hold.

Next, Jian Wushuang read the Punisher God.

He had seen Emperor Bai demonstrate the terrifying Punisher God before.

When Emperor Bai was in full drive, the 99,000 foot tall golden emperor shadow improved his powers immensely. The Punisher God also had some tricks up its sleeve, like the Punisher’s Hell. Jian Wushuang was relatively envious of Emperor Bai then.

But even if Emperor Bai had handed him the secret skill in the Eternal Chaotic World then, it would have been too hard for him to learn.

But things were different now.

“The Punisher God only needs sufficient spiritual influence of heaven and earth and some supplementary treasures to help. Not easy to find in the Eternal Chaotic World, but easy enough over here. I can do this,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

He was in a better position than Emperor Bai to learn the Punisher God.

There were levels to the cultivation of Punisher God as well.

The levels could be seen from how tall the shadow one could precipitate was.

The first level would form a one hundred foot tall shadow.

The second level, a thousand feet.

The third level, ten thousand feet.

The fourth level, a hundred thousand feet.

The fifth level, a million feet!

Jian Wushuang remembered when Emperor Bai had demonstrated the Punisher God in the Eternal Chaotic World, the shadow reached 99,000 feet high.

In terms of levels, Emperor Bai should have been one step away from the fourth level.

But in reality, that was not the case.

“Although Emperor Bai formed a shadow 99,000 feet high then, the secret skill he learnt had always been flawed. It would be easy to keep going, but its true power cannot be released. Even if he had obtained the complete skill afterwards, he’d pale in comparison to those who had the full skill from the very beginning,” Jian Wushuang said.

According to the Punisher God information, it was not easy to cultivate it.

The third level of Punisher God already required a top Chaotic Divine Demon to master.

The only reason Emperor Bai had reached the peak of the third level was because the skill he had learnt was flawed from the very beginning.

“With my abilities and some time, I should be able to learn the first level of Punisher God, forming a one hundred foot tall shadow. This way, my powers will improve too.” Jian Wushuang smiled.

Of the Five Great Secret Skills in the Seven Star Black Sect, the Secret Skill of Seven Stars, Nine Star Armour, and Punisher God were all secret skills that improved fighting power.

He could learn two of the three for now.

As for the remaining two...

“Exquisite Pagoda, Body of Eternity, these are defensive secret skills,” Jian Wushuang read on.

The Exquisite Pagoda was a Soul Defense secret skill.

After a cultivator reached Chaotic Realm levels and his consciousness morphed into a soul, the soul would become particularly important.

As one’s powers grew stronger, the more important his soul would become.

Once someone has reached Undying Saint levels and gained the Body of Undying, the soul would be their root power.

Therefore, Soul Defense was particularly important.

Many experts in the Absolute Beginning Divine World would give up everything in order to improve their Soul Defense abilities.

And as the Five Great Secret Skills of the Seven Star Black Sect, the Exquisite Pagoda was the top five Soul Defense skills in the Absolute Beginning Divine World!

It was definitely a Soul Defense skill countless experts would kill for.

“After I reincarnated, without my Soul Swallowing Pearl, my Soul Defense dropped quite a bit. I can make use of this Exquisite Pagoda,” Jian Wushuang smiled.

He knew that in order to free the people in the Seven Star Divine Realm and meet his closest family and friends on the other side, he needed to prioritise his life.

The Exquisite Pagoda would help him with that immensely.

Besides the Exquisite Pagoda, there was the Body of Eternity and equally strong protective secret skill.

But Jian Wushuang had no intention to learn it.

After all, he already possessed a more suitable protective secret skill.

“The Body of Eternity can be considered the top ten protective secret skills in the Absolute Beginning Divine World, but the Immemorial Celestial Body of the Ancient Clan is probably stronger,” Jian Wushuang murmured.