Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2328: About to Start!

The Immemorial Celestial Body was from the Ancient Clan!

The Ancient Clan was one of the Four Big Holy Tribes in the Absolute Beginning Divine World, powerful in both close combat and preservation techniques.

The Immemorial Celestial Body was the Ancient Clan’s trump card.

When comparing the Immemorial Celestial Body and the Body of Eternity, most would likely agree that the Immemorial Celestial Body was slightly stronger, for it increased the strength of the holy body as well as one’s own Divine Power. The only flaw was that it could only be cultivated by someone that possessed the Bloodline of Ancient Clan – the Ancient Clan.

Therefore, although the secret skill was powerful, it was not very popular in the Absolute Beginning Divine World. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Because even if Absolute Beginning Divine World cultivators were to obtain the secret skill, they could not learn it.

Jian Wushuang had possessed the Bloodline of Ancient Clan in his past life, and the Immemorial Celestial Body had helped him immensely.

But after reincarnation, he had lost everything except his soul.

Naturally, he had lost the Bloodline of Ancient Clan as well.

However, Jian Wushuang soon realised that he could still practice the secret skills of the Ancient Clan.

The Ancient Clan secret skills all required the Bloodline of Ancient Clan, but Jian Wushuang could perform them easily.

Jian Wushuang then realised that as a Perfect Chaotic Lifeform, he was the origin of all living beings, therefore he had the Bloodline of Ancient Clan somewhere within him as well.

And it does not stop there. Even if the other three Holy Tribes had secret skills that needed their unique Bloodline Power, as long as Jian Wushuang had the secret skill, there was no stopping him.

The Body of Eternity was impressive, but Jian Wushuang would definitely prefer the Immemorial Celestial Body if he could learn it.

“The Five Great Secret Skills. I can learn the Secret Skill of Seven Stars, Punisher God, Exquisite Pagoda... add the Immemorial Celestial Body into the mix, and I should have enough to roam these lands freely,” Jian Wushuang murmured.

After making a decision, Jian Wushuang started making his move.

In addition, he went directly to his father Zhuo Yunfeng for his help at searching some cultivating resources.

Zhuo Yunfeng had high hopes for Jian Wushuang and naturally did his best after learning that those resources would do good for Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang did not waste time either and soon started his training.

In the blink of an eye, two months passed.

Jian Wushuang was still cultivating the secret skills, but he had to stop. The Zhuge Family was about to make their move.

Governor’s Mansion, within the hall.

“Brother Lin has sent a message to me. I’ll make my way to the Lin Mansion tomorrow to assist them,” Zhuo Yunfeng said solemnly.

Luo Xinqin beside him frowned worriedly.

“They’re finally making their move?” Jian Wushuang squinted and said, “Father, I’ll follow you to the Lin Mansion tomorrow.”

“Nonsense,” Zhuo Yunfeng berated him, “You think this is a game?”

“The Zhuge Family is determined to exterminate the Lin Family this time. Any misstep would lead to dire circumstances. Even I may not survive then, how could you help?”

“You’ll be seeking an early death!”

“Father, the Zhuge Family have had their eyes on me since I returned three years ago, they even sent a Half Step Divine Demon to kill me. Even though they failed, they will not give up. The reason why they have not made their move since is that you are still here. The moment you leave and the Zhuge Family hears the word of it, do you think Mother and I will be safe in the mansion?” Jian Wushuang said calmly.

Zhuo Yunfeng flinched.

He remembered that Jian Wushuang had once been chased down by the Zhuge Family.

As for what Jian Wushuang said, if he left the Governor’s Mansion, and the Zhuge Family assassins came...

“Okay, for your safety, follow me to the Lin Mansion tomorrow. But when we reach it, follow our arrangements. If the Lin Mansion can no longer be defended, I will arrange someone to help both of you escape. Do not hesitate at that time,” Zhuo Yunfeng said solemnly.

“That moment will not come, Father. Even if it does, we can escape,” Jian Wushuang replied.

“Okay,” Zhuo Yunfeng nodded.

He did not notice how determined and cold Jian Wushuang’s gaze was.

Jian Wushuang had long known that his father was prepared to die with the Lin Family.

If the Lin Family could no longer fend off the Zhuge Family. Zhuo Yunfeng would definitely fight to the death alongside Lin Tiefeng. That was not what Jian Wushuang wanted.

“Unfortunately, it’s only been two months since I made a breakthrough to Chaotic Realm levels. Besides the first scroll of the Immemorial Celestial Body, I have not mastered the rest. The odds are not good,” Jian Wushuang murmured.

He had wasted no time training those past two months.

But he needed more time. The resources he needed for Punisher God had not arrived like his father had promised.

Although he had cultivated the first scroll of the Immemorial Celestial Body, it had not boosted his powers immensely.

But he remained confident that he could go against normal Chaotic Divine Demons.

“Regardless, I will not let anything be done to my parents. Not the past life, not now!” Jian Wushuang clenched his fist as a hint of murderous intent swept through his gaze. “The Zhuge Family tried to take my life. I had no grudges. But if they dare mess with family, they will have to get through me first.”

The next day, Jian Wushuang and his parents, along with some Chaotic Realm guards, left for the Lin Mansion.

They arrived smoothly a few days later.

At the Lin Family, the Head was waiting at the gate.

Under normal circumstances, a Half Step Divine Demon would not have been worthy of the Lin Family Head to welcome personally, but Zhuo Yunfeng was different.

Everyone in the Anjiu Commandery knew that Zhuo Yunfeng and Lin Tiefeng were sworn brothers.

Even though some experts would hesitate or even reject Lin Family’s pleas for help, Zhuo Yunfeng did not hesitate and was instead the first to arrive.