Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 240: The Unparalleled Sword

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The Triple-kill Sword is a killing sword and a superior third-grade magic weapon with extraordinary power.

Therefore, when Jian Wushuang returned from the Ancestor’s Land, he kept the Triple-kill Sword in his Interspatial Ring. Instead, he carried an average longsword on his back. Usually, he used this average Long Sword. It was only when he met real experts that he used the Triple-kill Sword.

In the current battle, he killed three Yin Void warriors from the Nine Emperors Sect in succession and even battled fiercely with Ku Ya. But he had never once used the Triple-kill Sword.

“Psh, trying to play tricks now.”

Ku Ya noticed when the Long Sword in Jian Wushuang’s hand changed, but he did not care. With one stride, he once again appeared in front of Jian Wushuang.

“Although I couldn’t kill you instantly, it doesn’t matter. I only need one more shot,” Ku Ya spoke in a chilling tone. His body bent forward as a massive meandering dragon reappeared.

“Three-beasts-killing Fist, Dragon-killing Fist!”

With Ku Ya’s explosive shout, the massive dragon, covered by a layer of thunderbolt essence, roared and slammed itself directly towards Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang’s expression was as peaceful as water, but the Triple-kill Sword in his hands started pulsating crazily as if it was shouting with excitement. Jian Wushuang then grabbed the Triple-kill Sword, raised it high above him and released a horrifying surge of killing intent.

This surge of killing intent, strong beyond comparison, shot into the sky.

The sky which was originally vast and clear became dark, with stormy clouds crowding the sky.

A vague figure appeared behind Jian Wushuang.

It was a fifty-foot tall giant. The giant stood straight and appeared like a God of War.

For the countless warriors that were watching the battle, they could not help but look terrified. Everybody was looking at the giant with a horrific expression because the giant was exerting an enormous amount of pressure on them.

As Jian Wushuang’s Triple-kill Sword was slowly raised over his head, the Long Sword in the giant’s hand was raised simultaneously.

Rumble ~~~ The whole earth seemed to be trembling as killing intent permeated the air.

“Blood Emptying Technique, the First Move, All-smashing Stroke!”

The light in Jian Wushuang’s eyes exploded and seemed to take form as it swept everything away. The Triple-kill Sword that was raised high above his head fiercely hacked down.

The magnificent giant behind him also swung his sword down.

An unparalleled sword strike!

Sword of Killing!

It was finally here.

The world roared and the air seemed to solidify.

All light immediately disappeared, leaving only a majestic bloody sword shadow.

The bloody sword shadow was huge beyond comparison and its power was even more monstrous. It immediately slew the massive dragon which was charging towards him.

Facing this unparalleled sword, the massive dragon seemed like a small insect without the power to resist.

Shua!

The sword light landed on the massive dragon’s body and hacked the dragon into two halves. The power of this unparalleled sword was only slightly weakened, then it continued to charge towards Ku Ya.

“This...” Ku Ya’s pupils which had always been contracted opened wide. A trace of shock could be detected in his gaze, as if he could not believe this attack came from Jian Wushuang, a Yin Void Champion.

In the next moment, the unparalleled sword pierced through him mercilessly.

Ku Ya’s body split apart, then the sword strike frantically vibrated and tore his body to pieces, only leaving behind a blood drizzle.

Exception Yang Void Realm expert Ku Ya, dead!

Silence!

Whether it was the surrounding battlefields or the hidden warriors from the different sects, all of them were silent at this moment.

What just happened?

An Exceptional Yang Void Realm warrior, a top expert in the Tianzong Dynasty was directly killed by a single sword strike?

Killed so swiftly? With no resistance at all?

And Jian Wushuang was so young?

Six months ago, when he participated in the Easternmost Hunt, he was only 19. Now, half a year later, he might be 20.

A 20-year-old killed someone in the Exceptional Yang Void Realm?

How was he so powerful? Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Unbelievable, that was the word in everyone’s mind at the moment.

As for Jian Wushuang, he was still holding his Long Sword as usual. He floated in the air, looking at the bloody haze on the ground as he shook his head and said, “Being in the Exceptional Yang Void Realm, you might have been a top warrior in the Tianzong Dynasty, but you were still no match for me.”

As far as everyone knew, in the Easternmost Hunt, Jian Wushuang had been in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm when he fought against Grayrobe, who was in the Initial Yang Void Realm. And he even had a bit of an upper hand.

Although only half a year had passed, within the span of six months, he had obtained a great amount of luck from the Ancestor’s Land. His strength was way too strong.

His cultivation alone he had risen four levels, and he had comprehended the Slaughter Origin. He had made accomplishments in both the Slaughter Origin and World Origin.

The Sword Skill he displayed, theBlood Emptying Technique, was also of the superior third-grade.

And he had the legendary Triple-kill sword which was also a superior third-grade magic weapon.

Ku Ya was only stronger than him in cultivation. In other aspects, he could not compare with Jian Wushuang at all.

The Three-beasts-killing Fist that Ku Ya prided himself on wasn’t even at the Origin level.

As a whole, Jian Wushuang’s real strength exceeded the Exceptional Yang Void Realm. This allowed him to easily kill Ku Ya with his slaughter doppelganger, without ever having to fight in person!

Jian Wushuang had comprehended World Origin first. After a month of meditation at the Rainstorm Palace, his improvement in World Origin was much greater than that in Slaughter Origin, so his own battle strength was definitely higher than his slaughter doppelganger.

With the death of Ku Ya, no one could stop Jian Wushuang anymore.

Weng ~~~ Jian Wushuang’s Triple-kill Sword was vibrating crazily as his body floated out.

“Mr. Ku was killed?”

Mo Feng, the Upper Elder from the Nine Emperors Sect, was in a state of shock. Suddenly, he felt a wave of threat seeping into his heart and instantly sensed a chilly sword light by his side.

“Not good.”?Mo Feng panicked and desperately tried to resist, but it was to no avail.

Shua!

The sword light brushed past Mo Feng and his head flew off.

After killing him, Jian Wushuang felt that the vibration strength of the Triple-kill Sword increased, as if the Triple-kill Sword had an innate desire to kill.

“Little guy, don’t be impatient, I’ll give you one more.” Jian Wushuang flashed a chilly smile. His body floated off once again and reappeared in front of the last Yin Void warrior of the Nine Emperors Sect.

His sword light similarly brushed past him and this Yin Void warrior was instantly killed, with no chance to even resist.

As of now, the five Yin-Yang Void Realm warriors, including the Yang Void Realm Upper Elder, Mo Feng, had all died.

...