Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2394: The Fall of Mu Clan

Jian Wushuang spent his remaining time as an outer disciple on Narcissus Island.

With the support of many elixir pills and Nature Treasures, Jian Wushuang managed to very quickly recover his strength.

Half a year passed in a blink of an eye.

Narcissus Island was as calm as ever, but a major event happened in the Wusha Wilderness within the six months.

The Mu Clan was one of the strongest families in the Wusha Wilderness. Although it was only a family, in terms of background and strength it was no weaker than some second-tier sect. It might even be stronger.

Such a family was relentlessly destroyed by someone.

The interesting fact was that person who destroyed the Mu Clan was none other than their Second Miss Mu, Mu Xiaoxiao who was taken away more than ten years ago!

The entire Wusha Wilderness was shaken up when the news was released creating an uproar.

Everyone was shocked by the action of this Miss Xiao.

She was only seven to eight years old when she was taken away more than ten years ago. She was not even twenty years old when she took the action against her own family.

The naive little girl had attained such a terrifying power in just over ten years and even destroyed the Mu Clan in one blow.

Besides, there was news that in the battle to destroy the Mu Clan, there were more than fifty First-Class Divine Demons backing Miss Xiao alone. There were also eight Peak Stage Divine Demons and most importantly, there was also an Ultimate God who took action for her!

Ultimate Gods were above the Divine Demon Realm.

Someone at that level was not a powerhouse in the vast Ancient God Domain, but that person was definitely at the world’s top in the Wusha Wilderness.

Ultimate Gods were supreme experts of top sects in the Wusha Wilderness.

The Lord of Narcissus Island, for one, was an Ultimate God.

The Great Compassion Sect was the top sect in the Wusha Wilderness and they had three Ultimate Gods which was why they were extremely powerful.

In the battle where the Mu Clan was destroyed, there were a total of three Ultimate Gods who were part of it!

Three Ultimate Gods, eight Peak Stage Divine Demons, more than 50 First-Class Divine Demons, some Second-Class Divine Demons, and countless Third-Class Divine Demons were the force that destroyed the Mu Clan.

The power was so overwhelming that it was no wonder the Mu Clan was smashed without any trace of resistance.

However, such a terrifying force which includes three Ultimate Gods were completely subservient to one person, which was Miss Xiao!

That was incredible.

No one knew what Miss Xiao did to have so many supreme experts obey her. The only certainty was that the power in her hands was enough to stir up a storm in the entire Wusha Wilderness. Even the Great Compassion Sect dared not underestimate the young lady’s power.

Many sects and supreme experts began collecting information about Miss Xiao. They sent people to watch over Miss Xiao’s movements.

Those sects were all worried about what possible acts Miss Xiao would do after destroying the Mu Clan, such as annexing one or two sects and creating a new force to contend with the Great Compassion Sect.

In the eyes of many sects, that was completely possible as the probability of occurrence was rather high.

It was a pity that they had looked down on this Miss Xiao.

Miss Xiao had an extraordinary background and her vision was no longer on the small Wusha Wilderness. She had decided to destroy the Mu Clan only because they had offended her. She could not be bothered to go against the other sects.

Miss Xiao immediately left after smashing the Mu Clan.

She sent a message to Jian Wushuang when she left.

“Jian Wushuang, I’ll make a move first. You can stay in Wusha Wilderness and slowly regain your strength. If you can’t keep up with my pace in the future, then never look for me again.”

Upon receiving the message, Jian Wushuang shook his head and chuckled.

“Miss Xiao is clever as she is a reincarnate with great power. It’s only natural that her strength could recover very quickly but I’m different.”

Jian Wushuang knew very well that even when he was at his previous life’s peak, he was in the Divine Demon Realm. He was only able to break through the Divine Demon Realm using the Reincarnation Passage at the last moment.

Besides, he was a Perfect Chaotic Creature and this identity made it difficult for him to accumulate divine power as compared to ordinary cultivators.

Under those circumstances, it would naturally take a longer period of time for him to restore his power back to its peak.

Even if his power was restored to its peak, he would probably be unable to quickly make progress in his realm.

A Perfect Chaotic Creature had terrifying combat power with the capabilities to contend against people of a much higher level, it is not an ability for cultivating power or progressing realms.

“What I want to do is to steadily fight step-by-step to the peak and not just blindly pursue the realm with speed,” muttered Jian Wushuang.

Of course, that only mattered after he returned to Divine Demon Realm. The main objective now was for him to focus on improving his realm. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

In the past six months, Jian Wushuang had recovered his power at top speed with cultivation resources and elixir pills to enhance his divine power.

Just five days ago, he broke through again and achieved Peak Stage Chaotic Realm!

The Peak Stage Chaotic Realm was equivalent to the Great Emperor Realm of the Eternal Chaotic World. It was safe to say that Jian Wushuang had reached his previous life’s peak power or even stronger than that.

Moreover, Jian Wushuang had long understood the laws. Hence, he could be considered a Half-Step Divine Demon Realm, only half a step away from being the Chaotic Divine Demon.

At the same time, after Jian Wushuang broke through and reached the Peak Stage Chaotic Realm, he could start cultivating the second level of Primordial Void Celestial Body.

With his previous life’s cultivation experience, it would be an easy task and as his divine body improved, his divine power would become more pure and refined.

“Half a year ago, I was only in the Middle Stage Chaotic Realm with the first level of Primordial Void Celestial Body, but my combat power was comparable to the First-Class Divine Demons. In terms of overall power, I am afraid that only a few First-Class Divine Demons could be my opponents.” Jian Wushuang smiled.

His divine power had reached a whole new level in just six months.

Although his improvement was not small, it was not at a terrifying speed.

Jian Wushuang was clear that in order for him to make unprecedented improvements was to cross over from the Chaotic Realm to Divine Demon Realm!

Firstly, the gap between the Divine Demon Realm and the Chaotic Realm was huge.

Secondly, which was also the most important part, once he reached the Divine Demon Realm his Perfect Chaotic Creature would be truly complete. The advantages of being a Perfect Chaotic Creature would be revealed to him one by one.

That would be the real transformation!

“It’s coming. It won’t take long before I can truly reach the Divine Demon Realm.” Jian Wushuang clasped his hands together tightly as his eyes gleamed with anticipation.