Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2414: Complete Sword Principle

Jian Wushuang was still fighting his opponents on the trial bridge.

He very calmly and easily defeated his opponents.

Crimson Stone Saint was not surprised either as he had foreseen that Jian Wushuang could make it to at least the 60th floor and possibly even the 70th floor.

It was no doubt that Jian Wushuang could easily pass through the 40th floor.

What took Crimson Stone Saint by surprise was that Jian Wushuang decided to stop advancing when he had just broken through the 50th floor.

He stayed and sat down on the 51st floor and instead of continuing the fight against his opponent there.

He was seen seated with his eyes closed on the trial bridge.

“What is that young man doing?” The Crimson Stone Saint was a little surprised.

He had no idea that Jian Wushuang had entered an enlightenment state.

He sat there cross-legged while reflecting in his mind on his earlier dueling experiences against those 50 opponents.

Although the opponents did not put him under too much pressure, his sword principle understanding had been improved in the process.

In fact, Jian Wushuang’s understanding of sword principles had reached the Profound Sword Principle Realm many years ago.

He kept on studying over the years. Although he was exploring on his own, nonetheless he had made great progress.

Before entering Saint’s Tomb, Jian Wushuang’s sword principles understanding was at the Profound Sword Principle Realm, just a small step away from achieving the Complete Sword Principle Realm.

However, that small step was a bottleneck in his journey.

In his process of fighting against each and every opponent who had outstanding swordsmanship on the eighth trial bridge, Jian Wushuang saw a light at the end of the tunnel.

“Sword Principles...”

Jian Wushuang was reminiscing the many duel scenes with different techniques that he had learned from it.

Not only had he reflected on the scenes where he fought against the 50 opponents, but he also traveled down his memory lane whereby he had performed a myriad of sword techniques in the past along with all the powerful swordsmanship techniques that he had observed from past experts.

One of them was the sword technique performed by Emperor Thirteen in his previous life.

Those scenes were flashing through his mind.

Jian Wushuang was thinking and meditating in full concentration as time was slowly passing.

The trial bridge remained calm while he was in the enlightenment process.

The 51st opponent stood readily in front of Jian Wushuang, but he would not make the first move if Jian Wushuang did not attack.

“It’s been three days. This young man actually stayed on the 51st floor for a full three days?”

“I believe he must have gotten some enlightenment, but he should really complete the test. It’s not too late to go into meditation after the test, isn’t it?”

Crimson Stone Saint gave Jian Wushuang a strange look in that hidden independent space.

Only ten days were given to complete the test of the eight trial bridge.

The time was barely enough, yet Jian Wushuang had spent three days on his enlightenment process.

Three days later, Jian Wushuang finally opened his eyes.

At the moment he cracked open his eyes, an astonishing sword light flashed.

An intense sword essence immediately rose in Jian Wushuang’s body.

It was something completely different from the sword essence that Jian Wushuang emanated three days ago.

It was much stronger! Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

An entirely two different concept levels.

It was clear that Jian Wushuang had achieved a completely different understanding of sword principles.

He had a breakthrough from the Profound Sword Principle Realm to the Complete Sword Principle Realm.

That was a qualitative transformation as both realms were incomparable.

“It feels good to have achieved the Complete Sword Principle Realm.” Jian Wushuang smiled.

He could feel his swordsmanship reaching a whole new level that could bring about a huge improvement in terms of strength, power, and accuracy when he wielded the sword.

Jian Wushuang stood up after taking a deep breath.

The Crimson Stone Saint who was hiding in darkness had also noticed Jian Wushuang’s changes.

“This kid actually broke through?”

He was taken aback even though he was Crimson Stone Saint himself.

He thought that Jian Wushuang had probably gained a deeper understanding of the sword principles and made a small progress, but little did he expect to see Jian Wushuang had broken through to the Complete Sword Principle Realm.

He had crossed over into the Complete Sword Principle Realm from the Profound Sword Principle Realm!

That was a huge breakthrough.

“How is this possible? A Chaotic Realm actually achieved the Completed Sword Principle Realm.” The Crimson Stone Saint was struck in awe.

Sword principles were something enigmatic.

Typically, merits in sword principles were achievable by experts in Divine Demons Realm. A Chaotic Realm must be a genius to achieve the same level.

It was a rare case for Divine Demons to achieve the profound realm. Many Peak Divine Demon Realms struggle to reach that level, let alone a First-Class Divine Demon.

As for the Complete Sword Principle Realm, only the most outstanding Peak Divine Demons could achieve that level. Under normal circumstances, even Ultimate Gods who were good with sword techniques could hardly achieve that level.

Further beyond the Complete Sword Principle Realm was the Real Sword Principle Realm which was only achievable by extremely strong and powerful Ultimate Gods.

Crimson Stone Saint saw a real monster.

An incredible sword principle monster.

A Chaotic Realm that achieved the Complete Sword Principle Realm!

“This kid, I thought that he could at least overcome the 60th floor and there was even hope for him to pass the 70th floor, but now that he has achieved the Complete Sword Principle Realm, the 70th floor will be easy peasy. He should be able to pass through the 75th floor. It’ll depend on his luck if he’s able to break through all 81 floors...” murmured Crimson Stone Saint.

The eighth trial bridge’s tests were designed by the Purple Blood Saint himself and were the most difficult tests in Saint’s Tomb.

Even though Jian Wushuang was at Complete Sword Principle Realm, Crimson Stone Saint still did not think that Jian Wushuang could pass those arduous tests.

Jian Wushuang did not waste any more time and faced his 51st opponent.

“I just made a breakthrough. It’s good to have all of you to sharpen my skills.”

Jian Wushuang grinned as he simply took out his sword.

It was not a fancy move, but it was far more precise than before.

His opponent on the 51st floor could not handle Jian Wushuang’s move at all and was instantly defeated.

Jian Wushuang then continued entering the 52nd floor...

Jian Wushuang defeated each and every one of his opponents without a bead of sweat. It took only half a day for him to move from the 51st floor to the 70th floor!