Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2415: Trial Passed

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Jian Wushuang’s speed significantly slowed down upon reaching the 70th floor.

Such was quite the norm, as the 81 levels of tests in the trial bridge grew harder as it went along.

“It’s already the 70th floor, but this kid still has no intention of showing his sword skills.”

Crimson Stone Saint had been watching Jian Wushuang and not really paying attention to the other genius disciples in Saint’s Tomb.

He could clearly tell that while fighting in the test space against his 70th opponent, Jian Wushuang was just attacking arbitrarily. Even though his moves were all incredibly sophisticated, he never once showed real sword forms or masterstrokes.

Even so, the 70th opponent was completely suppressed by him.

“Still holding back?”

Crimson Stone Saint frowned. “However, even if he is holding back his abilities and not wanting to showcase his sword skills or masterstrokes, he could’ve easily defeated the 70th opponent with his understanding of the sword. Having said that, he has been...staying rather long on the 70th floor.”

Yes, it was taking a bit too long.

It had been a full hour since Jian Wushuang fought against his 70th-floor opponent but had not defeated him yet.

“This kid... No!!” Crimson Stone Saint’s pupils shrunk suddenly. “I get it! This kid probably doesn’t see the 81 floors as trials. On the contrary, he sees it as his perfect testing ground, using his opponents as practice for his sword skills and improving his understanding of sword principles!”

It had been such since the very beginning, hence he had been holding back his abilities and fought his opponents with the most simple basic sword skills. Furthermore, he really gained many improvements after practicing in this way. His understanding of sword principles had a direct breakthrough when he passed the 50th floor, achieving Complete Sword Principle Realm!”

At the moment, even though he has achieved Complete Sword Principle Realm, he is still practicing his sword skills with those opponents to upgrade himself.”

He is still improving!”

Crimson Stone Saint’s face was completely stunned. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Still...improving?

Indeed, Jian Wushuang had been constantly improving from the moment he stepped into the test space of the eighth trial bridge and started fighting his first opponent.

Even at that very moment, his improvement speed was still rather fast even though he had reached the Complete Sword Principle Realm.

Crimson Stone Saint could clearly see that the sword skills which Jian Wushuang displayed at the 70th floor were even more sophisticated than right after he had broken through into the Complete Sword Principle Realm at the 51st floor. Obviously, his understanding of the sword principles had improved again in such a short time.

“He just had a major breakthrough in sword principles, how does he continue to improve at such a terrifying speed?” murmured Crimson Stone Saint.

He was speechless when it came to evaluating such a sword principles genius.

In his opinion, Jian Wushuang’s talents in sword skills were truly extremely horrifying.

After all, he was an Undying Saint who had been to many realms during his mortal life and seen many extremely unusual occurrences. However, judging solely based on the sword talent, there was really no one comparable to Jian Wushuang among all the genius experts that he had come across.

At the very least, he had never seen another genius swordsman who could directly leap into the Complete Sword Principle Realm while only at the Chaotic Realm.

He had not come across anyone who could still unscrupulously improve after having a major breakthrough in sword principles.

“His improvement in sword principles—using the test space and opponents as practice—was really too fast. At this rate, the current challenge would be...” Crimson Stone Saint’s heart froze, but right away felt incredibly looking forward to it.

Another half-day flew by.

Within that half-day, Jian Wushuang had only advanced from the 70th floor to the 75th floor.

The progress may be very slow, but his improvements were big.

Jian Wushuang could not hold back any longer when reaching the 75th floor.

He had to use his sword principles.

Space-time Sword Principle, Transmigration Sword Principle, and Xuanluo Sword Principle were all in full display.

Xuanluo Sword Principle was an incredibly perfect and flawless all-rounder sword principle.

However, both Space-time and Transmigration Sword Principles were his own creation. They were both masterstrokes. It was a mesmerizing sight as he used them.

“Such an amazing young man, I had still underestimated him. I knew that he had an extremely high understanding of sword principles, but I didn’t expect him to possess such terrifying comprehension capabilities as well. Those sword principles that he had created and performed were incomparably sophisticated. One is a perfect fusion with the Space-time Law, while the other was a flawless combination with the Transmigration Law.”

Most importantly, his insights on both Space-time and Transmigration Laws are also immensely profound.”

As expected, his Space-time Law was incredibly close to forming a hologram while being also quite well-versed in his Transmigration Law as well.”

Was he only in the Chaotic Realm?”

Crimson Stone Saint was actually incredibly experienced.

He was merely shocked by Jian Wushuang’s talents in sword skills before this.

However, Jian Wushuang’s law insights had also been exposed as soon as he displayed his sword principles. Perhaps nobody could reach his level either.

Though, it would be more difficult for him to improve as steadily as before the moment Jian Wushuang revealed his sword principles.

After all, he would not be able to hold back anymore once he showed his masterstrokes. The opponent could not ward off his attacks and be immediately defeated.

Jian Wushuang eased through the 75th and 76th floors.

Although the next three floors presented some challenges to him, Jian Wushuang still passed through them.

It was not until the 80th floor that he finally encountered an opponent who imposed an immense pressure on him.

However, the larger the pressure, the happier Jian Wushuang became. He was entangled in a fierce fight with his 80th floor’s opponent. He gave his all and fought for almost an hour.

An hour later, he passed the 80th floor.

Within that one hour, his sword skills had also improved by a lot.

That improvement also brought him opportunities to pass both the 80th and final floor.

Jian Wushuang unleashed his full potential on the final floor. He slowly gained the upper hand during the fight by utilizing his consistent improvement and finally narrowly defeated his opponent.

At that, Jian Wushuang had broken through all 81 floors of tests on the eighth trial bridge!

On the trial bridge, Jian Wushuang’s senses exited the tests and opened his eyes.

“I passed? That was pretty difficult,” mumbled Jian Wushuang to himself.

Previously, as a Perfect Chaotic Creature with a terrifying comprehension ability, he thought that it should not be difficult to pass the sword skills test on the trial bridge.

However, the fact remains that he almost did not pass through all the tests.

The sword tests’ difficulties were beyond his expectations.

However, he did not know at that moment, Crimson Stone Saint who was constantly hiding in the dark was even more stunned.

“Did I really pass?”