Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2418: Purple Blood Sword Principle

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Sword World was only the first level of the Real Sword Principle Realm.

The second level was Infinity Sword Tree!

According to Purple Blood Saint’s dictation, sword principles would reproduce by itself as soon as the development of Sword World started, nurturing the first living being in the Sword World. The Infinity Sword Tree.

The sword tree would be at the center of the Sword World which was the core of sword principles.

From birth, the sword tree would grow larger and stronger following the sword principles’ improvement and would eventually have every corner of the Sword World under its shades.

“Life Nurturing?” Jian Wushuang was stunned.

After that, he read about the third level of the Real Sword Principle Realm.

The realm’s third level was the Formation of All Things in the Sword World.

That which happened after the Sword World had an independent and sturdy Infinity Sword Tree. The sword principles would then continue evolving into all objects in the Sword World.

Upon reaching that point, the sword essences could form mountains, oceans, and countless other things. The possibilities were limitless!

After browsing through the three levels of the Real Sword Principle Realm, Jian Wushuang felt a slight shock.

“Initially develop the Sword World followed by nurturing the first Infinity Sword Tree in the Sword World and finally forming everything in the world. A process such as this seems similar to the normal progress of Earth!” Jian Wushuang mumbled to himself.

The world’s evolution also started off with a prototype, then slowly nurturing its first lifeform and gradually forming the rest of the matter on Earth.

Sword principles were essentially the evolution of a world.

“If I’m right, after the Forming of All Things there were still more to look forward to. After all, the real world doesn’t stop at just forming all things.”

Jian Wushuang knew very clearly that sword principles were infinitely profound.

Although Purple Blood Saint’s understanding of sword principles was extremely high, he was only an Undying Saint after all, who was not able to completely see through it.

Therefore, the three levels that he stated were only a part of sword principles.

However, it was already incredibly profound and mysterious for Jian Wushuang even if it was only a part.

After all, he was still a distance away from reaching the first level of sword principles, which was to develop the Sword World.

“Although Purple Blood Saint’s insights of sword principles were very profound, the fact remains that he was only at the second Infinity Sword Tree level himself,” Jian Wushuang exclaimed.

Purple Blood Saint’s own level of Real Sword Principle Realm was also mentioned in his insights.

Indeed, he was only at the second Infinity Sword Tree level. Even within Infinity Sword Tree, he had only reached the Profound Achievement and had yet to enter Completion.

Even so, he was still a terrifying Sword Cultivator among the Undying Saints.

According to Purple Blood Saint, there were merely a few Undying Saints who could achieve the third Formation of All Things level. If any Undying Saints reached that stage, he would be dominating above all Undying Saints.

Jian Wushuang continued browsing.

In the Sword Principles Insights, other than the explanation of sword principle realms, the most important information was Purple Blood Saint’s understanding towards every single sword principle realm which included a lot of attention-calling details. For example, the way to resolve cultivation bottlenecks and other difficulties.

It was a sword principles guidebook.

It would help Jian Wushuang avoid straying away from the right path.

Jian Wushuang spent half a day reading through the insights before finally putting it away.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

He gave a light exhale and raised his head with joyfulness shining in his eyes. “That truly was the sword cultivation of a Saint Realm. Even though he did not leave behind much insight on the third Formation of All Things level, nevertheless he went into extreme details on Sword World and Infinity Sword Tree development. With these insights at hand, it would help me steer clear from a lot of issues when I enter the third sword principles level. Especially regarding the Sword World.”

Previously, even if I knew that developing Sword World was the first sword principles level, I wouldn’t even know how to begin but I do now.”

Jian Wushuang smiled, the Sword Principle Insights was indeed immensely helpful to him.

After carefully reading through it once, Jian Wushuang temporarily kept it in his Interspatial Ring before taking out another jade slip.

That jade slip was certainly the one that had the Purple Blood Sword Principle dictated in it.

“Purple Blood Sword Principle is the most powerful sword principle Purple Blood Saint created. It’s also one of his possessions which allowed him to travel within the Ancient God Domain. I really want to check out this sword principle and see what is so special about it.” Jian Wushuang was similarly looking forward to it, hence he started investigating in detail.

Purple Blood Saint had a very extreme understanding of sword cultivation

His Purple Blood Sword Principle was also an incredibly extreme set of sword principles.

That sword principle only emphasized on one aspect, which was speed!

Absolute speed!

Purple Blood Sword Principle had a total of 21 sword forms which were all very lively forms. Rapid and yet unpredictable.

What really shocked Jian Wushuang was that none of those forms involved highly offensive moves such as furious chops or straight cuts.

“It’s a sword principle that purely brings speed to an extreme level. This Purple Blood Saint…” Jian Wushuang was in awe.

After that, he began to study the many sword forms in Purple Blood Sword Principle.

21 sword forms. The first form, Falling Snow!

The second form, Demon Shadow!

The third form, Purple Light Phantom!

The fourth form, Blood Demon!

…

Every sword form had a strong emphasis on speed.

Coincidentally, Jian Wushuang had already achieved full comprehension of Space-time Laws making him extremely good at speed. At that point, Purple Blood Sword Principle worked as a very good reference for him.

Through studying it and in addition to his immense sword principles understanding improvement, he could now absolutely invent his second form of the Time-space Sword Principle.

Jian Wushuang crossed-legged and sat there, completely sinking in his studying of the Purple Blood Sword Principle.

Time quickly flew by.

While Jian Wushuang was deep into his studies of the Purple Blood Sword Principle, the genius disciples from various sects who were still in the outer area of Saint’s Tomb gradually arrived at the inner area. They reached the trial abysses, where those nine opportunities were at. However, upon arrival, they immediately noticed one of the missing trial bridges.

“What happened? Didn’t Saint’s Tomb have nine opportunities? Since it’s so, there should have been nine trial bridges. Why are there only eight of them?”

“There were surely nine opportunities. Clearly, the reason one of them is missing was that someone had passed through it.”

“It was barely more than ten days after Saint’s Tomb was opened, genius disciples from different sects should have only arrived at the inner area not long ago. Who was so fast to pass through a trial?”

“Go check which trial bridge is missing.”

The genius disciples from different sects started investigating.

They soon realized that the missing trial bridge was the eighth trial bridge, which was the bridge where Purple Blood Saint left his sword principle insights and Purple Blood Sword Principle behind.