Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 245: Breakthrough to the Yang Void Realm!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Having waited quietly in the store for five days, the Infinite Pure Yang Elixirs finally landed in Jian Wushuang’s hands.

“Sir Wushuang, the young master said that he will be present at the gathering next month and give you a helping hand,” Dan Jiu said.

“Please convey my gratitude to him,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile before leaving.

In a secret chamber, Jian Wushuang sat cross-legged. In his hand were the two Purple Gold elixirs, about the size of a baby’s thumb.

The Infinite Pure Yang Elixir contained boundless pure yang energy, which helped accelerate a warriors breakthrough from a Yin Void Champion to the Yang Void Realm. Its efficiency was immeasurable and if he was lucky, one elixir would be enough.

“There are as many experts in Blood Feather Tower as there are clouds in the sky. As for Qi Luosheng, the Master of Blood Feather Tower, he is a supreme expert who has reached Divine Transcendence. There is no doubt that to fight against him is to seek death. Therefore, I have to greatly improve my strength within a month.”?Jian Wushuang’s eyes glinted with a sharp light.

There were many ways to improve his strength.

However, it was impossible for him to expand his comprehension of the Origin in such a short period. He could only count on improving his cultivation level, which was at the level of Yin Void Champion. One step further, and he would reach the Yang Void Realm. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Now, he had two Infinite Pure Yang Elixirs.

After taking a deep breath and calming down, Jian Wushuang swallowed both of the Infinite Pure Yang Elixirs in one gulp.

They immediately turned into a mighty pure yang power and began circulating through his body. As the elixirs worked, more and more pure yang power gathered.

Rumble~

It was as if a torrent of flood water was flowing throughout all of the meridians in his body. In an instant, Jian Wushuang felt like his bones were going to crack.

Jian Wushuang closed his eyes and sweat stood out on his forehead. Pure yang power, as pure as it could be, flowed through his body. The pain caused by it was almost as bad as when he had used the Soul-Devouring Secret Skill.

“It’s begun!”

Jian Wushuang was stone-faced. As the efficacy of the two Infinite Pure Yang Elixirs increased to the utmost, the pure yang energy reached its limit and formed a mighty torrent that lashed out against the barrier in his body.

Bang!

The first wave caused a muffled sound within his body. His face turned pale, but the barrier remained intact.

Then a second wave of pure yang energy followed.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Five impacts heavily struck the barrier in quick succession, causing it to vibrate slightly. However, it did not break. On the other hand, Jian Wushuang’s face was quite pale, and blood flowed out of his mouth.

After those five impacts, only less than 1/3 of the power of pure yang in his body was left.

Taking another deep breath, Jian Wushuang clenched his fists. Then, in the next moment, he launched a final attack with all the remaining pure yang energy.

The surging current lashed against the barrier once more.

“It will break!”?Jian Wushuang’s face was twisted.

Boom!

The surging current crashed against the barrier. There was a terrible and explosive impact as the barrier shook fiercely, and then...click... a slight sound arose, causing a feeling of ecstasy within Jian Wushuang.

A minute crack appeared, and this crack became like the ant nest that caused the destruction of a mighty dam.

Rumble~~~ the barrier finally collapsed, and then a vast spiritual power began flowing through his body.

All of the meridians and bones in his body started to change, becoming thicker and more durable. Similarly, his spiritual power also began to transform.

In such a short moment, he had completed the transformation.

“I reached the Yang Void Realm!”

Jian Wushuang opened his eyes in exultation.

He knew how lucky he was to reach the Yang Void Realm this time.

After all, he had improved so much in one go, previously, in the Ancestor’s Land. Although he had reached the ultimate limit at the Peak of the Yin Void Realm, he had not accumulated enough power. So, he assumed he would be stuck at that level for a long time.

The odds of making a breakthrough were low, even with the help of the Infinite Pure Yang Elixirs. However, he had made it.

So lucky!

30 percent was due to the help of the treasure, 20 percent from his persistence, and the remaining 50 percent was pure luck.

“Compared with Yin Void, the Yang Void Realm is much stronger.”?Jian Wushuang clenched his hands, feeling the explosive power running through his palms.

Once he reached the Yang Void Realm, his strength grew rapidly and his spiritual power improved substantially.

Now, he could match up against an Exceptional Yang Void Realm warrior with only his explosive power. Maybe he was a little weaker, but not by too much.

“To reach the Yang Void Realm before the gathering is lucky, but it’s not enough.”

Jian Wushuang soon came down from his great joy.

He knew he could not truly fight against a supreme expert who reached Divine Transcendence if his cultivation only reached the Yang Void Realm. He still had to make more preparations.

With this done, he could begin looking for a way to making his secret weapon even stronger.

His biggest trump card was the Soul-Devouring Secret Skill.

Before, in the Easternmost Hunt, he discovered that the first volume of the Soul-Devouring Secret Skill had done little to improve his strength. Therefore, he needed to comprehend the second volume as soon as possible.

The Soul-Devouring Secret Skill was extremely powerful and would create a large disturbance, so he chose an isolated patch of woods in order to begin delving into the second volume of the Soul-Devouring Secret Skill.

Half a month later.

In the isolated woods, a terrible engulfing force swept out. It came from Jian Wushuang, who sat cross-legged on a stone.

The vast natural power of all living things quickly gathered into his body.

After a good while, everything quieted down.

Jian Wushuang, sitting cross-legged on the stone, opened his eyes slowly with a smile.

“At long last, I have completely comprehended the second volume of Soul-Devouring Secret Skill in this half month.”

The second volume was more powerful than the first, so it naturally placed a heavier burden on his body. Fortunately, Jian Wushuang’s current power had increased by a wide margin and he could sustain this burden for a period of time.?However, his body would still break down if he used it for too long.

“There are still a few days before the 18th of the twelfth lunar month. During these last few days, I must try to improve the grade of the Triple-kill Sword.”?While he was thinking about that, the Triple-kill Sword appeared in his hands and lept about with a whistling sound.