Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2452: Stamina

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Jian Wushuang’s abilities had another huge upgrade again?!” Huan Chen was shocked.

“Hmph, so what? He still has to die!” Huo Yang’s eyes were icy-cold.

The remaining First-Class Divine Demons around them did not soften their killing intent at all.

Suddenly... Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

A barrage of attacks was unleashed toward Jian Wushuang from every direction.

Each of those extremely overpowering attacks was issued by First-Class Divine Demons and there were about 50 of them. Even though there was no formation involved, the energy of those attacks could still be described as horrifying despite not being completely focused.

At least none of them was able to assert their survival after facing such a counterattack. The only thing they could do was taking out and breaking their Safety Token to escape.

As for Jian Wushuang, he indeed had a Safety Token in his grasp.

However, he would not break the Safety Token. As a matter of fact, not only would he not do so but he also could not!

He had bred enmity with too many sects during his trip into Saint’s Tomb and had caused an uproar. In such circumstances, the world outside may not be safer than the interiors of Saint’s Tomb itself.

After all, Jian Wushuang had no idea if Narcissus Island could completely defend him. Even if they wanted to, could they do so?

On the other hand, Jian Wushuang never liked to rely on others, hence he could only rely on himself.

At this time, his only chance was to stay in Saint’s Tomb, obtain the opportunities he was supposed to get and use it to upgrade his abilities. Only by doing so could he perhaps be qualified to face those various sects.

Hence, he would absolutely never use the Safety Token.

Piercing noises sliced through the air and swept towards him, Jian Wushuang could feel the terrifying energies that came from each attack around him. His eyes were filled with a sense of craze.

“That’s right, bring it on!”

With a big shout, the divine hologram behind Jian Wushuang was also letting out an earth-shattering roar.

Infinite sword essences shot upwards as Jian Wushuang’s divine power ruthlessly swept outwards.

In the center of the battlefield, Jian Wushuang had completely unleashed his powers.

He issued continuous attacks with his sword—slicing, sweeping, or turning it into a wide-casting sword net—sweeping across the battlefield.

With the help of Space-time Law, his figure burst into a terrifying speed, flashed non-stop, and left behind multiple space-time holograms at different parts of the void.

Facing the attacks from multiple directions, Jian Wushuang would avoid it if he could and block with his sword if he could not. Otherwise, he would resist it with his own body.

Like a possessed person, he rushed towards any random direction at will in the center of the battlefield.

After a wave of attacks, Jian Wushuang was still standing upright. Moreover, his figure had penetrated the crowd.

“Kill!”

Jian Wushuang raised his sword as he shouted with his cold voice. The heaven-shaking sword shadow swept out in a dream-like manner.

“Let’s resist together.”

There were a total of ten First-Class Divine Demons standing together before Jian Wushuang and resisting his attack.

With a huge bang, each of those ten Divine Demons flew backward at the same time under the impact of his sword-light.

A concentrated attack was launched once again behind Jian Wushuang following a deep rumble.

“Scram!”

Jian Wushuang’s growl was like rolling thunder as his sword swung out with momentum.

A sword shadow infinitely expanded to the point of covering both sky and sun. The attacks launched by those eight First-Class Divine Demons behind Jian Wushuang was completely shattered with his single sword-strike. Their facial expressions radically changed upon seeing the pseudo-Divine Demon Jian Wushuang charging at them. They could do nothing but unhesitatingly retreat.

However, in the midst of retreating... Ring!

A powerful soul power penetrated Jian Wushuang’s awareness, causing the Exquisite Pagoda in his awareness to violently shake before calming down after a short moment.

Jian Wushuang’s body paused slightly and looked over at the void next to him with a frown. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

“It’s blocked. Is this guy’s soul defensive abilities that powerful as well?” Huan Chen’s face showed disbelief.

Soul attacks were his forte and the move he just unleashed was his most powerful one. Unfortunately, it still did close to nothing toward Jian Wushuang.

Whoosh!

Jian Wushuang’s speed had reached the very limits as he recklessly charged toward different spots on the battlefield and crushed everyone present by relying on his sword techniques and his abilities.

He unleashed his abilities to the max.

Even though there were close to 50 very powerful First-Class Divine Demon genius disciples who were besieging Jian Wushuang, they could not find a way to coordinate with each other since all of them came from different sects. What they had done was merely sieging and attacking. As soon as Jian Wushuang endured their first wave of attacks and infiltrated the crowd, it was very difficult for them to concurrently attack Jian Wushuang again.

It was usually a group of around 10 to 20 or more First-Class Divine Demons attacking Jian Wushuang, but he could directly withstand those frontal attacks.

On the contrary, Jian Wushuang’s sword attacks remained just as terrifying and every stroke he released required at least seven or eight First-Class Divine Demon disciples to resist against it.

Individually, none of them would have the guts to fight against Jian Wushuang’s sword.

The battle heated up.

The fight was absolutely insane.

Terrifying rumbles filled the void.

However, the obviously numerical unbalanced great battle actually went on for seven minutes without a clear result.

Jian Wushuang remained in his peak state as he rushed here and there on the battlefield while those geniuses around were giving their all to attack. However, those attacks did not provide any substantial effects.

“This guy...”

Long Zishan, who was heavily injured by Jian Wushuang before, had swallowed an elixir pill and restored quite a bit of his battle strength. He also went back to the battlefield to join the siege.

However, what he had not expected was that even with so many First-Class Divine Demon disciples joining forces in the siege, they were unable to kill Jian Wushuang in a short time.

The abilities that Jian Wushuang unleashed were unfathomably powerful.

It was not only his abilities but also his stamina!

Yes, it was stamina.

Such stamina reminded Long Zishan of someone.

“Senior Brother, Senior Brother Qiancheng!”

When Senior Brother Qiancheng was a First-Class Divine Demon, he was exactly as courageous and fearless when facing a Peak Divine Demon. He dared to accept a frontal attack, even resisting head-on. In the end, Senior Brother Qiancheng cut down the Peak Divine Demon!”

Long Zishan’s body was trembling.

Tu Qiancheng!

He was a legend among the young generation of Wusha Wilderness, as well as the idol of countless Great Compassion Sect disciples and Long Zishan.

Although Long Zishan was also a true genius and placed third in the Twelve Minor Kings, he knew full well of the distance between him and Tu Qiancheng. It was a type of distance that he could never catch up on.

Long Zishan had absolutely no courage to compare himself to him when he stood before Tu Qiancheng.

However, he currently had the same feeling as facing Tu Qiancheng when confronting Jian Wushuang.