Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2468: The Most Perfect Creature

The Divine Power Ocean constantly released a volatile divine power.

Crimson Stone Saint knelt powerlessly in front of the sitting cross-legged Jian Wushuang.

“After my breakthrough to the Divine Demon Realm, has my life rating reached such perfection that even an Undying Saint could not resist it?” Jian Wushuang muttered to himself.

The life rating pressure was something Jian Wushuang just attained.

This kind of exuded pressure had nothing to do with one’s cultivation level or strength but was purely derived from one’s life rating.

Regardless of how strong the opponent was, whether the opponent was an Undying Saint or Ultimate God, one would be oppressed under this pressure if one’s life rating was weaker than Jian Wushuang’s.

Crimson Stone Saint would not be able to resist such pressure even if he met Jian Wushuang at his peak when he was still alive!

“So this is the Perfect Chaotic Creature’s body which Master mentioned.” Jian Wushuang was curious about his own changes and was exploring every possibility which came with it.

Before his breakthrough, Jian Wushuang was talented and powerful in many aspects, but there was still a gap from achieving the body of a true Perfect Chaotic Creature.

Jian Wushuang prioritized checking out his divine body.

His divine body was many times stronger than before. His bones, muscles, vessels, and down to even his body’s minute cells were extremely tough.

As he sat there, he could sense every single cell in his body was perfectly in place and coordinated without any flaws.

If he encountered Yu Aoqing’s deathblow which pierced through his skin barrier defenses again, his skin would be unscathed.

Next up was to examine his divine power!

Jian Wushuang could clearly sense his divine power had increased by leaps and bounds.

Not only had his divine power became purer and mightier, but his divine powers could be manifested to a wider extent.

His divine powers were already incomparably abundant when he was just at the Chaotic Realm and was sufficient to support him in a battle for a prolonged period. Both the Seven Stars Secret Techniques and the Divine God of Punishment required massive divine powers as a basis to be executed. If any ordinary Peak Chaotic Realm were to simultaneously perform these two secret techniques, their divine powers could at most support a few breaths before exhaustion. However, the same could not be said for Jian Wushuang as he could last for quite a long time while demonstrating both techniques together.

He now seemed to have attained limitless divine powers which were truly bottomless like the vast oceans.

Such surging divine powers was sufficient for him to participate in any fights or fierce battles without being exhausted as the divine powers consumed was nothing compared to his recovery speed!

Thereafter, Jian Wushuang examined his soul.

In his sea of knowledge, his corporal soul had developed under the protection of the Exquisite Pagoda as compared to when he was at the Chaotic Realm. The changes were not significant, but Jian Wushuang was aware that his soul development was by far the greatest transformation he went through. The soul was the foundation of a cultivator’s life after all.

Jian Wushuang’s life rating transformation mainly occurred to his soul.

Although Jian Wushuang was at the ordinary level of a Divine Demon, the immensity of his soul powers and the tenacity of his soul was unmatched by any other Divine Demons. He even thought that his soul strength was comparable to an Ultimate God’s!

Divine body, divine powers, soul... He had reached perfection in all aspects.

Right at that instance, Jian Wushuang’s expression changed and a loud bang sounded!

One of his arms was blasted off, but it miraculously and completely healed the very next second.

Jian Wushuang grinned. After that, a rumbling sound... His divine body began to fall apart.

Soon after that, his limbs fused in the blink of an eye and became intact once again.

“So, I have an immortal body once again.” Jian Wushuang smiled faintly.

In his previous life, he had an ability equivalent to an Undying Saint’s immortal body. After becoming a Perfect Chaotic Creature, he had regained that ability again and it seemed to be more powerful than before.

Previously, he repeatedly relied on his divine powers to repair his divine body. As long as his divine powers were sufficient, he could easily recover and self-resurrect again.

Jian Wushuang discovered his new immortal body could rely on his divine powers to recover quickly such that even his soul powers could be restored instantly!

A typical immortal body of an ordinary Undying Saint does not have the ability to restore its soul. Once the cultivator’s soul was wiped out, the immortal body was useless as it had no ability to restore itself.

However, Jian Wushuang was different!

His soul powers had perfectly coordinated with his divine powers. If someone launched a powerful soul attack on him and completely wiped out his powers, he would still be able to restore his soul powers using his own divine powers.

In addition, Jian Wushuang’s divine powers in his current life were much more powerful and purer than his previous.

In his previous life, the Realm Lord personally annihilated every breath of his divine powers which directly killed him. Fortunately, his master turned back time and resurrected him.

The pure divine powers he possessed as a Perfect Chaotic Creature cannot be annihilated by anyone and as his strength continued to increase, his divine powers would become much more immense and powerful. In other words, it was now even more difficult to completely destroy his divine powers, making it an impossibility to kill him.

He was truly invincible!

“Am I invincible?” Jian Wushuang murmured before slowly shaking his head.

“My immortal body is indeed powerful. Perhaps ordinary cultivators like Divine Demons and Undying Saints will not be able to kill me but it might not be the case for someone from a higher realm.”

Even in the future when my powers are stronger and my divine powers much purer and immense, this immortal body may still not be able to protect me from absolute death.”

Jian Wushuang was very clear that nothing was absolute in Heaven and Earth.

His immortal body may be invincible, but he was only the second Perfect Chaotic Creature in Heaven and Earth.

The first Perfect Chaotic Creature was his master who once had similar abilities as him, possessing the same immortal body. Most importantly, his master had reached the peak of Heaven and Earth, conquering the Realm Lord.

Even so, his master had died!

If his master could be destroyed, then he was also unable to entirely avoid this fate. The only advantage was that only a few people possessed such capabilities.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels