Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2583 - Lesson Learned

“Well…there are other methods.”

The purple-robed man in a low voice said, “We live in a natural selection world where only the fittest survives, hence I’ve personally come here to verify your capabilities and qualification to be the Territorial Lord. Although you are only a Peak ultimate God, you can choose to fight me and maybe become the new Northern Darkstar Territorial Lord so long you can convince me of your qualifications during the battle.

“I have to remind you that I’ve always been harsh on people and it’s not easy to receive my approval.”

The purple-robed man moved his body after he finished speaking.

He started emanating a gush of tyrannical power only High-level Earth Ultimate God could, displaying a much stronger divine power breath than when he cast over the Territorial Lord Mansion earlier. The effect was much worse since he focused all his powers on Jian Wushuang alone.

The two Primary-level Earth Ultimate God behind the purple-robed man frowned upon seeing what had happened.

According to usual practice, Jian Wushuang was only required to fight with either of them and so long Jian Wushuang could prove himself to be of similar strength level, he would have passed the test. However, the inspector wanted Jian Wushuang to battle against himself instead.

It was clear the inspector used his authority to do injustice to Jian Wushuang so that Jian Wushuang would have to give up in the face of defeat and obediently handed over three million Primordial Stones.

However, the inspector and those two Primary-level Earth Ultimate Gods who came along merely got the message that Jian Wushuang killed San Shouwang with no idea that San Shouwang was a High-level Earth Ultimate God!

It was because San Shouwang had previously been hiding his strength too well. The Crimson Stone Fort always believed that San Shouwang was only a Primary-level Earth Ultimate God. Although his strength was exposed during the battle against Jian Wushuang, the Official Army did not report that to the Crimson Stone Fort.

The Inspector would definitely not be belittled Jian Wushuang and behaved so condescendingly had he known that San Shouwang was a High-Level Earth Ultimate God.

Jian Wushuang ignored the divine power breath and stood up as expected. He smiled indifferently and said, “In that case…please show me a thing or two, Master Inspector.”

“Are you sure you want me to do it?” The purple-robed man narrowed his eyes with a slight hint of disdainfulness. He believed Jian Yi understood his message and was being imprudent by insisting on fighting him.

“Please show me a thing or two,” said Jian Wushuang again.

“Let’s fight in this mansion then if that’s the case. I’m interested in seeing how capable a Peak Ultimate God like you are!” The purple-robed man did not hide his anger. He gave Jian Wushuang a cold glance, flapped his sleeves, and immediately walked out of the hall.

Jian Wushuang’s mouth curled slightly and went after him.

Not long after, Jian Wushuang and the purple-robed man arrived at the combat field outside the Territorial Lord Mansion and gazed at each other from a distance.

The two Primary-level Earth Ultimate Gods who came with the purple-robed man, Xiao Tiexin, and Commander Cang Heng who arrived after hearing about what was happening stood on the combat field’s edge.

“I don’t have much time to waste on you. Show me what you’ve got.” The purple-robed man stared at Jian Wushuang with his hands behind his back. There was a hint of pride between his eyebrows.

His High-level Earth Ultimate God realm allowed him to act arrogantly when facing a Peak Ultimate God.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

He was never worried about Jian Wushuang’s strength and capabilities at all.

So what if Jian Wushuang killed San Shouwang?

He was merely a Peak Ultimate God which did not deserve the Inspector’s slightest attention after all.

The purple-robed man had made up his mind. He wanted to teach Jian Wushuang a lesson, ravage Jian Wushuang and force Jian Wushuang to hand over three million Primordial Stones. Even if Jian Wushuang could not afford to pay three million Primordial Stones, he would try his best to extort as much as possible out of Jian Wushuang. There was no way he would leave Northern Darkstar Territory with empty hands.

“Master Inspector, I will do my best as you wish. You have to be careful though.” Jian Wushuang gave a weird smile.

“Hurry up and don’t dilly dally.” The purple-robed man still had his hands behind his back and did not even withdraw his divine weapon.

Jian Wushuang did not hesitate. He held the Blood Mountain Sword as the Stellar Strength in his body surged. The Peak Ultimate God’s divine power breath in his body instantly rose at an astonishing speed.

His power breath had skyrocketed to the rank of a Primary-level Earth Ultimate God within a short period.

At the same time, the majestic golden divine power began to build up behind him and a Golden God Shadow which rose to the height of 1,800 feet soon appeared on his body. The Golden God Shadow was exuding a terrifying power that seemed to look down on everything.

Seven Stars Secret Technique and Divine God of Punishment were both displayed.

Jian Wushuang had completely displayed his full strength.

The purple-robed man narrowed his eyes upon perceiving the soaring divine power breath within Jian Wushuang and the huge Golden God Shadow behind him. “A Peak Ultimate God who’s capable of killing a Primary-level Earth Ultimate God is truly capable after all.”

The purple-robe man was starting to take Jian Wushuang a little more seriously. Just a little.

Jian Wushuang chuckled and immediately took action.

Hum!

About a hundred apparitions instantly formed!

Even the purple-robe man was a little surprised from the appearance of so many apparitions at the same time and moved frantically at an alarming speed.

Jian Wushuang had already appeared in front of him with the Blood Mountain Sword in his hand thrusting forward before the purple-robed man could even react.

The thrusting motion seems casual but took Space-time along with it.

The purple-robed man noticed his extraordinary move and stopped acting all full of himself before taking out a soft sword in an attempt to resist the attack.

However, his action was fruitless…

Boom!

An infinite sword intent struck the heavens.

A perfect hundred thousand miles Sword World was displayed.

The Sword World was like a huge stone mill that could crush anything easily with its power that was only focused on the purple-robed man.

“What?” The purple-robed man was deeply startled.

Under such a strong Sword World’s oppression, the purple-robed man trembled to the point that his Sword World had crumbled and was no longer able to be displayed anymore. His sword skills and overall strength were instantly reduced to an extremely low level.

Even his sword-wielding speed was greatly reduced.

Clang! Clang!

Their swords had merely collided twice but the purple-robe man was already retreating miserably.

Jian Wushuang’s eyes flashed, so did the Blood Mountain Sword in his hand.

The world seemed to have fallen into a deep silence as though he was all alone.

The sword in his hand thrust forward.

That move dragged the surrounding space and time along.

The entire world seemed to have been dragged along with his sword.

An icy sword-light loomed between Heaven and Earth with its casual movements which soon became the focus point between Heaven and Earth.

It was the Space-time Sword Technique—Fourth Form, Break Your Heart!