Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2601: The Auction Begins

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Unexpectedly, even the Young Palace Master of the Nanwu Palace is participating in the auction. It seems the treasures to be auctioned this time must be extraordinary, especially the last few grand finale treasures. I’m getting more and more curious,” commented a sloppy old man while holding a cooked beast leg in his hand as he talked while eating with his greasy mouth.

Although the sloppy old man was behaving rather ill-mannered, no one around dared to tell him off.

The reason was that sloppy old man exuded a powerful High-level Heaven Ultimate God aura. His realm was quite close to Peak Heaven Ultimate God.

Even the Young Palace Master of Nanwu Palace would not simply trifle with such a powerful person like him.

Another Heaven Ultimate God asked, “Young Palace Master, I wonder what treasures in the auction attract you to come here in person?”

The experts around were also curious.

Although the auction’s scale was not small, it was not a top-tier auction when looking at the entire Danyang Holy Domain. Usually, an auction of such scales would be unable to attract the attention of Nanwu Palace. However, it was very surprising that not only did the Nanwu Palace participate but had sent the Young Palace Master to attend.

The Nanwu Palace Young Palace Master smiled evilly upon noticing the gazes on him and said, “Everyone, don’t get me wrong as I’m only here because I happen to be nearby. The Star Picking Pavilion did notify Nanwu Palace about this auction and I was going to send a few Heaven Ultimate Gods here, but I end up coming here myself since I’m in the vicinity.

“As for what treasures will be auctioned... You ought to know Star Picking Pavilion’s rules. How will I know what’s to be auctioned?”

Everyone around him nodded after hearing what he said.

Indeed, they were aware of the Star Picking Pavillion’s rules where they would at most notify every great sect if there were precious treasures to be auctioned in the Danyang Holy Realm despite never revealing said treasures. It was to add a little suspense to the auction event.

If the treasures were something highly sought after by every great sect in Danyang Holy Domain at any costs, the Star Picking Pavilion would of course have released some news in advance. Such was their deliberate act to build momentum and allow those great sects to prepare in advance so that the Star Picking Pavilion can make a fortune out of the auction.

For that particular auction, the Star Picking Pavilion merely notified all the great sects without letting any information slip. It meant the treasures were enough to attract interest from those sects but not enough to make them fight over it.

“Young Palace Master, I hear the Divine Demon Sect, Life and Death Tower, and Dongfang Clan are also attending this auction but they aren’t here at the banquet. The strange matter is that no one from the Crimson Stone Fort seems to be here,” said a Heaven Ultimate God.

The Divine Demon Sect, Life and Death Tower, and Dongfang Clan were some top-tier sects in the Danyang Holy Domain on par with Nanwu Palace.

However, Crimson Stone Fort was the one in charge of the Danyang Holy Domain.

“The Star Picking Pavilion would’ve naturally also notified the other forces and sects since they had notified Nanwu Palace. It’s normal for them to send experts here today. As for Crimson Stone Fort, huh... They are troubled with internal conflict and won’t have time to participate in this auction.” The Nanwu Palace Young Palace Master sneered and derided contemptuously without showing any respect for the Crimson Stone Fort.

The current Crimson Stone Fort was no longer the same as when the Crimson Stone Saint was still alive.

The Nanwu Palace’s Young Palace Master was casually chatting with a few Heaven Ultimate Gods quite loudly and had no intentions to conceal their conversation. Although Jian Wushuang was sitting in a corner, he could hear them.

“Nanwu Palace, Divine Demon Sect, Life and Death Tower, and Dongfang Clan. These Danyang Holy Domain’s top-tier sects sent their experts?

“Even though they are here, they have no idea what treasures will be auctioned. Although The Stately Painting is a mysterious treasure, no one was able to refine nor open it which has greatly reduced its price. The Star Picking Pavilion also does not know what The Stately Painting is, therefore I think the treasure these top-tier sects are after isn’t The Stately Painting but another treasure!

“No matter what treasures they are fighting for, it has nothing to do with me. I hope that these people will not compete with me as I’m determined to win The Stately Painting. Otherwise...” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were glaring coldly.

He was not worried if those Heaven Ultimate Gods would compete with him based on fair financial resources competition to win the auction. However, Jian Wushuang was not confident if his financial resources could compete against those top-tier sects if their target was The Stately Painting.

If he was unable to compete fairly, he would have to rely on other means.

The banquet lasted for two full hours before everyone left.

The night became quiet after that.

Early in the next morning, the sky was bright with the large Star Picking Pavilion already quite lively.

The auction was set to begin soon.

At the auction site, there was a huge display stage under the covers of a powerful restrictive shield. The restrictive shield was set up by Star Picking Pavilion at a hefty expense such that it would not be shaken the slightest bit even if a Heaven Ultimate God were to attack it.

There were also many Star Picking Pavilion experts guarding around the restrictive shield to ensure the treasures displayed on the display stage were safe.

The area 100-feet away from the display stage was densely packed by large numbers of people with no less than a hundred thousand people could be seen at a glance!

The crowd of more than a hundred thousand people was not to be underestimated as the Star Picking Pavilion had deliberately raised the bar of attendees invited. Those who were eligible to participate in the auction were either experts above the Ultimate God realm or cultivators from a wealthy background who owned at least more than a hundred thousand Primordial Stones.

As such, only around a hundred thousand cultivators were allowed entry into the auction site. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The auction site consists of three floors. The first floor was the common floor where around ten thousand cultivators gathered. The second floor had over a hundred rooms protected by a restrictive shield to prevent soul power from peeking into the rooms.

Those who were able to get a room on the second floor must be at the Earth Ultimate God realm which includes Territorial Lords of the various stellar regions, experts from some powerful sects, and even some independent experts. Jian Wushuang was staying in one of those rooms and could see the display stage below clearly through the window. However, none would be able to spot him.

The last third level was even more impressive as only Heaven Ultimate Gods or experts from the impressive background were allowed there. Those Heaven Ultimate Gods who appeared at the banquet the night before were only a small portion who attended the auction with their numbers totaling in the dozens.