Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2655: Seven Major Factions

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The Danyang Continent was located at the center of the Danyang Holy Domain and also the place where many top forces in the Danyang Holy Domain gathered.

In other Danyang Holy Domain’s Stellar Regions, ordinary Ultimate Gods were considered experts, and a considerably powerful Earth Ultimate Gods could easily become the Territorial Lord or a despot.

However, matters were not the same on the Danyang Continent as an Earth Ultimate God was nothing. Even a Heaven Ultimate God was only considered ordinary within the Danyang Continent with only Grand Ultimate Gods hailed as experts!

There were plenty of Grand Ultimate Gods in the Danyang Continent with top forces having a few of them.

Jian Wushuang disguised himself and sat in a tavern while examining a piece of newly acquired information at hand.

The intelligence report contained detailed information about Danyang Continent’s various forces including those top main forces.

The Danyang Continent or rather the entire Danyang Holy Domain had a total of five top forces.

First was the renowned Crimson Stone Fort.

Although the Crimson Stone Fort was not what it used to be after Crimson Stone Saint’s death with its overall strength greatly weakened, they were still the official governor of Danyang Holy Domain. The body of a starved camel was still bigger than a horse—no one dared to underestimate Crimson Stone Fort’s true powers.

The other top forces were Nanwu Palace, Divine Demon Sect, Life and Death Tower, and Dongfang Clan.

Those four top forces were similar in terms of strength with each having nearly ten Grand Ultimate Gods and many Heaven Ultimate Gods under their command. They were deeply rooted with strong and powerful backgrounds.

The Nanwu Palace was probably ranked first among those four forces.

The Nanwu Palace Master was considered by many to be the current strongest expert in the Danyang Holy Domain and also the most promising candidate among numerous experts in the Danyang Holy Domain to reach the Undying Saint realm. Therefore, the Nanwu Palace Master was awe-inspiring to many.

Just like in the Narcissus Territory when the various forces fought fiercely over the Huangji Golden Pill, Grand Ultimate Gods were even involved in the battle. Although the top forces dared to kill Nanwu Palace’s Heaven Ultimate Gods, none would dare do anything to the Nanwu Young Palace Master which only showed how much they were weary of Nanwu Palace.

“The top sects were truly extraordinary as any one of them could easily come up with ten Grand Ultimate Gods.” Jian Wushuang was secretly applauding.

Jian Wushuang then carefully looked at the Crimson Stone Fort.

Among those other top forces, he was most concerned about the Crimson Stone Fort.

In the end, he had promised the Crimson Stone Saint to help his daughter Yin Su’er. Moreover, the Interspatial Ring that Scorpion King gave him was still in his hands.

“Goodness, I knew that the Crimson Stone Fort was divided with many factions within, but I didn’t expect there would be so many factions within this Crimson Stone Fort—a total of seven!”

Jian Wushuang glanced at the intelligence report in his hand and was marveled. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

There were indeed seven different factions within the current Crimson Stone Fort.

Those seven powerful factions were led by their leaders fighting for their interests.

Among the seven factions, three were extremely powerful and most sought-after for the resources they controlled. They were the Three Major Factions.

One of those Three Major Factions was controlled by the current Crimson Stone Fort Master, Yin Su’er.

Yin Su’er was indeed the current Fort Master since she was extremely powerful on top of being Crimson Stone Saint’s biological daughter. Yin Su’er showed great talent when the Crimson Stone Saint was still alive and became a Grand Ultimate God at a young age with a great chance of making a breakthrough to the Undying Saint realm.

It was a pity that Crimson Stone Saint died. All kinds of internal and external issues struck at the same time after she took over the management as the new Fort Master. Facing those tremendous pressures only further solidified her breakthrough bottleneck as she had stopped advancing for a while with her cultivation journey stagnant in place. Although she later still made a breakthrough and reached the Peak Grand Ultimate God with only one step away from the Undying Saint Realm, she was already stagnant for a long time.

The possibility of her making a breakthrough and become an Undying Saint at that moment was extremely low. Many people thought she would never be able to make a future breakthrough.

Most of them thought the probability of Nanwu Palace Master making a breakthrough to the Undying Saint realm was much higher than her.

Although she did not make a breakthrough to the Undying Saint Realm, the power and deterrence effect of a Peak Grand Ultimate God was nevertheless amazing. Moreover, she was also the legitimate Fort Master, hence many experts chose to support her, so the factions she managed were the leader of the top three major factions. In addition to her being the Peak Grand Ultimate God, she also managed six Grand Ultimate Gods of varying strength levels. Even though Yin Su’er had lost one of her assistants when the Scorpion King died, her control over the faction was still extremely powerful.

In addition, Crimson Stone Fort’s Sacred Palace was dedicated to cultivating talented and powerful people completely under the control of Yin Su’er. The Sacred Palace Master was the right-hand man of Yin Su’er who possessed greater strength than Scorpion King.

“She has six Grand Ultimate Gods in her faction including Yin Su’er. It’s noteworthy that she’s a Peak Grand Ultimate God and in control of really amazing matters such as the Sacred Palace,” murmured Jian Wushuang before checking out the other two big factions.

As for the other two big factions, one of them was controlled by Crimson Stone Fort Great Elder Yun Shan while the other by the Crimson Stone Army Commander, the Blood Thunder King.

Yun Shan was also a Peak Grand Ultimate God who went with the Crimson Stone Saint and set up the Crimson Stone Fort. Both of them were brothers.

During Crimson Stone Fort’s peak, Crimson Stone Saint sat awe-inspiring in control of the Crimson Stone Fort while the Great Elder Yun Shan was the one handling day-to-day operation and gathered a large number of subordinates over time.

After the Crimson Stone Saint’s death, the order for Yin Su’er to inherit the Fort Master position was given. Although Yun Shan was receptive to the arrangement on the surface, he secretly tried and used many methods to stop it. The appearance of Crimson Stone Fort’s many factions started at that time with Yun Shan as their leader.

Yun Shan was a Peak Grand Ultimate God and he had six Grand Ultimate Gods under him. In addition, he controlled most of the cultivation resources in the Crimson Stone Fort such that even Yin Su’er had to get Yun Shan’s consent and even beg him when she needed some cultivation resources.

“To put it bluntly, Yun Shan is an old sly fox who exercises control with artifice,” said Jian Wushuang secretly.

He then looked at the last of the top three factions which were led by the Blood Thunder King.

The Blood Thunder King was not powerful when compared to Yin Su’er and Yun Shan at just a High-level Grand Ultimate God, but he managed the strongest faction among the three major factions!