Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2656: Before the Sacred Palace

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Crimson Stone Army!

They were the ones who opened up and expanded the territory across the Nine Realms of Golden Crow for Crimson Stone Saint!

There were a thousand people in the army when Crimson Stone Fort was at its peak with all of those powerful people being the Heaven Ultimate God realm!

Although Crimson Stone Fort had fallen, the most powerful lineup and combat power of the Crimson Stone Fort still gathered under the Crimson Stone Army with the lowest soldier grade in the Crimson Stone Army at Peak Earth Ultimate God. They had a large number of Heaven Ultimate Gods on top of ten Grand Ultimate Gods in the Crimson Stone Army!

All those were completely under the Blood Thunder King’s control which explained the reason Blood Thunder King dared to challenge both Yin Su’er and Yun Shan.

In addition to those Three Major Factions, the other four smaller factions were not weak either with most of them having two or three Grand Ultimate Gods controlling their resources and were influential.

“Among the Seven Major Factions, there are three large factions and four smaller factions who compete against each other for their interests and occasionally cause wars and incessant internal friction. Such is the situation in the current Crimson Stone Fort.” Jian Wushuang secretly concluded admiringly.

The Crimson Stone Fort was indeed in a very chaotic situation.

However, that did not undermine the amazing power possessed by the Crimson Stone Fort.

There were more than 20 Grand Ultimate Gods altogether in the three big factions and after adding up the ones from the four smaller factions, Crimson Stone Fort had 35 Grand Ultimate Gods in total including both Yin Su’er and Yun Shan—the two Peak Grand Ultimate Gods. Their combat power was much stronger than that of Nanwu Palace.

The amount of Grand Ultimate Gods added up from the four top powers—Nanwu Palace, Divine Demon Sect, Life and Death Tower, and Dongfang Clan—were only a few more than that of Crimson Stone Fort. However, the strength within Crimson Stone Fort was divided and scattered with the factions not united which led to the current precarious status of Crimson Stone Fort.

It was conceivable that those top forces had absolutely no fear of Crimson Stone Fort since the Life and Death Tower and Divine Demon Sect even dared to slay the Scorpion King and rob Crimson Stone Fort of their resources.

“If Yin Su’er wants to completely change the situation in Danyang Holy Domain and bring it back to life, she has to find a way to settle the internal friction and integrates all the other six factions in Crimson Stone Fort before concentrating all their strengths to control the four top forces—Nanwu Palace, Divine Demon Sect, Life and Death Tower, and Dongfang Clan. She had to eliminate them one by one to completely wipe out her worries.”

“However, it may not be easy to accomplish all this unless she can make a breakthrough to the Undying Saint realm,” said Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang knew that Yin Su’er would have resolved it long ago if Crimson Stone Fort’s internal conflict was so easy to resolve. She would not have helplessly allowed it to drag on and neither would the Crimson Stone Saint paid a great price to get him to assist Yin Su’er.

‘No matter what, I have to find a way to meet Yin Su’er in person,’ thought Jian Wushuang carefully.

However, Yin Su’er was the Crimson Stone Fort Master and a super expert at Peak Grand Ultimate God realm. It would not be easy to visit her.

Jian Wushuang was merely an Earth Ultimate God to which no one would pay attention had he openly gone to the Crimson Stone Fort and sought a meeting. They might kick him out or even worse—kill him.

If he declared his identity and made himself known as Jian Yi, he could not guarantee the first person to meet him was Yin Su’er. It might be Yun Shan or the Blood Thunder King who found him first among the many factions in Crimson Stone Fort.

“It’s unrealistic for me to meet Yin Su’er directly. However, I can find a way to first meet the expert next to her such as the Sacred Palace Master, and get him to help me send a message to Yin Su’er.” Jian Wushuang smiled indifferently and made a decision.

...

The Sacred Palace was a special place Crimson Sone Fort used to train talented people. It was once a genius concentration camp within the Danyang Holy Domain where countless geniuses and young cultivators in the Danyang Holy Domain desired to gain admittance.

However, the strength of the Crimson Stone Fort had dwindled since the fall of the Crimson Stone Saint. Therefore, the Sacred Palace was no longer as attractive as it used to be for those geniuses and cultivators. There were also similar places within the top forces like Nanwu Palace and Divine Demon Sect who were specialized in cultivating talented people as good as the Sacred Palace.

Even so, the Sacred Palace still attracted quite a fair bit of younger cultivators.

A huge and towering mountain stood tall in the center of Danyang Holy Domain. The 100,000-foot-tall mountain that reached into the clouds was surrounded by a powerful restrictive shield that could withstand the powerful strength of an Undying Saint.

The Sacred Palace was located where the giant mountain was!

Many Sacred Palace disciples lived at the top of that huge mountain all year round with countless attics and palaces with ample training resources.

At the top of the mountain was a huge green stairway that spanned from the mountain top to the foot of the mountain.

This stairway was called the Sacred Heaven Road!

The Sacred Palace was where geniuses gathered and not anyone was able to enter the Sacred Palace for cultivation, hence there were only two ways to join the Sacred Palace.

The first method was to get a recommendation from one of those top experts in the Crimson Stone Fort and pass the Sacred Palace’s test before becoming a disciple of Sacred Palace. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The second method was to climb the Sacred Heaven Road. Any cultivators below the Grand Ultimate God Realm—even a Peak Heaven Ultimate God would try climbing the Sacred Heaven Road. The cultivator had to start from the first step and walked up step-by-step. He would be accepted into the Sacred Palace so long the cultivator was able to reach the top of Sacred Heaven Road within ten years.

If a cultivator failed to reach the top within ten years, they would have to walk down and start from the first step again.

The second method to go through the Sacred Heaven Road was the most difficult between the two methods. However, people who entered the Sacred Palace using this method were usually more talented and powerful.

Many younger cultivators were having great difficulty threading the Sacred Heaven Road.

Most of those cultivators were talented and powerful with the majority having reached the Earth Ultimate God Realm with only very few Ultimate Gods. As for the Heaven Ultimate Gods... There were none!

Cultivators below Grand Ultimate Gods were able to enter the Sacred Palace. However, the Sacred Palace was of very little benefit to Heaven Ultimate Gods because many cultivation resources in the Sacred Palace had very weak effects on Heaven Ultimate Gods. Therefore, cultivators who had reached the Heaven Ultimate God Realm would normally choose not to join the Sacred Palace or any other cultivation places.

“Is that the Sacred Palace?”

Jian Wushuang could see the countless attics and palaces at the mountain top from where he was standing at the huge mountain foot.

He did not try to hide his divine power breath nor did he try to disguise it with the black stone and was clearly showing the aura of a High-level Earth Ultimate God.