Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2662: Second Stage, Space-time Strangulation!

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Jian Wushuang had fully immersed himself in understanding the Space-time Beast.

Forming apparitions was merely the first stage and step of Space-time Law. There was the second stage, third stage, and so on after that...

Jian Wushuang had been using Fengtian Scroll to increase his understanding of laws within the 40-years journey from Northern Darkstar Territory to Danyang Continent. His understanding of Space-time Law and Transmigration Law had tremendously increased at that point.

He could concurrently already form one thousand apparitions when it came to Space-time Law.

In other words, he had achieved the limit of Space-time Law’s first stage. However, he had not taken his step into the second stage.

Jian Wushuang had found a trace of opportunity from the Space-time Beast to cross into the second stage at that moment.

“Those scales...”

Jian Wushuang’s soul power energy was scrutinized on every single scale. Those scales had become one entity within his senses.

There were a thousand scales, yet it felt like there was only one scale.

Those scales which had the first stage of Space-time Law were evolving to its extreme. However, the Space-time Law within the scales continued to evolve and gradually evolved into a gigantic Space-time black hole following Jian Wushuang’s continued studies.

In Jian Wushuang’s eyes, the huge Space-time Beast in front of him had vanished and only to be replaced with a terrifying Space-time Black Hole.

Infinite strangulation energy swept into all directions within the Space-time Black Hole.

“Strangulation, Space-time Strangulation!” Jian Wushuang was shaken in the heart.

Space-time Law’s first stage was the formation of apparition while its second stage was Space-time Strangulation!

One had to learn to control the power of Space-time Strangulation at that stage.

Jian Wushuang had been exploring all those years but had not been able to find anything. However, he could see the complete evolution form of the Space-time Law through the Space-time Beast.

“Is that so?”

“That is how Space-time Law’s first stage evolves to the second stage?”

The Space-time Law that Jian Wushuang had control began to evolve according to the evolution process on the Space-time Beast.

Time passed day after day and very soon Jian Wushuang had stayed in the Space-time Palace for a good half month.

He finally opened his eyes and smiled joyfully while still sitting in lotus style at the plaza.

“Second stage, successful!”

He felt very happy inside.

Previously, he did not look forward much to the cultivation resources the Sacred Palace had to offer.

Those resources were not of much use to cultivators at the Heaven Ultimate God realm and above.

However, who would have thought he was lucky enough to find a Space-time Beast statue there. The Space-time Beast contained the Space-time Law’s evolution and it just so happened to be very helpful for him. After carefully studying it had immensely helped his understanding of Space-time Law.

“Every breakthrough to a new stage in Space-time Law is a huge leap forward which causes fundamental changes in the control of Space-time Law. There are too many people here, so let me go find a quiet place to try it out.”

Jian Wushuang stood up right away and exited the Space-time Palace.

The purple-clad old man still had his eyes closed and was standing like a meditating old monk outside the Space-time Palace. His eyelids twitched as he realized Jian Wushuang had just walked out and gave him a glance without speaking.

Jian Wushuang arrived on an empty field.

“Let’s try.”

Jian Wushuang’s body suddenly moved with a sense of longing in his eyes.

Space-time Law energy burst out in an instant as his figure suddenly glided out.

There were no apparitions as Jian Wushuang moved to the end of the field in a flash and was back to where he was in another.

From beginning to end, his figure did not leave a trace at least to bare eyes in the void such that even the ordinary Heaven Ultimate Gods would not be able to see his figure.

“Fast, too fast!

“Although there were no apparitions, it’s ten times faster than when forming apparitions!

“This speed is a whole other concept altogether.”

Jian Wushuang exclaimed.

Speed had always been his forte. The speed that he previously had could be considered extremely fast among Heaven Ultimate Gods. However, it was not comparable to his newly possessed speed.

Jian Wushuang believed that even ordinary Primary-level Heaven Ultimate Gods would not have time to react if he were to perform attacks with such terrifying speeds. Even if High-level Heaven Ultimate God could respond, their defense would still seem very embarrassing under his high-speed attacks.

Law understanding would become harder and harder from then on.

In the first stage of Space-time Law, one’s understanding would increase following the increase of apparitions alongside one’s speed increment.

However, ordinary Primary-level Heaven Ultimate Gods who studied Space-time Law could only form 300 to 400 apparitions at most.

One had to be a High-level Heaven Ultimate God to be able to form 600 or 700 apparitions.

Forming 1,000 apparitions was the first stage’s limit. Many top High-level Heaven Ultimate Gods or even ordinary Peak Heaven Ultimate Gods could reach that level.

Jian Wushuang was also once at that level.

However, there were not many who could reach the second stage of Space-time Law even among Peak Heaven Ultimate Gods...but Jian Wushuang did.

In other words, his existing understanding of Space-time Law was extremely strong even amongst Peak Heaven Ultimate Gods and so was his speed. Many Peak Heaven Ultimate Gods would not be able to catch up to his speed.

Furthermore, his Space-time energy control had increased a great deal after arriving at that level which did not only show in his speed.

There were many more.

“Space-time, Strangulation!”

Jian Wushuang’s body shook as huge strangulation energy burst out and covered the entire field within it.

The strangulation energy was extremely overpowering and cutting everything in a frenzy. He was certain that cultivators below Heaven Ultimate Gods would have turned into tiny bits in the blink of an eye were they to be in the field. Even the ordinary Primary-level Heaven Ultimate Gods would find it difficult to fend off the strangulation energy. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Most importantly, one could not hide at all under that strangulation energy like many Space-time tactics like the Space-time Apparition and would be crushed in a split second.

At that moment, Jian Wushuang gradually raised his palms as the huge strangulation energy around him gathered in his hands.

In the blink of an eye, a half-meter-length small shapeless wind blade appeared in Jian Wushuang’s hand.

Although the wind blade was not big, its power and strangulation energy contained therein was terrifyingly strong.