Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2665: Space-time Divine Technique

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Outside the golden palace gates was a huge Space-time Storm.

However, on the other end of the golden palace gate was a dark and calm void.

Jian Wushuang stood on the void’s periphery while looking straight ahead with a dazed look.

A figure stood tall in front of him where his eyes were focused.

The figure was three yards tall and wearing a simple but clean white robe. The figure seems vague from where Jian Wushung was so he could not see its appearance very well. All he could perceive was the figure standing in the center of the dark void with his hands behind his back.

The entire dark void was extremely quiet with not the slightest sound nor movement.

Jian Wushuang was staring at the tall figure in a white robe who gave him a weird feeling.

It seemed that the figure was standing in the void right in front of Jian Wushuang, yet felt like it might not even exist after all in space-time. The tall figure in a white robe appeared out of place, but also seemed to have completely integrated with his surrounding space-time.

It was out of place, yet it seemed to perfectly blend in. The two were completely different concepts from each other, but at the same time appeared simultaneously in the tall white-robed figure.

“This person...” Jian Wushuang was confused. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

A dozen figures came into the dark void at an astonishing speed not far from away without warning and instantly broke the calmness.

Even though it was quite far away, the sound of breaking winds produced by those figures moving through the void could be heard from Jian Wushuang’s location.

Jian Wushuang immediately looked in that direction and noticed a total of 13 males and females in the void. Although Jian Wushuang could not sense their divine power breath, his instincts told him that any one of them could give him quite a bit of scare.

He was sure those 13 people were at least Undying Saints or higher.

Among the 13 Undying Saints, one of them was a fair-skinned bald boy who was running away from the remaining 12 people chasing after him frantically at the back.

They were incredibly fast in the chase and flee.

Jian Wushuang thought he was fast enough after achieving the second stage in Space-time Law but was shocked to discover that he was still far behind when compared with any of those 13 people.

At the speed they were going, those 13 people instantly appeared in front of both Jian Wushuang and the tall white-robed figure.

“Is that person going to take action?” Jian Wushuang immediately looked at the tall white-robed figure.

The tall white-robed figure then made a move as expected.

Jian Wushuang thought the tall white-robed figure had unfathomable power and might perhaps display his magnificent power to rescue the bald boy. However, the white-robed figure did not do much at all. Nothing was coming out of his body—not his aura nor divine power breath.

He slowly raised his right hand and pointed at the void where those 12 experts were.

All he did was point a finger. Jian Wushuang did not see explosive divine power from the figure, but the pointing finger had moved the world and space-time.

The 12 experts who were madly chasing after the bald boy stopped in their tracks abruptly without any warning.

They had stopped in their tracks while still keeping their skimming posture such that even their expressions were frozen in place.

Apart from their frozen statues, even their surrounding void had completely become stagnant.

It felt as though space-time had completely stopped.

Space-time had indeed gone completely still.

As space-time in the void completely halted, the 12 experts in the void maintained the same posture along with their thoughts and consciousness also stopped.

The Space-time in other voids was still normal without a change apart from the void surrounding those 12 experts.

The tall white-robed figure slowly stepped forward and approached the bald boy and took him away.

The void’s space-time began to flow again once both of them had completely walked away.

The 12 experts had also resumed their motions but were struck in the daze while staring around blankly.

They did not know what had happened as even their consciousness was halted. They remembered chasing after the bald boy before he suddenly disappeared right under their noses.

As for the actual events—they knew and noticed nothing.

Jian Wushuang saw everything that transpired while standing on the dark void’s edge.

“Did...space-time just went completely still?” Jian Wushuang’s eyes widened in shock.

It was horrifying. The tall white-robed figure had used a horrifying tactic.

Jian Wushuang was frightened.

The Space-time in the vast void stopped with just a finger pointed from a distance. What an incredible power!

Jian Wushuang had the opportunity to witness such supernatural power with his own eyes in the Consciousness Space.

A message suddenly popped into his head just as Jian Wushuang was still in shock.

“Space-time Divine Technique, A Finger Pointing Heavenly Technique!”

Jian Wushuang was both physically and mentally shocked.

He finally obtained the finger technique’s name the tall white-robed figure had just displayed and also understood the reason behind his appearance in the dark void.

It turned out the golden palace gates were not leading to a Space-time Palace, but into a Consciousness Space with unique secret techniques.

The secret technique was called Space-time Divine Technique!

It was not a secret technique to be precise, but a divine technique!

Jian Wushuang did not know what divine technique was, but the finger movement the tall white-robed figure used earlier had astonished him.

In his previous life, he had also seen many top experts in the Ancient God Domain like the head of Three Divine Realms performing their tactics with many of their methods being able to be fully displayed due to world constraints. The ones that they could perform did not impress Jian Wushuang.

If he had to pick the most memorable one, it was his master Xuan Yi’s tactic to resurrect both his and Leng Rushuang’s souls. The Space-time Inversion Technique.

He was sleeping when his master performed the Space-time Inversion Technique, so he technically did not see his master performing it.

In any case, the tactic the tall white-robed figure had just performed was shocking enough.

The tactic called A Finger Pointing Heavenly Technique was part of the Space-time Secret Technique!