Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2681: Sword Alliance

Jian Wushuang smiled in satisfaction when he saw the Purple Beast Alliance experts that spread around had surrendered.

He then walked towards the black fortress located below.

In the black fortress, the Divine Dragon Gang experts rushed out with the graceful red-clothed lady leading them.

The Divine Dragon Gang experts did not hesitate as they spoke loudly together at that moment, “Greetings to the Gang Master.”

“Gang Master?” However, Jian Wushuang smiled with a hidden meaning before pointing at the graceful red-clothed lady. “What’s your name?”

“Gang Master, I’m Dong Xue,” replied the graceful red-clothed lady immediately.

“Dong Xue and Hei Yan, I’m giving both of you ten days. I want to see the Divine Dragon Gang and Purple Beast Alliance integrated after ten days,” said Jian Wushuang coldly.

“Integrated?” Dong Xue and the evil-looking black-clothed woman were stunned before nodding with full obedience.

Both Divine Dragon Gang and Purple Beast Alliance’s highest authorities were willing to surrender under Jian Wushuang’s feet at that moment, hence it was not difficult for both parties to completely integrate.

“In addition, the Divine Dragon Gang and Purple Beast Alliance shall be considered a new clan after the integration. I plan to name this clan ‘Sword Alliance’. Does anyone have any opinions?” Jian Wushuang swept past the different clans’ experts.

It did not matter whether those experts were from the Dragon Divine Gang or the Purple Beast Alliance—all of them lowered their heads under Jian Wushuang’s gaze.

They had completely surrendered to Jian Wushuang so naturally, nobody dared say anything when Jian Wushuang mentioned a change in the clan’s name.

Therefore, the first clan that Jian Wushuang had set up in his Ancient God Domain lifetime—Sword Alliance was born.

...

In the black fortress, Jian Wushuang sat in the private room alone with an Interspatial Ring at hand.

He obtained that Interspatial Ring from the dead Purple Beast Alliance Master.

The previous Purple Beast Alliance Master was a Peak Heaven Ultimate God and the ruler of a third-rated clan in the Danyang Continent. Almost the entire many resources the Purple Beast Alliance owned were on him. In addition, he had also killed the Divine Dragon Gang Master, hence his net worth should be quite high.

Jian Wushuang immediately checked it in detail, but slightly frowned after the check and was disappointed.

This Purple Beast Alliance Master really had a high net worth with many cultivation resources, secret techniques, mystical weapons, and treasures. He also had a lot of Primordial Stones—a lot more than most Peak Heaven Ultimate Gods—to the extent that his net worth would not be a lot different compared to ordinary Primary-level Grand Ultimate Gods. However, the Purple Beast Alliance Master did not have many Divine Elixir Pills despite his high net worth—only 500 pieces!

500 Divine Elixir Pills... It had to be understood that those previous gamble-fights between Jian Wushuang and the Dragon Phoenix Pavilion disciples had won him around 1,800 Divine Elixir Pills which was three times more than the Purple Beast Alliance Master owned.

‘I thought killing this Purple Beast Alliance Master will get me a batch of expensive Divine Elixir Pills. However, it seems like it won’t be that easy,’ thought Jian Wushuang secretly.

However, he was able to understand as Divine Elixir Pills were uncommon and hard to obtain. Most resource trades were carried out using Primordial Stones with Divine Elixir Pills rarely used.

Just like the Crimson Stone Fort where Yin Su’er controlled. She could only get him 800 Divine Elixir Pills despite striving her hardest.

In comparison, it seemed quite acceptable for him to obtain these 500 pills from the Purple Beast Alliance Master.

As for the 1,800 Divine Elixir Pills he received from the Dragon Phoenix Pavilion disciples, it was only because the Dragon Phoenix Pavilion was rich.

‘I had almost one thousand eight hundred pills and now I’ve got another five hundred pieces. That’s two thousand plus pieces altogether. There’s still a huge difference with the amount I need to make a breakthrough from Peak Earth Ultimate God into the Primary-level Heaven Ultimate God. However, I’m not in a hurry.’ Jian Wushuang slightly smiled.

He had just started implementing his plans and there were lots of chances to get Divine Elixir Pills in the future. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

‘I have a clan under my control now that the Sword Alliance has been formed. Although it’s just a third-rated clan of an area, it’ll grow large enough to threaten those powerful clans as long as it continues to expand.’ Jian Wushuang was very confident with the Sword Alliance—to be exact he was confident in himself.

Ten days later, the Dragon Divine Gang and the Purple Beast Alliance had completed their integration and formed the Sword Alliance. The name Sword Alliance had completely spread by then.

In the Grand Hall, Jian Wushuang sat on a golden throne while Dong Xue, Hei Yan, Long Shan, and the middle-aged purple-haired man—Zi Wang—stood there respectfully.

“Alliance Master, these are sent by the Corpse Palace’s people. They said that both their palace masters send you their greetings.” Zi Wang passed an Interspatial Ring to Jian Wushuang.

“Corpse Palace?” Jian Wushuang slightly frowned. “Our Sword Alliance hasn’t even thrown our establishment convention yet, why did this Corpse Palace send us gifts?”

“I don’t know. They might want to greet you in advance,” said Zi Wang.

Jian Wushuang smiled and asked, “Greet me? Our Sword Alliance is the integration of the Dragon Divine Gang and Purple Beast Alliance so we have two cities under our control. We are no longer a small clan among those third-rated clans based on the land we own—won’t there be several people fixated on us?”

Dong Xue spoke, “That isn’t necessarily the case. Our domain is located at the edge of the Danyang Continent and far from those huge clans. Those huge clans don’t care much about this place. Although there are five clans near us, they are also just third-rated clans.

“You don’t need to pay much notice to the other four of the five third-rated clans as their strength is equal to the Purple Beast Alliance. Now that the Purple Beast Alliance and Dragon Divine Gang have integrated into the Sword Alliance, we’re much stronger than any of those four clans. Only the fifth clan—the Corpse Palace that sent these presents—is slightly nasty.”

“Why?” Jian Wushuang looked towards Dong Xue.

“Alliance Master. Although this Corpse Palace is also a third-rated clan, they are generally stronger than your usual third-rated clans. The Corpse Palace has more than seventy Heaven Ultimate Gods according to rumors with two palace masters. Both palace masters are at the Peak Heaven Ultimate God stage with one of them being the top among Peak Heaven Ultimate Gods. The previous Purple Beast Alliance Master you killed once fought against that Corpse Palace Master and was easily beaten,” said Hei Yan.

Hei Yan was originally part of the Purple Beast Alliance and one of the previous Alliance Master’s confidants. She saw the fight between the Alliance Master and the Corpse Palace Master. The power difference was huge.

“Apart from that, there’s also news stating the Corpse Palace deals with the Star Fort and both of them have a good relationship,” continued Hei Yan.

“Star Fort?” Jian Wushuang’s heart moved.

He did not know much about Corpse Palace but he surely knew of the Star Fort.