Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2687: The Three Zhao Brothers

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“The three of you, hurry up and meet the Alliance Master,” shouted Long Shan in a low voice.

The three Zhao Brothers hesitated.

Zhao Tianhai, the youngest of the three brothers strangely said, “Commander Long Shan, is he really the Alliance Master? How come he’s just a High-level Heaven Ultimate God like us? He doesn’t look very powerful.”

Jian Wushuang was startled when he heard that.

“How presumptuous!” Long Shan yelled and was just about to scold them...

“It doesn’t matter.” Jian Wushuang waved his hand before slowly stepped forward, looked at the three brothers, and faintly smiled. “What do you think is necessary to become an Alliance Master?”

“The Sword Alliance controls two cities and is considered extremely strong among the third-rated forces in the Danyang Continent. Now that they even have the Divine Sword Official Army, the Alliance Master has to be at least a Peak Heaven Ultimate God,” said Zhao Tianhai.

“Peak Heaven Ultimate God?” Jian Wushuang smiled speechlessly. “Sometimes, a person’s cultivation realm can’t represent everything. Why don’t we have a battle since you feel that I’m not powerful enough to become the Alliance Master? The three if you can join forces and fight against me and see who wins. How about that?”

“A battle?” Zhao Tianhai was surprised.

“Alliance Master, are you sure?” The eldest brother, Zhao Tianshan looked over quizzically. “We three brothers have a good tacit understanding and work extremely well together. Each of our combat powers is already extremely strong among the High-level Heaven Ultimate Gods. We can fight with a Peak Heaven Ultimate God when the three of us work together.”

“Really? I’m looking forward to it even more then. Let’s do it.” Jian Wushuang beckoned at the three brothers.

The three brothers looked at each other and knew what each other was going to do next without even talking.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Those three hill-like figures moved all of a sudden.

Their divine power breath increased and had a terrifying sense—just like three living beasts.

The three of them appeared in front of Jian Wushuang in the blink of an eye and attacked at the same time with their sabers flung out.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

Three bright saber-lights fell almost at the same time with each slashing toward Jian Wushuang from three different directions.

The three of them positioned their attacks from three very tricky directions. It effectively blocked Jian Wushuang’s figure, leaving him with no possibility of evading.

“The cooperation between these three is impeccable.” Jian Wushuang nodded secretly. He immediately drew out his Blood Mountain Sword and mustered his divine power.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

There were three repeated low impact sounds of collision before the three brothers were sent retreating backward.

“That’s so powerful!”

“Although he’s only a High-level Heaven Ultimate God, his divine power breath is probably very close to a Peak Heaven Ultimate God.”

“Brothers.” The youngest brother, Zhao Tianhai glanced at his two older brothers.

A magnificent gush of divine power emerged from the three of them before instantly condensing together.

Rumbling...

An extremely violent black mystical ape with a height of one hundred feet appeared out of thin air under the trio’s joint efforts.

The black mystical ape exuded an earth-shattering aura breath. It tilted its head back and roared as soon as it appeared. The roar came with a terrifying sonic attack which gave many Heaven Ultimate Gods a scare.

The black mystical ape suddenly charged forward.

“The three brothers indeed are also capable of executing Fusion Attack Techniques and their strength isn’t bad. The black mystical ape they formed together doesn’t seem weaker than an average Peak Heaven Ultimate God,” whispered Jian Wushuang before lunging forward and was already in front of the black mystical ape.

A huge sword shadow formed out of thin air upon a sudden wave of his Blood Mountain Sword in his hand.

The black mystical ape was tumbling around with its mystical energy as it growled. It then fiercely flexed its sturdy arm and huge as a star fist that carrying an earth-shattering power before slamming right down at Jian Wushuang.

Bang!

There was a loud noise from the collision of the towering sword shadow with the mystical ape’s fist. The light quickly died down along with the sword shadow’s collapse.

“This mighty power is even stronger than an ordinary Peak Heaven Ultimate God?” Jian Wushuang was a little surprised as his figure instantly retreated.

A part of that terrifying power acted on Jian Wushuang’s divine body, but it could not do much to him.

“Alliance Master, is this all you’ve got?” A magnificent voice came from the black mystical ape.

Inside the black mystical ape, the eyes of the three Zhao Brothers shone with intense excitement.

The three brothers had been together since they were born and had improved their strengths together. They had also created a fusion attack technique which allowed their combat power when working together to become far greater than their individual strength.

The three of them seemed to be just High-level Heaven Ultimate Gods at first glance, but when the three formed that black mystical ape—even a Peak Ultimate God had to retreat.

“Hehe, I’m being underestimated.”

Jian Wushuang laughed instead of being angry upon hearing the black mystical ape and made a move again.

The majestic golden divine power gathered madly behind him while he was moving and condensed into a five-thousand-foot-high Golden God Shadow in the blink of an eye. His phantom was much taller and stronger than the three Zhao Brothers’ black mystical ape.

Jian Wushuang raised the Blood Mountain Sword with both hands and sent out the sword again.

He still did not use any sword techniques. It was just a slash of pure power, but when the longsword was sent out, it contained endless Space-time strength with two Space-time Blades integrated into that sword strike.

A horrible sword-light emerged suddenly as the longsword fell.

The sword-light was more powerful than the one Jian Wushuang performed previously. The most important matter was the two Space-time Blades contained in the sword-light.

That was the real horror.

Whoa! The void frantically screamed under the sword-light’s pressure.

The three Zhao Brothers in the black mystical ape seemed to have sensed the sword-light’s power and dared not be careless. They immediately used their full strength, causing the black mystical ape to roar again, and swung out its two sturdy arms.

However, the result was...the sword-light slash with its horrible strangling power and instantly smashed the black mystical ape’s arms.

“What?”

The three Zhao Brothers were surprised and immediately retreated.

“Haha, don’t run so quickly.” Jian Wushuang laughed. The longsword in his hand was placed horizontally and slashed again. The sword driven by the Blood Mountain Sword’s power smashed the black mystical ape again and again.

Jian Wushuang’s divine power was close to a Peak Heaven Ultimate God. The power of his sword every attack had greatly leveled up when paired with the Divine God of Punishment secret technique and the two Space-time Blades that he had been enlightened from the Space-time Law.