Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2688: Seven Absolute City

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Jian Wushuang treated the Blood Mountain Sword in his hand like a stick and struck the black mystical ape again and again.

His terrifying power erupted completely and the black mystical ape obviously was unable to resist. It kept retreating and stumbling backward. The divine power breath in the mystical ape was also fading crazily.

“Alliance Master, we surrender. We surrender!”

“Alliance Master, please be merciful.”

The voices of the three Zhao Brothers resounded from inside the mystical ape.

Jian Wushuang disregarded their pleas and carried on with the attack. He suppressed the black mystical ape until it completely collapsed and disintegrated before finally stopping.

“Now, do you think I’m qualified to be the Sword Alliance Master?” Jian Wushuang smiled and looked at the three Zhao Brothers.

However, his smile made the three Zhao Brothers shudder with eyes full of horror when they looked at Jian Wushuang.

“How can this be? He’s obviously only a High-level Heaven Ultimate God, but why is his power so strong?”

“We three brothers are the best at power. The black mystical ape formed by our fusion attack technique is also based on power. Even an ordinary Peak Ultimate God would retreat when facing our black mystical ape, but the Alliance Master had completely relied on his power to crush us!”

“Awesome! Alliance Master is simply amazing.”

The three brothers secretly admired.

The three of them were simple and honest. They only honored the strong as their leader.

They were a little unconvinced when they saw that Jian Wushuang—the Sword Alliance Master—was just a High-level Heaven Ultimate God like them. However, they were convinced after the battle where Jian Wushuang crushed them with his power. The fact that Jian Wushuang crushed their best performing technique had gained their recognition.

“Alliance Master, how do you feel?” Long Shan and Xiao Tiexin walked over to Jian Wushuang.

“The three Zhao Brothers are not bad. The three of them can compete against an ordinary Peak Heaven Ultimate God. As for the other soldiers, I’ve not fought with them so I can’t see where their level of strength is. Let’s do this. They can come and train with me together tonight,” said Jian Wushuang.

“Yes.” Long Shan nodded.

At night, the bright moon hung high in the sky.

Jian Wushuang set off with Long Shan and the 50 soldiers of the Divine Sword Official Army.

A large group of figures was skimming along on the void.

“Alliance Master, where are we going?” Long Shan who was by Jian Wushuang’s side asked quizzically.

“Don’t ask first. You’ll know very soon.” Jian Wushuang smiled.

Long Shan dared not ask further.

Their group traveled all night and finally appeared before a big city in the morning the next day.

“That’s...the Seven Absolute City?”

Long Shan was shocked when he saw the city before him. “Seven Absolute City belongs to the Seven Absolute Palace. Alliance Master, do you want to attack the Seven Absolute Palace?”

“Why, can’t I?” Jian Wushuang smiled.

He had planned it a long time ago. There were five major forces in the Sword Alliance, all of which were only third-rated forces with the Corpse Palace being the strongest.

The Sword Alliance was formed not long ago and while the Divine Sword Official Army was being created, he had been holding back on making a move. However, he no longer needed to hide his plan and began to expand after the Divine Sword Official Army development.

The Seven Absolute Palace was one of those third-rated forces and Jian Wushuang was determined to take it down in one blow.

“Alliance Master, the Seven Absolute Palace is a third-rated force after all. Not only is its strength not weak, but is also complicated. Should we put this down on a long-term plan?” Long Shan asked worriedly.

It was not a trifling matter to attack a third-rated force. Under normal circumstances, Jian Wushuang should have gathered many High-level experts in the Sword Alliance to carefully discuss it and best to make full preparations before doing it. However, there was obviously no preparation on that other day when Jian Wushuang brought the Divine Sword Official Army there to immediately attack them.

“Why the trouble to only take down a third-rated force? Let’s go directly into Seven Absolute City and behead all the high-level Seven Absolute Palace experts and then suppress them by force. Those who dare disobey us shall be killed without mercy.” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were cold with a solemn expression.

Long Shan tried to gulp down some saliva to stay calm but did not dare to persuade Jian Wushuang anymore.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

In just a few moments, many Divine Sword Official Arm soldiers broke into Seven Absolute City under Jian Wushuang’s leadership.

Naturally, the high-level Seven Absolute Palace experts immediately noticed the large group of experts that suddenly broke in. The figures of their experts rose into the air.

Some restrictions and formations from Seven Absolute City have also been activated. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

In the center of those experts stood a black-robed old man with an extremely cold and evil aura. He appeared in front of Jian Wushuang while being surrounded by many experts.

The black-robed old man was a Peak Heaven Ultimate God—obviously the Seven Absolute Palace Master.

“Who are you?” The Seven Absolute Palace Master looked cold as he turned toward Jian Wushuang.

“Sword Alliance, Su Han,” answered Jian Wushuang.

The Seven Absolute Palace Master’s face sank. “People from the Sword Alliance? We never had any frictions and struggles between our two forces since the Sword Alliance’s establishment. What’s going on here?”

Jian Wushuang smiled indifferently. “I’m here for a very simple purpose, your Seven Absolute Palace’s location being right next to my Sword Alliance. I’ve been eyeing this Seven Absolute City for a long time, so you can choose between you surrendering to the Sword Alliance or perish. Your choice.”

“Presumptuous!” The Seven Absolute Palace Master was furious.

The many Seven Absolute Palace experts were gawking at Jian Wushuang angrily.

They were both a third-rated force, yet the Sword Alliance Master brought a large number of experts to their city and demanded them to directly surrender?

How could they be willing?

“Su Han, I’ve heard that your Sword Alliance has integrated the previous Dragon Divine Gang and Purple Beast Alliance. Besides, you’ve also recruited members on a large scale this year. Your strength is already extremely strong, but you shouldn’t be too arrogant. Do you want to take my Seven Absolute Palace down with just a few of you here? I’m afraid you won’t be successful,” said the Seven Absolute Palace Master coldly.

“Does this mean that you won’t surrender? Then there’s nothing more to say.” Jian Wushuang’s gaze was cold for a moment... Endless golden divine power emerged from Jian Wushuang’s body which then turned into a majestic golden divine power ocean and frantically swept in all directions from Jian Wushuang.

In the blink of an eye, the golden ocean of divine power covered a vast area of ​​heaven and earth and immediately formed a huge golden prison out of thin air after the golden divine power ocean was formed. The golden prison covered most of the void above Seven Absolute City along with the powerful Seven Absolute Palace experts. The coverage was to the extent that many other Seven Absolute Palace experts and Divine Sword Official Army soldiers were also enveloped within it.