Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2728: Easily Killed

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Jian Wushuang displayed the Seven Stars Secret Technique within his body at the same time as the Golden Emperor rose to a height of 10,000 feet.

His cultivation realm was elevated from High-level Heaven Ultimate God to Peak Heaven Ultimate God as soon as that happened.

His divine power breath being disguised by the black stone also made a breakthrough from Primary-level Grand Ultimate God to High-level Grand Ultimate God.

“My divine power is not inferior to any High-level Grand Ultimate God when both Divine God of Punishment and the Seven Stars Secret Technique are performed concurrently. Next...let’s look at my techniques.”

Jian Wushuang smiled faintly and swayed while looking at the Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet that was coming his way at an incredible speed.

He appeared in front of the Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet as though he had teleported.

The Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet possessed the combat prowess of a High-level Grand Ultimate God and immediately reacted to Jian Wushuang. His claw-like hands were positioned one in front of the other as it targeted Jian Wushuang’s head.

Jian Wushuang gently moved aside and perfectly dodged away from the two sharp claws.

He soon thrust the Blood Mountain Sword in his hand and seems to be wielding the sword at will.

His sword movement seemed casual, but each sword movement was executed extremely well from tricky angles. The essence of his moves was his terrifying speed.

The Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet had some of the cultivator’s soul power and it could perform some techniques the cultivator used during his lifetime. The two claws resembled a beast’s sharp claws charging rapidly and frantically at Jian Wushuang. It made loud metal clanking sounds when colliding with Jian Wushuang’s Blood Mountain Sword.

Jian Wushuang’s ethereal figure was engaged in a fierce battle against the Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet, but with a relaxed look.

“It’s too slow, this Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet is way too slow.”

Jian Wushuang fought fiercely but secretly shook his head disapprovingly.

After fighting for some time, he found that the Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet’s power was not weaker than a High-level Grand Ultimate God with its offensive techniques were also extremely good. Technically, the Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet was not slow as its two claws were moving rapidly. It was only considered too slow for Jian Wushuang who was good at the Space-time Law and had reached a very high understanding level on the Space-time Law.

The Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet was tricked to move in circles even when Jian Wushuang merely attacked at will without putting much effort into his speed.

“It’s too slow so I don’t need to display my full strength. It’s boring.”

Jian Wushuang sighed and was no longer interested in carrying on the fight with the Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet.

His eyes flashed menacingly. Swish!

He then made a strange forward thrust and swung the Blood Mountain Sword in his hand.

A sword-light suddenly lit up.

It was extremely beautiful and fascinating. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

It was amorphous yet so mesmerizing.

Space-time Sword Technique, Seventh Form—Enchanted!

The sword movement was so enchanting that any ordinary cultivator would likely be fascinated by its poignant sword-light.

However, the unconscious corpse puppet was not affected in any way.

The sword movement was too fast with speeds that were not something a corpse puppet could handle.

The poignant sword-light smashed on the Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet’s body without any resistance. The Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet was refined using special methods, hence its divine body was extremely powerful—far more powerful than a High-level Grand Ultimate God’s.

An ordinary frontal attack would not cause much damage to the corpse puppet. However, Jian Wushuang’s rapid sword attack contained more than just his extremely powerful divine power. It also contained a large number of Space-time Blades!

The Space-time Blades were formed upon reaching the second stage of Space-time Law—Space-time Strangulation.

The Space-time Blades were extremely sharp and powerful and Jian Wushuang’s sword attack contained a whopping 18 Space-time Blades.

Buzz!

The sword-light bombarded the Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet’s divine body as a terrifying strangulation power was discharged. The Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet had no room to struggle as it was strangled and shattered. Half of the Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet was completely shattered following the sword-light’s trajectory.

In the void above the cemetery, Jian Wushuang slowly retracted his longsword and glanced indifferently at the Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet’s remains that had fallen to the ground below.

“I’ve meticulously studied for thirty years under the assistance of two Fengtian Scrolls. I’ve improved a lot in both Sword Principles and understanding of laws in these thirty years and made great progress, especially in Space-time Law. My divine power breath is equivalent to this Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet when I executed both the Divine God of Punishment and Seven Stars Secret Technique. In addition, I have a better understanding of Space-time Law and Sword Principles than him,” murmured Jian Wushuang.

The Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet was just an ordinary High-level Grand Ultimate God during his lifetime, so his understanding of laws and Sword Principles were still rather undeveloped.

On the other hand, Jian Wushuang had only improved one level of cultivation realm in the past 30 years, but his understanding of laws and the Sword Principle had improved tremendously.

As an example, he could only barely condense two Space-time Blades from the Space-time Law 30 years ago, but he was able to condense 18 Spaced-time Blades in one go 30 years later. If he had done his best, condensing 20 Space-time Blades was not a problem.

His achievements were definitely one of the strongest amongst High-level Grand Ultimate Gods.

Due to that, Jiang Wushuang could easily kill the Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet under the premise of equivalent divine power.

The Interspatial Ring naturally fell into Jian Wushuang’s hands after beheading the Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet.

Jian Wushuang carefully scanned it and was satisfied with the resources contained within.

It was the entire net worth of a High-level Grand Ultimate God after all. Jian Wushuang killed the Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet by himself, so he did not need to share the resources and treasures in the Interspatial Ring with the rest. It was considered a big win.

“I wonder how the rest are doing now?” Jian Wushuang wondered.

The cemetery was too dangerous with corpse puppets everywhere. He was not bothered by Bronze-armored Corpse Puppets, but would rather stay away from Silver-armored Corpse Puppets or Bronze-armored Corpse Puppets that could pose a great deal of risk and trouble for him.

Therefore, he dared not move around as the best option was to wait for the others to solve their trouble before regrouping together for the next course of action.

Jian Wushuang stood there and waited quietly before Saber Master sent a message after a while.

Saber Master was the strongest amongst the six with his combat prowess very close to a Peak Grand Ultimate God. He was chased by a Bronze-armored Corpse Puppet which was easily solved. He then summoned the other five after he was done.