Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2759: War!

“Knowing that the Divine Demon Sect will retaliate after he destroys the Heavenly Blood Alliance, how dare he remain in the Heavenly Blood City! Su Han is obviously waiting for us... Well, l’m dying to find out the potential of this young Sword Alliance that has only been around for decades.”

“Let’s go to the Heavenly Blood Alliance!”

Dong Shen gave an order for all the Divine Demon Sect experts to immediately set off.

The Divine Sword Army had arrived in the Heavenly Blood City to solidify their power by expelling any remaining influence of the Heavenly Blood Alliance in the city.

Jian Wushuang and the others were standing in the void above the Heavenly Blood City, waiting patiently.

“The people from the Divine Demon Sect should arrive at any time now.” Jian Wushuang smiled, he was looking forward to it excitedly.

It only took a few decades for Sword Alliance to grow from a third-rated force since its creation and expand to what it was at that instance.

Sword Alliance was finally about to face off the top forces in Danyang Continent.

“I hope the experts from Divine Demon Sect that are coming will not let me down,” Jian Wushuang muttered.

Strange Old Tong, Grand Ultimate God Jue Xin and the others stood beside Jian Wushuang with solemn expressions.

They were somehow fearful of the Divine Demon Sect.

Suddenly, a few more black spots appeared out of thin air in the distant void.

Those black spots were magnifying at a speed visible to the naked eye. In no time, those black spots appeared completely in front of Jian Wushuang and the others.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Nine figures came into the picture.

Each of those nine figures was diffusing an extremely tyrannical breath of aura. The weakest among them were the five Primary-level Grand Ultimate Gods. There were three High-level Grand Ultimate Gods.

The last person was the middle-aged Peak Grand Ultimate God, Dong Shen. He had a handsome and impassive face and he was wearing a purply gold armor. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

“Nine Grand Ultimate Gods?”

The faces of Grand Ultimate God Jue Xin and Strange Old Tong sank at the sight of those nine figures.

As one of the top forces in Danyang Continent, Divine Demon Sect did not seem to have many Grand Ultimate Gods. There were no more than ten Grand Ultimate Gods.

However, that was the information known by the public.

Any of those forces with deep roots and influence had private swarms hidden in the dark, away from the eyes and knowledge of the public. Divine Demon Sect was no exception.

Therefore, Divine Demon Sect certainly had more than ten Peak Grand Ultimate Gods under their wings. That explained the strong lineup of nine Grand Ultimate Gods in Divine Demon Sect even after Jian Wushuang and his men killed the three Grand Ultimate Gods in Heavenly Blood Alliance.

“So, they have nine Grand Ultimate Gods. The five Primary-level Grand Ultimate Gods and three High-level Grand Ultimate Gods are relatively easy to deal with, but the Divine Demon Sect Master is a Peak Grand Ultimate God after all.” Jian Wushuang’s eyes narrowed slightly.

“Dong Shen, long time no see.”

A cold voice sounded. It was Strange Old Tong.

Strange Old Tong had grievances with Divine Demon Sect and therefore, Dong Shen was no stranger to Strange Old Tong.

Dong Shen had personally gone on a chase to kill Strange Old Tong before, but he did not succeed.

“Strange Old Tong, I’ll sort out the grievances between us later.” Dong Shen glanced at Strange Old Tong before landing his cold gaze on Jian Wushuang, “Are you Su Han from the Sword Alliance?”

“Yes, it’s me.” Jian Wushuang nodded slightly.

“A mere Primary-level Grand Ultimate God who created a powerful Sword Alliance within such a short time... I must admit that you’ve done very well,” said Dong Shen coldly.

“Thanks for the compliment. These are just some small tactics that are not worth mentioning at all,” Jian Wushuang replied with a smile.

“You are modest.” Dong Shen stared at Jian Wushuang, “However, no matter what tactics you have up your sleeves, you should never do anything to Heavenly Blood Alliance and never ever aim at my Divine Demon Sect! All of you here today won’t be able to walk out of here alive.”

“Get started! Spare no one!”

Dong Shen waved his hand. Behind him, the three High-level Grand Ultimate Gods and five Primary-level Grand Ultimate Gods made a move instantly.

When those eight Grand Ultimate Gods struck at the same time, a gush of horrific aura enveloped the area in an instant.

“Alliance Master Su Han, we will do our best to resist these eight people, but if Dong Shen comes in later, you will have to figure out your own way to parry him off,” said Strange Old Tong before the five Grand Ultimate Gods from Sword Alliance made a move.

Although there were only five Grand Ultimate Gods from Sword Alliance— Strange Old Tong, Grand Ultimate God Jue Xin, Strange Old Snake, Mr An Ying and Lan Junzhu, they had four High-level Grand Ultimate Gods. Besides Strange Old Tong and Grand Ultimate God Jue Xin who were both exceptionally formidable High-level Grand Ultimate Gods, Strange Old Snake, Mr An Ying, and Lan Junzhu were also extremely powerful.

Those five Grand Ultimate Gods struck at the same time, fighting against eight opponents fearlessly.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

A series of loud and crisp noises broke out when the experts from the two camps fought.

The entire void was instantly filled with violent divine power.

Neither Jian Wushuang nor Dong Shen made a shot, they were just looking calmly at the battlefield from the peripheral.

Strange Old Tong was the most dazzling fighter with his wonderful combat power. He had alone confronted an equally outstanding High-level Grand Ultimate God from Divine Demon Sect, completely suppressing and overpowering his opponent.

Grand Ultimate God Jue Xin who was previously recognized as the top Primary-level Grand Ultimate God had broken through in his combat power and he was no inferior to Strange Old Tong. He had simultaneously contended with two High-level Grand Ultimate Gods from Divine Demons Sect.

He was against two people yet he managed to maintain a stalemate with his opponents.

In other words, three High-level Grand Ultimate Gods from Divine Demon Sect were feuding with Strange Old Tong and Grand Ultimate God Jue Xin where the Sword Alliance party enjoyed the advantage.

Strange Old Snake and Mr An Ying, the two High-level Grand Ultimate Gods and Lan Junzhu, the powerful Primary-level Grand Ultimate God, kept the other five Primary-level Grand Ultimate Gods from Divine Demon Sect under control

Dong Shen frowned slightly.

He did not expect that the combat power from the Sword Alliance Grand Ultimate Gods would be so impressive.

“Weren’t Grand Ultimate God Jue Xin, Strange Old Snake, and Mr An Ying Primary-level Grand Ultimate Gods? When did they break through and reach the High-level Grand Ultimate God realm?” Dong Shen was astonished.

Though he was astonished, he was not too worry after all.

When Divine Demon Sect was obviously at an absolute disadvantage on the battlefield... Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Three figures suddenly emerged from the surrounding void.

There were one High-level Grand Ultimate God and two Primary-level Grand Ultimate Gods. They were extremely powerful, especially the High-level Grand Ultimate God. He had fiery red hair and wore a fiery red robe. He looked like a ball of raging flame.

His breath of aura was extremely tyrannical and his strength was almost comparable with Strange Old Tong.