Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2763: Vanquished

Jian Wushuang had his eyes on an old man with fiery red hair who looked like a ball of flame. The man was Fiery Cloud Demon Master.

Fiery Cloud Demon Master was outstanding among the High-level Grand Ultimate Gods. Killing him was like killing three Primary-level Grand Ultimate Gods.

“Grand Ultimate God Jue Xin!”

Jian Wushuang yelled.

Grand Ultimate God Jue Xin was fighting against Fiery Cloud Demon Master and the Silver-armored Corpse Puppet was nearby.

Grand Ultimate God Jue Xin responded immediately to Jian Wushuang’s cue, he turned around and saw Jian Wushuang had his finger out pointing at the distance.

Buzz!

The Space-time power dispersed.

He was again performing the A Finger Pointing Heavenly Technique!

“Damn it!”

It was to Fiery Cloud Demon Master dismay to find Jian Wushuang stretched out his hand and pointed toward him, Fiery Cloud Demon Master desperately wanted to dodge away. Unfortunately, A Finger Pointing Heavenly Technique was an unusually overbearing technique. It had the Space-time around Fiery Cloud Demon Master under control and running away was not an option available to him.

In an instant, Fiery Cloud Demon Master and the Space-time around him became stagnated.

However, Fiery Cloud Demon Master was extremely powerful. Jian Wushuang’s A Finger Pointing Heavenly Technique had only managed to freeze him for a short moment. It was such a brief moment yet Grand Ultimate God Jue Xin and the Silver-armored Corpse Puppet caught hold of it.

Whoosh!

A dazzling saber light instantly cut in a violent sweeping stroke on Fiery Cloud Demon Master’s head.

The Silver-armored Corpse Puppet had bright silver light flashing, its body transformed into an ancient ferocious beast and popped up behind Fiery Cloud Demon Master. Its palm wide opened, like a fierce beast’s claws, went down on Fiery Cloud Demon Master.

The Space-time around Fiery Cloud Demon Master was back to normal and he immediately noticed the two horrible attacking moves coming in both in front of and behind him.

Shocked, Fiery Cloud Demon Master immediately ignited a conflagration and at the same time both his arms stretched in opposite directions trying to resist the attacks targeting him. He had no time to perform fancy defensive moves so he was relying on his palms in parrying off the attacks.

Bang! Bang!

Two loud booming sounds were heard followed by Fiery Cloud Demon Master being shaken up. He felt a sweet taste in the mouth as he spouted out blood.

His face turned pale and his breath of aura wilted instantly, he was obviously seriously injured.

He was lucky, considering that he only suffered a serious injury instead of being beheaded.

Having survived the destructive attacks, Fiery Cloud Demon Master desperately wanted to pull himself further away from Grand Ultimate God Jue Xin and the Silver-armored Corpse Puppet.

Suddenly... a phantom-like figure appeared next to him unexpectedly.

“You are?” Fiery Cloud Demon Master spotted the figure from the corner of his eyes.

The figure was wearing a golden robe and holding a long sword in his hand. Behind the figure was a 10,000 feet tall Golden Emperor. He was Jian Wushuang.

“Sh*t.” Fiery Cloud Demon Master went wide-eyed.

Jian Wushuang brandished his sword.

A beam of sword light emerged.

The sword movement gave away a poignant and heartbreaking feeling.

It was confounding yet mesmerizing to watch.

Many experts who were fighting around the battlefield were attracted and fascinated by the sword light.

They felt tipsy; it was slightly uncomfortable but dreamy and enjoyable.

Space-time Sword Technique, Seventh Form, Enchanted!

As Jian Wushuang improved his grasp on the Space-time Law, his understanding of sword principles improved and he had been seeking new breakthroughs in sword techniques.

He had created the first seven forms of Space-time Sword Technique and the seventh form was a huge breakthrough. Every single new form after the seventh form was extremely difficult.

Jian Wushuang has created the Enchanted form for decades and he had yet to create the eighth form.

Though it was the very same seventh form he performed decades ago, he managed to make it even more fascinating and unusually hard to be resisted. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Its speed and power had also been greatly improved.

Fiery Cloud Demon Master’s eyes showed that he was baffled by such mesmerizing and beautiful sword light and he seemed like he had fallen for the magical moment. However, his mind was fully aware of the situation and he frantically wanted to do something to resist the fascinating sword attack.

He wanted to resist the attack so bad.

However, he just got lucky with Grand Ultimate God Jue Xin and the Silver-armored Corpse Puppet and he was running for his life. Jian Wushuang caught the perfect opportunity to fire the shot while sealing off the path Fiery Cloud Demon Master was retreating. Fiery Cloud Demon Master was horrified to find himself unable to keep up with the speed of Jian Wushuang’s sword.

He knew he was too slow compared with that sword movement.

He had no time to resist the sword attack.

Finally...

Chuck!

The poignant sword light passed through Fiery Cloud Demon Master. He was covered with conflagration, but as the sword light passed by, the flame was put out instantly. His eyes dimmed as his breath of aura diminished.

He was killed in just a jiffy.

“What a pity, Fiery Cloud Demon Master...”

“If you did not choose to join Divine Demon Sect and wait for a little longer for me to send you an invitation, you would not die. You will also get a Huangji Golden Pill to attempt a breakthrough to the Peak Grand Ultimate God realm.”

Jian Wushuang sighed when he looked at the Fiery Cloud Demon Master’s body.

While Jian Wushuang slew Fiery Cloud Demon Master, the battles around him were also leaning in favor of one party.

Most of the Divine Demon Sect Grand Ultimate Gods were defeated and they were fleeing for their lives. Their strength was suppressed by the domain oppression and the terrifying Golden Prison around them. They had to first escape the Golden Prison that was extremely difficult for them.

In just a few moments, in addition to the three Primary-level Grand Ultimate Gods and Fiery Cloud Demon Master who were killed with the help of Jian Wushuang, a High-level Grand Ultimate God and a Primary-level Grand Ultimate God were killed.

Six out of 12 Grand Ultimate Gods, including Dong Shen, who turned up from Divine Demon Sect were beheaded. That was half of the manpower.

And the killing was obviously still going on.

Without warning...

Boom!

A terrifying roar sounded abruptly. Far ahead upfront, a hole was made through the extremely strong Golden Prison under the impact of majestic power and the hole was growing larger.

Dense cracks appeared quickly all over the Golden Prison, spreading like a spider web.

Finally, the Golden Prison collapsed due to the impact.

After that, a burly figure appeared.