Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2766: A Great Shock!

Jian Wushuang and his people previously wiped out the Heavenly Blood Alliance with overwhelming strength and killed three Grand Ultimate Gods including the Heavenly Blood Alliance Master. The Divine Demon Sect was furious and attacked with their full might. Nanwu Palace Master was not the only one who received news about the occurrence. Several other pinnacle forces and many first-rated forces, second-rated forces, and independent experts had also learned about it.

There were many witnesses during the head-on fight between Divine Demon Sect and Sword Alliance which resulted in an immediate spread of the news.

As Jian Wushuang and the others had anticipated, the news caused a stir in the entire Danyang Continent once it spread.

The forces and many experts in the Danyang Continent were stunned.

“The Divine Demon Sect sent their full force of twelve Grand Ultimate Gods being personally led by the Divine Demon Sect Master Dong Shen to clash head-on with the Sword Alliance but was defeated? Six of their Grand Ultimate Gods were decapitated on the spot by the Sword Alliance? How’s that possible?”

“Is this a joke? After all, they are one of the pinnacle forces.”

“This is inaccurate, it’s inaccurate. I know about the Sword Alliance and they had just been founded decades ago. The Alliance Master is Su Han who’s only a Primary-level Grand Ultimate God. Although he’s a genius and killed Fo Yi in a head-on battle while still a Heaven Ultimate God, it was rumored that his success had a certain level of embellishment in it. How could it be possible for the Sword Alliance to directly go against the Divine Demon Sect and defeat them? It’s impossible.”

“I think it’s impossible too.” Different forces and experts felt it was impossible when they received the news with no one believing it.

However, many saw the battle with some of them being extremely strong experts. There were even people who purposely recorded the battle with image tokens.

Although these people did not know what happened to the Divine Demon Sect’s Grand Ultimate Gods after they were trapped in the Golden Prison, the onlookers still recorded the subsequent events after Nanwu Palace Master destroyed the Golden Prison.

Those image tokens soon spread widely across the Danyang Continent.

The experts could only accept the truth regardless of how unbelievable it was with the image tokens’ existences.

“It’s... It’s true?”

“The Sword Alliance had truly defeated the Divine Demon Sect?”

“Oh my god, since when did Strange Old Tong, Jue Xin, Old Snake, An Ying, and Lan Junzhu join the Sword Alliance? And since when did Jue Xin, Old Snake, and An Ying make a breakthrough to the High-level Grand Ultimate God realm?”

“Look! Look at those figures in the recording. Those are corpse puppets. Those two Bronze-armored Corpse Puppets have the combat power of ordinary High-level Grand Ultimate Gods while the Silver-armored Corpse Puppet has a peak High-level Grand Ultimate God’s strength. However, those images even showed Alliance Master Su Han taking out a Gold-armored Corpse Puppet which had the combat power of a Peak Grand Ultimate God!”

“No wonder... No wonder they’re capable of defeating the Divine Demon Sect in a face-to-face battle. The Sword Alliance’s upper echelons have such high combat power?”

All questions were thrown out the window when they saw the occurrence from those mirror images.

The Sword Alliance’s battle array was horrifying and truly had the capability of directly defeating the Divine Demon Sect.

At that moment, all of them understood that the Divine Demon Sect’s defeat was justifiable and their remaining Grand Ultimate Gods might not be able to leave peacefully were it not for Nanwu Palace Master’s interference at the end.

Apart from that, two other matters arose after the news was verified.

Firstly, the Divine Demon Sect was badly affected by the battle. The Divine Demon Sect had lost a total of nine Grand Ultimate Gods in the battle when taking into consideration of those three Heavenly Blood Alliance’s Grand Ultimate Gods that were killed. It had to be highlighted that the Divine Demon Sect had a limited number of Grand Ultimate Gods—losing nine of them meant they were left with a small number which drastically decreased their upper echelon’s combat power.

Such events had brought excitement to many forces in the Danyang Continent.

Some of the experts who had grudges against the Divine Demon Sect were also eager to take action.

In the past, the Divine Demon Sect was extremely strong and acted extremely domineeringly, hence those experts dared not offend them even though they had triggered many of those experts.

However, the Divine Demon Sect had suffered such a huge change at that moment and those experts would not forget to hit them with another blow.

Secondly, the Sword Alliance had directly defeated the Divine Demon Sect. The Sword Alliance’s overpowering strength had shocked those forces and experts, hence a rumor had been started in the Danyang Continent that the Sword Alliance would be replacing the Divine Demon Sect and become a new pinnacle force.

Apart from that, even if the Divine Demon Sect was able to maintain itself due to Dong Shen’s support and their profound heritage, the Sword Alliance’s rise was certain.

It was because the Sword Alliance already had the strength of a pinnacle force.

Although the Sword Alliance did not have a true Peak Grand Ultimate God, they had a Gold-armored Corpse Puppet supporting them as their highest-level combat power.

Such a fact was further verified with their capabilities of directly defeating the Divine Demon Sect during the Grand Ultimate God-level battle. As for those lower-level members being led by the Sword Alliance... Every force had received news that the Sword Alliance also had an army known as the Divine Sword Army consisted of 500 Heaven Ultimate Gods that was formed at a great cost and having extremely high combat powers!

It could be said that Jian Wushuang had already possessed sufficient strength.

It was estimated that the difference between the current Sword Alliance and a pinnacle force was having sufficient territories and profound heritages.

However, obsolete strength was required to obtain territories and profound heritage, but that was not an issue as one could also plunder others for them.

Therefore, the Sword Alliance undisputedly would become a new pinnacle force in the Danyang Continent.

...

In a dimly lit hall. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

There was no lighting or any ornaments but only a huge round table in the middle.

At that moment, three obscure figures formed around the round table.

Those three obscure figures were only consciousness incarnations and not the real bodies as they did not have any power but were only capable of conversing.

“Why isn’t Dong Shen here?” An evil voice resounded from an evil-looking old man who was completely covered under a black robe. The evil-looking elder had green eyes and looked extremely ghastly.

However, he had a great identity.

There were five pinnacle forces in the Danyang Continent and that evil-looking elder was the Life and Death Tower Master.

“The Divine Demon Sect had met with such a huge change and suffered losing nine Grand Ultimate Gods alongside a great blow to their prestige. Many forces and experts now have their eyes fixated on the Divine Demon Sect, hence Dong Shen is extremely busy doing his Divine Demon Sect Master responsibilities right now. How could he have the time to come over here?” A gentle voice could be heard from the only woman among those three people.

She was an old lady with grey hair and had spots all over her face—looking extremely worn-out.

The Dongfang Clan Masters had always been women.

The grey-haired old lady was the clan master of Dongfang Clan at that moment.