Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2768: Silent Acquiescence

It was not difficult for forces from the other eight realms who had Undying Saints supporting them to raise a pinnacle force in the Danyang Holy Domain.

“If a pinnacle force from the outer realm is secretly supporting the Sword Alliance is true, the Sword Alliance is of great threat to us.” The Life and Death Tower Master had a cold look in his eyes.

“Yes, the Danyang Holy Domain has been at an absolute disadvantage since Crimson Stone Saint’s passing. The current infiltration of outer realms’ pinnacle forces must be aimed at taking over the entire Danyang Holy Domain. We should take action right now and wipe out the Sword Alliance while it still hasn’t stabilized its position to be safe,” said the Dongfang Clan Master. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Nanwu Palace Master frowned. “It’s true that we should immediately take action under normal circumstances. However, matters are different right now. I’ve received news that the Crimson Stone Fort recently has been rather eventful and all the factions are preparing to take action. It seems Saber Master—who once controlled one of the factions—has fallen.”

The Life and Death Tower Master said, “I’ve also heard about this but it’s just a rumor with no way for us to confirm if Saber Master had truly fallen. However, the situation in Crimson Stone Fort has indeed been rather eventful recently. It looks like Crimson Stone Fort’s factions will completely fall out with a really huge battle about to happen. Their huge battle is the opportunity we’ve been longing for a long time.”

Nanwu Palace Master had a cold expression on his face. “That’s why it’s unsuitable for us to take action right now. It can be said that the Sword Alliance has risen at the perfect timing as it happens to be when there’ll be some huge shifts happening in the Crimson Stone Fort. We cannot focus on the Sword Alliance if we aim to complete our long-term goals of completely overthrowing the Crimson Stone Fort.”

Both the Life and Death Tower Master and Dongfang Clan Master’s brows slightly furrowed.

It was true that the Sword Alliance had appeared at the perfect timing.

The Sword Alliance appeared when the opportunity they craved for since long ago finally arrived.

Under such circumstances, they had to focus themselves on the Crimson Stone Fort and use all the time they had to prepare themselves so that they could obtain their heart’s desires when the huge changes occurred in the Crimson Stone Fort.

However, if the three of them unite and go against the Sword Alliance at that moment...

Putting aside the fact that the Sword Alliance was supported by outer realm forces which already made it difficult to take action against them, they would also need to expose many of their last resorts which greatly reduced their strength if they really planned to overthrow the Sword Alliance. In addition, Crimson Stone Fort would have more opportunities to prepare themselves. As such, it would mean that they would not have the absolute upper hand when going against the Crimson Stone Fort thereafter.

“There’s nothing we can do as we can only either overthrow the Crimson Stone Fort or the Sword Alliance. I suggest we take action against the Crimson Stone Fort first.” The Life and Death Tower Master slightly narrowed his eyes as he spoke in a low voice.

“In the end, the Sword Alliance is still a young force and their total strength won’t be as domineeringly strong. Even if they are secretly supported by outer realm forces, it won’t be so easy for those outside forces to infiltrate us as this is still the Danyang Holy Domain. The most they can do is supply some resources. The Sword Alliance has grown to its current capacity, which makes it almost impossible for them to further drastically increase their strength. All we need to do is send someone to keep an eye on the Sword Alliance’s movements and stay alert.”

“I too agree. It won’t be too late to take action against the Sword Alliance after everything. The most important matter right now is to go against the Crimson Stone Fort. The three of us have been waiting and laying low for so many years just for such a great opportunity to overthrow the Crimson Stone Fort. Now that the opportunity is here, we cannot get distracted by a mere Sword Alliance,” added Dongfang Clan Master with a serious tone.

“Nanwu, what do you think?” Both the Life and Death Tower Master and Dongfang Clan Master looked over at Nanwu Palace Master.

Nanwu Palace Master smiled softly. “I’ll support it since both of you have made your decision. According to the news Nanwu Palace received, the current Crimson Stone Fort is a tightened bowstring that any slight movement will trigger into a full-blown battle. It won’t be long before that happens and the entire Crimson Stone Fort will be in complete chaos at that time.”

“I’m sure it’ll only take several decades or perhaps even less than forty years for a great battle to completely erupt in the Crimson Stone Fort. We shall put up with the Sword Alliance during this period and unite to wipe them out after we’ve gotten rid of the Crimson Stone Fort.”

“Alright.” Both the Life and Death Tower Master and Dongfang Clan Master also seriously nodded.

The three of them came to a mutual understanding after the brief discussion and slowly left the place.

...

The Sword Alliance’s rise was inevitable.

It was proven that the Sword Alliance had become a pinnacle force following Nanwu Palace, Life and Death Tower, and Dongfang Clan’s silence.

The Sword Alliance then started sweeping through the lands and easily gained control over the many territories that once belonged to the Heavenly Blood Alliance.

Several forces that were located in between were also ruthlessly wiped out by the Sword Alliance at the same time to unite the Sword Alliance’s original territory and those that belonged to the Heavenly Blood Alliance. The Sword Alliance’s territory grew enormously after those forces’ territories had fallen into the Sword Alliance’s hands and soon already surpassed the strength of a first-rated force and were infinitely close to becoming a pinnacle force.

In the Sword Alliance headquarters.

“The Sword Alliance had already taken over the Heavenly Blood Alliance and several second-rated forces’ territories. However, Nanwu Palace, Life and Death Tower, and Dongfang Clan didn’t react at all. It seems like those three families have acknowledged the rise of the Sword Alliance and won’t take action against us before they wipe out Crimson Stone Fort.” Jian Wushuang smiled coldly.

He was able to guess those three pinnacle forces’ plans.

In the end, he had been keeping tabs with Yin Su’er and Palace Keeper Si Zhen—allowing him to understand Crimson Stone Fort’s current situation well.

Those three forces were focusing their energy on the Crimson Stone Fort and could not spare any time for him.

It was exactly what the Sword Alliance wanted.

“Announce my orders—we no longer need to be scrupulous toward anybody starting today. Presumptuously wipe out the surrounding forces and take over as many forces as possible. As for those pinnacle forces, don’t be afraid if their experts come forward. You’re allowed to directly fight them off if possible as I allow small fights but remember not to corner them,” ordered Jian Wushuang.

“Yes, Master.” The Sword Alliance experts obediently received his order.

Xiao Tiexin asked, “Master, although the Sword Alliance can be counted as a pinnacle force right now, we haven’t stabilized ourselves. Won’t it be too over the top if we act so presumptuously? Those pinnacle forces won’t allow us to expand so scrupulously, right?”

Jian Wushuang said, “I’m sure they don’t want to see that happen but they definitely won’t stop us. From the moment they decided to not take action against the Sword Alliance means they have silently acknowledged the Sword Alliance can take over a huge piece of territory and become a pinnacle force. What I’m doing right now is pressuring these pinnacle forces!”