Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2769: Got the Divine Elixir Pills

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Pressure?” Xiao Tiexin was puzzled.

“I want Nanwu Palace, Life and Death Tower and Dongfang Clan, and the already-worn Divine Demon Sect to know that my Sword Alliance is rising at an amazing speed and I have great ambitions to annex and expand. I want all of the top forces to feel that kind of pressure that I will take over them at just any time,” Jian Wushuang explained.

“But why?” Xiao Tiexin was still puzzled.

“Haha, it’s very useful. You just can’t see it yet. Anyway, you just do this according to my instructions.” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

“Yes.” Xiao Tiexin stopped asking any more questions and quickly left.

Jian Wushuang sat there alone with a gleam in his eyes.

“Yin Su’er, I have put enough pressure on those top forces. It’s up to you now. Although I will go all out to help you, you gotta show me what you’ve got a thing or two. You can’t blame me if you’re lousy yourself,” Jian Wushuang mumbled.

Jian Wushuang had done enough.

He had severely ravaged Divine Demon Sect, grew Sword Alliance and scared the other three top forces stiff. The top forces were chary of acting rashly.

Under those circumstances, Yin Su’er should have had enough time for preparation.

Next... Sword Alliance expanded and grew its influence rapidly according to Jian Wushuang’s plans and order; it was like a hungry beast subjugating the forces around them.

Even the top forces were not spared. They were affected by Sword Alliance to a certain extent and they have had contentions.

Fortunately, the altercation did not lead to nasty fights.

In the long run, Sword Alliance had asserted a certain amount of pressure on those top forces. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Life and Death Tower, Dongfang Clan, the badly hit Divine Demon Sect and even Nanwu Palace felt tremendous pressure from Sword Alliance.

That area of growth did not require Jian Wushuang to put in any more effort. While his followers were at work carrying out his plans, he had been working diligently on improving his strength and perception of the laws and sword principles.

He made colossal progress with the two Fengtian Scrolls in his hand.

Three years went past in a blink of an eye.

In the past three years, Sword Alliance had had frequent activities. On the other hand, the other top forces in Danyang Continent, including Crimson Stone Fort, seemed to be extremely calm.

Everyone knew that something was brewing under the seemingly calm surface.

One day...

“Jian Yi, the Divine Elixir Pills you wanted has arrived.” Palace Keeper Si Zhen sent a message.

“So soon?” Jian Wushuang was over the moon when he got the news.

Three years ago, he handed the Holy Treasure level battle saber sword to Yin Su’er and he asked for 50 thousand Divine Elixir Pills in return.

He thought that Yin Su’er would need a longer time to deal with a Holy Treasure level battle saber, but it took only three years for Yin Su’er to sell it off.

Jian Wushuang immediately set off for Holy Palace.

When he arrived at Sacred Palace, Jian Wushuang only spotted Palace Keeper Si Zhen. There was no sight of Yin Su’er.

Then again, it was normal. Tensions were brewing within the Crimson Stone Fort factions during the period of time and all the factions were doing their best to be prepared. Yin Su’er would have had a lot to deal with.

“Haha, Alliance Master Su Han, it’s been a long time.” Palace Keeper Si Zhen let out a hearty laugh when he saw Jian Wushuang.

“Palace Keeper Si Zhen, don’t tease me,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

“I dare not tease you. You are now the Sword Alliance master whereby the Sword Alliance is the top force in Danyang Continents, even Divine Demon Sect has been defeated. I believe that even Fort Master can’t afford to be smug and complacent around your achievement,” Palace Keeper Si Zhen said so as to butter up Jian Wushuang.

Then, Palace Keeper Si Zhen got serious and took out an Interspatial Ring. “Jian Yi, this is given to you by the Fort Master. Your Holy Treasure level battle sword was sold to an Undying Saint for 65 thousand Divine Elixir Pills. According to what you’ve asked before, Fort Master has given you 50 thousand Divine Elixir Pills and the price for your damaged Pinnacle Heavenly Treasure battle armor. We’ve rounded it up to 53 thousand Divine Elixir Pills for you here.”

Jian Wushuang took the Interspatial Ring and he made a careful count of the content with his soul power before nodding. “Please help me to thank Fort Master for these.”

“Fort Master is grateful for you.” Palace Keeper Sizhen smiled, “Earlier, Fort Master had earned a small fortune and benefits from the two hundred and thirty catties Royal Blood Gem you gave her. This time around, you have given her a greater amount of benefits with an extra of 15 thousand Divine Elixir Pills. They came in handy to provide sufficient resources. Major changes are about to take place in Crimson Stone Fort and the Fort Master might not be so sure of her preparation without the blessing.”

“From what I’ve heard, you are saying that your Fort Master is now very sure of how to deal with the situation?” Jian Wushuang smiled.

“I can’t say that we’re very sure but there is still a chance around 30-40 percent. This is just from the Fort Master’s management. If Jian Yi and our sword alliance are willing to help each other at that time, then there is at least a certainty of preservation. Seventy percent of it.” said Palace Keeper Si Zhen.

“30 to 40 percent is not a small amount of assurance. As for Sword Alliance... I will do my best to help out,” Jian Wushuang said.

“That’s good to hear.” Palace Keeper Si Zhen was delighted.

“By the way, what’s going on in Crimson Stone Fort?” Jian Wushuang asked casually.

“Fortunately, although news came out that Saber Master has died, this piece of news has not been confirmed. Therefore, although there were some activities going on in the various factions of Crimson Stone Fort, they had yet to take any serious action. The factions are quietly accumulating and preparing their strength and power. Once the fuse is lighted, Crimson Stone Fort will be completely chaotic and wars will break out. No matter who wins the battle, Crimson Stone Fort would completely solve the never-ending disputes,” said Palace Keeper Si Zhen.

“Then, I will go off first. If something happens in Crimson Stone Fort, just send me a message,” Jian Wushuang said.

“Okay.” Palace Keeper Si Zhen nodded slightly.

Jian Wushuang left immediately.

After returning to Sword Alliance, he immediately found a secret chamber and began to cultivate in seclusion.

“53 thousand Divine Holy Pills added up with the few Divine Holy Pills obtained and accumulated by Saber Master before, it should be enough to make my strength even greater!” Jian Wushuang clasped his hands tight expectantly.

“Let’s start.”

Immediately, Jian Wushuang closed his eyes and began to refine those Divine Elixir Pills.