Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2770: Twenty Five Years

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Time began to pass slowly.

The addition of 53,000 Divine Elixir Pills to the 60,000 Divine Elixir Pills Jian Wushuang had gotten from Saber Master and the others made up to an immense bulk of Divine Elixir Pills. It took an extremely long period of time to consume and refine all of those Divine Elixir Pills. When all was done, Jian Wushuang’s cultivation realm advanced another level as he wished.

He had broken through from the High-level Grand Ultimate God realm to Peak Grand Ultimate God realm.

His overall strength had skyrocketed again.

After the breakthrough of his cultivation realm, Jian Wushuang continued to spend time in seclusion because there had been no major changes in Crimson Stone Fort.

With two Fengtian Scrolls in his hand, his understanding of the Laws and sword principles was progressing at an expeditious speed.

Another twenty-five years had passed in a flash.

In those twenty-five years, Sword Alliance had completely evolved into a top force in Danyang Continent and they did that by overpowering another top force. The Sword Alliance enjoyed a high status, surpassing Divine Demon Sect. In fact, Life and Death Tower and Dongfang Clan seemed to be a rank inferior to Sword Alliance.

In the middle of a huge manor, the golden-robed Jian Wushuang stood with a sword in his hand above the clearing.

His right hand was brandishing his sword.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

Multiple beams of sword light were produced.

Each of those sword lights was extremely poignant and beautiful.

The hazy sword light was fascinating to watch.

The sword light could have easily captivated the opponent if he was fighting against someone.

Space-time Sword Technique, Seventh Form, Enchanted!

Every single sword movement Jian Wushuang cast was from the Enchanted form but it had improved a great deal in power and speed as compared to his form more than 20 years ago.

It was difficult to catch Jian Wushuang’s shadow whenever he was performing the Enchanted form.

Perhaps, not even the High-level Grand Ultimate God could catch him.

After a long time, Jian Wushuang finally stopped his hands’ movements and the fascinating and beautiful sword light dissipated.

Jian Wushuang retracted the sword and stood still, but his brows were furrowed.

“After more than 20 years of meditation, I have made considerable progress in my understanding of the Space-time Law and sword principles. I have also been continuously improving the Enchanted form and it has almost been perfected by me yet, I can’t create the eighth form of Space-time Sword Technique...”

Jian Wushuang felt a little helpless.

Understanding of the laws grew more difficult in progress.

Likewise with the understanding of sword principles.

It was more difficult to create stronger tricks for sword techniques as one made progress.

The seventh form was relatively easy when he created it, but after so many years, he still failed to create the eighth form.

“I probably can’t rely on the understanding of the laws and sword principles to create the eighth form of sword technique. I might have to spar with opponents and gain insights from the battle,” Jian Wushuang muttered.

Suddenly...

Buzz!

A tyrannical aura exploded in the surrounding void without any warning.

However, it only stayed around for a very short time.

Although it only appeared for a brief moment, Jian Wushuang noticed it because he was sensitive to his surroundings and he was so close to the source of the breath of aura.

“This breath of aura...”

The surprised Jian Wushuang immediately went toward the source of that breath of aura.

Jian Wushuang saw a sloppy old man with messy hair walking out of a secret chamber as soon as he arrived at the spot.

The sloppy old man was beaming wide.

“Haha. Strange Old Tong, congratulations!”

Jian Wushuang immediately stepped forward and laughed heartily.

Strange Old Tong was smiling when he heard Jian Wushuang. “I didn’t want to be too ostentatious and I immediately broke it off but I didn’t expect that Alliance Master Su Han would still be alerted.”

“How can I not feel the unique breath of aura of a Peak Grand Ultimate God?” Jian Wushuang smiled.

Peak Grand Ultimate God... Jian Wushuang was shocked because he noticed the breath of aura of a Peak Grand Ultimate God.

And that breath of aura was from Strange Old Tong who stood before him.

Strange Old Tong has stayed in the High-level Grand Ultimate God realm for a long, long time.

During which, he attempted to break through many times but he fell short every single time.

Strange Old Tong finally broke through and set foot on the Peak Grand Ultimate God realm he dreamed of.

He had made extensive preparation and most importantly he had the Huangji Golden Pill given by Jian Wushuang.

The Huangji Golden Pill was coveted by so many Grand Ultimate Gods for obvious reasons.

Jian Wushuang received the five Huangji Golden Pills from the secret realm and gave them to the five Grand Ultimate Gods he recruited. Among them, Grand Ultimate God Jue Xin, Strange Old Snake, Mr An Ying achieved breakthroughs through the Huangji Golden Pills. Lan Junzhu failed, unfortunately.

Strange Old Tong did not consume the Huangji Golden Pill right after he got hold of it. Instead, he spent a lot of time preparing carefully.

He had been preparing for more than ten years and five years ago, he finally began to cultivate in seclusion.

Five years had passed and when Strange Old Tong appeared again, he had finally completed his mission!

“I thought that I would stop at the High-level Grand Ultimate God all my life and not be able to move any further but now it seems that I’m lucky. Of course, this is mainly because of the Huangji Golden Pill that you gave to me. Otherwise, I would probably fail once again. I’ll always remember your kindness,” Strange Old Tong solemnly said.

“You’ve been polite. I used the Huangji Golden Pill to recruit you, Strange Old Tong. I give you the Huangji Golden Pill and you will fight for Sword Alliance for a thousand years. This is a fair deal, how can it be called a kind act? “Jian Wushuang said with a smile. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

“Anyway, I was able to break through all because of you. In addition, you were the reason the Divine Demon Sect was severely ravaged... I won’t say anything more. In short, for the rest of these one thousand years, I will do whatever you ask for as long as it doesn’t go against my principles,” said Strange Old Tong.

“Haha, it is nice to hear this from you.” Jian Wushuang smiled, but he was quite happy.

Strange Old Tong Lao was ranked top among the High-level Grand Ultimate Gods and he was extremely powerful. He could face off one or two ordinary Peak Grand Ultimate Gods. After he had finally made a breakthrough, his strength had skyrocketed. He was estimated to be rather powerful among the many Peak Grand Ultimate Gods.