Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2784: Beheaded!

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Although this young man in silver robes was only a High-level Grand Ultimate God, he had an exceptionally high understanding towards the Space-time Law and he might have even surpassed some Peak Grand Ultimate Gods who were good at the Space-time Law. That was why he was able to react in the shortest period of time when enduring Jian Wushuang’s A Finger Pointing Heavenly Technique and break free.

“This is interesting, let’s see which one of us has a higher understanding towards the Space-time Law then.” Jian Wushuang smiled indifferently and his figure had already met the young man in silver robes.

Clank!

The Blood Mountain Sword in Jian Wushuang’s hands was only simply sent forward but his understanding of the Space-time Law had already been extended. He was incredibly speedy and the sword light contained lots of Space-time Blades that were also extremely powerful.

The mystical weapon that the young man in silver robes used was a weird black sickle. This black sickle cut across the void and left black phantomic figures. They were also filled with a huge amount of Space-time Law power.

Both parties instantly met in the middle of the void.

Clank!

The sound of metal clanking could be heard before Jian Wushuang’s sword principle and the young man in silver robes’ sickle principle completely burst out.

Both parties instantly released their understanding towards the Space-time Law.

Waves after waves of sword lights could be seen flashing outwards and it was dense like a boundless sword sea.

The young man in silver robes’ black sickle also skimmed through the void over and over again, leaving dense, uncountable black phantomic figures.

Clank! Clank! Clank! Clank! Clank! Clank!

The continuous clunking sound of metal could be heard and these two had achieved the ultimate speed. They were obviously comparing speed crazily.

However, they were obviously well matched in such a competition.

“You are actually capable of catching up to my speed, that’s quite good.” Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows.

“You are also the first High-level Grand Ultimate God who can catch up to my speed. Your understanding of the Space-time Law is definitely no lower compared to mine. I won’t be able to win if we’re fighting one on one but it wouldn’t be easy for you to defeat me.” The young man in silver robes yelled.

What he needed to do now was just to stop Jian Wushuang, allowing him no chance to take action in the battlefield so that he would not kill the experts from Heavenly Modest Palace and those under the lead of Blood Thunder King. As for directly defeating Jian Wushuang... He knew from the moment they got in this fight that he was incapable of winning.

“You want to stop me? Just by yourself?” Jian Wushuang smiled coldly. Jian Wushuang slightly raised his left hand when he was still in the middle of the fight with this young man in silver robes.

Hum! Hum! Hum! Hum!

One after another, streams of black lights could be seen flying up.

Apparently, these black light streams were a cold black divine sword, the Infernal Crimson Divine Swords.

A total of nine Infernal Crimson Divine Swords floated in front of Jian Wushuang and these nine divine swords were covered with thick transmigration power.

This scene caused the young man in silver robes to narrow his eyes.

“I forgot to tell you that I’m not only good in Space-time Law, my understanding of the Transmigration Law is no weaker compared to that of the Space-time Law.” Jian Wushuang smiled devilishly. Under his control, the nine Infernal Crimson Divine Swords instantly transformed into nine black light streams and went attacking towards the young man in silver robes.

The expression on the young man in silver robes’ face slightly changed. He backed away speedily followed by a strong wave of the black sickle in his hand.

Instantly, more than a dozen Space-time Blades went bursting out.

The Space-time Blades was something a person was capable of when in the second stage of the Space-time Law, Space-time Strangulation. His level of understanding towards the Space-time Law could be seen from the number of Space-time Blades formed. The young man in silver robes was capable of forming more than 70 Space-time Blades in an instant and such a level was considered quite strong among Peak Grand Ultimate Gods.

However, Jian Wushuang only smiled coldly the same moment this young man in silver robes released the huge number of Space-time Blades. At the same time, he also released a large number of Space-time Blades.

Jian Wushuang formed a total of 80 Space-time Blades at this instance and it was much more compared to the young man in silver robes.

The large number of Space-time Blades collided into one another in the middle of the void and Jian Wushuang, who had more blades, naturally had the upper hand.

The nine Infernal Crimson Divine Swords that went bursting forward still appeared in front of the young man in silver robes without any hindrance.

The facial expression of the young man in silver robes slightly changed. He waved his hands continuously to swing the black sickle outwards and sent all nine Infernal Crimson Divine Swords flying outwards.

“All Sank!” Jian Wushuang suddenly hardened his left hand.

Those nine Infernal Crimson Divine Swords that flew outwards converged speedily in the void. Then, a huge piece of black wood came attacking in a direct manner with overwhelming transmigration power.

Compared to how it was a couple of decades ago, when Jian Wushuang displayed the second sword formation of the Transmigration Sword Formation once again, the power was so much stronger compared to how it was previously.

The huge black wood came attacking in a shattering manner and the power it contained caused a huge change in the facial expression on the young man in the silver robe’s face.

Then, he held the black sickle with both his hands.

Clamor!!

A wave of dark saber light was sent cutting outwards.

This was an enormous saber light and it left a huge saber river in the void. It was extremely powerful and was the extremity of the young man in silver robes’ capability.

However, when it came to the clash between power... Transmigration Law was much stronger than Space-time Law.

The Transmigration Sword Formation Jian Wushuang used was something created by Sword Lord Tong Xin, someone who was once invincible among Undying Saints, and his understanding of the Transmigration Law was also exceptionally high.

As these two parties crashed into each other...

Bang!

With a loud bang, the endless saber river only held for a short while before it dimmed down and broke apart.

The young man in silver robes slightly trembled and blood trickled down the corners of his mouth as his body uncontrollably bursted backwards.

However, his eyes suddenly narrowed as his body was going backwards.

This was because he had already seen the 10,000 feet Golden God crushing everything and coming for him under the overlook of the divine power that filled the sky in front of him.

“No!!” The young man in silver robes was shocked.

However, his figure was on the way to a bursting retreat and he could not stop even if he wanted to. Jian Wushuang was extremely fast and when he caught up, he pointed his right hand again.

It was still A Finger Pointing Heavenly Technique.

This skill had a small effect on that young man in silver robes and it could only pause the Space-time he was in for a very short amount of time. However, Jian Wushuang was in front of him and such a short period of time that seemed irrelevant was enough to cause him his life.

Hum!

A wave of poignant sword light suddenly lit up and it was heartbreakingly beautiful.

There was a hint of confusion in the sword light and it was intoxicating.

This was the seventh style from the Space-time Sword Technique Jian Wushuang invented, Enchanted!

This was also the strongest and fastest sword technique Jian Wushuang had.

The sword light cut through mercilessly and the young man in silver robes was directly beheaded without being able to react!