Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2796: Killing Move

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Palace master Nan Wu had risen from endless slaughter many years ago.

When he rose, countless experts had died at his hands,

and anyone who fought with Palace Master Nan Wu knew that Palace Master Nan Wu was best at close combat! !

Boom! !

Palace Head Nan Wu’s body suddenly expanded to three meters tall, and his body became as sturdy as a bull. On the surface of his sturdy body, there was a layer of black lightning energy covered by a secret manual. His two palms were also covered by Black Lightning, they were like two black thunderclouds.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The two black thunderclouds had the power to topple mountains and overturn seas as they struck out crazily.

In an instant, thunder rumbled, and the surrounding void completely fell into a thunder field.

However, the Thunder Field was quickly torn apart by the terrifying sword essence.

In the center of the battlefield, Jian Wushuang and palace master Nan Wu fought crazily. They exchanged blows again and again.

Both of them exerted their close-combat abilities to the maximum.

Jian wushuang had also displayed his swordsmanship to the fullest.

With the help of the sword principle world, Jian Wushuang’s every move was extremely powerful and fast.

“This kid’s overall strength has increased so much in the sword principle world? His swordsmanship is amazing.”Palace Master Nan Wu did not dare to be careless and attacked with all his strength.

Even so, he and Jian wushuang were evenly matched in a short period of time.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

A low sound of collision echoed in the sky.

In just a few breaths, Jian wushuang and palace master Nan Wu had exchanged hundreds of blows in the void.

Each exchange was extremely fierce. If it were an ordinary divine master, the recoil alone would have been unbearable. However, both Jian Wushuang and palace master Nan Wu were still in their peak condition.

Needless to say, Jian Wushuang had an extremely powerful divine body and the most perfect immortal body. Ordinary people could not hurt him at all. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

As for Palace Master Nan Wu, his divine body was also extremely powerful, so he could completely ignore the recoil.

During the battle, Palace Master Nan Wu also found that Jian wushuang was no weaker than him in close combat!

“I, Nan Wu, rose from the endless slaughter and experienced countless battles and life-and-death battles to improve my close combat ability to this level. I believe that no one in the Pillsun holy world can match me in close combat ability, but Jian Yi... he rose so quickly and obviously hasn’t cultivated for long, but his close combat ability is also so strong?”Palace master Nan Wu was extremely shocked.

What he did not know was that Jian wushuang had only cultivated for a short period of time, but it was only for this life.

In his previous life, he had experienced more killing and life-and-death tests than he had.

In his previous life, he had forged an iron-like temperament and had a lot of experience in close combat. After all, he had the bloodline of the ancient race, and the ancient race’s strongest ability was close combat.

Therefore, Jian Wushuang’s close combat ability had always been very strong, much stronger than that of an ordinary great divine master. He was not weaker than Palace Master Nan Wu at all.

However, even though he was now on par with Palace Master Nan Wu with the support of the sword principle world and domain, Jian wushuang still could not be happy.

After all, he had blocked the attack, but his camp was at an absolute disadvantage in the other battlefields, and the disadvantage was still growing.

“I can’t continue like this. I have to find a way to turn the situation around. As for me, the only way to turn the situation around is to defeat or even kill Palace Master Nan Wu.”Jian wushuang stared at Palace Master Nan Wu with a cold gaze.

Defeat or kill Palace Master Nan Wu?

If it were anyone else in the pill sun sacred world, they would not even dare to think about it.

But he was different!

“It’s difficult to gain the upper hand with the techniques he has just displayed, let alone defeat or kill him. I have no choice but to use my killer move.”Jian wushuang’s face darkened.

He had many techniques and many killer moves.

But now, although he had shown many techniques and some killer moves, he still had the most terrifying killer moves.

Having made up his mind, Jian wushuang, who had been fighting fiercely with Palace Master Nan Wu, immediately retreated.

At the same time, golden divine power surged out from his body.

The golden divine power was vast and mighty. In the blink of an eye, it formed a huge golden divine power sea that filled the heaven and earth.

Behind Jian wushuang, the 30,000-meter-tall Golden Emperor’s eyes suddenly focused, and a golden light suddenly burst out. Then, the 30,000-meter-tall Golden Emperor waved both of his palms at the same time.

The two golden palms spread out in an instant and expanded infinitely, covering the sky and the Sun. One palm covered half of the heaven and earth, and the two palms completely covered the surrounding void.

The two palms slowly closed toward where palace master Nan Wu was.

“Punishment, divine destruction! ! !”

Jian wushuang also shouted.

Terrifying divine power burst out from the two giant palms of the Golden Emperor. At the moment when they slowly closed, the void where Palace Master Nan Wu was was completely confined.

Endless divine power crazily pressed toward Palace Master Nan Wu.

The divine destruction that came with the divine law divine realm was a move that relied on a large amount of divine power to annihilate the opponent.

This move consumed a lot of divine power, but its power was earth-shaking.

With Jian Wushuang’s current strength of divine power, it was difficult for an ordinary peak divine master to survive this move.

However, the one who was enduring this move was palace master Nan Wu, the publicly recognized number one expert in the pill-sun continent.

“This move seems to be quite powerful.”

Sensing the surroundings slowly closing in on him and the endless divine power pressing toward him, even palace master Nan Wu’s eyes suddenly focused.

Immediately, a large amount of black thunderbolt power swept out from Palace Master Nan Wu’s body. In the blink of an eye, the black thunderbolt power covered his entire body. The black thunderbolt power that filled the sky formed a huge ancient strange beast around him, this ancient strange beast had four huge heads.

After taking shape, these four huge heads charged towards the two huge palms that were closing in from the surroundings.

In the blink of an eye, these four huge strange beast heads collided with the two huge golden palms.

Rumble ~ ~ ~

The world trembled. The sound of majestic divine power being crazily squeezed together with the sound of lightning energy sweeping through the void reverberated throughout the entire battlefield.