Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2821: The Hell Blood Divine Sword, a Top-Tier Heavenly Treasure

——

The first way was to improve his cultivation level.

His current cultivation level was only at the peak divine venerate level. It was only because of the black stone in his body that the divine power aura he emitted increased by two levels, causing people to think that he was a high-level Great Divine Master. In fact, he was still far from being a high-level Great Divine Master.

And once he took another step forward and broke through from a Peak Heavenly Master to a low-level Great Divine Master, it would definitely be a huge improvement for him.

Just in terms of the strength of his divine power, it was a leap.

At that time, when he used all his secret techniques, the strength of his divine power would be comparable to that of an Invincible Divine Master like the Marquis of Three Yin. It might even be slightly stronger. In addition, he had made his ultimate technique and comprehension of the rules.., his understanding of the Dao had reached the limit of a divine master, so his battle strength must be at the level of an invincible divine master. Therefore, if he fought with the Marquis of Three Yin again, he would not be weaker than the Marquis of Three Yin, let alone have a high chance of winning.

Unfortunately, he would not be able to see it in a short time.

After all, it required a lot of divine power to break through from a peak divine master to an elementary great divine master.

Although Jian Wushuang had absorbed more than 200,000 saint elixirs, he had only accumulated less than two-thirds of his divine power. Therefore, he estimated that he needed to absorb at least 150,000 saint elixirs before he could breakthrough. However, under such circumstances, he could not find so many saint elixirs.

Naturally, he could not breakthrough in a short time.

As for the second path...

“Reincarnation Sword Formation!” Jian Wushuang could not help narrowing his eyes.

Jian Wushuang had already experienced how powerful the reincarnation sword formation created by Sword Master Tongxin was.

Moreover, he had used the second reincarnation sword formation for a long time because the nine Netherblood divine swords, which were the magic weapons that formed the reincarnation sword formation, were too low-level.

They were only nine standard magic weapons at the level of ordinary heavenly treasures, so they could not fully display the power of the reincarnation sword formation. Therefore, the reincarnation sword formation had not played a big role in the previous battles. In fact, Jian Wushuang knew that the power of the sword formation was awe-inspiring.

Moreover, he had put all his efforts into space-time swordsmanship and did not delve into samsara swordsmanship.

The samsara sword formation purely reflected his comprehension of the samsara rules. Only when the samsara sword formation was combined with the space-time swordsmanship that he created himself could he fully utilize his comprehension of the space-time and samsara rules, this was his peak battle strength.

And now, he urgently needed a stronger sword-type standard magic weapon!

“Star-point Pavilion!”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes flashed with a bright light.

Star-point Pavilion was one of the super forces in the Nine Realms of the Golden Crow. It was extremely transcendent.

It was publicly recognized as the number one chamber of commerce in the Nine Realms of the Golden Crow. It had many branches in various realms, but it only dealt in business and never participated in the fights between the various realms.

Previously, when Jian Wushuang dealt with the 230-pound blood wilderness emperor essence and the battle saber of the holy treasure level, he did not choose the Star Pavilion because the two treasures were too valuable. If he sold them to the Star Pavilion, he would not get the most benefits. However, if he wanted to buy some treasures, the Star Pavilion was the best choice.

The Danyang Continent was the core of the Danyang Sacred World. Naturally, there were three branches of the Star Pavilion here!

Jian Wushuang went directly to one of the branches. The deacon in the branch quickly recognized him, and then the branch manager came to pick him up personally.

In a secret room.

“Master Sword One, what can the Star Pavilion do for You?” Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The purple-robed manager of the branch stood in front of Jian Wushuang with a humble smile and a hint of respect in his words and actions.

This was normal. In the Pill Sun Sacred World, everyone who had some knowledge knew Sword One, the chief of the Sword Alliance?

He was widely recognized as the number one expert in the Pill Sun Sacred World.

The purple-robed supervisor was only an Advanced Divine Master. Although he was from the Point Star Pavilion, the difference in strength still made him somewhat respectful of Jian Wushuang.

“I need a few standard divine weapons of sword type. The higher-level ones should be at least superior divine treasures,” Jian Wushuang said.

“Superior divine weapons of sword type?” The purple-robed supervisor’s expression changed.

“I’ve been using the netherblood divine sword before, but it’s only an ordinary divine treasure. So I wonder if there’s a superior divine treasure-level netherblood divine sword in the Point Star Pavilion?” Jian Wushuang asked.

He had used the netherblood divine sword when he used the reincarnation sword formation.

He was the most familiar with the use of the netherblood divine sword. If possible, he would like to use the netherblood divine sword to perform the reincarnation sword formation at the level of a superior divine treasure.

“I do have a netherblood divine sword at the level of a superior divine treasure in the Star Pavilion. However, the netherblood divine sword is very famous among all the standard divine weapons of the sword category. Its power is also extreme, so its value is naturally higher,” the purple-robed supervisor said.

“How much?” Jian Wushuang asked.

“If it’s a superior divine treasure-level magic weapon, our Star-point Pavilion will only sell it at the price of holy elixirs. So, for example, a superior divine treasure-level Ming Xue Divine family requires 500 holy elixirs. Can you accept this price, sir?” The purple-robed supervisor said with a smile.

“500 holy elixirs for one?” Jian Wushuang frowned.

As far as he knew, an ordinary superior divine treasure-level offensive divine weapon only cost around 300 to 400 sacred elixirs.

A standard divine weapon should have a lower value. However, the underworld blood divine sword was powerful, so it was exceptional among divine weapons of the same level. Therefore, it was worth 500 sacred elixirs.

“500 sacred elixirs is acceptable,” Jian Wushuang said.

“How many do you need, sir?” The purple-robed supervisor looked at him with a smile.

Jian Wushuang pondered.

He had only needed nine netherblood divine swords to form the reincarnation sword formation.

But that was because he had only used the first and second sword formations. However, he needed 18 sword-type magic weapons from the third sword formation to form the sword formation!

“I’ve already controlled the second reincarnation sword formation long ago. Furthermore, with my current understanding of the laws of reincarnation, I can completely unleash the power of the second reincarnation sword formation. Next, I will naturally try to control the third sword formation. At that time, I will need a total of eighteen divine swords!”

“Other than that, just eighteen is still a little too little. Previously, when I fought with Palace Master Nan Wu, nine netherblood divine swords were destroyed by him. This has reminded me. From now on, when I use the reincarnation sword formation to fight with others, if I clash head-on, the Sword Alliance will inevitably collapse due to the opponent’s power. Furthermore, the divine swords that form the Sword Alliance might also be damaged. Therefore, I have to prepare a few more netherblood divine swords. So it’s better to be prepared.”