Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2822: The Third Level of the Samsara Sword Formation

——

Jian Wushuang thought to himself and quickly made up his mind.

“Give me 20 netherblood divine swords in the superior heavenly treasure level. This is 10,000 saint elixirs. Please count them.” Jian Wushuang took out an interspatial ring.

Previously, when the four superior forces had submitted, Jian Wushuang had obtained a large number of saint elixirs in one go. Including the ones that had killed Palace Master Nan Wu and the others, there were more than 200,000 saint elixirs.

He had refined most of the saint elixirs, but he had kept some for himself.

There were exactly 10,000 saint elixirs, and he had used them all.

Taking the interspatial ring, the purple-robed supervisor glanced at it and nodded slightly. “Please wait for a moment, sir. I’ll send you the underworld blood divine swords right away.”

The purple-robed supervisor went down to prepare.

He appeared in front of Jian Wushuang two hours later and handed him the interspatial ring containing 20 netherblood divine swords of the superior divine treasure level.

After confirming that there were no mistakes, Jian Wushuang left the Point Star Pavilion directly.

In the middle of a vast and boundless mountain range.

There were all kinds of mountains standing in this mountain range. These mountains had yellow and dry hair. This was a desolate mountain range that was usually uninhabited.

Jian Wushuang was standing in the void in the middle of the mountain range. He slowly raised his hand.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Nine black swords with endless reincarnation power appeared out of thin air and floated in front of him.

Each of the nine underworld blood divine swords was extremely powerful, even slightly stronger than ordinary superior heavenly treasures.

The power of reincarnation contained in the swords was naturally stronger.

“Go!”

Jian Wushuang said softly.

The nine underworld blood divine swords in front of him instantly turned into nine streams of black light and shot out through the void.

Their speed was the same, but when the nine underworld blood divine swords pierced through the void, their power was much stronger than when Jian Wushuang had only used ordinary divine treasures.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Each stream of light pierced through the void with a shocking sound.

Under Jian Wushuang’s control, the nine netherblood divine swords split into nine different directions and attacked the nine different mountains on the side.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

A total of nine loud sounds rang out almost at the same time.

The nine mountains, which were originally lofty, were pierced through at the same time. As a result, a huge spiral-shaped hole was pierced through the center of the mountain, but the mountain did not collapse.

“As expected, I am the most familiar with the control of the underworld blood divine sword and the perfect control of power. The nine underworld blood divine swords flew out at the same time, but not a trace of divine power leaked out.” Jian Wushuang smiled. “Not only is the control of power the most perfect, but the power of the underworld blood divine sword is also much stronger than before!”

“I’m not using any secret techniques right now. I’m just relying on my own divine power and my comprehension of the laws of reincarnation to drive the nine netherblood divine swords with all my might. Any one of them would be as powerful as an attack from a high-level great deity. If I were to go all out and use all my secret techniques and trump cards to control the nine netherblood divine swords, I’m afraid that any one of them would have the power of a Peak Great Deity!”

“By then, the nine netherblood divine swords will be equivalent to nine Divine Masters at the peak.”

“In addition, I haven’t really used the sword formation yet.”

Jian Wushuang smiled and moved his mind. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Nine swords in one, all things sink!”

Buzz!

The nine netherblood divine swords that were originally scattered were completely combined in the blink of an eye.

In an instant, a huge black tree that was emitting a shocking power immediately formed...

It was also a huge black tree, but the moment this huge black tree appeared, it was surrounded by many mysterious reincarnation vortexes. The power it carried was far from what it could compare to in the past.

Bang!

The huge black tree suddenly struck out, directly striking the largest mountain in front of it.

The giant mountain was instantly pierced through by the impact of the giant black tree. Under the violent impact, the entire mountain immediately collapsed.

“This power is at least ten times stronger than when I used nine ordinary divine treasures, the Underworld Blood Divine Sword!” Jian Wushuang’s eyes flashed with a bright light.

This was normal.

Ordinary divine treasures were two levels weaker than superior divine treasures, so the difference in power was shocking.

“When I fought Palace Master Nan Wu, I tried my best to use the second level of the Samsara Sword Formation, but he easily defeated me. Now, with the same level of divine power, I should be able to suppress him with this sword formation,” Jian Wushuang muttered.

Moreover, this was only the second level of the sword formation.

With Jian Wushuang’s current understanding of the samsara rule, he could try to master the third level of the sword formation.

“Although the Heaven Void Palace Master has given the order, it will take some time for the Heaven Void Army to gather and rush from the Heaven Void World to the territory of the Pill Sun Sacred World. During this time, I can try my best to master the third level of the samsara sword formation.”

Jian Wushuang made up his mind.

Immediately, he began to practice the third reincarnation sword formation in this desolate mountain range.

The third reincarnation sword formation was called reincarnation drunk!

Under normal circumstances, one could only fully control this move when one’s comprehension of the reincarnation rule reached the limit of a divine master. However, Jian Wushuang was very close to this level now, so he could try to achieve this step in the process of mastering the exercise.

“Let’s begin!”

Taking a deep breath, Jian Wushuang raised his hand again.

Another nine netherblood divine swords flew out. So, including the previous nine, there were a total of 18!

The 18 netherblood divine swords were the basic conditions for forming the third reincarnation sword formation.

“Condense!”

As Jian Wushuang pointed from afar, the 18 netherblood divine swords instantly began to condense in the void in front of him.

The 18 underworld blood divine swords condensed at a very fast speed.

In the blink of an eye, a brand-new black divine sword was about to be formed.

But at the last moment... with a bang, the many divine swords scattered.

“Did I fail?”

Jian Wushuang looked at this scene, but he was not discouraged at all.

He knew very well that it would take time for him to truly control the third sword formation.

It was impossible for him to succeed in the first attempt.

“Continue!”

Jian Wushuang regrouped and soon began the second attempt.

Bang!

The sword formation collapsed for the second time.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The third, fourth, fifth time... Jian Wushuang kept trying.

He failed again and again, summarizing his experience and the unique laws contained in the sword formation. But, most importantly, while he was practicing, he was also comprehending the reincarnation rules.

Time passed, and in the blink of an eye, one year and four months had passed.