Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2826: Another Battle With the Marquis of Three Yin

——

“Another battle?”

Jian Wushuang looked at Marquis Three Yin with interest.

He was not stupid.

Now that the experts of the two worlds were fighting, the Marquis of Three Yin had come to fight with him before the battle had even begun. It was clear that he wanted to defeat Jian Wushuang and give a blow to the morale of the camp of the Pill Sun Sacred World, so as to give the Heavenly Void Army a greater advantage.

If it were more than a year ago, Jian Wushuang would have never accepted the challenge.

But now...

To be honest, he really wanted to have a face-to-face fight with the Marquis of Three Yin. Now was the chance.

“If you want to fight, then let’s fight!”

Jian Wushuang’s voice shook the sky. He had already agreed directly.

“You are so bold.” The corners of the Marquis of Three Yin’s mouth curled up slightly.

When Yin Su’er and the others saw Jian Wushuang accept the challenge, their expressions changed.

They all knew that Jian Wushuang was not as strong as the Marquis of Three Yin.

The last time they fought, more than a year ago, although the Marquis of Three Yin could not defeat Jian Wushuang...

If they fought again now, it would be a blow to the morale of the experts in the camp of the Pill Sun Sacred World.

“Mr. Sword One.” Yin Su’er could not help but look at Jian Wushuang.

“Don’t worry. Since I dare to fight, I’m sure of it.” Jian Wushuang smiled.

Seeing this, Yin Su’er did not say anything more.

Whoosh!

Jian Wushuang rushed forward and met the Marquis of Three Yin in the middle of the two camps.

“Sword One, I know you’re a real genius, but no matter how great a genius you are, I’m afraid your strength won’t improve much in just a year.” The Marquis of Three Yin stared at Jian Wushuang.

“You’ll know when you try.” Jian Wushuang smiled.

Rumble! Boundless golden divine power surged out from his body, and a 30,000-meter-tall Golden Emperor Phantom soon appeared behind him. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The seven-star power in his body also began to be activated.

Jian Wushuang used the seven-star secret skill, punishment divine realm expert, and the nine luminaries star armor in an instant, and his battle strength reached its peak.

At the same time, buzz! buzz!

Layers of domains were completely unleashed.

The Golden Light Realm, Star Armor Realm, punishment prison, and Sword Principle World were perfectly combined, and they pressed toward the Marquis of Three Yin crazily.

“This move again? Even the power is the same. It seems that you haven’t improved at all in the past year.” The Marquis of Three Yin sneered, and a pair of scarlet claw gloves appeared in his hands.

The Marquis of Three Yin put on the claw gloves. There were five sharp claws on the scarlet claw gloves, which were as long as the sharp claws of a fierce beast and extremely sharp and cold.

“If you have any tricks, just use them,” Jian Wushuang said calmly.

“As you wish.” The Marquis of Three Yin gave a strange smile, but his body suddenly moved.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Numerous afterimages flashed in the void in front of Jian Wushuang.

Even under the crazy pressure of the realm, the Marquis of Three Yin’s speed was still far faster than an ordinary person’s.

Even compared to Jian Wushuang’s ultimate speed, he was a little faster.

His figure appeared in front of Jian Wushuang like a ghost, and then he mercilessly clawed out with his ice-cold claws.

The void seemed to be torn apart.

“Humph!”

Jian Wushuang snorted, and the Blood Mountain Sword in his hand immediately went up to meet him.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The dense sounds of collision kept ringing out, and both of them had reached their maximum speed.

Fast, really fast.

At least, most of the experts from both sides who were watching the battle could not catch their shadows.

“Haha, it’s the same scene as the last one and the same ending.” The Marquis of Three Yin laughed loudly in the fierce battle.

“The same scene? Really?” Jian Wushuang gave a strange smile.

The two sides continued to compete in speed, but suddenly, Jian Wushuang raised his left hand slightly...

“Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish!”

Streams of black light shot out like black lightning.

The speed of these black streams of light was strange, and the key was their power.

The Marquis of Three Yin, who was relying on his own speed to suppress Jian Wushuang, could not help but change his expression. He also subconsciously retreated.

As he retreated, he waved his sharp claws and sent the black streams of light flying.

After the black streams of light were sent flying, they quickly floated in the void in front of Jian Wushuang. It was only then that they could clearly see that the black streams of light were black divine swords that emitted a powerful aura and the power of reincarnation.

The black divine swords lined up in a row and floated there. After careful counting, there were a total of 18 of them!

“This is...” The Marquis of Three Yin frowned as he looked at the 18 black divine swords.

“This is a sword formation. I’m afraid you didn’t see it when I fought with you last time. Now, I’ll show you the power of my sword formation,” Jian Wushuang said with a faint smile. In an instant, under his control, 18 black divine swords burst out, they turned into 18 bolts of black lightning and burst out.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Under Jian Wushuang’s many secret skill trump cards, each black divine sword was accompanied by powerful power. Each black divine sword’s power was close to the strength of a peak great divine master, but the key point was that there were a total of 18 black divine swords.

The 18 black divine swords madly rushed toward the Marquis of Three Yin from all directions.

Even though the Marquis of Three Yin was powerful, he had to defend with all his strength at this moment.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

After a series of dense metal colliding sounds, the eighteen black divine swords were sent flying again by the Marquis of Three Yin.

“Humph, it’s just a little more, but it’s not that powerful. Do you think you can do anything to me with such a method?” The Marquis of Three Yin’s voice was cold, and a layer of blood-colored fog had already spread out from his body.

“It’s too early for you to be happy.” Jian Wushuang sneered and then...

Buzz! Buzz!

Under Jian Wushuang’s control, the black swords directly overlapped and combined at an amazing speed.

The 18 long swords gathered in two directions at the same time. Each of the nine swords became one, and finally, they formed two sword formations at the same time!

In the second level of the Samsara Sword Formation, everything was heavy!

The power of the Samsara Sword Formation was powerful. Although the second level of the sword formation could be formed by controlling nine divine swords, it required a lot of divine power to control only one sword formation. It also required 18 divine swords to control two sword formations at the same time, only Jian Wwushuang, who had perfect control over the sword formation and extremely strong divine power and consciousness, could do this.

The two sword formations consisted of two giant black trees, each of which carried a shocking power.

In a flash, they attacked the Marquis of Three Yin from both sides.