Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2846: Hungry?

——

The supreme sword intent contained within the ear-piercing sword chime was earth-shattering!

The commotion it caused was simply too great.

In the Sacred Dragon and Phoenix city, those who stood at the peak were all alarmed, and their gazes all focused on the Fire Cloud Castle.

They all knew that a great change had occurred within the Fire Cloud Castle.

However, although the top super existences were shocked, the ordinary cultivators were not affected except for those around Fire Cloud Castle. They did not even notice the change.

Fire Cloud Castle, at the bottom of the largest volcano.

“This sword essence is so high-level!”

Jian Wushuang was still standing outside the fire sea. In the Holy Heavenly Furnace at the center of the fire sea, he could clearly feel the shocking sword essence from the Blood Mountain Sword. Naturally, he was even more shocked.

“A single drop of blood essence is not the limit of this divine sword. My friend, do you still have blood essence?” Lord Mo, who was standing beside the Holy Heavenly Furnace, looked at Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang did not say anything. With a flip of his hand, two more drops of blood essence appeared in his hand.

Looking at these two drops of blood essence, Lord Mo’s pupils suddenly shrank.

These two drops of blood essence were clearly the same as the one that had just been dropped into the Holy Heavenly Furnace.

“Go!”

Jian Wushuang sent the second drop of blood essence into the Holy Heavenly Furnace.

In an instant, the supreme sword essence that had already been extremely powerful burst out from the Holy Heavenly Furnace once again soared!

And it soared several times!

Seeing this scene, Jian Wushuang did not stop and continued to send the third drop of blood essence into the Holy Heavenly Furnace.

After the blood essence was absorbed by the Blood Mountain Sword, the sword essence that burst out from the Blood Mountain Sword soared to another level.

“Hasn’t it reached its limit?” Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes.

He was connected to the Blood Mountain Sword’s heart blood, so he could clearly sense the desire of the Blood Mountain Sword.

It was obvious that the Blood Mountain Sword wanted more. It wanted more of his essence blood.

However, this made Jian Wushuang worried.

After all, there was not a lot of essence blood like ordinary blood.

Essence blood required a long time for a cultivator to accumulate and condense. It took a lot of time.

When he was refining the golden armor in the witch desert wilderness, Jian Wushuang knew that he would be able to use his essence blood to fuse with the Blood Mountain Sword. Therefore, he began to condense and accumulate his essence blood.

Even so, he had only condensed four drops of essence blood.

He had diluted one drop of the four drops of essence blood into 100 drops. The quality was not up to standard.

He had given the remaining three drops to the Blood Mountain Sword, but they still could not meet the requirements of the sword.

“There is no more complete blood essence. Try the defective one.”

Jian Wushuang immediately waved his hand and took out a jade bottle, which contained drops of broken blood essence.

Each drop was no better than the one given to Lord Mo.

Master Mo was shocked to see this.

Then Jian Wushuang threw the drops of essence blood into the Holy Heavenly Furnace.

However, when the essence blood was thrown into the Holy Heavenly Furnace, it only made the flames in the Holy Heavenly Furnace abnormally strong. Jian Wushuang found that the Blood Mountain Sword did not absorb the essence blood at all. It could have absorbed it, but it deliberately did not.

It was as if the Blood Mountain Sword despised the blood essence.

Yes, it despised it.

The Blood Mountain Sword had absorbed three drops of perfect blood essence in a row. How could it be willing to absorb the defective blood essence?

“This little thing...”

Jian Wushuang felt bitter in his heart. He did not continue to throw the blood essence into the Blood Mountain Sword. It was purely a waste. The Blood Mountain Sword did not absorb it at all.

“Sword One, do you have the higher level blood essence from before?” Lord Mo looked at Jian Wushuang.

“I only have three drops, and I have used them all. However, my magic weapon has not absorbed it to its limit. Its intelligence tells me that it is still very hungry!” Jian Wushuang said.

“Very hungry?” Lord Mo frowned, then he said in a low voice, “The weapon spirit of your magic sword is very smart. After absorbing the three drops of essence blood, it no longer cares about the other essence blood. Now, it’s impossible to absorb the essence blood for it. Why don’t you try to absorb some other treasures, such as some genius earthly treasures?”

“Genius earthly treasures?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed, and then he took out the 12,000-pound Blood Wilderness Emperor Crystal.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This Blood Wilderness Emperor Crystal should be the most precious genius earthly treasure in his hands. It was extremely expensive and could be exchanged for 1.5 million saint elixirs.

If it were any other time, Jian Wushuang would not be willing to take it out. But now, he was not stingy with the Blood Mountain Sword, which had been with him for God knows how many years.

Without any hesitation, Jian Wushuang threw the Blood Wilderness Emperor Crystal into the Holy Heavenly Furnace.

After the Blood Wilderness Emperor Crystal entered the Holy Heavenly Furnace, Jian Wushuang immediately found that the Blood Mountain Sword had begun to absorb the Blood Wilderness Emperor Crystal.

“Sure enough, it’s not interested in blood essence, but it’s interested in other treasures.” A smile appeared on Jian Wushuang’s face. “Little guy, eat up. Eat more. The more you eat, the stronger your power will be.”

Jian Wushuang was full of expectation.

However, this expectation only lasted for a moment, and then he was stunned. The 12,000-pound Blood Wilderness Emperor Crystal that he threw into the Holy Heavenly Furnace had been completely devoured by the Blood Mountain Sword, but the Blood Mountain Sword sent him a message, he was still very hungry.

“Is he still hungry?” Jian Wushuang said with a bitter face.

“The Blood Wilderness Emperor Crystal is already the most precious treasure in my hands. As for the other treasures that can be given to you, although there are some, they are not very valuable. You can eat them yourself.”

With a wave of his hand, Jian Wushuang took out one treasure after another and threw them directly at the Holy Heavenly Furnace.

Over the years, he had fought everywhere, killed countless experts, and even killed many Great Divine Masters.

These experts had all kinds of treasures on them, so naturally, there were many natural treasures.

Jian Wushuang put all these natural treasures together. He had planned to sell all of them in the future in exchange for some holy elixirs. But now, in order to satisfy the Blood Mountain Sword, he threw all these natural treasures into the Holy Heavenly Furnace without any pity.

As soon as the treasures entered the Holy Heavenly Furnace, the higher-level ones were immediately devoured by the Blood Mountain Sword. As for the lower-level ones, the Blood Mountain Sword did not bother with them at all.

“He has a big appetite, and he is very crafty.” Jian Wushuang could not help but sigh when he saw this scene.

After a long time, all the treasures in Jian Wushuang’s body had been thrown into the Holy Heavenly Furnace. However, they still could not satisfy the Blood Mountain Sword’s appetite.

#