Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2849: Potential

——

Jian Wushuang’s expression changed.

Magic weapons and treasures were divided into earthly treasures, heavenly treasures, holy treasures, and legendary supreme treasures.

Among them, earthly treasures and heavenly treasures were only ordinary to the top, but at the level of holy treasures, the division was even more obvious.

Holy treasures were divided into third-grade, second-grade, first-grade, and supreme-grade holy treasures. Each level was also divided from ordinary to the top.

For example, the holy treasure-level saber that Jian Wushuang had gotten from the secret realm and given to Yin Su’er to handle was only a third-grade holy treasure.

The Blood Mountain Sword in Jian Wushuang’s hand, in terms of power, should be at the top of the third grade, barely reaching the second grade. However, because of the sharpness of the Blood Mountain Sword, it would be more effective in Jian Wushuang’s hand than many second-grade holy treasures.

As for the potential mentioned by Mo Tao...

Any natal magic weapon had potential.

This potential depended on many factors, such as the materials used to refine it, the level of the blacksmith, the strength of the blood essence, and so on.

The greater the potential, the greater the room for the natal magic weapon to grow in the future.

For example, the golden armor that Jian Wushuang had refined from Master Kun, a fourth-grade weapon refiner, in the witch desert waste domain was only limited to an ordinary waste domain. The materials used to refine it was very ordinary, so a fourth-grade weapon refiner’s standard was naturally not that high, even if the golden armor had undergone a substantial transformation and possessed a certain potential because of the integration of Jian Wushuang’s own blood essence, according to Jian Wushuang’s estimation, it would at most reach the level of a supreme-grade holy treasure.

In other words, no matter how much Jian Wushuang’s strength increased in the future, the golden armor would at most reach the level of a supreme-grade holy treasure. It was impossible for it to become a legendary supreme-grade holy treasure unless it was reforged. This was the potential of a natal weapon.

Mo Tao used to be a top-notch seventh-grade blacksmith. When he forged a natal weapon, the materials used to forge it was also very rare. Naturally, the natal weapons he forged had extraordinary potential. Even the weakest could reach the level of a supreme-grade holy treasure, this could already be considered very impressive.

“The strongest treasure that I refined before was something that the Bone Emperor asked me to refine. That treasure has great potential. As long as the Bone Emperor’s own strength can reach it, he has a chance to become a supreme-grade treasure. Unfortunately, that treasure of the Bone Emperor is far, far inferior to this divine sword of yours.” Mo Tao sighed.

“This magic weapon of yours has no flaws. It’s the most perfect natal magic weapon. Now that it’s fused with your three drops of essence blood, its potential has been stimulated. In the future, as long as you keep up with your strength, it can continue to grow and become a supreme treasure, even a top-notch supreme treasure.”

“Moreover, this is far from the limit of your magic sword.”

“Oh?” Jian Wushuang looked at Mo Tao.

“Sword One, you should have noticed that the essence blood you have absorbed during the refining process is far from the true requirements of your magic sword,” Mo Tao said.

“I noticed.” Jian Wushuang nodded slightly.

During the refining process, he had only absorbed three drops of his own essence blood for the Blood Mountain Sword, which was obviously not the limit of the sword. However, he had already used up his own essence blood. He had intended to use the diluted essence blood to replace it, who knew that the Blood Mountain Sword’s appetite was so bad that it no longer cared about the low-end blood essence.

Therefore, in the end, he could only feed the Blood Mountain Sword with a large number of weapon-making materials and some natural treasures.

“Those weapon-making materials and natural treasures are just to satisfy your sword’s appetite, but you haven’t really developed the sword. Therefore, there is still a lot of room for your sword’s potential in the future. Of course, the prerequisite is that you have more blood essence,” Mo Tao said.

Hearing this, Jian Wushuang smiled.

He also saw that there was still room for further development of the Blood Mountain Sword. However, the Blood Mountain Sword was only interested in his perfect blood essence. However, it was not easy to condense his blood essence. He needed a lot of time to accumulate it.

Moreover, he was only a Divine Master, so it did not take him too long to condense his blood essence. However, as his realm continued to improve and the strength of his divine power continued to increase, it would become more difficult to condense his blood essence. When that time came, just condensing a drop of blood essence... it would take thousands of years to condense a drop of blood essence.

At that time, it would not be easy for him to accumulate enough blood essence for the Blood Mountain Sword.

“Not only do you need enough blood essence, but after this refinement, it will be impossible for me, a mere eighth-grade blacksmith, to infuse blood essence into the sword again. Even a ninth-grade blacksmith might not be able to do so. Therefore, you can only go to the third heaven and look for rare blacksmiths who have surpassed the ninth grade. They might have a way,” Mo Tao said.

“So troublesome?” Jian Wushuang frowned.

After all, the accumulation of blood essence only needed time, and he could accept it.

But to merge the blood essence into the Blood Mountain Sword again, he needed a weapon refiner of the ninth grade and above?

The highest level of weapon refining was the ninth grade. The primordial divine world was vast, and there might be weapon refiners above the ninth grade, but it was not easy to find them. Even if he found them, it would be very difficult to get them to agree to help him refine weapons, it would also be extremely difficult.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“There’s no rush. The current potential of the Blood Mountain Sword is enough for me. As for further improvement... I’ll think of something later when my strength continues to increase and I have sufficient capital,” Jian Wushuang thought to himself.

“My young friend Sword One, there’s something...” Mo Tao continued to look at Jian Wushuang, but he wanted to say something, but he hesitated, and his expression was clearly a little awkward.

“Brother Mo, what’s the matter? Just tell me,” Jian Wushuang said.

“It’s like this. I saw that you took out a lot of blood essence during the refining process, and the purity of the blood essence seems to be the same as the drop you gave me. If I’m not wrong, you used your own blood essence to decompose the blood essence, right?” Mo Tao asked.

“Yes.” Jian Wushuang nodded slightly.

“Well... do you have any more of this decomposed blood essence?” Mo Tao looked at Jian Wushuang eagerly.

Seeing Mo Tao’s expression, Jian Wushuang instantly understood what he wanted.

“Brother Mo, do you want this blood essence? I do have some.” Jian Wushuang waved his hand, and one jade bottle after another appeared.

The jade bottle contained drops of essence blood that were less than 1% of his original purity.

#