Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2857: Chu Shi

——

It was very normal. Chi Ming was the Young Pavilion Master of one of the Four Star Pavilions, and his strength was infinitely close to that of an invincible reverent god.

Whether it was in terms of identity or his own strength, he was slightly stronger than Young Master Qu. After comparing the two of them, Young Master Qu definitely could not compare to that of Xuan Ming.

“Haha, Young Master Qu, I heard that you went to Fire Cloud Castle not long ago and wanted to ask Lord Mo to refine a special treasure for you. That special treasure should be for Young Phoenix, right?” Chi Ming said with a strange smile.

“It has nothing to do with you, right?” Young Master Qu said in a low voice.

Chi Ming raised his eyebrows but did not ask any more questions. Instead, he walked directly into the mountain gate. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The experts in front of the mountain gate immediately went up to welcome him.

Jian Wushuang watched the scene from the front to the back and smiled playfully. “The Young Phoenix of the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion is really attractive. The young master of Realm Lord Tian Qu and the young master of the Star Pavilion is both her suitors?”

Jian Wushuang did not linger and directly walked into the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion.

As soon as he entered the pavilion, someone immediately led him to a huge martial arts practice field.

The martial arts practice field was boundless and was the place where the disciples of the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion usually competed. This time, the Dragon-phoenix list was held here.

On the martial arts practice field, a large number of experts stood there. These experts came from all over the world.

“There are a lot of people.” Jian Wushuang smiled.

He also noticed that most of the people who came to Dragon-phoenix Pavilion to attend the ceremony were not weak. At least, more than 90% of the experts in the martial arts practice field were experts above the Great Divine Master level. Only a few Divine Masters were involved.

However, most of the Divine Masters here had a certain background.

It could be said that this ceremony was an extremely high-end event in the Nine Realms of the Golden Crow.

It would take some time before the Dragon-phoenix list was officially opened. Jian Wushuang found a random corner and waited there quietly.

However, not far from him…

A black-clothed girl with a slightly evil face opened her eyes wide and looked at the crowd in front of her.

“There are so many people, and most of them are experts at the Great Divine Master level. There must be hundreds of Great Divine Master level experts here, right?” The black-clothed girl exclaimed in surprise.

“There are true.” Beside the black-clothed girl, a burly man carrying a dark golden stone staff on his back nodded slightly. “The opening of the Dragon-phoenix ranking has an extraordinary meaning to our Dragon-phoenix Pavilion. This time, Lord Pavilion Master has specially released the news long ago and sent out invitations widely. Experts from various forces in the Golden Crow Nine Realms will mostly give our Dragon-phoenix Pavilion face, so there will naturally be many people who will come to watch the ceremony.”

“Junior sister Gu, today’s ceremony will be held in the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion. It represents the face of the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion. The Pavilion Master has specially instructed us to follow the rules. You must not cause trouble here.” The burly man warned again.

“Don’t worry, senior brother Tianxin. I know what to do.” The black-clothed girl smiled, but her eyes kept wandering around.

Suddenly, the black-robed girl’s expression changed.

“Senior brother Skyheart, quickly look over there. Look at that person.” The black-robed girl pointed in a direction.

The burly man immediately looked over and saw a young man dressed in golden robes.

When he saw the golden-robed young man, the burly man’s pupils constricted.

“It’s him? He actually came to participate in this ceremony?” The burly man muttered.

But the black-clothed girl did not say anything and directly ran toward him.

“Junior sister.” The burly man was shocked and immediately followed her.

The two soon appeared in front of the golden-robed young man, who was surprisingly Jian Wushuang.

“Sword One.” The black-clothed girl called out.

“Oh, it’s you two.” Jian Wushuang turned his head and looked at the two.

Jian Wushuang knew both of them, and he had interacted with them many times, especially the black-clothed girl.

He first interacted with the black-clothed girl, demoness Gu. Later, he met her again in the Crimson Rock Castle Sacred Palace. At that time, the burly man, Tian Xin, was also with him. At that time, they had a gambling match, in the end, Jian Wushuang won a big victory and obtained a lot of sacred elixirs.

Now, he had just arrived at the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion and met with demoness Gu and Tian Xin again.

“Sword One, long time no see.” Tian Xin gave Jian Wushuang a deep look.

Unfortunately, Jian Wushuang had deliberately revealed his divine power aura before entering the mountain gate. However, after entering the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion, he had completely restrained his divine power aura. Tian Xin could not tell Jian Wushuang’s specific realm at all.

However, in Tian Xin’s opinion, since Jian Wushuang was able to attend the ceremony, his strength must not be much weaker.

“Sword One, how dare you to come to my Dragon-phoenix Pavilion?” The black-clothed girl, demoness Gu, stared at Jian Wushuang angrily.

“I don’t have any great enmity with your Dragon-phoenix Pavilion. The only thing that I have ever crossed paths with in the gambling match with you. However, it was a fair match after all, and both sides are willing to admit defeat. Your disciples would not be so stingy as to hold a grudge against me, right?” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

“You…” Demoness Gu was anxious, but she did not know how to say it.

It was Tian Xin who said, “Mr. Sword One, don’t misunderstand. A guest is a guest. Not to mention that you don’t have any enmity with the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion, even if there is, the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion would never attack its own guest today.”

“That’s good.” Jian Wushuang nodded in satisfaction.

But at this moment…

“Junior sister Gu, junior brother Tianxin, what are you two doing?” A bright voice suddenly sounded. Then, a purple-haired handsome young man floated over. This purple-haired handsome young man was like a gust of wind, in the blink of an eye, he appeared in front of Jian Wushuang.

“This is…” The purple-haired handsome young man looked at Jian Wushuang.

“Senior brother Chu Shi, you came at the right time. This is the same senior brother Tian Xin who suffered a loss when he went to the Pill Sun Sacred World with this sword. He lost a lot of sacred elixirs and even lost a lot of faces. Today, you have to help us vent our anger by using sword principle again,” Demoness Gu immediately said.

“Oh? You bullied my junior sister in the Pill Sun Sacred World?” The purple-haired handsome young man Chi Feng’s eyes narrowed slightly.

“Haha, it’s just a fair fight. I didn’t bully her,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

“Really?” Chu Shi’s eyes turned slightly cold.

“Senior brother Chu Shi.” Tian Xin, who was beside him, was a little anxious.

“Don’t worry. Since it’s the day that the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion opens the Dragon-phoenix list, I naturally won’t fight in front of all the experts. However, after the ceremony is over… Sword One, do you have the guts to fight with me? If you win, I’ll give you 5,000 sacred elixirs. As for your loss, you don’t have to pay anything. Just take it as me venting my anger for my junior sister. How about it?”