Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2858: Was Breathtakingly Beautiful

——

Chu Shi looked at Jian Wushuang with a smile, but there was absolute confidence between his brows.

He did have the right to be confident. After all, he was a genuine Peak Divine Master, and his talent was extremely high. His comprehension of the rules and Dao was extremely strong. In addition, there were some unique secretaries in the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion, his battle strength was definitely at the top among the Divine Masters.

Even if he met an ordinary Invincible Divine Master, he could try to fight him.

With such strength, he naturally would not care about Jian Wushuang.

Hearing this, Jian Wushuang smiled faintly in his heart, but he nodded on the surface. “Sure.”

“Well, I’ll wait for you after the ceremony.” Chu Shi revealed a playful smile. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

As for Demoness Gu, she gloated at Jian Wushuang and said, “Sword One, you’re really brave to accept the challenge. Just you wait, you’ll suffer.”

With a snort, Chu Shi, Demoness Gu, and Tian Xin left.

Jian Wushuang just shook his head and smiled, but he did not care at all.

As time passed, more and more experts came to the martial arts practice field.

At first, only a few Great Divine Masters appeared on the martial arts practice field, but as time passed, the Immortal Saints who came to attend the ceremony also arrived.

When the ceremony was about to begin, there were already seven Immortal Saints gathered on the martial arts practice field.

Among the seven Immortal Saints, two came from the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion, and one of them was the current pavilion master of the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion, Long Xingzi.

The Heaven Immortal Pavilion and Thundercloud Pavilion were on par with the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion in terms of both strength and status. This time, each of them sent an Immortal Saint to participate.

The Star Point Pavilion also sent an Immortal Saint. And this Immortal Saint came together with the Young Pavilion Master, Chi Ming.

In addition, the true overlord of the Golden Crow Nine Realms, Lord Bone Emperor, although he did not personally come, he still sent an Immortal Saint under his command to attend the ceremony.

The last Immortal Saint was a realm lord of a region. This realm lord just happened to have nothing to do, so he came personally to attend the ceremony.

The realm lords of other regions mostly sent their experts to attend the ceremony, but they did not attend in person.

In these regions, experts from the Pill Sun Sacred World and the Heavenly Void World also came.

Yin Su’er, who was the master of the Pill Sun Sacred World, had sent Yun Shan, who was in seclusion because she had recently obtained a Saint Ascension Elixir from Jian Wushuang. The experts from the Heavenly Void Palace had arrived! They were Jian Wushuang’s acquaintances… Marquis of Three Yin!

Marquis of Three Yin was the first Invincible Divine Master to fight with Jian Wushuang. He was also the right-hand man of the Master of the Heavenly Void Palace. Marquis of Three Yin had come to the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion to observe the ceremony, Marquis of Three Yin had also noticed Jian Wushuang’s presence.

“Sword One…” The Marquis of Three Yin glared at Jian Wushuang, but he did not move.

He knew very well that Jian Wushuang’s strength was no weaker than his. In the entire Heavenly Void World, unless the Master of the Heavenly Void Temple came, no one could do anything to Jian Wushuang.

Therefore, no matter how angry he was at Jian Wushuang, no matter how much he wanted to kill Jian Wushuang, he could do nothing to Jian Wushuang.

On the martial arts practice field, almost all the experts had arrived.

At this moment… in the nearby void, surrounded by nearly ten female disciples, a woman slowly walked over.

“She’s coming, she’s coming!”

With the appearance of the woman, the entire martial arts practice field instantly became noisy.

Countless experts raised their heads and looked in that direction, and most of their eyes were burning.

The Young Phoenix of the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion… The publicly acknowledged number one genius of the Nine Realms of the Golden Crow. Her fame was simply too great.

And as the number one genius, she also had another identity, and that was the number one beauty of the Nine Realms of the Golden Crow!

If she was just the number one genius, although she would also attract a lot of attention, she definitely would not attract so much attention to the experts present.

However, the number one beauty was different.

On the martial arts practice field, the experts from various realms and forces all wanted to know how beautiful the number one beauty of the Nine Realms of the Golden Crow was. What did she have to deserve the title of number one beauty?

Everyone was eagerly waiting to see the true face of this Young Phoenix.

“Senior sister Leng!”

Demoness Gu stood in the middle of the crowd, a hint of excitement in her eyes, but more than that, she was filled with admiration.

Beside her, Chu Shi and Tian Xin were incomparably fanatical.

They were both heaven’s favored children of the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion, and naturally, they had seen the Young Phoenix before. It was because they had seen it that they were impressed.

Within the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion, there were too many people who viewed the Young Phoenix as a goddess, and there were too many people who adored and pursued her. Chu Shi and Tian Xin were only two of them.

However, they knew that with their status, they were not worthy of the Young Phoenix.

Hence, they could only watch from afar.

The two of them were like this, while Xuan Ming and Young Master Qu, who was publicly pursuing the Young Phoenix, were burning with passion.

Countless gazes and everyone’s attention were focused on the Young Phoenix.

As the woman slowly walked over, her figure and appearance finally appeared in front of everyone.

She was dressed in snow-white clothes, and her clothes were inlaid with the image of a Phoenix. Her skin was as white as snow, and her eyes were like a pool of clear water. She had an elegant and elegant temperament, causing people to be stunned, ashamed of their inferiority, and not dare to desecrate her, however, that cold and arrogant spirit had a soul-captivating aura, causing people to be unable to not be mesmerized.

Looking at her face again… beautiful! So beautiful that it was suffocating.

So beautiful that it was impossible to describe her with words.

It was as if there was no way to describe this woman’s appearance, even if she was as beautiful as a celestial being.

However, everyone who saw her face felt their hearts tremble.

Such an incredible appearance, coupled with that cold and arrogant temperament that made people not dare to desecrate her, the countless cultivators present were all impressed by her appearance.

“Good fellow, I’ve long heard that the Young Phoenix of the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion is the number one beauty in the Nine Realms of the Golden Crow. Seeing her today is indeed extraordinary. This old man has experienced many storms to become the undying sage. But even so, when this old man saw this Young Phoenix, his heart actually felt a trace of palpitations. Shame, truly shameful.” The undying sage under the Bone Emperor’s command sighed softly.

Of course, although this Immortal Saint’s words were somewhat exaggerated, it was enough to fully explain the beauty of the Young Phoenix.

On the martial arts practice field, everyone was stunned.

Even if it was the same, the reason why he was stunned was not that he was shocked by the Young Phoenix’s beautiful face.

It was because of that face… he was too familiar with it.