Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2868: Killing on the Spot!

——

The moment the third reincarnation sword formation was completely formed, the Black Blood Emperor had already sensed the terrifying power contained within the sword formation.

When the sword formation truly attacked, the Black Blood Emperor’s expression had already become extremely grave.

His body was suffused with a large number of black air currents, and boundless darkness once again swept out. Amidst the darkness that filled the sky, a dark giant that was a thousand feet tall appeared out of thin air. This dark giant’s aura was majestic… he held a black battle saber tightly in his hand.

As the battle saber in the hands of the Black Blood Emperor waved, the dark giant raised the battle saber in his hand at the same time and suddenly slashed out.

Bang!

A loud sound rang out. The dark giant was shaken by the terrifying power of the sword formation and staggered back a few steps. However, the reincarnation sword formation only lasted for a moment before the five-meter-long black divine sword once again shot out explosively.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The dark giant tried his best to resist the onslaught again. However, after only five onslaughts, the dark giant could not withstand the powerful impact and directly collapsed.

The five-meter-long black divine sword continued to charge toward the Black Blood Emperor with shocking power.

“This sword formation is so powerful?” Although the Black Blood Emperor was shocked, he did not panic. He quickly retreated and slashed out with his saber, repelling the sword formation again.

However, at this moment, Jian Wushuang, who had been controlling the reincarnation sword formation in the void in front of him, also moved.

He appeared in front of the Black Blood Emperor and unleashed his space-time swordsmanship.

He fully displayed his swordsmanship while the reincarnation sword formation charged at the Black Blood Emperor again and again.

The perfect combination of the two… the Black Blood Emperor instantly felt the pressure multiply.

“I’m in big trouble. This kid’s strength is extremely powerful and his swordsmanship is extremely high. He won’t be at a disadvantage when fighting me in close combat. His sword formation is also extremely powerful. When the two combine, I’m no match for him.” The Black Blood Emperor’s expression had become quite unsightly.

If Jian Wushuang’s swordsmanship could be separated from the reincarnation sword formation, he would not be afraid of either.

But now, with the perfect combination of the two, he could withstand Jian Wushuang’s close-range swordsmanship, but it was difficult for him to defend against the attack of the Samsara sword formation.

The Black Blood Emperor was completely suppressed by Jian Wushuang.

He had tried his best to exert his strength to the maximum, but he was still suppressed by Jian Wushuang.

Moreover, Jian Wushuang’s advantage was still expanding under this suppression.

“Oh no, I can’t hold on any longer!”

The Black Blood Emperor’s face changed drastically.

He could barely withstand the impact of the reincarnation sword formation, but at this time, Jian Wushuang’s Blood Mountain Sword came straight at him, but he did not have time to swing his saber to block it.

He had no choice but to rely on his powerful body protection to find a way to take this sword head-on.

Boom!

A powerful aura erupted from his body. The black robe on the Black Blood Emperor’s body instantly turned into black armor.

The black armor covered the Black Blood Emperor’s entire body. There were even some black halos around his body. The aura of a top-tier heavenly treasure was emitted from the armor.

The Black Blood Emperor relaxed slightly when he saw the powerful power of the black armor.

He had obtained the black armor by chance. Although it was only at the superior divine treasure level, it was definitely the best of the best among the superior divine treasures, its value was almost comparable to a special treasure at the superior divine treasure level.

The black armor was his most powerful protective means, and he was quite confident in its protective ability.

He believed that no matter how powerful Jian Wushuang’s next attack was, after being weakened by the black armor, it would at most be able to injure him, but not seriously. As for killing him, it was impossible.

But soon, his expression completely froze.

As soon as the blade of Jian Wushuang’s scarlet longsword touched the protective armor on his body, his extremely confident protective armor was immediately torn apart like a piece of paper.

The protective armor was torn apart, so it did not pose much of an obstacle to the scarlet longsword. The scarlet longsword mercilessly cut through the divine body of the Black Blood Emperor and flew out from the other end. In an instant, the divine body of the Black Blood Emperor was cut into two pieces, his vitality had begun to dissipate.

“This, this…”

The Black Blood Emperor’s eyes were still wide open, but his face was filled with horror and disbelief.

Yes, it was unbelievable.

He could not imagine that Jian Wushuang’s sword could kill him directly. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

He also did not expect that his protective armor, which was considered the best among the top-tier heavenly treasures, would be so vulnerable to Jian Wushuang’s sword light.

“It’s a sword, it’s his sword!”

Before he died, the Black Blood Emperor looked at the scarlet longsword in Jian Wushuang’s hand.

The scarlet longsword looked ordinary, but it did not emit much aura or power. Even during the battle, the Black Blood Emperor could feel that the scarlet longsword’s power was extraordinary, but he did not think too much about it.

But now, before he died, the Black Blood Emperor understood.

“Holy treasure!”

“This sword is a holy treasure, and it’s extremely sharp and extremely powerful!”

The Black Blood Emperor growled in his heart, but his eyes dimmed completely.

Jian Wushuang stood in the void and looked down at the Black Blood Emperor’s corpse, which had been broken into two pieces. His face was extremely cold.

“Marquis of Three Yin, who fought with me in the Pill Sun Sacred World, was not weak in the first stage of the Invincible Divine Master, but I could still fight with him. Now that I’ve broken through to the level of an Elementary Great Divine Master, the Blood Mountain Sword has undergone a transformation. Its power has increased tenfold, and its overall combat strength is dozens of times stronger than before.

“Especially the Blood Mountain Sword… it has more than the power of a holy treasure. The most important thing is that its blade is too sharp!”

“A protective armor at the level of a superior divine treasure is like a piece of paper in front of my Blood Mountain Sword. There’s no way to defend against it.”

After killing the Black Blood Emperor, Jian Wushuang was not too excited.

After all, he knew that his current combat strength had long surpassed that of an ordinary Invincible Divine Master.

Even if the Black Blood Emperor had reached the second stage among Invincible Divine Masters, he was still no match for Jian Wushuang.

Moreover, he had not used his full strength just now. He had not used many of his trump cards. He had only relied on his swordsmanship and the reincarnation sword formation to kill the Black Blood Emperor. His real combat strength could be even stronger!