Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2874: Nine Universe Blood Light River

——

“A superior third-grade holy treasure?” Jian Wushuang was delighted.

“It is indeed a superior third-grade domain-type holy treasure. Even I was suppressed by the blood-red river and my overall strength was reduced by more than 10%. This is because you are only a Divine Master. If an Immortal Saint used it, the suppression would be even more terrifying,” Mo Tao said.

“Even brother Mo’s strength has been suppressed by more than 10% ?” Jian Wushuang’s body trembled.

Mo Tao was not only an eighth-grade weapon refiner but also a very powerful Immortal Saint. Among the Immortal Saints of the Nine Realms of the Golden Crow, he was also one of the strongest ones. Even he was suppressed by more than 10% of his strength…

Jian Wushuang knew a lot of domain-type techniques. If he fully activated the red river domain, coupled with the suppression of the star armor domain, the prison of punishment, and his Sword Principle World, then an ordinary Immortal Saint would be suppressed by more than 20% of his strength! Under the pressure of the four domains, his strength would be suppressed by at least 20%!

If his realm improved in the future and his divine power improved again, the power of the domain would be even more terrifying.

“Good treasure. Thank you, brother Mo,” Jian Wushuang said gratefully.

“You’re welcome.” Mo Tao just smiled faintly. “By the way, this compass has just been refined. I haven’t given it a name yet. Now that you’re its owner, you can give it a name.”

“A name?” Jian Wushuang pondered and said, “Once this compass is activated, it immediately forms a real blood light and then turns into a blood-red river. I think it can be called the blood light river.”

“Blood light river? It’s not bad, but the three words are too monotonous. How about this, I’ll add the two words ‘nine universe’ before. The name of the nine universe blood light river should be more domineering,” Mo Tao said with a smile.

“Nine-universe blood-light river… good name.” Jian Wushuang immediately smiled and touched the Scarlet Compass. “From today on, you will be called the nine-universe blood-light river.”

The nine-universe blood-light river, a superior third-grade domain-type holy treasure, was born.

The power of the nine-universe blood-light river was very strong, and it greatly improved Jian Wushuang’s overall strength. Unfortunately, domain-type treasures were not like natal armors and natal magic weapons, so they could not continuously increase their power according to their owner’s strength.

After a while, Jian Wushuang merged the nine-universe blood-light river into his divine body.

“Brother Mo, since the domain-type holy treasure has been refined, I won’t stay any longer. I’ll visit you again when I have time,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

“Okay, Bi Yan, send my friend Jian off for me,” Mo Tao said gently.

Bi Yan immediately led Jian Wushuang out of the Fire Cloud Castle.

When they came, Jian Wushuang came directly from the front door. When they left, they still went to the underground palace, so they could avoid some people with evil intentions.

“Mr. Jian Yi, I’ll send you here.” Bi Yan sent Jian Wushuang to the end of the underground palace.

“Thank you, Mr. Bi Yan. Goodbye.” Jian Wushuang smiled and immediately left.

Jian Wushuang was flying slowly in the vast void alone. Suddenly, his expression changed.

“Huh? There are cultivators in such a remote place, and they are not weak either. It’s a Great Divine Master?” Jian Wushuang was surprised.

He had already sensed the existence of a Great Divine Master in the void not far away from him.

However, he only paid a little attention to a Senior Great Divine Master and did not take it to heart. They did not meet and Jian Wushuang left immediately.

What Jian Wushuang did not know was that he did not pay attention to the Great Divine Master, but the latter kept staring at him.

“It’s him, it’s Jian Yi!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The eyes of the gloomy and cold elder in a gray robe flashed with a trace of fierceness, “I’ve long heard that Fire Cloud Castle is located in the depths of a volcano. There are many underground passages that lead to the vicinity of the Fire Cloud Castle. It seems that this is indeed the case. Fortunately, sir, you were careful. Otherwise, this kid would have really escaped.”

The elder gave a strange laugh and then took out his token to send a message.

In the void, Jian Wushuang did not travel far after leaving the Fire Cloud Castle. Suddenly… boom!

An extremely vast aura that even Jian Wushuang felt a little shocked appeared within his perception range.

“This aura… is the aura of the Immortal Saint!”

“Who is it?”

Jian Wushuang focused his eyes and immediately looked toward the source of the aura.

He also found that the aura was approaching him at an alarming speed. Obviously, the other party was coming toward him.

Soon, a figure appeared in Jian Wushuang’s line of sight.

It was a burly middle-aged man wearing a purple-gold robe. He had an extremely violent aura and looked like a brown bear. The middle-aged man was extremely fast. As the distance between him and Jian Wushuang continued to close, the killing intent emitted from his body became more and more intense.

“Such a strong killing intent is to seek revenge. I have just left the Pill Sun Sacred World and haven’t provoked many people. There is only one person who is so angry and crazy enough to chase after me!”

“Realm Lord Tian Qu!”

Jian Wushuang instantly figured out the identity of the person.

He knew the identity of the person and how much the person wanted to kill him. However, Jian Wushuang did not choose to run away immediately. Instead, he stood there quietly and waited for the arrival of Realm Lord Tian Qu.

Soon, Realm Lord Tian Qu appeared in front of him.

As soon as he appeared, the sky-shaking killing intent enveloped his body.

Even Jian Wushuang, who had experienced endless waves and slaughter, felt the sky-shaking killing intent and his face became solemn.

“Jian Yi!”

World Master Tian Qu stared at Jian Wushuang with cold eyes.

“World Master Tian Qu, right? How did you know that I would be here?” Jian Wushuang asked.

He had killed Young Master Qu and guessed that World Master Tian Qu would come to kill him personally. He was not surprised that World Master Tian Qu would hunt him down. However, what surprised him was that World Master Tian Qu had found him so quickly.

After killing Young Master Qu, he immediately arrived at the Fire Cloud Castle. On the way here, he was extremely careful and did not easily reveal his identity. Even if he left the Fire Cloud Castle, he still took the underground passageway, but in the end, not long after he left the Fire Cloud Castle, he bumped into the realm lord.

Clearly, the realm lord knew that he was in the Fire Cloud Castle and had been waiting for him here.

And the Great Divine Master he met on the way might very well be one of the heavenly curve realm lord’s men. He had already set up spies around the Fire Cloud Castle in order to prevent him from escaping.