Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2876: The Power of the Realm

——

Although Jian Wushuang said it beautifully, he did not dare to underestimate him.

After all, World Master Tian Qu did not use his full strength just now, but now… The divine power and the power of the destruction rules that spread out from his body made him feel a little scared.

“Is he going to use his secret skill?” Jian Wushuang thought.

Boom!

A loud boom suddenly burst out between heaven and the Earth.

With lightning-like eyes, realm Lord Tian Qu’s right hand turned pitch-black. In a flash, he struck out with his palm again.

He also struck out with his palm, which also fell from the sky. However, the power and movement of this palm were not as great as the previous one. Moreover, the area covered by this palm was not as vast as before, and its size was much smaller.

However, Jian Wushuang’s eyes focused when he saw this palm strike.

He could see that this palm had completely fused divine power and the power of destruction rules. The palm was filled with the power of thunder alone, and the power contained in it was definitely several times stronger than the previous palm strike!

Realm Lord Tian Qu had already used his ultimate skill in this palm strike!

Moreover, it was an ultimate skill at the saint level.

“Come on!”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes were filled with fervor. Although he could feel that the power of this palm was extremely powerful and was not something he could withstand, he was still fearless.

Divine power surged out of his body crazily. The 30,000-meter-tall Golden Emperor Phantom was also staring at him. It held a golden longsword tightly in its hand. As Jian Wushuang waved the sword, the Golden Emperor Phantom slashed out the golden sword in its hand.

It was still the eighth-move of the space-time swordsmanship, thousand-square-shaped light!

Jian Wushuang also unleashed his strongest strength.

The seemingly weak and dim sword light once again struck the palm of the giant palm.

Whoosh.

With the sharpness of the Blood Mountain Sword, a crack still appeared in the palm of the giant palm. However, this time, the crack did not expand rapidly. Only a part of it was cracked open, and the Blood Mountain Sword seemed to be stuck in the middle of the crack.

Then, the giant palm continued to crush him with its destructive power.

In an instant, it completely covered his entire body.

Boom!

The giant palm fell from the sky, crushed Jian Wushuang, and then smacked toward the ground below.

Under this palm, a huge and boundless handprint immediately appeared on the ground below. This handprint was not only huge but also bottomless.

Jian Wushuang had been completely slammed into the bottom of the handprint, and there was no movement for a moment.

“Is he dead?”

Realm Lord Tian Qu’s aura was still extremely violent. His eyes were cold as he looked down at the deep and invisible handprint.

But at this moment… Bang! Bang! Bang!

A large amount of gravel flew out from the bottom of the handprint, and then a figure slowly rose up.

It was Jian Wushuang who rose up again.

At this moment, his figure was clearly in a sorry state, and the Purple Bell Shield formed by the Purple Emperor Bell had completely collapsed.

However, although he was in a sorry state, Jian Wushuang’s aura remained at its peak and did not weaken at all.

There was still a faint smile on his face.

“No wonder you are World Master Tian Qu, and an Immortal Saint. Your skills are indeed incomparable to us Divine Masters,” Jian Wushuang said.

He was speaking the truth.

Immortal Saints are much stronger than Divine Masters.

Although he was already heaven-defying enough to defeat World Master Tian Qu’s attack, it was only a casual attack by the World Master Tian Qu.

Once Realm Lord Tian Qu used his absolute art or other techniques, he would be able to completely crush Jian Wushuang.

“Perhaps, when my realm rises again and I reach the Advanced Divine Master level, or my comprehension of the rules and sword principle rises to the Immortal Saint-level, I will be able to fight with Realm Lord Tian Qu head-on,” Jian Wushuang muttered to himself.

He still had room for maneuver in this fight with Realm Lord Tian Qu. He still had two other trump cards that he had yet to use.

These two trump cards were the supreme sword essence in the Mountain River Map and Blood Mountain Sword, and he had yet to use his domain.

However, even if he used all his trump cards, he might not be able to fight against Realm Lord Tian Qu.

However, if his strength, his comprehension of the rules, and sword principle improved again, it would be a different story.

“Realm Lord Tian Qu, I’ve learned a lot from today’s battle. Farewell!”

Jian Wushuang laughed and then rushed to the back.

“You want to escape?”

Realm Lord Tian Qu burst out with a fierce aura. He instantly turned into a stream of light and chased after Jian Wushuang.

As an Immortal Saint, Realm Lord Tian Qu was also very fast. At least, he was much faster than Jian Wushuang.

“You really want to kill me? Is that possible?” Jian Wushuang chuckled and then moved his mind.

A scarlet compass flew out of his divine body. As Jian Wushuang’s divine power surged, the scarlet compass immediately burst out with bursts of blood light.

Buzz, buzz buzz.

The blood light surged and turned into a huge blood-red river. The blood-red river was vast and mighty as it surged toward Realm Lord Tian Qu.

“This is… a domain?” The Realm Lord narrowed his eyes and sneered, “A mere domain wants to stop me? How ridiculous!”

The Realm Lord did not care.

After all, he was an Immortal Saint, and he was very strong among the Immortal Saints.

Ordinary domain-type techniques did not affect him at all. Even a domain-type treasure at the level of a top-tier heavenly treasure could not affect him at all.

Therefore, he was not worried that Jian Wushuang’s domain could affect him. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, when the blood-red river came pressing down on him, the expression of Realm Master Tian Qu immediately changed.

“This domain… is so strong!”

“My strength has been suppressed by more than 10% in an instant, and my speed has been greatly reduced. How is this possible?”

Realm Lord Tian Qu was shocked. “Impossible. Even a domain-type treasure at the level of a top-tier heavenly treasure can’t affect me. The Blood River Realm is so powerful. Could it be a domain-type holy treasure?”

“Yes, it must be a holy treasure!”

“Jian Yi has a domain-type holy treasure on him!”

Realm Lord Tian Qu’s eyes became even colder.

Under the pressure of the Nine Universe Blood Light River, his speed was greatly reduced. However, he was still able to keep up with Jian Wushuang’s speed and was unable to be pulled away by him. He still did not give up on chasing after Jian Wushuang.

“He’s really persistent. In that case…” Jian Wushuang’s lips curled slightly, and golden divine power swept across the sky in an instant.

A layer of dark golden light covered his dark golden armor.

A surge of supreme sword essence rose, and Jian Wushuang’s sword world immediately suppressed it!

…