Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2878: Pressure

——

Realm Lord Tian Qu, Elder Su, and Chi Ming were waiting in the void.

Not long after, a figure rushed over from the void.

It was a cold, dark-red man. He was tall and slim, and his aura was only at the Divine Master level.

If Jian Wushuang were here, he would have recognized him immediately.

This cold man was the Invincible Divine Master from the Heaven Void World, Marquis of Three Yin!

“Marquis of Three Yin greets Master Su and Realm Lord Tian Qu.” Marquis of Three Yin bowed respectfully to the two Immortal Saints.

“Marquis of Three Yin? I’ve heard of you. Are you a subordinate of Tian Qu?” Realm Lord Tian Qu looked at him.

“Yes, my Lord Palace Master has often mentioned you before.” Marquis of Three Yin appeared abnormally humble.

“Why? Is the Heavenly Void Palace Master interested in Jian Yi one as well?” Realm Lord Tian Qu asked in a low voice.

“Of course, the Heavenly Void Palace Master also wants to kill Jian Yi.” Elder Su laughed.

Marquis of Three Yin explained, “Jian Yi came from the Pill Sun Sacred World. The Realm Lord of the Pill Sun Sacred World, the Crimson Rock Saint, died a long time ago. The Pill Sun Sacred World has also been in an internal conflict, and its strength has been constantly weakened. It has long been reduced to the weakest realm among the Nine Realms of the Golden Crow.”

“And the Pill Sun Sacred World is connected to the Heavenly Void World. My Palace Master naturally wanted to completely occupy the Pill Sun Sacred World. However, because of the agreement between Lord Bone Emperor and the four pavilions and the other realms, he could not personally take action. He could only send his Divine Master army. In the end, he was defeated because of Jian Yi!

“It can be said that if Jian Yi doesn’t die, my Palace Master can forget about completely occupying the Pill Sun Sacred World.”

“Is that so?” Realm Master Tian Qu immediately understood.

“Heavenly Void Palace Master is also very strong. With his help, together with the two of us, there is no chance for Jian Yi to survive,” Elder Su said with a smile.

“In addition, the three of us have different motives, so we can take what we want. This time, I personally attacked the Star Point Pavilion and used a domain-type holy treasure. After killing Jian Yi, the Star Point Pavilion does not want much. We only want one thing, and that is the divine sword in his hand. The Star Point Pavilion is determined to get it.”

“That magic sword?” Realm Master Tian Qu’s expression changed. He had just fought with Jian Wushuang, so he naturally felt the power of the Blood Mountain Sword in Jian Wushuang’s hand.

“That sword is indeed extraordinary. I heard that Mo Tao of the Fire Cloud Castle used the Holy Heavenly Furnace to refine an extraordinary sword principle magic weapon. During the refining process, Jian Yi happened to visit Mo Tao. This magic sword is most likely the one that Mo Tao refined.” Realm Master Tian Qu narrowed his eyes slightly. “However, although this divine sword is powerful, it isn’t of much use to me. Since the Star Pavilion is determined to obtain this sword, I’ll just take it.”

Elder Su frowned, he then turned his gaze toward the Marquis of Three Yin. “The Heavenly Void Palace is extremely powerful, but they aren’t proficient in speed. In a battle, if they encounter someone with slightly stronger life-saving techniques, they won’t be able to do anything. And that sword has a powerful domain-type sacred treasure in his hands. That sacred treasure is just right for the Heavenly Void Palace Lord to use. When the time comes, I’ll give it to him.”

“As for the rest, Jian Yi’s interspatial ring and all the treasures on him will belong to you, Realm Lord Tian Qu.”

Upon hearing these words, the expression of Realm Lord Tian Qu changed as he spoke in a low voice, “It was clearly three parties working together, but now, one of you wants the divine sword while the other wants the domain-type sacred treasure. Wouldn’t this seat be at a disadvantage?”

“Disadvantage? Not necessarily.” Elder Su shook his head, “Tian Qu Realm Lord, after you exchanged blows with that sword, you should be able to tell that although he is only a Divine Master, his methods are extremely powerful. Not to mention that he was able to invite Mo Tao to use the Holy Heavenly Furnace to forge a divine weapon for him, his net worth must be extraordinary. There’s an 80% chance that he has other treasures in his hands, and he might even be hiding some secrets. All of these should be left for you. In the end, what you obtain might be even more than my Star Point Pavilion.”

After pondering for a moment, Realm Lord Tian Qu nodded. “Sure, I agree.”

“Marquis of Three Yin, what about the Heavenly Void Palace Lord?” Elder Su looked at the Marquis of Three Yin.

“I’ve already reported this suggestion to the Palace Lord and he has agreed. He is already on his way to the Dragon-phoenix Sacred City.” The Marquis of Three Yin said.

“That’s good.” Elder Su smiled. “According to the news we received from the Star Point Pavilion, Jian Yi has just left the Pill Sun Sacred World and will not return for a short period of time. He will continue to stay in the Dragon-phoenix Sacred City. As long as he stays here, we can easily find him. Once the Heavenly Void Palace Lord arrives, we will act immediately.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Okay.” Realm Lord Tian Qu nodded heavily.

The three powerful Immortal Saints had reached an agreement.

…

Jian Wushuang was flying rapidly in the void far away from the Fire Cloud Castle.

At this moment, he was lamenting in his heart.

“Immortal Saint, as expected of an Immortal Saint. It’s not easy to cross over. At least I’m still not strong enough to fight against a real Immortal Saint,” Jian Wushuang thought to himself.

The fight with Realm Lord Tian Qu was very short.

He had only fought with Realm Lord Tian Qu twice.

The first time, Realm Lord Tian Qu had casually used his palm, but he had defeated him with his full strength.

However, the second time, Realm Lord Tian Qu had used his saint secret skill, so he could not withstand it and was completely crushed.

“An Immortal Saint using a saint secret skill and not using it are two completely different concepts. Once Realm Lord Tian Qu uses his saint secret skill, even if I use my trump card and activate the supreme sword essence in the Blood Mountain Sword, I won’t be able to fight against him!”

“To put it bluntly, my realm is too low, and my comprehension of the rules and sword principle is too low.”

Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes slightly.

He knew that although he had escaped this time, Realm Lord Tian Qu would not let him off easy because he had killed his son.

After this battle, Realm Lord Tian Qu would definitely think of other ways to kill him. He might even invite other experts to join forces. If they met again, it would not be easy for him to escape unscathed.

Therefore, Jian Wushuang felt a lot of pressure.

This pressure was purely caused by his lack of strength. Therefore, what Jian Wushuang wanted the most now was to improve his strength.

“Now, whether it’s breaking through my realm again, rule comprehension, or sword principle comprehension reaching the Immortal Saint-level, they are enough to increase my battle strength. By then, I should be able to contend with Realm Lord Tian Qu. However, rule comprehension and sword principle comprehension have already reached a bottleneck, so I can’t break through easily. Therefore, I can only think of ways to continue to improve my realm!” Jian Wushuang could not help clenching his hands.