Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2882: The Three Immortal Saints

——

“To be able to make us three Immortal Saints attack together, Jian Yi, even if you die, you can rest in peace.” The Heavenly Void Palace Master said gently.

“Don’t waste any more time. Directly attack and kill him.” The Heavenly Void Palace Master’s voice was extremely cold.

“Leave it to me.” The black-robed old man smiled. His God body immediately released a ring of flame.

This ring of flame emitted an extremely hot and tyrannical aura. It was clearly an extremely powerful sacred treasure.

“Go!” Elder Su’s right hand gently tapped. This ring of flame instantly expanded.

Hong hong!

Endless flames madly surged out.

The flames burned and swept in all directions, covering the entire void in an instant, causing the entire void to sink into a huge sea of fire.

Being in the sea of fire, a scorching power crazily pressed toward Jian Wushuang.

“A domain-type treasure?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This flame halo was obviously a domain-type treasure, and judging from its power, it had definitely reached the level of a holy treasure.

A domain-type treasure at the level of a sacred treasure was displayed by a genuine Immortal Saint, and its power was truly shocking.

The sea of fire that filled the sky swept out, and its movements were also shocking. The entire world was shaking crazily.

However, it must be known that this void was just around the market. Such a huge commotion naturally spread to the market.

Immediately, a large number of experts and cultivators in the market city were alarmed.

Countless figures flew up and arrived around the market city. They all looked toward this void.

“That’s…”

“The aura of the Immortal Saint is not just one, but three!”

“Three Immortal Saint?”

The experts in the city were all shocked.

The Immortal Saint was absolutely invincible in the Golden Crow Nine Realms. Normally, it was extremely difficult to even see one, but now, there were three of them in the void.

And very quickly, the identities of these three Immortal Saints were all recognized.

“That’s the Realm Lord Tian Qu, the Heavenly Void Palace Lord, and the last one is Elder Su from the Star Point Pavilion… what are these three supreme existences doing there?”

“From the position that they are standing at, it doesn’t seem like the three of them are fighting each other, but rather, they are working together.”

“Yes, the three of them should be working together, and the person they are going to deal with…”

Everyone’s gazes instantly turned towards a certain direction.

In that direction, a young man dressed in golden robes stood there. The aura emitted by this young man caused everyone present to be extremely shocked.

“Reverent-god! It’s actually a reverent god!”

“Three Immortal Saints came out together just to deal with a reverent god?”

“This, is this a joke?”

Everyone felt their minds go blank.

Reverent-god and Immortal Saints were completely worlds apart.

Under normal circumstances, if an Immortal Saint was determined to kill a reverent god, even the extremely powerful and terrifying unrivaled reverent god would have no chance of escaping. Therefore, it was very easy for the Immortal Saint to kill a reverent god, he could easily kill him alone.

But now… The three Immortal Saints had come out at the same time, and it was obvious that they were well prepared. They had deliberately set up a restriction and even took out a domain-type holy treasure. The experts who saw this scene could not help exclaiming in surprise.

Who was this Divine Master that the three Immortal Saints had gone to so much trouble to kill?

In the center of the Void, Jian Wushuang was still standing there indifferently among the comments of many cultivators.

He was still in the sea of fire, and the scorching power was still pressing on his body.

However, his expression was still very calm.

“Jian Yi, aren’t you good at domains? And you seem to have a domain-type holy treasure in your hand. Why don’t you take it out?” Elder Su looked at Jian Wushuang with a faint smile.

Although he said that, deep down, he was disdainful of Jian Wushuang’s domain-type skills.

Even if Jian Wushuang did have a domain-type holy treasure in his hand, the power of a treasure of the same level was completely different from that of a Divine Master. He was confident that his domain could definitely crush Jian Wushuang.

Hearing his words, Jian Wushuang finally smiled and said, “As you wish!”

As soon as he finished speaking, the scarlet compass on Jian Wushuang’s body immediately appeared, and then a vast blood-red river immediately surged out.

The blood-red river was also surging, and as soon as it appeared, it crazily swept in all directions.

The impact immediately seemed as if alcohol had been added to a raging fire. The power of the surrounding sea of fire suddenly soared, and endless flames surged up and covered the blood-red river, wanting to completely destroy it.

“Haha, this domain-type treasure of yours is not weak, but unfortunately, you are too weak to use its power. It’s much weaker than my domain,” Elder Su said with a laugh.

“Is that so?” Jian Wushuang curled his lips, and majestic golden divine power surged from his body. Behind him, a 30,000-meter-tall Golden Emperor Phantom condensed out of thin air.

The star power in his body was also directly activated, causing his divine power aura to suddenly soar.

A layer of dark golden armor also appeared on the surface of his body.

Seven-star secret skill, divine punishment, and nine luminaries star armor were all used.

Originally, the power of the nine-universe blood light river, which was driven by Jian Wushuang’s own divine power, was indeed not as powerful as the surrounding sea of fire. But now, with the three secret skills being used together, the power of Jian Wushuang’s divine power immediately increased by dozens of times, the power of the nine-universe blood light river also increased sharply.

Rumble.

The surging blood-red river surged crazily, forming an indestructible steel torrent that spread wildly in all directions.

The flames that came in contact with the blood-red torrent were immediately extinguished.

The steel torrent swept through everything as easily as breaking dried twigs, forcing the surrounding sea of fire to retreat.

In the blink of an eye, the entire vast space was in the middle of the blood river flood. The terrifying pressure contained within the blood river instantly affected Elder Su, Realm Lord Tian Qu, and Heavenly Void Palace Lord.

This caused the expressions of the three Immortal Saints to sink.

“How is this possible!” Elder Su’s face was filled with disbelief.

“He is only a deity, and he is also a domain-type sacred treasure like me. However, the domain that I used with my full strength was actually suppressed by his domain? This…” Elder Su was completely stunned.

The Heavenly Void Palace Master and Realm Lord beside him were also extremely shocked.