Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2888: Breakthrough, Second Level of Sword Principle!

——

The sword principle was profound and unfathomable.

The Sword World was only the first level of sword principle, which created a lonely world.

The second level of sword principle, the boundless sword tree, was the first living creature born in the Sword Principle World.

Now, the tiny sapling that had taken root and sprouted in Jian Wushuang’s world of sword principle was the boundless sword tree.

At first, the boundless sword skill was just a sapling, but soon, the sapling began to grow at a fantastic speed.

In the blink of an eye, the sapling had turned into a small tree and gradually grew toward the towering tree. Then, all kinds of forks appeared on the main trunk, and many branches grew out. In just a moment… a towering tree had appeared in Jian Wushuang’s Sword World.

And the tree was still growing crazily.

The speed of its growth was too astonishing.

The speed of the trunk extending and covering was too fast and too dense.

Jian Wushuang closed his eyes, but he could see the changes in the Sword World. He could see that the big tree in the center of the Sword World was growing crazily, becoming abnormally thick and tall from an ordinary tree. The height of the tree was also increasing.

30 meters, 300 meters, 300 meters!

In an instant, the tree had grown to a height of 30,000 meters, and it was still growing crazily.

15,000 meters, 20,000 meters..

After a moment, the boundless sword tree finally stopped.

At this moment, the boundless sword tree was already 33,000 meters tall!

The towering tree was 33,000 feet tall, and its branches alone were enough to form a vast and boundless forest.

However, this was only because of the tree in the center!

“33,000 meters!” Jian Wushuang felt that the tree had finally grown to its level, and his heart was extremely shocked.

He had once obtained the sword principle insight left behind by a mighty Immortal Saint. The Immortal Saint had earlier said that after an ordinary sword principle cultivator reached the second realm of sword principle insight, the boundless sword tree formed in his Sword Dao world was only a few hundred feet tall at the beginning. Those who could reach over a thousand feet were already considered extremely talented in Sword Dao.

And 33,000 meters was already considered an endpoint in the eyes of the Immortal Saint.

One had to know that many experts who were proficient in Sword Dao, including the Immortal Saint, were able to grow their boundless sword tree to 33,000 meters tall as their Sword Dao comprehension continued to increase. Those who were more talented were able to grow to 66,000 meters tall. Some extremely powerful Sword Dao geniuses were said to grow to a height of 99,000 meters. However, such geniuses were already extremely rare.

It was said that within the vast third heaven, the immeasurable sword tree of a Sword Dao genius could grow to a height of 30,000 meters. However, that was only a rumor. Whether it was true or not, the Immortal Saint who had left behind his insights did not know.

However, it also showed that the boundless sword tree was 33,000 meters tall, which was the limit that many ordinary sword principle cultivators could reach.

But what about Jian Wushuang?

His boundless sword tree had just taken shape, but it had already reached 33,000 feet tall.

But it must be known that he still had infinite room for improvement at this level in the future!

The news that the boundless sword tree was 33,000 feet tall in a row would shock the world if it were spread out!

The taller and tougher the boundless sword tree was, the more powerful its swordsmanship would be.

In the divine beginning world, the Immortal Saints who were good at sword principle distinguished the comprehension of sword principle from the height of the boundless sword tree.

Jian Wushuang’s boundless sword tree was now 33,000 meters tall. This meant that even though his comprehension of sword principle was not as good as those top Immortal Saints, the power of his swordsmanship was not weaker than those Immortal Saints who had developed the boundless sword tree to its limit and stood at the top, was not weaker than those Immortal Saints. The latter had derived the boundless sword tree to its limit and stood at the top.

This was simply incredible!

Buzz, buzz, buzz!

Jian Wushuang’s Sword World finally calmed down, and he finally opened his eyes.

The surprise on his face grew stronger and stronger.

“The second level of sword principle, boundless sword tree, is finally here!”

“My boundless sword tree is 33,000 feet tall once it forms a line. This alone is enough to increase the power of my swordsmanship by many times. I wonder how powerful my swordsmanship will be now?”

Jian Wushuang muttered to himself with a hint of expectation in his heart.

He waved his hand slightly, and the Blood Mountain Sword, which had been floating quietly beside him, immediately flew toward him.

Jian Wushuang held the Blood Mountain Sword again and put on the golden armor, so he kept the interspatial ring.

When he held the Blood Mountain Sword, Jian Wushuang’s eyes lit up because he felt that the level of the Blood Mountain Sword had increased again.

Initially, the Blood Mountain sword was only a top-grade third-grade holy treasure, even if it had been merged with his blood essence. It was more terrifying than many second-grade holy treasures because of its sharp edge.

However, with his breakthrough in sword principle, the power of the Blood Mountain Sword, which was his natal armor, had also increased. So now it was also a second-grade holy treasure!

This was a big surprise for Jian Wushuang.

“The power of the Blood Mountain Sword has increased, but the supreme sword essence in the sword has not changed. Previously, with my cultivation in sword principle, the sword essence that I tried my best to guide was less than one-thousandth of this supreme sword essence. But now… let’s try it!”

Jian Wushuang immediately began to guide it.

The sword essence in the Blood Mountain Sword needed the guidance of Jian Wushuang’s sword principle. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The higher his comprehension of the sword principle, the more sword essence he could guide.

Previously, he could guide less than one-thousandth of Jian Yi with all his strength, but now… buzz buzz!

A shrill sword hum sounded out of thin air. The supreme and awe-inspiring sword essence that had been filling the surrounding area suddenly became more than ten times stronger!

Yes, it was dozens of times more vital!

“One percent!” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were shining.

He had sensed that the sword essence he guided with all his strength was precisely one percent of the supreme sword essence.

Do not underestimate this one percent of sword essence. Previously, it was only one-thousandth, but it had increased Jian Wushuang’s overall strength by more than ten times.

But now…

“Thanks to you three, my cultivation of sword principle has greatly increased. Today, I can use the blood of you three Immortal Saints to sacrifice my sword.” Jian Wushuang sneered, but his figure had already rushed out.

A murderous intent instantly burst out under the background of the supreme sword essence.

Realm Lord Tian Qu, Heavenly Void Temple Master, and Elder Su all looked highly solemn.

“Be careful. I feel that this brat is even more terrifying than before.” Heavenly Void Palace Master said.