Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2889: Instant Kill

——

Realm Lord Tian Qu and Elder Su’s expressions were also extremely solemn.

Jian Wushuang’s figure had already appeared in front of Realm Lord Tian Qu. Then, he drew his sword.

Jian Wushuang did not display any shocking swordsmanship. He just casually swung his sword.

However, when he brandished his Blood Mountain Sword, the power of the boundless sword tree, which was 33,000 meters tall, had already reached its peak. The supreme sword essence within the Blood Mountain Sword also unscrupulously exploded.

Weng weng~ Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

This sword’s intent was supreme.

The instant it swept out, the expressions of the three Immortal Saints changed.

After that, a majestic sword light was born.

This sword light was incomparably tyrannical and huge.

It blotted out the sky and covered half of the void.

Chi chi chi~ The sound of the space being forcefully compressed rang out continuously.

The moment this boundless sword light appeared, Realm Lord Tian Qu, Elder Su, and Heavenly Void Palace Lord were all stunned.

“This sword…” Realm Lord Tian Qu stared fixedly at this boundless sword light because this boundless sword light was heading towards him.

“How can it be so strong?” Elder Su and Heavenly Void Palace Lord were both shocked.

They initially wanted to help Realm Lord Tian Qu block this sword light, but when the sword light actually slashed out, they were both completely stunned.

Only Tian Qu was left, instantly unleashing his strength to the limit.

Rumble!

A large amount of black divine power crazily gushed out.

Tian Qu’s face flushed red, his eyes flashing with an unprecedented madness. That boundless black divine power once again condensed into a huge black beast.

“Block it, we must block it!” Tian Qu roared in his heart.

Boundless sword light swept over.

In an instant, the black beast was annihilated like a dried twig. After that, the boundless sword light completely engulfed Realm Lord Tian Qu’s entire body.

Realm Lord Tian Qu did not even have the chance to scream before he was crushed into pieces by the power of the sword light.

And after the sword light annihilated Realm Lord Tian Qu, it still took a long time before it completely dissipated.

“Dead, dead?”

Elder Su and the Heavenly Void Temple Master stared with wide eyes.

Realm Lord Tian Qu was the strongest Immortal Saint among the three of them.

But now, the strongest Realm Lord Tian Qu was killed by Jian Wushuang with just one strike?

What kind of strength was this?

While they were in shock, Jian Wushuang’s cold eyes looked at them again in the void.

Sensing Jian Wushuang’s gaze, the two Immortal Saints, who were well-known in the Golden Crow Nine Realms, were frightened out of their wits.

“Run!”

Without any hesitation, Elder Su and the Heavenly Void Temple master immediately turned and fled.

At the moment they fled, they had already used their fastest speed in their lives, desperately trying to escape from Jian Wushuang’s sight.

Seeing this, Jian Wushuang’s eyes turned cold and his killing intent surged.

The two Immortal Saints fled at the same time. They were originally in two directions. Now that they had split up, he could only leave one person behind. He immediately locked onto this person.

It was Elder Su of the Point Star Pavilion.

The reason why they locked onto him was that Elder Su had attacked him without any reason.

For example, there was a reason why Realm Lord Tian Qu and Temple Master Tian Xu wanted to kill him. Jian Wushuang could understand that, so his killing intent was not very strong.

However, Elder Su… he had no enmity with the Star Point Pavilion, so it was natural for Jian Wushuang to be angry that Elder Su had come to kill him out of the blue.

As for whether or not he would offend the Star Point Pavilion after killing him, he did not care.

Moreover, Elder Su was indeed closer to him.

Jian Wushuang made his move. With a thought, a terrifying sword essence suddenly burst out. Together with the domain that had always existed in the surrounding void, it crazily pressed toward Elder Su. At the same time, Jian Wushuang slowly raised his palm, he pointed in the direction of Elder Su from a distance!

Heaven-determining skill!

Because Jian Wushuang’s comprehension of the space-time rules had not reached the level of the Immortal Saint, this move would not affect the Immortal Saint too much. However, no matter how small the effect was, it would still be able to slightly hinder Elder Su.

Taking advantage of this small obstacle, Jian Wushuang moved forward.

Whoosh!

The same sword light descended.

It was still as majestic and earth-shaking as before.

The sword light blotted out the sky and the sun, completely drowning Elder Su.

“No!”

Elder Su was so angry that his eyes almost popped out of their sockets. He desperately tried to use his strongest technique in an attempt to block Jian Wushuang’s sword.

However, his swordsmanship, which had reached the second level of sword principle, the boundless sword tree, was much more powerful than before. Even the Realm Lord Tian Qu could not block his sword, so Elder Su certainly could not resist it.

The only thing he could hope for was that he was still wearing a sacred treasure-level protective armor.

Although the power of this armor was not too strong and was only at the third grade, it was still his life-saving method.

However, when the sword light truly descended, a crack appeared in the center of the sacred treasure level armor, the entire armor was on the verge of collapsing.

“How could this be?” Elder Su was in disbelief.

However, his life force was immediately cut off.

Buzz, buzz, buzz!

In the middle of the void, everything calmed down.

Jian Wushuang was the only one still standing in the void. As for the three Immortal Saints who had surrounded him, Realm Lord Tian Qu and Elder Su had been killed and their divine bodies had been destroyed. Only the Palace Master of Void Temple had luckily escaped.

Jian Wushuang waved his hand and put the things left behind by the Immortal Saints into his interspatial ring. Then he stood there, his eyes shining brightly.

“The boundless sword tree, which is 3,300 meters tall, did not disappoint me. It improved the power of my swordsmanship so much, and the supreme sword essence that I can guide it is even stronger. The Immortal Saints, including the Realm Lord and the Elder from the Star Point Pavilion, are both very strong, but they can’t even take one strike from me.” Jian Wushuang held the longsword tightly in his hand, he was also very excited.

Before the start of the battle, he had wanted to make a breakthrough. As for how strong he would be after the breakthrough, he did not think too much about it. But now… he did not expect that his strength would increase so much, once he made a breakthrough.

Taking a deep breath, Jian Wushuang looked around and saw that there were countless cultivators who had fallen into a daze in the market not far away.

With a faint smile, Jian Wushuang left directly.