Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2895: Bow Your Head

——

“Stop!”

A roar suddenly echoed in the sky.

The roar contained a terrifying pressure. The experts of the Heavenly Void Palace who were about to kill Jian Wushuang immediately stopped under the pressure.

Countless eyes looked at the end of the island. There, a figure slowly rose.

It was the Heavenly Void Palace Master.

“Palace Master!”

“Palace Master has appeared!”

The experts of the Heavenly Void Palace immediately showed a fanatical look.

To them, the Heavenly Void Palace Master was a god-like existence, the ruler of the Heavenly Void World, and they blindly worshipped him.

Jian Wushuang also saw the Heavenly Void Palace master at this moment, but then he smiled disdainfully, “Heavenly Void Temple Master, aren’t you a little too timid? I hid underground and only condensed a consciousness avatar to see me. Are you afraid that I will directly kill you when I see you?”

Jian Wushuang did not conceal the mockery in his words.

Upon hearing this, most experts of Heavenly Void Temple were immediately furious.

However, some of the more powerful experts who had connections in the Golden Crow Nine Realms were staring at Jian Wushuang.

“This man is only a Divine Master, but he is so fearless when facing the Palace Master. He even looks down on us. Is he… Jian Yi?”

“Jian Yi, yes, it must be him. Only he dares to face the Palace Master so fearlessly!”

“Jian Yi actually came directly to the gate of the Heavenly Void Palace.”

Those who knew Jian Wushuang’s identity and strength were shocked.

They knew that when sword one fought against the three Immortal Saints alone, one of them was their Palace Master.

Only their Palace Master survived at that time, but now, Jian Yi came to the Heavenly Void Palace.

It was no wonder that the Palace Master did not dare to meet him in person. He had only condensed a consciousness avatar. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The consciousness avatar of the Heavenly Void Palace master also stared at Jian Wushuang with a cold face. “Jian Yi, how dare you come to the Heavenly Void World? Don’t forget the agreement that Lord Bone Emperor made with the other forces.”

“That agreement?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed, then he smiled and said, “I’ve heard of that agreement. Isn’t it that a Realm Master or an Immortal Saint is not allowed to set foot in other Sacred Worlds?

“But don’t forget that I’m not a Realm Master and I’m not an Immortal Saint. In that case, how can I not come to the Heavenly Void World?”

Heavenly Void Temple Master was stunned. He then remembered that although Jian Wushuang had the battle strength to kill an Immortal Saint, his realm was only that of a Divine Master.

Yes, he was only a Divine Master, and he was not a master of a world. That agreement could not restrict him, so he did not have to keep it.

“Jian Yi, there is no great enmity between us. Although I killed you with Realm Lord Tian Qu and Elder Su, I did not kill you. On the contrary, I improved your strength,” Heavenly Void Temple Master said.

“Oh? You mean I shouldn’t blame you, but thank you?” Jian Wushuang sneered.

“No, I’m just saying that we don’t have a deep hatred, so there’s no need to fight to the death. But, if you’re still angry, I’ll pay a price to apologize to you,” Heavenly Void Temple Master said.

Jian Wushuang could tell that the temple master had already decided to bow his head from his words.

He was not the only one who had heard it. The experts of the Heavenly Void Palace had also heard it.

Most of the people who did not know what was going on were stunned. They could not believe that their Palace Master would bow his head to a mere Divine Master like Jian Wushuang.

Only those who knew what had happened nodded secretly. They knew that what the Temple Master had done was a wise move.

“You’re right. The hatred between us was not too great, so I don’t have to kill you. Since you’re willing to make amends, as long as you’re sincere enough, I can accept it.” Jian Wushuang smiled slightly. “How about this, I don’t want too much. 400,000 sacred elixirs, and we can end the grudge between us.”

The sacred elixirs that Jian Wushuang asked for were reasonable.

An ordinary Immortal Saint had 500,000 to 600,000 sacred elixirs. As a Master of a world, the Heavenly Void Temple Master had accumulated wealth for so many years, so his wealth was naturally higher. It was estimated that he could afford more than a million sacred elixirs, Jian Wushuang only wanted 400,000 sacred elixirs, which was already considered very merciful.

As expected, after hearing Jian Wushuang’s request, the Heavenly Void Temple Master, although a little distressed, agreed to it directly.

“I can give you 400,000 sacred elixirs.”

The Master of Heaven Void Temple’s consciousness avatar nodded, and a stream of light immediately shot toward Jian Wushuang from the deepest part of Heaven Void Temple.

Jian Wushuang reached out and took the interspatial ring from the stream of light. He checked it carefully and found that there were indeed no less than 400,000 sacred elixirs in the interspatial ring.

Seeing this, Jian Wushuang smiled in his heart.

Previously, he had killed Realm Lord Tian Qu and Elder Su and obtained their interspatial rings, which contained many sacred elixirs and various treasures. Now, he had obtained 400,000 sacred elixirs from the Heavenly Void Temple Master, Jian Wushuang already had no less than two million sacred elixirs.

Of course, two million sacred elixirs were far from enough for him to break through from an Advanced Great Divine Master to a Peak Great Divine Master, but it was still a considerable amount of wealth.

“Temple Master, I have another small matter that I need your cooperation with,” Jian Wushuang said.

“What is it?” Temple Master asked patiently.

“Well, I have established a force called the Sword Alliance in the Pill Sun Sacred World. It won’t be long before I transfer the Sword Alliance to the Heaven Curve World. Many cultivators of the Sword Alliance will need to pass through your Heavenly Void World. I hope you can cooperate with me. If possible, you’d better arrange for your Heavenly Void Army to escort you personally in case anything goes wrong,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

“Not only do we have to cooperate, but we also have to escort them?” Although the Heavenly Void Temple Master was a little angry, he did not dare lose his temper. “Sure!”

“Thank you very much. Goodbye.”

Jian Wushuang smiled and turned to leave.

Seeing Jian Wushuang leave, the Heavenly Void Temple Master let out a heavy sigh. Then his consciousness avatar slowly disappeared into the void.

The cultivators of the Heavenly Void Temple were still in a daze.

They had not recovered from their shock.

As for Jian Wushuang, after he had agreed with the Master of the Heaven Void Temple, he immediately left and went to the Dragon God Realm to meet the Old Dragon God.

…