Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2898: Bone Emperor

——

Under the guidance of Dong Ling, Jian Wushuang arrived at the Bone Emperor Castle.

Upon entering the Bone Emperor Castle, all he could see was a pile of white bones.

When he reached the deepest part of the Bone Emperor Castle, Jian Wushuang finally saw the Bone Emperor on a high platform made entirely of skulls. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Sir, Mr. Jian Yi has arrived,” Dong Ling greeted respectfully.

“Greetings, Lord Bone Emperor.” Jian Wushuang also bowed humbly.

He knew very well that the Bone Emperor was far stronger than him in terms of strength alone. He should also maintain a certain amount of respect in front of the Bone Emperor.

While bowing, he also looked at the skinny, short, and ordinary-looking old man on the throne. At first glance, this old man looked no different from an ordinary person. If it were not for the fact that they were in the Bone Emperor Castle… it was hard for Jian Wushuang to imagine that this old man was the overlord of the Nine Realms of the Golden Crow.

“Dong Ling, you may leave first,” Bone Emperor ordered in a gentle voice.

“Yes.” Dong Ling immediately left, leaving only Jian Wushuang and Bone Emperor in the vast space of corpses.

“Please take a seat.” Bone Emperor waved his hand, and a throne made of white bones appeared behind Jian Wushuang. Jian Wushuang did not stand on ceremony and directly sat down. Then, the throne rose to a high place and sat on the same level as the Bone Emperor.

“Jian Yi, do you know why I’ve invited you here today?” Bone Emperor looked at Jian Wushuang with a smile.

“I don’t know. Please enlighten me, Lord Bone Emperor.” Jian Wushuang shook his head.

“Actually, it’s nothing. I just feel that you have great potential, so I want to meet you.” The Bone Emperor said.

“Is it that simple?” Jian Wushuang frowned.

Of course, he did not think that the Bone Emperor’s purpose was so simple.

“Jian Yi, I have investigated your information. You came from the Pill Sun Sacred World and rose for a very short time. When you rose, you tried to help the declining Crimson Rock Castle. However, as far as I know, there is no relationship between you and Crimson Rock Castle. So, if I’m not wrong, you must have a deep relationship with the fallen Crimson Rock Saint, right?” The Bone Emperor suddenly asked.

“Yes, I do.” Jian Wushuang did not deny it.

“Are you a personal disciple of Saint Crimson Rock?” The Bone Emperor asked.

“No.” Jian Wushuang shook his head. “Saint Crimson Rock and I are just working together. His remaining consciousness has given me a lot of benefits, so I promised to help his daughter, Yin Su’er, get out of this predicament and take full control of Crimson Rock Castle.”

His relationship with the Crimson Rock Saint and the agreement between the two of them were not convenient to announce previously.

However, now that the Pill Sun Sacred World had completely stabilized, there was nothing left to hide.

“Is that so?” The Bone Emperor raised his brows, following that, he smiled sinisterly and said, “That Crimson Rock Saint has really good taste. He is clearly already dead, yet he was able to invite such a genius to help crimson rock castle. If Crimson Rock Castle did not have your full assistance, I’m afraid it would have long ceased to exist.”

After a pause, Bone Emperor spoke again, “For a genius like you, or even a monster, to ask you to work for him wholeheartedly, Saint Crimson Rock must have paid a great price.”

Jian Wushuang’s expression changed. He vaguely felt that this Lord Bone Emperor was trying to trick him again.

“Saint Crimson Rock did pay a price, but when I agreed with Saint Crimson Rock, I didn’t even reach the level of Divine Master. Therefore, my horizons were very limited. The treasures given by Saint Crimson Rock were not very precious, but they were of great use to me at that time. As a person who values friendship, I will do my best to fulfill my promise to others. Although it’s a little difficult, I will still do my best,” Jian Wushuang said.

“That can’t be right,” Bone Emperor said with a strange smile. “It’s a scroll of heaven-sealing painting. It’s a treasure that many Immortal Saints would fight over. So how could it become an insignificant treasure in your mouth?”

Hearing this, Jian Wushuang’s expression suddenly changed. Although he recovered immediately, Bone Emperor still noticed it.

Bone Emperor’s eyes immediately flashed with a bright light. “Sure enough, Hongshi gave you the heaven-sealing map scroll in his hand!”

“Lord Bone Emperor, if you have anything to ask, feel free to ask. There’s no need to beat around the bush.” Jian Wushuang frowned with some displeasure.

“Haha, don’t be nervous. It’s just that I couldn’t be sure before, so I can’t say too much about some things. But now that I know that Hongshi’s heaven-sealing map scroll is in your hands, it’s easy to deal with.” Bone Emperor smiled indifferently. “The seal the heavens painting, that’s a good thing. It’s said that the complete seal of the heavens painting contains a great fortune, and it’s even related to a great secret. But unfortunately, the seal the heavens painting has been divided into countless pieces since a long time ago. So it’s impossible to gather the complete seal of the heavens painting.

“However, there have been rumors in the outside world that even if there is only one heaven-sealing painting scroll, it will be of great help to the cultivator. Gathering two scrolls is even more useful. As for gathering three scrolls, it is said that you can get a great opportunity. Although I don’t know whether this rumor is true or not, since it can spread throughout the entire absolute beginning divine realm, it is most likely useful. And I have known for a long time that Crimson Rock has a heaven-sealing painting scroll. Even his death is related to this heaven-sealing painting scroll.”

“However, since his death, some of the treasures in his hands have been passed down from Crimson Rock Castle. However, there has been no news of the heaven-sealing scroll. I only heard that he left it in his tomb, waiting for someone to pass his test and become his personal disciple.

“Since the consciousness left by Saint Crimson Rock has met you for the New Year and agreed with you, the heaven-sealing scroll most likely fell into your hands. Only treasures like the heaven-sealing scroll can move a genius like you. Therefore, I deliberately tested you just now. Now it seems that it’s true.”

However, Jian Wushuang’s expression had turned cold.

“Indeed, the heaven-sealing scroll is in my hands. Could it be that Lord Bone Emperor came for it?” Jian Wushuang stared at Bone Emperor.

“Don’t misunderstand. I’m not interested in the heaven-sealing scroll in your hands. After all, you’re not the only one who has it. I also have one in my hands,” Bone Emperor said as he flipped his hand, he immediately took out an ancient scroll that emitted a mysterious aura.

…