Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2902: Divine Palace of Heaven and Earth

——

In the cave mansion, Jian Wushuang was still sitting cross-legged, but with the guidance of the power…

Rumble~

Jian Wushuang felt that the scene in front of him immediately began to change.

Heaven and Earth changed, and in the blink of an eye, Jian Wushuang had arrived in a hazy void.

This void was surrounded by countless strange air currents. Each of these air currents contained extremely pure power.

If Jian Wushuang was not mistaken, this air current was the Qi of chaos.

“This feeling…” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed slightly.

He had encountered the same thing before.

They were both sitting cross-legged, but they were all brought to a special space because of a treasure.

Last time, he had obtained a mysterious golden stone, which led him to a huge temple gate, which led to the space-time temple gate. After crossing the gate, Jian Wushuang learned the space-time divine skill there.

For example, the heaven-designating skill was the first move of the space-time divine skill.

Since he had mastered this move, it had helped him countless times.

And now, the same heaven and earth transformation was happening. The only difference was that the heaven sealing painting had brought him to this primal chaos void. What appeared in front of him was a majestic and beautiful divine palace. This divine palace was resplendent and resplendent, and its size was incomparably huge, it was extremely majestic.

Above the door of the divine palace, there were three words ‘Heaven and Earth’ on the plaque.

These two words were extremely mysterious. The sky was white, and the earth was black.

“Heaven and Earth?”

“What a domineering word. The sky is white, the earth is black, and it also represents yin and yang. Moreover, these two words clearly contain a special magic power. I’m too weak to sense anything, but if some truly top-notch existences were here, I’m afraid they would be able to see many things from these two words.” Jian Wushuang exclaimed.

After a while, he slowly walked toward the divine palace.

When he reached the gate of the divine palace, the gate in front of him opened, revealing a gray void. Without hesitation, Jian Wushuang continued to step through the gate, he stepped into the divine palace.

Once he entered the Divine Palace of Heaven and Earth, the gate closed again.

Jian Wushuang was completely in a gray void.

There was no material existence in this void, and even soul power was completely isolated. Jian Wushuang had no idea what was in this place.

But at this moment…

“A mere Divine Master could get three heaven-sealing maps to come to the Divine Palace of Heaven and Earth. Kid, you’re really lucky.” An old voice suddenly sounded from all directions, Jian Wushuang could not tell which direction it came from.

“Who is it?” Jian Wushuang immediately looked around, but he did not see anyone.

“Kid, listen, I am the spirit of the divine palace. According to the rules, since you have found three heaven-sealing maps and come to the divine palace, you can sleep in the divine palace for a year. After a year, you can leave,” the old voice said.

“Sleep for a year?” Jian Wushuang was stunned.

This was the opportunity in the divine palace.

“Kid, you don’t need to know too much. Just follow the rules. Now, you’d better go to sleep,” the old voice said. However, the voice came toward Jian Wushuang with an extraordinary power.

Hearing the voice, Jian Wushuang immediately fell asleep.

“How could it be?”

Jian Wushuang was shocked. He did not know what kind of power was contained in the old voice. Yet, even with his state of mind, he could not resist it.

But soon, Jian Wushuang’s consciousness fell into a deep sleep.

Jian Wushuang fell asleep.

However, in his deep sleep, even he did not know that his comprehension of the two rules of space-time and reincarnation had begun to accelerate.

This comprehension speed was much faster than when he calmed his mind and used the two heaven-sealing scrolls to comprehend. It was even incomparable.

The point was that this kind of comprehension was carried out naturally and could not be stopped by external forces.

Jian Wushuang’s consciousness was completely asleep, so he did not know this at all.

It should be known that Jian Wushuang’s comprehension of space-time rules and reincarnation had reached the limit of Divine Master. But, on the other hand, he was also infinitely close to the level of Immortal Saint and even half a step away.

Now, in his deep sleep, his comprehension of the space-time rule and the samsara rule was much faster than usual.

With this comprehension, his comprehension of the two rules gradually approached the level of the Immortal Saint.

Time gradually passed.

Jian Wushuang fell into a deep sleep and did not know how much time had passed in the outside world.

Finally…

“It’s time, wake up.”

The old voice spoke again, still coming from all directions.

The voice was like a bolt from the blue, instantly waking up Jian Wushuang who had fallen into a deep sleep. Jian Wushuang suddenly opened his eyes.

“I’m…”

When Jian Wushuang woke up, he was still a little confused and had not completely understood the situation in front of him.

But when he saw the gray void around him clearly, he immediately understood.

“I should have fallen asleep just now. How long did I sleep? A year?” Jian Wushuang frowned.

“Baby, you seem to be very talented. You must have made a lot of progress during the year you slept. Take a good look.” The old voice sounded again.

Jian Wushuang immediately began to investigate his changes. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

His pupils suddenly shrank.

“Rules, the rules I’ve comprehended!” Jian Wushuang’s body trembled. He raised his right hand, and a large amount of the power of the rules of time and space gathered in his hand. Then he waved his hand.

Whoosh!

Immediately, nearly 400 powerful space-time blades swept out.

Each of these space-time blades was extremely sharp and contained an astonishing killing power.

“Nearly 400, this is… the level of an Immortal Saint!”

“My comprehension of the space-time rule has broken through?”

Jian Wushuang was stunned, but he quickly understood.

“The Divine Palace of Heaven and Earth is the opportunity contained in the Divine Palace of Heaven and Earth. It was a great opportunity that I obtained during the year I was asleep that allowed me to directly break through my comprehension of the space-time rule and truly reach the level of the Immortal Saint!”

“Moreover, not only the space-time rule but also the reincarnation rule seems to be the same!”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes were shining brightly. After making clear his current comprehension of the space-time rule, he began to try to condense the power of the reincarnation rule.

…