Chapter 2903: Storm

——

As expected, his comprehension of the reincarnation rules had also reached the level of the Immortal Saint.

“In just one year, my comprehension of the space-time and reincarnation rules has broken through?” Jian Wushuang was a little confused and in disbelief.

At this time, the old voice sounded again, “You only have three heaven-sealing painting scrolls and can only stay in the Divine Palace for a year. But if you have the chance to get more heaven-sealing painting scrolls in the future, such as six, you will have a greater opportunity.”

Jian Wushuang smiled bitterly.

It was hard to get even one heaven-sealing painting scroll. He was lucky to be able to get three.

As for finding another way to get three or six of them, it was probably just wishful thinking.

However, the three heaven-sealing painting scrolls alone were enough for him to get a great opportunity.

“Baby, leave.”

The old voice continued to spread, and the time around Jian Wushuang began to collapse.

In the blink of an eye, Jian Wushuang had escaped from the Divine Palace of Heaven and Earth.

Jian Wushuang was still sitting cross-legged in the cave mansion, but his eyes were wide open.

“Phew!”

Jian Wushuang exhaled, but his face was full of surprise and joy.

“I’ve long heard that you can get a great opportunity by gathering three heaven-sealing painting scrolls. Now it seems that it’s true.” Jian Wushuang sighed, “My comprehension of the space-time rule and the Samsara rule has already reached a bottleneck. I thought that it would take some time before I could break through the two rules. I didn’t expect that this opportunity would allow me to break through both rules, and my strength would soar!”

The strength of the comprehension of rules was crucial to a cultivator.

Among the factors that determined the strength of a cultivator, rule comprehension was a very important factor.

Previously, whether Jian Wushuang fought with the Black Blood Emperor, who had reached the second stage of Invincible Divine Master, or when he fought with Immortal Saints such as Realm Lord Tian Qu, he relied on his powerful divine power and his comprehension of sword principle, he also knew all kinds of methods and secret skills.

But in terms of rule comprehension, he was always at a disadvantage!

This disadvantage was huge.

For example, the Black Blood Emperor’s comprehension of rules was at the Immortal Saint level, but Jian Wushuang could not reach it.

But now, he had finally reached this step, which meant that he could use more rule power, display more powerful swordsmanship and some skills, and his battle strength would certainly increase.

In addition, there was another point, which was in the aspect of absolute arts…

“In the aspect of absolute arts, I have now broken through the eighth move of the spacetime sword art, thousand-square-shaped light. This move is only an ultimate skill at the level of a Divine Master. Moreover, it’s not the best among the ultimate skills at the level of a Divine Master. For me now, this move is far from enough!” Jian Wushuang thought.

The ultimate move that he created was a great killing weapon in his hands, and it was also very important.

When two cultivators were fighting, many times, the ultimate move that he created could decide the outcome or even life and death in the end.

As for the ultimate move, after Jian Wushuang made a breakthrough in his sword principle and nurtured the boundless sword tree, he wanted to try to create a stronger ultimate move, but unfortunately, his comprehension of the rules was too weak, which made him feel powerless to attack.

But now, it was different.

“Now, my comprehension of the space-time rules and the Samsara rules has reached the level of the immortal saint. The Samsara Sword Formation exists in the Samsara rules. If I use the Immortal Saint’s comprehension of the rules to perform the Samsara Sword Formation, I should be able to barely perform the fourth Samsara Sword Formation.”

“I don’t need to worry about the Samsara rules for now, but in terms of the space-time rules, I urgently need to create the ninth move of the space-time sword art. This move must be an absolute art at the level of a Saint, and its power must not be too low.”

Jian Wushuang thought to himself.

After making the decision, Jian Wushuang did not delay any further. He began to try to create new swordsmanship in the cave mansion.

An absolute art at the Saint-level could only be created by reaching the Immortal Saint-level in the comprehension of sword principle and rules. Jian Wushuang had already reached these two requirements. Most importantly, his comprehension was very high. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

With his current ability, it was indeed not difficult for him to create a new sword art.

Time passed, and in the blink of an eye, another year and four months had passed.

During this year and four months, Jian Wushuang was completely immersed in the study and innovation of sword art.

Until now, there was finally a result.

In the middle of a vast and desolate world, Jian Wushuang stood there like a statue. He held the Blood Mountain Sword tightly in his hand, and his eyes were slightly closed.

It was calm.

But suddenly, Jian Wushuang opened his eyes.

The moment he opened them, a fierce light immediately burst out.

A shocking and murderous sword essence directly burst out from Jian Wushuang’s body.

This sword essence did not burst out because Jian Wushuang guided the supreme sword essence in the Blood Mountain Sword. It was just Jian Wushuang’s own sword essence.

But with his current cultivation of sword principle, the sword essence that burst out with all his strength was also extremely powerful.

The sword essence was like a domain, sweeping toward the void in front of him in all directions.

And in the center of this world, Jian Wushuang, who stood there like a statue, finally drew his sword.

He held the sword with one hand and slowly raised it. Then, he drew a line.

This line seemed to be an easy one, but in fact, the moment he drew it, Jian Wushuang’s own sword essence and the power of the infinite sword tree in his body had been exerted to the extreme. Buzz, buzz, buzz! A large number of space-time rules condensed with the sword essence, time and space blades condensed one after another.

There were more than 400 densely packed time and space blades, and these time and space blades had completely fused with the sword essence.

The space-time rules and sword skills were perfectly combined!

Boom!

A fierce wind suddenly swept up between heaven and earth. A huge storm rose out of thin air in the void where Jian Wushuang’s sword essence was directed.

This storm contained more than 400 space-time blades and endless shocking sword essence. It was terrifying.

As the storm swept away, everything was crushed to pieces.

Jian Wushuang was still standing in the void, staring at the wanton storm ahead.

Although a certain distance separated them, Jian Wushuang could still feel that the power of the storm was terrifying.

He could guarantee that even if some ordinary Immortal Saints were caught in the storm, they would be crushed by the storm in an instant if their protective abilities were mediocre.

And the name of this sword was Storm!

…