Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2909: Decision

——

“I can’t. I can’t let Shuang Er go to the Supreme Emotion Valley.” Jian Wushuang clenched his hands.

He had been looking for her for a long time. It had been 100,000 years in his previous life.

Now that he finally saw Leng Rushuang again in this life, how could Jian Wushuang let her leave his side again?

Moreover, once Leng Rushuang went to a place, she had to abandon all her emotions and forget everything in the past…

Taking a deep breath, Jian Wushuang had made up his mind, and his face became determined.

Buzz, buzz, buzz.

His already extremely powerful aura suddenly soared at this moment.

When the experts of the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion around him saw this, their expressions immediately became solemn.

“Jian Yi, what do you want to do?” Elder Qin, who was suppressed in the Blood Mountain Sword, immediately shouted in a low voice. She could feel Jian Wushuang’s emotional fluctuation.

“What do you want to do? What do you think?” Jian Wushuang’s eyes turned cold.

The next moment… boom!

Jian Wushuang moved directly.

Like a flowing light phantom, he rushed toward the manor where Leng Rushuang lived with earth-shaking power.

As soon as he moved, the surrounding people also became violent.

“Stop him!” Long Xingzi shouted.

In an instant, four Immortal Saints from the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion, including Long Xingzi, moved simultaneously.

“Stop!”

Chu Yong’s voice was cold and harsh. He joined hands with another Immortal Saint, and the two of them stood in front of Jian Wushuang with monstrous auras.

Whoosh!

Chu Yong continued to wave his scarlet long spear, which was filled with flames. Then, finally, he left a huge fire passage in the void and suddenly appeared in front of Jian Wushuang.

The Immortal Saint who was standing with him waved his massive fist. His fist was like a vast mountain, containing millions of kilograms of strength. It was as if he was going to smash the sky with one punch.

The two stood in front of Jian Wushuang, while Long Xingzi and the other Immortal Saint attacked Jian Wushuang from both sides.

Jian Wushuang’s eyes were cold. The moment the Immortal Saints moved, a huge blood-red river with dark golden light surged out from his body.

The blood-red river surged with overwhelming power and covered the entire void in an instant.

Jian Wushuang had fully exerted his realm techniques, including the nine-universe blood-red river, the star-armor realm, and the prison of punishment.

Under the pressure of this realm, even experts like Long Xingzi, who were Immortal Saints, were immediately suppressed. Their strength was hidden by at least 20 percent.

Then, Jian Wushuang attacked at lightning speed.

His Blood Mountain Sword slashed forward two times in a row.

Clang! Clang!

Like a mountain, Chu Yong’s long spear and the Immortal Saint’s colossal fist were sent flying.

As for Long Xingzi, who was attacking from the side, Jian Wushuang also fought them head-on.

His sword light was powerful and quickly blocked the attacks of the two, but the four Immortal Saints also stopped him.

“Jian Yi, you have no right to be presumptuous in the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion!” Long Xingzi’s voice was cold, and his aura was getting stronger.

Beside him, Chu Yong and the other three Immortal Saints were also staring at Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang was indeed very famous in the Nine Realms of the Golden Crow. After all, he had killed two of them under the siege of the three Immortal Saints. Even the strongest among them, Long Xingzi, would not be a match for him in a one-on-one fight, but now they had four Immortal Saints working together, and this was the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion. They were confident that they could take Jian Wushuang down.

“Humph.”

Jian Wushuang snorted and did not speak. But at this moment, he immediately activated the supreme sword essence in the Blood Mountain Sword.

That supreme sword essence was extremely powerful. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Jian Wushuang’s understanding of the sword principle had reached the second level, the boundless sword tree, which was 3,300 meters tall. With this move, he instantly guided 1% of the sword essence to sweep out.

Buzz! Buzz!

A supreme and extraordinary sword essence suddenly burst out.

The power of this sword essence was so strong that it caused heaven and earth to be moved.

The four Immortal Saints surrounding Jian Wushuang changed their expressions when they sensed this sword essence.

“What a powerful sword essence!”

“When this sword essence killed Realm Lord Tian Qu and the others, it also burst out the same sword essence. Therefore, this sword essence must have come from the magic sword in his hand!”

“That magic sword, if I’m not mistaken, should be the sword principle magic weapon that Elder Mo used to refine with the Holy Heavenly Furnace and caused a huge commotion.”

“Be careful, don’t underestimate him.”

The four Immortal Saints looked highly solemn.

The supreme sword essence swept out, and with the help of this supreme sword essence, the power of Jian Wushuang’s swordsmanship suddenly soared.

Whoosh!

Jian Wushuang attacked again.

He slashed with one hand, and the Blood Mountain Sword in his hand drew a perfect arc in the void. In an instant, a shocking sword light was directly released.

This sword light was immense, boundless, and extremely bright.

The most important thing was the power contained in the sword light. Unfortunately, with the support of the supreme sword essence, the power became too terrifying.

When Long Xingzi, Chu Yong, and the others saw this sword light, the corners of their mouths could not help but twitch.

“Attack together to block!” Long Xingzi let out a low shout.

The four Immortal Saints immediately attacked.

The four of them came from the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion, and they worked together with great tacit understanding. Thus, although the four of them attacked separately, their power could be perfectly combined.

Boom!

A loud sound shook the sky and earth!

But in the end…

Four muffled groans sounded at the same time, and the four Immortal Saints of the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion were sent flying by the terrifying power of the sword light at the first moment.

Two of them were weaker, and their faces were a little pale. The rebounding force had slightly injured them.

“We four Immortal Saints can’t even fight head-on. The power of the sword light is so strong?” Long Xingzi was shocked.

He did not know that Jian Wushuang had used such a shocking sword light to kill Realm Lord Tian Qu when he had just made a breakthrough in his sword principle and guided his sword essence.

Now that Jian Wushuang’s comprehension of the space-time and reincarnation rules had reached the Immortal Saint-level, his strength had soared again. The power of such a sword light was naturally more terrifying.

Although Long Xingzi and the other three were working together, their strength was not much stronger. The most powerful Long Xingzi was only slightly stronger than the former master of the Heavenly Curve World. Therefore, even if they worked together, Jian Wushuang could still defeat them head-on!