Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2910: Gold-Dragon and Blood-Phoenix

——

“Those who block me will die!”

Jian Wushuang sent the four Immortal Saints flying with a single strike. His murderous aura was so strong that his cold voice spread throughout the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion.

The Dragon-phoenix Pavilion had been completely shaken. Countless experts and disciples had rushed here. When they saw Jian Wushuang send Long Xingzi and the others flying with a single strike, the experts and disciples of the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion were all shocked.

“That man… Jian Yi, it’s him!” Demoness Gu was among the crowd. When she saw this scene, her heart was filled with great waves.

Many years ago, she had fought with Jian Wushuang in the Beiming Star Field. At that time, Jian Wushuang was only slightly stronger than her.

It had only been a short while, but the latter was already strong enough to fight against the top experts of the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion. Moreover, it was a one-versus-four fight!

“Jian Yi, I admit that you are strong, but that doesn’t mean that you can do whatever you want in the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion. The Dragon-phoenix Pavilion has existed in the Nine Realms of the Golden Crow for so many years, and its heritage is beyond your imagination. Moreover, you are now staying in the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion’s nest!” So Long Xingzi’s eyes were like lightning, he stared at Jian Wushuang.

“Everyone, follow me to activate the formation and kill this boy!”

As soon as he finished his words, a surge of mighty divine power rose from Long Xingzi’s body.

The divine power did not sweep toward Jian Wushuang. Instead, it surged into the void above and merged with the tremendous sect-protecting formation that had always existed above the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion.

At the same time, Chu Yong and the other two Immortal Saints also surged with majestic divine power and merged with the sect-protecting formation.

As the divine power was poured in, an ancient and extremely powerful aura slowly invaded the sect-protecting formation.

Just as Long Xingzi had said, the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion had existed in the Nine Realms of the Golden Crow for so many years and had a very deep foundation.

The Dragon-phoenix Pavilion had many trump cards, and one of the most powerful trump cards was the sect-protecting formation that had been in and out of the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion for a long time!

The founder of the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion, Ancient Sage, had paid a great price to hire several powerful array masters to refine this formation. To refine this formation, the Ancient Sage had also spent a great deal of effort and cost, in particular, to find the two most critical true spirits that made up this formation. The Ancient Sage had to search through thousands of mountains and rivers to see it finally.

Ever since the formation was constructed, the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion had been guarding it for countless years. Unfortunately, over the years, the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion had encountered powerful enemies as well. For example, when the second Pavilion Master was still in power, the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion experienced a great crisis. However, even though the crisis was great… no one had been able to directly attack the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion’s headquarters because of the existence of the sect-protecting formation.

After generations of improvement by the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion, the power of this great formation became even more formidable.

And now, under the guidance of Long Xingzi and the other four Immortal Saints, the power of this sect-protecting great formation was unleashed.

“Roar!”

A furious roar and a hissing sound resounded through the void at the same time.

Two majestic forces began to gather within the sect-protecting great formation above. A moment later, they formed two enormous creatures.

One of the two giant creatures was a huge Golden Dragon that was more than a thousand feet long. This Golden Dragon had four claws and was covered in golden scales. A pair of golden eyes looked down on its colossal dragon head, these eyes contained endless pressure, and a massive surge of genuine Dragon Qi was completely spread out.

The other giant creature was scarlet all over as if it was covered in blood. It was also huge, but it looked extremely noble and beautiful. It was a phoenix, and it was a Blood Phoenix!

“Golden Dragon, Blood Phoenix?” Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes and looked at the two giant creatures above him.

After the Golden Dragon and Blood Phoenix were formed, the aura on its body had been increasing crazily. In just a moment, it had reached a shocking level.

Then, the Golden Dragon and Blood Phoenix moved directly.

Boom!

The huge four-clawed Golden Dragon swooped down. But, before its huge body could get close to Jian Wushuang, a shocking power of the true dragon had already pressed down on Jian Wushuang.

Suddenly, one of the four sharp claws of the Golden Dragon swung its front claw.

Whoosh! A bright golden light appeared in the void.

The golden light was so bright that it seemed to replace all the light in the world.

The void trembled violently under this claw.

“This power…” Jian Wushuang’s face darkened.

He could feel the power of the Golden Dragon’s claw. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

This claw could tear the sky apart. If it were just an ordinary Immortal Saint, he would probably be torn into pieces by this claw.

Fortunately, his battle strength was not comparable to that of an ordinary Immortal Saint.

Jian Wushuang stood in the void and looked up at the golden light that was attacking him. Then, he suddenly rushed forward, and the supreme sword essence was exerted to the limit in an instant.

Whoosh!

A vast and majestic sword light swept out again. The sword light was extremely shrill and collided with the incoming golden light. After a loud sound, both of them dissipated.

The Golden Dragon had already pounced over.

Kacha!

The Golden Dragon grabbed Jian Wushuang’s blood mountain sword with one of his dragon claws. Then, the second Dragon Claw grabbed Jian Wushuang’s head at lightning speed.

“Ridiculous.”

Jian Wushuang sneered. With a thought, the power of the Blood Mountain Sword in his hand soared. Under Jian Wushuang’s force, the sharp sword edge cut through the Golden Dragon’s sharp claw, and then it collided with the second claw. A powerful force was transmitted through the Dragon Claw. Jian Wushuang slightly lowered his body and took a few steps back.

However, just as he steadied himself, a scorching aura suddenly came from the void beside him.

Jian Wushuang turned his head and saw that the Blood Phoenix had already appeared by his side. Its mouth had also opened. Boom!

Scarlet flames that could burn the void spurted out of the Blood Phoenix’s mouth, and the vast world instantly turned into a scarlet sea of fire.

Jian Wushuang was in the center of the scarlet sea of fire.

“Wow, the temperature of this flame is terrifying. Fortunately, it’s me. If it were an ordinary Immortal Saint, I’m afraid that this flame would melt him in an instant.” Instead, Jian Wushuang was secretly amazed.

His body-protection ability was extremely powerful, and the key was that he had the perfect immortal body. The scarlet flames swept over him crazily. Although he was severely injured at the first moment, he quickly recovered with his divine power.

Whoosh!

Jian Wushuang flashed and escaped from the sea of fire.

…