Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2913: The World of Ice and Snow

——

Rumble!

Even though they were both Immortal Saints, the aura emanating from Saint Hong’s body was much stronger than Long Xingzi’s and the others’.

It was at least several times stronger.

This terrifying aura suppressed heaven and Earth. Saint Hong flipped his palm, and a Dark Golden Stone Staff appeared in his hand.

This Dark Golden Stone Stick had an extremely powerful aura. It was a saint treasure at the peak of the third grade.

Saint Hong took a step forward and instantly crossed the distance between him and Jian Wushuang. Thus, he appeared in front of Jian Wushuang.

Then, he swung the Dark Golden Stone Stick in his hand.

It looked like an ordinary person waving a stick. There was not much mystery to it, but a giant Dark Golden Stick Shadow appeared as soon as he swung the stick.

The Dark Golden Stick Shadow was mighty, like a Flood Dragon’s body. It suddenly swung toward Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang did not dare to be careless. When Saint Hong waved the stone stick in his hand, his Blood Mountain Sword immediately slashed out.

Jian Wushuang also waved his sword, but he had already exerted the power of his divine power to the maximum. The boundless sword tree in his body trembled slightly and burst out with eternal sword essence.

The supreme sword essence from the Blood Mountain Sword also burst out without restraint.

The sword light from the Blood Mountain Sword collided with the Dark Golden Staff Shadow in the blink of an eye.

Clang!

As soon as a low sound of collision was heard, a surge of divine power immediately formed a storm that swept out in all directions.

There were many experts from the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion around the two of them. When they saw the divine power storm, they were so frightened that they immediately retreated.

In the center of the battlefield, Jian Wushuang’s face was cold. Yet, he could feel the power contained in the Dark Golden Long Staff.

The power was not weaker than his, and it was even… a little stronger than his.

Suddenly, Saint Hong pulled his long staff and then smashed it again. Again, it was natural and without any hesitation.

Jian Wushuang also immediately waved his sword and used the same power. However, when the two collided again, Jian Wushuang’s body trembled slightly.

“Ha!” Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Saint Hong suddenly let out a long laugh. The dark golden long stick in his hand was like a firestorm wheel, smashing toward Jian Wushuang again and again.

Each stick contained a shocking power.

Each stick was violent and straightforward, but it was also extremely terrifying.

One stick after another crazily smashed toward Jian Wushuang. Even Jian Wushuang was a little surprised when he saw the stick shadow crazily smashing toward him.

Jian Wushuang immediately displayed his swordsmanship.

He also brandished his sword and met with Saint Hong head-on.

It was a head-on fight.

However, in such a fight, it was evident that Saint Hong had the absolute advantage while Jian Wushuang kept retreating.

Bang!

There was another violent bang. Jian Wushuang’s body sank and almost fell to the ground.

“Haha, I have comprehended the rules of the Earth. With the help of the power of the Earth, the power of my stick is endless, and each stick is stronger than the last. My long stick is made of special crystals, and I also pay attention to power. You, a sword principle cultivator who has comprehended the rules of space and time, dare to confront me head-on. You are overestimating yourself.”

Saint Hong’s mighty voice resounded in the world. He stepped forward again, and the dark golden long stick in his hand became more powerful. Then, with the power of the rules of the Earth, it attacked Jian Wushuang again.

Seeing this, Jian Wushuang’s eyes turned cold.

“Overestimating yourself?”

Jian Wushuang gave a strange smile, and then… Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Black streamers appeared in front of Jian Wushuang like black lightning.

These black streamers were the Netherblood divine swords at the superior heavenly treasure level.

Although these Netherblood divine swords were only at the superior heavenly treasure level, there were a total of 18 of them.

Under Jian Wushuang’s control, these 18 Netherblood divine swords had perfectly fused in the blink of an eye.

Buzz!

A faint humming sound, like the sound of a sword, slowly sounded.

A brand new, five-meter-long black divine sword with a very thin sword body appeared in the world.

The third level of the reincarnation sword formation… reincarnation drunk!

“This sword formation… is the reincarnation sword formation created by Sword Master Copper Heart?” Saint Hong looked at the sword formation with a strange expression.

Sword Master Copper Heart was a super expert who was almost invincible among the Immortal Saints. So Saint Hong naturally knew about it and knew about the reincarnation sword formation.

Sword Master Tong Xin was so famous that the power of the Samsara Sword Formation he created could not be underestimated.

“Go!”

Jian Wushuang pointed from afar, and the five-meter-long black magic sword instantly pierced through the void and shot toward Saint Hong.

In an instant, the black magic sword appeared in front of Saint Hong.

“Humph!”

Saint Hong snorted and waved the dark golden long stick in his hand. It brought along the endless power of the Earth’s rules and smashed directly into the black magic sword.

“Bang!”

The five-meter-long black divine sword shook slightly and then collapsed.

“It’s just the third reincarnation sword formation. It’s just a joke in front of me,” Saint Hong said disdainfully.

“Really?” Jian Wushuang smiled and said, “The third reincarnation sword formation can’t do anything to you. What about the fourth one?”

As soon as Jian Wushuang finished his words, the underworld blood divine swords reassembled.

This time, the combination was more complicated, and the power of the law of reincarnation was obviously bigger.

In the blink of an eye, a brand-new sword formation appeared in front of everyone.

It was also a black divine sword, but it was less than two meters long, but its body was very wide.

When the two-meter-long black divine sword was put together, the world around it suddenly turned gray.

This grayish-white looked as if it had fallen into a vast expanse of white snow.

There was a vast expanse of white everywhere except for the pitch-black divine sword in the void.

This black divine sword naturally became the sole focus of the world.

“The fourth level!” Saint Hong’s pupils could not help but shrink.

The reincarnation sword formation was stronger and stronger.

Previously, he was only at the third level of the Samsara drunkard. As long as his comprehension of the laws of reincarnation reached the limit of a supreme being, he could easily use it. He did not care about it at all.

However, the fourth level was completely different.

The fourth level of the reincarnation sword formation required the comprehension of the laws of reincarnation to reach the level of an Immortal Saint. Its power was much more powerful than the third level.

And this Samsara Sword Formation was called… the world of ice and snow!

“Kill!”

With a thought, Jian Wushuang shot out the only black divine sword in the vast white world.

It was extremely fast, and the most important thing was that it was too powerful!

…