Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2919: Heaven-Cleaving Skill, Heaven-Cleaving Sword

——

“How, how did this happen?”

“What, what happened?”

Everyone present was utterly dumbfounded.

Or rather, they were all frightened by the terrifying pressure of the supreme life level.

That pressure was too terrifying.

And this pressure came from Jian Wushuang.

At this moment, everyone stared at Jian Wushuang with horror in their eyes.

“What kind of monster is he?”

This question arose in everyone’s mind.

But at this moment, the monster in their eyes slowly raised the long sword in his hand.

As he raised the sword, the supreme life-level pressure immediately merged into his sword force.

It made his sword move terrifying!

Rumble…

The world suddenly shook, and the wind and clouds surged in the void above.

A large number of dark clouds had already covered the area crazily. But, at the same time, the supreme will of the Heavenly Dao, which existed in every corner of the divine beginning world, was slowly attracted over.

This was very normal. The Xuan Shen Daoist had warned Jian Wushuang that it was best not to use his strongest trump card, the pressure of the perfect life level.

Once the pressure was released, it would cause too much commotion and might attract the will of the Heavenly Dao.

To get the Mountain River Map, Jian Wushuang had used the pressure of the supreme life-level once. Then, he was lucky that the will of the Heavenly Dao did not come, but this time, he was not so fortunate.

However, Jian Wushuang did not care about that anymore.

Not only did he use the perfect life-level suppression, but he also used another trump card the moment he raised his longsword.

Jian Wushuang had a vast background and had many tricks and trump cards.

Among these trump cards, there was another one besides the life-level suppression!

This trump card was… the heaven-cleaving skill!

The heaven-severing technique was the strongest divine ability created by his master, Xuan Yi, and the first perfect primal chaos creature in the absolute beginning divine world.

This divine ability was left in his memory along with the five strongest secret techniques of the Seven Stars mysterious sect.

After his reincarnation, he understood the cultivation methods of these five strongest secret techniques and the heaven-severing technique.

He had chosen a suitable cultivation method for the five strongest secret techniques of the seven stars mysterious sect a long time ago. These years had also helped him immensely, allowing his strength to surpass those of the same level far.

However, he had never used the heaven-cleaving skill.

He did not want to use it, but that he was not qualified to use it.

If he wanted to use the heaven-cleaving skill, he had to be at least at the level of Immortal Saint or above. Although Xuan Yi had developed this divine ability based on his perfect life level, it was accompanied by the suppression of life level. However, Jian Wushuang had only used his life-level suppression once.

Now, his life-level suppression was spreading again.

Although he was only a Divine Master, his divine power was as strong as that of the Immortal Saint or even slightly stronger than that of the Immortal Saint.

Under such circumstances, he was qualified to use the heaven-cleaving skill.

As Jian Wushuang raised the longsword in his hand, a terrifying power that suffocated everyone slowly spread out.

In front of Jian Wushuang, the cold and arrogant woman had just looked down on Jian Wushuang, but now her face was pale.

It was not only her but also the other disciples from the Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley.

They had already felt a suffocating power from the Blood Mountain Sword that they could not resist.

The cold and arrogant woman regretted attacking Jian Wushuang.

But now that Jian Wushuang had raised his long sword, it was impossible for him to stop. So even if she regretted it, it was useless.

“Go to hell!”

Jian Wushuang’s cold voice exploded in the world.

“Heaven-cleaving skill, heaven-cleaving skill!”

Boom!

The Blood Mountain Sword in Jian Wushuang’s hand finally fell.

The long sword fell straight down, just like how he usually swung his sword. However, the difference was that he exerted the pressure of his perfect life to the extreme with the help of the heaven-cleaving skill.

Buzz, buzz, buzz!

A vast sword sea swept out of thin air.

This sword sea was huge and boundless. As soon as it appeared, it enveloped the void in front of it.

“Not good!”

Seeing the sword sea cover them, the nine undying saints of the Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley turned pale with fright.

However, they were suppressed by the perfect life-form and could not move at all. They could only watch as the sword sea completely submerged them.

As they fell into the sword sea, a unique power immediately attacked them. In front of this power, they had no room to struggle at all.

“Immortal body! I have an immortal body!” Zi Yi was terrified. He knew that he could not block this sword sea, but he still had a high chance of survival. After all, he was a True Saint, and he had the immortal body.

This sword sea was a material attack. But, even if it could destroy his immortal body, he could use his immortal body to rebuild it.

That was what he thought.

However, when the sword sea acted on him, and the special power attacked him, he was completely stunned.

“This power… directly destroyed my divine power?” Zi Yi was stunned.

He had personally felt the power mercilessly destroy his divine power. From the beginning to the end, he had no ability to resist or struggle.

As the sword sea swept past, Zi Yi, the true saint expert who had just fought Jian Wushuang one-on-one and had the absolute advantage, was completely annihilated. Not even a trace was left behind.

Zi Yi was the first to die, and then, whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Under the cover of the sword sea, the Immortal Saints from the Supreme Emotion Valley followed in Zi Yi’s footsteps.

Before they died, these Immortal Saints were terrified. They did not expect that the sword sea that covered them would not only be extremely powerful but also have a unique ability that made their immortal bodies ineffective.

Hum hum hum!

The sword sea covered the entire battlefield and enveloped the nine Immortal Saints from the Supreme Emotion Valley. However, under Jian Wushuang’s control, the sword sea did not touch Leng Rushuang at all. As for the nine Immortal Saints from the Supreme Emotion Valley, they had already suffered a catastrophe.

In the blink of an eye, eight of the nine Immortal Saints were killed on the spot! Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Silence!

The huge Dragon-phoenix Pavilion had fallen into a dead silence. There was no sound at all!