Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2939: List of Names

—— Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“I’ve already said that all you have to do is to stay alive in this Black Dragon Mountain for ten days. There are no other restrictions. You can use whatever means you have. As long as you have enough strength, let alone killing these people behind me during the fierce battle, you can even treat them as prey and hunt them down.” The goateed old man said with a smile.

Hearing this, the experts of the Black Dragon Mountain felt relieved.

Especially the powerful Immortal Saints of the Black Dragon Mountain.

“However, there is one thing. No one is allowed to escape underground. This is the only rule.” The goateed Elder said coldly, “Don’t take any chances. Right now, the Black Dragon Mountain is completely within the enchantment of our Heaven-cleaving Alliance. Your every move is monitored by our Heaven-cleaving Alliance. If anyone dares to escape underground, our Heaven-cleaving Alliance will immediately execute them.”

The people of Black Dragon Mountain looked at each other and nodded secretly.

This pursuit was obviously a test. Moreover, the Heaven-cleaving Alliance had indeed given them a great chance of survival.

And if they were to escape underground again…

Although this land was not big, there were too many places to hide if they were to count underground.

If a cultivator deliberately hid in the deepest part of the underground, it would be much more difficult to search. The Heaven-cleaving Alliance knew this, which was why they set the rule that they were not allowed to hide underground.

“Well, the opportunity has been given to you. Now it’s up to you to seize it. Try your best to escape in a day.” The goateed elder waved his hand.

The densely packed experts of Black Dragon Mountain immediately turned to the East God.

They saw a large number of figures rushing in all directions at the fastest speed. In a moment, they had completely disappeared in front of Jian Wushuang and the others who were participating in the assessment.

The five Immortal Saints and 27 Divine Masters who were participating in the assessment stood there with strange expressions on their faces.

Although the goateed Elder did not tell them about the contents of the assessment, they had roughly understood it through the conversation between the goateed Elder and the experts from Black Dragon Mountain.

This assessment was nothing more than a large-scale hunt.

And whether they could pass the assessment should be determined by the quality and number of experts they killed from the Black Dragon Mountain.

At this time, the goateed old man had already turned around. At the same time, he waved his sleeve and immediately threw jade slips at everyone present.

“This is the list of experts from the Black Dragon Mountain. Other than the Patriarch of the Black Dragon Mountain who has already been killed by Lord Yao Yu, more than 90% of the others are currently on this land. and according to their strength, the Heaven-slaying Alliance has marked the corresponding points for these experts from the Black Dragon Mountain. Take a careful look.” The goateed old man said.

Everyone took the jade slip and began to examine it carefully.

Sure enough, the jade slip was a list of experts. There were hundreds of experts on the list, all of whom were at least at the Great Divine Master level.

As for the Immortal Saint, there were 11 of them on the list!

“11 Immortal Saints.” Jian Wushuang’s pupils constricted.

He had just reached the gap. There were indeed 12 Immortal Saints in Black Dragon Mountain. Besides the strongest True Saint who had been killed by Yao Yu, there were still 11 left. The 11 Immortal Saints had also spread out.

The points for these 11 Immortal Saints were also very high.

According to their strength, the weakest Immortal Saint had 10,000 points, while the slightly stronger one had around 20,000 to 30,000 points.

In addition, among the 11 Immortal Saints, two had reached the level of a Peak False Saint. They had the highest points, each with 50,000 points.

“Is this the point to judge whether we can pass the test?” Jian Wushuang muttered.

The goateed Elder spoke again, “You should have guessed the content of this test, so I don’t need to say anything more. I’ll only tell you the standard of passing the test. It’s very simple. The Immortal Saint has 50,000 points, while the Divine Master has 10,000 points!”

Hearing this, the five Immortal Saints’ pupils could not help but shrink.

The reverent gods also had solemn expressions.

50,000 points were not small for those Immortal Saints. After all, killing the weakest Immortal Saint was only 10,000 points. If they wanted to gather 50,000 points… it meant that they had to kill two or three Immortal Saints from Black Dragon Mountain.

But Immortal Saints were not so easy to kill.

It was also extremely difficult to gather 10,000 points against 27 Immortal Saints.

After all, on this list of experts, other than the 11 Immortal Saints who had more than 10,000 points, the rest of the Immortal Saints did not have very high points. For example, below the Immortal Saint of Black Dragon Mountain, the strongest had four Invincible Divine Masters, each of these four Invincible Divine Masters only had 3,000 points.

As for Peak Great Divine Masters… the average Peak Great Divine Masters only had 500 points. Even some extremely powerful Peak Great Divine Masters only had at most 1,000 points.

In other words, if these Divine Masters wanted to pass the test, they would have to kill at least a dozen Peak Great Divine Masters of Black Dragon Mountain.

It was not difficult for them to kill a Divine Master at the peak of the Black Dragon Mountain with their strength. However, it was not easy for them to pass the test in just ten days, especially since they had gathered on the land where the Immortal Saint had gathered.

“I’ve long heard that the Heaven-cleaving Alliance’s test is extremely harsh. Now it seems that it’s true.” Jian Wushuang sighed.

He only sighed slightly, but he did not feel too much pressure.

It was only 10,000 points. It was absolutely not difficult for him.

“Sir, I wonder how we can determine that we killed the experts of the Black Dragon Mountain after we killed them?” A Divine Master asked.

“That’s simple. The Black Dragon Mountain can be considered a relatively powerful force in endless territories. Every expert under the command of the Black Dragon Mountain has an identity token. This identity token corresponds to their identity. After 10 days have passed and everyone has stopped, I will calculate your respective points based on the identity token you have obtained,” the goateed Elder said.

Hearing this, everyone nodded.

“Well, I’ve told you everything I need to tell you. The information on the experts of Black Dragon Mountain is very detailed. Take a look and be fully prepared. You can leave in one day,” the goateed Elder said.

Jian Wushuang immediately began to carefully read the information on the experts on the list.

Time flew by, and in the blink of an eye, a day had passed.

…