Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2940: Slaughter

——

“Time’s up. Let’s go,” the goateed Elder said in a deep voice.

The five Immortal Saints, 27 Divine Masters, and Jian Wushuang, who had been waiting in the void for a long time, set off immediately.

Everyone spread out and headed in their respective directions.

Jian Wushuang also flew straight ahead.

“This land is not big, and the experts of Black Dragon Mountain can’t hide underground. It shouldn’t be difficult to find them. Ten days should be enough time.”

Jian Wushuang smiled. He was also very fast, flying in the direction of the beginning alone.

While he was flying, his soul power was also unscrupulously spread.

Although his soul level was not high, it was extremely tough. His soul power was also very vast and covered a wide area. After four hours of unscrupulous soul searching, he had already sensed the presence of several experts in a dense forest.

“Hiding in the dense forest and deliberately concealing your aura, do you think I can’t find you?”

Jian Wushuang stood in the void above the dense forest and looked down with a mocking smile. “Come out.”

A magnificent voice came out of Jian Wushuang’s mouth and reverberated throughout the entire dense forest.

In the dense forest, the expressions of the experts from Black Dragon Mountain who were carefully hiding there changed.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Four figures rose up at the same time and appeared in front of Jian Wushuang.

“He was discovered so quickly?”

“This kid’s perceptive ability is quite strong.”

“I heard from the Elders that the Divine Masters who dared to participate in the Heaven-cleaving Alliance’s assessment are all top-notch Divine Masters and even Invincible Divine Masters. It’s not strange that their perceptive ability is strong.”

The four experts from Black Dragon Mountain stared at Jian Wushuang with cold eyes.

“Two Peak Divine Masters and two Advanced Divine Masters are working together?” Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows, but he was not surprised. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The goateed Elder said that the experts from Black Dragon Mountain only needed to survive for ten days, and they could use any other means.

Even if they joined hands, it was not against the rules.

“Hum, boy, I know you must be strong since you dared to participate in the assessment of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance. But now that the four of us have joined hands, we are not afraid of you at all. If you know what’s good for you, you’d better leave now, or else…” a purple-haired demonic youth among the four said, but he had not finished his words.

“Shut up!”

Jian Wushuang shouted in a low voice and flew out.

Like a bolt of lightning, Jian Wushuang appeared in front of the four.

“Be careful!”

“Kill him!”

The four Great Divine Masters of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance looked cold. Two of them had killing intent in their eyes, and their divine power burst out instantly.

They were only Great Divine Masters. They had never heard of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance before. It was only because the Heaven-cleaving Alliance had used a barrier to completely seal them that they knew of the existence of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance. As for some of the matters of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance… they had also heard about it from some Elders of the Black Dragon Mountain who were at the level of Immortal Saints.

But they did not know much.

They only knew that the Divine Masters who dared to participate in the Heaven-cleaving Alliance’s assessment were very strong, but they did not know how strong they were.

Now, they thought that the four Great Divine Masters would be able to defeat Jian Wushuang.

But in the end…

Buzz!

A demonic sword light flashed past.

The four Great Divine Masters did not even see how Jian Wushuang attacked, but the sword light had already passed them.

The four of them widened their eyes and opened their mouths, but their vitality had been completely cut off.

“Two Peak Great Divine Masters and two Advanced Great Divine Masters didn’t run away when they saw me?” Jian Wushuang looked at the four corpses and shook his head with a smile.

Among the 27 Divine Masters who had come to participate in the assessment, 99% of them were Invincible Divine Masters. Any one of them was enough to wipe out a group of Peak Great Divine masters. In front of an Invincible Divine Master, the four of them were nothing but butchered, they would be slaughtered.

What was laughable was that the four of them not only did not run away, but also wanted to defeat him?

Whoosh!

Jian Wushuang waved his hand and took away their interspatial rings. In their interspatial rings, Jian Wushuang also found their identity tokens.

By comparing the identities on the identity tokens with the list given by the goateed elder, Jian Wushuang soon learned their identities and knew the points he could get.

“The two ordinary Divine Masters are only worth 500 points, and the two Advanced Divine Masters are even weaker. One of them is only worth 100 points. I can only get 1,200 points from the four of them.” Jian Wushuang smiled bitterly.

1,200 points were still far from the 10,000 points he could get from the assessment.

“Let’s continue.”

Jian Wushuang continued to move forward and began to kill.

…

In Black Dragon Mountain, the killing had already begun.

The experts on the list were scattered in every corner of Black Dragon Mountain. Some of them were still working together.

The five Immortal Saints and 27 Divine Masters who participated in the assessment were frantically searching for the experts of Black Dragon Mountain and trying to kill them.

The experts of Black Dragon Mountain were only trying to survive, while the participants were trying to get more points.

For their own purposes, a bloody storm had begun on this land.

All kinds of battles were happening on this land.

…

In a flash, two days had passed.

On a vast and empty land.

“Kill him!”

With a fierce shout, five figures, namely five Peak Divine Masters, turned into five streams of light and attacked Jian Wushuang at an incredible speed.

These five Peak Divine Masters were all extraordinary in strength, and there were even two Peak Divine Masters who had 1,000 points.

If the five of them worked together and met an ordinary Invincible Divine Master, they could really fight.

However, the one they met was Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang’s figure was strange and ethereal. He moved freely in the void, bringing with him the power of endless space-time rules. The five Peak Divine Masters who were surrounding him could not capture his real body.

Without any warning, he appeared behind a Peak Divine Master and slashed out with his Blood Mountain Sword. The Peak Divine Master did not have time to react before his head was cut off by Jian Wushuang.

Then, Jian Wushuang’s figure flashed four times in a row.

Jian Wushuang also slashed out four times in a row, each of which chopped off someone’s head.

In the blink of an eye, the five Great Divine Masters were all killed.

…