Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2944: Special Events

——

“Boy from the Heaven-slaying Alliance, you didn’t run away when you saw me coming? Aren’t you worried that I’ll kill you?” The golden-haired middle-aged man stared at Jian Wushuang with cold eyes.

“Not long ago, an Immortal Saint from the Black Dragon Mountain met me. He wanted to kill me, but he died in my hands. His name is Jin Shan. You should know him,” Jian Wushuang said with a faint smile.

“Jin Shan? You killed junior brother Jin Shan?” The blond middle-aged man’s expression changed.

Jian Wushuang did not say anything. He just waved his hand and took out a token.

This token was Jin Shan’s identity token.

The blond middle-aged man only glanced at it and immediately recognized it.

“It really is junior brother Jin Shan’s identity token. You killed junior brother Jin Shan, you deserve to die!” The blond middle-aged man instantly became furious.

A terrifying aura burst out from the golden-haired middle-aged man’s body. The golden-haired middle-aged man was filled with towering hostility. His two palms were covered with golden fists. A golden light flashed and an ear-piercing air explosion was heard, the golden-haired middle-aged man had already appeared in front of Jian Wushuang, and the fists in his hands were also violently thrown at Jian Wushuang.

Naturally, Jian Wushuang was not afraid at all. He immediately fought head-on with the golden-haired middle-aged man.

…

The fighting continued in the Black Dragon Mountain.

The enchantment that covered the entire Black Dragon Mountain still existed. As long as the enchantment existed, no one could escape from Black Dragon Mountain.

There was a void outside the enchantment, and a magnificent tower was floating there quietly.

On the top floor of the tower, two figures sat facing each other, sipping the fine wine in front of them.

“Yao Yu, what are you planning to do?” The elegant purple-haired youth asked.

Sitting opposite the purple-haired youth was Yao Yu, the heaven rank member who had easily killed the Black Dragon Mountain’s Patriarch.

However, Yao Yu was not wearing a mask at the moment, revealing an extremely beautiful face that could make one’s mind waver.

“There’s no rush. It’s not easy for me to come out. I’ll wait for some time,” Yao Yu said.

“Is this alright? If I remember correctly, if that Lord behind you knows that you secretly ran out, he will likely be a little unhappy.” The purple-haired young man said playfully.

“Who cares. That old fellow’s character is extremely withdrawn. I’m different from him. If it wasn’t for him forcing me back then, I wouldn’t have been willing to be his disciple.” Yao Yu said.

“Haha, that lord’s character is a little withdrawn. However, he treats your disciple quite well.” The purple-haired young man laughed.

Yao Yu and the purple-haired youth clearly knew each other, and they had a certain degree of friendship. The two chatted casually.

But at this moment…

Deng deng deng!

A gray-robed figure walked up the stairs anxiously and soon arrived in front of the two.

“Lord, a special event has occurred in the Black Dragon Mountain.” The gray-robed figure bowed respectfully.

“Special event?” The purple-haired youth put down the wine cup in his hand and frowned slightly.

“We have already thoroughly investigated the background of Black Dragon Mountain. After that ancestor was killed by me, this Black Dragon Mountain should no longer be able to cause any waves. Now that a special event has occurred, could it be those people who participated in the assessment?” Yao Yu said in surprise.

“Why don’t we go and take a look?” The purple-haired young man smiled.

The two of them immediately stood up and walked downstairs.

On the lower floor, in a dark space, several gray-robed men were gathered there.

At the front of this space, there were dozens of mirror images.

Before the assessment began, the goateed old man had said that everything in the Black Dragon Mountain was under the surveillance of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance. This was indeed true.

The Heaven-cleaving Alliance could see every corner of Black Dragon Mountain clearly through the barrier.

Wherever there was an intense battle in Black Dragon Mountain, it could be seen from the mirror image in the dark space.

When the purple-haired young man and Yao Yu came to this dark space, they were immediately attracted by the mirror image in front of them.

In the mirror image, there were two people fighting fiercely.

They knew that one of the two people fighting fiercely was Jin Shi, one of the two strongest top False Saint experts in Black Dragon Mountain.

But the other person…

“A god, a Divine Master?” The purple-haired young man was extremely shocked.

“A Divine Master can fight head-on with a top False Saint without being at a disadvantage?” Yao Yu was also extremely shocked.

What they saw was the battle between Jian Wushuang and the golden-haired middle-aged man.

One was a superior False Saint, and the other was only a Divine Master. The result of this battle should have been without any suspense.

But now…

“How long have they been fighting?” The purple-haired young man asked.

“Sir, it has been a while.” A gray-robed man next to him said respectfully. “We have found out that the Divine Master fighting with Jin Shi is called Sword Heaven Marquis from the 385th Lair. We have noticed him a few days ago.”

“A few days ago?” The purple-haired young man looked over in surprise.

“Sir, a few days ago, Heavenly Sword Marquis had already fought with the Immortal Saint in Black Dragon Mountain. He has already killed two Immortal Saints. One of the two Immortal Saints is also participating in this assessment. His strength is average, but the other is an Immortal Saint from Black Dragon Mountain. His name is Golden Mountain. When Heavenly Sword Marquis killed the two of them, he displayed extremely strong battle strength.”

“But because the Immortal Saints he killed were not very strong, we paid special attention to it but did not report it to you. But just now, Sword Heavenly Marquis fought with Golden Lion of Black Dragon Mountain. We immediately came to report it.” The gray-robed man said.

The purple-haired young man nodded slightly.

Although he was in charge of the assessment, as long as there were no major changes in the assessment process, he would not give it to the gray-robed men. These gray-robed men also knew their own judgment. Only when there was something really important… that was why he told him.

Although Jian Wushuang had shown great strength when he killed the two Immortal Saints, they were not so shocked that they did not report it to the purple-haired young man.

But now it was different.

After all, the golden lion is a genuine top False Saint!

A deity was able to fight a peak False Saint head-on without losing. Such strength was rare even in the vast absolute beginning divine realm.

“Yao Yu, what do you think?” The purple-haired young man looked at Yao Yu.

“Sword Heavenly Marquis is indeed very impressive. From the techniques he has displayed, his basic divine power is extremely strong, not inferior to an ordinary false saint. The reason why he could fight against Golden Lion like this is because his comprehension of the sword principle is extremely high!” Yao Yu exclaimed.

“His comprehension of Sword Dao is too high. If I’m not wrong, not only has he nurtured the boundless sword tree, but it has also grown to a height of at least 20,000 feet, or even 30,000 feet. Otherwise, his sword arts would not be so powerful!”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)