Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2948: Rejection

——

After listening to Long Yun’s detailed explanation, Jian Wushuang had a certain understanding of the three palaces.

To put it bluntly, the three palaces were specifically used by the Heaven-cleaving Alliance to cultivate geniuses and monsters.

The Heaven-cleaving Alliance’s forces were spread across every corner of the Primordial Palace, and there were countless experts who joined the Heaven-cleaving Alliance. However, these experts were very loose and there were no restrictions. Among the experts who joined the Heaven-cleaving Alliance, it was inevitable that there would be some extremely outstanding geniuses who were monsters.

To these top geniuses and monsters, the Heaven-cleaving Alliance would send out an invitation, asking them to join the three palaces.

Once they entered these three palaces, they could receive the greatest degree of cultivation in the entire absolute Beginning Divine Realm. There were countless resources and treasures, and because they had everything, they could allow this genius monster’s strength to increase at the fastest speed, however, there were two sides to everything.

If he wanted to enter the three palaces and receive the best cultivation, then from now on, this genius would truly belong to the Heaven-cleaving Alliance.

Although he did not have to be absolutely loyal to the Heaven-cleaving Alliance, he had to contribute some strength to the Heaven-cleaving Alliance.

“Brother Tianhou, during the ten days you roamed the Black Dragon Mountain, Xue Yu and I saw your performance clearly through the enchantment, including the fact that you killed the Peak False Saint Jin Shi of the Black Dragon Mountain!” Long Yun looked at Jian Wushuang solemnly.

“You are only a Divine Master, but you have the battle strength of a True Saint. Your comprehension of the sword principle is so high that you have already surpassed many True Saints. With such talent, Xue Yu and I are sure that you can enter the Primordial Palace of the three palaces. You can even enter the Primal Chaos Palace if you try your best to improve the rules!”

“That’s the Primal Chaos Palace. Even if our Heaven-cleaving Alliance gathers all the countless geniuses in the absolute Beginning Divine Realm, there are only a few dozen people who can enter the Primal Chaos Palace to cultivate in each era. If these people walk out from the Primal Chaos Palace in the future, as long as they don’t die midway, 99% of them can become Masters of Laws!”

“Even Xue Yu and I yearn for such a place.”

Long Yun exclaimed, and Xue Yu, who was beside him, also showed a fanatical look.

After a long while, Long Yun calmed down a little and asked, “Brother Heavenly Marquis, how about it? Do you want to go to the core level of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance with me?”

Long Yun looked at Jian Wushuang with a look of anticipation.

Hearing his words, Jian Wushuang thought for a while and then shook his head. “I’m sorry, but I refuse.”

“What?” Long Yun’s face changed.

Xue Yu, who was standing next to him, also looked at him in surprise.

The Heaven-cleaving Alliance had three palaces, and it was the second-ranked Primitive Palace. It might even be the highest-level Primal Chaos Palace.

It was the cultivation holy land that countless top geniuses in the Divine Beginning World dreamed of. Countless experts fought for the chance to enter the three palaces, but they could not. But now, such a good opportunity was presented to them, as long as Jian Wushuang agreed to go with them, they guaranteed that Jian Wushuang would definitely be able to enter the Primitive Palace. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

But Jian Wushuang actually refused?

“Brother Heavenly Marquis, you have to think carefully. The Heaven-cleaving Alliance is the publicly recognized number one Alliance in the Divine Beginning World. We have the strength and means to reach the heavens. and the three palaces, any one of them is the dream of countless geniuses, especially the Primitive Palace and the Chaos Palace.”

“Like me and Xue Yu, we are both top geniuses. Take Xue Yu for example. She is only a rank one True Saint and has just broken through to the rank one True Saint Realm. She has just mastered the immortal body, but her battle strength is strong enough to rival an ordinary rank three True Saint. With such strength, she can only stay in the heaven-earth palace. At the very least, you can join the Primitive Palace. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity,” Long Yun said anxiously.

Hearing this, Jian Wushuang was a little surprised.

What surprised him was Xue Yu’s strength.

Previously, he knew that Xue Yu was a heaven-grade member of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance and was very strong. This could be seen from the fact that she easily killed the Patriarch of the Black Dragon Mountain.

However, Jian Wushuang did not expect that Xue Yu was only a rank one True Saint who had just mastered the immortal body.

He was a rank one True Saint who had just broken through, but his battle strength was comparable to an ordinary rank three True Saint. His talent was impressive.

However, Xue Yu was only a member of the Heaven-earth Palace, which was the lowest level among the three palaces.

From this, it could be seen how great the talent level of the Primitive Palace and the Chaos Palace was.

It was impossible for Jian Wushuang not to be tempted by such a cultivation Holy Land, which had gathered so many top geniuses of the Primitive Palace.

Unfortunately, Jian Wushuang also had his own concerns and thoughts.

Firstly, he did not want to have too many restrictions.

Joining the three palaces of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance would indeed allow him to receive the most training, but at the same time, he would become a member of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance and would have to work for the Heaven-cleaving Alliance in the future.

Secondly, and most importantly, he did not know the position and nature of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance at all.

To be more precise, he did not know which side the Heaven-cleaving Alliance was on.

One had to know that his identity was very sensitive.

The will of the Heavenly Dao clearly did not want him to live in this world.

In the third heaven, the three great holy regions, the four great divine races, and the eight directions heavenly sect all wanted him dead.

And the Heaven-cleaving Alliance, as the publicly acknowledged number one alliance in the absolute Beginning Divine Realm, what position did he stand on? Was he on the side of the will of the Heavenly Dao, the three great holy regions, the four great divine races, and the eight directions heavenly sect, or was he on the opposite side of the will of the Heavenly Dao, it was similar to the seven-star mysterious sect, or it was neutral?

Jian Wushuang knew nothing about this.

Under such circumstances, why would he want to go to the core of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance?

Although the name of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance should not be on the same side as the will of heaven, what if?

If the Heaven-cleaving Alliance was on the same side as the will of the Heavenly Dao, would it not be suicidal for him to go to the core of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance?

In conclusion, even though he had some desire for the cultivation geniuses of the three palaces, he rejected them without hesitation.

“Sir Long Yun, Sir Xue Yu, I’m sorry. I’m not really interested in the three palaces you mentioned.” Jian Wushuang rejected them again and stood up. “If there’s nothing else, I’ll take my leave first.”

Long Yun frowned but soon relaxed. “Well, since brother Tianhou doesn’t want to join, I won’t force you. But there’s a token here. I hope you can keep it. In the future, if you come to your senses or meet with any trouble, you can contact me through this token.”

Seeing Long Yun take out the token, Jian Wushuang hesitated for a moment and took it.

Then he turned around and left.