Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2958: Forced to Retreat

——

“Heavenly Sword Marquis, don’t forget that it will take some time for the Divine Earth Fruit to fully mature. During this time, I can find a few of my Immortal Saints. I want to see if Xue Dong King alone can compete with my Immortal Saints!”

The cold voice of the Star Sea Saint entered Jian Wushuang’s ears, causing his face to darken.

Outside the battlefield, Xue Dong King also frowned.

Indeed, not only was the Star Sea Saint the acknowledged number one expert in the surrounding territory, but he also controlled a huge force. There were several Immortal Saints in that force alone, and it seemed that there were also Peak False Saints among them.

If Star Sea Saint had gathered all the Immortal Saints before the Divine Earth Fruit was fully ripe, the combined forces of the Immortal Saints would have been enough to suppress Xue Dong King, and any one of them would have been enough to pick the Divine Earth Fruit, it was enough to pick the Divine Earth Fruit.

“Star Sea Saint Master, are you really going to fight us to the death?” Jian Wushuang’s voice was cold.

“Fight to the death? Haha, Heavenly Sword Marquis, you are talented, but your strength is not as good as mine. How dare you say that you want to fight to the death with me? What right do you have to fight with me?” Star Sea Saint sneered loudly.

“It seems that you are going to force me. In that case, don’t blame me. Today, you don’t have to go anywhere. Just stay here completely.” Jian Wushuang’s voice was cold and his killing intent was shocking.

Hearing this, the Star Sea Saint’s face changed.

He looked at Jian Wushuang and found that the latter did not seem to be joking at all.

“Does this kid really have a trump card that can make me stay here?” The Star Sea Saint muttered to himself, but he quickly dismissed the idea. “Humph, he is only a Divine Master after all. He has already shown so many tricks. There is no way he can be more powerful!”

“He’s just bluffing. He wants to scare me and force me to leave!”

Star Sea Saint was almost certain.

However, Jian Wushuang did not waste any more words. With a thought, a golden light instantly merged into the surrounding void.

In an instant, the world changed color.

Above the endless sky, a wonderful scroll world appeared out of thin air.

The world of the painting scroll was extremely real. There were mountains, rivers, and even nine huge continents in the world.

“What is this?” The Star Sea Saint frowned, but he suddenly widened his eyes.

He saw a supreme power slowly condensing in the beautiful world of the painting scroll above him.

This power was astonishingly strong, but in the end, it condensed into a hand seal. The hand seal was enormous and boundless as if it covered a great world.

After the boundless hand seal was formed, it slowly broke out of the Scroll World and slowly descended.

The Mountain River Map was the first move of the three strongest moves of the Nine-region Seal, the Divine Emperor Seal!

This move had always been one of Jian Wushuang’s killing moves.

However, this move not only consumed a lot of divine power and mind power but also needed a period of time to develop. In an ordinary battle, there was rarely a chance to use a killing move of this level.

However, it was obvious that neither he nor the star sea saint could defeat the other. Under such circumstances, the two of them naturally had to compete with each other in their own killer moves.

The move of the Divine Emperor Seal, which Jian Wushuang used with his current divine power, was extremely powerful.

Rumble ~ ~

The giant handprint slowly descended, and the heaven and earth void collapsed under the pressure of the handprint.

The Star Sea Saint was at the bottom of the giant handprint. He was a true saint at the peak of rank one. At this moment, there was a trace of fear and panic in his eyes.

Previously, he did not care about Jian Wushuang’s trump cards or skills because they could not threaten him.

But now, the appearance of the giant handprint scared him.

“Block it!”

The Star Sea Saint let out a low shout, and a trace of madness surged in his eyes. The endless power of the laws of the earth crazily condensed in front of him to form layers of barriers and his huge hammer that weighed hundreds of millions of pounds was held in both hands at the same time, with an ear-piercing sound, the huge hammer that contained a terrifying power suddenly struck toward the huge hand seal.

The two finally collided head-on.

Bang!

With a low rumble, the divine power of the rules of the Earth spread out.

The giant handprint stayed in the air for a moment, then continued to crush down.

Boom!

The huge swamp on the ground completely caved in.

The entire swamp disappeared, but because Jian Wushuang could control his own power, the giant handprint did not touch the temple in the middle of the swamp, so it would not hurt the Divine Earth Fruit.

The world soon calmed down.

Whoosh!

A figure suddenly flew up. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This figure was the Star Sea Saint, but at this moment, he no longer looked high and mighty. Instead, he was in a sorry state. His robe was torn, his hair was messy, and there was blood at the corner of his mouth, his aura was also much weaker than before.

He stood in the void and stared at Jian Wushuang with his cold eyes. “Boy, I underestimated you. I didn’t expect you to have such a killer move in your hands. Unfortunately, your move couldn’t even defeat my divine body directly. You Don’t even qualify me to use my immortal body to rebuild my divine body. How can you leave me here?”

Saint Star Sea sneered.

Indeed, Jian Wushuang’s killer move was very powerful and terrifying.

But do not forget, he was a True Saint, and he had mastered the immortal body.

With the immortal body, even a second rank True Saint who was stronger than him would find it extremely difficult to kill him. However, Jian Wushuang’s killer move could not even break his divine body. How could he kill him?

“It’s too early for you to be happy.”

Jian Wushuang shot a cold glance at Star Sea Saint, and the divine power in his body surged again.

Boom! A stronger power began to gather in the sky.

“There’s more?”

Star Sea Saint was shocked. He stared at the Scroll World and felt the shocking power coming from it.

“No, this power is even more powerful and terrifying than the hand seal just now!”

“The hand seal just now has already shattered my divine body a lot, and I almost collapsed directly. Now, the power he has condensed is even stronger than the hand seal just now, and it can definitely make my divine body collapse directly. Although I can rely on my immortal body to be sufficient, with my ability, I can only use it four times at most. But who knows how many times this kid can use such a killer move?”

The Star Sea Saint thought quickly and came up with an idea.

“The Divine Earth Fruit is gone. I can think of ways to fight for it in the future, but I only have one life!”

“Let’s go!”

The Star Sea Saint made a prompt decision. He directly turned around and rushed toward the distant void at the fastest speed.

…