Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2960: Lord Tianshuo

“It looks like it has matured. Brother, go and pick it,” Xue Dong King said.

“Okay.” Jian Wushuang nodded. He jumped into the pool and picked the Divine Earth Fruit. Then he returned to Xue Dong King.

“Xue Dong King, we both found the Divine Earth Fruit at the same time, so we each have half of it. But now, although we know the name of the Divine Earth Fruit from the Star Sea Saint, we don’t know its function and value,” Jian Wushuang said with a frown.

“Haha, that’s easy. Brother Heavenly Marquis, Listen to me. Let’s go back to the Heaven-cleaving Alliance first. When we get there, it will be easy to distribute,” Xue Dong King said with a smile.

“Okay.” Jian Wushuang nodded.

…

Jian Wushuang and Xue Dong King returned to the 385th nest of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance.

“Elder Qiu.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Xue Dong King walked to the counter and stood in front of the thin Elder in a Taoist robe.

“Let’s hand in the mission.” Xue Dong King took out a mission list and a mirror image token.

This mirror image token was deliberately recorded by the Xue Dong King.

During the process of completing the mission, some experts of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance would take the corpse of the other party or prove the other party’s identity so that they could kill the person themselves, but there were also some who found it troublesome, it was even easier to prove this by directly opening the mirror record and recording the whole process with the mirror image.

The Xue Dong King recorded the process with the mirror token.

The Elder took the mirror token and skimmed through it. The next moment, he looked at Jian Wushuang with astonishment.

“That’s right.” Elder Qiu nodded at Jian Wushuang and took out an interspatial ring. “This is your mission reward. You can distribute it yourselves.”

After taking it, Xue Dong King left the counter.

“Xue Dong King, if you and I carry out missions together in the future, it’s better not to record it with the mirror token.” Jian Wushuang touched his nose and said. He did not want too many people to know his strength.

“Haha, I understand.” Xue Dong King immediately nodded.

“Didn’t you say that you know how to distribute the Divine Earth Fruit when you arrived at the Heaven-cleaving Alliance’s nest?” Jian Wushuang asked, puzzled.

“Don’t worry, come with me.” Xue Dong King smiled mysteriously and then led Jian Wushuang to a corner of the nest.

“Brother Heavenly Marquis, you just joined the Heaven-cleaving Alliance and became an ordinary member of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance not long ago. I’m afraid you don’t know your rights as an ordinary member, right?” Xue Dong King said as they walked.

“No, I don’t,” Jian Wushuang answered.

“Let me tell you. The members of the Heaven-slaying Alliance have their own rights, whether they are ordinary members, earth-level members, heaven-level members, or even emperor-level members. There are two kinds of rights. The first is the level of missions that can be accepted!” Xue Dong King explained.

“For example, ordinary members can only accept ordinary missions, but they are not qualified to accept higher-level earth-level missions. On the contrary, earth-level members can not only accept earth-level missions but also accept ordinary missions.”

Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows. He knew this.

“And the second authority is the Treasure Pavilion,” Xue Dong King said.

“Treasure Pavilion?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed.

“There is a Treasure Pavilion in the heaven-cleaving union, and it is very unique. All members of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance can enter the Treasure Pavilion. However, the treasures in the Treasure Pavilion are divided into different levels. Ordinary members can only exchange for treasures with the authority of ordinary members. As for higher-level treasures, no matter how much you pay, you can’t get them,” Xue Dong King said.

“Is that so?” Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows and said, “The Treasure Pavilion…”

“We’re here.” Xue Dong King stopped.

Jian Wushuang was stunned, but he looked around blankly.

He had come to a vast pavilion, but the key point was that it was a vast open space with no material objects around it.

Was this the Treasure Pavilion of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance?

“Brother Heavenly Marquis, look.” Xue Dong King pointed forward.

Jian Wushuang immediately followed Xue Dong King’s direction and was stunned.

In the void in front of him, some faint golden light began to condense. A moment later, it condensed into a golden light shadow.

This golden light shadow was the size of a normal human, but its exact appearance could not be seen.

“Welcome to the Treasure Pavilion. I am the treasure spirit of the Treasure Pavilion. You can call me Lord Tianshou,” the Golden Light Shadow said in a normal human voice.

“Treasure spirit?” Jian Wushuang frowned.

“Brother, you should be familiar with the treasure spirit. However, this Lord Tianshou in front of us is extraordinary,” Xue Dong King said softly.

“How is he extraordinary?” Jian Wushuang asked.

“It’s simple. I’ve heard that the Heaven-cleaving Alliance only has one treasure pavilion and one weapon spirit in the Divine Beginning World,” Xue Dong King said in a deep voice.

“What?” Jian Wushuang was shocked.

The Heaven-cleaving Alliance only had one Treasure Pavilion and one weapon spirit?

Could it be that they were seeing the only weapon spirit?

How could this be possible?

“The Treasure Pavilion of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance can’t be in our current territory,” Jian Wushuang said directly.

“Of course not.” Xue Dong King smiled. “Let me tell you this. The Heaven-cleaving Alliance indeed only has one Treasure Pavilion and one weapon spirit. However, this weapon spirit can have tens of thousands of clones and can be found in countless secret caves of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance in the Divine Beginning World. As long as it’s in one of the secret caves of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance, we members of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance can have a face-to-face conversation with it.”

Hearing this, Jian Wushuang was shocked.

An artifact spirit had tens of thousands of incarnations and could be found in all the nests in the Beginning Divine World?

“Since we can talk to the artifact spirit directly, does that mean we can talk to it directly about what we want?” Jian Wushuang asked.

“Yes.” Xue Dong King nodded. “In front of Sir Tianshou, you can tell him what you want or what kind of things you want. Sir Tianshou will choose for you and show you the information of the treasures that meet your requirements and are within your jurisdiction. If you find the right one, you will pay the price. Then, you can wait here. The experts of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance will naturally send the items to you.”

“In addition, the Treasure Pavilion of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance can be used to exchange for treasures. Not only can you use sacred elixirs to buy some things, but you can also exchange your treasures for holy treasures. No matter what treasure it is, Lord Tianshuo can immediately recognize its origin and determine its value.”