Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2968: 80 Years

——

“I didn’t expect the fifth sword formation to have such a high requirement for the reincarnation rule.” Jian Wushuang frowned slightly.

His control of the fourth level of the reincarnation sword formation, the world of ice and snow, had long been perfect, so he thought he should be able to control the fifth sword formation.

But in the end, he was still far from comprehending the Samsara rules.

Even though he had already obtained the fourth level of the sword formation, his comprehension of the Samsara rules did not meet the requirements and he could not use it.

“There’s no rush. I have nothing to do now anyway. At most, I’ll go into seclusion for a period of time. When my comprehension of the Samsara rules reaches the True Saint level and meets the requirements, it won’t be too late for me to come out of seclusion.” Jian Wushuang’s eyes flashed with a light, but he had already made up his mind.

On the same day, he immediately went to the Heaven-cleaving Alliance to meet Sir Tianshuo.

He spent a lot of sacred elixirs and exchanged for a lot of treasures from the Treasure Pavilion that were of great help in comprehending the Samsara rules.

After that, he began his seclusion.

This time, he was obviously not going to stop until he displayed the fifth level of the Samsara Sword Formation.

His comprehension ability was extremely high, and he had a total of three heaven-sealing diagrams in his hands. As long as he calmed his heart to comprehend, his comprehension of the laws would increase tremendously.

Now that he had exchanged for a lot of consumable treasures from the Treasure Pavilion to improve his comprehension of the samsara laws, his improvement speed was naturally faster and more frightening.

The further he went in comprehending the rules, the more difficult it became.

Especially after reaching the level of the Immortal Saint, it was extremely difficult to make even a small amount of progress, let alone a big improvement.

For ordinary cultivators, even some genius experts, it would definitely take a long time to raise the comprehension of a rule from the ordinary False Saint-level to the True Saint level. It would take at least thousands of years, at most tens of thousands of years. However, Jian Wushuang…it did not take that long.

In just 80 years, Jian Wushuang’s comprehension of the reincarnation rule had reached the True Saint-level as he wished.

This was because during these 80 years, he had spent a lot of energy to improve his divine power and his comprehension of the space-time rule and sword principle. Otherwise, it would not have taken him 80 years.

…

Jian Wushuang stood calmly in the void. In front of him was a vast mountain range.

With a slight wave of his hand, streams of cyan light immediately rose up.

These cyan lights were stargaze swords, which had reached the level of a top-grade third-grade holy treasure.

A total of 18 stargaze swords were lined up side by side.

“Condense!”

As Jian Wushuang uttered the word, the 18 stargaze swords immediately condensed together at the fastest speed.

In an instant…rumble ~ ~

An earth-shaking rumble sounded, and a huge spiral tunnel that emitted the power of endless reincarnation rules appeared between heaven and earth.

This spiral tunnel was like the reincarnation tunnel that led to reincarnation. It was mysterious, vast, and unfathomable!

However, right at this reincarnation tunnel, a dazzling green light suddenly shot out.

This green light was extremely long, and it brought along a gigantic green tail. It was at least tens of meters long, but its volume was not big.

The green light was extremely fast, so fast that it was inconceivable. In the blink of an eye, it had penetrated through the void in front of it, and finally, it struck a towering mountain in the distance. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Bang!

A hole was immediately pierced through the middle of the mountain, but the cyan lights came out from the other end of the mountain and continued to hit the next mountain.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

A series of explosions sounded. The bright cyan light pierced through a total of eight giant mountains in an instant, and its power slowly dissipated.

Jian Wushuang, who had seen all of this, had an unprecedented glint in his eyes.

“As expected, the fifth level of the sword formation is much stronger than the fourth level. It’s worth the 80 years of hard work I put in to improve the reincarnation rule.” Jian Wushuang clenched his hands, feeling extremely excited.

The power of the fourth level of the reincarnation sword formation, the world of ice and snow, was already extraordinary. It was comparable to the most powerful absolute arts created by many Peak False Saints.

As for the fifth level of the sword formation, the ‘Saint Slayer’, its power was definitely more than ten times that of the world of ice and snow, or even more.

Without a doubt, the power of the fifth level of the sword formation was definitely comparable to the most powerful absolute arts created by True Saints. In Jian Wushuang’s opinion, the fifth level of the sword formation was even slightly stronger than the most powerful absolute arts created by the one-star Peak True Saint Star Sea Saint who had fought with him before! It was slightly stronger!

“When my realm had not broken through and the reincarnation sword formation had not been greatly improved, I could face the Star Sea Saint head-on. Now that my realm has broken through, the key point is that the 18 underworld blood divine swords in the reincarnation sword formation have all been replaced by the Star Luo Sword. Their power has soared. Previously, I could only use the fourth sword formation, but now, I can use the fifth sword formation. In addition, over the past 80 years, I have improved in the rules and sword principle…

“Who among the rank one True Saints can stop me now?”

“Let alone a rank one True Saint, even if I were to encounter an ordinary rank two True Saint, I’m afraid I can still defeat him now!”

A mere Divine Master was able to defeat a rank two True Saint?

This was simply inconceivable to others, but it was not impossible for Jian Wushuang, who was a perfect chaotic creature!

“Unfortunately, although my strength has improved a lot over the past 80 years and my divine power has reached the limit of a Divine Master, I have not been able to directly breakthrough to the Saint-level.” Jian Wushuang sighed quietly.

After all, Divine Masters and Immortal Saints were two different concepts. Of course, Jian Wushuang was eager to breakthrough.

Previously, he had cultivated all the way because his comprehension of sword principle and rules far exceeded his own realm. Therefore, as long as he had accumulated his divine power to the limit, he could naturally breakthrough, it had always been the case.

But now that he had reached the limit of the Divine Master realm, he found that it was not the case.

Now, although he had accumulated his divine power to the limit, he did not directly breakthrough to the Saint-realm.

It was not because he did not want to, but because he could not do it.

“If an ordinary cultivator’s understanding of Dao and comprehension of Dao reached my level, he could easily break through to the Saint realm. But I seem to be different.”

“Now, whether it’s my understanding of Dao, my comprehension of rules, or even all kinds of methods, I’m far better than an ordinary Immortal Saint, but I can’t breakthrough. I feel that I’m still lacking something,” Jian Wushuang muttered to himself.

He knew that what he lacked was not only an opportunity but also something else.

In other words, he still had room for improvement.

…