Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2969: Xue Dong King’s Good Friend

——

“No rush, take your time,” Jian Wushuang said with a faint smile.

It had been less than 300 years since he was born. It was incredible that he had reached the limit of a Divine Master in such a short period of time.

The Immortal Saint was so much stronger than a Divine Master. How could he break through so easily?

Jian Wushuang was also very patient.

However, after controlling the fifth level of the Samsara Sword Formation, Jian Wushuang did not plan to continue his closed-door cultivation.

“Let’s go and do the mission,” Jian Wushuang muttered.

Based on his own judgment, his current battle strength should be comparable to a second rank true saint, and this strength was already the threshold of the heaven-grade members of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance.

Of course, Jian Wushuang wanted to become a heaven-grade member of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance as soon as possible. In order to become a heaven-grade member, he had to complete three earth-grade three-star missions alone.

Jian Wushuang had never really encountered earth-grade missions, especially three-star earth-grade missions. He did not know how difficult the missions were, so he did not dare to be too careless.

“Xue Dong King.”

Jian Wushuang took out a token and began to send a message.

“Brother Heavenly Sword Marquis, are you not in closed-door cultivation?” Xue Dong King quickly replied.

“Yes, I just came out of closed-door cultivation. I want to ask you what you have been doing recently.” Jian Wushuang smiled and communicated with Xue Dong King.

Xue Dong King was a good friend of his and they had a certain friendship.

They had completed the mission to kill the three Shadow Saints and obtained the Divine Earth Fruit. After selling the fruit to Lord Tianshou, Xue Dong King had obtained 50 million sacred elixirs, he had used the 50 million sacred elixirs to exchange for many secret skills and cultivation treasures, and his strength had improved a lot.

In the 80 years that Jian Wushuang had been cultivating in seclusion, Xue Dong King had also completed three ordinary three-star missions and become an earth-level member of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance.

“I had completed one earth-level one-star mission before, and he brought me to join a small team. Our team has just received a three-star earth-level mission. Brother Heavenly Sword Marquis, why don’t you join us?” Xue Dong King said.

“Three-star earth-level mission?” Jian Wushuang’s heart stirred.

What he thought really came true.

He was now a bit curious about an earth-level three-star mission. He did not know how difficult and deep the mission was. The best way was to join hands with someone to complete a three-star mission, it turned out that Xue Dong King had accepted an earth-level three-star mission with someone and had even taken the initiative to invite him.

“Sure, where are you?” Jian Wushuang asked.

Xue Dong King immediately sent his location to Jian Wushuang, who immediately rushed over.

…

This was a relatively remote territory in the endless territory.

A total of seven figures were gathered in a great canyon.

Most of the seven figures were wearing gray robes and masks, and all of them had powerful auras. Even the weakest one was at the Peak False Saint-level, and two of them were even more powerful True Saints.

Whoosh!

Without wearing a mask, Xue Dong King stood up.

“Captain, I just contacted a good friend of mine and told him that we’re about to complete a three-star earth rank mission. He’s on his way here right now,” Xue Dong King said.

The captain of this team was a tanned man over two meters tall, and his aura was extremely violent.

This burly man carried a huge ax on his back.

Hearing the words of the Xue Dong King, this burly man nodded slightly. “This mission is quite special. Not only is there a two-layered mission, but the most important thing is that the reward for this mission is much more than the same three-star earth rank mission. It’s almost ten times more!”

“Such a high-reward mission is naturally more dangerous. We naturally have to be more careful. The stronger the squad, the better. Now that there’s an expert interested in joining, it’s naturally the best. Oh right, how’s your good friend’s strength?”

“Stronger than mine,” Xue Dong King said directly.

“Oh?” The valiant man’s eyes lit up.

The other members of the squad at the side also looked over.

All of the experts in their team were earth-rank members of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance. Their strength was also very impressive. Even the weakest of them was a Peak False Saint.

And Xue Dong King’s strength should be second only to those two True Saints in the team. His battle strength was almost on par with that of the weakest True Saint. Now that Xue Dong King himself said that his good friend was stronger than him, did that not mean…that his friend had the battle strength of a True Saint?

“If there really is an expert at the True Saint-level joining us, then our team’s lineup will increase by quite a bit, and our chances of completing this mission will be even greater,” the tough man said with a smile.

“My friend has already left. He will arrive here soon,” Xue Dong King said.

“In that case, let’s wait for him here,” the tough man said with a smile, appearing to be very patient.

The seven people of the team were waiting quietly in the valley.

Half a day later, a figure in a gray robe, wearing a gray mask, and emitting a dark aura rushed over from a distance.

Soon, he appeared in front of the seven people in the valley. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Haha, brother of the Heavenly Sword Marquis.”

Xue Dong King laughed and immediately came forward to greet him.

“Xue Dong King,” Jian Wushuang said, and he also looked at the other people in the team.

He found that the other six members of Xue Dong King’s team, including the two stronger True Saint experts, were looking at Jian Wushuang coldly.

“Xue Dong King, is this the good friend you mentioned before?” The tough man, who was the team leader, asked.

“Yes, he is my good friend, Heavenly Sword Marquis,” Xue Dong King said with a smile.

However, the members of the team could not smile because they had already sensed the aura that Jian Wushuang was exuding.

Divine Master!

Yes, the aura that Jian Wushuang was exuding was only at the Divine Master level.

It could not be helped. He was a Divine Master. Although the black stone that Xuan Shen Daoist refined for him could change his divine power aura and increase his divine power aura by two levels, it was only effective for those below the Immortal Saint level.

Right now, the black stone was completely unable to make him emit the aura of the Immortal Saint.

A mere Divine Master, of course, was nothing in the eyes of the seven people in this squad.

“Xue Dong King, are you playing with us? You want a Divine Master to join our squad?”

“Xue Dong King, are you joking?”

“Xue Dong King, give us an explanation.”

Cold voices rang out one after another, and the gazes these people used to look at Xue Dong King turned cold.

Xue Dong King’s expression changed, but he immediately said, “Everyone, don’t misunderstand. I have no intention of fooling you. This good friend of mine is indeed only at the Divine Master level, but his combat strength is extremely outstanding!”