Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2971: Dragon Flame World

——

“Xue Dong King, your good friend is really strong. He will be included in this mission,” the tough man said directly.

“Thank you, captain.” Xue Dong King was delighted. In fact, he was glad that Jian Wushuang was on his team. He knew Jian Wushuang’s battle strength very well. Eighty years ago, Jian Wushuang fought with a Saint at the peak of rank one True Saint, the Star Sea Saint, he was only at a disadvantage.

In his team, even their captain could not have such battle strength.

It was a great blessing for his team that Jian Wushuang could join them to complete this mission.

Of course, Xue Dong King would not take the initiative to explain.

“Heavenly Sword Marquis.” The tough man looked at Jian Wushuang and said, “I am man tie. You can call me captain. From now on, you are a member of our team.”

“Barbarian King Team?” Jian Wushuang nodded slightly.

“This time, our team has accepted a three-star earth-level task, which is very special and difficult. Although our team’s battle strength is good, we still have to be careful. During the process of the task, I hope you will absolutely follow my instructions,” the tough man said.

“As long as I’m not stupid enough to be cannon fodder, it’s no problem,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

“Of course not,” the tough man said with a smile. “These are the other members of our team. You already know Xue Dong King and Ah Chao. You should also know the others.”

Jian Wushuang immediately got to know the others.

“Heavenly Sword Marquis, you just joined our Barbarian King Team. I’m afraid you don’t know what mission we have accepted. Xue Dong King, tell him in detail,” the tough man said.

“Okay.” Xue Dong King nodded and began to tell Jian Wushuang.

After a while.

“It’s about time. We should set off.” The tough man stood up.

The other seven members of the team, including Jian Wushuang, were also ready.

“Let’s go!”

The tough man gave the order, and the eight members of the Barbarian King Team immediately headed to the nearby Heaven-cleaving Alliance’s lair.

Through the spatial impulse in the lair, the Barbarian King Team of eight quickly appeared at the location of their mission…the Dragon Flame World! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The Dragon Flame World was a special territory.

This territory was not occupied by human cultivators, but by exotic beasts!

There were all kinds of powerful exotic beasts here, and there were many of them. Among them, the most famous and powerful one was the Dragon Flame Beast!

The Dragon Flame Beast was not a beast with a high bloodline among the beasts in the Beginning Divine Realm, but it was not weak either. After all, it could carry the word ‘Dragon’, so it was more or less related to the bloodline of a True Dragon.

According to the information the Barbarian King’s Team got from the mission, there were more than 30 Dragon Flame Beasts in the Dragon Flame World. Among these 30 Dragon Flame Beasts, six of them were still in the growth stage. They were so weak that they could not even fight against the Immortal Saint, however, the remaining ones could contend against the human Immortal Saint.

Among them, there were 16 Dragon Flame Beasts that were comparable to a human cultivator’s first-level True Saint!

In addition, the strongest three Dragon Flame Beasts in the Dragon Flame World could even contend against a second-level True Saint!

The first mission the Barbarian King Team received this time was to kill a Dragon Flame Beast that had reached the first-level True Saint!

In the void of the Dragon Flame World, the eight members of the Barbarian King Team continued to fly forward.

“Be careful, this Dragon Flame World is a territory controlled by exotic beasts after all. There are many exotic beasts here, and most of these exotic beasts hate us human cultivators. Once they discover our arrival, they might directly kill us!”

“Although most of the exotic beasts are very weak, there are too many of them. Once we are targeted by some of the exotic beasts and fall into a big battle, we will not be able to get out of it in a short period of time. The disturbance will be greater and greater, and more and more exotic beasts will be attracted to us. Although our squad is not weak, it is nothing in front of billions of exotic beasts. Therefore…we must not linger in the battle at any time!”

“If you encounter an exotic beast, don’t fight if you can. If you do, kill it quickly. Do you understand?”

The tough man’s deep voice echoed in everyone’s ears.

“I understand.”

The seven people in the team, including Jian Wushuang, nodded heavily.

They were in the exotic beast territory, so they knew the consequences if they were surrounded by countless exotic beasts.

“Roar!”

An angry roar suddenly sounded, shaking the sky.

“Exotic beasts have found us!” The tough man’s face darkened.

“Look at this aura. It’s an exotic beast that’s comparable to the Immortal Saint, but it’s not a Dragon Flame Beast,” Xue Dong King said solemnly.

“Kill him directly,” the tough man ordered.

Their team immediately crushed the exotic beast and killed it in less than two breaths. Then, they left as fast as they could.

…

In a flash, the eight members of the Barbarian King Team had been in the Dragon Flame World for three days.

During these three days, they had encountered many exotic beasts and fought with them several times. However, they killed them as fast as they could and did not encounter much trouble.

“According to the mission report, there is a Dragon Flame Beast that is comparable to a True Saint in the forest ahead,” the tough man said.

Jian Wushuang and the others looked up and looked at the forest at the end of their line of sight.

The forest was extremely vast and hid the aura of many exotic beasts.

The missions issued by the Heaven-cleaving Alliance usually had detailed mission descriptions and some information.

For example, the mission they intercepted this time included the location of the Dragon Flame Beasts in the Dragon Flame World.

“The Dragon Flame Beast with True Saint battle strength is not to be underestimated. Moreover, this is the territory of exotic beasts. We must kill the Dragon Flame Beast as soon as possible and then leave,” the tough man said with a serious tone.

“How about this? Later, I, Puyu, and Xue Dong King will directly attack the Dragon Flame Beast. Ah Chao, Heavenly Sword Marquis…you guys are slightly weaker, so there is no need to fight the Dragon Flame Beast head-on. Just two people and three people will stay around to prevent the Dragon Flame Beast from escaping!”

“Yes!”

“No problem.”

Everyone in the Barbarian King Team nodded in unison.

Immediately, the three strongest people in the Barbarian King Team directly charged into the forest.

Among these three people, Barbarian Tie was the team leader, and his combat strength was the strongest, close to the peak of rank one.

Although Puyu was wearing a mask, it was clear that she was a woman with a pretty temperament. She was the second True Saint in the team, and her combat strength was naturally second only to Barbarian Tie which was the tough man.

As for Xue Dong King, after selling the Divine Earth Fruit and obtaining a large number of sacred elixirs, his strength had soared after exchanging for treasures. He was not much weaker than an ordinary True Saint.

If the three of them worked together, they would be able to kill the Dragon Flame Beast without any mishaps.