Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 300: The Final Fight!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The next morning, when dawn broke and the first rays of sunshine were shining on the courtyard, Jian Wushuang, who was sitting on the ground, finally opened his eyes.

Many experts of the Heartless Sect had quietly waited up in the air over their Sect.

When Jian Wushuang appeared outside, they all looked toward him with fervent eyes.

Jian Wushuang had become a legend in these experts’ eyes.

If he could defeat or kill the Lord of Skywave Prefecture, his myth would continue.

“Swordsman.” The Master of Heartless Sect looked at Jian Wushuang.

“It’s time to set off,” Jian Wushuang said calmly.

There was a wilderness area outside Heartless City

It was very bleak without even weeds, only some stones. People hardly came here, but today it was full of people. Two young men in the crowd were talking. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Look, the young man with the Long Sword on his back is Swordsman.”

“He is Swordsman? He is so young!”

“He looks about 20 years old. At his age, he dares to challenge the Lord of Skywave Prefecture?” the short and thin man said with a strange look.

The purple-haired youth replied, “Hum, the Lord of Skywave Prefecture has a high status. Not just anyone is qualified to challenge him. Even if the experts who were in the top 100 on the Bloodmoon List want to challenge him, he might ignore them.

“Mr. Swordsman is young, but he is very powerful indeed. You must know Huangfu Ming, who ranked 41st on the list, right? He was killed by Swordsman. Moreover, Mr. Swordsman didn’t use all his strength in that fight.

“If I could catch up with Swordsman someday, I could die without regret.” The purple-haired youth could not help but sigh.

There was one person in the air, Jian Wushuang.

All the onlookers in the Yin-Yang Void Realm stood on the ground to watch this fight, showing respect for Swordsman and the Lord of Skywave Prefecture.

“So many people.”?Jian Wushuang thought secretly when overlooking the dense crowd beneath.

There were at least thousands of onlookers who were also strong.

At that moment, a sharp boom suddenly resounded. A huge fireball darted over like falling meteor. In an instant, it appeared about 300 meters away from Jian Wushuang.

After the fire disappeared, a strong figure with a violent aura appeared.

The tall, muscular man had a scary knife mark on his face, with a roaring killing intent, as if he was a beast. He stood quietly in the air, looking toward Jian Wushuang with his cold eyes.

“You came early. Are you anxious to die?” the Lord of Skywave Prefecture asked and sneered.

“Who will die is not decided by your words,” Jian Wushuang replied coldly.

“You’re right. It’s up to my strength,” the Lord of Skywave Prefecture said seriously. He clenched his right fist, surrounded by a soaring flame, while gathering the great power in his hand.

“Make your move,” Jian Wushuang said calmly with his sword in his hand.

The two people, floating in the sky, chatted casually under the gaze of countless experts.

At this moment, all the onlookers held their breath and stared at this fight with their full attention.

Up in the air, the two giant figure’s aura rapidly increased until they reached their limit.

Countless onlookers were shocked by their aura.

Suddenly, a gleam of killing intent flashing in his eyes, the Lord of Skywave Prefecture started the fight.

Whoosh!

The Lord of Skywave Prefecture pushed off and dashed out like an ancient fierce beast, striding 1,000 feet in an instant. Then he launched an attack with his right fist.

The punch, covered in an endless flame, immediately swelled. The huge fire punch became as large as a house while rushing toward Jian Wushuang.

It was like a falling meteor.

Jian Wushuang wielded the Triple-kill Sword, filled with a roaring power, and displayed the seventh move of Selfless Sword Technique.

He had killed Huangfu Ming with this move, but now he had to perform this move in the first round against the Lord of Skywave Prefecture.

The brilliant sword light seemed to shake the world as it split the fire punch in half. Half of the punch was shattered in the sky, while the other shot toward the ground.

The earth shook. Then, a moment later, a huge hole appeared in the ground, more than 100 meters wide and dozens of meters deep.

The onlookers had to retreat from the battlefield so that no one would get hurt.

With his explosive speed, Jian Wushuang dashed forward. Streaks of powerful sword shadow lashed out, like lightning.

In an instant, the sky was filled with the sword shadow.

Every streak of sword shadow was full of great power.

The Lord of Skywave Prefecture snorted as flames gushed out from his body. Instantly, he was covered by a sheet of Flaming Armor. It protected him from the attacker’s stroke, letting out a metallic sound.

Without a Sword Skill, it seemed hard for the Triple-kill Sword to break through this armor.

At this moment, the Lord of Skywave Prefecture changed into a peerless beast and pounced towards Jian Wushuang with a snarl.

Every part of his body became a powerful weapon so that he could fight against Jian Wushuang at close range.

“Origin of All Beasts?”?Jian Wushuang frowned.?“In close combat, I am not his match.”

He had fought with experts of the Origin of All Beasts, so he knew how strong these experts were in close combat. They were like a combination of a humanoid beast and a humanoid weapon.

Suddenly, a hint of killing intent flashed in Jian Wushuang’s eyes.

“Selfless Sword Technique, eighth move!”

Boom!

The air seemed to burst completely. A brilliant streak of sword light pierced the space, forming a huge vortex as it swept toward the Lord of Skywave Prefecture.

“Round Sky Fissure!”

The Lord of Skywave Prefecture let out a cry and launched another punch with his right fist.

It seemed like it was going to smash the area to pieces.

Boom!

Jian Wushuang and the Lord of Skywave Prefecture were repelled at the same time.

...