Chapter 3031: Submit

——

The hazy figure quickly disappeared, and a moment later, Lord Wu, who had been waiting outside the palace, walked in.

“Monarch.” Lord Wu stood there respectfully.

“Do you know where those four are hiding?” Magic Note King looked down.

“Of course I do. I personally arranged for them to hide.” Lord Wu nodded.

“That’s good. Make a trip to meet Heavenly Sword Marquis and tell him where the four of them are hiding. Also, pass a message to me,” the Magic Note King said.

“I’m going to meet Heavenly Sword Marquis?” Lord Wu was stunned.

He wanted him to meet Heavenly Sword Marquis and tell him where the four of them were hiding. Was the Magic Note King going to lower his head and admit defeat? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Remember, when you meet the Heavenly Sword Marquis, don’t let the third person know, and don’t let anyone know that it was I who ordered you to tell the Heavenly Sword Marquis where the four of them were hiding. You must remain extremely unyielding to the outside world, and you must swear to protect the four of them with your life. Do you understand?” The Magic Note King added.

When he heard this, Lord Wu instantly understood.

He was not stupid. After thinking about it, he naturally knew the intention of the Magic Note King.

“Go.” The Magic Note King waved his hand.

“Yes.” Lord Wu answered respectfully and then left.

…

On a peaceful barren mountain, Jian Wushuang, who was wearing a gray robe and a gray mask, was sitting cross-legged on a giant rock with his eyes slightly closed, as if he was waiting for something.

Soon, a figure appeared in front of him.

It was Lord Wu.

“Are you here?” Jian Wushuang opened his eyes and looked at Lord Wu.

“You knew I would come?” Lord Wu said in a low voice as he stared at Jian Wushuang.

“Of course, unless the Magic Note King is really capable of killing me, he can only send someone to negotiate with me,” Jian Wushuang said with a sneer.

Lord Wu’s expression was uncertain. After a while, he waved his hand and threw a token to Jian Wushuang, saying, “My king asked me to give this to you.”

After saying that, Lord Wu did not care about Jian Wushuang’s reaction and turned to leave.

Jian Wushuang took the token and scanned it with his consciousness. However, a playful smile appeared on his face.

“Are you finally willing to give in?” Jian Wushuang sneered in his heart, but he was not surprised at all.

The Magic Note King was able to create a Great Divine Kingdom. He was not a reckless fool. He was also smart.

He should know the consequences of completely falling out with him. The consequences were not a joke.

Moreover, it was just four True Saint subordinates. It was nothing to the Magic Note King. It was just a loss of face and prestige.

It was obviously not worth taking such a huge risk just for a little bit of face and prestige.

And now, the Magic Note King’s methods were rather wise and smart.

On the surface, he still pretended to be tough and wanted to protect the four of them, putting on an act in front of the experts under him. On the other hand, he sent someone close to him to quietly tell him the location of the four of them, asking him to kill them…

“I killed the four people to complete the task and also because they were extremely evil and worth killing. As for me and the Magic Note King, there is no need to make things too difficult. Since he is willing to submit to me, I will accept his offer.”

Jian Wushuang smiled faintly and then went straight to the place where the four people were hiding.

…

They were still in the territory of the Magic Note Divine Kingdom.

However, it was an extremely quiet place, where almost no one would come and go.

It was a desolate forest.

There was a swamp in the deepest part of the forest. One of the last four people on Jian Wushuang’s kill list was hiding in the swamp.

The huge swamp was completely covered by a layer of restriction.

Inside the restriction, there was a towering and extremely huge palace, deep in the palace.

“Ah ah”

“No, no!”

“Sir, please spare my life! Spare my life!”

Shrill and crazy screams echoed throughout the entire palace.

Many people were screaming. It was obvious that they were suffering from extreme pain.

The screams lasted for more than an hour before they gradually subsided.

Clang!

A door in the inner hall suddenly opened. Then, a middle-aged man in a golden robe walked out of the door with his chest open and his feet bare.

The middle-aged man had a bewitching smile on his face and there was a trace of blood on the side of his mouth. He stood in front of the door and glanced at the inside of the hall. “Go and clean up the inside. Carry the two people who were killed out.”

“Yes!”

Immediately, more than a dozen maidservants in beautiful clothes walked into the inner palace.

Looking at these maidservants, the middle-aged man’s lips curled into a sinister smile.

Because he was targeted by Jian Wushuang, he had no choice but to hide in this swamp and did not dare to show his face.

However, he was a person who enjoyed himself in peace. Even if he hid here, he brought many maidservants and beauties with him. These maidservants and beauties were all for his enjoyment.

Otherwise, it would not be a big deal if he hid here alone for a short period of time. However, if he hid here for a long time, he would probably go crazy.

Not long after, the middle-aged man appeared in the main hall. He sat upright on the majestic throne and took out a token to check the information that was transmitted from the token.

“That Heavenly Sword Marquis actually went to the Heaven Magus Palace? How dare he!”

The middle-aged man’s expression was extremely cold, but at the same time, he felt a hint of worry.

“This Heavenly Sword Marquis is so decisive in his killing, and the king clearly has no way to deal with him. In the end, the king will not give in to him and hand me over, right?”

“No, definitely not!”

“The king is such a lofty existence. He has always been a man of his word in the Magic Note Divine Kingdom, and I am an expert under him. It is impossible for him not to protect me with all his strength. If he really hands me over, then his prestige in the Magic Note Divine Kingdom will be completely swept away. He will definitely not do so.”

The middle-aged man was constantly consoling himself.

And very quickly, he received news that the Magic Note King had personally sent word. His stance was extremely tough, and he even said that he had paid a huge price to invite experts to personally rush to the Magic Note Divine Kingdom to help him. As long as the Heavenly Sword Marquis dared to make a move, he would immediately kill him.

“Haha, as expected, what sort of character is the king? Why would he submit to the Heavenly Sword Marquis? If the Heavenly Sword Marquis was a little smarter, he could just leave right now. If he doesn’t leave, hmph, he will definitely die!”

The middle-aged man’s eyes flashed with a fierce light. He really wished that the Heavenly Sword Marquis could die right away. That way, he would not have to hide here.

However, he did not know that the Heavenly Sword Marquis that he longed for had already arrived at his hiding place.