Chapter 3032: Mission Accomplished

——

In the void above the swamp, Jian Wushuang looked down at the towering temple with cold eyes.

“The first person is hiding here? How remote.” Jian Wushuang sneered in his heart. At the same time, his soul power had sensed the presence of a large number of maids and beauties in the temple.

“He was clearly hiding from the pursuit, but he still brought so many maids and beauties with him for his enjoyment. Humph, he really deserves to die!”

Without any hesitation, Jian Wushuang dived down.

Boom!

The restriction that had always existed in the sky above the swamp was broken by Jian Wushuang in an instant, and he directly charged into the palace.

The golden-robed middle-aged man sitting in the main hall also looked up in horror. When he looked up, he found Jian Wushuang who had entered the palace.

He was wearing a gray robe and a gray, cold mask, which was obviously the attire of a member of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

There was only one person from the Heaven-cleaving Alliance who might come to kill him.

“Heavenly Sword Marquis, it’s Heavenly Sword Marquis!”

The gold-robed middle-aged man turned pale with fright, and his heart turned cold instantly.

He immediately began to flee. At the same time, he immediately wanted to send a message to the highest level of the Magic Note Divine Kingdom, Lord Wu.

“How is it possible?”

“My hiding place is so remote. How did Heavenly Sword Marquis find me?”

“Could it be that the maidservants around me, the beauties, leaked the news?”

The golden-robed middle-aged man kept growling in his heart.

At first, he thought that it was the people around him who leaked the news so that Jian Wushuang could find them.

But soon, he denied this guess.

Because he had already set up a special magic array in this swamp, which was the restriction that Jian Wushuang had just broken.

The restriction could prevent the handmaidens and beauties from communicating with the outside world. Except for him, no one could communicate with the outside world.

The news that he was hiding here could not have been leaked by someone close to him.

Since it was not the maids and beauties who leaked the news, then the person who leaked the news…

“Could it be…could it be the king?!”

The golden-robed middle-aged man just thought of this.

Buzz!

A silver light appeared beside him like a ghost, and at the same time, a cold sword light swept toward him.

The golden-robed middle-aged man was only a rank one True Saint, and his strength was average. Even before Jian Wushuang had broken through to the Immortal Saint Realm, he could easily kill this man’s rank one True Saint. Now that he had broken through to the Immortal Saint Realm…his battle strength was strong enough to rival a rank four True Saint.

Killing such a rank one True Saint was as easy as killing a chicken or slaughtering a dog.

After consuming two drops of the god-burning poison, the golden-robed middle-aged man’s eyes were wide open, but his consciousness was gradually dissipating.

When his consciousness was about to completely dissipate, he had completely figured it out.

The Magic Note King’s tough attitude toward the outside world was just an act.

In fact, the Magic Note King had already submitted to Heavenly Sword Marquis and told him where he was hiding.

Unfortunately, it was too late for him to figure it out.

Whoosh!

A moment later, Jian Wushuang set off again toward the second person’s hiding place.

The last four people on the must-kill list were hiding in four different places. However, Jian Wushuang already knew about these four places. All he had to do was to find them one by one and kill them.

His movements were very fast and neat.

The four people had not received any news and thought that the Magic Note King would try his best to protect them. In the end, they all died under Jian Wushuang’s sword.

After killing these four people, all twelve people on the must-kill list had died. Naturally, Jian Wushuang had completed the heaven-level task.

He did not plan to stay in the Magic Note Divine Kingdom and left directly.

However, no one in the outside world knew about their deaths.

The experts under the Magic Note Divine Kingdom had not received any news. Most of them thought that the four people were still hiding or had left the Magic Note King, but they did not know that they had died at Jian Wushuang’s hands.

Therefore, the reputation and dignity of the Magic Note Divine Kingdom were barely preserved.

…

In the Magic Note Divine Kingdom, there was a secret lair of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance.

In the secret lair, Xue Dong King was already waiting for him.

“Xue Dong King, I’m sorry to have kept you waiting.” Jian Wushuang appeared in front of Xue Dong King with an apologetic look on his face.

“Haha, not at all. Besides, it’s worth waiting for decades to see the good show between you and the Magic Note King.” Xue Dong King laughed.

Deep down, Xue Dong King still had not completely calmed down.

He had not left immediately after giving Jian Wushuang the god-burning poison. Instead, he had stayed behind to watch the battle between Jian Wushuang and the Magic Note Divine Kingdom.

He had seen it clearly.

Jian Wushuang had defeated Gold King at the beginning, then massacred many True Saint experts of the Magic Note Divine Fruit, and finally, the king of the Magic Note Divine Kingdom had personally arrived. In the end, he could not do anything to Jian Wushuang, he was even forced back by Jian Wushuang in a head-on confrontation.

This scene shocked Xue Dong King more than he had ever seen before.

At that time, he could not help roaring in his heart, “A rank one True Saint is fighting against a rank four True Saint. Does he still want to live?”

Xue Dong King was more and more impressed with Jian Wushuang, and he could not see through him.

“Xue Dong King, wait for me. I’ll go and hand in the task.” Jian Wushuang immediately walked to the counter.

At the counter, Jian Wushuang took out his identity token and began to hand in the task.

When the purple-robed elder who handed in the task to Jian Wushuang knew Jian Wushuang’s identity and the task he had completed, his heart was filled with excitement.

The secret lair was located in the Magic Note Divine Land. The person in charge of the lair was well aware of what was happening in the Magic Note Divine Land, so he was naturally amazed.

It did not take long for Jian Wushuang’s mission to be completed. At the same time, he received a reward of 150 million sacred elixirs.

“Xue Dong King, this is for you.” Jian Wushuang waved his hand and handed an interspatial ring to Xue Dong King.

Xue Dong King took it and took a look. His body suddenly trembled. “Brother Heavenly Marquis, what are you doing?”

“You sent me 100 drops of god-burning poison. It’s very expensive, but I haven’t given you the sacred elixirs.” Jian Wushuang smiled.

“But isn’t this too much?” Xue Dong King said immediately.

It was not his fault for being shocked. There were 100 million sacred elixirs in the interspatial ring that Jian Wushuang gave him!

100 million!

He had only used 40 million sacred elixirs to buy the 100 drops of god-burning venom, but now Jian Wushuang had given him more than twice that.

…