Urban Oasis
0:01 / 1:07

Chapter 3035: The Probability Was Low

——

“Elder Gu.”

Jian Wushuang looked at the plain-clothed elder in front of him with a humble expression.

“You’re here.” Elder Gu also looked at Jian Wushuang with a smile on his face. “You must have just become an immortal saint, right?”

“Yes.” Jian Wushuang nodded. “According to what I said, I came to the secret realm as soon as I became an Immortal Saint. I just don’t know if I have a chance to get the opportunity left by the Master of the secret realm.”

“The opportunity left by Master can only be obtained by completely passing the test set by him. The minimum threshold of this test is the Immortal Saint. You’ve just barely met the requirement to accept the test. As for whether you can pass it…I don’t know,” Elder Gu said.

Elder Gu admired Jian Wushuang very much.

Back then, Jian Wushuang had shown extraordinary skills and talent in the secret realm. Some of his skills even made Elder Gu astonished.

For example, Jian Wushuang’s soul had been killed six or seven times in a space in order to get the corpse puppet army to accept the test. In the end, he was still alive and well.

Elder Gu knew that Jian Wushuang was extraordinary and had great secrets. Therefore, he hoped that Jian Wushuang could pass the test left by his master and inherit his master’s legacy. However, whether he could really succeed or not…it depended on Jian Wushuang’s ability.

“How about this.”

Elder Gu waved his hand.

Whoosh!

A figure suddenly appeared in front of Jian Wushuang.

It was a bald man who was more than two meters tall and as strong as a hill. This bald man was lifeless. He was obviously a corpse puppet, but his aura was very impressive, he had reached the level of a third level True Saint.

“Before you really go to the master’s test, you should fight with this corpse puppet. If you can’t defeat it, you should cultivate for a while before coming back,” said Elder Gu.

“I understand.” Jian Wushuang nodded slightly and immediately looked at the corpse puppet.

“Let’s do it,” Elder Gu said indifferently. As soon as the corpse puppet next to him received his order, it instantly turned into a flowing light and flashed out.

A golden axe appeared in the corpse puppet’s hand. The corpse puppet held the axe with both hands at the same time.

Whoosh!

A streak of golden light flashed out, which was extremely majestic and domineering. It whistled and slashed toward Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang’s Blood Mountain Sword appeared in his hands immediately. Without any fancy moves, the blade of the sword directly smashed toward the golden light with astonishing divine power.

Clang!

A low sound of metal colliding rang out, and the golden light dimmed. Under the pressure of Jian Wushuang’s terrifying power, the golden axe in the corpse puppet’s hand was directly thrown away, and its entire body was instantly pushed back.

In just one exchange, the corpse puppet, which had reached the level of a rank three True Saint, had been completely defeated.

“You defeated this corpse puppet cleanly.” Elder Gu nodded slightly, but he frowned slightly.

“Elder Gu, what do you think?” Jian Wushuang looked over.

“Your strength is indeed good, but if I’m not wrong, the reason why you were able to defeat this corpse puppet so easily was because of your divine power, which is much stronger than that of an ordinary rank three True Saint. In other words, your strength is only strong, but in other aspects, although it’s very good, it’s not ridiculously strong,” Elder Gu said.

Jian Wushuang directly admitted this.

Indeed, his strength was mainly reflected in his strength and power.

Apart from his strength and power, his other aspects were similar to those of the top geniuses in the Divine Beginning World.

“It’s impossible to pass the test left by master if you only have strong strength and power,” Elder Gu said in a deep voice, “The test master left behind is very special. In the test, no matter how strong your power is, it’s useless. Master’s test is purely based on your comprehension of the principles and the Dao. Not to mention your power, even if you know many secret arts and special techniques, you won’t be able to use them during the test.

“Therefore, the chances of you succeeding in the test left by master are very low.”

“What?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed slightly.

It was purely a test of comprehension of principles and Dao. Power was useless?

After all, he had just reached the Immortal Saint Realm and his strength was still in the explosive stage. His comprehension of principles and Dao could be greatly improved at this level, in other words, his strength had not reached the limit of this level.

Under such circumstances, it was obviously very disadvantageous for him to pass the test left by the Master of the secret realm.

“It is indeed very unlikely for you to pass the test left by master. However, master has already set a rule that the same cultivator can challenge the test three times. Since you are here today, you can try it first. Even if you fail, you will at least have a certain understanding of the test and have a good idea of it. In the future, when you come to challenge me for the second time, you will be more confident,” Elder Gu said.

“I see.” Jian Wushuang understood. “In that case, I’ll give it a try today.”

There was a hint of anticipation in Jian Wushuang’s eyes.

He really wanted to know what kind of test the owner of this secret realm, a principle master who could open a great secret realm, had left behind.

Whoosh! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

A burst of majestic divine power condensed in the void in front of Jian Wushuang, and in the blink of an eye, it formed a dark tunnel.

“Enter through this passage and you’ll be in the trial ground. I’ll tell you the content of the trial when you get there,” Elder Gu said.

Jian Wushuang nodded. He took a look at the dark passage in front of him and took a deep breath. Without much hesitation, he stepped into the passage.

Whoosh!

With a flash of light, Jian Wushuang appeared in a vast world.

In the center of this world stood a towering mountain that was hundreds of thousands of feet tall.

This mountain gave Jian Wushuang a feeling of vastness and even a sense of fear.

“Little Guy, the mountain you see now is called Di Mountain. Master once moved to this secret realm by great means.” Elder Gu’s voice came from the void, and a faint figure appeared there.

“Di Mountain?” Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows and looked at the huge mountain in front of him.

He had noticed that Di Mountain was very different from an ordinary mountain at first glance.