Fitness Fun in the Park
0:02 / 1:07

Chapter 3047: Good Fortune

——

When an ordinary person wielded an ax to chop firewood, the moment the ax touched the firewood, a hidden power would burst out.

This was the swordsmanship that Jian Wushuang was seeing now.

But the same thing was, Jian Wushuang still could not see any mystery or depth in this sword move.

But his instinct told him that this sword was very powerful and terrifying!

Jian Wushuang looked at the third, the fourth…and the feathers one by one, but he saw the world-shaking swordsmanship hidden in the feathers.

“Not only the feathers on this bird, but also other things.” Jian Wushuang looked at the other materials in the world.

He looked at the flowers, grass, trees, and the thatched cottage in the center.

Looking at it carefully, he was completely shocked.

Just as he expected, it was not just the feathers on the woodpecker, but all the substances in this world, the petals of every flower, the leaves of every big tree, and even the straw on the thatched cottage. He just looked at them with his heart, all of them could be transformed into astonishing swordsmanship.

“What, what kind of world is this?” Jian Wushuang was completely shocked.

This world looked ordinary, but it contained countless swordsmanship. Moreover, each of these swordsmanships was profound and unfathomable, making it difficult for Jian Wushuang to figure it out. It was really incredible.

Outside this world, in the huge palace, Xue Bei’s consciousness incarnation was still sitting on the lofty throne, while the stone was still in his palm. Looking at the stone in his palm, Xue Bei’s eyes flickered with a strange color.

“The Bodhi World…every flower, every plant, every Bodhi. Even when I first got it, I was shocked by the opportunities contained in it.” Xue Bei sighed. The Bodhi World was in his hands, naturally, he knew about the opportunities contained in it.

The Bodhi World was made up of countless substances, which could evolve into shocking secret arts.

The type of the ultimate skill was determined by the cultivator who entered it.

For example, Jian Wushuang was good at sword principle, so what he saw in the Bodhi World were countless profound sword skills.

However, if a cultivator who was good at saber principle entered the Bodhi World, the substances in the Bodhi World would evolve into profound saber skills.

In short, any cultivator who entered the Bodhi World would see things that would be of great help to him.

However, each person was allowed to enter the Bodhi World once, and they could only stay for 100 years. After 100 years, the Bodhi World would directly collapse and disappear.

“I saw that the little guy performed two sword skills when he was challenging Di Mountain. Those two sword skills have already had a basic outline, so they should have formed the embryonic form of the sword skills. However, it’s only the embryonic form of the two sword skills, so it’s not comprehensive at all. Now…I hope that the little guy can make good use of the opportunities in the Bodhi World and gain a lot in these 100 years,” Xue Bei muttered, then he closed his eyes.

In the Bodhi World, Jian Wushuang had already recovered from the endless shock.

After the shock, Jian Wushuang immediately became ecstatic.

Yes, ecstatic!

One had to know that the Bodhi World he was in now had countless substances. Not to mention the woodpecker’s feathers, there were countless leaves on a big tree, and the thatched cottage was made of many straws, how many straws were there?

There were too many!

But these things could evolve into astonishing swordsmanship. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

There were all kinds of swordsmanship, and they were all powerful and profound. Usually, Jian Wushuang would be excited to see one of them, and he would study it carefully. There were too many swordsmanship here.

He had 100 years to study these profound swordsmanship.

“After I broke through to the Immortal Saint Realm, my comprehension of the space-time principles has also broken through. The most important thing now is to improve my swordsmanship.” Jian Wushuang clenched his hands.

He had long known that the two unique skills, ‘Xi Xiang’ and ‘Star Dream’, were not enough for a fierce battle.

These two unique skills were not a complete sword skill at all.

Therefore, he had to think of ways to create more unique skills to perfect his sword skill.

In order to create new sword skill unique skills, the fastest way was to have a large number of profound sword skills for him to learn from, study, and study.

Unfortunately, such sword skills were too rare. Jian Wushuang did not have such an opportunity before.

But now…there were countless powerful sword skills in the Bodhi World. He could study them as he wished.

The only thing he felt regretful about was that it was too short a time.

Only 100 years.

Jian Wushuang might not be able to completely study such countless sword skills even if he was given 1,000 years, 10,000 years or even tens of thousands of years. 100 years was indeed too little.

“I can’t be too greedy. It’s already good enough for me to stay in the Bodhi World for a hundred years and carefully study it for a hundred years. Senior Xue Bei is right. This Bodhi World is a great fortune for me. What happens next will depend on how much progress I can make in the next hundred years.” Jian Wushuang clenched his fists, his eyes sparkled.

Soon, he sat down under a big tree, closed his eyes, and began to meditate.

Buzz, buzz, buzz!

Jian Wushuang carefully inspected every leaf on the tree, and in an instant, pictures appeared in front of him.

In the pictures, there was a scene of a person performing swordsmanship. The swordsmanship performed by that person was extremely profound.

Normally, he would have to study this sword technique for a very long time. However, because there were too many profound sword techniques like this, he only saw most of the sword techniques once before he looked at the second sword technique, even if there was one sword technique that inspired him, he would only see it twice at most. He would never see it a third time.

Even so, it would still take him a long time to read all the sword techniques represented by each leaf on the tree.

While reading the sword techniques, Jian Wushuang was constantly studying his own sword techniques in his mind.

He was very determined. Although the sword techniques in front of him were powerful, he only watched and learned them. His real goal was to create a prototype of his own sword techniques, then, he would create a brand new swordsmanship that was completely his own.