Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 306: A Desperate Escape

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Jian Wushuang was thinking about how to deal with the attacker.?“An expert of the Saint Realm, who has comprehended Domain, is much stronger than Man Yan. Based on my strength, I can’t have a head-on fight with him.”

“He is much faster than me. It won’t take long before he catches up with me.”

“I can’t escape!”

“If I want to survive, there are still three options.”

Jian Wushuang was thinking quickly.

First, he could turn to Leng Rushuang for help.

Leng Rushuang was not far from him. As long as he promised to be her sister’s guard, she would save him.

The idea just flashed through his mind, but it was immediately overruled by him.

Jian Wushuang could not make such a promise. Even though he may die, he was still unwilling to be her sister’s guard and nanny for five years.

Second, he could fight against Tan Feng using Soul-Devouring Secret Skill.

He could perform the second volume of Soul-Devouring Secret Skill. Then with his rising Cultivation, he could fight Tan Feng, but he might still not win in the end.

The third way would cost him too much, so Jian Wushuang did not want to do it, unless he had no way out.

“Now I have to fight to the death.”?Jian Wushuang thought, a hint of madness flashing through his eyes. “Soul-Devouring Secret Skill.”

In the blink of an eye, a blast of scary power erupted from his body.

Jian Wushuang was still running away, while his body changed into a massive vortex, devouring everything from the surroundings. The natural power rushed toward him at an amazing speed.

The ground below became dry and cracked; trees, grass, and flowers withered.

With the help of this natural power, Jian Wushuang immediately improved his Cultivation of Spiritual Power to its limit.

Leng Rushuang was a bit surprised at his strength.?“A special tactic using natural power to improve Cultivation?”

“The Half-saint Realm!”

With red eyes, Jian Wushuang looked ferocious. He clenched his hands and felt a sharp pain caused by his soaring strength. When he was in the Initial Yang Void Realm, he improved to the Peak of the Yang Void Realm, after performing the second volume of Soul-Devouring Secret Skill.

Now he improved to the Half-saint Realm from the Profound Yang Void Realm after performing it.

With the Half-saint Cultivation and advantage of Heavenly Creation Skill, Jian Wushuang’s strength erupted. He might be a bit stronger than a real expert of the Saint Realm.

“Tan Feng!” Jian Wushuang ground out, a hint of killing intent flashing in his eyes.

He suddenly dashed toward Tan Feng, like a shooting star.

“He didn’t run away?”?Tan Feng sneered.

The waves emanating from him swept toward Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang immediately felt as if he had fallen into mud. His body was suppressed, so it was harder for him to perform his swordsmanship.

“This is... Domain?”?Jian Wushuang thought secretly.

Domain was powerful indeed.

He was stuck in a Domain, with 60 percent of his strength suppressed.

Instantly, Jian Wushuang unleashed streaks of Sword Essence, which converged into a vast sea and swept out. Although it was incomparable to Domain, it helped him reduce the restraint of the Domain. Only 30 percent of his strength was suppressed.

“Very special tactic. It’s a pity that it isn’t strong enough.” Tan Feng looked at Jian Wushuang and wore a faint smile.

Jian Wushuang exuded his soaring killing intent, his Triple-kill Sword madly shaking in his hand. A towering Phantom Giant slowly emerged behind him and wielded his Long Sword.

In an instant, everything trembled.

Jian Wushuang performed his strongest move, the second move of Blood Emptying Technique.

Tan Feng sneered. Then he struck a blow to slap at the sword shadow.

Bang!

The impact made Tan Feng take three steps back. Then he stabilized his stance.

“He could repel me?”?Tan Feng looked at Jian Wushuang in surprise. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Jian Wushuang is young but he can repel me with a head-on attack. If he practices more, he would be stronger than that.”

“You’re young but very powerful. If you fight with the experts of the Saint Realm, who has just mastered Domain, you might defeat them. What a pity! You’re fighting me,” Tan Feng said coldly.

He stretched his arm, with his palm upward.

The surrounding waves began to gather in his palm. In an instant, the surrounding Domain completely disappeared.

The next moment, Tan Feng directly launched an attack.

Jian Wushuang let out a snarl and swung his sword to block the palm, with the maximum Origin of the World.

But the result was...

Bang!

A scary thump, like the thunderbolt, resounded through the sky. Then Jian Wushuang violently shot back like a bomb. He spat out a mouthful of blood and felt as if his viscera had deviated from its original place. He looked pale.

Jian Wushuang tried hard to regain his balance. Then he turned around to escape without hesitation.

“Too strong!”

“I’ve already performed Soul-Devouring Secret Skill and greatly improved my Cultivation, but I’m still much weaker than him.”

The second confrontation made Jian Wushuang lose his morale.

He had no choice but to escape.

“Since I can’t fight against him in a head-on confrontation, I can only turn to the last way.”?Jian Wushuang thought.

He was unwilling to use the last method because he would pay a high price for it.

It was so big that he did not want to bear it.

But now, he was on the edge of a precipice.

“No matter what price I will pay, it’s much better than death.” Jian Wushuang ground out, biting his lips.

He thought he might survive, like a phoenix rising from the ashes.