Chapter 3098: Golden Words

——

At first glance, the black stone pillar seemed to be infinitely large. In short, Jian Wushuang could not see the edge of the black stone pillar with his perception ability in this space.

Such a huge black stone pillar suddenly fell in front of Jian Wushuang, and then there was no more movement.

“What a huge pillar?” Jian Wushuang looked at the black stone pillar with a trace of shock.

The surface of the black stone pillar was not smooth. On the contrary, there were all kinds of bumps and bumps. When he walked in and looked at the black crystals that made up the stone pillar, they looked like ordinary iron plates. However, Jian Wushuang knew very well, these black crystals were not iron plates, nor were they ordinary refining materials.

They were made of a special material that Jian Wushuang had never seen or even heard of.

Jian Wushuang reached out and touched the surface of the black stone pillar. Instantly, he felt a chill. At the same time, a terrifying chill struck his heart, causing him to feel a chill in his heart. He was so scared that he immediately withdrew his hand.

“What is this stone pillar?” Jian Wushuang frowned. Then, he raised his head and looked carefully at the top of the stone pillar. When he looked at it, his pupils could not help shrinking. He saw that above the stone pillar was the central area, there were one after another strange golden characters.

These golden characters were also very big, like tadpoles twisting together. Each character looked very similar, but they were all different.

Looking at these golden characters, Jian Wushuang was even more confused.

Because he did not know these golden characters at all.

After all, he had been to many places in two lifetimes and had seen many strange words, but he had never seen such strange words. Most importantly, each of these golden words gave him an extremely ancient feeling and a profound feeling.

After carefully counting, there were 32 golden words on the black stone pillar.

“According to Elder Mo Shan, anyone who enters the Heaven-cleaving Mystic Realm can get their own opportunities, but the size of the opportunities is different. My opportunities, is it the black stone pillar in front of me, or the 32 golden words on the stone pillar that I can’t recognize?” Jian Wushuang muttered.

After pondering for a moment, Jian Wushuang sat down cross-legged in front of the black stone pillar. Then he began to carefully observe the 32 golden words.

He first looked at the first golden word.

He looked at it for an hour, but no matter how hard he looked at it with his naked eyes, consciousness, or heart, he could not see anything. There was no change or reaction in the golden word.

He frowned and looked at the second golden character, but the result was the same.

The third, the fourth…Jian Wushuang had been looking at the 15th golden character from the first golden character for a full hour, but he still could not find anything.

Until Jian Wushuang looked at the 16th golden character.

“Huh?”

Jian Wushuang’s expression suddenly changed. He only stared at the 16th golden character. Under his gaze, the golden character did not change at all. However, Jian Wushuang found that there was a certain connection between him and the golden character, it was as if he could communicate with it.

Just like the strange gold stone that Jian Wushuang had obtained back then, the golden stone looked ordinary at first glance. There was nothing special about it. However, because Jian Wushuang was very talented in the space-time principle, his compatibility with the space-time principle was also very high, therefore, he could sense the faint space-time power hidden in the golden stone, so he came to the gate of the space-time temple and learned two space-time divine skills.

Now, Jian Wushuang also sensed an extremely subtle connection from the 16th golden word.

“What is hidden in this golden word?”

Jian Wushuang was completely immersed in the golden word.

Two hours, four hours…soon, Jian Wushuang stared at the 16th golden word for three days.

During this time, the subtle connection between him and the 16th golden word became stronger and stronger.

Finally, the fourth day arrived.

Boom!

A vast message burst out from the 16th golden word and rushed directly into Jian Wushuang’s mind.

This information was too vast and vast.

Not only did it contain all kinds of information, but also a large number of images crazily rushed into his mind.

At this moment, even Jian Wushuang felt a sharp pain in his head and almost fainted. But in the end, he still endured the pain with great difficulty and tried his best to accept the information.

Time passed.

Ten days passed in a flash.

During these ten days, Jian Wushuang endured unprecedented pain in his mind every day. The pain was extremely intense. Fortunately, Jian Wushuang’s will was tough and his heart was like a rock. If it were an ordinary True Saint…he could not bear the pain anymore.

During these ten days, the vast information from the 16th golden word finally entered Jian Wushuang’s mind.

At this moment, the pain in Jian Wushuang’s mind gradually eased.

“Phew!”

Jian Wushuang had just exhaled, but he did not have time to relax.

The 16th golden character on the pitch-black stone pillar began to wriggle like a tadpole, and in the end, it completely came to life.

The golden character had already detached from the black stone pillar, and then slowly floated toward Jian Wushuang. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

When it reached Jian Wushuang, the golden character began to shrink and finally landed on the back of Jian Wushuang’s right hand. It had completely merged with his right hand.

When the golden divine body merged with Jian Wushuang’s right hand, Jian Wushuang instantly fell into a very strange state.

This state was ethereal, but Jian Wushuang could clearly feel it.

In this state, a large amount of information from the golden words began to appear in front of him.

Jian Wushuang also began to be immersed in this vast information.

He did not know that while he was immersed in this state, the golden words on the back of his right hand, which had shrunk countless times, were shining with a layer of dazzling golden light in all directions, as if they were affected by this golden light, the large amount of gray airflow around Jian Wushuang crazily attacked Jian Wushuang.

The large amount of gray airflow completely enveloped Jian Wushuang’s divine body. A burst of powerful devouring power naturally erupted from Jian Wushuang’s body, crazily devouring the gray airflow and then transforming it.

This step happened naturally in Jian Wushuang’s own unconsciousness. He did not even know about it.

…