Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3110: Not Dead?

——

Bang!

The terrifying sword light brought with it an earth-shattering might as it directly hacked at God Four’s divine body.

The Sovereign Blood Kill was a sword technique that was combined with the pressure of space and time. Its main power was not as tyrannical as the star dream first style.

Therefore, this sword did not tear apart the armor on Four God’s body, but the earth-shattering power contained in the sword technique was transmitted to Four God’s divine body through the armor, causing his divine body to directly collapse.

“How is this possible?”

When the Four God’s divine body collapsed, he was still howling in his heart.

However, because the armor was not torn, the ‘evil god’ venom that Jian Wushuang smeared on the Blood Mountain Sword blade could not really enter the divine body of the divine four and erode his divine power, the divine power could completely rely on the immortal body to regenerate the divine body.

But at this moment…

Jian Wushuang raised his right hand and pointed in the direction of Four God!

Space-time divine skill, space-time annihilation!

Buzz! Buzz!

It was also space-time annihilation, but the space-time annihilation was used to the fullest by the space-time annihilation.

Its power was dozens or even hundreds of times stronger than the space-time annihilation that Jian Wushuang used solely by relying on his comprehension of the space-time principles!

The heaven and earth shook, and the void began to roar crazily.

The divine power formed after the Four God’s divine body collapsed was completely covered by the time-space annihilation. The terrifying destructive power burst out, and in a short moment! The Four God’s divine power was completely annihilated!

Four God, a rank five True Saint expert, died on the spot!

“One finger void annihilation. This move should be the nemesis of the immortal body.” Jian Wushuang looked at the space-time in front of him, which had been completely annihilated, and was secretly amazed.

In fact, the move void annihilation had a certain restraining effect on the immortal body.

After all, void annihilation could annihilate divine power on a large scale.

However, the power of ordinary void annihilation was not very strong, and the range was not very large. It was almost impossible to annihilate the divine power of a True Saint expert by void annihilation alone, at most, it could annihilate 10% or 20% of the opponent’s divine power.

However, the space-time annihilation with one finger was different.

The space-time annihilation with one finger could increase the power of space-time annihilation by dozens or even hundreds of times!

Naturally, it could only annihilate 10% or 20% of the opponent’s divine power, but now it could annihilate the opponent’s divine power.

After killing nearly 30 experts of the third level of the True Saint Realm, Jian Wushuang’s mood did not fluctuate much.

He knew that it would not be difficult for him to kill all of them with his current strength under the premise of the space-time seal.

He even knew from the beginning that these experts were only enough to loosen his muscles and bones, but they could not force him to use his full strength.

Indeed, he had not used his full strength since the beginning of the fight.

In fact, he had only revealed a small part of his strength.

“For me now, an ordinary rank five True Saint is not a challenge. If it were a peak rank five True Saint, he might be able to exert some pressure on me. As for a real threat to me, only a rank six True Saint is qualified,” Jian Wushuang said lightly.

After restraining his aura, Jian Wushuang put the Blood Mountain Sword back into his interspatial ring. After sweeping through the surrounding battlefield, he left immediately.

Except for him, no one knew that nearly 30 True Saint experts above rank three had died here. Four God and the other experts who had been slaughtered could not spread the news even before they died.

Because they were in the master seal, the entire space and time were under Jian Wushuang’s control. Without Jian Wushuang’s consent, no one could communicate with the outside world. Naturally, no one knew that Four God and the others had been killed by him.

…

On a hill far away from where Jian Wushuang and Four God were fighting.

Whoosh!

Yuan Chong landed on the top of the hill and then put down Prince Qing on his back.

“Your Highness, we should be safe now.” Yuan Chong exhaled lightly.

“Yes.” Prince Qing nodded slightly.

Shen four and the others had not been behind them for a long time. After that, they had fled for a long time. Unless they had some special marks on them, it was impossible for Four God and the others to catch up with them.

“We should have saved our lives this time. In addition, we have to thank that little brother of the Heavenly Sword Marquis. If he had not stopped Four God and the others for us, it would have been too easy for Four God to catch up with us with his speed.” Yuan Chong sighed softly, “Speaking of which, that little brother Heavenly Sword Marquis is quite capable. When he said he would stop Shen Si and the others for us, I thought it was impossible. I didn’t expect him to actually stop them.”

“We should thank him.” Highness Qing nodded slightly.

She brought along a guard this time. One of them was a spy of the other party. When the other eight people saw Shen Si and the others and sensed that the situation was not good, they immediately chose to flee. No one paid any attention to her.

Only the Heavenly Sword Marquis did not escape.

Later, when they fled, the Heavenly Sword Marquis also took the initiative to stay behind to help them stop Four God and the others. Most importantly, he really stopped Four God and the others.

It could be said that they owed the Heavenly Sword Marquis a life.

“I wonder if he can survive from the hands of Four God and the others,” Princess Qing said.

“Well…” Yuan Chong frowned and secretly shook his head.

In his opinion, it was already amazing that Jian Wushuang could stop Shen Si and the others for a while.

It was impossible for Jian Wushuang to survive the attacks of nearly 30 experts like Shen Si.

He could imagine that the furious Shen Si and the others would definitely tear Jian Wushuang into pieces.

Of course, he would not tell this to His Highness Qing.

But at this moment..

“Eh?” Yuan Chong’s expression suddenly changed. He had already noticed that there was a message token vibrating in his interspatial ring.

“Is it your Sixth Prince who is sending me a message at this time?” Yuan Chong thought it was his Sixth Prince who was sending him a message. After all, he had already reported the attack on His Highness Qing to his Sixth Prince on the way.

Yuan Chong immediately flipped his hand and took out the token.

However, when he took out the jade token and saw the message from the token, Yuan Chong was stunned.

“What’s wrong?” Prince Qing, who was beside him, noticed Yuan Chong’s loss of composure and immediately looked over.

“Yes, it’s the little brother of Heavenly Sword Marquis who sent the message.” Yuan Chong said in astonishment.

“What?” Prince Qing was stunned, but then he was overjoyed. “He’s still alive?”

“The message token can only make one person recognize its owner. Now that he used the message token I gave him to send a message, he’s definitely not dead,” Yuan Chong said. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

…