Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3123: Chu Yixiao

——

“Mu Feng, you just wait and see.”

Chu Yixiao smiled coldly, but a large amount of green divine lightning suddenly burst out from his body.

These green divine lightning were incomparably violent, crackling and crackling as they covered Chu Yixiao’s entire body. In the blink of an eye, they actually formed a huge green lightning beast on Chu Yixiao’s body. This green lightning beast was somewhat like a qilin…as Chu Yixiao moved, the cyan thunder beast roared and rushed out.

In the center of the battlefield, Jian Wushuang was still wantonly killing. No one could stop him. His killing methods were so terrifying that no one in the Third Prince’s camp could withstand his sword. In just a short while, more than a dozen experts had died at his hands.

But at this moment…boom!

A low roar sounded. Jian Wushuang instantly felt an extremely violent power pressing toward him.

He turned his head and saw a huge cyan-colored thunder beast suddenly descending from the void as if a thunder god had descended from the sky! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The terrifying oppressive power was so strong that it made people click their tongues.

At the same time, swish! Swish!

Two cyan streamers also smashed out rapidly.

These two cyan streamers were the two giant cyan hammers wielded by Chu Yixiao. These two cyan giant hammers were not circular hammers, but similar to hammers, but their power was still extremely terrifying.

Seeing these two cyan streamers smashing towards him, Jian Wushuang’s pupils constricted, but he threw out the Blood Mountain Sword in his hand.

It was the peerless sword technique, Xi Xiang!

Clang! Clang!

Two consecutive sounds of collision rang out. The first was the sound of one of the giant cyan hammers smashing into Jian Wushuang’s Blood Mountain Sword, causing the sword to tremble violently and retreat, the second sound was the sound of another giant cyan hammer smashing towards Jian Wushuang again, which sent him flying.

Jian Wushuang retreated like a cannonball. He was forced to the edge of the battlefield before he stopped.

After he stopped, he looked at his numb palm and his eyes became sharp. “Finally, a decent opponent?”

Jian Wushuang looked at Chu Yixiao, who was covered by the cyan thunder beast, and a faint smile appeared on his face.

Although he had killed more than ten experts, he had never met a real opponent. Even the rank five True Saint was easily killed by him, it did not bring him any pressure at all.

One had to know that the reason why Jian Wushuang accepted this heaven-level mission was not only to allow him to cultivate freely but also to have proper training. But he had never had such training before.

But now…the appearance of Chu Yixiao made him feel a hint of fighting spirit.

“Boy, you must have enjoyed the killing just now, right?” Chu Yixiao’s eyes shot out as he stared at Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang did not say anything, but his body had already rushed out in an instant.

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish!

Streaks of silver light burst out, and Jian Wushuang’s speed was pushed to the limit.

The speed was so fast that ordinary rank five true saints could not catch his tracks at all.

However, Chu Yixiao snorted. Soon after, streaks of green lightning could be seen flashing in the void, and their speed was also extremely fast.

Clang!

Suddenly, Jian Wushuang and Chu Yixiao fought again.

It was also a collision of power, but Jian Wushuang was sent flying again.

“He is as fast as me, and his instantaneous power is even stronger than mine?” Jian Wushuang frowned slightly. “His divine power is only at the level of an ordinary rank five True Saint, and it seems that he has just reached the level of a rank five True Saint, but his battle strength is even stronger than that of an ordinary peak rank five True Saint. Is He from the Purple Cloud Pavilion?”

Jian Wushuang knew very well that some genius experts could not be measured purely by their realms.

For example, evil master, Mirage Water, and the others were only at the level of a rank one True Saint, but their real battle strength surpassed that of most rank three True Saints.

For example, he was only a rank three True Saint, but he could easily kill a rank five True Saint.

Chu Yixiao was one of the genius disciples of the Purple Cloud Pavilion. Although his ability to jump realms was not too outrageous, with his cultivation of a rank five True Saint Realm and some secret skills, he could easily kill a rank five True Saint, he was able to increase the power of his divine power to the level of a rank five Peak True Saint. In addition, he had a high comprehension of laws and created a peak rank five absolute art, the collision of pure strength and power is indeed stronger than Jian Wushuang.

After all, Jian Wushuang’s divine power was at the peak of rank five, but his ultimate skill, Xi Xiang, had just reached rank five, which was still far from the peak of rank five.

“Boy, I don’t know your name, but I could tell when you attacked. You are strong and can kill a rank five True Saint, but the reason why you can kill so many experts so easily is because of your speed and unique swordsmanship!”

“Your swordsmanship is very good at killing. You can easily tear apart ordinary protective armor. In addition, you can infuse special venom into your swordsmanship to kill a rank three, rank four, or even rank five True Saint. But as long as someone can keep up with your speed, your ability to kill will be greatly reduced!”

“As for the competition of strength, you are still far from being comparable to an ordinary Peak True Saint.”

Chu Yixiao’s cold laughter echoed between heaven and earth.

During the slaughter that Jian Wushuang had just launched, he had already roughly grasped Jian Wushuang’s strength. That was why he was so confident in front of Mu Feng because he was sure that he could easily crush Jian Wushuang.

His speed was no slower than Jian Wushuang’s. In terms of divine power and power, he was obviously stronger than Jian Wushuang.

Hearing Chu Yixiao’s words, Jian Wushuang smiled coldly and said, “Are you sure you are stronger than me in terms of strength?”

As soon as he finished speaking, Jian Wushuang suddenly raised his hand.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

Streams of purple light suddenly rushed out.

Upon closer inspection, they turned out to be sharp purple soft swords.

These purple soft swords were called purple demon swords, which Jian Wushuang had exchanged for at a great price in the treasure pavilion of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance.

Each purple demon sword had reached the level of a first-grade holy treasure, and it was an advanced first-grade holy treasure. Moreover, the purple demon swords complemented the reincarnation principles, so they were most suitable for the use of the reincarnation principles. Now…Jian Wushuang took out 18 purple demon swords in one breath.

With a thought from Jian Wushuang, the 18 purple demon swords quickly combined and formed a cross-shaped purple sword in the blink of an eye.

The purple sword was like a purple demonic charm.