Cuteness Unleashed
0:01 / 1:07

Chapter 3124: Fury

——

“Go!”

Jian Wushuang pointed with one hand, and the purple sword instantly shot out.

The surrounding people only saw a flash of purple light.

The purple light was very weak and small, like a needle or, to be exact, a hair.

However, the speed and power of the purple light, which was as small as a hair, was extremely powerful.

It was the seventh layer of the Samsara Sword Formation, a strand of emotion!

“Eh?”

Chu Yixiao stared at the purple light that was shooting towards him. His eyes darkened and in the next moment, the giant hammer in his hand fiercely smashed out.

Like a green thunderbolt, the giant hammer directly smashed onto the demonic purple light.

Bang!

With a loud sound, the expression on Chu Yixiao’s face froze.

He had already sensed the terrifying power contained within that seemingly weak purple light.

When the power collided with the giant hammer, a strong impact immediately spread out, causing Chu Yixiao to retreat three steps on the spot. However, the purple light only trembled slightly and then continued to attack him.

“What is it?”

Chu Yixiao’s expression changed, and he had to swing the giant hammer in his hand again in an attempt to smash the purple light away.

However…the purple light was the seventh reincarnation sword formation that Jian Wushuang was fully controlling.

It should be known that Jian Wushuang had already reached the third stage of comprehending the reincarnation principles before entering the Heaven-cleaving Mystic Realm. He could already use the seventh sword formation. Later, he stayed in the Heaven-cleaving Mystic Realm for a full 60 years.

During these 60 years, he was completely immersed in the secret skill, six paths of reincarnation, which was a secret skill that used reincarnation principles.

During those 60 years, Jian Wushuang had made great progress in reincarnation principles, which was amazing! nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Now, his comprehension of reincarnation principles was far above the comprehension of space-time principles.

His comprehension of the space-time principles was only at the level of an ordinary rank five True Saint, but his comprehension of the reincarnation principles was stronger than that of an ordinary rank five Peak True Saint!

With such a high comprehension of the Samsara principles, Jian Wushuang could already use the ultimate power of the heavy sword formation with the seventh reincarnation sword formation.

Therefore, what Chu Yixiao was seeing now was the ultimate power and the most complete ‘love thread’.

With the same divine power, Chu Yixiao could barely compete with the purple light even if he used all his strength to use his peak rank five secret skill. However, Jian Wushuang could control the reincarnation sword formation with his mind, it was much easier than Chu Yixiao swinging his giant hammer.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

In the center of the battlefield, Chu Yixiao swung his giant hammer and collided with the purple light again and again. However, he did not have any advantage in each collision. The purple light kept charging at him crazily, Chu Yixiao was forced to wave his hands again and again. Not only did he consume a lot of divine power, but his divine body was also impacted by each collision. He looked a little embarrassed.

“Damn it, what kind of Sword Formation is this? How can it be so powerful?” Chu Yixiao’s face was unsightly.

At this moment…

Jian Wushuang, who had been controlling the sword formation with his mind, suddenly moved.

Buzz! Buzz!

One after another, strange figures suddenly burst out.

At this moment, hundreds and thousands of ‘Jian Wushuang’ appeared in the world, making it impossible to tell whether they were real or fake.

Then, he took a step forward, and the Blood Mountain Sword in his hand fell straight down. A sword shadow flashed and then disappeared.

The Peerless Sword Manual, the instant of life and death!

Fast, too fast!

Among the seven sword moves of the Peerless Sword Manual, the instant of life and death was the fastest sword move, and it was also a sure-kill sword move!

In a head-on confrontation, this sword move could completely kill the opponent without the opponent having time to react.

Back in the Young Divine Sect, he had used this sword to kill Bai Xiao, a genius of the Dao Palace, with the same divine power.

But now, Jian Wushuang’s sword was even faster in a real battle, making it even more difficult for people to react.

At least Chu Yixiao, who was constantly clashing with the reincarnation sword formation, did not have time to react.

Whoosh!

The sword light directly brushed past Chu Yixiao’s body. The armor on Chu Yixiao’s body was obviously much more advanced than that of an ordinary expert. Although Jian Wushuang’s Blood Mountain Sword was extremely sharp, it only barely tore a crack on the armor. It only barely tore Chu Yixiao’s skin, but it could not go deeper.

Chu Yixiao’s divine body did not directly collapse, but because of the tearing of his skin, the three drops of evil god poison that had merged with the Blood Mountain Sword instantly entered his divine body and began to madly erode his divine power.

After all, Chu Yixiao was a rank five True Saint and a genius. His divine power was much stronger than that of an ordinary rank five True Saint. The three drops of evil god poison had only eroded 10% of Chu Yixiao’s divine power.

Even so, it still made Chu Yixiao furious.

“Bastard!”

Chu Yixiao was really furious.

He was a rank five True Saint and a genius disciple of the Purple Cloud Pavilion. However, when he fought with a rank three True Saint, his armor was torn by his opponent, and his skin was torn by the sword light, fortunately, the evil god poison that Jian Wushuang had fused with the sword seed was not high-level, so it could only erode 10% of his divine power.

If it was a higher-level venom, then this sword could kill him directly?

When he thought about how he almost died at Jian Wushuang’s hands, he flew into a rage!

“Boy, you have succeeded in provoking me!”

Chu Yixiao’s voice was cold, and his eyes were shining with endless cold light.

His aura had also become completely cold. Endless cyan divine thunder burst out from his body. At this moment, he seemed to have transformed into a real thunder god.

Jian Wushuang’s pupils constricted, and the cross-shaped reincarnation sword formation floated in front of him. He could sense Chu Yixiao’s rage, and he could also see that Chu Yixiao was preparing a very powerful attack.

“Die!”

Chu Yixiao roared and attacked.

His body suddenly shook, and endless green lightning burst out from his body, instantly forming a cyan giant that was a thousand feet tall.

The cyan giant was completely formed by violent green divine thunder. After it took shape, it let out a roar and immediately swooped down.

The cyan giant also had a giant cyan hammer in its hand. Crackling, crackling, the divine thunder gathered, and endless power was condensed in this hammer.

The power of this hammer alone made Jian Wushuang’s face change.

However, in the next moment, Jian Wushuang raised his hand, and the space-time power suddenly burst out with endless divine power.

Space-time divine skill, one-finger void suppression skill!

Boom!

A huge space-time storm formed in the void in front of the cyan giant.

The cyan giant had just swooped down when it was completely engulfed by the space-time storm, and then the terrifying destructive power burst out.

…