Fitness Fun in the Park
0:02 / 1:07

Chapter 3125: God-Slaying Nail

____________

Boom!

The space-annihilating finger skill could destroy everything!

This move was created by the Space-time Temple Master. It was extremely powerful. Previously, Jian Wushuang had defeated his opponent’s divine body. When his opponent had sufficient divine body, he would use this move to completely kill his opponent.

But in fact, the real use of this move was much more than that.

Now, when the finger void annihilation skill was used, the cyan giant fell into the temporal storm, and the endless cyan divine thunder was destroyed at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Buzz!

The world calmed down again.

The temporal storm had disappeared, but the cyan giant was also completely destroyed.

Just when everyone thought that Chu Yixiao’s most powerful attack, which he had spent a long time to accumulate, had been neutralized by Jian Wushuang, a dark light suddenly shot out from the void in front of him.

This dark light was too fast. It was almost as fast as Jian Wushuang’s most powerful sword attack, life and death.

Moreover, this dark light was too sudden.

The appearance of the light was beyond everyone’s expectations, including Jian Wushuang.

He had just used the void annihilation technique to annihilate the cyan giant when the light came straight at him. It was so fast that he did not have time to block it.

Bang!

The light directly hit Jian Wushuang’s divine body.

When it came into contact with the divine body, Jian Wushuang could see the original appearance of the light.

It turned out to be a pitch-black nail, emitting an extremely evil and cold aura.

When the pitch-black nail hit Jian Wushuang’s divine body, Jian Wushuang immediately felt a terrible impact, causing him to retreat subconsciously, while he was retreating, the pitch-black nail was still crazily attacking his body.

Jian Wushuang was also wearing protective armor, which was his natal armor, the golden armor.

As his strength increased, the golden armor became more and more advanced. It was now a first-grade holy treasure, and because it had fused with his blood essence, it was very strong and sturdy.

However, as the pitch-black nail continued to attack, the sharp part of the nail pierced a small hole in the golden armor and then Jian Wushuang’s skin, in the next moment, the pitch-black nail turned into a pitch-black light beam and entered Jian Wushuang’s divine body.

Jian Wushuang suddenly stopped in the void and then closed his eyes, as if he was enduring a terrible attack.

In the void in front of him, Chu Yixiao looked at Jian Wushuang and smiled coldly. “This kid is indeed powerful. He easily neutralized my strongest attack, but he couldn’t block my god-killing nail!”

“The god-killing nail was made by my master. Even with my master’s skills, it was not easy to make it. Therefore, each nail is very rare. It was not easy for me to ask my master to make one for me!”

“This god punisher nail contains a terrifying hex poison that can easily destroy divine power. Let alone a rank three True Saint, even a peak rank five True Saint or a rank six True Saint would die if their skin was pierced by the god punisher nail!”

“Therefore, this kid is dead for sure!”

Chu Yixiao’s brows were filled with absolute confidence.

This confidence came from the god-slaying nail and his master.

His master had said that even a rank six True Saint would die if his skin was pierced by the god-slaying nail, not to mention Jian Wushuang, a rank three True Saint.

In fact, it was only the reward given by Third Prince Mu Feng, so he was not qualified to use the god-slaying nail.

Because it was very difficult to refine the god-slaying nail, he only had one. Once he used it, there would be no more. In the future, it would be very difficult for him to find his master to refine a second one for him, so…he had been trying to use the god-killing nail as his last trump card. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The reason why he used the god-killing nail now was not only because Jian Wushuang had just injured him and made him furious, but also because he wanted the treasure on Jian Wushuang.

“This kid is only a rank three True Saint, but his battle strength is stronger than an ordinary peak rank five True Saint. I’ve never heard of such a heaven-defying genius before. Under normal circumstances, such a heaven-defying genius must have gotten a lot of opportunities. He must have a big secret. As long as I kill him and take his interspatial ring, I might be able to find the reason why he is so dazzling and heaven-defying in his interspatial ring!”

Chu Yixiao’s eyes sparkled with excitement and excitement.

If he were an ordinary genius, he would not have used the god-killing nail, but Jian Wushuang was definitely worth killing with it.

“I wonder what secret this kid is hiding?” Chu Yixiao began to guess Jian Wushuang’s secret.

But at this moment…

Jian Wushuang, who had been standing in front of him with his eyes closed, suddenly opened his eyes. The moment he opened his eyes, two faint electric lights shot out.

“What?” Chu Yixiao’s face suddenly changed. “Not dead? How is that possible?”

“Master said clearly that even a rank six True Saint would die if he encountered the god-killing nail. How could a rank three True Saint like him survive?”

Chu Yixiao could not understand it at all.

What he did not know was that not only did Jian Wushuang not die, but he was also completely fine.

Although the god-killing nail had entered his body, it did not cause him any harm at all!

After all, the god-killing nail was terrifying because it contained a terrifying voodoo poison.

The voodoo poison was enough to vaporize the divine power of a rank six True Saint. An ordinary rank six True Saint would have a hard time surviving the god-killing nail. Even a peak rank six True Saint would be half-dead under the god-killing nail, however, Jian Wushuang was different.

Jian Wushuang was a perfect chaotic creature!

His physique was invulnerable to fire and water, and he was immune to all poisons!

He had a natural resistance to all kinds of poisons and voodoo poisons. Even the most powerful poisons in the Divine Beginning World could not hurt him at all.

The voodoo poison in the god-slaying nail was nothing?

Therefore, when the god-slaying nail entered Jian Wushuang’s body, the poison was quickly assimilated by the divine power in his body. He was not affected at all. As for closing his eyes, it was just a show for Chu Yixiao to see, after all, he was a rank three True Saint. It would be strange if he did not have any reaction after being poisoned by the god-killing nail.

Although Chu Yixiao’s god-killing nail did not affect him, the impact of the god-killing nail still aroused Jian Wushuang’s anger.

…