Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3128: The Outcome Was Set

——

“I’ve just received your strike. In response, you should receive my strike as well!”

Jian Wushuang’s voice echoed in the world. Behind him, a large amount of golden divine power began to gather crazily. In the blink of an eye, it formed a 30,000-meter-tall Golden Emperor Phantom, at the same time, a layer of dark-gold armor appeared on his body.

The divine punishment god and the nine luminaries star armor were used at the same time.

These two secret skills had a great effect on Jian Wushuang’s strength.

Especially the nine luminaries star armor, which was in the heavenly armor chapter. It had increased Jian Wushuang’s attack power by 12 times!

12 times? What kind of concept was that!

Because he had used the seven-star secret skill, his divine power had reached the level of a peak rank five True Saint. Now, he had used the divine punishment god and nine luminaries star armor, as well as the supreme sword essence guided by the Blood Mountain Sword, at this moment, his divine power was comparable to that of an ordinary rank six True Saint.

Rumble!

The terrifying divine power crazily rushed in all directions.

The surrounding void suddenly became cold.

It was cold to the bottom of the valley, extremely cold.

The entire vast world seemed to have been completely silent in an ice cave.

Jian Wushuang slowly raised the Blood Mountain Sword in his hand.

The sword was placed horizontally in front of him.

However, this simple act of raising the sword instantly stirred up the surrounding space and time, turning the surrounding void completely blood-red.

The blood-red sky, the blood-red earth, and even the air were filled with a large amount of blood fog.

The surrounding experts even seemed to see the bones under Jian Wushuang’s feet forming a blood sea. The shocking killing intent soared to the sky, making everyone’s heart palpitate.

At this moment, Jian Wushuang was no longer a human cultivator, but an asura that had transformed into hell!

It was a blood-red Asura!

The blood-red Asura raised the sword in its hand and slowly slashed out. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The simple slash seemed to contain no power. However, the moment the Blood Mountain Sword was slashed out, the surrounding people were all shocked.

It was the Peerless Sword Manual, Blood Asura!

Among the seven sword moves, it was the strongest and the move that Jian Wushuang was most proud of!

Deacon Long stood in the void in front of Jian Wushuang and watched Jian Wushuang strike. The moment Jian Wushuang struck, even his expression could not help but change.

However, in his heart, he still did not put Jian Wushuang, a mere rank three True Saint, in his eyes.

Until the sword completely descended.

Buzz!

A wave of space-time power came toward him without any warning.

The appearance of this wave of space-time power caused the void where Deacon Long was standing to stop completely.

Space-time stagnation!

This was the most terrifying aspect of blood Asura’s sword move.

Even Deacon Long, a rank six True Saint, had a moment of space-time stagnation under Jian Wushuang’s move.

This moment of space-time stagnation slowed his reaction by half a beat. When he came back to his senses, the terrifying blood-red sword had already arrived in front of him.

Deacon Long was stunned. He could only raise the pitch-black long staff in his hand subconsciously and put it horizontally in front of his chest.

Clang!

The blood-red sword light struck the long staff head-on. A strong force was exerted, causing the staff to press down on Deacon Long’s divine body.

Deacon Long’s body suddenly shook, and he staggered back three steps. Every step he took stomped heavily on the void as if the void was about to explode.

After he steadied himself, Deacon Long raised his head again and looked at Jian Wushuang. His eyes were full of anger, but there was also a hint of shock hidden in his eyes!

After all, he was a genuine rank six True Saint, while Jian Wushuang was only a rank three True Saint.

However, Jian Wushuang had forced him to retreat!

It was a direct retreat, not a sneak attack.

“This kid!” Deacon Long’s eyes were cold, and his killing intent soared to the sky.

However, before he could attack again, Elder Zi Xing had already appeared beside Jian Wushuang.

“Get lost!” Deacon Long glared at Elder Zi Xing.

“Long Lu, you are a rank six True Saint, but you were forced to retreat by a rank three True Saint. Do you still have the face to stay here?

“If I were you, I would have run far away.” Elder Zi Xing smiled coldly, however, a storm had already stirred in his heart.

Deacon Long’s expression sank. His face was burning as his thoughts raced, he said, “Very good. With the people from the Holy Feather Sect here today, I won’t be able to kill you. However, don’t think that this will be the end of it. You killed a core disciple of my Purple Cloud Pavilion. No matter where you run to, my Purple Cloud Pavilion will definitely kill you!”

“Hmph!”

With a cold snort, this Deacon Long directly turned around and left into the distant void under the gazes of everyone around him.

As for the Third Prince and the others, Deacon Long could not be bothered to pay attention to them.

“Deacon Long!”

Seeing Deacon Long leave, the Third Prince and the experts under him all panicked.

Deacon Long was their greatest reliance. Only with deacon long around, they could contend against Elder Zi Xing of the Holy Feather Sect.

But now that Deacon Long had left, who in the Third Prince’s camp could stop Elder Zi Xing?

An expert of the rank six True Saint Realm and Jian Wushuang, a terrifying rank three True Saint, were enough to completely slaughter their own camp.

“Kill! Kill them all!”

In contrast to the Third Prince’s camp, the Sixth Prince’s camp was overjoyed when they saw Deacon Long leave. Their morale rose to the highest point. They began to kill the experts of the Third Prince’s camp in a frenzy.

The Third Prince’s camp had long lost its backbone, and in the blink of an eye, it was on the verge of collapse.

An hour later, the battle finally calmed down.

The two camps, under the fierce battle of one side, finally decided the victor.

The winner was undoubtedly the Sixth Prince’s camp. As for the Third Prince’s camp, they were defeated and returned, and a large number of experts were killed, including a few of the Third Prince’s arms. As for the Third Prince, Mu Feng himself…he had escaped with his life under the protection of a few trusted aides.

Although he had escaped, today’s battle had completely established the situation of the Zhen Wu country. In addition, the Zhen Wu country would have the support of the Holy Feather Sect in the future. The Sixth Prince would certainly become the king. As for the Third Prince…he could no longer stir up any big waves.

The situation was set!

The experts of the Sixth Prince’s camp were all pleasantly surprised.

While they were pleasantly surprised, they occasionally looked in Jian Wushuang’s direction.

“It’s him. He killed a large number of experts from the Third Prince’s camp, killed the genius disciple of the Purple Cloud Pavilion on the spot, and even forced the rank six True Saint of the Purple Cloud Pavilion to retreat. That’s how we can win!”