Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3252: Madness

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

——

The three of them had been scared out of their wits by Jian Wushuang’s sword attack. Now, they did not dare to face him again, so they did not dare to participate in the fight for the Blood Wave Token.

Moreover, they were not in a good condition.

The people of the Flame Saint Realm were scattered by Jian Wushuang and had not gathered yet. Gu Zhenzi, who was the strongest, had lost 80% of his divine power by Jian Wushuang’s sword attack, with only 20% of his divine power left, it was impossible for him to participate in this competition.

They had no choice but to give up.

“Let’s go. When I recover to my peak condition, we still have a chance to fight for the Blood Wave Token.”

Gu Zhenzi said this and the three of them quickly left.

Just as they had expected, the Blood Wave Token had created such a huge commotion that Jian Wushuang had sensed it immediately.

“Judging from the commotion, there should be at least two or even three Blood Wave Tokens appearing at the same time. With so many Blood Wave Tokens appearing at the same time, it will definitely attract more experts. Perhaps the Destruction Saint Realm, the Life and Death Saint Realm, and the Flame Saint Realm... This is a good opportunity for me.” Jian Wushuang smiled coldly, then, he immediately rushed to the place where the Blood Wave Tokens had appeared.

...

The Blood Wave Realm had been open for nearly 40 days.

During this time, three Blood Wave Tokens had been born. These three had fallen into the hands of Master Ku, Han Xin, and Jian Wushuang, which made the experts who had not received the Blood Wave Tokens anxious, after all, there were only 10 Blood Wave Tokens, but there were too many people fighting for them.

On the 39th day of the opening of the Blood Wave Realm, a feast erupted near the territory where Jian Wushuang and the Flame Saint Realm were fighting.

Three Blood Wave Tokens appeared at the same time and in the same place!

The sudden explosion was so shocking that it attracted a large number of experts.

When Jian Wushuang arrived at the place, there were already more than 100 experts fighting crazily for the three Blood Wave Tokens. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

“So many people?”

“And they are so crazy!”

Even Jian Wushuang could not help looking at the scene in astonishment.

There were more than 100 experts, the weakest of which was a Peak Saint. Among them, there were more than 10 Invincible Saints. They were fighting crazily. All of them just wanted to get the Blood Wave Token, regardless of who had it, they would immediately be surrounded and attacked by almost everyone.

The surrounding space and time were also directly sealed. Those who had gotten the Blood Wave Token earlier in the fight did not have the chance to escape immediately. In just a moment, they would be surrounded and killed by others.

Jian Wushuang had only been familiar with the battlefield for a few short moments, but he had already seen six experts die.

Among the six experts, three were Peak Saints, and the other three were Invincible Saints. They were both very weak.

It was indeed difficult to kill an Invincible Saint in a one-on-one battle. However, if he was surrounded by dozens of experts in a chaotic battle, and he could not escape, he would die, the probability of dying was certainly not small.

For example, the three Invincible Saints who had died now had obtained the Blood Wave Token because of their own strength. However, they were killed in the next moment.

“In such a crazy battle, even if he got the Blood Wave Token, he would not be able to leave with it immediately unless he was really strong enough to face dozens of experts. However, such an expert can only be on the True Saint List, and only those who are ranked high on the True Saint List can do so,” Jian Wushuang muttered.

He looked at the battlefield in front of him. There were already experts on the True Saint List, but the ranking of this expert was not high.

As time passed, more and more experts rushed over. The fight between hundreds of experts had now turned into a frenzied fight.

“Eh?” Jian Wushuang’s expression suddenly changed. He looked at the void in front of him and said, “Several people from the Temporal Temple have also arrived.”

In the void not far away, the five members of the Temporal Temple, led by Di Hao, had also arrived at the battlefield. They soon joined in the frenzied battle.

Not long after the Temporal Temple, the experts of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance also arrived.

The Heaven-cleaving Alliance had also sent ten experts into the Blood Wave Realm this time. Among them, the strongest was Saint Devil Son!

“That’s Saint Devil Son, ranked second on the True Saint List?”

Jian Wushuang stood at the edge of the battlefield and looked at a tall young man with purple skin in the middle of the battlefield. The young man’s eyes were long and narrow, like gems, he held a black divine mace in his hand. The power contained in the black divine mace was enough to make an Invincible Saint tremble.

The son of Saint Devil not only possessed several powerful secret techniques but also had a high comprehension of principles. Most importantly, he was a special life-form!

Compared to ordinary experts, special life-forms had a huge innate advantage. Just in terms of divine power, they were completely incomparable to ordinary Invincible Saints. He did not need to use any powerful techniques at all, even a casual strike of the mace was not something an ordinary Invincible Saint could withstand.

On the True Saint List, the Light King, who had merged two principles, was known as the strongest. However, in many people’s hearts, the only person who had a chance of fighting against the Light King was the Saint Devil Son.

Now that Jian Wushuang had seen the Saint Devil Son with his own eyes, he was indeed amazed by the latter’s strength.

As Saint Devil Son entered the battlefield, he soon stood together with an expert on the True Saint List.

The expert on the True Saint List was Shijun, who was currently ranked 16th. He was an expert with terrifying body-protection ability. In terms of body-protection ability alone, he could definitely be ranked in the top three on the true Saint List, in addition, he also had relatively strong offensive skills, which was why he was ranked 16th on the True Saint List.

However, Shijun’s luck was obviously not good.

He had already grabbed a Blood Wave Token during the chaotic battle and was about to leave. No one could stop him. He thought that he had the Blood Wave Token in his hand, he did not expect that when he left, he would run into the Heaven-cleaving Alliance and the others who were rushing to the battlefield. He was immediately attacked by the Saint Devil Son.

Under the constant attacks of Saint Devil Son’s terrifying power, even Shijun felt immense pressure.

“The Heaven-cleaving Alliance and the Temporal Temple have arrived. As for the Heavenly Ancestor Daoist sect, they have already obtained a Blood Wave Token, so it’s likely that they won’t fight for it this time.. The people from the three Saint Realms should be arriving soon,” Jian Wushuang muttered, the next moment, his eyes lit up.