Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3297: Sixth Stage Void Realm

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

___________ T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Void God could enter the void and walk in the void space of the cosmos.

Because of this, only Principles Masters could enter the cosmos battlefield to explore. Because those below law masters could not walk in the cosmos battlefield, they naturally could not survive.

And Void Gods were divided into six stages of the Void!

This six stage of the Void was mainly decided by the willpower they grasped.

Just like ordinary Void first stage experts, they could only grasp a portion of willpower. Like Underworld Emperor, Vast Emperor, Silver Wolf, and the other Principles Masters who had just broken through, they could only comprehend a single principle and grasp a portion of willpower, hence, they were all at the level of the first level of the Void Realm.

The second level of the Void Realm would be able to grasp two portions of the power of the will. They could comprehend two portions of the power of the will at the same time. They could also open up their own Mystic Realms and obtain a second portion of the power of the will.

For the third level of the Void Realm, under normal circumstances, they would be able to comprehend two portions of the power of the will at the same time and open up their own Mystic Realms.

Among the four realms of the void, there were those who comprehended three principles at the same time and opened their own Mystic Realms. There were also those who comprehended only two principles and opened their own Mystic Realms. However, the two principles that he comprehended had already perfectly fused together, this was because when two principles fused together, one could obtain a portion of the power of the will. This level could already be considered as the peak level among the Principles Masters (Void Gods).

The void five realms, under the premise of comprehending three principles at the same time and opening up their own Mystic Realms, two of the principles would be perfectly fused together. This level was already considered a supreme existence, even in the entire Divine Beginning Realm, there were pitifully few of them. For example, the Sky Serene Master, Star River Master, and eight treasures master that appeared now belonged to this level. There were also the three Palace Masters of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance, two of them also belonged to this level.

After reaching this level, they were already a magnate in the Divine Beginning Realm. They were super experts, and no force or sect dared to look down on them. Even the three great Freedom Alliance and the three great Saint Realms...when facing experts at this level, they would also treat them with caution and not dare to provoke them.

As for the six realms of the void, they were even more amazing. They either comprehended four principles at the same time and fused two of them together, or they comprehended three principles at the same time and perfectly fused all three of them together. No matter which one it was...as long as one had reached this level and grasped a total of six wills, then his battle prowess could be said to be earth-shattering. In the Divine Beginning Realm, he could absolutely walk unhindered.

However, the six states of the void were not something that could be easily achieved. In the entire Divine Beginning Realm, the number of Principles Masters who had reached the six states of the void could be counted on one’s fingers. On the surface, the experts of the six states of the void that the outside world already knew of...Palace Master Bai Xing of the Temporal Temple was one of them. The strongest palace master among the three Palace Masters of the Heaven-cleaving Alliance had also reached the six states of the void.

Of course, the six states of the void only referred to the levels of Principles Masters. However, the true combat strength of a Principles Masters did not only depend on the power of his will, but it also included many other aspects, for example, the absolute art he created, his comprehension of the Dao, his special use of the principles, and so on. If he was strong enough in these aspects, even if he only grasped one part of the power of his will...he could still be compared to a Principles Master who grasped two parts of the power of his will.

Just like Master Qingyan who was currently using the space-time imprisonment. He only grasped four parts of the power of his will and was at the fourth level of the Void Realm. However, his use of the space-time principles was very impressive, therefore, even if he met an ordinary expert of the fifth void realm, he would still be able to tangle with him. Now that he had obtained the Golden sky-painting banner, a space-time supreme treasure, even if he were to face an expert of the fifth void realm, he would probably be able to fight him.

Moreover, the Master Star River, who was at the peak of the fifth void realm, was able to retreat easily from an expert of the sixth void realm. This proved that they were very powerful, but now, just to kill Jian Wushuang, the Immortal Saint, the three Saint Realms had sent three experts at the peak of the five void realms, and more than 40 Principles Masters at the bottom of the two void realms, it was indeed a big deal!

“To kill me, the three Saint Realms sent so many experts. You really think highly of me.” Jian Wushuang smiled coldly.

“It’s been a long time since the three Saint Realms joined hands, let alone sending so many Principles Masters at once. So, Heavenly Sword Marquis, you can die in peace.” The voice of the Sky Nether Master was warm, it made people feel extremely gentle.

“Little guy, you’re just an Immortal Saint, so you’re not worth the trouble of the three Saint Realms. Unfortunately, you’re too special, and your secret is too big, so the three Saint Realms don’t dare to be careless. So today, I have to bully the weak.” Master Star River in a black robe looked at Jian wushuang, he looked at Jian Wushuang.

“Little guy, I advise you to stop struggling and let us kill you. This way, we can save trouble and you can suffer less.” The Eight Treasures Master in a golden robe was a delicate girl, her eyes were shining with a faint golden light and she looked extremely charming.

“Humph, you want to kill Heavenly Sword Marquis? Have you asked my Temporal Temple?” Master Hunyuan suddenly snorted.

As soon as he finished speaking, a large amount of tyrannical auras rose in the void beside him.

Each of these auras was extremely tyrannical. Any one of them was far superior to the Immortal Saint.

Clearly, the auras that erupted at this moment all belonged to the Principles Masters.

“Three Saint Realms, how dare you!”

A low shout echoed in the void like thunder, resounding throughout the entire Saha Island.

At the same time, this low shout contained an extremely terrifying pressure. This pressure was much stronger than anyone present, even Sky Nether Master, Star River Master, and Eight Treasures Master!

After that, a large group of figures rushed over.

“This pressure, it seems that the person from the temporal temple has come personally!” Sky Nether Master looked at the group of people charging over, his expression still indifferent.

“Bai Xing, huh? I’ve dealt with them many years ago. Looks like we’ll have the chance to fight again today.” Star River Master smiled slightly.

“It’s not just Bai Xing who has come personally. Even Ba Cang has come. Even though this Ba Cang hasn’t broken through to the fifth level of the void space for a long time, his battle prowess is indeed extraordinary. Even if I were to face him, I don’t have absolute confidence in winning.” Eight Treasures Master also spoke.

While the three of them were chatting and laughing, the many Principles Masters of the Temporal Temple, under the guidance of Palace Master Bai Xing and Ba Cang, arrived at the Saha Island!

....