Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 333: Start of a Huge Battle!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Everyone fixed their sights on the palm which Su Rou smacked with.

Although the palm was ostensibly very slow, it gave a bizarre feeling that it was totally inevasible.

Ye Chen’s complexion changed involuntarily the moment he saw the palm smacking directly towards where he was standing.

He had a false impression that the oncoming palm could turn him into dust.

“Hmph!”

The Valley Master lowered his vision and waved his hand forcibly before going on Su Rou.

Thump!

A loud noise was heard as the Valley Master’s complexion changed dramatically. Under the horrified eyes of the surrounding experts, a huge gulp of blood spurted out of his mouth, while his body fell backward wretchedly at the same time.

The Valley Master was a formidable expert of the Saint Realm who had also mastered the top ranks of the Second-stage Domain. Yet at present, almost as soon as he began fighting against Su Rou, he was already severely wounded and sent retreating!

“How is this possible?”

Everyone on the Drill Ground was speechless.

Even Jian Wushuang and Yang Zaixuan, who had some understanding of Su Rou, were somewhat bewildered.

They knew that Su Rou had a very special constitution and several unique abilities. However, by their impressions, her abilities were mainly for defense whereas she was not particularly skilled offensively.

But, what were they seeing right now?

A palm that immediately inflicted great damage on the Valley Master?

What strength was this?

Ye Chen was also scared stiff.

“How is this possible?”

“How can it be like this?”

“Although an Extreme Yin Body is formidable, it shouldn’t be sufficient for her strength to increase by that much!”

“And, why have her eyes changed like this?”

“It’s different. It’s obviously different from the Extreme Yin Body recorded in the ancient texts. An Extreme Yin Body isn’t this horrifying and brutal!”

“Could it be that... what she has isn’t an Extreme Yin Body?” Ye Chen’s eyes abruptly widened.

Because many of the unique characteristics of Su Rou’s constitution were similar to that of an Extreme Yin Body, he had all along thought that she possessed one. However, the skills which Su Rou was currently displaying indicated otherwise.

“Wrong, I got it wrong from the start!”

“This bitch simply doesn’t have an Extreme Yin Body!”

Ye Chen’s facial expression distorted maniacally as he growled in his heart.

All this time, Su Rou’s blood-red pupils remained fixated upon him without shifting even a fraction of an inch. Shortly after, her palm smacked towards Ye Chen once more. This time, his father, the Valley Master, was clearly too late to save him.

“Save me, Great Elder. Be fast.” Ye Chen barked in a shrilling voice as he desperately fled backward. A figure promptly came rushing toward him from the direction he was moving in. It reached the Drill Ground in the blink of an eye and shielded in front of Ye Chen.

When Su Rou’s palm came smacking toward him once more, the figure shook its sleeves and exerted a terrifying and vigorous power which easily nullified the palm’s force.

“Great Elder.” Ye Chen revealed an expression of pleasant surprise the moment he saw the figure shielding in front of him.

“Great Elder.” The crowd of experts from Ice Nether Valley also hurriedly looked toward the figure. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The newcomer was indeed none other than the Great Elder of Ice Nether Valley, Feng Daoyang. He was also the most powerful among the ten experts of the Saint Realm in Ice Nether Valley.

In Ice Nether Valley, Feng Daoyang was a being essentially equivalent to a Sky-Supporting Pillar. He had entered the Pinnacle realm many years back and was an expert of the same level as Wine Master.

“How did a proper and grand marriage end up like this?” With an icy countenance, he shot a glance at Ye Chen behind him.

The latter lowered his head involuntarily.

Feng Daoyang humphed grimly and did not rebuke any further. He cast his gaze directly straight ahead at Su Rou, and when he saw the pair of blood-red pupils, his complexion also changed slightly.

Blood-red pupils... even he had never heard of such a thing.

“This man has to die!”

“I shall kill anyone who obstructs me!”

Su Rou spoke in a chilly voice as she stared at Ye Chen.

“Hmph, you talk really big.” Feng Daoyang smiled indifferently. “Little girl, how old are you to spout nonsense in front of an old fella like me? When I was roaming Nanyang Continent, your grandmother was probably not born yet.”

“Then try me.” Su Rou retorted unconcerned.

At present, her killing intent was sky-high.

There was only one thought remaining in her mind, and that was to kill Ye Chen with her own hands!

Furthermore, her constitution was completely awakened by now.

This was a very special and frightening constitution.

The killing potential of those blood-red pupils was boundless.

It was plain that she had only cultivated the Spiritual Power of Yin Void Realm, but the battle strength she was exerting at present was way superior to that of the experts of the Saint Realm.

Boom!

Her figure abruptly moved.

At the same time, the dark aura which seemed to be from the boundless Underworld started up and began to take on Feng Daoyang.

Jian Wushuang stood grim-faced in the middle of the Drill Ground.

Although the battle strength exerted by Su Rou was indeed terrifying during this short period?of time, he knew full well that this type of abrupt strength was absolutely not easy to control.

“Let’s not waste any more time. We shall act now.” Jian Wushuang muttered as his eyes turned hawkish.

The group of people around him nodded in agreement.

In an instant...

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish!

Eight thick and brutal auras burst forth vigorously and charged directly toward the experts of Ice Nether Valley.

“Bring them down!”

The Valley Master shrilled. There was a trace of blood at the corner of his mouth, while there was a hint of insanity on his face.

The experts of Ice Nether Valley, including those who were of the Saint Realm, lost no time in lunging toward Jian Wushuang and co.

A fierce battle broke out in the blink of an eye.

The various sects, as well as many solitary experts, stood on the fringes of the vast Drill Ground as they witnessed the battle in full view. Everyone was in an expectant and colorful mood.

They had all come to Ice Nether Valley to witness a grand marriage, and never imagined that such a drastic twist would occur.

Having had his true colors publicly exposed by Jian Wushuang, Master Saint Ye Chen was revealed to be a sanctimonious little man.

Everyone then witnessed the magisterial entrance of the six experts of the Saint Realm.

Shortly after, Su Rou went berserk and exerted a monstrous battle strength.

And right now, a huge battle was fully underway.

These successive scenes were too much for the crowd to take in.

Many of the experts were in profound shock and wonderment.

Whatever state they were in, nobody personally intervened.

After all, regardless of the eventual result, this was Ice Nether Valley’s affair and had nothing to do with any other expert or party.

In the area where the experts of the old sects were gathered, the three people of Holy Emperor Palace sat on chairs as they watched the battle. However, from start to finish, the muscular and stocky elder, who was the leader among the trio, kept his eyes on one person only.

This person was none other than Jian Wushuang!

“That guy...” The muscular and stocky elder squinted his eyes slightly.

“According to the intelligence gathered by Holy Emperor Palace, Su Rou has three brothers. The eldest is the young master of the Alchemy School, Wang Yuan. The second eldest is called Yang Zaixuan. The third is Jian Wushuang!”

“Then why is Su Rou calling this person Third Brother?”

“Isn’t Jian Wushuang obviously dead already?”