Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 336: Attack of Holy Emperor Palace

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Holy Emperor Palace!”

“It’s the people from Holy Emperor Palace!”

“Is Holy Emperor Palace really thinking of intervening in this matter?”

A stir was started on the Drill Ground, clearly meaning that the seven people had been identified.

The seven experts of the Saint Realm were all from the Holy Emperor Palace. The leader among them was undoubtedly the muscular and stocky elder whose name was Mo Yun.

“Why does the magnificent Holy Emperor Palace care about this idle business?” Lady Black remained placid as she raised her head and asked the septet.

“We aren’t interested in the matter between you and Ice Nether Valley. We are here for only one purpose, and that would be him.” Mo Yun turned and looked sternly at Jian Wushuang.

“Jian Wushuang!” Mo Yun’s voice became extremely icy.

A commotion started on the Drill Ground the very moment these words were uttered.

“Jian Wushang?”

“Could it really be that Jian Wushuang whom Holy Emperor Palace once offered an astronomical bounty for?”

“Is he Jian Wushuang?”

Countless looks came Jian Wushuang’s way.

Jian Wushuang smiled faintly in response to the great attention he was receiving. He took off the bamboo that he had worn all along and raised his head to reveal an extremely youthful-looking face which had appeared on Holy Emperor’s bounty list before. Anyone who had seen that bounty list was familiar with this face.

“It’s indeed him!”

Jian Wushuang’s identity was immediately ascertained.

“Jian Wushuang, how are you not dead?” Mo Yun’s face sank as he bellowed.

Holy Emperor Palace had all along believed that Jian Wushuang was dead.

Mo Yun did not suspect that the person was Jian Wushuang at first, and became only mildly suspicious even when the latter appeared and Su Rou shouted “Third Brother Jian Wushuang”.

It was only when Jian Wushuang displayed his swordsmanship and used World Origin and Slaughter Origin that Mo Yun confirmed his doubts. However, an uncontrollable fear grew in his heart because Holy Emperor Palace had absolutely seen Jian Wushuang’s corpse.

What he did not know was that the corpse they saw was only Jian Wushuang’s Slaughter Doppelganger.

“Sorry, I have nothing else but fortunate survivability.” Jian Wushuang laughed grimly.

He knew his identity had been exposed when he saw Mo Yun and the other six people appearing in front of him, but he was too lazy to cover it up any longer.

He was Jian Wushuang.

So what?

“Hmph, fortunate survivability? Perhaps not.” Mo Yun then deepened his voice. “You might not have died the previous time, but it will be all the same after I kill you this time.”

As soon as Mo Yun’s words ended, killing intent surged out of the bodies of the seven experts of the Saint Realm from Holy Emperor Palace.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Three figures appeared beside Jian Wushuang simultaneously. They were the three people from Alchemy School, including Wang Yuan.

“Third Brother.” Wang Yuan looked over at Jian Wushuang.

Behind Wang Yuan were two experts of the Saint Realm. One of them said, “Young Master, before we started off, Sect Master repeatedly warned you not to get involved in this matter. Don’t be rash.”

Wang Yuan’s face sank but he did not reply to this. Instead, he raised his head and looked toward the people from Holy Emperor Palace.

“Are you from Alchemy School?” Mo Yun glanced at Wang Yuan and the other two. “Have you forgotten about the agreement with Holy Emperor Palace? Are you intending to get involved in this matter?”

“Alchemy School won’t butt in on this matter,” An expert of the Saint Realm standing behind Wang Yuan replied.

“That’s good.” Mo Yun smiled faintly and directed his attention toward Wine Master, Lady Black, and their four companions.

“Wine Master, Lady Black, the Wind and Rain Immortals, Old Weirdo Yunyang of the Tang Dynasty, and the last one should be Chi Mei, number 13 on Tang Dynasty’s Bloodmoon List, right? The six of you are solitary experts who have always remained free-spirited and probably don’t have that deep a relationship with Jian Wushuang. Your reason for being here is likely because Jian Wushuang has promised you some benefits.”

“However, think clearly whether these benefits will more than make up for offending Holy Emperor Palace and me!

Mo Yun’s voice was nonchalant and conveyed absolute self-confidence.

Holy Emperor Palace was the indisputable overlord of Nanyang Continent. A sect like this was not what ordinary experts could afford to provoke.

Among the six people standing in Holy Emperor Palace’s way, only Wine Master had some weight to pull.

Indeed, after hearing Mo Yun’s words, the faces of the experts standing beside Jian Wushuang turned color. The Wind Immortal spoke first in a solemn voice. “Swordsman, although my wife and I agreed to come with you to Ice Nether Valley, it was only to deal with Ice Nether Valley, and didn’t include Holy Emperor Palace!”

“So, we’re sorry!”

After speaking, the Wind and Rain Immortals glanced at each other and, with a jolt of their body, sped toward the Void by the side.

Jian Wushuang cupped his hands at the Immortals as they left, for he could understand their rationale.

Though Ice Nether Valley was one of the three valleys, it was vastly inferior to Holy Emperor Palace.

The Immortals were not afraid of offending Ice Nether Valley, but offending Holy Emperor Palace was different.

“Swordsman...” Old Weirdo Yunyang and Chi Mei both had strange looks on their faces.

Having understood what the two of them meant, Jian Wushuang instantly waved his hand and passed them two Interspatial Rings.

“I’m deeply grateful for the big help the two of you have already offered me. These Interspatial Rings are what you need,” Jian Wushuang said.

After receiving the Interspatial Rings, the two of them took a solemn glance at Jian Wushuang before moving toward the side as well.

They had already done what they promised to help Jian Wushuang with. It was never within their purview to deal with experts from Holy Emperor Palace.

After the successive departures, the only two people who remained beside Jian Wushuang were Wine Master and Lady Black.

“Wine Master.” Lady Black looked toward her good friend whom she would definitely work with if he wanted to partake in this matter.

Wine Master stood completely still with an indifferent expression on his face. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Wine Master, do you remember Second Holy Master of Holy Emperor Palace?” Mo Yun looked at Wine Master and smiled faintly.

Jian Wushuang’s face turned color at once.

“When I was exchanging information with the Palace just now, Second Holy Master told me that you owe him an obligation, is that so?” Mo Yun laughed.

“That’s true.” Wine Master’s expression was somewhat unsightly.

Though he had an odd personality, he was a person who valued kindness and honor.

He had only ever owned two favors in his lifetime. The first was to Alchemy School, but it was not considered a genuine favor because of his deep friendship with the Sect Master.

The other favor was to the Second Holy Master of Holy Emperor Palace.

It came about more than two hundred years ago when his wife was still alive albeit had entered her final years. In order for his wife to live for some time longer, he begged for and obtained a treasure from the Second Holy Master.

And thus he owed the latter a favor.

However, the Second Holy Master had never asked him to repay the favor.

“Second Holy Master has told me that he doesn’t need you to do anything for him as repayment for the favor. His only request is for you to not take part in the matter between Holy Emperor Palace and Jian Wushuang. That’s all.”

Mo Yun laughed callously.