Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3353: Negotiations

Translator: EndlessFantasy TranslationEditor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Heavenly Sword Marquis, the Amethyst Fog Sea has been under the control of our Xiaoyao Mansion all these years. Since this secret realm was born in the Amethyst Fog Sea, it should belong to our Xiaoyao Mansion. The one who should leave and give up this secret realm should be your Temporal

Temple,” said Marquis Xiaoyao.

“What a joke. The territory controlled by your Xiaoyao Mansion is so vast. If you say so, all the cultivators in this vast territory belong to your Xiaoyao Mansion, and all the opportunities are yours.”

“But will the cultivators in this territory agree to it?” Jian Wushuang sneered.

“Marquis Xiaoyao, it takes incredible luck to find a secret realm of heaven and earth hidden in the Amethyst Fog Sea. Your Xiaoyao Mansion has occupied the Amethyst Fog Sea for so many years, but you still couldn’t find it. This means that your Xiaoyao Mansion is not fated with the secret realm of

heaven and earth. So, how can you ask for it?”

“You are right.” Marquis Xiaoyao nodded slightly. “Our Xiaoyao Mansion has occupied this Amethyst Fog Sea for so many years, but we haven’t been able to find this secret realm. Indeed, we shouldn’t force it. However, even if your Temporal Temple finds this secret realm first, you might not be able to say

that this secret realm belongs to your Temporal Temple. Don’t forget, this secret realm was left behind by the former Amethyst Demon Sect!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“The Amethyst Demon Sect was a peak overlord of the second sky a long time ago. Back then, the one who destroyed the Amethyst Demon Sect and turned the Amethyst Fog Sea into ruins was one of the three great Saint Realms, the Flame Saint Realm. After the Flame Saint Realm destroyed the Amethyst

Demon Sect, shouldn’t the things left behind by the Amethyst Demon Sect belong to the Flame Saint Lord?” Marquis Xiaoyao laughed coldly.

“How about I send a message to the Flame Saint Realm and ask them to send experts over to discuss who will get the secret area?”

Jian Wushuang’s expression changed.

Only his own camp and the Xiaoyao Mansion were involved in the fight for the secret area. The Temporal Temple had the absolute advantage against the Xiaoyao Mansion, but if the Flame Saint Realm got involved…it would be completely different.

Just as Marquis Xiaoyao had said, it was the Flame Saint Realm that destroyed the Amethyst Demon Sect. In the end, the ownership of the mystic realm of heaven and earth belonged to the Saint Realm of flame.

Marquis Xiaoyao also saw the change in Jian Wushuang’s expression, he immediately smiled and said, “Heavenly Sword Marquis, in my opinion, let’s sit down and have a good talk. The Xiaoyao Mansion doesn’t expect to get all the treasures in the mystic realm of heaven and earth, but it’s impossible for

the Temporal Temple to monopolize them!”

“You’re right. In that case, tell me what you want.” Jian Wushuang looked at Marquis Xiaoyao calmly.

“It’s simple. No one has entered the secret realm. No one knows what’s in it, but it might be the treasure left by the Amethyst Demon Sect. No matter what’s in it, our Xiaoyao Mansion and your Temporal Temple will share half of it!” Marquis Xiaoyao said.

“50-502”

“Marquis Xiaoyao, what do you think? If your Xiaoyao Mansion was in the Flame Saint Realm, we would be in the same situation since the Amethyst Demon Sect was destroyed. But your Xiaoyao Mansion…how can you say that we are 50-50?” Jian Wushuang mocked him.

Marquis Xiaoyao’s eyes darkened.

Of course, he knew that it was almost impossible for Xiaoyao Mansion to share half of the treasures equally with the Temporal Temple. He was just hoping to get lucky, he could ask for a sky-high price at the beginning.

“How do you want to distribute the treasures in the secret realm?” Marquis Xiaoyao looked at him.

“It’s simple. The Temporal Temple will take 90% of the treasures in the secret realm, and your Xiaoyao Mansion will take 10%!” Jian Wushuang said.

“10%? Impossible, that’s too little. My Xiaoyao Mansion will take at least 30%!” Marquis Xiaoyao shouted.

“30%?” Jian Wushuang glanced at Marquis Xiaoyao. He could see that 30% was close to Marquis Xiaoyao’s bottom line, but it was not the bottom line.

“30% is too much. I’ll give you 20% at most,” Jian Wushuang said coldly.

Marquis Xiaoyao’s expression was uncertain, obviously hesitant.

Jian Wushuang spoke again, “Marquis Xiaoyao, 20% of the opportunity treasures is already a lot. If you don’t want to, then there’s no way to negotiate. We can only have a falling out!”

“But before we fall out, you have to think carefully about how much power your Xiaoyao Mansion has. You don’t have any confidence against my Temporal Temple alone. If you really do as you say and let the Flame Saint Realm come and interfere, then what will happen to your Xiaoyao Mansion?

“Tm afraid you won’t be able to get anything out of it.”

Jian Wushuang’s words made Marquis Xiaoyao frown. He was obviously talking about his weakness.

He knew very well that Jian Wushuang was willing to talk to him and give him 20% of the opportunity treasures on behalf of the Temporal Temple. It was not because he was worried about the Xiaoyao Mansion, but because he was worried about the Flame Saint Realm, he did not want the Flame Saint

Realm to be involved in it.

However, the Xiaoyao Mansion was nothing in front of the Temporal Temple, not to mention the Flame Saint Realm.

If he were to lose all decorum with Jian Wushuang and let the Flame Saint Realm get involved, then the mystic realm of heaven and earth would really have nothing to do with the Xiaoyao Mansion.

Jian Wushuang could see that Marquis Xiaoyao’s heart was wavering, so he immediately spoke again, “Marquis Xiaoyao, I know that you’re very famous in the Divine Beginning Realm and that you’ve grown up to be quite a legend. I admire you very much. I can make the decision on my own to give you

30% of the opportunities and treasures.”

“Huh?” Xiaoyao Mansion immediately looked at Jian Wushuang and asked, “What do you mean?”

“I’s simple. I’ve been cultivating in the Saha Island for more than 400 years and my strength has improved greatly. Now I’m in need of experts to practice with. I’m looking forward to your strength, so I want to fight you head-on.” Jian Wushuang smiled.

“If you can defeat me in this battle, I’ll get 30% of the opportunities and treasures for your Xiaoyao Mansion. But if you lose, your Xiaoyao Mansion will only get 20%. Moreover, after opening the secret realm of heaven and earth, the experts of your Xiaoyao Mansion will have to obey the arrangement of

my Temporal Temple. How about it?”

“Are you serious? Can you really get 30% of the opportunities and treasures for my Xiaoyao Mansion?” Marquis Xiaoyao stared at Jian Wushuang with bright eyes.

“Of course, I won’t go back on my words. As for whether I can do it or not, you don’t have to doubt it. Don’t forget that I’m a Saint Realm Inspector of the Temporal Temple. My words carry some weight in the temple,” Jian Wushuang said in a deep voice.