Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3372: Acquaintances

Translator: EndlessFantasy TranslationEditor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The first of the two was Han Xin, whom he had saved in the Blood Wave Realm.

Han Xin was a genius disciple of the Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley. When she was in the Blood Wave Realm, she had obtained another Blood Wave Token and had broken through to become a Principles Master. However, because she had just broken through not long ago…she had not had the time to

open her own secret realm, so she was only a Principles Master in the Void Realm. She only had one part of the power of the will.

As for the other person, it was a long time ago.

It was the first time Jian Wushuang met someone from the Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley in the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion in the Golden Crow Nine Realms. In order to prevent them from taking his wife, Leng Rushuang, away, they fought, when he used the Heaven-cleaving skill to sweep the

surroundings, it was the Principles Master who stopped him.

At that time, the Principles Master only sent his consciousness doppelganger, but even so, he could still easily crush Jian Wushuang.

It was because of the appearance of the Principles Master’s consciousness doppelganger that the Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley was able to take his wife away in front of Jian Wushuang.

Now, Jian Wushuang did not expect that it would be such a coincidence. The expert sent by the Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley was the Principles Master who had sent the consciousness clone.

“This Principles Master should be the Zhu Xin Master of the Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley.” Jian Wushuang had long known the identity of this Principles Master.

Among the Principles Masters of the Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley, Zhu Xin Master could only be considered as an ordinary Principles Master. Her strength had been stuck at the level of the two void realms, and her methods were not too excessive.

“Han Xin, together with Zhu Xin Master, they are indeed two big fish. As long as we can suppress them, Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley will not be nervous. As for their Valley Master, no matter how unwilling she is, she has to come and see us.” Jian Wushuang sneered, “Let’s go. If we want to suppress

these two Principles Masters, we have to do it ourselves.”

Jian Wushuang and Demon Master Chen Huo immediately dashed toward the void in front of them.

In the void, many experts of the Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley, led by Han Xin and Zhu Xin, had surrounded the Invincible Saint puppet fighter in the center, but they were not in a hurry to attack.

“Is this the person who is unscrupulously suppressing the disciples of our Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley?” Zhu Xin stared at the puppet fighter with a cold gaze.

“Martial uncle, something isn’t right. Although this person’s aura is quite extraordinary, there isn’t the slightest bit of life aura on his body,” Han Xin said.

“Iknow. If nothing unexpected happens, the person in front of us should only be a puppet fighter. He is only obeying the orders of his master. As for the person who is truly against our Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley, there is someone else, and he must be nearby,” Zhu Xin Master said coldly.

She had just finished speaking…

“Haha, Zhu Xin Master, you’re really smart.”

A hearty laughter suddenly rang out. Jian Wushuang and Demon Master Chen Huo had already appeared in the void beside them.

‘When they saw who it was, Zhu Xin Master and Han Xin’s expressions instantly changed.

“Heavenly Sword Marquis?” Han Xin looked at Jian Wushuang in astonishment. “It’s you?”

“I’s him.” Zhu Xin Master’s body shook violently.

She knew about Heavenly Sword Marquis, who was famous throughout the Divine Beginning Realm more than 400 years ago. She had recognized him as the little guy who had stopped her from leaving with Leng Rushuang in the Dragon-phoenix Pavilion.

At that time, Jian Wushuang was indeed just a little guy. Although he had shown extraordinary abilities and abilities, she had not taken him seriously. But now…that little guy had grown to a level that even she was extremely afraid of.

“Heavenly Sword Marquis, is this puppet fighter yours?” Han Xin stared at Jian Wushuang.

“Sort of.” Jian Wushuang nodded with a smile.

“Did you order this puppet fighter to suppress the disciples of our Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley in the surrounding territory?” Han Xin asked again.

“Yes,” Jian Wushuang admitted directly.

“Why? Why did you do that?” Han Xin frowned.

Because Jian Wushuang had saved her life in the Blood Wave Realm, Han Xin subconsciously thought that Jian Wushuang and the great Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley should be friends but not enemies. Therefore, she did not understand why Jian Wushuang did this now.

“My purpose is actually very simple. Although you don’t know it, the top experts of your Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley, such as Valley Master Longyu, must know it. and the Zhu Xin Master, who is beside you, might also be able to guess it,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

“Heavenly Sword Marquis, you deliberately let your puppet fighter suppress the disciples of our valley. Your purpose should be to lure Han Xin and me out, right?

“We are your real targets,” Master Zhu Xin said in a cold voice.

“You’re half right. I did use this puppet fighter to lure the Principles Masters of our valley out. As for my real purpose, it’s not you. But as long as I suppress you two, my purpose will be achieved,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

“You want to suppress the two of us? With just you?” Zhu Xin Master’s eyes turned cold, her face was also filled with anger. She waved her sleeve, and a large amount of divine power swept out, turning into a huge divine power storm that swept toward Jian Wushuang and Demon Master Chen Huo.

However, after Zhu Xin Master had done all this, she did not wait for the divine power storm to reach Jian Wushuang and Demon Master Chen Huo. She turned her head and shouted at the same time, “Han Xin, run!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

She did not hesitate at all.

‘The moment she saw Jian Wushuang, she knew his real purpose. At the same time, she also knew his strength and means. Jian Wushuang alone was not enough for her and Han Xin to fight him, not to mention that Jian Wushuang had an unfathomable Principles Master by his side.

Therefore, Zhu Xin did not intend to fight Jian Wushuang in the first place. She was just pretending to be angry to pave the way for her and Han Xin to escape.

Now, as the divine storm swept toward Jian Wushuang and Demon Master Chen Huo, she and Han Xin immediately fled backward. As for the Peak Saints, they also fled in all directions.

“You want to escape? It’s not that easy.” Jian Wushuang smiled coldly. A large amount of space-time principle power rose from his body. Then, he reached out his right hand and made a strange cut in the void in front of him.

“One finger painting the sky, space-time prison!”

Buzz! With that simple cut, the space-time principles power condensed in Jian Wushuang’s body instantly surged up and swept out in all directions like waves. In just a moment, it covered the entire secret realm of heaven and earth.