Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3379: Dilemma

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Chi!

‘The terrifying piercing force of the blood-red light shattered the defense on the purple-clothed girl’s body almost instantly. Then, it continued to attack the purple-clothed girl’s protective armor. Although the armor did not shatter...however, the piercing force crazily attacked her divine body. The

purple-clothed girl’s body trembled crazily, and 80% of her divine body collapsed on the spot!

Although it did not completely collapse, as a Principles Master, 80% of her divine body collapsed. It took her more than 30% of her divine power to recover in an instant.

After the collision with Jian Wushuang, the purple-robed girl was so frightened that she immediately retreated to the side.

As for Jian Wushuang...after he successfully fought with the purple-robed girl, he disappeared again. The Principles Masters nearby could not sense his position and could not surround him.

“He’s with you!”

Longyu spoke again and immediately informed the other Principles Masters of Jian Wushuang’s position.

However...as soon as she spoke, Jian Wushuang immediately changed his position. Although she could sense it at the first moment after she sensed it, she spoke it out from her mouth and finally made the other Principles Masters realize it, there was obviously a time difference between them.

Although the time difference was very small, it was enough for Jian Wushuang.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

In the void, Jian Wushuang relied on the shadowless escape art to conceal himself time and time again. Then, he attacked again and again at lightning speed. Although Longyu had wamed him at once, the reaction of the Principles Masters was still half a beat slower.

And this half a beat forced them to face Jian Wushuang’s attack head-on.

Moreover, Jian Wushuang’s speed was too fast when he used the shadowless escape art. Longyu had been trying to catch up with him. As long as she could fight with Jian Wushuang, Jian Wushuang would not be able to conceal himself anymore, the other Principles Masters could also attack, but the

problem was that Longyu could not keep up at all.

She could not keep up with Jian Wushuang, so she could only keep reminding him. However, the reminder only prepared the Principles Masters and gave them some reaction.

In other words, although there were many Principles Masters present in the Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley, they could not surround Jian Wushuang at all, nor could they join hands. They could only passively wait for Jian Wushuang to kill them again and again. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Jian Wushuang had severely injured three Principles Masters’ divine bodies and depleted a lot of their divine power. If this continued, the Principles Masters’ divine power would be depleted more and more.

“Heavenly Sword Marquis, if you have the ability, fight us head-on!” Longyu could not help but shout.

“Humph, what a joke. You have seven Principles Masters ganging up on me, an Immortal Saint, and you want me to fight you head-on?

“Longyu, are the people of Your Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley all so shameless?” Jian Wushuang scolded her coldly.

Being scolded by Jian Wushuang on the spot, Longyu’s face was extremely ugly, but she could not do anything about it.

Indeed, they had already outnumbered them. It was indeed a little shameless of them to ask Jian Wushuang to fight them head-on at this time.

However, if Jian Wushuang continued to rely on the shadowless escape art to fight them, they would be too passive. If this continued, the seven rule masters would be forced to retreat.

At first, Longyu knew that Jian Wushuang was hard to deal with, but she did not expect him to be so hard to deal with. At first, she had called Master Gorsch for insurance, but now, Master Gorsch was not in a good situation, let alone helping them to suppress Jian Wushuang.

Longyu had noticed that in the surrounding void, Demon Master Chenhuo, who was fighting Master Gorsch, had put on a golden-red glove!

The golden-red glove gave off a terrifying destructive aura. It was an extremely powerful true treasure. In terms of level, it was probably a top-tier true treasure!

Previously, when sinking fire devil master fought with the all-out gorse master with his bare hands, he was able to push back gorse master and put him in an extremely difficult situation, now Demon Master Chenhuo had taken out a top-tier true treasure weapon... Once the power of this top-tier true

treasure was added to it, it was enough to let Demon Master Chenhuo’s power reach a whole new level!

Sure enough, Demon Master Chenhuo, who had put on the golden fist gloves, had only attacked three times in the following fierce battle. She had not used any powerful techniques or trump cards, and she had fought head-on, however, Master Que could no longer withstand it, and their godly body had

obviously suffered a lot of damage.

“Too powerful. This Demon Master Chenhuo’s current strength has definitely reached the peak of the six states of the void. I’m afraid he’s only one step away from reaching the pinnacle of the six states of the void and grasping seven portions of the power of will. Furthermore, his innate talent is

extraordinary and his killing ability is terrifyingly strong, I’m completely not his match. Just Now, my divine power has already been depleted by nearly 30%. If this continues, I’m afraid it won’t be long before my entire body’s divine power is depleted.”

Master Gorsch’s face was extremely ugly. She was trying to find a way to resist the Demon Master’s crazy attack while sending a message to tell Longyu about her current situation. She wanted Longyu to think of a way quickly.

But what could Longyu think of now?

‘They were not in the nest of the Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley. They could not use any powerful restrictions or magic arrays. They could only rely on their own strength. In terms of strength, they were obviously not as strong as Jian Wushuang and the Demon Master.

The question they faced now was whether to continue fighting or retreat!

They could not win ina fight!

If they retreated, they were afraid that Jian Wushuang would kill the suppressed Master Zhu Xin and Han Xin.

In other words, they were now in a dilemma.

Although Longyu was the Valley Master of the Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley, she did not know what to do.

However, just as Longyu and the others were in a dilemma, a figure suddenly appeared around the battlefield.

“Stop!”

The voice was a bit hoarse, but it was quite gentle. It was like the morning sun in winter, warming people’s hearts.

‘The experts of both sides, the Principles Masters of Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley, who were fighting fiercely, were shocked when they heard the voice, and then they became ecstatic.

As for Jian Wushuang and Demon Master Chenhuo, they were also shocked.

The voice was very calm as if it could confuse their minds. They could not help but stop what they were doing.

The fierce battle was held up because of the voice.

The Principles Masters of Supreme Emotion-forgetting Valley, including Master Gorse and Longyu, rushed to the figure who suddenly appeared and bent down.

“Greetings, old lord!”