Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 340: Chopping Up Seven Saints in Succession

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“My killing shadow...” The bald man gazed in disbelief at the blood-red sickle in his hand.

A good many cracks had emerged on his sickle. The next moment, his sickle split into pieces with a clap.

Everyone was dumbstruck, while the bald man was all the more mindblown.

His bloodred sickle was not just any magic weapon, but an authentic superior third-grade magic weapon!

Many experts of the Saint Realm would turn red-eyed and fight maniacally over this grade of weapon. Given that its rigidity was indubitable, how did it crack presently?

Did Jian Wushuang break the blood-red sickle with one cleave of his sword?

“Impossible!” Mo Yun, who was standing in the distance, let out a wicked roar. “A superior third-grade magic weapon is extremely tough. No matter how great one’s strength is, it shouldn’t be possible to shatter a magic weapon like that, unless...”

“His sword!”

Everyone simultaneously fixed their attention upon the Sword of Killing which was in Jian Wushuang’s hand. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“A first-grade magic weapon!”

“Only a legendary first-grade magic weapon can snap a superior third-grade magic weapon!”

“Is the sword in his hand really a first-grade magic weapon?”

The entire Drill Ground began to stir.

A first-grade magic weapon!

Nobody in the long history of Nanyang Continent had ever wielded a first-grade magic weapon, yet one had appeared at present!

Jian Wushuang paid no attention to the astoundment of the crowd. After sundering the blood-red sickle in the bald man’s hand, his power did not diminish at all, and he continued to strike toward the man.

“Number one!”

The Triple-Kill Sword easily sliced through the man’s body and brought with it a smear of scarlet.

The bald man, who had mastered a Domain and attained the Second-stage Domain, was the first to die.

But Jian Wushuang’s figure did not take even a moment’s break. After killing the bald man, he transformed into a bolt of lightning once again and instantly appeared in front of the black-robed woman.

The Triple-Kill Sword in his hand struck out mercilessly once more.

“This is bad.” The black-robed woman turned pale out of fear and hastily brandished her soft sword to resist the attack.

A similar scene happened once again. The Triple-Kill Sword cleaved the soft sword into two before slicing through the woman’s body.

“Number two!”

Jian Wushuang repeated the same phrase structure without a hint of emotion in his voice. His figure then transformed and reappeared in front of a blue-robed middle-aged man.

“Number three!”

The man was dismembered as soon as a sword light flashed.

“Run!”

“Run quickly!”

The four remaining people from Holy Emperor Palace were absolutely terrified. They had already lost all courage to compete with Jian Wushuang.

However, the boundless strength of the Blood River they were trapped within came frenziedly at them and restricted their movement speeds. As a result, they could move only as fast as snails and were unable to escape.

“Number four!”

Jian Wushuang appeared in front of the fourth expert, and subsequently...

“Number five!”

“Number six!”

Of the seven experts of the Saint Realm, six were slaughtered by Jian Wushuang in the blink of an eye. Every one of them was killed in one stroke and was completely unable to retaliate.

Finally, Jian Wushuang appeared beside Mo Yun.

“Your turn,” Jian Wushuang spoke in a chilly voice.

Standing in the middle of the Blood River, Mo Yun stared at Jian Wushuang with an unprecedented horror in his eyes.

It was not just him. The spectating experts had gone completely quiet a long while ago because they had been stupefied.

All it took was an instant!

Within an instant, six of the seven experts from Holy Emperor Palace had been slaughtered!

It was too fast and too easy. These dignified experts, who had each mastered a Domain, seemed like resistless babies in front of Jian Wushuang.

The battle strength which Jian Wushuang had exerted within this instant had caused everyone to shudder in fear.

What they did not know in fact was that Asura Secret Skill was a very powerful method in itself. The First-stage Domain, known as The Road to the Underworld, was essentially the formation of a realm which suppressed the strengths of the people within, particularly opponents.

Conversely, the Second-stage Domain, Bridge of Helplessness, was completely different.

It was used to elevate one’s offensive power.

After the bridge was stretched out, any one of Jian Wushuang’s attacks would be amplified and expanded in power by it.

It also enabled the power of the first-grade magic weapon, the Triple-kill Sword, to be completely unleashed. This was why Jian Wushuang possessed sufficient battle strength to slaughter the experts of the Saint Realm in one stroke each.

Additionally, the experts’ strengths were greatly suppressed within the Blood River, and thus they were unable to make use of their speeds and strengths. They were also forced to scatter because of the onrushing Bridge of Helplessness. This provided Jian Wushuang with an opportunity to slaughter them as easily as chickens. Within an instant, he had slaughtered six of them.

At present, Mo Yun was the only person from Holy Emperor Palace who was still alive.

“Woosh!”

The sword light was as merciless as ever. Mo Yun began to shudder and pulsate as soon as the massive power began to burst forth. He knew that he had absolutely no chance to survive a thrust of the sword. His pupils turned blood-red instantly.

“Ah!”

After making a roar, Mo Yun forcefully smacked himself between his eyebrows, and immediately, a large mouthful of blood poured out of his mouth. He waved a hand and caught hold of a mouthful of blood. He held it firmly in his hand before smacking his palm viciously at Jian Wushuang.

At the same time, his voice began to reverberate.

“This young fella’s talent has no equal throughout history. Holy Emperor Palace would suffer a great catastrophe if he isn’t killed!”

“Kill him!”

“We must kill him!”

There was insanity in Mo Yun’s voice. Shortly after, a thump was heard and his body ruptured.

Before the Triple-Kill Sword touched Mo Yun’s body, the latter ruptured and turned into a heap of blood mist which suffused toward Jian Wushuang.

Because the blood mist was too near and was obviously coming in on him, Jian Wushuang maneuvered his body to one side, but was unable to evade it completely. Some of the blood mist thus smeared on to his arm.

Strangely, the entire Ice Nether Valley quietened down when Mo Yun’s body ruptured and turned into the blood mist.

It was dead silent like never before.

The thousands of experts who were present simultaneously revealed extremely colorful and splendid expressions, while their eyes were firmly fixed upon Jian Wushuang.

Holy Emperor had shown up today as a group to kill Jian Wushuang.

They were made up of seven experts of the Saint Realm.

But, in the end, all of them were killed in an instant.

They were not only experts of the Saint Realm but also masters of a Domain. Every one of them was top-tier on Nanyang Continent. Yet, they were utterly slaughtered by an expert of the Yang Void Realm!

“Was this an act?”

“Am I dreaming?”

Everyone was completely stunned.

With a sword in one hand, Jian Wushuang stood upright in the Void, frowning at his own arm. This arm had just been spattered by the blood mist which Mo Yun turned into, and a patch of blood-red speckles now appeared on it.

These speckles looked extremely weird and contained a peculiar power.

“These speckles...” Jian Wushuang’s complexion changed slightly

“That’s a Blood Soul Mark.” Wine Master’s voice was suddenly heard.