Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3410 Fight Xuan Master

Translator: EndlessFantasy TranslationEditor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Humph!”

Xuan Master snorted when he saw the sword coming toward him. He did not care about it. He did not even take out his weapon, he threw a punch toward the huge sword light.

Bang!

The sound of metal colliding rang out. Jian Wushuang’s strength had reached the Xuan Master’s level, and his divine body was as strong as a magic weapon. His fist was more stiff than an ordinary holy treasure, but it

was still inferior to a true treasure, however, it was still inferior to a true treasure.

Jian Wushuang’s Blood Mountain Sword was his original magic weapon. As his strength increased, it continued to evolve and had reached the level of a true treasure. The sword hit the Xuan Master’s fist, the first burst

of astonishing power almost instantly shattered the bones in Xuan Master’s arm. The enormous power spread through his arm and into his entire divine body.

A hint of surprise flashed in Xuan Master’s eyes. His body suddenly jerked for a moment, and then he immediately retreated.

He retreated to the edge of the hundred-battle arena, and only then did Xuan Master stand steadily.

“This power…has reached the peak of the void fourth realm, and is not far from the void fifth realm. How is this kid possible?” Xuan Master stared at Jian Wushuang in disbelief.

The experts outside the hundred-battle arena also widened their eyes when they saw this scene.

“How could it be?”

“What did I see? Xuan Master was actually repelled by Heavenly Sword Marquis’ sword?”

“Even if Xuan Master didn’t use his full strength just now, even if it was just a casual attack, an ordinary Principles Master wouldn’t be able to withstand it. However, Heavenly Sword Marquis not only could withstand it,

but his sword was also able to completely suppress Xuan Master’s attack?”

“You must be joking, right?”

The spectators were all stunned.

“This…” Master Ancient Wheel and many experts from the blood ancestor’s lineage were also stunned.

In the hundred battle platform, Xuan Master’s face was still filled with shock, but gradually, this shock was replaced by endless anger.

“As expected of the number one genius in the history of the Divine Beginning Realm. A mere Saint Realm, but the power that burst out in an instant has reached the peak of the void four realms. Heavenly Sword

Marquis, I admit that I have underestimated you, but it ends here.”

As soon as he finished his words, the Xuan Master let out a fierce shout and stomped his foot.

The void under the Xuan Master’s feet immediately exploded. The power of his foot caused a small black hole to appear in the hundred-battle arena.

The Xuan Master rushed toward Jian Wushuang like a bolt of lightning. His aura surged, and a long spear appeared in his hand. The power of the five void realms surged toward the long spear.

It was obvious that Xuan Master had used his full strength.

“Haha, good timing.”

Seeing this, Jian Wushuang burst into laughter. His eyes flickered with a fierce light that made people’s hearts tremble. He moved, and just as he was about to make direct contact with Xuan Master…the supreme

life-level pressure on his body burst out to the extreme.

He used the heaven-cleaving skill in an instant.

“Peerless Sword technique, Xi Xiang!”

Jian Wushuang raised his sword with both hands. With the help of the heaven-cleaving skill, a scarlet sword light that filled more than half of the hundred-battle arena slashed out ferociously, crushing everything in its

path.

“Divine destruction!”

The Xuan Master held the spear with one hand. The spear was filled with three types of rule power, two of which were perfectly combined, turning the spear into a dark purple color. The dark purple spear was like a

dark purple flood dragon, it suddenly whistled out and annihilated everything.

Bang!

The world suddenly shook, and soon after, countless spatial cracks appeared on the hundred battle platform. Each of these spatial cracks was over a hundred meters long, and they were constantly tearing space apart

and reassembling…it was a scene that could destroy the world.

However, this scene did not last for long. As a figure retreated explosively, the power that could destroy the world also began to slowly quieten down.

“Haha, Xuan Zhu, your strength is just so-so.”

A hearty laughter reverberated throughout the hundred battle arena. At the same time, it was also transmitted from the hundred battle arena, ringing in the ears of every expert watching the battle.

The many experts watching the battle were completely stunned when they saw the scene in the hundred battle arena.

“The first collision was Xuan Zhu underestimating the enemy and did not use all of his strength. Even if he was forced back, it was still acceptable. But now, Xuan Zhu has clearly used all of his strength. But in the end,

he is still at a disadvantage in a head-on collision?”

“He is indeed at a disadvantage. I saw it clearly.”

“How could it be? How could the attack power of Heavenly Sword Marquis be so strong?”

Everyone felt incredulous.

Even the Xuan Master himself could not believe his eyes at this moment.

Indeed, he had used all of his strength in the second collision, but he was still at a slight disadvantage in the collision. He could not accept the result for a moment.

Only Jian Wushuang himself was not surprised by the result.

“Although I am only an Immortal Saint, because of my perfect life level, my basic divine power is not weaker than the ordinary Principles Masters, and it is even slightly stronger. Now I have mastered three parts of the

power of will. With the life divine power, it is equivalent to four parts of the power of will. As for the heaven-cleaving skill…”

“Although I haven’t mastered the most powerful secret skill created by my master, at my current level, the superimposed power is much more than the power of one will. In total, | have mastered more than five wills!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“My basic divine power is a little stronger than the Xuan Master, and the power of my will is also a lot stronger. In total, the power that I can unleash in an instant is much stronger than the Xuan Master, who is in the

void five realms. The only regret is that the level of the absolute art created by me is a little lower.”

In terms of absolute art, Jian Wushuang’s unparalleled sword manual had seven sword moves that had reached the level of Principles Master. However, as Principles Masters, there were differences in the level of their

absolute art, the seven sword moves that Jian Wushuang had created were at most equivalent to the absolute art created by an expert in the third realm of the void. In terms of level, they could only be considered as

advanced absolute art among Principles Masters.

As for Xuan Master, he had reached the fifth realm of the void for many years, so the absolute arts created by him were naturally very powerful. For example, the spear move that Xuan Master had just displayed was

definitely the pinnacle absolute art of the Principles Masters, which was much more powerful than Jian Wushuang’s Xi Xiang move, it was much more powerful.

However, even if the absolute arts were slightly inferior, with the advantage in power and power, he still had the upper hand in this collision!.