Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3431 The Power of the Will of the Heavenly Dao

Buzz — the world shook violently.

Then, a strange wave spread out in the cave mansion where Demon Master Chenhuo and Zhao Mang were.

“Is this wave fate?” Jian Wushuang stopped comprehending the destruction principles and looked at the cave mansion.

The strange fluctuation swept in all directions, causing the entire heaven and earth to change. At the same time, vast power of the will began to condense at an astonishing speed in the sky.

“Oh, the power of the will of the Heavenly Dao?” Jian Wushuang raised his head and sensed the existence of the power of the will of the Heavenly Dao from the void. Moreover, the power of the will of the Heavenly Dao continued to condense and increase at an astonishing speed.

“It seems that the power of the will of heaven is also unacceptable to the will of heaven. If Chenhuo wants to successfully change the fate of the little guy, he has to face the power of the will of heaven. However, this is the Third Heaven after all, where the power of the will of heaven is the strongest.” Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes slightly.

He could sense that the power of the will of heaven was rapidly condensing. Soon, the power of the will of heaven had already surpassed the Principles Master of the four Void Realms, and it was still increasing. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

After a while, the power of the will of heaven had surpassed the five void realms and reached the level of the six void realms.

At this point, the power of the will of heaven finally stopped condensing.

“It’s equivalent to the level of the six void realms…tsk-tsk, the power of the will of heaven in the Third Heaven is indeed not weak.” Jian Wushuang smiled faintly, but he did not care at all.

When the power of the will was condensed, it naturally sensed his existence. However, the power of the will did not have any intention of attacking Jian Wushuang, instead, it concentrated all its power on the heads of Demon Master Chenhuo and Zhao Mang.

When the power of the will of heaven was condensed to the maximum, boom!

The world-destroying divine thunder suddenly descended.

The world-annihilating divine thunder carried the full power of the will of the Heavenly Dao. It instantly streaked across the sky and struck toward the cave abode where Demon Master Chenhuo and Zhao Mang were.

Seeing this, Jian Wushuang did not react at all.

He knew very well that although the power of the will of the Heavenly Dao represented the will of the Heavenly Dao, it was not omnipotent in the Divine Beginning Realm. Instead, it had to abide by certain principles, which also determined the power it could gather, now that Demon Master Chenhuo and Zhao Mang were defying the heavens and changing their fate, the power of the will of the Heavenly Dao could only be mobilized as much as the power of the six void realms in the Third Heaven.

However, if Jian Wushuang interfered at this time, it would give the will of the Heavenly Dao a chance to mobilize more power than the power of the six void realms. The loss outweighed the gain.

Moreover, Jian Wushuang also knew that the power of the will of the Heavenly Dao, which was comparable to the power of the six void realms, was far from enough to deal with Demon Master Chenhuo.

Sure enough, the Demon Master of the cave mansion attacked directly. A majestic power suddenly rose, which was extremely powerful and instantly destroyed the world-destroying divine thunder that fell from the sky, it did not affect the power of the divine thunder in the cave mansion at all.

The first world-destroying divine thunder was directly destroyed, but the power of the will of the Heavenly Dao did not stop at all.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

One after another, incomparably huge bolts of world-destroying divine lightning descended.

Any one of these world-destroying divine lightning was comparable to an attack of a void sixth realm expert. However, at this moment, the densely packed world-destroying divine lightning was continuously attacking. If it were to meet with a weaker Principles Master…it would be very easy for it to be shattered into pieces. Even if they were similarly experts of the void sixth realm, they had to simultaneously block these divine lightning and destroy all of them at the same time, not allowing the divine lightning to have even the slightest bit of power within the cave abode…he was afraid that he would not be able to do so.

However, Demon Master Chenhuo had already reached the peak of the six realms of the void and was only one step away from the peak. His strength far exceeded that of an ordinary expert of the six realms of the void. If he wanted to destroy all the divine thunder…he could do it.

“Tsk, tsk. The power that the will of heaven can mobilize in the Third Heaven is indeed extraordinary.” Jian Wushuang was secretly amazed.

In fact, Demon Master Chenhuo could have brought Zhao Mang to the Second Heaven or changed his fate in the First Heaven. In that case, the power of the will of the Heavenly Dao would not be as powerful as it was now, it would have been easier for him to resist.

For example, Demon Master Chenhuo’s master had changed his fate in the Amethyst Demon Sect in the Second Heaven. At that time, not only his master had helped him, but also the many strong warriors of the Amethyst Demon Sect and the sect-protecting formation, even though the Heavenly Dao’s will had mobilized an extremely powerful force, it was unable to annihilate the Demon Master Chenhuo in the

end.

But now, the Demon Master Chenhuo alone was enough to withstand the power of the Heavenly Dao’s will.

In the sky above, the Heavenly Dao’s will continued to pour down world-destroying divine thunder and bombard the cave abodes below. Perhaps the Heavenly Dao’s will had already understood that it was unable to do anything to the Demon Master Chenhuo, but to the Heavenly Dao’s will…even if it only affected the Demon Master Chenhuo to a certain extent, making it impossible for him to continue changing Zhao Mang’s fate, it was already worth it.

Unfortunately, no matter how much the will of the Heavenly Dao attacked, it was easily blocked by the Demon Master Chenhuo. The heaven-defying change of fate in the cave abode did not stop at all and continued.

In a flash, two hours had passed. The power of the will of the Heavenly Dao had finally been exhausted, and the will of the Heavenly Dao could only retreat helplessly.

With the departure of the will of the Heavenly Dao, the world became calm again.

“Is it over?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed, but then he shook his head. “No, Chenhuo said that it would take at least three months to complete the heaven-defying change of fate. It’s only been one month.”

As expected, not long after the will of the Heavenly Dao retreated, the earth suddenly began to rumble, and the entire sky seemed to tremble.

A unique aura suddenly spread out from the cave mansion in the middle of the mountain range, and it swept in all directions in an instant.

This scene was very similar to the birth of some special treasures.

Moreover, the noise was shocking.

“This noise is really big. Within the range of my soul perception, the whole world is shaking crazily. Such a huge noise…no wonder Chenhuo said before that during the process of changing fate, many experts will be attracted.” Jian Wushuang smiled faintly.

He knew very well that the commotion was very shocking. The scene was like the birth of a treasure, so it naturally attracted attention.

Although they had chosen a secluded place to change fate, such a huge commotion could still attract some of the experts nearby. For these experts, Demon Master Chenhuo probably did not have time to deal with them, naturally, he could only leave it to Jian Wushuang, who was guarding the side.