Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3435 Azure Demon Divine Hall

“Sect Master Yu Hua, how long have you been here?” Palace Master Yu Da looked at the three people from Yu Hua Sect who had arrived.

“It has already been more than two hours. Other than Heavenly Sword Marquis, our Yu Hua Sect was the first to arrive. However, after we arrived, we were blocked by Heavenly Sword Marquis, so we had no way to come into contact with the cave abode,” Sect Master Yu Hua said. “In other words, you don’t know what’s inside the cave abode?” Palace Master Yu Da asked. “We don’t. Among all the people present, Heavenly Sword Marquis is probably the only one who knows. However, Heavenly Sword Marquis said that a good friend of his was in seclusion inside the cave abode. The movements in the surroundings were also sent by that good friend of his. I don’t really believe this reason,” said Sect Master Yu Hua.

“I don’t believe it either.” Palace Master Yu Da also said solemnly, “But as you can see, this heavenly Marquis Jian is terrifyingly strong. He defeated me with just three strikes. His strength is probably comparable to an expert at the fifth level of the void. With him blocking the outside, it won’t be easy for us to force our way in.”

“Yes,” said Sect Master Yu Hua. “Not only is Heavenly Sword Marquis powerful, but he also has many techniques. Rumor has it that he is also good at the shadowless escape technique of Blood Blade Master. Once he uses the shadowless escape technique, his speed is also incredibly fast. Even if we join forces with all the great beings present, we might not be able to do anything to him. Most importantly, the strange phenomenon in the cave abode is still continuing. This means that the true treasures in there should not have been completely born yet.”

“If he has already appeared, then it will be easy. At most, all of us will rush forward together. Even if the Heavenly Sword Marquis is extremely powerful, he will not be able to stop all of us at once. There will always be people who will seize the opportunity to enter the cave abode and leave with the supreme treasure. However, since he has not appeared...without the supreme treasure that has completely appeared, there is no way to directly take it away,” Palace Master Yu Da said.

“Let’s wait and see. When this phenomenon disappears and that supreme treasure is fully born, we will swarm forward together. At that time, Heavenly Sword Marquis won’t be able to stop us,” Sect Master Yu Hua said. “I’m not worried about Heavenly Sword Marquis. I’m worried about the Azure Demon Divine Hall!” Palace Master Yu Da’s expression was solemn. “The appearance of this supreme treasure has caused such a huge commotion. Not only our Yu Da Palace and your Yu Hua Sect, but the Azure Demon Divine Hall must have noticed it as well. If I’m not mistaken, the experts from the Azure Demon Divine Hall are also rushing over. I’m afraid that they will arrive here soon.”

“Azure Demon Divine Hall...” Sect Master Yu Hua’s face darkened. Among all the forces in the Dragon Fire Domain, the Azure Demon Divine Hall was the one that Yu Hua Sect feared the most.

“Let’s wait and see. Even if the Azure Demon Divine Hall arrives, our two families might be able to compete with it even if we join hands,” Sect Master Yu Hua said.

“Okay.” Palace Master Yu Da nodded slightly.

Obviously, Yu Palace was willing to join hands with Yu Hua Sect when they faced the Azure Demon Divine Hall.

re

As time passed, more and more experts gathered around, but no one was able to break into the cave mansion because of Jian Wushuang’s obstruction.

At this moment...in the void not far away, several figures flew over side by side. The leader was a middle-aged man in a cyan suit.

Even the middle-aged man’s eyes were suffused with a single cyan light, making him look very evil.

When they saw the person who had arrived, the hearts of the many experts who had gathered in this area tensed up.

“Azure Demon Divine Hall!”

“The people from Azure Demon Divine Hall have finally arrived.”

“Then the person in the lead should be Azure Demon, right? It’s said that Azure Demon had obtained an opportunity not too long ago and had already broken through to the fifth stage of the Void!”

“The fifth stage of the Void is unrivaled within the Dragon Fire Domain!”

One after another, respectful voices rang out.

Even the Principles Masters from Yu Da Palace and Yu Hua Sect could not help but feel apprehensive when they saw the arrival of the Azure Demon Divine Hall’s people, especially when they saw the leader, Azure Demon.

In the blink of an eye, the group of four from the Azure Demon Divine Hall had already arrived at the center of the mountain. The leader of the group, Azure Demon, looked around and had already noticed the many experts gathered around him.

“Why aren’t these people entering the cave abode? What are they doing outside?” Azure Demon revealed a puzzled expression.

“Who knows? They probably haven’t started fighting over the treasure yet because it hasn’t fully emerged yet.” A Principles Master from the Azure Demon Divine Hall beside him said.

“Hmph, let’s ignore them. Since our Azure Demon Divine Hall has already arrived, this supreme treasure is ours.” Azure Demon coldly snorted, “Come, let’s go in!”

The four people from the Azure Demon Divine Hall, led by Azure Demon, rushed toward the cave abode that was emitting a strange sound.

When they saw this scene, the surrounding experts did not have any intention of stopping them. Instead, they revealed strange expressions. “The people from the Azure Demon Divine Hall are heading toward that cave abode.” “Hehe, that cave abode is guarded by the Heavenly Sword Marquis. We have seen his strength. He is probably not much weaker than the five void realms. Although Azure Demon is also extremely strong, it is not certain who will win against the Heavenly Sword Marquis.”

“Let’s see. Even if it is Azure Demon, it won’t be so easy to pass the Heavenly Sword Marquis.”

The surrounding experts were all looking forward to it.

Even the Yu Palace and the Yu Hua Sect were looking forward to the Azure Demon Divine Hall and the Heavenly Sword Marquis.

After all, the Azure Demon Divine Hall could be said to be the dominant force in the Dragon Fire Domain. Although the Yu Palace and the Yu Hua Sect were also one of the three major forces, their overall strength was much weaker than the Azure Demon Divine Hall, neither of them had the ability to fight against the Azure Demon Divine Hall, but Heavenly Sword Marquis, who was blocking them, had the ability to challenge the Azure Demon Divine Hall.

Sure enough, just as the four people of the Azure Demon Divine Hall were about to approach the cave mansion, Jian Wushuang came up to them.

“Please go back,” Jian Wushuang said coldly.

“Who are you? You are just an Immortal Saint, how dare you block our way?” A Principles Master of the Azure Demon Divine Hall immediately shouted. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“My name is Heavenly Sword Marquis.” Jian Wushuang remained calm.

In any case, his identity had been recognized by others. Fortunately, he had no intention of concealing his identity, so he announced his name.

“Heavenly Sword Marquis?”

Hearing this name, the four Principles Masters of the Azure Demon Divine Hall, including Azure Demon, were shocked. It could not be helped. Heavenly Sword Marquis’ name was too big in the Divine Beginning Realm.

“He is Heavenly Sword Marquis? The most terrifying Immortal Saint in the history of the Divine Beginning Realm?” A brown-haired elder looked at Jian Wushuang in surprise.

“He is blocking our way and wants us to leave. Could it be that the people around us, including Yu Palace and Yu Hua Sect, are unable to enter the cave mansion because they are blocked by him?” Another blood-haired youth frowned and said.

They thought that the experts from Yu Palace and Yu Hua Sect did not enter the cave mansion because the treasure had not been born yet. However, Jian Wushuang’s appearance changed their minds.