Chapter 347: Five Killing Moves (Part Two)

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Boom! Boom!

Following the two loud booms, two violent windstorms formed in the sky.

The Demonic Grenade was given to him by Wine Master. He said that if used properly, a Demonic Grenade could even endanger a top expert who has reached the Pinnacle. Jian Wushuang found an opportunity to throw two Demonic Grenades at Second Holy Master, which was his third Killing Move.

Second Holy Master was overwhelmed by the terrifying power of the two Demonic Grenades. He was stuck in the two windstorms for a long time before he finally smashed the windstorms with his great power and reappeared before everyone’s eyes.

At this moment, Second Holy Master looked embarrassed. His black robe had become ragged because of the explosion. However, he was not injured and his aura had not weakened.

“Boy, that was a nice skill. Anything else?”

Second Holy Master stood in the air and coldly looked toward Jian Wushuang. However, in the next moment, he was shocked. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

He saw Jian Wushuang drawing a huge bow. A stream of terrifying strength gathered on the bow, merging to form a golden arrow.

He was the target.

“God-killing Bow!”

Second Holy Master was startled. When the power of the golden arrow reached the limit, Jian Wushuang relaxed his finger.

Swish!

The golden arrow shot forward, changing into a flash of golden light. Instantly, it pierced the space between them with its golden tail, like a comet.

He obtained the God-killing Bow from Mo Yun’s Interspatial Ring. As a second-grade magic weapon, it was really different from an ordinary weapon. Once it was used, the terrifying power of the golden arrow would rush forward.

With the help of Road to the Underworld and Bridge of Helplessness, Jian Wushuang unleashed the God-killing Bow and shot the golden arrow. The power was enough to threaten an expert at the Pinnacle.

The speed of the arrow was so fast that Second Holy Master was not able to dodge it. He could only try his best to block it.

This was Jian Wushuang’s fourth Killing Move.

It was set up in conjunction with the third Killing Move because the time needed to prepare the God-killing Bow was provided by the explosion of the two Demonic Grenades.

Right as Second Holy Master disentangled him from the explosion, the God-killing Bow had just finished the preparations to attack, without leaving Second Holy Master a chance to breathe.

The Killing Moves arrived in quick succession.

The golden arrow instantly appeared in front of Second Holy Master, moving directly toward his neck. Second Holy Master snorted while immediately slapping it with his hand.

Chi!

The golden arrow was powerful. Its terrifying power allowed it to pierce through Second Holy Master’s palm and continue flying toward his throat.

Second Holy Master widened his eyes. Then streams of great Spiritual Power gushed out and formed a shield around his body. The golden arrow collided with the shield of Spiritual Power. The very moment it managed to pierce the shield, the power of the arrow disappeared.

“How dangerous!”

Second Holy Master was frightened. The golden arrow was only 5 millimeters away from striking his neck after breaking through the shield.

“Boy, it seems that I underestimated you.” Second Holy Master coldly looked toward Jian Wushuang, with a surge of killing intent flashing in his eyes.

It had been a long time since he had such a fright.

Now it was caused by a young expert in the Yang Void Realm.

“Not only is he still alive, he was not even injured by my four Killing Moves. Now, everything depends on this last move.”?Jian Wushuang’s eyes became slightly red as killing intent began gushing out. Then he took out a faint yellow elixir and ate it.

Yin-Yang Dark Dragon Elixir!

It could greatly increase his strength for a short period of time.

In an instant, he felt the blood racing through his veins and his potential was completely activated.

His strength became at least double.

Then, Jian Wushuang suddenly patted his chest and spat out a mouthful of blood, then quickly waved his hand to catch it. This action was repeated several times, leaving a dozen palm prints on his chest.

“Asura Secret Skill, the third move, Eighteen Levels of Hell!” Jian Wushuang let out a snarl.

His face was distorted and his veins stood out on his forehead as if his veins would burst.

Previously, Jian Wushuang was not able to perform Eighteen Levels of Hell, because he did not have enough Spiritual Power and strength.

However, now, after performing the Soul-Devouring Secret Skill, eating the Yin-Yang Dark Dragon Elixir, and even drawing his own blood, he could barely display this move.

Boom... The Blood River madly tumbled and roared.

It originally covered 1,000 meters, but now it extended thousands of meters at an amazing speed until it resembled the road to the underworld.

The Bridge of Helplessness, that spanned the Blood River, constantly stretched while becoming more enormous and towering.

In the middle of the Blood River, a piece of blood cloud swirled, forming a huge vortex. Then, a huge blood-red pavilion slowly descended. It had 18 floors, with ghost shadows visible on each floor, and their screams and roars could be heard.

Buzz!

The moment the pavilion landed on the Blood River, invisible waves spread out.

Time seemed to stop for a moment. Second Holy Master stood in the Blood River, with a hint of shock in his eyes, watching the ghosts crazily rushing toward him as he fell into a panic.

He desperately bit his lips and barely managed to keep a clear mind.

At this moment, another elixir appeared in Jian Wushuang’s hand.

It was the Spirit-recovering Elixir.