Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3565: Human-Shaped Statues

The human-shaped statues on the high platform had no reaction from the moment Jian Wushuang stepped onto the high platform.

“According to the Star Thunder Ruler, these human-shaped statues will only wake up when you try to leave the high platform. They will not wake up completely in the beginning. Only one or two will wake up, but even if it’s just a human-shaped statue, it will crush the Star Thunder Ruler in the beginning.”

“If the Star Thunder Ruler is right and the human-shaped sculpture is so powerful, then the human-shaped sculpture array is too terrifying.” Jian Wushuang frowned. “In any case, I have to try it myself. Besides, the Star Thunder Ruler said that the human-shaped sculpture array is just a test. It won’t kill you directly in the beginning. It will only kill you when the time comes.”

Thinking of this, Jian Wushuang took a deep breath and took out his shadow sword. Then he slowly walked out of the high platform.

Jian Wushuang had only taken two steps...buzz!

The high platform suddenly shook. Then, Jian Wushuang saw a human-shaped sculpture in front of him shake a little and a lot of dust scattered. The human-shaped sculpture slowly moved. At the same time…the eyes of the human-shaped statue opened directly.

These eyes were emotionless and without any intelligence. After opening them, they directly aimed at Jian Wushuang.

“Let’s try.”

Jian Wushuang clenched his teeth and immediately used his life magic power. His body turned into lightning and suddenly shot out. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The moment he moved, the awakened human-shaped statue also moved. It took a series of steps, each step easily crossing hundreds of feet. In a flash, it appeared in front of Jian Wushuang, at the same time, the ancient dark-black longsword in his hand also slashed down.

“Heaven-cleaving skill, no rest until death!”

Jian Wushuang knew how terrifying the human-shaped statue was, so he did not dare to underestimate it. As soon as he attacked, he unleashed his strongest battle strength. Not only did he use the heaven-cleaving skill, but he also used his strongest skill, no rest until death!

Swoosh!

The sword light with endless destructive will, accompanied by endless hatred, slashed out directly.

In the blink of an eye, the sword light collided with the dark black longsword of the human-shaped statue.

Clang!

With a loud sound, Jian Wushuang’s arm shook slightly, and his whole body shot out like a cannonball. He did not stop until he returned to the center of the high platform, which was the corpse of the Star Thunder Ruler, seeing Jian Wushuang return here, the human-shaped statue returned to where it had been standing before, and its eyes were closed.

Jian Wushuang was not frightened by the strength displayed by the human-shaped statue. Instead, he was surprised.

“What’s going on? Didn’t the Star Thunder Ruler say that the human-shaped statue was enough to crush him?

“However, although the human-shaped statue is very powerful and can crush me, its battle strength is still at the level of a Principles Master, and it hasn’t reached the pinnacle of a Principles Master, but a Principles Master at the pinnacle of the six realm?” Jian Wushuang’s expression was strange, however, he immediately thought of a possibility.

“Could it be that the human-shaped sculpture array is based on the strength of the cultivator trapped in the middle of the high platform?”

“The Star Thunder Ruler is a Ruler Realm expert, so these human-shaped sculptures display the battle strength of a Ruler. Although I have the battle strength of a Principles Master, I’m only an Immortal Saint. So what these human-shaped sculptures display is the battle strength of a Principles Master?”

Jian Wushuang thought of this possibility, which seemed very likely to him.

“Let’s try again.”

Jian Wushuang did not hesitate to try again. This time, although he activated his life divine power, he did not use the heaven-cleaving skill. The battle strength he released was only in the initial stage of the sixth realm, but he still used his strongest move.

The result...was that he was defeated again, the same result as before.

However, after this attempt, Jian Wushuang’s eyes lit up.

“As expected, as expected!”

“This human-shaped sculpture array is a test, and this test is determined by the strength of the cultivator. To be exact, it depends on the power of the cultivator!”

“When I used the heaven-cleaving skill, the power I displayed was at the pinnacle of the six realm, so the power displayed by the human-shaped sculpture was also at the pinnacle of the six realm. Later, when I didn’t use the heaven-cleaving skill, the power displayed by the human-shaped sculpture was only at the initial stage of the sixth realm, so the power displayed by the human-shaped sculpture was only at the initial stage of the sixth realm.”

“The power is exactly the same, even the power of the supreme treasure and the secret skill are the same. The only difference is the secret skill!”

Jian Wushuang recalled the two collisions he had just had with the humanoid statue.

During the two collisions, the swordsmanship displayed by the humanoid statue was the same. The power of the swordsmanship was extremely powerful, even more powerful than the ultimate skill that he had created.

“According to the information left by the Star Thunder Ruler, he has made a lot of progress in his strength over the past tens of millions of years. The progress is mainly in his staff skills. If nothing goes wrong, it should be the strongest ultimate skill that he created!”

“In other words, if you want to break through the human-shaped sculpture formation, you have to rely on your own absolute art. As for other powers or other methods, they are useless.” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were shining.

He could see that the absolute art displayed by the human-shaped sculpture was still at the peak of rank six, but it was stronger than his deadly one. In other words, as long as he could create a stronger absolute art…in terms of power, it was superior to the absolute art of the human-shaped sculpture, so he could win the head-on collision with the human-shaped sculpture.

If he won the head-on collision, he would not be repelled by the human-shaped sculpture. Instead, he could repent the human-shaped sculpture, and then he could naturally leave the high platform.

Of course, there was not only one human-shaped sculpture on the high platform, but a total of 18. If all the absolute arts displayed by the 18 were like that, then even if Jian Wushuang created a more powerful absolute art at the peak of level six than the human-shaped sculpture…he would still be unable to break through the human-shaped sculpture formation.

At the very least, he had to create an ultimate skill at the sixth rank!

“The strongest ultimate skill!” Jian Wushuang clenched his hands, his eyes shining with a fierce light.

When he was in the Divine Beginning Realm, he had seen Demon Master Chenhuo perform the strongest ultimate skill with his own eyes. The power was indeed earth-shaking.

Demon Master Chenhuo had also put in endless effort to reach that step. Now, he was still very far from that step.