Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3570: Death?

Jian Wushuang had experienced many storms, so he could remain absolutely calm no matter how angry he was.

He knew very well that this human-shaped sculpture array was a test. Since it was a test, he naturally had a chance to pass it. Even if the chance was slim, there was still a glimmer of hope.

Moreover, this test had a duration of 10 million years, which was an extremely long time for Jian Wushuang.

“I can’t be impatient. After all, I’ve only been trapped on this high platform for 3,000 years. I still have enough time. If I devote myself to studying sword principle and swordsmanship in the remaining long years, who knows what level I will reach?” Jian Wushuang clenched his hands, his heart also became firm.

Then, Jian Wushuang looked at the human-shaped statues in front of him.

“The six human-shaped statues just now displayed swordsmanship at the peak of the skill level, but when they combined their swordsmanship, the power of their swordsmanship suddenly increased by dozens of times. How did their swordsmanship merge together? And how did the power of their swordsmanship suddenly increase so much?” Jian Wushuang was full of doubt and puzzlement, soon, he fought with the six human-shaped statues again.

This time, Jian Wushuang wanted to see how the human-shaped statues combined their sword skills to increase their power.

The process of combining sword skills would certainly be of great help to his swordsmanship and sword principle.

On the high platform, Jian Wushuang was soon immersed in the bitter cultivation of his swordsmanship.

Time passed quickly.

In the blink of an eye, Jian Wushuang had been trapped on the high platform for 10,000 years.

During these 10,000 years, the special space-time was certainly calm, but the outside world of this special space-time was still in a state of fervor.

Especially in Star Palace.

“It has been 10,000 years. After Heavenly Sword Marquis entered the unexplored area of Devil Smoke Valley, there has been no trace of him for more than 10,000 years. I’m afraid he has already met his doom.”

Several high-level experts of the Star Palace gathered together. Among them, the master of seven emotions was the first to speak.

“The three great battlefields are extremely dangerous. Therefore, not only our Star Palace, but also experts from the surrounding star realms and various forces will maintain contact with the outside world while adventuring in the three great battlefields. Every once in a while, they will take the initiative to report their situation to the higher-ups. They will also let the higher-ups of the forces they are in know that he is at least still alive. But now, little friend Heavenly Sword Marquis has been missing for a full 10,000 years...”

“According to what we know, little friend Heavenly Sword Marquis hasn’t been born in the Divine Beginning Realm for more than 10,000 years. Now, he has disappeared for such a long time. Moreover, he is in an unexplored region. Most likely, he has already fallen,” Axe One Master added.

Hearing this, the people around them also fell silent.

If one suddenly lost contact with the outside world while adventuring in the three battlefields, it was possible that they had fallen into some sort of predicament or special space-time. Falling into these places did not mean that they would fall.

However, such a place would not be trapped for long. 10,000 years was indeed too long.

Moreover, someone had seen Jian Wushuang enter the unexplored area in the depths of Devil Smoke Valley.

Many dangers in the unexplored area were unknown. If one was careless, even a Ruler Realm expert could die instantly, let alone an ordinary Principles Master, Jian Wushuang had completely disappeared not long after entering the unexplored area, and it took him 10,000 years in an hour. It was almost certain that he was dead.

“It’s a pity. It’s really a pity.” Marquis Duan Yu could not help sighing, “The Heavenly Sword Marquis is extremely talented, and his potential is limitless. If he did not die, his future achievements would be immeasurable. But now...sigh!”

“He can’t blame anyone. He can only blame himself.” Seven Emotions Master said in a low voice, “I said before that although Heavenly Sword Marquis has some strength, he is only an Immortal Saint. He still has a lot of room to grow, and there is no need to rush to the three battlefields. However, he went to the three battlefields, and he went to the unknown region in the depths of Devil Smoke Valley alone!”

“Even some top Principles Masters don’t dare to take risks in that place. As an Immortal Saint, it would be strange if he didn’t die there.”

Seven Emotions Master was the only one among the four who had not dealt with Jian Wushuang. Therefore, she did not have to be too emotional about Jian Wushuang’s death. At most, she felt a little pity.

“Heavenly Sword Marquis, you are indeed a little too impulsive this time,” Marquis Duan Yu said.

“Ladies and gentlemen, although this Heavenly Sword Marquis has been missing for 10,000 years, we can not be sure that he is dead. Perhaps he still has a chance to live?” Star Saint Master, who had not spoken up, said.

“Yes, it is too presumptuous to say that Heavenly Sword Marquis is dead now. We should wait for a while. If there is still no news from him, we can announce his death later,” Axe One Master said.

Jian Wushuang was now known as Blood Sword Master, and he had a certain reputation in the three battlefields. Most importantly, Axe One Master knew Jian Wushuang’s true identity and strength, he also knew how much their Palace Master valued Jian Wushuang. This could be seen from the fact that Desolate Emperor, the Heaven Ancestor, had summoned Jian Wushuang alone.

It was not appropriate for such an important figure to conclude that Jian Wushuang was dead, so they could only wait.

“By the way, I heard that when the Heavenly Sword Marquis was in the Divine Beginning Realm, he was still a member of the Temporal Temple. The founder of the Temporal Temple, the spacetime Ruler, has extraordinary means. The experts of the Temporal Temple under his command all left their life aura in their divine seats. We can send someone to the Temporal Temple to see if his divine seat is still there,” Axe One Master said. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“It’s useless.”

As soon as Axe One Master finished speaking...Seven Emotions Master shook his head and said, “I’ve heard of the divine seat that contains the aura of life. It’s not only in the Divine Beginning Realm, but also in some big forces in other astral worlds. But that thing is only useful in or around the astral world. If the cultivator is too far away from the divine seat, then he can’t sense it.”

“Right now, Heavenly Sword Marquis is in an unknown area deep in Devil Smoke Valley. It’s too far away from the Divine Beginning Realm. Even if Heavenly Sword Marquis has fallen there, his divine position in the Divine Beginning Realm will not change.”