Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3575: Level Seven Secret Skill

The level seven secret skill was not too difficult for him now.

Even if it was a level seven advanced secret skill, he could create it if he needed time.

Fortunately, the human-shaped sculpture array had a time limit of ten million years, and only 80,000 years had passed since he was trapped here. He had plenty of time.

Jian Wushuang immediately sat down cross-legged.

“In terms of swordsmanship, I created the move Starfire Burning Sun after tens of thousands of years of evolution. Although this move is only the strongest level six ultimate skill, with my current understanding of sword principle, I can completely improve this move and upgrade it to level seven!”

“Not only can I improve Starfire Burning Sun, but I can also improve my swordsmanship, which is at the peak of level six, such as Till Death Do Us Part, Purple Charm, and Sword Rainbow. I can also improve the seven sword moves in the Peerless Sword Manual.”

Jian Wushuang smiled faintly. Soon, he closed his eyes and began to study it.

Just as Jian Wushuang had expected, with her current understanding of sword principle, it was too easy for her to improve the swordsmanship that she had created before. It did not take long, for example, it only took him more than a thousand years to upgrade Starfire Burning Sun to the level of an elementary level seven skill.

However, it was obviously not enough to meet his requirements.

Time passed, and another 17,000 years passed in a flash.

17,000 years, plus the previous 80,000 years, Jian Wushuang had been trapped there for 97,000 years.

On this day, Jian Wushuang suddenly opened his eyes. The moment he opened his eyes, a shocking sword essence swept out. This sword essence was extremely powerful. Fortunately, he was in this special space-time, there were no cultivators around. If there were cultivators in the outside world, ordinary Principles Masters would definitely be scared to death by this sword essence.

“Haha, it’s done!”

Jian Wushuang also revealed a surprised smile.

After spending 17,000 years to improve his swordsmanship, his swordsmanship finally met his requirements.

“The three sword techniques of ‘Till Death Do Us Part’, ‘Purple Charm’ and ‘Sword Rainbow’ have all been upgraded to the level of an elementary level seven absolute art, and they are all at the peak of the elementary level seven!”

“In the Wushuang Sword Manual, I’ve also upgraded to the peak of the initial stage of the seventh rank for the two common sword techniques, ‘Xi Xiang’ and ‘Star Dream’. As for the remaining five sword techniques, they are all at the threshold of the seventh rank.”

“And most importantly, this move, ‘Starfire Burning Sun’!”

Jian Wushuang clenched his hands tightly.

After all, ‘Starfire Burning Sun’ was the sixth rank ultimate skill that he had spent tens of thousands of years to create. Previously, its level was much higher than the other sword techniques that he had created. But in these 17,000 years, he had spent a lot of time on improving this sword skill.

Until now, this sword skill had finally reached the level of the seventh-level advanced ultimate skill!

In Jian Wushuang’s opinion, the seventh-level advanced skill was enough for him to pass through the human-shaped sculpture array.

“Let’s try it.”

Jian Wushuang did not hesitate and directly began to pass through the human-shaped sculpture array. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

As he stood up and walked toward the human-shaped sculptures, the two consciousnesses that had been watching Jian Wushuang in the deepest part of the space-time immediately perked up.

“He has been sitting there for 17,000 years. He must be creating swordsmanship. Now that he is getting ready to break through the 18-ultimate formation, he must have created his swordsmanship,” the first consciousness said.

“Yes. He has fought with the 18 human-shaped sculptures at the same time. He knows the power of the sword technique formed by the combination of these 18 human-shaped sculptures. Now that he has come to challenge the formation again, it means that he has the confidence to challenge it,” the second consciousness said with a smile, “it seems that master’s lineage will have another amazing little guy.”

“Haha, this little fellow is indeed remarkable. At the very least, he is much more powerful than the two of us.” The first consciousness laughed as well.

“Such a rare moment can not only be seen by the two of us.” The second consciousness smiled faintly. Following that, a magnificent voice reverberated in the deepest part of the special space-time, “Second, fifth, and seventh, the three of you should also wake up.”

This voice was not only majestic, but it also contained an invisible power. This power spread out like a wave board, instantly awakening the other three consciousnesses that were sleeping in this special space-time.

“Third brother, what’s the matter?”

“Third brother, you should know my current situation. If there isn’t anything urgent, don’t disturb me.”

Different voices came from two different directions. The five of them were in different corners of this special space-time, but their consciousnesses had already gathered together.

“I know your situation, but don’t worry. I won’t take too long to wake you up, and I won’t let you use your strength. I just want you to see the little guy in the 18-ultimate formation,” the second consciousness said, it was the third one.

“In the 18-ultimate formation?”

The other three consciousnesses had just woken up, and they had not paid enough attention to what was happening in this special space and time. Therefore, they did not know about Jian Wushuang’s existence until their consciousnesses covered it, they finally understood why the third one woke them up.

“Immortal Saint? An Immortal Saint actually created a level seven absolute art?”

“My god, his swordsmanship has triggered the Universe Origin of Sword Principle? He has actually stepped into the first step of the Universe Origin of Sword Principle?”

“A level seven absolute art is a level seven absolute art, and it’s not just one. He created many types of level seven absolute arts at the same time. This little guy is really amazing!”

The newly awakened three consciousnesses were all extremely shocked when they saw Jian Wushuang’s performance on the high platform.

“Ladies and gentlemen, there is one more thing I have to tell you. This little guy has only been in this special space and time for 97,000 years. He has only been trapped in the 18-ultimate formation for so long. When he first came here, his sword principle was still very immature and laughable. He even took the wrong path in his sword principle. However, it only took him 97,000 years to reach this step.”

“If nothing goes wrong, he will be able to break through the eighteen ultimate formations soon,” third brother said.

“Unbelievable! It’s really unbelievable!”

“He has been trapped for less than 100,000 years, and his Sword Dao was very laughable at the beginning. This little guy is really a monster!”

“Haha, I didn’t expect that we would meet such an incredible monster even though we have been reduced to this barren land. He has broken through the eighteen ultimate formations at the level of a saint. Even in the deepest part of the universe where geniuses are as common as clouds, there is no such thing, right?”

The five consciousnesses were both amazed and excited.