Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3576: Golden War God

Jian Wushuang was too amazing.

If Jian Wushuang was a Ruler or a Principles Master, they would not be so excited and incredulous even though they were amazed that he had passed the 18-ultimate formation, however, Jian Wushuang was just an Immortal Saint.

Even in the deepest part of the universe where geniuses gathered, no Immortal Saint could pass the 18-ultimate formation.

“Well, he passed it.” The third brother smiled.

“Sure enough, after his sword principle has reached this level, the 18-ultimate formation is no longer difficult for him,” the first consciousness, the fourth brother, said.

“Is that the seventh-level advanced absolute art he created? It looks pretty good.”

“Haha, master’s lineage has another amazing little guy.”

The other three consciousnesses were also laughing.

Suddenly, one of the consciousnesses said seriously, “After passing the eighteen ultimate formations, logically, we should send someone to come in contact with him and tell him the significance of this test. However, the three of us are too weak. Even if we awaken our consciousnesses, it will be very difficult, let alone going to see that little guy. Third brother, fourth brother, the two of you are in better condition. One of you should go.”

“I’ll pass. Fourth brother, go and make a trip,” the third brother said.

“Leave it to me.”

The fourth brother, who was the first one among the five to pay attention to Jian Wushuang’s consciousness, was in the best condition. It was because of this that he had the time to pay attention to Jian Wushuang. Now, he had to make contact with Jian Wushuang, naturally, he was also the best choice.

In the deepest corner of this special space-time.

Rumble! The space-time began to tremble crazily.

It was pitch-black and there was not a trace of light in the void. Suddenly, a pair of huge, narrow golden eyes opened.

There was a trace of ice-cold luster in the pair of golden eyes.

“I’ve been asleep for too long. My body is almost rusty.”

A loud voice sounded from the pitch-black void. The owner of the golden eyes slowly stood up. At the moment he stood up, a large amount of golden light surged out from his body. The golden light was extremely dazzling, it directly lit up the entire void.

After stretching his back, the golden figure directly stepped into the void in front of him.

…

At this moment, Jian Wushuang had just broken through the array of the 18 human-shaped sculptures.

“Finally, I’m out.”

Jian Wushuang stood in the gray void and looked at the high platform in front of him.

Just now, when he directly attacked and forced his way through, the 18 human-shaped sculptures tried their best to stop him. Unfortunately, Jian Wushuang had created a level seven absolute art, and with his comprehension of sword principle, he was able to face the 18 human-shaped sculptures head-on, he was not inferior at all.

When he was fighting with these human-shaped sculptures, he had even deliberately displayed all of his sword skills. Through these human-shaped sculptures, he tested the power of his sword skills. After all the trials were over, only then did he really make his move. He directly used Starfire Burning Sun, an absolute art that had already reached the advanced level of level seven, and defeated the 18 puppet fighters head-on.

The 18 human-shaped statues on the high platform were still there, but they had fallen into a deep sleep. In the center of the high platform, the corpse of the Star Thunder Ruler was still intact, this scene made a strange smile appear on Jian Wushuang’s face.

“Star Thunder Ruler, although you had the intention to scheme against me, it’s a pity that I didn’t die on the high platform as you wished. Moreover, the years I’ve been trapped on the high platform have been a great opportunity for me, which has made my sword principle an incredible improvement.”

“And the Shadow Demon Thunder Staff and Blood Demon Cave Armor you left behind are also precious treasures for me. I really have to thank you for having such a great harvest,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

The reason why he was trapped on the high platform this time was partly because of the Star Thunder Ruler. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Before the Star Thunder Ruler died, he deliberately set a trap in order to let others follow in his footsteps. Unfortunately, Jian Wushuang did not do as he wished. On the contrary, he had obtained a great opportunity.

“I have passed the test in the high platform, but I still don’t know anything about this special space-time.” Jian Wushuang frowned.

At this moment...

“Haha!”

A hearty laughter suddenly echoed in the space-time.

“Who is it?” Jian Wushuang’s expression suddenly changed, and he immediately looked toward the source of the voice.

A golden light slowly lit up from the deepest part of the void. As the golden light got closer and closer, the light became more and more dazzling. When it reached Jian Wushuang…the golden light was still like a huge golden sun, illuminating the entire space and time.

Jian Wushuang immediately saw the origin of the golden light.

This golden light was a tall cultivator.

He was hundreds of feet tall, wearing golden armor, boots, and a golden puppet fighter on his head. He also held a golden spear in his hand, making him look like a golden war god.

When he came to Jian Wushuang and stood firmly in front of him, although he did not emit any aura, the moment Jian Wushuang saw him, he immediately felt a chill run down his spine.

Yes, it was a chill down his spine. All the pores on his body had stood up.

He was scared.

“He’s too strong. This man is too strong!” Jian Wushuang’s body was trembling crazily.

He had seen many experts, including the Temporal Temple Master and the Heaven Ancestor. Although these two experts were extremely powerful, he had seen and come into contact with them, Jian Wushuang was in awe of them, but he was not afraid of them.

But now, the Golden War God in front of him...even though he did not exude any aura or power, Jian Wushuang was terrified just by standing there.

He did not know what was going on. He could only say that it was an invisible pressure that made him lose the courage to resist.

Jian Wushuang knew that the man in front of him was definitely a world-shaking super expert. He might even have surpassed the level of a Ruler!

Jian Wushuang did not know what level he would reach after he surpassed the level of a Ruler, but he knew that it was beyond his reach.

Taking a deep breath, Jian Wushuang suppressed the fear in his heart and bowed respectfully to the man. “Jian Wushuang, greetings, Your Excellency!”

“Jian Wushuang? Is that your name?” The Golden War God gazed at Jian Wushuang with his narrow golden eyes and a faint smile appeared on his lips.