Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3580: Blood Demon Cave Armor

The Golden War God, Wind Demon, walked toward the deepest part of the space-time after giving his instructions, and soon disappeared in front of Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang heaved a heavy sigh of relief after the Golden War God left.

He had no choice. The invisible pressure of the Golden War God in front of him made it hard for him to breathe.

“Fortunately, Wind Demon and I belong to the Planet Lingyun. From now on, he won’t be dangerous to me. Instead, he might be my helper.” Jian Wushuang smiled, then he took out the blood-red armor.

The blood-red armor was the pinnacle universe supreme treasure armor left behind by the Star Thunder Ruler, the Blood Demon Cave Armor.

The value of the pinnacle universe supreme treasure armor was shocking.

However, Jian Wushuang had been trapped on the high platform. The test on the high platform was purely based on absolute arts and had little to do with other factors. Therefore, he had not refined the armor, but now...

“This Blood Demon Cave Armor needs to completely master the destruction rule or the slaughter rule to be refined?” Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows.

Ordinary Supreme Treasure armor could be refined as long as one’s strength was sufficient, but the Blood Demon Cave Armor had a high requirement.

Not only did it require extremely strong strength to suppress the terrifying murderous aura contained in the armor, but it also required one to completely master one of the destruction or slaughter principles, and Jian Wushuang had mastered the destruction principles, he had also mastered the will of destruction. As for the killing aura in the armor, he could suppress it with his current strength. He was fully qualified to refine the supreme treasure armor.

Jian Wushuang immediately sat down cross-legged and began to refine the Blood Demon Cave Armor in the gray void.

The refining process was very smooth and did not encounter any trouble. Soon, the Blood Demon Cave Armor turned into a blood-red robe and was put on his body.

As for the Blood Crystal Armor that Jian Wushuang was wearing, he naturally put it back into his interspatial ring.

After refining the Blood Demon Cave Armor, Jian Wushuang immediately understood the power of the armor.

“It is indeed worthy of being a top-tier universe supreme treasure armor. Its power is really strong.” Jian Wushuang clenched his hands with a hint of joy on his face. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The Blood Demon Cave Armor had to be activated by the power of destruction or slaughter. It had an extremely powerful protective ability.

When faced with an attack below the Master Realm, which was the level of a Principles Master, even an extremely powerful Principles Master at the pinnacle of the six realm, or even a Principles Master at the pinnacle of the sixth realm…the Blood Demon Cave Armor could be directly immune to 99% of the attack’s power.

It meant that a Principles Master who had reached the pinnacle of the six realm would use his full strength to attack Jian Wushuang. When it passed through the Blood Demon Cave Armor, its power would be weakened by 99%, in the end, only 1% of the power would be transmitted into Jian Wushuang’s body.

“1%...” Jian Wushuang’s expression was strange.

His body protection ability was not weak. The most important thing was that his divine power was too vast. Under such circumstances, it was already very difficult for a Principles Master to seriously injure him. Now that he had the Blood Demon Cave Armor…it directly weakened the attack of Principles Master by 99%.

Jian Wushuang estimated that he would no longer need to care about Principles Master in this territory in the future. Even if the strongest expert, who was comparable to the underworld bone monster, attacked him with all his strength…it would only barely tickle him.

And this was only against a Principles Master.

The Blood Demon Cave Armor could weaken 90% of the power of an ordinary Ruler’s attack, which was very impressive.

“The protective ability of the Blood Demon Cave Armor is indeed very strong.” Jian Wushuang smiled.

Of course, what really surprised him was not the protective ability of the Blood Demon Cave Armor, but the power of the armor!

The Blood Demon Cave Armor was a treasure armor that combined destruction and slaughter. Like the Blood Crystal Armor, it also contained three levels of power, but these three levels of power were much more heaven-defying than the Blood Crystal Armor.

The first level of power that came with the Blood Demon Cave Armor directly gave the cultivator ten times the power of the pinnacle of the six realm.

The second level of power was a hundred times the power of the pinnacle of the six realm!

The third level of power was 1,000 times the power of an expert at the pinnacle of the six realm!

The pinnacle of the six realm!

Before entering this space and time, he had to use all his strength to barely burst out the power of an expert at the pinnacle of the six realm. But now, just the first level of power of the Blood Demon Cave Armor was activated, it was 10 times the power of an expert at the pinnacle of the six realm. It was too terrifying.

“The power of 10 times the power of an expert at the pinnacle of the six realm should be stronger than that of an expert at the pinnacle of the six realm, but a Ruler definitely can’t compare.” Jian Wushuang was extremely excited. He understood, if he could activate the first level of the power of the Blood Demon Cave Armor, his strength would definitely soar to a whole new level in an instant.

However, as a top-tier universe supreme treasure armor, it was not easy to activate the first level of power.

“The power of the Blood Demon Cave Armor can be activated by the rule of destruction or the power of the rule of slaughter. After all, I have mastered the will of destruction. I wonder if I can activate the first level of power,” Jian Wushuang thought to himself.

Soon, he began to try.

With this attempt, Jian Wushuang found that he could barely activate the first level of the Blood Demon Cave Armor.

Yes, it could be activated.

It was mainly because he had mastered the destruction will. With this destruction will, he barely met the requirements to activate the first level of the power.

“Great!”

Jian Wushuang was overjoyed. He immediately activated the first level of power of the Blood Demon Cave Armor.

In an instant, a faint layer of blood-red energy surged up from the blood-red robe he was wearing and covered his entire body. At this moment, Jian Wushuang immediately felt the power of his power, which had increased by countless times.

“This is the power of the pinnacle of the six realm? This is too strong.” Jian Wushuang clenched his hands and felt the infinite power in his hands.

When he used the heaven-cleaving skill with all his strength, he could barely reach the pinnacle of the six realm in an instant. However, compared to the power he had now, the difference was really too great, a full 10 times.

“If I use the life divine power and the heaven-cleaving skill in my current state, what will happen?”

With a trace of expectation, Jian Wushuang immediately used the life divine power and the heaven-cleaving skill. However, the result after using them made Jian Wushuang somewhat disappointed.

“It seems that I’m overthinking. The power I have now is purely given to me by the Blood Demon Cave Armor, while the life divine power and heaven-cleaving skill try to bring out my innate advantage. This improvement is based on my own strength.”