Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3581: Was Out

Both the life divine power and the heaven-cleaving skill were aimed at his life level. They were aimed at giving full play to his innate advantage in life level.

This improvement was purely determined by Jian Wushuang’s own strength. He was only an Immortal Saint now, but these two secret skills could only give him an additional strength equivalent to two parts of his will. This was already the limit.

Although he now had 10 times the power of the pinnacle of the six realm, this power was given to him by the Blood Demon Cave Armor, not by himself, therefore, the life divine power and heaven-cleaving skill did not make much difference to his strength compared to before.

In other words, after using these two secret skills, his power could only reach the pinnacle of the six realm. In addition to the power given by the Blood Demon Cave Armor, it was 11 times the power of an expert at the pinnacle of the six realm.

“It’s good enough to have such power. I can’t be too greedy,” Jian Wushuang said with a faint smile. Then he glanced at the high platform behind him with a complicated look.

The high platform in the void behind him had trapped him for 97,000 years. It could be said that this period of time was the longest Jian Wushuang had stayed in.

However, during the 97,000 years, he had gained a lot from the high platform, and his strength had soared. It could be said that it was a blessing and a curse.

“I’ve been in this space-time for too long. It’s time for me to leave.”

Jian Wushuang let out a sigh of relief and then flew toward the end of the Golden War God, Wind Demon.

At the end of this space-time, a dark and boundless passage had been opened. After arriving here, Jian Wushuang did not hesitate and directly stepped into the dark passage.

This was still the deepest part of Devil Smoke Valley, but it was no longer an unknown area.

Two figures were moving side by side in the dark and loathsome void.

“Zhan Yun, you heard that not long ago, a pinnacle true treasure was born in the depths of Devil Smoke Valley. The appearance of this pinnacle true treasure was so shocking that it attracted dozens of experts to fight for it. There were even three experts who had reached the limit of the sixth realm. Unfortunately, they did not get the pinnacle true treasure. Instead, it was taken away by the muddy sky Ruler who happened to pass by,” said the gray-robed elder with messy hair.

“Of course I’ve heard about such a big thing,” said the other middle-aged man with darker skin. “Pinnacle true treasures. It’s said that most of the Warriors at the pinnacle of the six realm don’t have pinnacle true treasures. Only a few of them are terrifyingly powerful, have heaven-defying opportunities, or have great backgrounds. Only those at the pinnacle of the six realm can have one, and they are only attack true treasures. Of course, a true treasure at this level would attract people’s covetous eyes. Alas, I don’t know when you and I will also have a pinnacle true treasure.”

“You want a pinnacle true treasure?” The messy-haired old man in gray robe glanced at the middle-aged man. “I don’t have that luxury. As long as I can get one or two top-tier universe true treasures here, I’ll be satisfied. It’d be best if I can get a top-tier true treasure armor.”

“Top-tier true treasure armor? I don’t know if we’ll be able to survive.”

The two of them were talking leisurely, but when they passed by a cliff…

“Huh?”

Their expressions changed, and they immediately looked to the side.

That direction was in the middle of the cliff, and there was a huge black hole emitting endless dark energy.

The black hole even formed an unfathomable vortex, as if it wanted to devour everything around it.

Seeing this huge black hole, the two were not unfamiliar with it.

“It’s the Life and Death Realm!”

“It’s the legendary Life and Death Realm. Ever since this Life and Death Realm was discovered, many experts have entered this Life and Death Realm to roam about. There have even been Ruler Realm experts who have entered, but as long as they enter, no one has ever been able to walk out alive.”

The two of them were somewhat shocked by this enormous black hole in front of them.

Right now, they were only passing by this place. However, they had never thought of entering this realm of life and death to investigate the situation. The reason why they had stopped here was because they had sensed that this realm of life and death…had actually produced a rather large ripple.

“What’s going on? Although this realm of life and death is a realm of certain death, it has been very peaceful for a long period of time. I’ve never heard of any large ripples occurring within the realm of life and death, but now...” The gray-robed old man with messy hair frowned.

“The Life and Death Realm is simply too dangerous. No matter what happens to it, I feel that the two of us should leave as soon as possible,” the tanned-skinned middle-aged man said.

It could be seen that he was indeed too wary of the Life and Death Realm.

“There’s no rush. Let’s wait and see.” The gray-robed old man waved his hand, and his eyes flickered with a light. “There must be something fishy going on. It’s true that the Life and Death Realm is extremely dangerous, but the changes it’s going through could also be a great opportunity?”

“Opportunity?” The middle-aged man was startled.

“Yes, it might be an opportunity, but it might also be dangerous. However, since we’ve encountered such a strange change in the Life and Death Realm, how can the two of us just leave like this? No matter what, let’s take a look first. If we sense something amiss later, we’ll leave,” said the gray-robed elder.

“Mm.” The middle-aged man nodded as well.

The two of them had been adventuring in the depths of Devil Smoke Valley for many years. They had encountered all sorts of dangers before, and they were well aware of the principle of seeking fortune amidst danger.

Under normal circumstances, fortuitous encounters would always be accompanied by danger. However, this change in the Life and Death Realm might be dangerous, but it could also be fortuitous encounters. There was indeed no reason for them to leave just like that.

“Let’s go. Let’s retreat a little further and watch from a distance,” said the gray-robed old man.

The two of them immediately retreated until they were quite far away from the Life and Death Realm. Only then did they stop and watch the Life and Death Realm from a distance.

At this moment, the Life and Death Realm was emitting a greater and greater commotion. The enormous black hole that had formed a vortex began to tremble crazily.

Suddenly, a bloody light suddenly appeared in the originally dark black hole. This bloody light was becoming increasingly dazzling. In the next moment, this bloody light leaped out from the depths of the black hole. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Haha, you have finally come out.”

A hearty laughter reverberated across this place as the bloody light rushed out.

When the gray-robed elder and the middle-aged man saw this scene, they were both stunned.

“This, this is...a human cultivator?”

“The change that happened at the Life and Death Realm was because of him?”

“Did he just walk out of the Life and Death Realm?”

The two were stunned.