Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3602: Return to Star Palace

Temporal Temple Master was the good friend that Star Palace Master invited to pick him up?

This news surprised Jian Wushuang.

“Why, are you surprised?” Temporal Temple Master smiled. “Actually, it’s nothing. Star Palace Master is the sect master of the Seven Star Mysterious Sect. Since our Temporal Temple and the Seven Star Mysterious Sect are in the Divine Beginning Realm, we naturally have some connections.”

Jian Wushuang took a deep breath.

He had met the Heaven Ancestor when he was in the Star Palace. Since the Heaven Ancestor could stay in the Star Palace all year round, he naturally had a good relationship with the Star Palace.

Temporal Temple Master and Palace Master Star Palace were also good friends, and it was obvious that they chose to stand on the Star Palace’s side. This immediately caused many ideas to appear in Jian Wushuang’s mind.

“Temple Master, you mentioned Devil Cloud Star Master to the two Rulers just now. What sect does Devil Cloud Star belong to?” Jian Wushuang asked again.

“This question...” Temporal Temple Master pondered for a moment and said, “This is extraordinary. I’ll take you back to Star Palace first and then talk about it slowly.”

“Okay.” Jian Wushuang also nodded. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He could also see that this so-called Devil Cloud Star was probably his most important enemy.

Soon, the two of them started to return to Star Palace.

With Temporal Temple Master leading the way, Jian Wushuang’s speed was naturally many times faster.

Just a year later, he had already walked out of Devil Smoke Valley and returned to Star Palace.

...

Jian Wushuang stood alone in a magnificent palace in Star Palace. Three figures slowly appeared in front of him.

The three people standing on the far left were the Temporal Temple Master who had just brought him back to Star Palace.

The one standing on the far right was a woodcutter wearing a simple black robe and a bamboo hat. This woodcutter was the Heaven Ancestor, Desolation Emperor, who had taught him how to master the destructive will.

As for the person standing in the middle...he was dressed in a green Daoist robe. His hair and beard were white, and he stood barefoot. He looked like an ordinary Daoist, but he was such a Daoist, however, he was qualified to stand in the middle of the three people. His invisible aura was obviously stronger than that of the Temporal Temple Master and the Heaven Ancestor.

Seeing the Daoist in the middle, Jian Wushuang was shocked.

“Senior Xuan Shen, oh no, it’s Palace Master.” Jian Wushuang immediately bowed respectfully.

That was right, the Daoist in the middle was Xuan Shen, who had helped him to the Divine Beginning Realm!

At the same time, he was the Palace Master of Star Palace. Moreover, the Temporal Temple Master had personally admitted that Xuan Shen was one of the three master-level experts of the Seven Star Mysterious Sect, the sect master of the Seven Star Mysterious Sect!

“Haha, little guy, we finally meet again.” Daoist Xuan Shen looked at Jian Wushuang with a gentle expression, as if he was basking in the sunshine. “You disappeared in Devil Smoke Valley for almost 100,000 years. Even I thought you were dead. At that time, I was sad and disappointed, but fortunately, I survived and my strength increased so much. Haha, this is a big surprise. It seems that Xuan Yi was right about you.”

“You flatter me,” Jian Wushuang said humbly.

In the face of three masters, all of whom were legendary figures in the Divine Beginning Realm, Jian Wushuang would never be able to defeat them, no matter how talented he was, not a hint of arrogance.

“Little fellow, know why I three people want to see you at the same time today?” Daoist Xuan Shen looked down.

“I don’t know.” Jian Wushuang shook his head.

“Actually, I didn’t expect to see you so soon. I just didn’t expect you to improve so quickly. In just 100,000 years, you’ve already reached the strongest level among Principles Masters. Moreover, you’ve already come into contact with Devil Cloud Star. Therefore, after careful discussion, the three of US decided to come to see you together. We’ll tell you the whole story, including the battle that destroyed the Seven Star Mysterious Sect and the biggest secret hidden in the Divine Beginning Realm.” Daoist Xuan God’s expression became serious.

“The biggest secret hidden in the Divine Beginning Realm?” Jian Wushuang was shocked. He raised his head and found that not only Daoist Xuan Shen, but also Temporal Temple Master and Desolation Emperor had grave expressions on their faces.

Jian Wushuang could not help taking a deep breath.

He had been a man for two lifetimes. From his last life, he knew that he had a huge mission on his shoulders. But what was the mission, what he was going to do, and the specific reason for the destruction of the Seven Star Mysterious Sect, he also didn’t know about the secrets hidden in the three great holy regions and the Divine Beginning Realm.

He only knew that he had to do his best to increase his strength and make himself stronger as much as possible. He longed for the day when he was qualified to know all of this. And now, this day had finally arrived.

He was finally qualified to know all of this.

“Little guy, you’ve been in the Universe Battlefield for so long, and you have some understanding of the universe. How much do you know about the universe’s Star Worlds?” Daoist Xuan Shen asked.

“Star Worlds?” Jian Wushuang immediately replied, “I only know that there are different levels of Star Worlds. For example, the Divine Beginning Realm is a third-grade star world, which is the most common one in the universe. A third-grade star world will be counted as a chaos cycle from its birth to its self-collapse.”

“Yes, what you know is common knowledge in the universe. However, there is one thing that you don’t know, which is that there is an initial stage in the process of the birth of any astral world. We call this stage the initial stage...” Daoist Xuan Shen slowly explained.

“The initial stage is equivalent to a baby born a month before we humans are born. The body has not fully grown. At this stage, any bit of wind or rain can cause the baby to die or be severely injured. The same is true for the initial stage of the Astral World.”

“At that stage, the astral world hasn’t started to give birth to any living beings. At most, it’s just an embryo. The embryo is still very fragile. At this time, if an expert with a certain level of strength discovered the embryo, he or she would destroy it with a wave of his or her hand. This would cause the astral world to vanish before it started to give birth!”

“The initial stage?” Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes, he said directly, “Even if a powerful cultivator found the embryo of the astral world, he would not be so bored as to destroy it. After all, destroying an astral world is not beneficial to him.”

“You’re right.” Daoist Xuan Shen nodded.