Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 362: Breaking the Array!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The black-robed Jian Wushuang stood there with his longsword on his back. Now, he could see some buildings inside Holy Emperor Palace and a huge stone tablet in front of the palace gate.

The stone tablet was engraved with three words, Holy Emperor Palace.

The experts of Holy Emperor Palace stood in front of the gate while coldly staring at him.

50 feet away from those experts, Jian Wushuang was being blocked by a transparent energy barrier.

“A Protective Array?”

Jian Wushuang looked at the barrier with his lip curled. Then, the Triple-kill Sword appeared in his hand.

The two towering Sword Soul Phantoms behind him also held longswords.

As his Sword Essence and aura reached their peak... A surge of battle intent flashed in his eyes. Then he launched an attack.

He focused all his Sword Essence and aura into one spot as he attacked.

The two Sword Essence phantoms behind him also attacked with their longswords.

A faint hum of the air being pierced could be heard, but no sword light or sword shadow emerged.

The stroke seemed ordinary.

Suddenly... Boom!

A loud boom roared and a large dent appeared in the transparent energy barrier. Obviously, it was a sword scar.

The Protective Array started trembling and roaring. A surge of power erupted in the dent, causing the sound of it piercing the air. Then, suddenly... Boom!

The transparent energy barrier ruptured.

It was broken!

The Protective Array had been smashed to pieces.

“How could this be possible?”

All the spectators, including the four Holy Masters, widened their eyes.

The Protective Array of Holy Emperor Palace was considered the toughest and the most powerful array in the whole Nanyang Continent.

But just now, it was smashed by a single stroke.

What did that mean?

Jian Wushuang held the Triple-kill Sword while releasing a soaring killing intent. Faced with the broken Protective Array, he just sneered.

Now that he had reached Venerable Master, he possessed a marvelous body. His first-grade magic weapon, the Triple-kill Sword, was also powerful. However, the most important factor that allowed him to break it with one stroke was the sword move he used.

It was the first move of the Heart-killing Sword Technique.

Jian Wushuang spent a lot of time and energy on it and eventually mastered it.

The first move was called Traceless! Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The Heart-killing Sword Technique was the most powerful Sword Skill Sword Ancestor had created!

The power of the first move was stronger than that of any other first-grade sword technique.

He had a powerful body. With the help of Heavenly Creation Skill, he would be a dozen times stronger than an ordinary expert of the Saint Realm when his strength erupted.

Furthermore, he used a first-grade magic weapon and performed his strongest Sword Skill.

With all of this combined, the Protective Array of Holy Emperor Palace could not block the terrifying stroke.

...

Now, Holy Emperor Palace had lost its protection.

The moment Jian Wushuang held the sword in both hands, a soaring killing intent suddenly swept out and he struck another blow.

This casual stroke moved toward the huge stone tablet, slashing through it.

Shua!

The stone tablet, representing the root of the sect, was split in half.

Meanwhile, Jian Wushuang’s cold voice resounded through the whole area.

“After today, Holy Emperor Palace will no longer exist on the Nanyang Continent!”

One sentence was articulated forcefully.

They all trembled with shock.

At this moment, the experts of Holy Emperor Palace, including those four Holy Masters, wore a cold look on their faces.

First Holy Master, who stood at the center of the crowd, glared at Jian Wushuang while saying two words.

“Kill him!”

The moment he finished his words, an overwhelming killing intent swept out.

Upon hearing this, killing intent gushed out from the Elders of the Saint Realm. Then they dashed out and attacked Jian Wushuang from all directions.

These 18 people were truly experts of the Saint Realm.

They worked together to perform a formation.

“That is... Aeon Devil-killing Formation!”

A loud shout suddenly arose from the spectators.

The Aeon Devil-killing Formation was a famous formation in the Nanyang Continent. It could be performed by a group of nine or 18 warriors.

Normally, if the Aeon Devil-killing Formation was displayed by nine experts at the Peak of the Yang Void Realm, they could fight against an expert of the Saint Realm.?If it was performed by 18 experts at the Peak of the Yang Void Realm, they could defeat and even kill an expert of the Saint Realm.

But now, 18 Saint Realm experts were performing the formation.

Many experts present immediately understood how powerful it would be.

“Damn it!”

A blue-robed woman appeared in front of Jian Wushuang.

She was holding a cyan longsword, which was filled with a great power. When she slashed toward Jian Wushuang, a surge of tremendous power gathered onto this cyan longsword, soaring to an incredible level.

Aeon Devil-killing Formation could combine the power of 18 experts, which meant each move they displayed would have the strength of 18 experts.

The blue-robed woman’s attack was filled with the power of 18 experts.

The sword light lashed out with a power that shook the whole area.

The blue-robed woman was a Saint Realm expert who had mastered Third-stage Domain, but the stroke she launched was even more powerful than Second Holy Master’s.

However, Jian Wushuang looked indifferent and calm. As the sword light pierced through the air and appeared before him, he immediately reached out with his left hand at a lightning speed to catch the blade.

...