Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3627: Giving You a Chance

“I’ve never seen such a terrifying gaze from the clan leader.” Red Eye Master was alarmed.

Beside him, Master Yunchen and Shi Yan Master were also throbbing their throats.

“Is this Blood Sword Master courting death? How dare he say such words? Does he not know who he is facing?” Shi Yan Master was secretly amazed.

What kind of figure was the Sky Roc Ruler?

He was a supreme Ruler, an almost invincible existence in this territory.

Such a figure was absolutely high and aloof in this territory.

As for Jian Wushuang? He was just a Principles Master.

Although he was publicly recognized as the strongest Principles Master, he was still a Principles Master. In front of the Sky Roc Ruler, he was still a little guy.

However, this little guy actually pointed at the Sky Roc Ruler’s nose and called him a narrow-minded person in the North Sea Palace. In front of his disciples and juniors, was he not courting death?

Everyone present thought that Jian Wushuang was crazy. They looked at him as if he was a fool.

However, Jian Wushuang did not pay attention to them, he continued, “Master Sky Roc, I know that you are high and mighty, but because of that, you can’t help the Red Eye Master because of your status. Tsk, tsk, this is really embarrassing.”

“Boy, have you said enough?” Master Sky Roc finally spoke. His voice was as cold as ice.

The surrounding air had also been completely frozen, and a faint killing intent had surrounded the space.

“What, do you want to fight?” Jian Wushuang smiled. “If you want to fight, then don’t hold back. Just fight. Let me see what you are capable of, the high and mighty Sky Roc Ruler.”

At this point, a normal person would have already attacked, but Master Sky Roc did not. He narrowed his eyes and stared at Jian Wushuang. He wanted to see through Jian Wushuang, but no matter how he looked at him…he could not figure out what was going on.

“Why aren’t you fighting? I gave you a chance. Are you afraid that if you kill me here, the experts will laugh at you and bully me in your own territory?” Jian Wushuang laughed heartily, “If you’re really afraid, let’s make a bet!”

“You can kill me within 10 breaths. If I die in your hands within 10 breaths, then I deserve it. My Palace Master will not complain about the North Sea Palace, and he will come out and explain to the outside world that I offended you and was killed by you. You don’t have to worry about being called a bully!”

“But if I don’t die in ten breaths, I want what I want. What do you think?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After saying that, Jian Wushuang looked at the Sky Roc Ruler.

But after hearing him, the Sky Roc Ruler’s expression and eyes became calm.

“That thing?” The Sky Roc Ruler smiled faintly. “Sure enough, you’ve said so much, but your ultimate goal is still that thing.”

Jian Wushuang was stunned, and Daoist Xuan God’s heart sank.

The process of meeting the Sky Roc Ruler in the North Sea Palace was discussed by Jian Wushuang and Daoist Xuan God. Their goal was to obtain the Supreme True Treasure Divine Sword of the Sky Roc Ruler.

However, the problem was that the Sky Roc Ruler was an ancient Ruler who had lived for God knows how many years. It was not easy for them to scheme against such a Ruler.

As expected, Master Sky Roc saw through their real purpose at a glance.

“Haha, I admit that my ultimate goal is to get the thing in your hand. But at the same time, Master Sky Roc, do you dare to say that you don’t want to kill me at all?” Jian Wushuang smiled coldly. “I can clearly feel the killing intent that filled this space and time just now. Even now, the killing intent hasn’t completely disappeared.”

“Indeed. Before I met you, I did not have any killing intent toward you. However, I do now.” The Sky Roc Ruler coldly said.

His killing intent had indeed risen.

After all, he was an incomparably aloof Ruler. Over the many years, no one had ever dared to speak to him in such a manner. Moreover, they had even pointed at his nose and scolded him. Even an ordinary person would not be able to endure this, much less him.

In the face of such humiliation, it would be a joke if he did not make a move.

Although he knew that Jian Wushuang was deliberately luring him to make a move, Jian Wushuang’s plan was bound to succeed.

“Boy, just as you said, ten breaths is too long. As a mere Principles Master, no matter how strong you are among Principles Masters, one breath is enough for me to kill you,” said the Sky Roc Ruler.

“One breath? Then I’ll let you do it, Master Sky Roc.” Jian Wushuang smiled happily.

Not only Jian Wushuang, but Daoist Xuan God, who was behind him, looked anxious, but he was also very happy.

Others did not know Jian Wushuang’s real strength, but he knew it very well.

He already had the strength of a Ruler, and he had a divine body that was comparable to an elementary universe supreme treasure and boundless divine power. Such a means and ability...even if Master Sky Roc was given four or four hours…he would not be able to kill Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang had said that he would give the Sky Roc Ruler a chance to kill him in ten breaths. He did not expect the Sky Roc Ruler to say that he would only take one breath?

One breath could only kill Jian Wushuang?

Even if the Devil Cloud Star Master came personally, he might not be able to do so.

However, the Sky Roc Ruler clearly did not know this. Just as Daoist Xuan God had said, he was indeed a supreme figure. Such a supreme figure would be somewhat arrogant or conceited, the Sky Roc Ruler had such arrogance.

He was a Ruler and a superior Ruler. Although Jian Wushuang had restrained his divine power, he could tell at a glance that Jian Wushuang was still at the level of a Principles Master. Since he was only a Principles Master, he could kill him in a breath’s time, of course, he could kill him easily.

Soon, the Sky Roc Ruler made his move.

Rumble!

As the Sky Roc Ruler slowly raised his hand, the world instantly shook, and a world-shaking power instantly gathered in his palm.

The sky collapsed, and the earth shook wildly.

The thousands of fierce beasts on the grassland began to run for their lives.

This was the Sky Roc Ruler. The power formed with just a thought completely exceeded the limits of this special space-time.

Boom!

Suddenly, the Sky Roc Ruler’s finger descended.