Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3652: Certain Death

Because of that furious roar, the Clearwater Villa had become the focal point of the Nine-tailed Clan.

A large number of Nine-tailed Clan Masters who had heard that furious roar had rushed over. When these clansmen saw the Demon Master Sha Sea standing in the void outside the Clearwater Villa, his robes fluttering, and his murderous aura like a rainbow…as well as the ice-cold corpse supported by a Principles Master beside him, they were all greatly shocked.

They all recognized that corpse. It was surprisingly Demon Master Sha Sea’s son, Young Master Sha!

Demon Master Sha Sea was a supreme expert who had reached the pinnacle of Principles Masters. Moreover, this existence had been invited by their Clan Master at a great price, his goal was naturally to deal with the three great celestial races that had already joined forces.

After all, it was the three great celestial races that had joined forces, and their strength was not weak. And although the Nine-tailed Clan’s strength had soared over the years because of Miss Xiao’er, their overall strength was not much stronger than the three great celestial races joining forces. Therefore…if the Nine-tailed Clan wanted to crush the three great celestial races with an overwhelming force and even unify the entire Demon Realm, they would have to have even stronger combat strength joining forces.

An expert at the pinnacle of the six realm could play a decisive role in the battle between the two camps in the Demon Realm.

Therefore, one could imagine how important this Demon Master Sha Sea was to the Nine-tailed Clan.

Not to mention how much Miss Xiao’er had paid in order to invite the Demon Master Sha Sea to the Nine-tailed Clan, just the fact that Miss Xiao’er had silently allowed the Demon Master Sha Sea’s son, Young Master Sha, to act wantonly in the Nine-tailed Clan all these years…one could see just how much Miss Xiao’er valued Demon Master Sha Sea.

It was also because of this that the Nine-tailed Clan usually held Demon Master Sha Sea in Great Reverence. They also kept a respectful distance from his son, Young Master Sha, and did not dare to provoke him. But now...that Young Master Sha was actually dead?

It was no wonder that Demon Master Sha Sea was so shocked and furious.

“Heavenly Sword Marquis, get out here!”

Just as everyone was discussing, Demon Master Sha Sea let out another cold and stern shout.

“Heavenly Sword Marquis?”

Upon hearing this name, many members of the Nine-tailed Clan were shocked again.

Not far away in the void, Miss Xiao’er, who was rushing over, as well as the elders and high-level experts of the Nine-tailed Clan, were also shocked.

Heavenly Sword Marquis’ name, for the Nine-tailed Clan of these clansmen, but will not be unfamiliar.

“Demon Master Sha Sea, you really dare to come.”

Jian Wushuang’s cold laughter echoed in the air. He slowly walked out of the Clearwater Villa and followed behind him, and Zhuo Yunfeng and Luo Xinqin in the Clearwater Villa.

At the sight of Jian Wushuang, Demon Master Sha Sea’s eyes seemed to burst with anger.

“Heavenly Sword Marquis, how dare you kill my son? Not only are you going to die today, but everyone in the Clearwater Villa will die without a burial place. These people in the Clearwater Villa should be your family. Later, I will torture them to death in front of you,” Demon Master Sha Sea said coldly.

“You want to kill me and my family?” Jian Wushuang smirked and said, “You have to be able to do that.”

“I’ll show you. Don’t think that you can do whatever you want in the Divine Beginning Realm just because you have some minor achievements.” Demon Master Sha Sea’s killing intent surged, a large amount of divine power spread out like a tide.

In an instant, a terrifying pressure filled the world.

“Demon Master Sha Sea, stop!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Before Demon Master Sha Sea made his move, many higher-ups of the Nine-tailed Clan had already arrived.

Xiao’er, the current patriarch of the Nine-tailed Clan, and the elders of the Nine-tailed Clan had also arrived in the void outside the Clearwater Villa. When Miss Xiao’er arrived, she took a look at the corpse around Demon Master Sha Sea, as well as Jian Wushuang, who was standing outside the Clearwater Villa, her pupils constricted. She could roughly guess what had happened.

“Clan Master of the Nine-tailed Clan, are you going to stop me?” Demon Master Sha Sea glanced at Xiao’er coldly.

Although Xiao’er was the Clan Master of the Nine-tailed Clan and the Nine-tailed Clan was at their peak, as an expert of the ultimate six realms, Demon Master Sha Sea did not take Xiao’er and the Nine-tailed Clan seriously.

“Demon Master Sha Sea, I’m afraid there’s been a misunderstanding,” Xiao’er said.

“A misunderstanding?” Demon Master Sha Sea sneered, “Heavenly Sword Marquis killed my son and asked his guards to bring his body back for me to see. Is this a misunderstanding?”

“Well...” Xiao’er’s face darkened slightly. Then she looked at Jian Wushuang and asked, “Heavenly Sword Marquis, when did you return to the clan?”

“Just now,” Jian Wushuang replied.

“Did you kill Master Sha?” Xiao’er asked again.

“If you’re talking about the corpse next to Demon Master Sha Sea, I did kill him,” Jian Wushuang admitted frankly.

Hearing Jian Wushuang’s answer, Xiao’er’s face became even more unsightly.

“Nine-tailed Clan Master, you heard it too. Heavenly Sword Marquis killed my son and is still so arrogant. He doesn’t respect me at all. No matter who comes out today, I won’t give him face, and he will die today!”

Demon Master Sha Sea’s voice was cold. As soon as he finished his words, a sharp electric arc suddenly flashed in his eyes.

Whoosh!

Without any warning, Demon Master Sha Sea appeared in front of Jian Wushuang. At the same time, a cold spear stabbed toward Jian Wushuang’s divine body at lightning speed.

It was too fast.

Demon Master Sha Sea was indeed an expert of the six realms in a fierce battle. His attack speed was too slow. The surrounding experts of the Nine-tailed Clan, including Miss Xiao’er, did not react at all.

Miss Xiao’er wanted to stop him, but it was obviously too late.

Moreover, the spear thrust by Demon Master Sha Sea was too fast and too powerful. It was the full-strength attack of an expert of the pinnacle of the six realm, and it had already locked onto Jian Wushuang, it was clear that he did not intend to give Jian Wushuang any chance.

Seeing the spear thrust out like lightning, many of the Nine-tailed Clan patriarchs around were terrified.

The power of the spear alone was enough to frighten many Principles Masters. One could imagine how powerful the spear was.

The spear was aimed at Jian Wushuang.

“Shuang ‘er!”

“Third brother, be careful!”

Zhuo Yunfeng and the others behind Jian Wushuang were shocked. Although Jian Wushuang had said that they did not need to care about Demon Master Sha Sea, now that they saw Demon Master Sha Sea attack personally…feeling the terrifying power contained in the spear, they still began to worry about Jian Wushuang.

However, in the face of this extremely terrifying spear, Jian Wushuang only smiled faintly. He raised his right hand and slowly extended two fingers…