Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 369: I Wait For You!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“It’s too bad! I planned to kill you and take away your Double First-grade Sword Souls, but now it seems I’ve failed.”

Looking at his body, Jiu Xiu shook his head, “You’re at the peak among warriors at the Pinnacle of the Saint Realm. As for my Puppet Fighter, it is too weak to display my full battle strength, so it is unable to kill you.”

It was just a common Saint Realm Puppet Fighter, constructed using special means so that he could control it his own consciousness.

Therefore, he couldn’t display his full power with the Puppet Fighter. Against Jian Wushuang, whose body was so powerful it defied common sense, with strength at the Pinnacle of the Saint Realm, there was nothing he could do right now.

“It seems I have to wait for my next visit to the Nanyang Continent to take away your Sword Soul,” said Jiu Xiu.

“No need.” Jian Wushuang said coldly, “Soon, I will be heading to the Divine Land to kill you.”

“Kill me?” Jiu Xiu sneered and said, “You?”

“Yes,” Jian Wushuang looked at the puppet with a steadfast gaze and spoke in a forceful voice.

“Haha,” Jiu Xiu laughed loudly as if he had just heard a hilarious joke, “A person of narrow view!”

“Do you think you’re still considered a top expert in the Divine Land?”

“Ridiculous!”

“In the Divine Land, there are plenty of ants like you. How could an ant kill me?”

Hearing this, many of the spectators were shocked.

Among the people here, Jian Wushuang was absolutely recognized as the strongest on the Nanyang Continent. However, he was just a weak ant in Jiu Xiu’s eyes.

But Jian Wushuang didn’t get angry when he heard that. Instead, he raised his head, stared at Jiu Xiu, and said, in a deep voice, “Jiu Xiu. There is a saying, maybe you’ve heard it.”

Jiu Xiu turned towards Jian Wushuang.

“Fortune is variant, don’t look down on me just because I’m weak right now!”

Jian Wushuang’s words spread.

“It has been seven years since the first time I successfully gathered Spiritual Power and became a warrior. At that time, even Blood Feather Tower, an assassin organization in our weak dynasty, was an overwhelming force for me, let alone Holy Emperor Palace. However, after a few years passed, I destroyed Blood Feather Tower.”

“Today, Holy Emperor Palace, which is much stronger than Blood Feather Tower, will be destroyed by me as well.”

“Did you ever expect that to happen?”

“You never know what will happen. Now, I’m a nobody. But seven years from now, what will I become?”

Jian Wushuang spoke confidently in a clear, strong voice.

Numerous experts there admired and agreed with him.

He was confident, he should be.

Since he cultivated the Heavenly Creation Skill, nothing was impossible. On top of that, he had even received gifts from the Ancestor’s Land... These benefits allowed him to have limitless potential.

It had only taken him seven years to go from the lowest level warrior to someone who shocked the whole Nanyang Continent.

Who would dare to look down on his potential?

“Hehe, fortune is variant. Since you’ve said so much, I will wait for you.” A cruel light flashed in Jiu Xiu’s eyes.

These simple words were a direct challenge.

After that, Jiu Xiu’s consciousness vanished from the Puppet Fighter.

Just before vanishing, he smiled and said, “By the way, I almost forgot to tell you, your mother has really missed you all these years. Haha”

His consciousness vanished and his Puppet Fighter immediately fell down powerlessly.

Jian Wushuang was shivering with fury, but the light in his eyes was determined and strong.

“I promise, I will go to the Divine Land!”

“Jiu Xiu, wait and see!”

...

Up in the air, it took Jian Wushuang quite a while to calm himself down. At which point he turned towards the experts of Holy Emperor Palace. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

At that very moment, all the experts of Holy Emperor Palace, including those two Holy Masters, looked pale.

No one expected Jiu Xiu to be forced to give up his Puppet Fighter.?But, even though it was strong, it could do nothing to Jian Wushuang.

That meant Holy Emperor Palace had also been abandoned.

To Jiu Xiu, Holy Emperor Palace was just a pawn, so he didn’t care about them at all.

When Jian Wushuang looked at them, eyes full of killing intent, First Holy Master was terrified and trembled. He took a deep breath, then shouted, “Elders of Holy Emperor Palace!”

They turned to face First Holy Master.

“Run!”

“Even if only a few of you can escape!”

Then he looked at Second Holy Master and they both rushed towards Jian Wushuang.

Not only were these experts shocked and stunned, they also looked pale. But only a few of them chose to run away. Most of them followed behind the two Holy Masters and rushed towards Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang had no mercy on them at all. He had easily defeated all four Holy Masters without using his full strength. Now that he was no longer holding back his full strength, regardless of whether it was First Holy Master, Second Holy Master, or the other Saint Realm experts, no one could stop him killing them all.

A massacre!

Ruthless slaughter!

Blood sprayed everywhere, filling the air, and a chilling atmosphere surrounded Holy Emperor Palace.

The massacre lasted for two hours. After which, Holy Emperor Palace quieted down.

Jian Wushuang, bearing the longsword on his back, walked out of the Holy Emperor Palace with no sign of his furious aura remaining.

In the surrounding area, many experts looked at him, filled with terror, fear, admiration, and even worship.

It had been two stunning hours to them.

But it was a nightmare for Holy Emperor Palace.

Holy Emperor Palace became a Demonic Hell during those two hours.

After the battle...

All four Holy Masters had been killed!

The Palace Master and many Elders had also been killed by Jian Wushuang.

Only a few of the senior experts managed to run away and survive.

As for the disciples of Holy Emperor Palace, Jian Wushuang only killed those who decided to live or die together with Holy Emperor Palace.

As of now, Holy Emperor Palace, which had been an overlord on the Nanyang Continent for thousands of years, had been destroyed!

...