Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3689: The Power of a Sword

“Attack!”

The three Rulers from Devil Cloud Star Master moved at the same time.

The tall man who had just collided with Jian Wushuang suddenly swayed, and a burst of dazzling silver light flashed. His body directly turned into a 30-meter-tall silver Sirius, whose entire body was silvery-white, it was filled with a shocking murderous aura.

With a swoosh, the Silver Skywolf directly disappeared in the void. When it reappeared, it was directly in front of Jian Wushuang.

The moment the Silver Skywolf moved, the surrounding space completely froze. In this frozen space, there were transparent space-time spears, which were dozens of feet long, with terrifying piercing power, they shot toward Jian Wushuang from all directions.

As for the child-faced, white-haired elder, he narrowed his eyes and suddenly turned into a dark fog, like a large dark cloud that filled the heaven and earth. With the help of the dark cloud, he completely disappeared from Jian Wushuang’s sight and even soul perception.

As long as there was a chance, the white-haired elder, who was covered by the dark clouds, would certainly attack Jian Wushuang with lightning speed and give him a fatal blow.

It had to be said that the three of them worked together perfectly.

However, no matter how well they worked together, in the face of absolute strength, everything was just empty talk.

“Ridiculous!”

Jian Wushuang smiled coldly. With a flip of his hand, a black magic sword emitting a cold and heart-palpitating aura appeared in his hand.

This black magic sword was the yellow spring.

As soon as the yellow spring appeared, the three Rulers’ expressions changed.

They could immediately sense the terrifying power contained in this black magic sword.

“Supreme treasure magic weapon!”

The three of them were surprised.

Although they were also Rulers and had some background from the Devil Cloud Star, they all had a supreme treasure magic weapon. However, Jian Wushuang was only a Principles Master, it was obvious that he had just made a breakthrough, but he had a suitable supreme treasure magic weapon. Of course, they were surprised.

With the Netherworld Sword in hand, Jian Wushuang waved his sword.

“Disperse.”

Jian Wushuang said softly. The Netherworld Sword in his hand immediately streaked across the surrounding void with endless cold light.

The void around him was completely cut open like a piece of paper, and it spread out with a ruthless black sword shadow.

The space was still shattering crazily.

The ruthless black sword shadow destroyed everything around it.

It was the Wushuang Sword Manual, Star Dream!

The first move of Star Dream was originally used at close range to tear apart the opponent’s defense and cut through the opponent’s divine body.

But now, with absolute strength suppression, Jian Wushuang directly used it across the void while attacking the surrounding void.

For a moment, chi chi chi!

The space-time spear that shot out from all directions was directly destroyed by the black sword shadow.

The dark clouds that filled the surrounding void were also completely swept away by the shocking sword essence of the black sword shadow. The figure of the elder with a child-like face and white hair was completely revealed and even completely locked by the sword essence.

However, whether it was the evil-looking young man who used the space-time spear or the white-haired elder, they were still some distance away from Jian Wushuang. The Star Dream first move of Jian Wushuang was not aimed at them.

But the tall man who transformed into the Silver Skywolf…

He was immediately baptized by the terrifying black sword light.

When the sword light attacked, the Silver Skywolf immediately raised its two sharp claws and mercilessly slashed out like two silver lightning bolts.

But in the end...

The cold black sword light seemed to be unimpeded as it passed through Silver Skywolf’s body.

Silver Skywolf immediately dissipated, and the silver light that filled the sky was completely extinguished.

The tall man’s figure was revealed, but at that moment, his eyes were wide open, and he looked at his chest in disbelief.

A silver true treasure armor appeared there. This silver true treasure armor was at the Pinnacle Universe true treasure level, and its protective abilities were extremely powerful. However, at that moment, there was a deep white mark on this silver true treasure armor, in the deepest part of the white mark, there was a faint trace of blood.

This blood color indicated that his pinnacle true treasure armor had already been cut open by a crack.

It was this crack that had pierced through his godly body, and it had already split his godly body in half.

“With just one sword strike, he tore open a crack in my pinnacle true treasure armor and pierced through my godly body. How is this possible?” The tall man’s face was filled with disbelief.

His godly body had been pierced through, and the godly power in his body had been annihilated crazily. At the first moment, nearly 30 percent of his godly power had been consumed.

This undoubtedly made him even more terrified.

The evil-looking youth and the white-haired elder beside him also noticed the tall man’s condition, and their expressions changed drastically!

Indeed, if they were at their peak, the three of them could fight against an advanced Ruler.

Even though they were suppressed by the Heavenly Dao and could only use 10% of their strength, the three of them could still fight against an ordinary primary Ruler. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

However, the strength that Jian Wushuang displayed at this moment was clearly not only at the level of a primary Ruler.

He tore apart the tall man’s supreme treasure armor with one strike. Although Jian Wushuang was using the most powerful supreme treasure, he needed to be strong enough to tear apart the Supreme Treasure armor with a good weapon, the fact that Jian Wushuang could do this meant that his current strength was no weaker than that of an advanced Ruler.

An advanced Ruler with the most powerful supreme treasure divine sword could not be defeated by the three of them in their current state.

Whoosh!

Jian Wushuang moved like a ghost and attacked again.

This time, he appeared directly in front of the tall man. The black divine sword in his hand stabbed at the tall man’s chest like a Meteor Phantom. A terrifying strangling power suddenly erupted.

It was a seventh-level absolute art, Sword Rainbow!

The tall man could not resist the terrifying speed and penetrating power.

Chi!

The cold blade almost instantly entered the tall man’s divine body through the cracks on his supreme treasure armor.

A terrifying strangling power suddenly burst out.

The tall man’s entire divine body was twisted. His divine power was completely strangled by the sword, and his voice began to fade.

“I didn’t expect that I would die here.”

The tall man’s face was still full of disbelief. He stared at Jian Wushuang with unprecedented fear in the depths of his eyes.

Buzz!

The tall man’s divine body collapsed and his consciousness was completely cut off. All that was left was his interspatial ring and the supreme treasure armor on the surface of his body.

The three Rulers of the Devil Cloud Star, the first Ruler, had been killed by Jian Wushuang’s thunderbolt!