Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3700: Settling Down

The Divine Beginning Realm was a vast and boundless territory.

It was the edge of the endless territory, and beyond it was the core of the Divine Beginning Realm, the Third Heaven.

At this moment, Jian Wushuang had arrived with the people of the Eternal Chaotic World,

“This is it.” Jian Wushuang looked down at the land with a calm gaze.

This territory was still within the endless territory. The cultivation environment here was certainly not comparable to the Third Heaven, but the level of the cultivators here was far from comparable to the Third Heaven.

In this place, a saint could become an Ruler.

A Divine Master was also a top existence in a holy world.

Jian Wushuang naturally would not take a second look at such a place, but it was big enough for the people of the Eternal Chaotic World.

Because of the restrictions of heaven and earth, the most powerful cultivators in the Eternal Chaotic World were only at the ‘Emperor’ Realm, which was only at the Chaos Realm.

The Chaos Realm was an ant in the endless territories.

They still had a long way to go. If Jian Wushuang placed them in the Third Heaven, they could do so because of his existence. However, for the cultivators in the Eternal Chaotic World, they lacked a lot of experience.

What Jian Wushuang wanted now was for the cultivators in the Eternal Chaotic World to have a place to stay after they came out of the Eternal Chaotic World. Then, they could rely on their own abilities to slowly grow and step by step reach the peak.

Therefore, it was undoubtedly the best choice to place the cultivators of the Eternal Chaotic World in the endless territories. Moreover, this place was at the edge of the endless territories, close to the Third Heaven, even if the cultivators of the Eternal Chaotic World grew up in the future, it would be convenient for them to go to the Third Heaven.

With Jian Wushuang’s existence, the people of the Eternal Chaotic World soon occupied a holy world in this territory. This holy world was originally called the Holy World of Allheaven, but after it was occupied by the cultivators of the Eternal Chaotic World, and was renamed the Eternal Realm.

Without a doubt, Jian Wushuang was the leader of the Eternal Saint World. Besides Jian Wushuang, the strongest white emperor was equivalent to the deputy leader. When Jian Wushuang was not around, there were many matters in the Eternal Saint World, it’s up to the white emperor.

The Eternal Saint World was just beginning to be created, and everything was in ruins.

Fortunately, with Jian Wushuang, the number one expert in the primordial chaos, many of the initial steps could be saved.

As for the resources, Jian Wushuang had directly left 20% of the resources from the Three Saint Realms in the Eternal Saint World. This amount of resources was too huge, not to mention the Eternal Saint World, which had just emerged from the Eternal Chaotic World, even building a force that was comparable to the Eight Directions Celestial Sect or the four divine clans would be very easy.

Jian Wushuang gave these resources to the White Emperor, but there were some restrictions. After all, although there were many resources, considering that there would be an endless stream of experts coming to the Divine Beginning Realm in the Eternal Chaotic World, these resources could not be wasted too much.

In addition, Jian Wushuang had left behind many tricks in the Eternal Saint World.

For example, he had personally set up a magic array for the Eternal Saint World.

Because he did not have much knowledge in the field of formation, he had only casually set up the formation. However, his current strength was at the advanced Ruler Realm. Even if he had just casually set up the formation…in the Divine Beginning Realm, no one would be able to break it by force.

In addition, Jian Wushuang had left behind many puppet fighters for the Eternal Saint World.

These puppet fighters were obtained by Jian Wushuang from the experts he had killed over the years, especially the three masters of the Saint Realm and the three Rulers. There were dozens of them in their interspatial rings, he simply took out a few of them and placed them in the Eternal Saint World to ensure its safety.

After leaving some tricks for the Eternal Saint World, Jian Wushuang left the Eternal Chaotic World in the Eternal Saint World and opened up several different passages in the Eternal Saint World, these passages could lead to several important places in the Divine Beginning Realm. Of course, there were also spatial passages leading to the Third Heaven.

In short, Jian Wushuang had left all the necessary things for a large sect. As for how far the Eternal Saint World could go with the things he left behind, he did not know.

He could only rely on the descendants of the Eternal Chaotic World to do well. As for him, although he could protect the Eternal Saint World for now, if the crisis of the Divine Beginning Realm was completely resolved in the future, he would take over the Divine Beginning Realm again, his original body would certainly go to the deeper part of the Eternal Chaotic World to explore.

He would at most pay a little attention to the Divine Beginning Realm, let alone the Eternal Saint World.

After everything was done, Jian Wushuang gave a few instructions to the white emperor and then returned to the Eternal Chaotic World.

He had already sent most of his family and friends to the Divine Beginning Realm. There was nothing left for him to miss in the Eternal Chaotic World.

He came back with only one purpose, which was to hide in the ancient battlefield. It was the last opportunity left for him by his master.

The Heaven Suppression Tablet!

He had heard from the Xuan God Daoist that when the Heaven Suppression Tablet was born, more than a dozen Rulers had participated in the competition, which had even led to the death of the Ruler.

When his master had not obtained the Heaven Suppression Tablet, his strength was only at the initial Ruler Realm. However, after obtaining the Heaven Suppression Tablet and completely refining it, his battle strength was actually close to that of a superior Ruler.

One could imagine how incredible the Heaven Suppression Tablet was.

After knowing this, Jian Wushuang was also quite eager for the Heaven Suppression Tablet.

However, he also knew that a treasure like the Heaven Suppression Tablet was not something that could be easily refined in a short period of time. Therefore, after he came to the Eternal Chaotic World, he did not pay attention to the Heaven Suppression Tablet.

Until now, he had already settled down in the Eternal Chaotic World, and the Three Saint Realms had been completely destroyed. At present, in the Divine Beginning Realm, except for the Sorcerer God’s Sect, which had yet to be destroyed, he did not know when the people from the Devil Cloud Star would come back, so he had nothing else to do.

At this time, he returned to the Eternal Chaotic World and came to the Heaven Suppression Tablet.

The gray stone tablet, which was nearly 30,000 feet tall, stood alone in front of Jian Wushuang.

When he saw the Heaven Suppression Tablet again, Jian Wushuang’s heart was still full of shock. He was even more shocked than when he first saw the Heaven Suppression Tablet under the guidance of Di Shisan.

When he first saw the heaven-suppressing tablet, he was still very weak. He had not even reached the peak of the Eternal Chaotic World. At that time, it was normal for him to not be able to see the truth of the heaven-suppressing tablet. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

However, now that he was standing at the top of the Divine Beginning Realm, the heaven-suppressing tablet still gave him an extremely mysterious feeling that he could not see through.

This was somewhat inconceivable.