Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 372: Setting off to Divine Land!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

This was definitely something good.

Since Icy Heart Poison was virulent, the venom refined from it should be useful.

“Go on,” said Leng Rushuang.

Jian Wushuang nodded and then continued devouring and refining the Icy Heart Poison from Leng Rushuang’s arm.

After gaining experience from the first time, the subsequent attempts were much easier.

Half a day passed in the blink of an eye.

“Twelve drops.”

After the last drop fell into the jade bottle, a smile broke out on Jian Wushuang’s face. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The last of the Icy Heart Poison in Leng Rushuang’s arm had finally been refined and her arm was getting much better as well.

“Thank you,” said Leng Rushuang, as she pulled down her sleeve.

Jian Wushuang shrugged and smiled, then said, “I can only refine the Icy Heart Poison that leaked out. There is nothing I can do about the poison that is sealed.”

“I understand.” Leng Rushuang nodded, then she flipped her hand over, took out a jade slip, and said, “Take this. If you are in danger, break it and I will try my best to help you.”

“Oh?” Jian Wushuang was curious, but he didn’t take it.

“The Icy Heart Poison in my body is still leaking, so I might need to ask for your help again. I don’t want you to die before then.”

Jian Wushuang smiled and took it.

“I’m leaving.”

Jian Wushuang didn’t need to stay any longer. Since he had already refined Leng Rushuang’s Icy Heart Poison, he left the Nature Residence.

After leaving, he went directly to the Tianzong Dynasty.

He would be leaving Nanyang Continent to go to the Divine Land soon. Before that, he had a lot of things to do.

In the imperial palace of the Tianzong Dynasty.

A black figure appeared in the air over the palace, surrounded by a transcendent aura.

“Are you Jian Wushuang?” A mild voice was heard, then a red-robed man appeared.

Following him,?was the Monarch of Tianzong Dynasty, Di Xi.

“Hong Xuzi.” Jian Wushuang looked at him calmly.

Jian Wushuang recognized him. He was the founding emperor of the Tianzong dynasty and the creator of the Formless Sword Art.

“Di Xi,” Jian Wushuang greeted him.

Di Xi bowed slightly to Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang destroyed Holy Emperor Palace on his own. It had spread throughout the Nanyang Continent, with both Hong Xuzi and Di Xi hearing about it. The Jian Wushuang of today was no longer the callow boy of the past.

Now, he was recognized as a powerful force on the Nanyang Continent.

Even it was them, they behaved gingerly while facing Jian Wushuang.

“Seniors, I have come today to ask for a favor. Would you be willing to take care of Sword Marquis Mansion for me?” Jian Wushuang asked directly.

“Take care of Sword Marquis Mansion?” Hong Xuzi realized, “You’re going to the Divine Land, aren’t you?”

“Yes.” Jian Wushuang nodded, then he reached out and handed him an Interspatial Ring, “The assets in the ring are for you.”

Hong Xuzi took it and said, smilingly, “Rest assured, the Tianzong Dynasty will protect Sword Marquis Mansion.”

“Thank you. If something happens that you can’t handle, please send a message to the young master of the Alchemy School, Wang Yuan,” Jian Wushuang said.

After saying that, Jian Wushuang left.

Next, he went to Dragon Palace.

Dragon Palace was the same as before. To Jian Wushuang’s huge relief, Palace Master White, who left Dragon Palace to help him deal with Blood Feather Tower, went back to?Dragon Palace and took back her Palace Master position again after Blood Feather Tower was destroyed.

Dragon Palace was still the Holy Place for cultivators in Tianzong Dynasty.

In a branch of the Gladiator Arena, in Tiannan Province, a white-robed, middle-aged man was reading a thread-bound book in a study room.

He was one of the two men in charge of the branch of Gladiator Arena in Tiannan Province.

Dung! Dung!

Someone knocked and then a golden-robed servant walked in.

“Lord Supervisor, someone sent you an Interspatial Ring.” The golden-robed servant respectfully gave it to him.

“Oh?” The white-robed gentleman raised his eyebrows and took the ring, but his eyes opened widely after a glancing at the contents.

“It, it’s... a Purple Fire Body Shaping Elixir!”

The middle-aged man was shocked. He subconsciously touched his armless sleeve. This Purple Fire Body Shaping Elixir could reform his missing arm.

“Was it him?” The middle-aged gentleman raised his head, showing his handsome face with a smile on his mouth.

The gentleman was someone who had once helped Jian Wushuang immensely, Bai Chong.

He lost an arm while holding back the assassins from Blood Feather Tower for Jian Wushuang. Now, Jian Wushuang had repaid his kindness with a Purple Fire Body Shaping Elixir and some highly sought after treasures for people in the Yin-Yang Void Realm.

Jian Wushuang’s next stop was Sword Marquis Mansion.

It was in midnight and the Sword Marquis Mansion was quiet.

Jian Wushuang wandered through the mansion alone, looking at the familiar surroundings.

He saw the Sword Pavilion, where he once lived...

He wandered around all night, alone and unnoticed, until the next morning. When the sun finally began to rise, he departed.

Inside the Alchemy School.

Jian Wushuang, Wang Yuan and Yang Zaixuan had gathered together.

“Haha, third bro, today we won’t stop drinking until we’re drunk!” Wang Yuan said and laughed.

“Good luck. I will go there and look for you soon.” Yang Zaixuan looked at Jian Wushuang.

“Okay. Cheers.” Jian Wushuang raised his glass.

The three brothers continued to drink for one whole day and night.

Two days later, all the arrangements had finally been completed.

At the very edge of the Nanyang Continent, near the Endless Sea.

“Now that Sword Marquis Mansion is in order, I have nothing left to worry about. So...”

Standing at the shore, Jian Wushuang looked out at the endless sea in front of him.

“The Divine Land!”

“It lies at the very center of this sea.”

“The land of experts!”

“At its peak, the Bloodline of Sword Ancestor was an overlord of the Divine Land!”

“Father also went to the Divine Land!”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes were full of excitement and expectation. Without any hesitation, he flew directly towards the endless sea.