Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3741: Master Qing

Jian Wushuang, who was besieged by the two Rulers, released sword essence and terrifying sword light one after another.

The sword light was swift, violent, ethereal, or as fast as lightning!

Relying on his swordsmanship, Jian Wushuang was not at a disadvantage when fighting against the two Rulers at the same time. Instead, he had completely suppressed the two Rulers.

Yes, he was suppressing them!

Although the Ruler Tyrant Axe’s axe skill was overbearing and powerful, it was not exquisite enough. Previously, Jian Wushuang was able to gain the upper hand in a head-on fight with him. Now, he did not choose to fight head-on, instead, he used his exquisite swordsmanship to fight fiercely with him. With one sword move after another, the Ruler Tyrant Axe could only struggle to resist.

As for Pupil Master, his strength was much weaker than the Ruler Tyrant Axe’s. It was even easier for him to crush Jian Wushuang with a thunderbolt-like method.

Even if it was one against two, the two masters were still no match for him.

“Too strong!”

“One against two, but he suppressed the two masters?”

“Is this the true strength of Blood Sword Master?”

The surrounding Principles Masters were all stunned.

If they had not seen it with their own eyes, they would never have believed that a Principles Master could be so strong.

Now that they thought about what the Tyrant Axe Ruler and Pupil Master had said, Jian Wushuang was only a Principles Master, so his body-protection ability should not be that strong. They could find an opportunity to kill him. It seemed to be a joke.

Both of them had been crushed by Jian Wushuang. How could they find an opportunity to kill him? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Even if Jian Wushuang’s protective ability was not strong, could they touch his divine body?

“How? How could this be?” The Tyrant Axe roared in disbelief.

“This kid’s swordsmanship is so terrifying. When he fought with me 3,000 years ago, his swordsmanship had not reached such a terrifying level,” Pupil Master also hissed.

He did not know that during the 3,000 years, Jian Wushuang had been meditating under the Sword Stone. Although most of the time, he was meditating to perfect the Earth Guard, while he was meditating, his understanding of sword principle was constantly improving, and his swordsmanship was also constantly improving.

In addition, when Jian Wushuang fought with him 3,000 years ago, he did not use his full strength.

If he did not use his full strength, Pupil Master would not be able to resist.

Heaven and earth shook.

Jian Wushuang’s terrifying strength shocked everyone present.

The surrounding Principles Masters who were watching the battle had some illusions about the strongest Flight Type True Treasure, but now that they saw Jian Wushuang’s terrifying strength with their own eyes…even the two Rulers were crushed by Jian Wushuang.

This scene made the Principles Masters lose interest in the black wings.

“The two Rulers were suppressed by Blood Sword Master even when they joined hands. Do we have to wait for the third Ruler to come in person before we have a chance to subdue Blood Sword Master?”

“The third Ruler?”

Everyone was moved.

But at this moment...

“He’s here! The third Ruler is here!” A cry of surprise suddenly sounded.

Everyone immediately looked over and saw a cyan figure appearing in the void in front of the battlefield.

It was an absolute beauty in a cyan robe. Her face was cold as if she did not belong to the mortal world. A faint divine power aura spread from her body.

Although the divine power aura was very weak, everyone present was shocked when they sensed it.

Even Jian Wushuang, the Ruler Tyrant Axe, and the Pupil Master, who were fighting fiercely on the battlefield, were shocked when they sensed the divine power aura.

It was because the divine power aura was much stronger than the divine power aura of an ordinary Senior Ruler.

There was no doubt that the person who came was a Superior Ruler!

“Master Qing!”

“It’s Master Qing from the Heavenly Lake Astral World!”

“It’s her?”

Many Principles Masters around started to tremble.

Master Qing was different from the other Rulers in this astral region. She had been around for a long time and had been famous for a long time.

She was a Ruler who had just risen, and it had only been a million years since then.

And it had only taken her a few hundred thousand years to become one of the top Rulers.

Without a doubt, she was a true genius.

The Heaven Lake Astral World was the same as the Divine Beginning Realm. It was only a third-grade astral world that had yet to reach its peak. However, because of Master Qing’s existence, the countless forces in this astral world did not dare to provoke her.

After all, she was a genuine Superior Ruler.

In this star area, aside from Master Qing, there were no more than five known Superior Rulers who were still in the star area.

Such a Ruler was certainly awe-inspiring.

“Haha, Master Qing is actually here. I don’t have to worry that no one can subdue you.” Pupil Master stared at Jian Wushuang and sneered.

“Humph, even if Master Qing can subdue me, I’ll only give him the black wings. As for Pupil Master and Ruler Tyrant Axe, I’m afraid you two should stop thinking about it.” Jian Wushuang sneered.

Ruler Tyrant Axe and Pupil Master’s eyes immediately darkened.

Of course, they longed for the black wings.

However, what Jian Wushuang said was the truth. Since Master Qing was here, Jian Wushuang would only give her the black wings even if she could subdue him with the strength of a Superior Ruler, he would never give them the black wings.

If Master Qing got the black wings, they would not even have the desire to fight for it.

Snatching a Supreme Treasure from a Superior Ruler? That would be a joke.

“You are the Blood Sword Master.”

Master Qing stood at the edge of the battlefield and did not immediately enter the battlefield. Instead, she stared at Jian Wushuang coldly.

“It’s me.”

Jian Wushuang, Ruler Tyrant Axe, and the other two stopped. Jian Wushuang smiled and said, “Master Qing is here for the wings, right?”

“Yes.” Master Qing nodded. “The strongest Flight Type Supreme Treasure is not something you can have. Hand over the wings, and I promise to give you an Attack type Supreme Treasure, a pinnacle Suppression Type, a pinnacle soul defense type, and a pinnacle Flight Type Supreme Treasure as compensation.”

“Oh?” Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows and nodded inwardly.

It had to be said that Master Qing was quite kind. She did not directly snatch it from the beginning, but was willing to hand over True Treasures in exchange.

Although the price she was willing to pay for the True Treasure was not as high as that of the strongest Flight Type True Treasure, it was still pretty good.

Unfortunately, it was not easy to get a chance to get a Supreme Flight Type True Treasure. Naturally, Jian Wushuang would not let it go so easily.

…