Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3756: Devil Flame Body

“This void has been completely suppressed. I have no way to escape. In a head-on battle, this Blood Sword Master is far stronger than me. Especially when he uses that strange movement technique, I have no way to resist. My divine power is being consumed too quickly.”

“No, I can’t continue like this.”

Pupil Master’s gaze was gloomy.

He understood that if this continued, when his divine power was completely exhausted, he would definitely die.

“There’s no other way. I can only use that treasure.” Pupil Master made up his mind. His eyes were filled with shocking killing intent.

“Blood Sword Master, you forced me to do this.”

With a low shout, Pupil Master flipped his hand and took out an item.

“What did he take out?” Heaven-cleaving Alliance Master and Temporal Temple Master, who were standing in the surrounding void, immediately looked at him.

“Is that...a gourd?” Jian Wushuang also saw what Pupil Master took out.

It was a Blood-Red Gourd that was crystal clear.

At first glance, this Blood-Red Gourd was no different from an ordinary gourd. Jian Wushuang could not immediately sense anything special from it.

However, when Pupil Master looked at the Blood-Red Gourd in his hand, his eyes turned scarlet.

It was a feeling of fanaticism and madness.

It was as if what he was holding in his hand was not a gourd, but an ultimate treasure that could shake heaven and earth. It was enough to make Pupil Master disregard everything.

“Pupil Master is so conspicuous that he was almost forced into a desperate situation by me. At this time, he took out this gourd...what exactly is in the gourd?” Jian Wushuang frowned.

“Haha, baby, my baby, wake up.”

Pupil Master let out a cold laugh, which echoed in the surrounding void. At the same time, he opened the stopper of the Blood-Red Gourd.

Suddenly...a suffocating and terrifying power suddenly burst out of the Blood-Red Gourd.

It was a pitch-black and boundless flame, which was cold enough to make Rulers tremble.

It erupted from the Blood-Red Gourd. In an instant, the void of the Red Cloud World seemed to be unable to withstand the power of this black flame, and it actually collapsed.

Soon after, a large amount of black flame wildly danced, and it actually surged toward Pupil Master’s body.

In the blink of an eye, Pupil Master’s entire body was enveloped by that monstrous black flame, and his body expanded by a full circle.

Buzz!

A suffocating and terrifying aura spread out from Pupil Master’s body, directly suppressing the entire scene.

The impact of this terrifying aura actually greatly affected the magic sand Mystic Light Realm that had been filling the surroundings, greatly reducing the suppression effect of the domain.

“This is?” Jian Wushuang looked at Pupil Master in surprise.

Not only him, but also the Heaven-cleaving Alliance Master and Temporal Temple Master were also shocked.

They could not believe that the person standing in front of them was Pupil Master?

Although his body had completely changed, his aura had undergone a tremendous change. Originally, Pupil Master was only a Primary Ruler, although he was slightly stronger, his divine power aura was at most close to that of a High Ruler.

But now, under the cover of the black flames, this Pupil Master’s Divine power aura had increased by several times. That terrifying and monstrous aura was definitely much stronger than that of an ordinary High Ruler. Even when compared to a Peak Ruler…the difference did not seem to be too great.

Not only his divine power aura, even the Pupil Master’s soul origin aura seemed to have undergone some slight changes at this moment.

“Blood Sword Master!”

A low roar came out of Pupil Master’s mouth. Blue veins popped up on his face, and his face was completely distorted. His eyes were filled with unprecedented anger, “You’re just a Principles Master, but you forced me to use my treasure and summon the Devil Flame Body. Even if I die, I should be proud.”

“Devil Flame Body?” Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes.

“Go to hell.” A fierce light flashed in Pupil Master’s eyes, and the red long staff in his hand was instantly thrown out in anger.

Boom! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The air was forcefully torn apart.

The red long staff, which was emitting an endless destructive aura, burst out with a speed and power that was several times faster than before. In a flash, it appeared in front of Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang was secretly shocked. He could use the Mystic Light Phantom to resist, but on second thought, he chose to swing the Netherworld Divine Sword to meet it directly.

“Starfire Burning Sun!”

Whoosh!

An extremely violent sword light fiercely slashed out and directly collided with the red longstaff shadow.

With this collision, Jian Wushuang immediately sensed the extremely powerful power from the Netherworld Divine Sword.

Under the impact of this power, he staggered back a few steps.

Of course, Pupil Master also retreated, but he only retreated three steps before he stopped again.

“This...” Jian Wushuang was a little confused.

Heaven-cleaving Alliance Master and Temporal Temple Master were also shocked.

Pupil Master was only a Primary Ruler.

5,000 years ago, when Jian Wushuang first met Pupil Master, he could easily defeat him.

The second time they met was during the battle for the Celestial Light Wings. Jian Wushuang could easily defeat him with the help of Ruler Tyrant Axe.

In terms of strength, Jian Wushuang was much stronger than Pupil Master.

Everyone knew this.

But now?

Jian Wushuang had a head-on collision with Pupil Master, but Pupil Master had the slight advantage?

The moment Pupil Master used the Devil Flame Body, his strength had increased to such an extent?

“He seems to have grasped more power than me. There’s no need to fight him head-on.”

Although Jian Wushuang was shocked by Pupil Master’s sudden increase in strength, he was still calm. He quickly attacked again.

This time, he did not choose to fight the Pupil Master head-on. Instead, he used the Mystic Light Phantom and used his movement skills to move around and attack the surroundings.

The strength of the Pupil Master, who was possessed by the Devil Flame Body, had increased dramatically. He was almost a Superior Ruler. However, even though his strength had greatly increased, he was still a living target in front of Jian Wushuang’s terrifying movement skills.

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish!

Streams of cold sword light mercilessly bombarded Pupil Master’s body.

Just like before, Pupil Master was completely unable to withstand Jian Wushuang’s swordsmanship.

However, with the Devil Flame Body, the layer of black flames on the surface of his body also contained an extremely powerful protective effect.

Any attack from Jian Wushuang would be weakened by the layer of black flames, and the damage to the divine body of the Pupil Master would be even less.