Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3760: Ruler Hong

In the void, Jian Wushuang, the Heaven-cleaving Alliance Master, and the Temporal Temple Master were chatting casually.

The Heaven-cleaving Alliance Master and the Temporal Temple Master were both praising Jian Wushuang’s amazing innate skill.

Jian Wushuang knew that the innate skill given by the universe principles was indeed terrifying. After using the primitive universe, his strength could increase to the level of a Superior Ruler in a short period of time. In addition, he could also use the Mystic Light Phantom movement technique, under normal circumstances, he could easily kill a Superior Ruler.

It was because of this trump card that he dared to say that he had a 60% chance of killing Pupil Master.

“Eh? Ruler Hong is here.” Jian Wushuang suddenly raised his head.

Heaven-cleaving Alliance Master and Temporal Temple Master also looked toward the void not far away. There, a figure rushed over and appeared in front of them in the blink of an eye.

Ruler Hong had rushed over in a hurry.

He was a man of his word. In this Star Field, his character was well known.

Even though Ruler Hong didn’t like many things that the Pupil Master had done in this Star Field, he didn’t have much of a relationship with Ruler Hong before.

However, it was a fact that he owed the Pupil Master a favor.

That favor was in a dangerous place in the Quicksand Demon Realm, one of the three battlefields. They met halfway and were both involved in a great crisis. In that crisis, Ruler Hong almost died, it was Pupil Master’s help that allowed him to escape.

Ruler Hong had always remembered this favor.

Therefore, when he was adventuring in the Third Continent and learned that Pupil Master was besieged by Jian Wushuang, the Heaven-cleaving Alliance Master, and the Temporal Temple Master, he rushed here as fast as he could.

......

His purpose was to save Pupil Master and return the favor.

However, when he arrived in the void, there were only Jian Wushuang and the other two in front of him.

“Heaven-cleaving Alliance Master, Temporal Temple Master, the Principles Master with the sword on his back should be Blood Sword Master. They are all here, but what about Pupil Master?” Ruler Hong narrowed his eyes and stared at the three in front of him, he had a bad premonition.

“Ruler Hong, you are here for Pupil Master, right?” Jian Wushuang looked at Ruler Hong and said with a smile, “Unfortunately, you are too late. Just now, Pupil Master was killed by the three of us.”

“Killed?” Ruler Hong was shocked and said, “Pupil Master was killed by you?”

“Why? Don’t you believe me?” Jian Wushuang smiled and took out something. “This thing in my hand was left by Pupil Master. Ruler Hong, you must know it.”

Jian Wushuang took out Pupil Master’s most powerful Attack Type True Treasure, the red long stick.

Seeing the red long stick, Ruler Hong’s Pupils constricted. He no longer had any doubts.

Since Jian Wushuang had taken the Supreme Treasure magic weapon he had used, Pupil Master was naturally dead.

“As soon as I got the news that Pupil Master was killed by the three of you, I rushed here as fast as I could. I thought that with Pupil Master’s strength and skills, he would be able to hold out for a long time before I arrived. I didn’t expect that I would be late in the end.” Ruler Hong sighed softly.

He was also quite surprised.

He knew more or less about Pupil Master’s strength and methods. He had even seen him use his most powerful trump card once.

He knew that even a superior master might not be able to kill Pupil Master.

However, he was surprised that the three of them had killed Pupil Master together.

“Ruler Hong, I heard that you owe Pupil Master a favor. You came here to save him. But now that Pupil Master has died in our hands, do you want to avenge him?” Jian Wushuang suddenly asked.

“Revenge?” Ruler Hong shook his head, but his expression was extremely cold, “It’s true that I owe Pupil Master a favor, but it doesn’t mean that I have a deep friendship with him. This time, when I knew that he was in danger, I rushed here immediately. Although I didn’t save him in time, I did my best to repay him.”

“As for who killed him, it has nothing to do with me. Naturally, I can’t avenge him.”

Ruler Hong said this with a clear conscience.

He did try his best to come to the rescue as quickly as possible, but he couldn’t be blamed for not being able to catch up.

As for avenging Pupil Master, it was certainly impossible.

“Since the dust has settled, I’ll stay a little longer. Farewell, the three of you.” Ruler Hong cupped his hands to Jian Wushuang and the other two, then turned and left.

“Ruler Hong is very direct.” Jian Wushuang could not help but laugh. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Haha, although Ruler Hong owes Pupil Master a favor, he is a good person. Many Rulers in this Star Field look down on Pupil Master. They think that Pupil Master doesn’t care about his status at all, which is a disgrace to the Rulers. I’m afraid Ruler Hong is no exception.” Temporal Temple Master laughed.

“He came to save Pupil Master because of that favor, but in his heart, he probably doesn’t think much of Pupil Master.”

“I guess so.”

Jian Wushuang and Heaven-cleaving Alliance Master looked at each other and smiled.

“Well, Pupil Master is dead. We’ve achieved our goal. Let’s leave this place first,” Jian Wushuang said.

The three of them immediately withdrew the suppression and Temporal seal on the surrounding void and left.

…

In the Red Cloud World, when Jian Wushuang, the Heaven-cleaving Alliance Master, and the Temporal Temple Master ganged up to kill Pupil Master, they caused quite a stir. Many Principles Masters had already noticed it.

Because of the nine-dragon heaven-slaying formation, these Principles Masters were far away from the battlefield and could not record the scene of the battle through a mirror image. However, the battle was about to end, they could all sense it.

Pupil Master died in this battle.

The news spread throughout Red Cloud World and even the entire Star Field.

Red Cloud World and countless great beings in this Star Field were shocked when they heard the news.

“What? Pupil Master is dead?”

“How is that possible? Not only is Pupil Master a powerful low-level Ruler, but he also has a Supreme True Treasure Armor protecting him. Even a top-tier Ruler might not be able to kill him, right?”

“I know, right? But Pupil Master didn’t die at the hands of a top-tier Ruler. Instead, he died at the hands of Blood Sword Master, Heaven-cleaving Alliance Master, and Temporal Temple Master.”

“It is said that Blood Sword Master and the other two had set up a trap in advance to suppress the void space. At the same time, they had completely sealed the space and time, so Pupil Master didn’t have any chance to escape. Then the three of them worked together and fought for more than an hour before they killed Pupil Master.”