Chapter 3771: Battle Strength of a Superior Ruler ?

The Mystic Light Phantom movement technique was too terrifying. Once it was used, even the Doom Ruler could not keep up with Jian Wushuang’s speed. He was easily suppressed by Jian Wushuang.

What followed was a complete one-sided suppression. The Doom Ruler could not even find a chance to fight back.

Therefore, the Ruler admitted defeat after a short while.

From then on, the number one person under the Superior Ruler became Jian Wushuang.

In the 7500th year since the Red Cloud World opened, Jian Wushuang finally met a Superior Ruler on the First Continent.

This Superior Ruler was Master Kong.

He was a Superior Ruler with monstrous fame and terrifying strength.

Sky Master also had a great force under his command. This force was no weaker than the Northern Sea Palace led by Sky Roc Ruler. It was even slightly stronger than the Northern Sea Palace to a certain extent.

Moreover, Sky Master was decisive in his killing. He rose up in the midst of a bloody storm and stepped on countless corpses. He might not be stronger than Sky Roc Ruler in terms of strength, but there was no doubt that he was more awe-inspiring or feared than Sky Roc Ruler. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Jian Wushuang had heard that Sky Master was adventuring on the First Continent, so he had rushed there. When he encountered Sky Master, he was overjoyed and immediately went up to challenge him.

As a Superior Ruler, Sky Master was proud of his status and would not trouble the weak. However, if anyone dared to provoke him, he would kill them without mercy.

...

Therefore, when he saw that Jian Wushuang had taken the initiative to challenge him, he did not hesitate to attack.

The battle was extremely dark, and many people were watching.

The final result of the battle shocked everyone.

Before the battle between Jian Wushuang and space master, almost everyone thought that the battle was one-sided. After all, Space Master was a Superior Ruler and had been famous for a long time.

As for Jian Wushuang, although he had extraordinary combat strength and was known as the number one person under a Superior Ruler, he was only a Principles Master?

In many people’s eyes, no matter how powerful a Principles Master was, there must be a limit, right?

It was already incredible that he could defeat a Superior Ruler. As for fighting against a Superior Ruler, almost no one thought so.

In fact, in this battle, Jian Wushuang used all of his strength and secret skills at the same time. He also activated 30% of the Magic Dragon Power in the Dark Gold Magic Dragon Armor, which instantly increased his power to the level of a Superior Ruler, his swordsmanship was also extremely powerful. With the help of the Mystic Light Phantom movement technique, he was not at a disadvantage in a short time.

Of course, Sky Master was still strong. After fighting Jian Wushuang for a while, he finally used his full strength and secret skill to suppress Jian Wushuang.

But he was only barely able to suppress Jian Wushuang.

Sky Master also realized that he could not defeat Jian Wushuang directly.

In the end, after fighting for nearly an hour, they finally stopped.

After the battle ended, Sky Master announced to the public that Jian Wushuang already had the battle strength of a Superior Ruler.

Once the news was spread, the entire Red Cloud World was in an uproar.

After all, Jian Wushuang was only a Principles Master?

This was confirmed by several Superior Rulers. Even the Superior Rulers agreed that Jian Wushuang was only a Principles Master, so he naturally could not hide his cultivation with secret skills.

It was indeed shocking that a Principles Master had the battle strength of a Superior Ruler.

In the vast void above the First Continent, Jian Wushuang was slowly moving forward. At the same time, he was chatting with the Heaven-cleaving Alliance Master, Temporal Temple Master, and Daoist Xuan God.

“My young friend, you don’t know that the entire Red Cloud World and even the entire Star Field have been completely shocked. Although I’m in the Star Palace, many Rulers have sent me messages to build a good relationship with me. In particular, the leaders and Rulers of some forces in this Star Field have congratulated me and also come to build a good relationship with my Star Palace.”

“To be honest, my Star Palace has existed in this Star Field for quite some time now. It has a certain status within this Star Field, but amongst the many powers of this Star Field, it can only be considered average. But now, it’s completely different.” Daoist Xuan God laughed loudly.

“Haha, this is very normal. Although there are a few Rulers in this Star Field, there are only four or five Supreme Rulers. At most, there are six or seven. Any Supreme Ruler can do whatever they want within this Star Field, and no one dares to offend them. Previously, my Star Palace relied on us to hold down the fort. At that time, I, Heaven-cleaving, and the Heaven Ancestor had yet to publicly declare our stance. It can be said that you, Xuan God, are the only Ruler in the Star Field. Naturally, not many people or powers would take you seriously.”

“However, now that we’ve made our stance clear, the Star Palace has suddenly gained a few more Rulers. More importantly, our Heavenly Marquis friend is now publicly acknowledged as having the battle prowess of a Peak Ruler. With a Peak Ruler in the Star Palace, who would dare to underestimate it?” The Temporal palace master laughed loudly.

“That’s right. A Peak Ruler is different from ordinary elementary Rulers and Advanced Rulers. This is the strongest battle prowess in this Star Field. With such a battle prowess, no one in this Star Field would dare to provoke the Star Palace. If we have a bit of ambition, we can easily become a Peak Ruler in this Star Field, just like the Northern Sea Palace.” The Heaven-cleaving Alliance Master added.

The North Sea Palace was one of the overlords of this Star Field. It was led by the Superior Ruler, the Sky Roc Ruler, and had two Rulers under its command. Moreover, the North Sea Palace had a very deep foundation.

However, the current Star Palace had more Rulers than the North Sea Palace. Jian Wushuang was also in charge of the battle strength of the Superior Rulers. They were not weaker than the North Sea Palace at all. What they lacked was the foundation and the battle strength of the Principles Master level.

However, the foundation could be plundered. For example, they could destroy some other forces and plunder resources.

The Principles Master was even easier to deal with. After Jian Wushuang’s fame spread, many experts would be eager to join the Star Palace. As long as the Star Palace was willing, they could easily gather a large group of Principles Master experts.

Hearing their conversation, Jian Wushuang only smiled faintly.

Although the entire Star Field was saying that he was the most terrifying monster in the history of this Star Field and that he had the battle strength of a Superior Ruler at the level of a Principles Master, in fact, Jian Wushuang knew very well that his master, Xuan Yi, had…at the level of a Principles Master, he also had the battle strength of a Superior Ruler. However, not long after Xuan Yi had that battle strength, he died and did not have the time to show his strength in this Star Field, therefore, not many people knew about this matter.

In other words, he was not the number one genius in the history of this Star Field. At the very least, his master was ahead of him.