Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 383: Visiting the Luo Family!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Inside the courtyard, Jian Wushuang sat at a stone table, looking at Lin Lan, who was practicing sword arts.

Each move she brandished moved the power of heaven and earth and contained World Origin.

“Have a break.” Jian Wushuang suddenly said.

“Master.” Lin Lan stopped and looked over at Jian Wushuang.

“You’re quite good at Sword Principle but weak at offense.” Jian Wushuang said, “I know a Sword Skill of World Origin, not recorded in an origin manual. I will demonstrate this now. Look carefully.”

Jian Wushuang showed it right away.

What he displayed was a superior second-grade sword technique, called Sword World.

Jian Wushuang had been staying in the Sword Tower of Ancestor’s Land for a whole year and meditated on a lot of Sword Skills, including some Sword Skills of World Origin, among which Sword World was at the highest grade.

In a moment, Jian Wushuang finished the first three movements of Sword World. He explained each move while performing, so as to help Jian Lan understand it more deeply.

“That’s it. Practice and study by yourself and come to me if you have any questions.” Jian Wushuang said.

“Yes.” Lin Lan nodded.

While at this moment... they heard some footsteps. Lei Yun hurriedly ran in.

“Miss Lan’er, Mr. Swordsman.”

Lei Yun went in the courtyard and bowed, said, “Luo Hai, of Luo family, comes!”

“What?” Lin Lan was surprised.

Jian Wushuang also frowned slightly.

Lots of footsteps and other voices came from outside.

“Master Luo Hai, it’s a misunderstanding.”

“Misunderstanding? She has refused in public, what do you want to explain?”

“Master Luo Hai, it’s not what you think, we didn’t mean to.”

“Hum, I don’t care. I want to know how dare she refuses the engagement.”

The voices were getting louder. Soon many people rushed into the courtyard. First came an unruly, insidious and supercilious man, followed by a purple-clothed elder who had already reached the Saint Realm.

Lin families including Lin Xian and First Madam also walked in and then stood aside. Lin Xian looked embarrassed, while First Madam’s face was cold with cruelty in her eyes.

As soon as he rushed into the courtyard, Luo Hai was surprised to find that Lin Lan was beautiful, “I heard you were a beauty. You really are, and you are also a genius. I like this.”

Luo Hai said with an evil smile.

“What does Master Luo Hai come for?” Lin Lan asked coldly.

“Hehe, of course I came for our engagement.” Luo Hai said evilly.

“Sorry, I have never promised to marry you,” said Lin Lan.

“I don’t care. No one can refuse me. Since your family has promised, you have to marry me.” Luo Hai’s face fell and said, “Elder Wu, take the girl away immediately. I’m interested to see who dares to stop me.”

“Yes,” nodded the purple-clothed elder beside Luo Hai.

“Master Luo Hai, you can’t!” People of the Lin family were shocked. But before they stopped him, the purple-clothed elder had already taken action.

“Young lady, you’d better go with us.” The purple-clothed smiled coldly and said. Then he went to Lin Lan in a blink, reached out his shriveled hand and tried to catch Lin Lan.

However, at the same time, Jian Wushuang moved too.

Before the purple-clothed elder reached Lin Lan, a black-robed young man, wearing a Long Sword on his back, stood in the way.

The cold young man waved his sleeve and said, “Scram!”

He shouted with a huge power blasting out of his sleeve.

“What?”

Feeling a huge impact force coming to him, the purple-clothed elder was attacked. Immediately he spat out blood and landed heavily on the wall. The wall was destroyed.

All experts of Lin family felt a sudden throb in their heart after seeing that.

Such an easy wave of a sleeve, seriously injuring a Saint Realm expert at Third-stage Domain.

How terrifying was his strength?

After beating back the purple-clothed elder, Jian Wushuang shot a cold sight and flashed before Luo Hai.

Boom! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

An incredibly strong killing intent surrounded Luo Hai.

His brain was in a buzz, eyes opened widely and standing still in shock, he wet his pants.

“A good-for-nothing.”

Jian Wushuang looked down at Luo Hai with distain. Then Luo Hai heard a deep voice, “We did deal with the engagement in an improper way. Tomorrow, I will take my disciple to your mansion and apologize to Luo family. Now, you can go.”

After saying that, the killing intent on Jian Wushuang vanished and Luo Hai came to himself.

“Go, let’s go!”

Luo Hai had already been scared silly. He took the purple-clothed elder and staggered out of the Lin family at once.

Witnessing what had happened, people of the Lin family couldn’t help marveling at him.?Master of Lin family, Lin Xian apologized, “Mr. Swordsman, it’s our fault to be thoughtless about Lan’er marriage. Sorry to bring you trouble.”

“Trouble? No. I’m afraid we fell prey to a plot.” Jian Wushuang’s voice was cold.

“Fall prey to a plot?” Lin Xian was confused.

“The news spreads so quickly. It took Luo Hai only half a day to receive the news and arrived here.” Jian Wushuang sneered and shot a cold look at First Madam.

First Madam was alarmed. Before she opened her mouth to explain for herself, a wind blew over, Jian Wushuang went to her and squeezed her neck, pulling her up.

“Mr. Swordsman!” All of them were startled.

“Hum.”

Jian Wushuang snorted. He threw First Madam on a stone table, which smashed the table at once.

“Lan’er, to kill her or not depends on you!”

Looking at First Madam lying on her deathbed, Lin Lan’s eyes flashed coldness but more hesitation.

She squatted,?and after a wave of her hand, First Madam’s Dantian was shattered.

“You have persecuted me many times and made me suffer, thinking it was better to die than to live. Today, I will pay you back by destroying your Dantian!”

Jian Wushuang didn’t stop her.

“Tomorrow, I will take you to Luo family.”