Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 384: Breaking off The Engagement

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Luo family, one of the Six Families in Iron Saber Territory.

Being a large family, Luo family possessed a much richer base and greater background compared to the Lin family.

It had dozens of Saint Realm experts, even three in Pinnacle of the Saint Realm.

Two figures were approaching the Luo family’s mansion, a young man and a young beauty. Each wore a long sword on his and her back. Judging from their appearance, they were about the same age.

People thought they were brother and sister at first sight, but never had imagined that they were Master and disciple.

“Master, Luo family is one of the Six Families in Iron Saber Territory. If we go inside and break off my engagement like this, it will bring shame to them...” Lin Lan frowned slightly.

“I thought you didn’t care.” Jian Wushuang blinked his eyes. He shook his head, smiled and said, “You have refused it in the presence of so many people, what’s the difference?”

Lin Lan lowered her head.

“Let’s go inside first.”

Soon Jian Wushuang and Lin Lan arrived at the void in front of the Luo family’s mansion.

“Swordsman, coming to visit.” Jian Wushuang’s voice spread.

Immediately dozens of figures flashed out in the void.

“Are you Swordsman?”

The voice of an elder who had a cold face and looked like Luo Hai said. It was the Great Elder of Luo family, Luo Shan.

Standing beside him was a middle-age man with a solemn look, Luo family’s Master, Luo Hong.

Another one who drew people’s attention was, a strapping man wearing a purple saber on his back, standing by Luo Hong’s side.

They knew why Jian Wushuang had come, so they didn’t look happy.

“Dear gentlemen, I’m here to ask for a favor. My disciple is unwilling to marry Luo Hai. Therefore, can we break off the engagement?”

“In compensation, here is an Interspatial Ring with lots of treasures and elixirs in it.”

Jian Wushuang gave it to them.

Taking the Interspatial Ring, Luo Shan didn’t even look at it. He said in a deep voice, “So easy for you?”

“So what do you want?” Jian Wushuang said coldly.

“Simple.” Luo Shan said, “Where are the Three Protectors!”

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Three figures appeared before Jian Wushuang.

Two men and one woman, all reached the Saint Realm and the third stage of Domain. One step further, they would walk into Pinnacle of the Saint Realm.

“Strength speaks!” said Luo Shan.

“Swordsman, if you want to break off the engagement, defeat the Three Protectors first.”

“Otherwise, we will not accept any compensation.”

“Oh?” Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows and a smile appeared on his face.

“Please.” Jian Wushuang calmly looked at the Three Protectors.

They looked at each other, nodded secretly. The next moment, they moved towards Jian Wushuang.

Boom!

A purple Flowing Light flashed like a ghost and rushed towards Jian Wushuang’s head directly.

Too fast. A normal Saint Realm expert would not be able to react to it.

Experts of Luo family stood in the void and calmly watched.

“The Three Protectors have been together for years and they cooperate very well. They can even battle an expert at Pinnacle of the Saint Realm. Therefore, it couldn’t have been better to be able to test Swordsman’s strength with them.” Luo Hong, Luo family’s master, said with a smile.

Being one large family, not only did the Luo family had deeper and stronger background, but it had a wiser and more farsighted Master than Lin family.

Actually, after hearing the news yesterday, they had discussed how to test Jian Wushuang with the Three Protectors. If Jian Wushuang defeated them, it proved that Jian Wushuang’s battle strength was in Pinnacle of the Saint Realm.

And they would like to do him a favor, accepting the compensation peacefully.

However, if he was defeated, they would make it difficult. He should understand that to refuse the engagement with Luo family, one of the Six Families, one would need to pay something.

Thwack!

A loud thump sounded. Jian Wushuang attacked the purple Flowing Light.

Jian Wushuang fought back with a naked fist. After seeing this, many experts were shocked. But the strapping man standing beside Luo Hong was interested.

“Such a strong body.” He gasped with admiration.

After the thump, Jian Wushuang motivated his Force of Gale and Thunderbolt. Then three residual shadows appeared in the void and beat the Three Protectors back.

Clearly, Jian Wushuang was the winner.

The Three Protectors got back on their feet and looked, aghast, at Jian Wushuang.

In a flash, he defeated all three.

Too fast. Too easy.

They were far weaker than Jian Wushuang. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“He...” Experts of Luo family were stunned.

“Stage-two!” Luo Hong, Luo family’s Master, said with a grim look on his face, “Swordsman, his battle strength should be in stage-two.”

“Yes.” The strapping man beside agreed with interest flashed in his eyes.

Then Luo Hong said, “Your strength impressed us. I agree to break off the engagement.”

“Thank you,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile and felt relieved.

He thought they would tangle with Luo family and have a fierce fight with them. But it seemed Luo family was much wiser.

But at this moment…

Whoosh!

A figure suddenly showed up in front of Jian Wushuang. It was the strapping man wearing a saber on his back and standing beside Luo Hong.

“Mr. Lei Dao, what do you...” people of Luo family were confused.

Staring at Jian Wushuang, Lei Dao’s battle intent slowly increased.