Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 387: Iron Saber Lord

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Iron Saber Army? More than ninety percent of the top experts in the Iron Saber Territory are gathered there?” Jian Wushuang showed his interest.

“How about my suggestion? Would you consider it?” Lei Dao looked at Jian Wushuang with a smile.

“I don’t need to consider. I’ve decided. I’ll go to the Iron Saber Army!” Jian Wushuang directly answered.

He was naturally belligerent. The place where experts gathered like the Iron Saber Army was just what he dreamed of. Therefore he did not need to think about it.

” I guessed that you would be interested.” Lei Dao laughed brightly, and then he raised his glass, “Come, Swordsman! Let’s have a drink!”

Jian Wushuang also raised his glass with a smile.

And just as Jian Wushuang and Lei Dao were drinking and chatting, a strange energy fluctuation suddenly came from the nearby courtyard. Ong~~~

“Well, this is?” Both Jian Wushang and Lei Dao were surprised, then they immediately moved their bodies and appeared in the void.

Through the void, the two could clearly see Lin Lan in the courtyard, whose breath had surged up.

“Divine Transcendence?” Jian Wushuang’s eye were brightening.

“Haha, Swordsman, congratulations! You’ve accepted a good disciple.” Lei Dao congratulated Jian Wushuang at once.

Jian Wushuang responded with a smile. Actually, he was very happy to see that.

Lin Lan was extremely talented and had been qualified to pursue the Saint Realm even two years ago. However, due to the Witch Poison, she had not successfully broken through. Instead, her Realm had fallen drastically. Now, the Witch Poison had been removed by Jian Wushuang. When Lin Lan’s Realm had recovered, she was naturally closer to the Saint Realm. Actually, there was only a paper thin barrier to cross.

As soon as the thin piece of paper was broken, Lin Lan naturally passed through.

Before long, the aura of Lin Lan in the courtyard slowly calmed down, and her eyes opened. She looked up at Jian Wushuang and bowed respectfully, “Master.”

“Good.” Jian Wushuang responded with a slight smile, stepping down with Lei Dao. “I thought it would take some time for you to break through the Saint Realm again after your strength was recovered, but now it seems I have really underestimated you.”

“It’s all due to Master removing the Witch Poison for me. Otherwise, I would never break through the Saint Realm. I’m afraid it wouldn’t have been long before I fell into the Primordial Gold Core.” Lin Lan was humble but confident.

“I can only help you this time. In the future, you have to rely on yourself.” Jian Wushang glanced at Lin Lan, and said, “I have promised to Brother Lei Dao that I would go to the Iron Saber Lord and join the Iron Saber Army. What about you? What’s your plan?”

“Me?” Lin Lan frowned. And then, she relaxed and seriously said, “I intend to travel the world by myself?”

“Oh?” Jian Wushuang nodded quietly. “That’s all right. I will always be busy cultivating, and have no time to arrange for your practice. If you continue to follow me, it may not be a good thing.”

After saying that, Jian Wushuang turned his palm upside down and gave an Interspatial Ring to Lin Lan. “Inside the Interspatial Ring, there are some treasures you may use. You take it. In the future, when you travel around the world yourself, you should take care and never lose your life.”

“Thank you so much, Master.” Lin Lan accepted the Interspatial Ring, and nodded respectfully.

“Go!” Jian Wushuang waved his hand.

Lin Lan knelt down at this moment and kowtowed heavily three times towards Jian Wushang, and then directly left.

“She is such a beautiful disciple. You don’t let her stay with you, but just let her leave alone?” Lei Dao playfully looked at Jian Wushuang.

“Young eagles can only fly when they spread their wings!?What’s more, I am a big man and if I’m always followed by a beautiful female disciple, what does it mean??” Jian Wushang spread out his hands.

“You are aware?” Lei Dao glanced at Jian Wushang, followed by a somewhat strange question, “In fact, I wonder how old you are. Your strength is so powerful, so you should be old, but you look so young!”

“This is... a secret.” Jian Wushang smiled slightly and did not answer to him.

“That’s ok if you don’t want to say.” Lei Dao curled his mouth. “Let’s go! I’ll lead you to see the Lord of the territory!”

Before long, Jian Wushuang set out with Lei Dao, going to the place where the Iron Saber Lord lived.

...

The Iron Saber Territory was very vast, which was somewhat larger than the Nanyang Continent.

Iron Saber Lord lived on a long mountain range, on which there were many buildings.

Jian Wushang and Lei Dao moved at full speed, but it still took three full days before they arrived.

“Swordsman, you’ll see the Lord of the territory at once.” Lei Dao said.

“Iron Saber Lord.” There was a sense of expectation in Jian Wushang’s eyes. “I have heard that the experts at the Cloud Realm could easily kill experts at the Pinnacle of the Saint Realm by just a lifting of his hand. In the vast Divine Land, he could be regarded as an overlord being!”

“But I’ve never seen an expert at the Cloud Realm.”

Perhaps Iron Saber Lord would be the first expert at the Cloud Realm I would see in my life.

“That is Huoyou Palace where the Lord lives” Lei Dao pointed to a towering palace in the distance, which was almost all black. The palace was sending out golden ripples in circles, sweeping through all directions. Its pressure surprised Jian Wushuang.

“Follow me and head down.” Lei Dao laughed.

Jian Wushang nodded, and then landed in the front of Huoyou Palace following Lei Dao.

There were some guards, whose strength even astonished Jian Wushuang, in front of the Huoyou Palace.

“The Saint Realm!”

The guards were experts at the Saint Realm. In the entire Iron Saber Territory, probably only the Iron Saber Lord had the qualification to employ them.

The guards didn’t stop Lei Dao and Jian Wushuang when they saw them.

“Is the Lord in the palace?” Lei Dao asked.

“The Lord is holding a meeting with two army masters and some commanders.” A guard respectfully answered.

Lei Dao nodded. “Swordsman, let’s come in.”

Then, following Lei Dao, Jian Wushang directly stepping into the Huoyou Palace.

Huoyou Palace was extremely huge. Following Lei Dao, Jian Wushang came to the main hall of the Huoyou Palace. As soon as he entered, Jian Wushang saw several figures standing and sitting in both sides of the hall.

These people possessed incomparably terrifying aura, much more powerful than those of the ordinary Pinnacle of the Saint Realm.

“Experts. All of these people were experts. Not one of them is weaker than Lei Dao. Some are even stronger!”?Jian Wushuang was terrified.

In the entire hall, the most frightening being for Jian Wushuang was an untidy and somewhat slovenly black-haired man sitting at the top. The black-haired man was sending out waves, with the oppressive feeling just like being pressured by a whole world.

“This man is Lord of the Iron Saber Territory?”?Jian Wushuang looked at the black-haired man, just as the latter also looked at him.

Suddenly, Jian Wushuang just felt a flash of thunderbolt across his head, and his whole body was completely overwhelmed.

Terrifying! Just a look, and Jian Wushuang felt heart-stopping fear!

This was the absolute strength of an expert at the Cloud Realm!