Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 393: A Fight in Front of the Cave Mansion

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“The First Army, assemble!”

General Qing’s voice resounded loudly over Demon Heart Canyon.

A large number of black-armored sergeants flew up and assembled above the void.

There were a dozen teams comprising more than 1,000 sergeants. These teams were led by 6 commanders.

The amassed sergeants emanated a formidable and oppressive aura, which materialized as a black torrent. It looked as though an ancient beast had crept out and was lying in wait for its prey.

“Silver-winged Army has started to assemble.” Jian Wushuang saw numerous sergeants in silver armor gather in the opposite mountain. All of them possessed a powerful aura.

“It seems that we’ll have a protracted battle.”

Lei Dao, Yao Mei and the other commanders looked grim.

The Iron Saber Army and Silver-winged Army had camped here for the cave mansion.

Both sides wanted to wrest control of the cave mansion. They would have to fight for it when the Formation dissipated.

At this moment, they waited. All eyes were fixed on the cyan Formation.

The Formation was in chaos. A large amount of frenzied energy radiated in all directions, weakening the power at its core. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The Formation’s power had dwindled.

Suddenly... Bang!

With a crack, the cyan Formation eventually collapsed as expected.

Experts waiting at both ends of the Canyon noticed the break in the Formation.

“Go!” General Qing shouted as he moved toward the bottom of the canyon.

The six commanders and their sergeants followed General Qing down.

Rumble...

The atmosphere was intense as a large number of figures swarmed into the bottom of the canyon like wasps.

On the opposite mountain, experts of Silver-winged Army dived forward.

“Block them!”

A low growl sounded from the Silver-winged Army. As their Spiritual Power gushed out, sergeants of the Silver-winged Army launched a mighty attack.

There were more than 1,000 Silver-winged Army sergeants attacking in tandem.

Every attack was launched by an expert of the Saint Realm. What a magnificent scene!

Even Jian Wushuang was somewhat frightened.

The sergeants of the Iron Saber Army reacted quickly and lashed out with their own strikes.

Attacks from both sides collided fiercely with each other.

Rumble... The whole area shook violently as if it were the end of days. The impact from the attacks caused the mountains around the canyon to collapse. Demon Heart Canyon completely disappeared.

“This is terrifying!”

Jian Wushuang was numb with shock.

The head-on confrontation between the two powerful armies was terrifying in its power and scope. Jian Wushuang was strong, but even he might be torn apart if he was involved in the battle.

The battle strength of commanders at Stage Two was insignificant compared to the two armies.

General Qing led his army toward the gate of the cave mansion.

“The Silver-winged Army is fully prepared for this fight. Obviously, it is impossible for us to take the entire cave mansion.”

“We’ll have to find a way to gain an advantage.”

General Qing’s eyes flashed as he issued an order. “Ordinary sergeants, stay outside the cave mansion. Commanders, go inside with me.”

“Yes.” Jian Wushuang and the other commanders responded.

The sergeants of the Iron Saber Army stopped before the gate, while General Qing rushed into the cave mansion with the six commanders.

Several figures from the Silver-winged Army also glided forward. They possessed powerful aura and were led by a semi-naked bald man with vicious eyes and three Fire Marks on his left arm.

The three Origin Marks showed that the bald man was a top expert at Stage Three.

“General Qing, it’s been a long time since we met. The last time we met was in Flaming Battlefield, right?” The bald man’s laughter reverberated through the area.

“Wu Ta.” General Qing looked at the bald man, eyes narrowing.

“General Qing, we were comrades in Flaming Battlefield, but now we have to fight each other for our own lords’ benefit, so don’t take it personally,” Wu Ta said in an undertone.

“Hum, that’s what I wanted to tell you too.” General Qing snorted.

“OK, let’s fight!” Wu Ta shouted.

Wu Ta’s seven commanders, all of whom were experts at Stage Two, leaped forward.

“Go!” General Qing responded in kind.

Jian Wushuang and other five commanders immediately moved forward, with a cold look in their eyes.

General Qing fought Wu Ta, who, like him, was an expert at Stage Three.

Jian Wushuang and the other five commanders attacked the seven commanders from the Silver-winged Army.

A fierce fight erupted in front of the cave mansion.

An aquamarine-haired lady appeared quietly before Jian Wushuang and lashed out with her aquamarine whip.

Hum... A torrent of strange waves began to flow.

Viper-like, the long whip flashed across the sky at incredible speed and began to twine around Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang gathered a surge of power in his hand. He clenched his hands and punched the whip, unleashing the amassed power.

As his punch landed, Jian Wushuang felt as if he had hit a ball of cotton. Meanwhile, the long whip wrapped around his wrist.