Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3921: Three Heaven Suppression Tablets

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Token of the Red Cloud Lineage!”

Seeing the token in Jian Wushuang’s hand, Devil Scorpion Lord was scared out of his wits.

He screamed and his face was twitching crazily, which made his ugly face even uglier.

In the first level of Eternal Dark Prison, Devil Scorpion Lord was an absolute being who could do whatever he wanted. Even among the ten kings, he was only a little afraid of Star Demon Ancestor, he did not take the other lords to heart.

It had been a long, long time since such a powerful expert had shown any signs of panic or fear in the Eternal Darkness Prison, much less being frightened.

!!

But now, Devil Scorpion Lord was truly frightened.

He was not afraid of anyone, not even the other lords. Even Ruler Star Demon, although he was mysterious, was also afraid. However, if the other party were to attack, he was not afraid. However, no matter how powerful he was, facing the true controller of Eternal Darkness Prison…he was powerless against the Red Cloud branch who created Eternal Darkness Prison.

“Demon Dragon, you hurt me!”

Devil Scorpion Lord roared and was suppressed by Jian Wushuang in the next moment.

Half a day later, in Devil Scorpion Lord’s Stone Castle.

Devil Scorpion Lord, who had been roaring in the void, stood respectfully in front of Jian Wushuang. Demon Dragon Lord stood side by side with him.

“Devil Scorpion, I heard from Demon Dragon that you have five principle supreme treasures. Take them out,” Jian Wushuang said.

The corner of Devil Scorpion Lord’s mouth twitched slightly, and he looked coldly at Demon Dragon Lord.

Demon Dragon Lord gloated over Jian Wushuang’s misfortune.

They were both suppressed and chose to submit to Jian Wushuang, but Demon Dragon Lord did not have a principle supreme treasure. As for the other treasures, Jian Wushuang was not interested, Devil Scorpion Lord, on the other hand, had a total of five principle treasures. Jian Wushuang definitely wanted these five principle treasures.

Although he was unwilling, Devil Scorpion Lord immediately took out the five principle treasures. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

In addition to the two Heaven Suppression Tablets, there was a Cyan Saber, a war hammer, and a purple stone staff.

“Master, among these five principle treasures, the war hammer is my offensive magic weapon. With it, my strength can firmly suppress Demon Dragon,” Devil Scorpion Lord said nervously.

He wanted to tell Jian Wushuang that the war hammer was his most suitable weapon and that he wanted to keep it.

Jian Wushuang glanced at Devil Scorpion Lord and then threw the war hammer to him. “Since you need it, I’ll leave it to you.”

“Thank you, master. Thank you, master.” Devil Scorpion Lord immediately became happy.

“This stone staff should be the one you’ve been longing for, right?” Jian Wushuang looked at Demon Dragon Lord again.

“Yes.” Demon Dragon Lord nodded repeatedly and looked at the stone staff with a burning gaze.

“Okay, this stone staff is for you. I hope it can improve your strength,” Jian Wushuang said.

“Thank you, master,” Demon Dragon Lord also thanked him, at the same time, he said, “don’t worry, master. The reason why I wasn’t a match for Devil Scorpion was because I lacked a magic weapon. Now that I have this stone stick, my battle strength will definitely not be weaker than Devil Scorpion’s, or even stronger.”

“Stronger? Demon Dragon, you’re too arrogant.” Devil Scorpion Lord glanced at Demon Dragon Lord coldly.

“What? You don’t believe me? After I refine the stone stick, you and I can compare.” Demon Dragon Lord deliberately provoked him.

“Okay, let’s fight.” There was a trace of anger in Devil Scorpion Lord’s eyes.

“Shut up.” Jian Wushuang’s voice sank.

Demon Dragon Lord and Devil Scorpion Lord immediately quieted down.

Jian Wushuang continued to look at the three principle supreme treasures in front of him.

“This saber…among my servants, there are some who use the saber as a weapon, but they are not very strong. Even if I get this principle Supreme Treasure Saber, my overall combat strength won’t increase too much. Keep it for now.” Jian Wushuang waved his hand and put the principle supreme treasure saber into his interspatial ring.

As for the last two Heaven Suppression Tablets…

Jian Wushuang directly refined them in front of Devil Scorpion Lord. The process was very short and only took a moment.

“How could it be? This is the Heaven Suppression Tablet. I spent a lot of money before, but I couldn’t really refine one of them. But Master, you…” Devil Scorpion Lord looked at Jian Wushuang in surprise.

“Humph, idiot, I’m afraid you don’t know that master is a super genius who has comprehended a trace of the universe’s principles. Isn’t it easy to refine the Heaven Suppression Tablet?” Demon Dragon Lord mocked from the side.

“Is that so?” Devil Scorpion Lord suddenly understood and was shocked.

It was amazing that a Principles Master could comprehend a trace of universe principle.

“The reason why I can refine the two Heaven Suppression Tablets so quickly is that I have experience in refining them,” Jian Wushuang said.

“Experience?” Devil Scorpion Lord was stunned. “Master, you mean…you have other Heaven Suppression Tablets?”

“Of course.”

Jian Wushuang smiled and another Heaven Suppression Tablet appeared in the void.

Of course, under Jian Wushuang’s deliberate control, the three Heaven Suppression Tablets had shrunk to only a few feet tall.

“Three, three Heaven Suppression Tablets!” Devil Scorpion Lord’s eyes were burning.

“Devil Scorpion, I heard from Demon Dragon that you’ve been looking for the third Heaven Suppression Tablet for years. That’s why I came to you first. If I’m not wrong, you must have a special magic array that works with the Heaven Suppression Tablet, right?” Jian Wushuang stared at Devil Scorpion Lord.

Devil Scorpion Lord took a deep breath and then nodded solemnly. “Master, I do have that magic array, and it happens to be the first level magic array that requires three Heaven Suppression Tablets.”

“Great.” Jian Wushuang’s eyes lit up. “Give me that magic array.”

Devil Scorpion Lord did not hesitate. He waved his hand and took out a token and handed it to Jian Wushuang. “The magic array is inside this token. You can look at it carefully, master.”

Jian Wushuang took the token and immediately checked it with his consciousness.

There was indeed a special formation inside the token, including the detailed information of its control steps and methods.

However, this formation was created by the supreme-being who created the Heaven Suppression Tablet. The supreme-being had exceptional attainments in the field of formation. With this formation and 108 Heaven Suppression Tablets, he could rival a universe Ruler at the level of an invincible supreme-being.

Although the first-level magic array he had obtained was simplified and could be used with only three Heaven Suppression Tablets, it was still extremely complicated and profound for Jian Wushuang.