Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3926: 41 People

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Now, if I use this sword formation and the Divine Devil Heaven Suppression Formation, I can easily kill Demon Dragon.” Jian Wushuang glanced at Demon Dragon Lord.

Demon Dragon Lord had already used his most powerful move, but he could not break the sword formation at all. The waves of golden light sword essence, which were as powerful as the ultimate move of the strongest expert in the dark zone, attacked again and again, the only thing the Demon Dragon Lord could do was passively block the waves of golden sword intent while trying to think of a way to escape from the sword array.

However, do not forget that the Demon Dragon Lord was currently inside the Divine Devil Heaven Suppression Array.

The Divine Devil Heaven Suppression Array was a suppression-type array that could directly suppress the entire world. Furthermore, it was activated by three heaven suppression monoliths at the same time. Such a suppression-type array might not even be able to be defeated by a fourth-level Ruler…in this formation, the Demon Dragon Lord would not be able to use his life-saving secret skills or escape.

“I can’t believe that in less than 100 years, I have the strength to kill the Demon Dragon Lord.” Jian Wushuang had a strange look on his face.

A hundred years ago, when the Demon Dragon Lord attacked him, he was no match for it. He had to use the token of the Red Cloud Lineage to suppress it.

But now, he could kill the Demon Dragon Lord even without the token of the Red Cloud Lineage.

Of course, he relied on the three Heaven Suppression Tablets and the Divine Devil Heaven Suppressing Formation. Apart from this, his real combat strength was still far from the level of the Demon Dragon Lord.

“Anyway, from today on, I have another trump card. I’m Only a Principles Master now, so I can’t fully display the power of the Divine Devil Heaven Suppressing Formation. If one day I break through to become a Ruler and use this formation again, I’m afraid it will be truly terrifying,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

“Alright, Demon Dragon, stop.”

Jian Wushuang waved his hand, and the Sea of Golden Light and sword essence dissipated on the spot. As for the Divine Devil Heaven Suppressing Formation that was suppressing the heaven and earth, it had also been withdrawn.

The three Golden Divine Devil Phantoms on the three Heaven Suppression Tablets had also disappeared. The three Heaven Suppression Tablets shrank in size and were put into Jian Wushuang’s interspatial ring.

After the sword formation and the Divine Devil Heaven Suppressing Formation were taken back, Demon Dragon Lord heaved a heavy sigh.

It had to be said that he had suffered a lot during the time he was trapped in the sword formation.

“Congratulations, master. The Sword Formation has finally been completed.” Ruler Spark was the first to arrive in front of Jian Wushuang.

“Master, this sword formation, together with the Divine Devil Heaven Suppressing Formation, is really powerful. If Demon Dragon was an enemy, he would have died in your sword formation,” Devil Scorpion Lord said.

“It’s okay.”

Jian Wushuang only smiled faintly, but he was still very happy.

“I’ve mastered the Divine Devil Heaven Suppressing Formation and my sword formation can work perfectly with it. My years of comprehension have not been in vain. Devil Scorpion, Demon Dragon, and Stone Fire, get ready. We’re leaving,” Jian Wushuang said.

“Leaving?”

Devil Scorpion Lord, Demon Dragon Lord, and Stone Fire Lord looked at each other in dismay. Their eyes were filled with unconcealable joy and excitement.

“Master, are you planning to leave the Eternal Dark Prison?” Devil Scorpion Lord asked excitedly.

It was not his fault for being so excited. After all, they had all been imprisoned in the Eternal Dark Prison by the Red Cloud Lineage for more than 100 chaos cycles. How long had it been.

They had been trapped here for such a long time, and their hearts were close to despair.

However, when they had submitted to Jian Wushuang, they had known that Jian Wushuang could take them out of the Eternal Dark Prison. From then on, they had been looking forward to it.

They were looking forward to leaving this place and returning to the universe.

“It’s time to leave,” Jian Wushuang said with a faint smile.

He had not been in the Eternal Dark Prison for long, less than 1,000 years.

However, he had gained a lot in the past 1,000 years.

Not only had his strength improved by leaps and bounds, but he had also obtained three Heaven Suppression Tablets, mastered the Divine Devil Heaven Suppressing Formation, and had also taken in many experts.

Next…if his identity was not exposed, he did not mind staying in the Eternal Dark Prison for a while longer. If possible, he could try to subdue the other seven kings.

However, his identity had been spread in the Eternal Dark Prison. Perhaps most of the experts did not know about it, but the remaining seven kings had their own ability to collect intelligence, so they must know of his existence, as long as those kings were not stupid, they would choose to hide.

Since they were hiding, it would be difficult for Jian Wushuang to find them. After all, he was not a high-level expert of the Red Cloud Branch. He was not strong enough to use the token of the Red Cloud branch to greatly mobilize the power of the Eternal Dark Prison’s formation, he saw everything in the Eternal Dark Prison.

Since he could not attack those kings, it was useless to stay here.

As for the other levels of Eternal Dark Prison, he could not enter them at all. Even the first level was because he just happened to know where the entrance was, and the flaw of the Eternal Dark Prison array was there. As for the other levels, he did not know, even Lord Wu in the Red Cloud World did not know. Otherwise, he could try to use the token of the Red Cloud Lineage to go to the other levels to subdue some experts, by then, the threat of the Star Master could be easily removed.

“Get ready, the three of you. We’ll head to the ninth dark area of the Demon Dragon Domain immediately. The strongest experts I’ve subdued are there. The exit to the first level of eternal prison is also there,” Jian Wushuang said. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

“Yes.” Devil Scorpion Lord and the other two suppressed their excitement and went to prepare.

“I don’t have enough servants. I can try my best to capture and subdue some of them along the way.” Jian Wushuang smiled.

Soon, Jian Wushuang took Devil Scorpion Lord, Demon Dragon Lord, Ruler Spark, and a few strong dark zone supreme experts with him on the universe boat, they headed toward the Demon Dragon Region.

On the way, Jian Wushuang did not stay idle when he passed through the dark zones. Instead, he often took action to subdue the strongest experts in the dark zones.

When Jian Wushuang returned to the ninth dark zone of the Demon Dragon Region, there were already more than 20 slaves following him. In addition, he had already subjugated them, Thousand Kills Emperor Lord, Blood Rain Demon Monarch, Emperor Sha Master, and Ruler Red One were waiting for him in the ninth dark area. In total, he had 41 slaves!