Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 395: The Blood Gems

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Swish!

With an ear-piercing sound, the black arrow pierced through the void into Jian Wushuang’s chest.

Jian Wushuang felt a sharp pain radiate outwards from his wound and involuntarily let out a suppressed groan. He had been protected by a shield made of Spiritual Power.?However, the arrow had penetrated the shield.

Jian Wushuang’s chest had therefore been vulnerable to the arrow.

The arrow could pierce the body of an expert of the Saint Realm, but Jian Wushuang’s body was much stronger than an ordinary expert’s.

As such, the arrow only embedded itself superficially in his skin and muscle.

The arrow had failed to pierce through his body or damage his vital organs. Nevertheless, the force of the impact threw Jian Wushuang and Shi Ling back several steps.

“Swordsman, are you all right?”

Lei Dao and the others nearby looked at Jian Wushuang with concern.

“I’m fine.”

When Jian Wushuang regained his balance, he glanced at the arrow in his chest. He removed the arrow and put it in his Interspatial Ring.

His wound was a bloody hole about the size of a finger. As the arrow had not reached his internal organs, he was not badly wounded.

Lei Dao and the others were shocked at the scene.

“Among us, you are the only one who won’t die of such an attack,” Lei Dao said in admiration.

“Swordsman, thank you.” Shi Ling looked at Jian Wushuang with gratitude.

“No big deal.” Jian Wushuang replied with a casual smile.

He had gotten along well with these commanders in the past month. He saw them as friends. Helping them out when they were in danger was therefore second nature to him. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The Bluestone Corridor had finally quietened down. Those present had been taken aback by the attack of arrows. Fortunately, no lives had been lost.

The Silver-winged Army experts looked at Jian Wushuang with quizzical expressions.

They had witnessed how Jian Wushuang had saved Shi Ling.

“Being shot by the black arrow is as bad as being attacked by an expert at the Pinnacle of the Saint Realm. Moreover, Arrows are excellent in piercing the flesh. Even experts of Stage Three can’t survive such an attack, but this guy survived?”

“How terrifically strong his body is!”

“His body is as strong as a magic weapon! Amazing!”

“He might not be the strongest one in the Iron Saber Army, but he must be the most resourceful one!”

The Silver-winged Army experts were jealous of Jian Wushuang’s skills.

At the gate of the mansion, it had been Jian Wushuang who had helped the Iron Saber Army turn the tables using his skill.

Having now seen how strong his body was, these experts were doubly impressed.

“Wu Ta.”

General Qing looked at Wu Ta and said, “We are in an unusual mansion full of danger, so we’d better stop fighting for the moment.”

Wu Ta frowned. He glanced at the endless corridor before them, and eventually nodded, “Ok.”

Other commanders exchanged glances and nodded to themselves.

“Guys, slow down and watch your back.” General Qing warned.

The experts from both sides resumed their path forward at a slower pace.

The corridor was interminably long. The experts encountered two subsequent black arrow attacks in a mere half-hour. Having learnt from their experience in the first attack, the experts deflected the attacks with ease.

Finally, they reached the end of the corridor.

The end of the corridor led to a capacious magnificent hall. Its walls were well-decorated and covered with paintings. At the center of the hall, there was a pool.

Jian Wushuang and the others were on high alert as they walked in and looked around.

Except for the luxurious decorations, the hall looked ordinary. The most unusual feature was the pool.

The pool was small with an area of two to three square meters. Notably, the water in it was dark yellow.

There were also faint strands of strange energy gathered in it.

Jian Wushuang and the others were drawn to the pool.

Pale yellow mist rose slowly out of the water. Swish! Swish! Swish! Beams of yellow light wafted from the pool floated in mid-air.

Dozens of beams emerged from the water in succession.

The light gradually faded away from the suspended light beams, revealing pieces of light yellow gems.

The gems were as small as a baby’s fist but the power in them was intense.

“What are those?”

Seeing the gems, everyone was curious.

“Blood Gems! These are Blood Gems!”

General Qing’s voice resounded in the hall, betraying his excitement at the discovery.

“Blood Gem!”

Wu Ta recognized the gems as well. He looked thrilled.

Jian Wushuang studied the gems and was stunned.

He was familiar with those gems; he even owned some.

“Blood Gems!” Jian Wushuang was extremely surprised.

He had gained a Blood Puppet in his Ancestor’s Land as a third reward.

The puppet was strong, but it was hard to power it as Blood Gems were required each time for such an operation.

According to what Jin Ling had said, the Blood Gem was extremely precious and rare even in the Divine Land. That was why he had only given Jian Wushuang three gems with the puppet. But now...