Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3961: Crushing Everything in Its Path

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Rumble!

The auras of the Rulers exploded one after another, causing the focus of the battlefield to shift from the armies of the Rulers of the two sides to the Rulers.

“It’s our turn.”

Dozens of Rulers gathered on the Divine Beginning Realm’s side.

These Rulers were already eager to make their move. When they saw the Rulers from the Devil Cloud Star attacking, they immediately made their move.

The aura of the same level of Rulers erupted. However, the Rulers from the Divine Beginning Realm could not compare with the Rulers from the Devil Cloud Star in terms of number or aura.

After all, the Rulers under the command of the Devil Cloud Star came from the second-level star world. There were many second-level Rulers, and even third-level Rulers. Even if Jian Wushuang killed a fourth divine general, there were still three, there were still three.

On the other hand, almost all the Rulers in the Divine Beginning Realm were first-level Rulers. Even the top-level first-level Rulers were few and far fewer than the other side.

Logically speaking, there should be no room for resistance when the battle strength of the Rulers collided. However, the Divine Beginning Realm was also prepared.

Hexagram battle formations suddenly rose up, and a group of Principles Masters suddenly appeared in the camp of the Divine Beginning Realm.

There were not many Principles Masters. There were only a few thousand of them. However, these Principles Masters were all at the level of the six void realms. Moreover, the Supreme Treasures and magic weapons in their hands were powerful. They were all supreme treasures!

Yes, they were supreme treasures.

Previously, Jian Wushuang had brought back thousands of supreme treasures from the Eternal Dark Prison. Most of them were useless, so Daoist Xuan God decided to be more extravagant, he gave some of the stronger Principles Masters of the sixth realm of the Void Realm Supreme Treasures.

The Principles Masters of the sixth realm of the Void realm who had supreme treasures did not join the battle formation of 100,000 people. Instead, they formed a new battle formation with 18 people.

The battle formation formed by 18 Great Beings of the six states of void who had supreme true treasures was not weaker than that of an ordinary Ruler.

Over 1,000 such Principles Masters formed more than 80 such battles, which meant that there were 80 more Rulers.

In addition to the dozens of Rulers in the Divine Beginning Realm, the number of Rulers was more than that of Devil Cloud Star.

Dear readers!you are reading on our content stealing site.Please copy and search this link " https://bom.so/sBJMIa " to support us

However, numbers did not mean everything.

After all, Devil Cloud Star had many second-level and even third-level Rulers.

Boom!

The Rulers and experts of both sides engaged in a fierce battle. Immediately, a series of terrifying explosions sounded.

Many Rulers in the Divine Beginning Realm, including Daoist Xuan God, Temporal Temple Master, Heaven-cleaving Alliance Master, Heaven Ancestor, and Di Shisan, all made their moves. Jian Wushuang’s wife, Leng Rushuang, had also made her move, she was fighting against a second-level Ruler.

Leng Rushuang had absorbed the heart of the astral world and had great potential. She had also received the personal teachings of Paragon fog. After becoming a Ruler, her strength was extraordinary. Even if she did not use her trump card, she could easily fight against a second-level Ruler, once she used her trump card, she could even reach the peak of the second-level.

It could be said that all the Rulers of the Divine Beginning Realm, except for Jian Wushuang and the Ruler Spark, who was in charge of the overall situation, had made their moves.

Even so, the situation was still one-sided when the two sides clashed.

On the side of the Divine Beginning Realm, the six-pointed star battle formation formed by eighteen Principles Masters of the Six Void Realms was defeated by more than a dozen of them in just a short while. Many Principles Masters were killed on the spot, and even the Rulers were killed, three Rulers had already been killed by the third-level Ruler of Devil Cloud Star.

It only took a moment.

“The Ruler’s battle strength is no match for Devil Cloud Star.” Jian Wushuang’s face darkened, but he sent a message, “Xuan God, it’s almost time.”

Daoist Xuan God immediately understood when he received Jian Wushuang’s message. He ignored the Ruler in front of him and waved his hand. Instantly, an exquisite pavilion appeared in the middle of the battlefield.

The pavilion was beautiful and emitted a unique aura.

However, it was just a treasure. As the battle unfolded, the Rulers had already taken out all kinds of treasures, such as domain type supreme treasures, flight type supreme treasures, suppression type supreme treasures, and so on, now that Daoist Xuan God took out a pavilion, it was nothing.

The two sides had been in a fierce battle, and none of them had cared about Daoist Xuan God taking out this pavilion. But suddenly…sou!

Dozens of figures charged out of the exquisite pavilion. Each of these figures had an extremely powerful aura, and they had all reached the level of third-level Rulers. Most importantly…their combat power was even more powerful. Any one of them could almost rival a Ruler of a higher third-level level.

A total of forty people charged out and attacked those Rulers of Devil Cloud Star at the fastest speed.

Instantly…

“Not good!”

“There are so many third level Rulers?”

“No!”

A series of shocked and angry voices resounded throughout the entire universe void space.

These shocked and angry voices came from those Rulers under Devil Cloud Star.

These Rulers were all completely crazy at this moment.

Third-tier Rulers. In their Devil Cloud Star, only the Devil Cloud Star Master and the six great divine generals under him had reached the third-tier level. Moreover, he was the only one who had reached the peak of the third-tier before, in recent years, his strength had broken through to the fourth-tier.

But the six great divine generals were only at the third-tier level.

Yet, these forty people who had suddenly appeared in front of them were not weaker than any of the six divine generals? In fact, their combat power was even stronger than the six divine generals.

Two of them were especially suffocating, and their auras were close to the peak of the third-tier.

It must be known that third-tier Rulers were almost instantly killed by first-tier or second-tier Rulers.

Even third-tier Rulers who were slightly weaker could only be easily killed by the strongest experts from the Eternal Dark Prison.

And so many third-tier Rulers suddenly charged out from the center of the battlefield. This was absolutely disastrous for the Rulers under the command of Devil Cloud Star.

These forty third-tier Rulers swept across the battlefield at a terrifying speed. Wherever they passed, they easily killed the Rulers from Devil Cloud Star one by one like harvesting wheat. More than a hundred Rulers from Devil Cloud Star were killed, in the blink of an eye, more than half of them were killed.

And the remaining Rulers were like frightened birds.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m