Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 397: Survival Instinct

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Horrified! Stupefied!

These were the emotions felt by the Silver-winged Army commanders as they faced the pressure from the Blood River.

They had successfully dealt with the pressure of the Tenfold Realm and Slaughter Domain at the same time before.

This time, in addition to the pressure of the two techniques, they suffered an additional attack, Road to the Underworld. Their strength was suppressed by nearly 30 percent although they were experts of Stage Two.

All of them were affected to the same extent and no one was spared.

In contrast, the Iron Saber Army commanders were overjoyed that the river had not targeted them. As such, they were not affected at all.

“Swordsman!”

“Swordsman!”

Lei Dao, Shi Ling, and General Qing looked at Jian Wushuang in surprise.

“Save your words. Go get the Blood Gems and the tokens first!” Jian Wushuang shouted.

“Ok, ok! Let’s go.” Lei Dao laughed as he rushed toward a Blood Gem beside him.

The Silver-winged Army commanders tried to stop them, but their attempts were foiled by the Blood River. They simply could not catch up with Lei Dao and the others.

Gaining an advantage in speed, Lei Dao and the others effortlessly collected the gems.

Facing this sudden change in situation, Wu Ta, the leader of the Silver-winged Army, looked despondent.

“Bastard!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He cursed to himself and shot a chilly glance at Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang’s summoning of Blood River Realm was the cause of the abrupt turn in events.

Wu Ta realized that the only way to regain the upper hand was to kill Jian Wushuang.

Wu Ta looked murderous as he left his army and charged toward Jian Wushuang.

“Go to hell!”

Wu Ta roared in anger as a scorching flame appeared in his hands. The flame burned with intensity and seemed capable of devouring everything in its path.?Wu Ta clasped his hands tightly and attacked Jian Wushuang’s head.

There was a sizzling sound of burning.

“Damn!”

General Qing and his commanders were alarmed, but Jian Wushuang remained calm.

A sliver of light had flashed across his eyes when Wu Ta attacked.

“He is in Stage Three!”

Jian Wushuang was increasingly pumped up by the battle. He made his move.

Jian Wushuang’s attack was silent as he focused the Sword Essence and Momentum into a single point on his sword and fought back.

The strike made no sound and shed no sword light.

Upon collision with Wu Ta’s booming fist, the impact was earth-shattering.

Powerful energy waves swept over the hall and instantly crushed the hall decorations into dust.

Whoosh!

Jian Wushuang was thrown back 30 meters and crashed into a stone wall, which caused the wall to shake. Wu Ta was barely affected and was thrown back by a single step.

Nevertheless, Wu Ta was still shocked.

This sentiment was shared by the people surrounding him.

“He forced Wu Ta one step backward!”

“This Swordsman is definitely at the top of Stage Two! Even near Stage Three!”

“The Sword Skill he performed just now was so powerful.”

There was a huge difference in strength between Stage Three and Stage Two.

Jian Wushuang had managed to force Wu Ta back a step in a head-on confrontation, which meant that he was at the top of Stage Two and approaching Stage Three.

Jian Wushuang was aware that Wu Ta had fallen back because he had been suppressed by the Blood River and had not been able to fully utilize his strength. If Wu Ta had been able to fight unfettered, Jian Wushuang would not have stood a chance against him even if the First Move of Heart-killing Sword Technique was used.

“I was disadvantaged fighting him even though I had performed Road to the Underworld, Sword Realm, and the First Move of Heart-killing Sword Technique. It seems that I have to use the Bridge of Helplessness or the power of Sword Soul to beat him.”

Both skills were his trump cards.

Bridge of Helplessness was powerful, but it required a lot of Spiritual Power. He would only use it if absolutely necessary.

As for Sword Soul, he would show it only when his life was threatened.

Divine Land was nothing like Nanyang Continent.

In Nanyang Continent, the experts were unfamiliar with Sword Soul Phantom and Sword Soul, so Jian Wushuang could use them. On the other hand, experts in Divine Land were knowledgeable about the two techniques.

For example, experts in the highest level of the Pinnacle of the Saint Realm, the Heaven-defying Level, had awakened “Soul”. If Jian Wushuang used the power of Sword Soul, a Sword Soul Phantom had to be produced as well. In such a case, others would recognize his Double First-grade Sword Soul at once. This was too ostentatious and would reveal Jian Wushuang’s strength.

In the hall, Jian Wushuang patted his sleeves and walked forward.

Wu Ta was astonished that Jian Wushuang had just brushed off the attack.

“Why are you not injured at all after being hit by my fist?” Wu Ta asked.

Jian Wushuang had been thrown back by his attack and had smashed into a wall. How could it be that he was not wounded?

“Haha, Wu Ta, you might not know that Swordsman is the best among our army at survival. You are not strong enough to kill him,” Lei Dao sneered.

“Best in survival?” Wu Ta was startled.

Jian Wushuang threw Wu Ta a look. Enveloped in a Force of Gale and Thunderbolt, he transformed into a flash of lightning, which entered the Blood River and moved rapidly through it.

A series of phantoms flashed, but no one could see them clearly.

“How fast!”

Wu Ta and his commanders were stunned.

Jian Wushuang was so fast!

If they had not been suppressed by the Blood River, they could have caught up with him. Under the influence of Blood River now, they could not do anything.

Besides, they had learned how strong his body was.

In Bluestone Corridor, the black arrow had merely injured Jian Wushuang superficially.

Jian Wushuang had also been uninjured after his fight with Wu Ta.

With his unusual method of Domain,

Amazing speed...

A strong and hardy body...

Jian Wushuang’s reputation in the Iron Saber army as the commander with the strongest survival skills was well-deserved!