Chapter 3972: Desperation

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The triple killer move was well-prepared, but it still failed to kill Devil Cloud Star Master, which made Jian Wushuang very unwilling.

Fortunately, although Devil Cloud Star Master was not dead, he suffered an unprecedented serious injury under the triple killer move. In addition, he had burned his soul crazily to resist the tyrant saber, which had destroyed more than half of his soul, now, although he was still alive, he could not be more miserable.

In the void space of the universe, although Devil Cloud Star Master’s body was still standing, his godly body was trembling slightly. The aura emitted from his body was no longer as magnificent and powerful as before, on the contrary, he gave people an extremely weak and dispirited feeling.

This kind of weakness was not faked. It was indeed extremely weak.

At this moment, Devil Cloud Master could not even use 10% of his battle strength, and he had very little divine power left.

In such a state, any third-level master could easily crush him, let alone Jian Wushuang.

“Devil Cloud Master must die!” Jian Wushuang’s eyes flashed with a fierce light.

He knew very well that as long as Devil Cloud Master was alive, even if the Divine Beginning Realm Camp won the battle and Devil Cloud Master’s army was defeated, as long as Devil Cloud Master was given some time…he would be able to restore his strength to its peak, and then he would be able to lead his army to attack again.

If there was another battle, Jian Wushuang would not have the ability to defend against Devil Cloud Star Master.

It should be known that of the three killer moves that he had forced into a miserable state, only the first one was performed by himself. The purpose was to exhaust the divine power of Devil Cloud Star Master as much as possible.

However, the second killer move, the strongest attack from Devil Flame, could not be executed at all. This was because Devil Flame’s gold-swallowing divine body had already collapsed once again. How difficult would it be to repair it by twenty to thirty percent?

As for the final third killer move, the one that had truly forced Devil Flame into a desperate situation was the special treasure given by Wind Devil. There was only one treasure, and it had already been used. Naturally, it could not be used again.

In other words, if Devil Cloud Star Master came again, he would have to swallow the special blood pill and fight with him to the death.

“It was not easy to force Devil Cloud Star Master into such a situation. I must not give him a chance to make a comeback. Kill! I must kill him at all costs!” Jian Wushuang was extremely crazy, the Divine Devil Heaven Suppression Formation, which had always existed on the battlefield, had been exerting a terrifying suppressive force to suppress Devil Cloud Master.

At this moment, Jian Wushuang held the Wuqi divine sword with one hand and attacked directly.

“Oh no!”

Seeing Jian Wushuang attacking, Devil Cloud Master’s expression changed drastically.

In his current state, he could not fight Jian Wushuang head-on.

“Shi Hua, come and help me, quick!” Devil Cloud Master shouted urgently.

Shi Hua Divine Emperor, who had been standing at the edge of the battlefield, had been watching the battle. However, when he saw Jian Wushuang and Devil Flame combine forces and use the triple killer move to force Devil Flame into a desperate situation and almost kill him…he was extremely shocked.

The skills that Jian Wushuang had displayed had terrified him.

Now that he had heard Devil Cloud Master’s cry for help, he frowned but did not hesitate.

“No matter how powerful Jian Wushuang is, he is only a Principles Master. Although the successive killing moves were extremely powerful, they were probably his strongest trump card. He should not have any more powerful trump cards. Without relying on his trump cards, his battle strength is at most on par with mine. I have no reason to be afraid of him.” Shi Hua Divine Emperor was indeed on good terms with Devil Cloud Master.

Seeing that Devil Cloud Star Master was in trouble, he made his move.

However —

Demon Dragon Lord and the others, who had been watching Shi Hua Divine Emperor’s every move, saw him move! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The servants under Jian Wushuang also moved immediately.

This time, 36 servants, including Demon Dragon Lord and Devil Scorpion Lord, formed a towering battle formation.

The battle formation’s power was monstrous. Under the joint operation of 36 third-level Rulers, it exploded with terrifying strength. It rushed in front of Shi Hua Divine Emperor and stopped him. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

“Damn it!”

Shi Hua Divine Emperor cursed in a low voice. He wanted to use the battle formation in front of him, but it was fine if they did not fight. The moment he did, he immediately realized the combat strength the battle formation could unleash, it had reached the level of a fourth-level Ruler.

In terms of strength and power, it was obviously stronger than him.

Although he attacked with all his strength, he could only fight the battle formation to a draw. He could not get rid of the battle formation and help Devil Cloud Star Master on the other side.

Demon Dragon Lord and the others had already received Jian Wushuang’s order. They had no intention of defeating or killing Shi Hua. They just relied on the battle formation to tangle with him, they did not give Shi Hua Divine Emperor a chance to make a move.

Shi Hua Divine Emperor was completely blocked and could not find any opportunity to make a move.

When Devil Cloud Star Master, who was frantically running for his life, saw this scene, his expression could not help changing drastically.

“What should I do? What should I do?”

Devil Cloud Star Master was screaming crazily in his heart as he thought about how to escape.

However, he was now in the suppression range of the Divine Devil Heaven Suppressing Formation. Even at his peak, this formation might not be able to break, let alone now. He had almost no chance of escaping from this formation.

Shi Hua Divine Emperor, who was the only one who could save his life, was also blocked by the formation. He could not enter at all.

It seemed that he was in a real desperate situation.

He tried his best to think, but he could not find any solution.

Suddenly, Devil Cloud Star Master saw the remaining ten or so Rulers under his command outside the battlefield.

“Come and save me!”

Devil Cloud Star Master shouted.

Outside the battlefield, the ten or so Rulers from Devil Cloud Star were scared out of their wits by the servants under Jian Wushuang. They had yet to completely calm down, later, when they saw that Devil Cloud Star Master, who was invincible in their hearts, was forced into such a miserable situation and even fell into a desperate situation, they were all shocked and stunned.

It was only when they heard Devil Cloud Star Master’s stern shout that these Rulers regained their senses.

However, when they regained their senses, these Rulers looked at each other. For a moment, no one stepped forward.

“Why are you still not coming over? Are you courting death!” Devil Cloud Star Master roared once more. His explosive shout contained a shocking killing intent.