Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3983: Teaching in Enlightenment

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“100 years? The will of Star Master Lingyun taught me personally for 100 years? And it was in the state of enlightenment after taking the primordial spirit treasure pill…” Jian Wushuang was a little confused.

“Jian Wushuang, although it’s only 100 years, it’s an incredible opportunity for any ruler. You’re only a Principles Master and you got this opportunity in a desperate situation. Your harvest will be even greater. Treasure this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Don’t let me down.” The message was completely cut off.

However, Jian Wushuang could no longer calm down.

At this moment, he could clearly sense the existence of the ancient will.

This ancient will was left behind by the invincible supreme-level star Master Lingyun. Even if it was just a trace of the will, it could still make the laws of the universe retreat.

At this moment, this ancient will covered the entire universe void. Star Demon Ancestor, who was standing in front of Jian Wushuang, was full of a mocking smile before, but now he could not laugh at all, because he also felt the will in Jian Wushuang’s body.

This will covered everything in the universe void. He was also covered by this ancient will. At this moment, he felt as if his thoughts were completely frozen.

He stood there with his eyes wide open. He wanted to open his mouth, but he found that he could not move at all.

He could not even move his mouth, let alone attack Jian Wushuang.

“What the hell is this?” Star Demon Ancestor was extremely shocked and furious. He was also screaming crazily in his heart.

He did not know what had happened to Jian Wushuang. He only knew that he could not move under the will.

He stood in front of Jian Wushuang like a statue. At this moment, Jian Wushuang was sitting cross-legged in the universe void. He even closed his eyes.

He had swallowed the Primordial Spirit Treasure Pill. The power of the pill had been exerted, and Jian Wushuang quickly entered a mysterious state. This state was the state of enlightenment that countless cultivators dreamed of!

Under the state of enlightenment, the speed of the cultivator’s comprehension would increase exponentially.

At this time, a blurry figure appeared in Jian Wushuang’s mind.

This figure was extremely tall and majestic, but at the same time, it gave off an extremely familiar feeling.

Jian Wushuang knew that this blurry figure was the Star Master Lingyun.

Star Master Lingyun’s will was present at the moment, and it had seeped into his mind and was directly preaching in his mind.

Star Master Lingyun began preaching.

Because Jian Wushuang was only a Principles Master, and he was good at sword principle and a little bit of universe principle, Star Master Lingyun mostly talked about rules, sword principle, and universe principle.

Jian Wushuang listened carefully. He had a very high comprehension ability, and with the help of the Primordial Spirit Treasure Pill, his comprehension speed was incredible. He understood almost everything Star Master Lingyun talked about.

Jian Wushuang also knew that this was a rare opportunity. He did not waste any of it. He listened attentively, understood, and comprehended.

As for Star Master Lingyun, he was an invincible supreme expert and an overlord in the vast universe. The things he talked about were all useful and helpful to Jian Wushuang.

Time began to pass slowly. Less than an hour had passed in the universe void, but three years had passed in Jian Wushuang’s consciousness world.

In just three years, Jian Wushuang had already comprehended the fifth principle, the principle of gold!

Gold was the most masculine and cool!

Previously, Jian Wushuang had tested his affinity with the principles of heaven and earth. The affinity between the principle of gold and his was no less than that of the principle of Earth.

Previously, after he had completely comprehended the principles of earth and fused the four principles, he had already begun to explore the fifth principle, which was the principle of gold.

Before the start of the battle, Jian Wushuang had already gained some understanding of the principle of gold, but the level of understanding was not high.

But now, with the help of the Spirit Treasure Pill, Jian Wushuang listened to Star Master Lingyun talk about the various principles of gold. From shallow to deep, it contained everything about the principle of gold. In just three years, Jian Wushuang had completely comprehended the principle of gold.

And this was just the beginning.

In the 13th year of Enlightenment, he completely comprehended the sixth rule, the rule of darkness.

In the 31st year, Jian Wushuang made great progress in his sword principle and reached the first level of the universe origin of sword principle. Many fourth-level masters who were good at sword principle had not reached this level.

In the 45th year, Jian Wushuang made another breakthrough in sword principle and reached the first level of the universe origin of sword principle. His understanding of sword principle alone was comparable to that of a fifth-level master.

In the 78th year, Jian Wushuang’s comprehension of the universe principle improved greatly, from barely grasping a trace to truly stepping into the threshold of the universe principle.

In the 82nd year, Jian Wushuang comprehended the fifth principle, the gold principle, and combined it with the other four principles. Since then, the five principles had been merged.

In the 99th year, Jian Wushuang reached a new level in the Dao of formation. He was already comparable to some masters who were better at formation in the universe, such as Blood Rain Demon Master.

Finally, it was the 100th year, the last year.

In the last year, the effects of the Primordial Spirit Treasure Pill had almost been used up. Jian Wushuang did not make much progress in this year. Instead, he had fully comprehended the comprehension of the previous 99 years.

In the vast universe void.

Buzz buzz buzz the ancient will that had existed for a day and a night finally slowly dissipated.

The vast universe void also regained its calm. As for Star Demon Ancestor, he had finally regained his ability to move. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Has it finally dissipated?”

Star Demon Ancestor clenched his teeth as his expression turned extremely ugly.

Although it had been an emergency that lasted for a day and a night, he had been filled with pride during that day and night. He had been suppressed by the will and was unable to move at all…he could feel the power and terror of the ancient will at all times.

“The will of a supreme-being is definitely the will of a supreme-being expert, and I’m afraid it’s not an ordinary supreme-being.”

Star Demon Ancestor had an ordinary background and was quite knowledgeable. Naturally, he could sense the supreme strength of the owner of the will.

Just a trace of the will was powerful enough to intimidate the entire universe void and make the universe principles avoid it. Such an expert must be an overlord even in the deepest part of the universe.

“What did Jian Wushuang do? What happened to the will just now? How many secrets does this kid have?”

Star Demon Ancestor narrowed his eyes and stared at Jian Wushuang.