Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 405: The Outer Area

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Sir Axe looked glum as he described the incident.

They had lost five teammates in that fight, and only three had survived the attack.

Jian Wushuang and the others sighed.

Everyone had to accept his own fate. Adventuring in Flaming Battlefield was just like dancing on a blade.

“Who are the other two who survived with you?” Lei Dao asked.

“Feng Zi and Zang Feng.” Sir Axe answered. “They were badly wounded and are still recovering. I guess they’ll regain their peak fitness in two to three days. We’ll have to wait until then before we can fight again.”

“No problem.” Lei Dao nodded gravely.

Since they were very close to the battlefield, they did not mind waiting another two or three days.

Three days later, the two wounded teammates had both recovered. The eight men gathered to prepare for a new adventure.

“Listen up, Flaming Battlefield is dangerous. Your carelessness could kill you. You’ll have to follow my orders when we’re on the battlefield. Do not hesitate to kill or escape when I tell you to, ok?” Sir Axe warned.

“OK.” Jian Wushuang and the others nodded.

Among the eight of them, apart from Jian Wushuang, Sir Axe was the strongest. He also had the most experience and was therefore highly regarded and trusted by his teammates.

“Before we leave, tell me your strength and best skills. Let’s get a better understanding of each other,” Sir Axe added.

“I’m good at defense.” Yan Mo spoke first.

Lei Dao, Shi Ling, and Bing Yue described their strengths to Sir Axe as well. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When it was Jian Wushuang’s turn, he smiled. “My body’s quite strong and I have strong survival skills. I also know one Realm Technique.”

The words were barely out of his mouth when Lei Dao chimed in, “His Realm Technique is brilliant. It’s helped us a lot.”

“That’s fine.” Sir Axe glanced at Jian Wushuang, but he didn’t take Lei Dao’s words seriously.

“Well, let’s go now.” The eight of them left for Flaming Battlefield.

...

Flaming Battlefield was both a battlefield and grave for experts.

It stretched across four million kilometers and was divided into three parts, Perimeter, Outer Area, and Inner Area.

It took Jian Wushuang and his team five days to arrive at the outer area of Flaming Battlefield from their camp.

“From this moment on, we must be careful,” Sir Axe said solemnly.

Unlike the edges of the battlefield, they would encounter many rivals once they stepped into the Outer Area.

“We are a strong team and won’t face too much danger unless we encounter another extremely strong team or a joint attack from more than one team. But, we should still be careful,” Sir Axe said while surveilling the immediate environment.

“Zang Feng, you have the most acute senses among us, so you go on ahead of us.”

“Ok!” Zang Feng, who was clothed in green robes, led the way.

“Yan Mo, you have the best defensive skills, so you stay behind us as a defender. The rest of you, line up between them.” Sir Axe ordered.

“Understood!” the teammates nodded and obeyed the order.

They marched forward slowly.

“I hope we don’t have to wait too long for our first battle,” Lei Dao said excitedly to Jian Wushuang, who walked beside him.

Hearing his words, Jian Wushuang could not help but smile.

He shared Lei Dao’s feelings.

But it was not easy to run into rivals in such a vast land.

They did not see a single soul for the next three days on the battlefield.

“Three days have passed, and there has been nothing, not even a ghost!” Lei Dao was impatient.

“Lei Dao, don’t you remember what his Excellency told you before we left?” Shi Ling looked at Lei Dao.

Lei Dao curled his lips. He was raring to fight.

At this moment...

Zang Feng suddenly shouted from ahead, “Someone is coming!”

Everyone looked ahead and saw several black figures in the distance.

The black figures were far away but were rapidly closing the distance between them and the Iron Saber commanders.

“They are from our own camp.” Zang Feng said as he sensed the aura of black figures’ tokens.

Only experts from the same camp could sense each other’s tokens.

Everyone was relieved but Lei Dao was disappointed. He was upset that the fight he had expected would not materialize.

“Everyone, stay alert. On Flaming Battlefield, experts from your own side could turn against you because for treasures and battle achievements.” Sir Axe warned.

Jian Wushuang was contemplative when he heard Sir Axe’s cautionary words.

The black figures finally arrived in front of the team.

A bare-headed man led the team of seven. This man, who had a huge axe mark on his body, looked at Sir Axe with interest.

“Sir Axe, it’s been a while since we last met.” The man smiled coldly and continued, “I heard that you suffered a devastating defeat and lost most of your men during the fight several days ago. I really admire your courage to return.”

“Where I go is none of your business, Feng Zhu,” Sir Axe replied coolly.

“Yeah, you’re right. I’m just wondering how many men from your new team will join the bones that are already buried underground.” Feng Zhu smirked and gestured to his men. “Let’s go!”

Feng Zhu cast a final look at Sir Axe and led his men away.

“This guy...”

It was obvious that Sir Axe and Feng Zhu held grudges against each other.

“Decades ago when I wandered alone, I clashed with him and left that axe mark on his body,” Sir Axe said in an expressionless tone. “Two years ago, we met again on Flaming Battlefield and fought a fierce battle. We were equally strong and from the same camp, so the fight ended without a result. Since then, he has held a grudge against me.”

“Oh, I see.”

Sir Axe’s explanation clarified the situation for Jian Wushuang and the rest.

“Well,?enough about him, let’s continue our march,” Sir Axe continued his journey with the others.