Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4064: Intelligence

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“In addition to the list of the top experts of the Nine Emperor Pavilion, I also need to know all the information about Xuan Yi, who is on the bounty of the Thunder God Palace, as well as the specific conflicts between him and the Thunder God Palace, and what he did,” Jian Wushuang said.

“No problem.” Feixue nodded with a smile.

Soon, Feixue handed two complete pieces of information to Jian Wushuang.

One was about the top experts of the Thunder God Palace, and the other was about Xuan Yi.

Jian Wushuang first looked at the information about Xuan Yi.

!!

However, after reading the information, Jian Wushuang frowned even more.

It was mentioned that Xuan Yi was an expert born in the Demonic Luo Star World, a second-class star world in the Nine Luminaries superstarfield.

His birth, his gradual growth, and his rise were all mentioned in great detail. Every step of his growth could be witnessed with certainty.

Although this process was not very exciting, it was still a bumpy process. When Xuan Yi rose in the Demonic Luo Star World, he was not a dazzling super genius. He was relatively mediocre, it felt like he was a very ordinary one.

From the beginning, he did not have much fame on his path of cultivation to the Principles Master. It was only until he reached the Ruler level that he gradually gained a certain level of fame. Moreover, his fame was not because of his strength, it was because he had all kinds of endless methods.

He had studied various fields, such as alchemy, weapon refining, array formation, and soul. He had dabbled in some of them, and he had a certain level of achievements.

Some of his methods were even more troublesome for those who were obviously stronger than him.

Although his methods were impressive, they were limited to the Demonic Luo Star World. However, the one that truly made his name in the entire Nine Luminaries Great Star area was the collision with the Thunder God Palace more than 100,000 years ago.

That collision was Xuan Yi’s battle to become famous.

He had gone from an ordinary Ruler who only had a certain level of fame in the Demonic Luo Star World to a famous figure in the entire Nine Luminaries Great Star area. He had become well-known.

During that battle, Xuan Yi had used his third-level Ruler combat strength to not only kill several fourth-level Rulers of the Thunder God Palace, but most importantly, he had also killed a super genius of the Thunder God Palace, Lei Yi!

At that time, Lei Yi was publicly acknowledged as the number one genius of the Thunder God Palace and the entire Nine Luminaries Great Star area. Although he was only a third-level Ruler, he had already comprehended a trace of the universe principles, in addition, he was one of the personal disciples of the Thunder God Palace Ruler. With a large amount of resources to nurture him, his potential was limitless.

However, in that battle 100,000 years ago, Lei Yi was killed by Xuan Yi.

Perhaps Lei Yi himself did not expect that he, who was also a third-level Ruler and was publicly acknowledged as the number one genius of the entire star area, would actually die in the hands of Xuan Yi.

It was because of Lei Yi’s death that the Thunder God Palace was completely enraged. That was why there was a reward that caused a sensation in the entire Nine Luminaries Great Star Field.

“He killed the number one genius of the Thunder God Palace and was also the personal disciple of the palace Ruler of the Thunder God Palace. No wonder the Thunder God Palace was enraged.” Jian Wushuang nodded secretly.

After all, Lei Yi had comprehended a trace of the universe principle.

Even in the Great Star Field, it was extremely difficult for a Ruler to comprehend a trace of universe principle.

For example, in the Bone Pupil Great Star Field, it was not easy for an emperor fire to comprehend a trace of universe principle and was immediately accepted as a personal disciple by the Green Flame Star Lord. The rival Golden Feather Star Lord was willing to pay a great price, however, there was still no second Ruler who had comprehended a trace of universe principle.

Although Lei Yi came from the Thunder God Palace and had been nurtured by the palace with many resources, it was already amazing that he could comprehend a trace of universe principle at the third-level Ruler level. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Such a genius would definitely be regarded as a treasure by the Thunder God Palace, but it was a pity that this treasure was killed by Xuan Yi.

As for the reason why Xuan Yi killed him..

“It was for a woman?” Jian Wushuang was surprised.

Because in his impression, his Ruler was basically a man who had no desires. He had been in contact with his Ruler for so many years, but he had never heard of any relationship between his Ruler and a woman.

But now, his Ruler, Xuan Yi, actually killed someone for a woman, and it was a super genius of the Thunder God Palace.

“This woman named eight must have an unusual relationship with my Ruler.” Jian Wushuang looked at the woman named eight mentioned in the report.

After his Ruler Xuan Yi killed Lei Yi, he disappeared with the woman. Even the Nine Emperor Pavilion could not find their location.

This was all the information about his Ruler Xuan Yi in the Nine Luminaries Star Field and the conflict between him and the Thunder God Palace.

However, what puzzled Jian Wushuang was that his Ruler’s rise in the Nine Luminaries Star Field was so clear. The whole process was verified, and he had lived for a very long time, it was as if he was indeed born in the Nine Luminaries Star Field and had lived in the Nine Luminaries Star Field.

But if he was really born in the Nine Luminaries Star Field and had stayed in the Nine Luminaries Star Field, then what was Xuan Yi in the Divine Beginning Realm?

“Xuan Yi, who was put on the bounty by the Thunder God Palace in the Nine Luminaries Galaxy, has the same appearance and temperament as Ruler. There is no doubt that he is Ruler, but he has been staying in the Nine Luminaries Galaxy. It is obvious that he has never left. What is going on?” Jian Wushuang frowned.

“Could it be a clone?” Jian Wushuang could not help thinking.

But he soon shook his head.

His Ruler, Xuan Yi, had always been enigmatic and mysterious. All kinds of methods made Jian Wushuang feel incredible.

Even though he now had the battle strength of an Ultimate Ruler, his Ruler was still a huge mystery in his heart.

The more he came into contact with this mystery, the more confused he became. To really solve this mystery, perhaps he had to see Xuan Yi again in person.

However, he did not know if his Ruler was still in the Nine Luminaries Galaxy. As for whether he had been found and killed by the people of the Thunder God Palace, Jian Wushuang did not believe it.

He believed that his Ruler was very powerful. Although the Thunder God Palace was very powerful, it was not enough to kill his Ruler.

However, even if his Ruler was still alive, he did not know where he was. The only people who might know his Ruler’s whereabouts were the top officials of the Thunder God Palace.

Thinking of this, Jian Wushuang immediately looked at the second report in front of him, which was about the top experts of the Thunder God Palace.

Immediately, Jian Wushuang began to browse through the information of the top experts of the Thunder God Palace.