Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4068: Suppression

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“How is this possible?”

“A third-level Ruler can destroy 70% of our divine power with one strike? This is impossible!”

The two principle enforcement elders were terrified and stared at Jian Wushuang with wide eyes. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“How can he be so strong? and his swordsmanship is so fast that even I am not qualified to resist it. How can a third-level Ruler be so terrifying?” Emperor Rain looked at Jian Wushuang in disbelief.

He did not know that Jian Wushuang had killed a fifth-level Ruler when he was a second-level Ruler.

After he broke through to the third-level Ruler, his divine power was no weaker than that of a fifth-level Ruler. With his great advantage in the principles, he could easily kill a fifth-level Ruler like an adult bullying a child, he could easily kill a fifth-level Ruler.

Apart from that, he also obtained the violet-blood secret manual, which gave him a certain level of control over the principles of the universe. He was even able to perfectly combine the principles of the universe with his own Sword Dao, reaching the first realm mentioned in the violet-blood secret manual.

Once he reached this first realm, his overall strength once again soared. Right now, in terms of combat power, he had long surpassed a fifth-level Ruler. Even compared to an Ultimate Ruler, he was still infinitely inferior.

Moreover, because of the perfect combination of the universe principle and his sword principle, his swordsmanship was extremely exquisite. Perhaps even the Ultimate Rulers who were good at sword principle were far inferior to him in swordsmanship.

Naturally, he could easily kill these fifth-level Rulers.

Even the top-level Rulers of the fifth-level could only take one or two sword strikes from Jian Wushuang.

“The three of you are already very powerful among the Rulers of the fifth-level, but one strike is not enough. What about another one?” Jian Wushuang smiled, he raised the Wuqi Divine Sword in his hand again.

“Oh no!” The faces of Emperor Rain and the other two changed drastically.

“Run, run!” Emperor Rain shouted in a low voice.

At this moment, Emperor Rain Ruler no longer wanted to take revenge for his disciple.

He was very clear that the other party’s strength was so tyrannical, and it was obvious that they were here for him. Naturally, he was prepared.

If he was not careful in today’s matter, he, Emperor Rain Ruler, would very likely die here, not to mention the two principle enforcement elders beside him who were not even as strong as him.

Following Emperor Rain’s shout, the three figures fled at the same time.

But just as Emperor Rain had said, since Jian Wushuang had lured him here on purpose, he was prepared. How could he give them a chance to escape?

With a thought, the three towering golden stone tablets immediately rose up.

The three Heaven Suppression Tablets appeared from three different voids around the Blood Thunder Cliff. Obviously, Jian Wushuang had placed the three stone tablets there and activated them as soon as Emperor Rain and the others fell into the trap.

As expected, as soon as Jian Wushuang activated the three Heaven Suppression Tablets, the Divine Devil Heaven Suppressing Formation was activated and covered the vast void. Naturally, it also completely covered Emperor Rain and the others.

The terrifying suppressive force directly affected Emperor Rain and the others.

As soon as the Divine Devil Heaven Suppressing Formation was formed, it completely blocked the escape route of the three people.

“Oh no, it’s a suppression formation. I was prepared for it.” Emperor Rain’s expression was extremely ugly.

He immediately recognized that the three golden stone tablets were suppression-type supreme treasures.

The suppression formation activated by the three suppression-type supreme treasures was so powerful that the three fifth-level Rulers could not break it?

The terrifying suppression force that came directly at them made Emperor Rain and the others feel despair.

At this moment, Jian Wushuang had caught up with them.

Without the suppression of the Divine Devil Heaven Suppressing Formation, the three of them could not resist Jian Wushuang’s swordsmanship at all.

However, under the Divine Devil Heaven Suppressing Formation, their strength was greatly suppressed, and Jian Wushuang’s strength had increased again. Now, he was displaying his swordsmanship.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Before the two ordinary principle enforcement elders could even let out a scream, their divine bodies collapsed again. This time, they had no chance to regenerate their divine bodies and were directly killed.

As for Emperor Rain, his endurance was indeed much stronger than the two principle enforcement elders. However, after two consecutive strikes, his divine power had been reduced by nearly 50%. If Jian Wushuang continued to attack, he would definitely die!

Emperor Rain could no longer see any hope of escaping, but his eyes were still cold and filled with violence as he stared at Jian Wushuang, he said sternly, “Boy, what is the grudge between you and me? Why are you scheming against me? Even if I die, you have to let me die with closure.”

“Grudge?

“No, there was no grudge between us before. The reason why I came to deal with you this time is because you are the first principle enforcement elder of the Thunder God Palace and one of the highest-ranking officials of the palace.” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

“What?” Emperor Rain narrowed his eyes. “You have enmity with the Thunder God Palace?”

“No, I just want to know something from you. I’ll ask you now. If your answer satisfies me, maybe I’ll let you live,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

Emperor Rain stared at Jian Wushuang. He wanted to see if Jian Wushuang was lying, but it was obvious that Jian Wushuang was not lying.

“What do you want to know?” Emperor Rain asked in a deep voice.

“More than 100,000 years ago, Lei Yi, the number one genius of your Thunder God Palace, was killed. After that, your Thunder God Palace issued a bounty, causing a great sensation in the entire Nine Luminaries Galaxy. However, not long ago, your Thunder God Palace kept a low profile and removed the reward. Why?

“And the person on the bounty, how is he now?” Jian Wushuang looked at Emperor Rain.

“Bounty?” Emperor Rain looked at Jian Wushuang in surprise. “You’re here for the person on the Bounty?”

“Yes.” Jian Wushuang did not deny it.

“Haha, I see. I’m surprised that the Thunder God Palace has an enemy that is an absolute Ruler in the Nine Luminaries Galaxy. Although we have enemies, there are only a few who can really threaten us. However, your strength must be the strongest among the many potential enemies of the Thunder God Palace. However, the Thunder God Palace did not receive any information before, which is obviously illogical. Now it seems that you’re not a cultivator from the Nine Luminaries Galaxy, but from another Galaxy. Moreover, your relationship with Xuan Yi must be extraordinary.” Emperor Rain laughed.

“I’m asking you, what’s the whereabouts of the person on the bounty?” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were cold.

…