Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4073: Everything Was Ready

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Jian Wushuang could understand.

After all, it was a poison concocted by a Supreme-level Poison Ruler. One drop was enough to easily destroy an ultimate level Ruler, so it was normal for it to be a little more expensive.

If it was not because the way the poison was used was too harsh and difficult, the price would probably be even more expensive.

“8,000 universe origin stones for one drop. I just bought nine drops of Venom and only got 9,000 universe origin stones. Even with all the resources I have left, I can’t buy two drops of such venom. It seems that I can only settle for the second best,” Jian Wushuang thought.

“Supervisor Feixue, give me two drops of venom for each drop of 5,000 origin stones,” Jian Wushuang said.

“Sure. Two drops of poison, 10,000 origin stones in total,” Feixue said.

Jian Wushuang immediately gave Feixue the origin stones he had obtained after selling the nine drops of poison. Then, he took out 1,000 origin stones from his accumulation.

“My friend Blood Sword, there is one more thing I have to remind you. Even if you manage to refine the poison, you can only use it in a simple way. For example, you can merge it into your magic weapon and then let the poison corrode the opponent’s divine body during the attack. However, there is a prerequisite for this method. Your magic weapon must come into contact with the opponent’s divine body. In other words, you must really attack the opponent’s divine body,” Feixue said.

“Of course, I know that,” Jian Wushuang said.

Feixue did not say anything more and immediately went down to prepare the two drops of venom.

Soon, Feixue brought the two drops of brand-new venom to Jian Wushuang.

The two drops of venom were completely black and ink-like. Although they were in a jade bottle, when Jian Wushuang’s soul power came into contact with them, his body and mind became completely cold and his soul almost froze.

“As expected, these two drops of venom are much more powerful than the one I got from Nine Whiskers.” Jian Wushuang’s eyes were shining.

Without a doubt, any one of these two drops of venom could be fatal to an Ultimate Ruler.

Jian Wushuang left the Nine Emperor Pavilion with the two drops of venom. Then he found a new place and began to refine the two drops of venom.

It was even more difficult to refine such a high-level venom.

It took Jian Wushuang a long time to barely refine one drop of the inferior venom he got from Nine Whiskers, and he also spent a lot of energy.

Of course, the current Jian Wushuang was definitely different from before.

Not only had he made great progress in strength, but he also had sufficient experience in refining the venom. Therefore, it did not take him too long to refine it again, although the level was higher.

After 2,000 years, Jian Wushuang had completely refined the two drops of Venom into his Wuqi Divine Sword. On average, he had refined one drop every 1,000 years.

“I’ve already refined the fourth level of the supreme imperishable celestial body, and I’ve completely mastered the two drops of venom, which are worth 10,000 universe origin stones. They have become my trump card. Now, everything is ready. Even if I have more time, my strength and skills won’t be able to improve any further!”

“It’s time to find the Thunder God Palace.”

Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes, which were filled with a fierce light.

He was definitely going to attack the Thunder God Palace. There was no doubt about that.

It was just that when he attacked 5,000 years ago, his strength was obviously not enough. But now, it was almost enough.

“Husband, what are you going to do this time? Do you have a plan?” Leng Rushuang looked at him.

“I’ve already thought of a plan. To be exact, I don’t have a plan. I’ll just kill them,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

“Kill them? Husband, are you going to…” Leng Rushuang looked surprised and worried.

“Don’t worry. After I’ve cultivated the fourth level of the Supreme-level undying celestial body, almost no one can kill me except for the Supreme-level. As for the Thunder God Palace, although there are three final-level Rulers, I’m confident that I can deal with them,” Jian Wushuang said with a confident smile.

“Shuang ‘er, you and Devil Flame stay in the universe boat and wait for my news,” Jian Wushuang said.

“Okay.” Leng Rushuang nodded.

Jian Wushuang immediately set off for the Thunder God Palace.

The Thunder God Palace was one of the four most powerful forces in the Nine Luminaries Galaxy. It had a deep foundation and many experts. There were three ultimate level Rulers.

5,000 years ago, although Jian Wushuang had attacked the Thunder God Palace once, he only wanted to attack one of the highest levels of the palace. That was why he lured Emperor Rain out, but he did not expect to fail in the end.

But now, Jian Wushuang did not plan to hide his attack for the second time.

He wanted to directly attack the Thunder God Palace and use his absolute strength to make the palace compromise and bow down to him.

“Before I really go to the nest of the Thunder God Palace, I should first get some chips.” Jian Wushuang smiled. He did not go to the nest of the Thunder God Palace, but went to the Purple Thunder Star World under the command of the Thunder God Palace.

There were eight level one star worlds in the nine Great Star Fields, which were still in the evolution stage. These eight level one star worlds were controlled by the four strongest forces in the Nine Luminaries Great Star Field.

The Purple Thunder Star World was a level one star world under the control of the Thunder God Palace.

It must be known that the Thunder God Palace was very powerful in the Nine Luminaries Great Star Field and had countless star worlds under its command. For example, there were dozens of level two star worlds under the command of the Thunder God Palace.

Because it had so many second-class star worlds under its command, the Thunder God Palace did not pay much attention to Jian Wushuang when he destroyed the Blood Thunder Cliff.

But the first-class Star Worlds were different. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

There were only eight first-class star worlds in the Nine Luminaries Star Field, and the Thunder God Palace only had two.

These two first-class star worlds were very important to the Thunder God Palace.

But today, Jian Wushuang arrived in the first-class astral world, the Purple Thunder Star World.

The Purple Thunder Star World had a Supreme Holy Land, the Purple Thunder Region, which was occupied by the experts of the Thunder God Palace. The palace had also sent many experts to guard this place all year round, moreover, there was a powerful magic array around the Purple Thunder Region. This magic array was extremely strong, and unless one was an ultimate level Ruler, it would be difficult for anyone to break it.

In addition, the Purple Thunder Star World and the Thunder God Palace were connected by a cosmic tunnel. If something big happened in the Purple Thunder Star World, the experts of the Thunder God Palace could come here as soon as possible to rescue them, this made the status of the Thunder God Palace in the Purple Thunder Star World Unshakable.

In the void above the Purple Thunder Region, a figure stood there coldly.

This figure was naturally Jian Wushuang.