Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4078: Thunder God Palace Master Made His Move

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Thunder God Palace Master stood in the surrounding void and did not make his move.

After all, he was the strongest person in Thunder God Palace. Even among the Ultimate Rulers, he was extremely strong and could even be called a peak existence.

He was Thunder God Palace’s greatest reliance.

But it was precisely because of this that he would not act rashly. Because once he personally acted, it meant that the Thunder God Palace had been pushed to the limit by the other party.

Moreover, the person who was currently charging in front of them was only a third-tier Ruler. The Thunder God Palace Master had to maintain his identity first. Secondly, he also believed that the Thunder God Palace’s First Elder and the Blood Thunder General Ruler working together…it would be enough to take him down.

!!

However, the reality was completely beyond his expectations.

The First Elder of Thunder God Palace and the Blood Thunder General, two Ultimate Rulers, had joined hands and unleashed their full strength, but they could not do anything to this third-level Ruler!

Seeing the pleading eyes of the First Elder of Thunder God Palace and the Blood Thunder General, Thunder God Palace Master’s face turned ashen. After a long while, he finally sighed.

“You two, leave,” Thunder God Palace Master said.

The First Elder of Thunder God Palace and Blood Thunder General immediately retreated. After leaving Jian Wushuang, they still looked at Jian Wushuang with a trace of horror.

Perhaps the onlookers could not see it, but they knew very well that since the two of them fought with Jian Wushuang in close combat, not only did the opponent not feel much pressure, but he also became much more relaxed, he easily blocked their attacks as if he was strolling in the garden.

From the beginning to the end, their attacks did not cause any pressure to the other party.

On the contrary, it was the other party’s exquisite swordsmanship that made the two of them feel great pressure at all times.

“Palace Master, this kid’s comprehension of the universe principles is too high, and his swordsmanship is also very mysterious. If his strength is not much different from his, he can completely rely on his comprehension of the universe principles to easily play us,” the First Elder of Thunder God Palace said softly.

“I see.” Thunder God Palace Master nodded slightly, but his eyes were unusually cold.

“A third-level Ruler can make two Ultimate Rulers of Thunder God Palace helpless. Blood Sword, you are very powerful!” Thunder God Palace Master stared at Jian Wushuang. “Ever since I became the Thunder God Palace Master, there is almost no one in the Nine Luminaries Galaxy that I admire. But today, I can’t admire you. Without a doubt, you are the most terrifying genius that I have seen in my many years of life!”

The First Elder of the Thunder God Palace and the Blood Thunder General looked extremely solemn.

They both agreed with the words of the Thunder God Palace Master.

A third-level Ruler was able to fight head-on with their Ultimate Ruler, and they could not do anything to him even if they joined hands. How difficult was that?

Even in the entire universe, it would be difficult to find such a formidable third-level Ruler?

“Thunder God Palace Master, there’s no need to compliment me. You can either do it yourself or tell me everything I want to know,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

“In that case, it seems that I’ll have to do it myself,” Thunder God Palace Master said calmly.

Although Thunder God Palace Master’s words were very calm, Jian Wushuang immediately became vigilant.

After all, Thunder God Palace Master was not the same as the previous two.

Whether it was the First Elder of Thunder God Palace or the Blood Thunder General Ruler, although they were both Ultimate Rulers, they were only ordinary Ultimate Rulers.

But Thunder God Palace Master was considered to be at the top level among the Ultimate Rulers!

Before Jian Wushuang decided to kill his way to Thunder God Palace, he had carefully inquired about the strength gap between the Ultimate Rulers of Devil Flame. Devil Flame told him that the strength gap between each level of the Ultimate Rulers was very huge.

Generally speaking, those who could reach the top level among the Ultimate Rulers could be more than ten times stronger than ordinary Ultimate Rulers!

“Thunder God Palace Master, let me see how strong you are, the strongest expert of the Thunder God Palace.” Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes, but there was a hint of excitement in them.

Thunder God Palace Master did not say anything else. He just looked at Jian Wushuang coldly.

The next moment, a huge axe appeared in his hand.

It was a red-gold huge axe. It was five meters long and was surrounded by layers of golden thunderbolts. These golden thunderbolts danced wildly in the void, an extremely violent aura was transmitted from the huge axe.

“It’s a medium-grade principle treasure. It’s almost close to an upper-grade principle treasure.” Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes slightly.

He could tell that the huge axe that Thunder God Palace Master took out was not much weaker than his Wuqi Divine Sword.

“Die!”

Thunder God Palace Master said lightly.

As soon as he finished his words, he chopped down with the light golden axe in his hand.

There were no fancy moves, and Thunder God Palace Master did not want to fight Jian Wushuang in close combat. After all, he knew that Jian Wushuang had a very high comprehension of the universe principles, his swordsmanship was much more exquisite than his axe skills.

However, Thunder God Palace’s advantage was also very obvious. It was pure power.

He could easily kill the Ultimate Ruler of the fifth level with a casual attack.

And now, he was using his full strength…as the earth-shaking and terrifying power swept out, countless experts watching the battle showed fear and awe.

Even the First Elder of the Thunder God Palace and the Blood Thunder General, the two Ultimate Rulers, could not help but feel frightened.

The power of the axe of the Thunder God Palace Master was too strong.

It was more than ten times stronger than the most powerful attack of the First Elder of the Thunder God Palace and the Blood Thunder General!

The Mighty Axe Shadow slashed directly at Jian Wushuang. When the axe shadow arrived, it had completely sealed off the void around Jian Wushuang, giving him no room to escape or dodge.

It was purely using force to suppress others!

“Humph!”

Jian Wushuang also appeared as fast as lightning and unleashed his strongest power at this moment.

The mighty power continued to merge into his Wuqi Divine Sword. In the next moment, he directly slashed out with his strongest move, the first move of splitting heaven.

This sword attack was previously able to cut off the cyan crystal jade palm condensed by the First Elder of the Thunder God Palace.

At this moment, this majestic sword light collided with the Mighty Axe Shadow.

Bang! DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

A low sound of collision rang out, and the surrounding void seemed to tremble at this moment.

Jian Wushuang only felt a terrifying power that was completely superior to his own. His heaven-cleaving first move sword skill instantly collapsed, but the Mighty Golden Axe Shadow did not lose its momentum, in an instant, it completely submerged his body.

Bang!

The axe shadow directly hacked Jian Wushuang’s body, directly cutting him into the ground below. A huge hole appeared out of nowhere.

…