Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

4169 Fear!

“Fine. If I can control the power of the Tarot sword now, it’ll make me dependent on it, which will be bad for my future growth.”

Jian Wushuang shook his head. Although he was disappointed, he was not too dejected.

Just as Jian Wushuang was about to put the Tarot Divine Sword into his Interspatial Ring, he was stunned.

“Eh? You can’t put it in?”

He discovered that the Interspatial Ring could not contain the Tarot sword at all. If he tried to melt it by force, the Interspatial Ring would only be torn apart by the destructive sword intent of the Tarot sword.

“This is a little troublesome.”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes flickered. The Tarot Divine Sword was famous and it was inevitable that people in the universe would know about it. If he were to wander around with the Tarot Divine Sword, it would be no different from lighting a lantern in the toilet. He would be courting death.

Jian Wushuang understood the principle that a man’s wealth would make him guilty.

‘I remember that there is a God-sealing vine on the second level of the Tarot Ruins. It was placed in the Interspatial Ring by the sword spirit of the Tarot sword. That God-sealing vine can seal all the aura of a Supreme treasure.’

Jian Wushuang thought for a while and his eyes suddenly lit up. Sure enough, he found an ancient and vast vine in the Interspatial Ring.

Speaking of which, Jian Wushuang’s Interspatial Ring could be said to be filled with all kinds of treasures. in addition to the five small mountains of universe origin stones, there were also countless top divine medicines and divine materials.

Although the God-sealing vine was a rare treasure in the outside world and could be used to refine a top grade cardinal treasure of principles, it was just an ordinary divine material in Jian Wushuang’s Interspatial Ring.

“Seal!”

Jian Wushuang shouted. in a split second, the ancient vine expanded and wrapped around the Tarot Divine Sword, leaving only the hilt exposed.

The sharp and destructive aura of the Tarot Divine Sword instantly disappeared. from a distance, it looked like an ordinary, ancient sword.

Seeing this, Jian Wushuang could not help nodding in satisfaction and carried it on his back.

“Next, I should comprehend the Tarot sword manual. But before that, there are some things I have to deal with.” Jian Wushuang muttered to himself. Then, he looked in a certain direction in the distance and a murderous intent flashed in his eyes.

The Star Ruler and the Heavenly Ruler must die!

Otherwise, he would not be at ease.

Even though he knew that the Star Ruler and the Heavenly Ruler did not know much about him and only knew that he had come from a crack in the void, if the two of them leaked this information, it was inevitable that some people would be able to speculate.

At that time, Jian Wushuang might be in great danger.

Although it was just Jian Wushuang’s speculation, he wanted to kill the possibility of it being one in ten thousand.

Bang!

Jian Wushuang stomped his right foot heavily and his entire body soared into the sky immediately. He chased after the Star Ruler and the Heavenly Ruler in the direction where they had escaped.

Boom!

Jian Wushuang stepped on the sky, one step faster than the other. Finally, his whole body suddenly turned into a thunderbolt between heaven and earth!

…

High up in the sky, the strong wind was intense.

The Star Ruler and the Heavenly Ruler were rushing forward. They only heaved a sigh of relief when they were several thousand kilometers away from the river bank.

“Something must have happened to that monster. It probably won’t be able to catch up for a while.”

The Star Ruler rejoiced.

“Star Ruler, there’s always a way out. we thought that we would die without a doubt, but we didn’t expect that we would be lucky enough to survive. people often say that one is bound for good fortune after surviving a great disaster. I think our opportunity will soon arrive,” Heavenly Ruler replied with a smile.

Having escaped death, his mood could not help but improve, and he even had the mood to joke.

The Star Ruler nodded before shaking her head again. A wisp of worry surged in her eyes. “It’s best that we don’t celebrate too early. That monster is a little strange. It might chase after us.”

“Oh?” Upon hearing this, Heavenly Ruler recalled the scene when Jian Wushuang had slaughtered the hunting team. His eyes turned grave as he said, “Star Ruler, what should we do next?”

The Star Ruler thought for a moment and took a deep breath. A glint of determination flashed through their eyes. “Heavenly Ruler, let’s spread the news about the monster. After all, the monster tore open space in the ruins, which means that there might be another entrance to the Tarot Ruins. I believe that there will be people in the ruins who will be interested in it.

“At that time, I’m sure that the monster will be busy with its own affairs. How will it have the time to care about us?”

The Heavenly Ruler immediately nodded in agreement.

“Let’s go,” The Star Ruler continued, “I remember that the Lord Zhennan is in the south. We can tell him this news first. With his personality, I’m sure he’ll be interested.”

The Star Ruler said as she made her way to the south of the Tarot Ruins. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

A hint of retreat had already appeared in his eyes. He had already made up his mind to leave the Tarot Ruins after this.

There were fewer and fewer treasures appearing in the Tarot ruins, and the competition was getting more and more intense. An Ultimate Ruler with ordinary strength like him had no place to stand, so he might as well leave.

At this moment, someone suddenly patted his shoulder.

“Heavenly Ruler, what are you doing?”

The Star Ruler thought that it was the Heavenly Ruler who had slapped him and turned around.

However, when he turned around, his entire body froze as if he had been struck by lightning!

Behind him, a cold figure in black was staring at him expressionlessly.

“Where are you guys planning to go?”

A ghostly voice sounded.

“It’s you!”

The Star Ruler’s body turned cold and her eyes almost fell out of their sockets.

“W-why did this monster come so quickly?”

“Where were you planning to go when you ran away so quickly?” Jian Wushuang, who was a head taller than him, looked down at him and said with a faint smile.

The Star Ruler took a deep breath and thought of something. She rolled her eyes and laughed drily. “Before…senior, I’m just going to walk around and then leave the Tarot Ruins. I don’t plan on going anywhere.”

“Is that so?” Jian Wushuang squinted his eyes and said noncommittally.

“Of course. There are many Ultimate Rulers in the Tarot Ruins, and I’m just one of the most insignificant ones. I know my own limits and won’t continue to get involved.” The Star Ruler cowered and laughed drily.

He had long been frightened out of his wits by the scene of Jian Wushuang, who was controlled by the sword spirit of Tarot, killing six Ultimate Rulers by himself. Now that he saw Jian Wushuang, he did not dare to resist at all.

“Star Ruler, let’s go. I’ve already sent a message to Lord Zhennan.” The Heavenly Ruler’s voice suddenly drifted over from the front.

…