Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

4181 Alliance

“Take back the godly medicine?”

The Ruler Silver Roc’s lips curled into a mocking smile as he shook his head. “Lord Zhennan, it’s not a matter of us taking back the godly medicine in his hands. It’s time for him to settle the score with us.”

Lord Zhennan squinted his eyes. He was not a stupid person. He immediately understood what the Ruler Silver Roc meant.

“What should we do now?” Lord Zhennan asked.

!!

A cold light flashed through Ruler Silver Roc’s eyes, and his voice turned cold. “My idea is that we should join forces and directly fight him! Otherwise, with our individual forces, we are definitely not the Ninth Kalpa King’s opponent. We will only be killed by him one by one and defeated one by one!”

Lord Zhennan’s eyes flashed with a thoughtful look before he nodded and replied, “Sure.”

The Lord Zhennan still understood the principle of mutual dependence.

In the face of the problem of the Ninth Kalpa King, the Lord Zhennan and the Ruler Silver Roc were like grasshoppers on a rope.

There was no need to think about it. If the Ninth Kalpa King really intended to fight, he would definitely not let them go.

As for the two of them, as long as one of them was defeated, it meant that the other side was not having a good time.

“The Ninth Kalpa King has a grudge with the two of you, but not with me. Silver Roc, why did you call me here?” The Third Prince of the Da Feng Divine Kingdom, who had been silent all this time, finally spoke up.

The Ruler Silver Roc did not feel embarrassed at all. “Your Highness, you’re right. You do have no enmity with the Ninth Kalpa King. However, as the number one Ruler of the universe, no one knows how many treasures he has in his Interspatial Ring. I think Your Highness must be interested in this, right?”

“I can promise here that if the three of us join forces to kill the Ninth Kalpa King, when we divide his treasures, we won’t take my share and will give it all to Your Highness. What do you think?”

When the Third Prince heard this, he suddenly burst out laughing as if he had heard a funny joke.

He looked at the Silver Roc with a mocking expression. “Silver Roc, Oh, Silver Roc. As the Third Prince of Da Feng Divine Kingdom, do you think I’d lack the treasures of a mere Ninth Kalpa King?”

After he finished speaking, he got up and planned to leave.

Ruler Silver Roc nodded. He was not disappointed in the least. It was as if he’d expected the Third Prince’s refusal.

“Your Highness, please wait.” Ruler Silver Roc called out.

The Third Prince stopped in his tracks and turned around. “Oh? What else do you want to say?”

“Your Highness…the Ruler Silver Roc said with. “Smile, I know you’re not interested in the Ninth Kalpa King’s treasures, but… Aren’t you interested in his title as the number one Ruler of the universe? I’ve recently heard that the Supreme Emperor God of Da Feng Divine Kingdom is planning to choose one of his nine princes to be the next Ruler of Da Feng Divine Kingdom and ascend to the throne. If your Highness can kill the number one Ruler of the universe, your power in Da Feng Divine Kingdom will reach a whole new level, right?”

“In addition, I think that if your Highness can help this time, as the southern Garrison liege lord of the Da Feng Divine Kingdom, he will be more or less grateful to Your Highness.”

The Ruler Silver Roc turned to look at the Lord Zhennan.

The Lord Zhennan continued with a smile, “Your Highness, if you can help me this time, I’ll definitely help you ascend the throne on behalf of the Da Feng Divine Kingdom.”

The Ruler Silver Roc and Lord Zhennan both smiled at the Third Prince.

“Your highness, believe me. If we gather the power of the three sides, it will definitely be easy to suppress a Ninth Kalpa King.” Ruler Silver Roc said.

When the Third Prince heard this, his eyes flickered with uncertainty.

After a long time.

The Third Prince looked at the smiling Ruler Silver Roc and Lord Zhennan with an expressionless face. “Ninth Kalpa King, I can go with you to kill him, but I want half of the things in his Interspatial Ring after his death. If our Da Feng Divine Kingdom really starts the fight for the throne, I hope that you can persuade the Supreme Emperor God of your Da Feng Divine Kingdom to support me to the throne. How about it?”

The Da Feng Divine Kingdom and the Da Feng Divine Kingdom were not far from each other, and they were both top powers in the universe. If he could form a good relationship with the Da Feng Divine Kingdom, it would be a great help to the Third Prince.

The Ruler Silver Roc and Lord Zhennan exchanged a smile and nodded without hesitation. “Your Highness, it’s an honor for you to join us.”

The Third Prince made a sound of acknowledgment and said, “Tell me about your plan to deal with the Ninth Kalpa King.”

Lord Zhennan also looked at the Ruler Silver Roc with curiosity. He believed that the Ruler Silver Roc must have had a plan in mind when he called them over.

Ruler Silver Roc smiled. “It’s very simple. In the Ninth Kalpa King’s camp, the only one who can be brought out is him. As for the other Divine Marquis Qingfeng and the Ultimate Ruler, they are nothing to be afraid of.

“Therefore, when the time comes, the three of us only need to restrain and suppress the Ninth Kalpa King. As for the nearly 100 Ultimate Rulers under the three of us, it’s enough to crush the Rulers under the Ninth Kalpa King. Once the Ultimate Ruler under our command completely defeats the forces under the Ninth Kalpa King and turns around to kill him, no matter how powerful the Ninth Kalpa King is, he will inevitably be defeated. If he’s lucky, he may even be able to completely kill the number one Ruler of the universe!”

The Silver Roc’s eyes glowed with a sinister light and seethed with killing intent.

The Lord Zhennan and the Third Prince looked at the Ruler Silver Roc, and for some reason, their hearts could not help but shiver.

…

In the central area of the Tarot Ruins, on the mountain where the Ninth Kalpa King was located.

“Let’s go!”

“I’m only going to trample the Silver Roc!”

The Ninth Kalpa King stood at the head of the group. After he finished speaking in a deep voice, he took a step forward, turned into a stream of light, and took the lead to soar into the sky! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

immediately after.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The other Ultimate Rulers followed closely behind, transforming into a dozen or so streaks of light that shot toward the Ruler Silver Roc.

At this moment, the sky was extremely bright. Led by the Ninth Kalpa King, the streamer, which was accompanied by more than ten peak Ultimate Rulers, exuded a powerful and terrifying aura. It had no intention of hiding its aura at all as it streaked across the sky.

Jian Wushuang was wearing a wide hood, a black robe, and a sword case on his back. He was among the Ultimate Rulers, and they also flew toward the Silver Roc.

“Jian Wushuang, I’m afraid this battle won’t be easy. If you can’t handle it, you should leave first. Do you understand?” Divine Marquis Qingfeng held a heavenly halberd in his hand as he warned.

“Alright,” he said. Jian Wushuang replied with a smile.