Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

4205 Set Off

Jian Wushuang sighed softly. As expected, only a Supreme would be qualified to know the identity of the Lord.

This seemed to be an unspoken rule of the universe, a rule that only circulated among the Supreme-beings.

“Ninth Kalpa King, when will you set off?” Jian Wushuang cleared his throat and asked.

“It should be soon. Jian Wushuang, the Ruler ancient path of stars is not far from the Ruler ancient path of stars. We can go there together.” The Ninth Kalpa King replied.

!!

Jian Wushuang smiled and replied, “I was thinking the same thing.”

“Hahaha, Jian Wushuang, let’s make a promise. We’ll go to the ancient starry sky road together.” The Ninth Kalpa King laughed heartily.

The two of them chatted for a while more before the Ninth Kalpa King left.

As for Jian Wushuang, he started to prepare to go to the ancient starry sky Road.

Before heading to the ancient path of stars, Jian Wushuang planned to increase his strength again.

In terms of cultivation, there was basically no need to think about it in a short period of time. No matter how much Jian Wushuang improved, the effect would be minimal.

However, this did not mean that Jian Wushuang could not become stronger.

He had only understood the surface of the eternal night sword technique, and there was still a lot of room for improvement.

The star slashing sword, a unique killing swordsmanship comprehended by Jian Wushuang, was also not yet complete. Jian Wushuang would strive to execute the star slashing sword to its complete state during this period of time. By then, the power of the star slashing sword would probably have a tremendous change.

And…Jian Wushuang decided to try activating the Tarot Divine Sword.

…

Ten years passed.

In a secret room in Jian Wushuang’s Manor in the sixth mountain range.

Jian Wushuang sat cross-legged and his aura was restrained. There was no fluctuation of divine power.

In front of his knees, there was a dark golden sword covered with mysterious blood-red runes. There was a vertical eye on the hilt of the sword.

Waves of demonic aura emanated from the sword. It was the Tarot Divine Sword that shook the entire universe!

“Jian Wushuang, let’s go to the ancient path of stars!”

At this moment, a deep voice suddenly sounded in Jian Wushuang’s mind.

“You’re finally leaving?” Jian Wushuang slowly opened his eyes and a bright light flashed in his eyes.

The next moment.

“God sealing vine,” Jian Wushuang waved his hand and ancient vines shot out from his sleeve. They wrapped around the Tarot Divine Sword inch by inch, starting from the tip.

Instantly, the demonic aura on the Tarot Divine Sword was completely sealed.

Jian Wushuang picked up the Tarot Divine Sword, put it into a deep red sandalwood sword case, and carried it on his back.

Then, Jian Wushuang stood up and walked outside.

Outside the mountain range, the Ninth Kalpa King was standing in the void with his hands behind his back.

Seeing Jian Wushuang come out, he nodded and said, “Jian Wushuang, can we leave now?”

“Sure.” Jian Wushuang sent a message to Leng Rushuang, who was in the midst of a breakthrough, and nodded.

“Then let’s go.” The Ninth Kalpa King said indifferently.

A moment later, the two of them arrived at the gate of the Divine Life Palace. The Ninth Kalpa King waved his hand, and a pitch-black universe boat suddenly expanded in the wind and suppressed the starry sky.

The two of them entered universe boat.

Boom!

With a loud boom, universe boat let out a roar and accelerated. It turned into a small black dot and disappeared from the Divine Life Palace.

…

The ancient starry sky path was located in the deepest part of the universe and was extremely far from the Divine Life Palace.

However, there were still nearly 90000 years to go before the Grand Clan Gathering, so the two of them were not in a hurry and did not deliberately rush.

Within universe boat.

“Jian Wushuang, how much do you know about the situation on the ancient path of stars?” The Ninth Kalpa King asked casually.

Hearing this, Jian Wushuang could not help but smile bitterly. He shook his head and said, “I don’t know anything.”

The Ninth Kalpa King took a deep breath, and his expression gradually became serious as he replied, “Then let me tell you. The ancient path of stars is filled with heaven’s favorites. Almost all of the strongest heaven’s favorites in the universe are gathered here. There are countless experts, such as the eldest Prince of the Da Feng Divine Kingdom, the young Emperor of the Great Sun Divine Kingdom, and some Divine Sons and holy virgins from some ancient sacred grounds. Every one of them is like me, an invincible existence among Rulers.

“Even when I was an Ultimate Ruler, I didn’t dare to be too careless on the ancient path of stars.”

Hearing this, Jian Wushuang’s expression turned grave.

The universe was vast and there were countless geniuses. Jian Wushuang was not arrogant enough to think that he was invincible in the Ruler realm. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Jian Wushuang, I heard that there are a total of 18 cities on the ancient road of stars. The number of people in each city is fixed. If you want to go far on the ancient road of stars, you have to drive out the people in the city and replace their positions.

“The further you go on the ancient path of stars, the more powerful each city becomes. As for the last few cities, even I, who was an Ultimate Ruler, couldn’t tell how strong they were.” The Ninth Kalpa King said in a deep voice.

Jian Wushuang squinted his eyes.

The 18 cities…it sounded really exciting.

A surging fighting spirit flashed in Jian Wushuang’s eyes. The more the Ninth Kalpa King said so, the more he looked forward to it.

…

As time passed, universe boat continued to move forward in the universe. After 800 years, the Ninth Kalpa King and Jian Wushuang finally arrived at the Supreme ancient starry road.

“Jian Wushuang, I’m here. I have no use for this universe boat. You can take it.”

Ninth Kalpa King walked down from universe boat and looked at Jian Wushuang deeply. “Jian Wushuang, live well. I look forward to the moment we meet at the gathering of all races in the universe.”

Jian Wushuang took a deep breath, cupped his hands, and replied, “Definitely!”

Soon, the Ninth Kalpa King took a step and disappeared from the supreme starry road.

The rest of the time, Jian Wushuang traveled alone.

He followed the location of the ancient path of stars that the Ninth Kalpa King had given him and traveled all the way in the universe.

Jian Wushuang sat cross-legged and continued to comprehend the eternal night divine power.

He could slowly feel that his comprehension of the eternal night sacred art was rising rapidly after he broke through to become a fifth stage great Ruler.

A hundred years had passed.

Jian Wushuang had finally reached the ancient path of stars.

The ancient path of the master star system was much more lively than the desolate ancient path of the Supreme star system. Many huge universe boats were standing in the starry sky, and people were coming and going.

A huge black hole, like a monster’s mouth, was suspended in the starry sky.

Jian Wushuang kept seeing powerful ultimate realm Rulers walking in and out of the whirlpool with indifferent expressions.

This huge black hole had always been the entrance to the ancient path of stars.

Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows and looked at the entrance of the ancient path of stars with great interest.