Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

4211 I’ve Overestimated You

This was the first time he had encountered someone saying something like ‘your talent is not as good as mine’. Even the Ninth Kalpa King, who was also a perfect creature, admitted that he was inferior to Jian Wushuang in terms of talent.

Jian Wushuang did not feel angry when he heard this. Instead, he felt that it was a bit fresh.

“It seems…are we finally going to meet an expert?”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes flickered and a hint of battle intent finally surged in his eyes.

!!

All the opponents he had met along the way had made him lose all interest in fighting. His hands had long been itching to fight.

As for the person in front of him, although he did not look very strong, from the way he spoke, he should be someone who was extremely confident in his own combat strength.

And confidence often came from the affirmation of one’s own strength.

In other words, he was very strong!

“It seems like I can’t deal with them casually anymore.” Jian Wushuang muttered to himself.

Chi!

In the next moment, the Wuqi Divine Sword appeared in Jian Wushuang’s hand. Jian Wushuang looked at Divine Lord Mu Chong and his eyes were filled with fighting spirit. “Divine Lord Mu Chong, let’s fight.”

“What?”

Divine Lord Mu Chong stopped in his tracks and turned to look at Jian Wushuang. He raised his eyebrows and said, “Are you sure?”

“I’m sure,” Jian Wushuang said.

“Fine, I hope this battle won’t leave you with the shadow of fear.” Divine Lord Mu Chong sighed and shook his head as if he was feeling sorry for Jian Wushuang.

Then, he picked up the cold moon scimitar and took a step forward. Suddenly, he turned into an afterimage and slashed at Jian Wushuang.

“Nine Dao slash!” Divine Lord Mu Chong shouted.

“Whoosh!”

In an instant, the Cold Moon Saber in his hand slashed out a Cold Moon Saber light. After the Cold Moon Saber light shot out from the saber, it instantly split into nine saber lights that were a thousand feet long. They folded the void and slashed down like lightning!

Waves of sharp divine power and universe principles covered the blade light. It was extremely powerful and mysterious, dazzling and unrivaled.

“Nine Dao slash! This is the ultimate technique of Divine Lord Mu Chong!”

“These nine slashes aren’t as simple as one splitting into nine. These nine slashes are like rising and falling waves, each stronger than the last. Nine slashes are enough to instantly kill an ordinary Ultimate Ruler!”

Behind Jian Wushuang, the many Ultimate Rulers’ eyes narrowed as they spoke.

However, Jian Wushuang frowned.

From Jian Wushuang’s point of view, the divine power fluctuations from the nine blade lights were much stronger than those of the Ultimate Rulers he had met before.

However, that was all.

“It seems…just like this?” Jian Wushuang felt the divine power fluctuation on the nine blade lights and he could not help but frown.

“No, there must be something wrong! This person is so confident, he can’t be this weak!” Jian Wushuang muttered to himself. Then, he held the Wuqi Divine Sword in his hand tightly and unleashed twenty percent of his divine power to slash at the nine saber lights!

This was the first time Jian Wushuang had used a sword since he had broken through to the fifth stage Ruler realm! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Even though the stroke only contained 20% of Jian Wushuang’s divine power, the power that was unleashed was much stronger than the full-power attack that Jian Wushuang had unleashed when he was a fourth stage Ruler.

“Rumble!”

In an instant, the heavens and earth lost their color as a scarlet sword energy slashed out like a sun-swallowing python!

This strike was like a stone that caused a thousand waves, shocking everyone!

There were no words that could describe the terror in everyone’s eyes when they saw the sword. At that moment, the entire First City trembled as the scarlet sword light crushed countless Qi activities. It carried a power that could destroy the heavens and earth as it slashed down on Divine Lord Mu Chong!

Bang!

The moment the scarlet sword radiance collided with the nine blood moon blade radiances, the nine blood moon blade radiances were crushed.

After the Scarlet sword radiance dimmed a little, it slashed down at Divine Lord Mu Chong once again!

“This?”

Divine Lord Mu Chong’s expression changed drastically and he could no longer maintain the calm and self-confidence on his face. He looked at the destructive sword that was descending from the sky and his lips started to tremble.

“How can he be this strong?” At that moment, not only did Divine Lord Mu Chong’s expression change, the Ultimate Rulers behind Jian Wushuang were also shocked and gasped.

They had expected that Jian Wushuang would be very strong, but they had not expected him to be so powerful when he really attacked!

“Break!!!”

Divine Lord Mu Chong’s handsome face was flushed red as he roared.

In an instant, several defensive nomological treasures were taken out by Divine Lord Mu Chong to block the sword!

This was not enough. Mu Chong bit the tip of his tongue and used a secret technique that burned his divine power to strike out 999 times to block the sword!

“Rumble!”

In that instant, a series of explosions rang out and a huge crater was created in the First City, raising a huge cloud of dust.

However, under the laws of the ancient path of stars, these giant pits were quickly restored to their original state.

Finally, the smoke and dust gradually dispersed.

Divine Lord Mu Chong’s hair was disheveled and he was in an extremely sorry state. He panted heavily and was no longer as calm as he was before.

Jian Wushuang could not help but let out a long ‘huh’ when he saw this.

“Just this much strength?”

Jian Wushuang muttered to himself and suddenly understood. He had probably overestimated Divine Lord Mu Chong.

Before he had stepped onto the ancient path of stars, both the Blood Wave Ruler and the Ninth Kalpa King had instilled in him the idea that everyone on the ancient path of stars was very powerful.

As a result, Jian Wushuang maintained a ‘cautious’ attitude ever since he stepped onto the ancient path of stars.

This caused him to subconsciously overestimate Divine Lord Mu Chong’s strength when he first met him.

Jian Wushuang retracted his thoughts and cupped his hands at Divine Lord Mu Chong. He said indifferently, “Thanks for letting me win.”

When Divine Lord Mu Chong heard this, his lips twitched.

He was proud, but he was not a narrow-minded person. He could feel that Jian Wushuang had stopped at the last moment. Otherwise, he would not be standing here safe and sound.

“Thank you for stopping, sir.” Taking a deep breath, Divine Lord Mu Chong said with heartfelt admiration.

Jian Wushuang nodded and continued to walk toward the First City.

“Wait.”

At that moment, Divine Lord Mu Chong suddenly called out to him.

Jian Wushuang turned around and looked at Divine Lord Mu Chong with a puzzled expression.

“Sir Blood Sword, based on your level of power, you shouldn’t be in the First City. The city behind you should be the place for you to fight for power. Hence, Sir Blood Sword, why don’t you head straight to the Second City?” Divine Lord Mu Chong said respectfully.

After Jian Wushuang displayed his power, Divine Lord Mu Chong naturally could not treat Jian Wushuang with the same attitude as before.

The strong were respected, and this was the hard truth everywhere.