Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

4215 The Master of Blood Sword City

As for Ruler Bone Armor, he was lifted up by Jian Wushuang’s five fingers. He felt as if the five fingers were like five unparalleled mountains, strangling his throat. No matter how he struggled and roared, he could not move at all.

“What…how did he become so much stronger all of a sudden?” Ruler Bone Armor’s face turned pale.

“Why would I need a sword to kill you?”

Jian Wushuang’s expression was cold. Between his five fingers, there was a vast and vigorous divine power and a sharp sword essence that could tear the sky and the earth. They exploded at the same time!

!!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The Ruler Bone Armor’s body trembled as if it had been struck by a giant hammer thousands of times.

A crack immediately appeared on his dry and dark skin.

His self-proclaimed invincible defense had been broken!

“No!”

The Ruler Bone Armor immediately let loose a cry of alarm upon seeing the crack.

For the first time, he felt the threat of death!

Jian Wushuang turned a deaf ear to his words. Ice-cold sword essence slithered between his five fingers like snakes and kept exploding in the body of the Ruler Bone Armor!

“Bang bang bang!”

“Bang bang bang!”

One crack, two cracks, three cracks…

In just a few short moments, cobweb-like cracks appeared on the Ruler Bone Armor’s shriveled skin. He had reached his limit!

Finally!

“Bid farewell to the world. Don’t worry, your master will come down to accompany you soon.”

Jian Wushuang grabbed Ruler Bone Armor by the neck and pulled him up to him. he then whispered something in his ear.

Then, the divine power and sword essence in Jian Wushuang’s hands exploded again!

Kachakachaa!

Ruler Bone Armor’s body instantly split apart, and then with a loud boom, his body exploded into dust!

In the ancient path of stars, the First City’s number one Ruler, the Ruler Bone Armor, had died!

The whole place was dead silent.

At that moment, everyone held their breath and looked at Jian Wushuang with great respect.

First place!

Everyone knows that from this moment on, the First City’s sky has changed!

From now on, the Blood Sword will replace the Ruler of the bone armor and become the First City’s city lord!

The crowd was silent for a few seconds before they erupted.

“The City Lord of Blood Sword City!”

“The City Lord of Blood Sword City!”

“The City Lord of Blood Sword City!!!”

Countless people lowered their heads and roared in a fanatical manner.

For a moment, the two words ‘Blood Sword’ filled the sky, and terrifying sound waves soared into the sky.

Countless Ultimate Rulers stared at Jian Wushuang’s back with fanatical eyes!

Legendary!

To them, the fact that Jian Wushuang had defeated nine hundred and ninety-nine opponents in a row from the last person in the First City to kill Ruler Bone Armor with his fifth stage Ruler power was simply a legend!

And they were so lucky to be able to witness the legendary realm!

Under the fanatical gazes, Jian Wushuang stood with his hands behind his back and an indifferent expression on his face, as if he had just done something insignificant.

“You’re all dismissed.”

Jian Wushuang shook his head and walked straight to the governor’s office of the First City.

There, the words ‘bone banner’ had disappeared and were replaced by the words ‘Blood Sword’!

Jian Wushuang hung up his wooden token and walked into the city lord mansion under everyone’s respectful gaze.

…

At the same time, outside the First City’s gates.

Countless people were focused on the ranking on the stone tablet, not even daring to blink their eyes!

At this moment, there was complete silence outside the city gates. Everyone wanted to see if the Blood Sword could create a miracle and reach the top!

A moment later, the ranking on the stone tablet suddenly flashed with a golden light!

“It’s coming, it’s coming! The rankings are about to change!”

“So, Blood Sword really did challenge the Ruler Bone Armor. I wonder if he’ll succeed!”

Countless people looked over, not even daring to take a deep breath!

Finally, the golden light gradually dissipated!

First City, first place, Blood Sword!

“Boom!”

In an instant, the crowd was in an uproar!

“First place! Blood Sword ascends to First City’s first rank!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“A miracle! The Blood Sword really did defeat Ruler Bone Armor!”

“Hahahaha, I knew that the Blood Sword would defeat the bone Chi, but you didn’t believe me. I was right, wasn’t I? I just don’t know if the Blood Sword will continue down this path, or will it become like the bone armor Overlord and remain in the First City to dominate the world.”

“I’m more and more certain that the Blood Sword will become a powerful figure on the ancient path of stars. He might even be able to compete with the top geniuses in the universe!”

Countless people either exclaimed or laughed as they discussed.

When the people from wandering cultivator alliance saw this, they felt like they had eaten a fly and retreated.

…

At this moment, in the First City’s governor’s residence.

Jian Wushuang sat on a futon with his legs crossed. The strong aura of rules gushed toward him like the sea.

“On this ancient path of stars, the further one goes, the stronger the aura of laws will be. Hence, it also creates a scene where the strong become stronger and the weak become weaker.”

Jian Wushuang opened his eyes and a thoughtful look flashed in his eyes.

To him, be it the Ruler Bone Armor or the First City, they were all just small interludes on the ancient path of stars.

His gaze had never once been set upon the First City.

Therefore, when the other Ultimate Rulers saw that Jian Wushuang had reached the top, they were all excited and fanatical. However, Jian Wushuang himself was not affected at all.

The First City’s power is not worth mentioning. I wonder how powerful they will be in the later stages of the city.

Jian Wushuang’s eyes flickered. If he only relied on divine power, his current power should have reached the top level of an Ultimate Ruler.

With the addition of universe laws and sword principle Origin Energy, Jian Wushuang could easily kill a top-tier Ultimate Ruler!

Ruler Bone Armor, for example, was an expert even at the peak-level of the Ultimate Ruler level!

With the addition of sky-opening, star-slashing, and his innate divine power, Jian Wushuang was confident that he could kill the invincible Ultimate Ruler!

Such invincible Ultimate Rulers were like Lord Zhennan, the Third Prince, and the others who had been in the Tarot Ruins.

Back then, Jian Wushuang had used all his skills and the eternal night sword to kill this invincible Ultimate Ruler. However, after breaking through to the fifth stage great Ruler and mastering the star slashing sword, Jian Wushuang was confident that if he met Prince Zhennan, the Third Prince, and the others again, he could kill them without relying on the ‘eternal night’ in the Tarot sword manual!

As for using a great super power like ‘eternal night’, Jian Wushuang was confident that he would not be defeated even if he were to fight against a truly invincible Ultimate Ruler like the Ninth Kalpa King, who even had the battle strength of a Supreme!

If he were to activate the Tarot sword, Jian Wushuang was not sure how powerful it would be.

Time passed by slowly. Jian Wushuang did not stay in the First City for long. After he had recovered his divine power, Jian Wushuang left the First City quietly and headed to the Second City.

The First City is only an appetizer. The true experts have long since reached the depths of the ancient path of stars.

Jian Wushuang turned back to look at the First City. he then took a deep breath and left the First City without any hesitation!