Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

4217 The Divine Lord Invites You

In sixty years, Jian Wushuang had conquered four cities and reached the top of the four cities. Finally, he reached the Fifth City!

In terms of overall strength, the cultivators in the first four cities were indeed stronger than the previous one. To Jian Wushuang, it was not much of a difference. the enemies he encountered were often settled with one sword. occasionally, when he encountered difficult enemies, no one could resist Jian Wushuang’s ‘sky-opening’.

The chubby yellow-robed cultivator was called Ruler Hao Jin. Jian Wushuang had met him in the third city when he had been besieged by many experts.

It was none of Jian Wushuang’s business. However, the group of people happened to block his way. Jian Wushuang killed all the experts with ease. The yellow-robed cultivator saw this and immediately hugged Jian Wushuang’s leg, refusing to let go.

!!

Seeing this, Jian Wushuang took it with him.

“This is the Fifth City?”

Jian Wushuang was not surprised. Starting from the Second City, there was no limit to the number of people on the ancient path of stars. This caused many Ultimate Rulers who could not continue to move forward to gather in First City.

“Let’s go in.”

Jian Wushuang shook his head, collected his thoughts, and walked toward the street step by step.

Ruler Hao Jin quickly followed behind Jian Wushuang.

On the roadside, many Ultimate Rulers looked at Jian Wushuang and Ruler Hao Jin. At first, they were surprised, but then their eyes flickered, as if they were thinking about something. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Blood Sword, the strongest person in the Fifth City is Yin Yang Divine Lord.” Ruler Hao Jin seemed rather reserved under the gazes of the other Ultimate Rulers, and he carefully introduced them.

“Yin Yang Divine Lord?” Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows and looked at Ruler Hao Jin with interest. He said, “Continue.”

“Alright,” he said. Ruler Hao Jin nodded and replied, “Blood Sword, I don’t know much about the Yin Yang Divine Lord. I only heard that the Yin Yang Divine Lord’s origin is mysterious and his strength is unprecedentedly powerful. He wasn’t originally from the Fifth City, but he suddenly descended from the depths of the ancient road.

“After he descended upon the Fifth City, Yin Yang Divine Lord killed the original city Master of the Fifth City in just three moves and became the current controller of the Fifth City.”

At this point, Ruler Hao Jin paused, as if he had thought of something. He patted his head and said, “By the way, there’s one more thing. I almost forgot to mention that Yin Yang Divine Lord isn’t alone.”

“Not just one person?” Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows and asked in confusion, “What do you mean?”

“Yes, the Yin Yang Divine Lord and the Yang Divine Lord are both top experts among the Ultimate Rulers. They cultivate the same techniques and have a high understanding of the origin power of yin and yang. It is said that even the nearly invincible Rulers will find it difficult to deal with them when they work together.” Ruler Hao Jin continued to ramble on.

“This is interesting.”

Jian Wushuang replied casually, but his eyes were looking elsewhere.

He could sense that ever since he stepped into the Fifth City, the people of the Fifth City had been looking at him strangely.

That feeling was like a wolf that had been starving for a long time, and a lamb that had finally come to its door.

Although the people of the Fifth City were trying their best to hide the greed and cruelty in their eyes, Jian Wushuang had seen this kind of gaze too many times and naturally saw through it at a glance.

Jian Wushuang frowned, suppressed his thoughts, and continued to walk forward.

In a restaurant next to the Imperial Road, by the window.

“You, look, isn’t that black-robed fifth stage great Ruler the person the Divine Lord has put a bounty on?”

An Ultimate Ruler, who had been casually glancing at the Imperial Road, suddenly trembled when he saw Jian Wushuang and quickly said, “Eh? who was it? That Sir Divine Lord, the person with the one million Universe Origin Stones bounty?”

Immediately, all the people in the restaurant crowded over and looked at Jian Wushuang.

“Fifth stage, sword case on the back…there’s no mistaking it, this person must be the one the Divine Lord has put a bounty on!”

“Let’s go and inform the Divine Lord of this person’s appearance! Don’t let anyone else get there first!”

They all took a deep breath and suppressed the excitement in their hearts. Then, they hurried toward the City Lord’s mansion.

For a moment, conversations similar to those in restaurants were staged all over the Fifth City.

As for Jian Wushuang, he still didn’t know that he had already become the target of public criticism. He just subconsciously frowned more and more.

“There’s something strange about the Fifth City.”

Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes. He could see that as he went deeper into the Fifth City, many Ultimate Rulers on the roadside swept in the same direction after taking a glance at him.

“B-B-B-Blood Sword, there’s something wrong with the way they’re looking at us.”

At this moment, Ruler Hao Jin also noticed that the atmosphere was a little off, and he swallowed his saliva.

“Did we offend some big shot? That can’t be right, we just stepped into the Fifth City and haven’t even spoken to anyone, how could we have provoked anyone?” Ruler Hao Jin was rather puzzled.

Jian Wushuang suddenly thought of something and squinted his eyes.

Provoke?

If there was anyone that he had offended, there was only one person.

He was the First City’s Ruler Bone Armor!

At this moment, a series of heavy footsteps suddenly came from the ground.

Peng, peng, peng.

Peng, peng, peng.

Then, Jian Wushuang saw a group of black-armored guards holding long axes, wearing black armor and helmeted hats with a white feather on them, walking toward him expressionlessly.

They stopped in front of Jian Wushuang. The leading black-armored guard first took a look at Jian Wushuang’s face and then took out a dark light mirror from his waist, as if to confirm his identity.

In the end, the leading black-armored guard put away the dark light mirror and asked expressionlessly, “Are you the Blood Sword?”

“It’s me.” Jian Wushuang nodded his head calmly.

“Blood Sword, our Divine Lord has invited you to come with us.” The black guard said expressionlessly.

Before Jian Wushuang could say anything, Ruler Hao Jin, who was following behind Jian Wushuang, quivered and asked hurriedly, “Sir, may I ask why sir Divine Lord is looking for us?”

“Eh? And who are you?” The leading black-armored guard gave Ruler Hao Jin a once-over, then frowned. “It’s none of your business, so quickly step aside.”

“I…”

Before he could continue, Jian Wushuang extended his hand and stopped him.

He looked at the black-armored guard indifferently and said calmly, “Bring me there.”

The black-armored guard nodded and smiled faintly, “Let’s go, Sir Divine Lord. I’ve been waiting for you for a long time.”

…