4222 The Sixth City

“Eh? What’s going on?”

Yin Divine Lord’s face was filled with joy. he thought that someone had saved his life.

He quickly looked up.

However, Jian Wushuang withdrew the Wuqi Divine Sword and looked at him expressionlessly.

!!

“Blood Sword, what do you mean by this?”

Yin Divine Lord asked, but his tone was less aggressive and provocative.

Although he did not know why Jian Wushuang had spared his life at the last moment, he was glad to have survived Jian Wushuang’s attack.

At that moment, he did not dare to provoke Jian Wushuang again.

Jian Wushuang stood in the void with his hands behind his back and said indifferently, “I’ll keep your life for now. Go back and tell the heavenly snake playboy behind you to wait for me. I’ll come to you in person soon.”

Hearing this, Yin Divine Lord’s pupils shrank.

“Blood Sword, you’re really not going to kill me?” Said Yin Divine Lord in disbelief.

“I’ll only let you live for a few days. I’ll give you a chance to be buried with your master.” Jian Wushuang replied indifferently.

When Yin Divine Lord heard this, he was overjoyed.

“Hahaha, Blood Sword, you asked for this!”

“Alright, Blood Sword, let’s wait and see!” Yin Divine Lord did not dare to say anything as he was afraid that if he said something wrong, he would anger Jian Wushuang and cause him to change his mind.

After saying that, Yin Divine Lord turned around and fled into the distance in a sorry state.

Jian Wushuang shook his head nonchalantly. To him, Yin Divine Lord was just an ant that he could kill with a flip of his hand. If he wanted to kill him, he could do it at any time.

It was Heavenly Snake Playboy who was behind this that Jian Wushuang really wanted to kill!

In the distance.

“Blood Sword!”

Ruler Hao Jin was so excited that his entire body was trembling. He looked at Jian Wushuang with a fanatical gaze.

He won!

The Blood Sword actually won!

Yin Yang Divine Lord was a well-known Ultimate Ruler in the Ruler realm. Before he was subdued by Heavenly Snake Playboy, he was one of the top figures in the universe Ruler realm. Even Ruler Hao Jin had heard of Yin Yang Divine Lord before he stepped onto the ancient starry sky path!

However, the two of them had been defeated by the Blood Sword, and the Yang Divine Lord had died immediately!

If the Blood Sword had not taken the initiative to stop in the end, Yin Divine Lord would have died there and there would be no more Yin Yang Divine Lord in the world!

“Strong! He was too strong! The Blood Sword’s strength is definitely enough to compete with the top geniuses on the ancient path of stars!” There was a glint in Ruler Hao Jin’s eyes. At that moment, he was completely convinced by Jian Wushuang. He made up his mind that no matter what they encountered on the ancient path of stars in the future, he would follow Jian Wushuang closely!

Such a powerful yet gentle and humble backer was simply hard to come by in ten thousand years!

He had to hold her tightly!

In the void, Jian Wushuang lowered his head and smiled at Ruler Hao Jin. Then, under the reverent gazes of the Rulers of the Fifth City, he walked down from the sky.

At this moment, he had retracted all of his divine power, but it was as if he was stepping on a stairway to heaven with every step he took. His entire body seemed to be lifted up by the heaven and earth.

He was dressed in a simple black robe and his aura was only that of a fifth stage Ruler. Everyone present was at a higher level than him.

However, at this moment, everyone raised their heads to look at him. No one dared to show any presumptuous expression on their faces.

Pfft.

Jian Wushuang took a step forward and glanced at Ruler Hao Jin. He said indifferently, “This matter is over, let’s go.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Yes!”

Ruler Hao Jin rubbed his face and agreed excitedly. Then, he flew over and followed Jian Wushuang.

Seeing Jian Wushuang walking over, the crowd automatically made way for him in silence.

Their expressions were complicated. In the beginning, they had thought that Jian Wushuang was a soft persimmon that they could squeeze as they pleased because of the one million Universe Origin Stones that Yin Yang Divine Lord had offered.

Therefore, when Jian Wushuang stepped into the Fifth City, they did not bother to hide the greed in their eyes.

However, in less than a day, this person, who they had looked down on in the beginning, had become an existence that they could not even look up to!

The black-armored guards who had captured Jian Wushuang were also among the crowd. They had escaped because they had been guarding the gate of the mansion of the governor and had not been killed by Jian Wushuang.

At this moment, their hearts were filled with extreme fear.

Fortunately, he had not offended Jian Wushuang in any way, except for his cold attitude.

The crowd automatically opened up a path for Jian Wushuang to pass through.

Among these people, there was no lack of people who had secretly informed Yin Yang Divine Lord when he had first arrived in the Fifth City. However, at this moment, they all lowered their heads respectfully and did not dare to look into Jian Wushuang’s eyes.

Finally, Jian Wushuang stepped on the steps of the passage gate of the Fifth City.

The Sixth City was right behind them.

Just as Jian Wushuang was halfway through the passage door.

“We’re waiting…farewell, Lord Blood Sword.”

“We’re waiting…farewell, Lord Blood Sword!”

In the crowd, a person first whispered words of respect, and then more and more people began to shout!

Lord Blood Sword, we will see you off!

Finally, the words ‘Lord Blood Sword’ resounded throughout the Fifth City and soared into the sky!

The strong should be respected!

No matter where it was, this was a matter of course!

Jian Wushuang had won the greatest respect with his own strength!

Jian Wushuang did not stop walking and disappeared into the passage door.

The onlookers looked at the passage door where Jian Wushuang was no longer there. Inexplicably, they all had a sudden realization.

From now on, the ancient path of stars would probably become lively because of the Blood Sword.

There were even more people who sighed in their hearts.

“Last night, I entered the mortal world, and no one knew me. From today onwards, I’m the Lord of Heaven!”

…

Whoosh.

After passing through a dark passage, Jian Wushuang’s field of vision suddenly brightened.

In the next moment, Jian Wushuang and Ruler Hao Jin appeared at the exit of the Sixth City’s passageway.

“Blood Sword, this is the Sixth City. This place can no longer be called a city. The space within it is much wider than the first five cities. We usually call this place the sixth secret realm, the grotto-heaven world.” Ruler Hao Jin explained.

Jian Wushuang nodded. He immediately released his divine power and discovered that the vastness of this place was far beyond the range of his senses. His divine power, which could cover the stars, could only cover a corner of this place.

Indeed, this place should not be called a city anymore. It would be more appropriate to call it a heavenly passage world.