Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

4225 The Reward

Jiuxi looked at Jian Wushuang sincerely.

These words came from the bottom of her heart.

Jian Wushuang had saved her life, and she really did not want to see Jian Wushuang lose his life in vain.

“You don’t have to worry about that.” Jian Wushuang replied with a faint smile.

!!

Jiuxi thought Jian Wushuang did not believe her, so she said seriously, “Blood Sword, I wasn’t exaggerating at all. In fact, Heavenly Snake Playboy’s strength is even more terrifying than what I said…”

Before she could finish, someone suddenly patted her shoulder.

She turned her head in confusion.

Ruler Hao Jin glanced at her, then shook his head and chuckled. “Holy Maiden Jiuxi, I think you’re wrong. It’s not Heavenly Snake Playboy who is going to let Lord Blood Sword go, but Lord Blood Sword who is not willing to let him go! Do you understand?”

After that, the two of them ignored her and continued to walk forward.

“This…”

Holy Maiden Jiuxi was stunned.

She looked at the backs of the two people and suddenly felt that there seemed to be layers of fog on these two people, extremely mysterious.

“Forget it, forget it. He saved my life after all. I can’t just watch him die.”

Jiuxi gritted his teeth and followed closely.

At the same time, in the eighth city, there was a Grand Hall. There was no light inside, and it looked extremely gloomy.

At this moment, the tightly shut door was slowly pushed open, and a trace of light gradually spread in through the crack in the door.

Then, he saw Yin Divine Lord walking in with his back bent and his heart trembling in fear.

“Master.”

After stepping into the hall, he quickly knelt down on the floor with a plop. Then, he put his hands on the ground and moved his knees inch by inch as he walked in.

In the deepest part of the hall, there was a blood-red chair.

A devilish young man with long black hair draped over his back, wearing a long robe that dragged the floor, slowly opened his eyes.

His face was hidden in the darkness, and a hoarse voice came from his throat.

“Yin slave, what about the Blood Sword’s head?”

Yin Divine Lord, who had an awe-inspiring presence in the Fifth City, was now like a quail with its head lowered. He trembled and buried his head in the ground as he said, “Master, the Blood Sword is too powerful. The Yang Divine Lord and I are no match for it.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In the depths of the darkness of the hall, there was a moment of silence.

Then, the hoarse voice sounded again.

“What about Yang slave?”

“Master, the Yang Divine Lord was killed by the Blood Sword in one strike.” Yin Divine Lord replied respectfully.

“Oh? If he’s dead, How did you come back alive?” The devilish young man asked without any emotions in his voice.

“Master, the Blood Sword asked me to pass on a message to you. That’s why I came back alive.” Yin Divine Lord replied.

“Give me a word?” The demonic youth exclaimed in surprise, and then the corners of his mouth curled up. “What did he say?”

Hearing that, Lord Yin did not dare to say what Jian Wushuang had said. He hesitated for a long time before he gritted his teeth and said quickly, “The Blood Sword, he…he told you to wait for him here, and it won’t be long before he comes to visit me personally and lets me be buried with you.”

After he finished speaking, Yin Divine Lord did not even dare to breathe loudly. His head that was buried in the ground lowered even more.

As for the devilish young man, he was silent for a moment before he burst out laughing.

“Hahaha, interesting, very interesting! He actually asked me to wait for him at the city? And that you’d be buried with me?”

This laughter was extremely terrifying. The entire hall shook violently because of this unbridled laughter.

The evil-looking young man laughed so hard that tears were rolling down his face. He wiped his eyes and looked at Yin Divine Lord, who was kneeling on the ground. “Yin slave, you really listen to him.”

Hearing this, Lord Yin’s heart turned cold and he quickly said, “Master, you’ve misunderstood…”

Without waiting for him to finish, the devilish young man stuck out his scarlet tongue and licked the corner of his mouth. He laughed eerily and said, “Yin slave, you are so obedient to him. How do you think I should reward you?”

In an instant, Yin Divine Lord felt a chill run up his spine and up his head.

Only he knew how terrifying the ‘reward’ that the devilish young man had mentioned was!

“Master, please spare me! Master, please spare me this time! I don’t want to die!” Yin Divine Lord cried out in fear.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

He raised his head and kept kowtowing to beg for mercy, making loud banging sounds on the floor.

“Dead? I won’t, I’m just sending you to a beautiful place.” The devilish young man laughed slyly.

The next moment!

A huge snake tail suddenly shot out from the darkness!

Bang!

The snake’s tail wrapped around Yin Divine Lord’s body and pulled him back into the darkness.

Ah!

In the hall, Yin Divine Lord’s shrill cry could be heard.

After a while, the hall quieted down, leaving only the hissing sound of a poisonous snake. It was extremely eerie.

In the deepest part of the hall, the evil-looking young man opened his mouth and bit deeply into Lord Yin’s neck with his two fangs. Countless divine power flowed through the two fangs of the evil-looking young man and into his body.

Yin Divine Lord could no longer make a sound. his body was trembling and his legs were shaking on the ground. He could only stare at the evil young man with a frightened look.

His face gradually turned from green to white, and then to gray.

Gradually, there was no more movement from Lord Yin.

“You’re all useless.”

He opened his mouth and stuck out his forked tongue, licking the corner of his mouth.

He shook his head and the snake tail that was wrapped around Yin Divien Lord slowly loosened.

Bang!

Yin Divine Lord’s corpse fell to the ground. His eyes were wide open as if he had seen something extremely terrifying before he died.

The evil-looking young man ignored him and stood up from his seat. He walked into the darkness and arrived at the entrance of the palace.

His eyes shrank slightly under the light. They were golden snake-like vertical pupils!

Behind him was a long snake tail covered in pitch-black scales.

He was Heavenly Snake Playboy!

“Blood Sword? Hehehehe, interesting, really interesting. I’m looking forward to the moment I see you more and more.”

Heavenly Snake Playboy chuckled in a low voice, and his voice was extremely cold.

“When the time comes, how should I reward you?”

…

The Sixth City.

Jian Wushuang, Ruler Hao Jin, and Holy Maiden Jiuxi had already reached the central area of the Sixth City.

A majestic city appeared beneath their feet.

“Sir Blood Sword, this is the center of the Sixth City. Most of the Supreme Rulers of the Sixth City are gathered here.” The Holy Maiden Jiuxi introduced.

Jian Wushuang nodded and said, “Yes, go in.”