Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

4247 Fei Hong (Part Two)

The blow this time made Fei Hong feel disheartened. He was like a stray dog, wandering around aimlessly.

All of a sudden, he wanted to go home and see his old parents, whom he had not seen in ten years.

However, when he returned home, the scene in front of him made him break down!

Blood flowed like a river, and corpses covered the land!

All the people in the small village had been slaughtered by the people from the Purgatory Sword Sect!

His parents’ bodies were left on the side of the road, almost eaten by the wild dogs in the mountains, and they emitted a pungent smell.

At this moment, Fei Hong’s tense mind finally broke. He could not hold it in anymore and burst into tears.

He kneeled in front of his parents’ bodies, dug a hole with both hands, and shakily buried his parents’ bodies in it, one layer of yellow soil after another.

On this day, it rained heavily.

In the midst of the lightning and thunder, Fei Hong knelt in front of the grave, his hair turning white overnight.

He knelt in front of his parents ‘grave for three days and three nights.

The high-spirited eldest brother disappeared and turned into a wild man with red eyes, dry lips, and messy white hair.

This time, he raised the sword in his hand.

Just like when he was a teenager, he practiced his swordsmanship at the foot of the hill. The divine sword in his hand danced wildly in the rainy night.

The electric fan roared and thunder rumbled.

On this day, Fei Hong comprehended the slaughter sword Dao!

In the end, Fei Hong kowtowed three times in front of his parents’ grave and left with his sword.

…

Time passed, and a hundred years had passed.

In the past hundred years, Fei Hong had tested his sword all over the world, challenging all kinds of sword experts.

He had traveled all over the mountains and rivers, and his sword cultivation was improving rapidly!

Whether it was the well-known sword experts or the new sword geniuses, they all died under Fei Hong’s sword.

Not a single person survived Fei Hong’s attack.

Finally, one day, Fei Hong ascended three realms in a row and became one of the top experts in the small world.

He understood that it was time for revenge.

“Fei Hong, raise your sword and observe the ceremony of the Purgatory Sword Sect!”

On this day, Fei Hong stepped on the divine sword, and the sword Qi swept across 30000 miles, turning into a peerless sword rainbow that pierced through the sun and the moon. He flew to the sky above the Purgatory Sword Sect and said calmly, “On this day, the light of the sword shone across all nineteen continents. In this small world, countless people raised their heads and looked up at this unparalleled sword immortal who could slash the galaxy.”

“Kill!”

Countless sword experts rushed out of the Purgatory Sword Sect!

The massacre had begun.

In this battle, the sun and moon lost their light, the land sank, and the entire sky was replaced by blood.

No words could be used to describe the intensity of this battle. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Fei Hong’s expression was indifferent. The divine sword in his hand ruthlessly reaped lives one after another.

In the Purgatory Sword Sect, no one could escape Fei Hong’s slaughter, be it an old man who was at the end of his life or a young man who had just joined the sect.

Anguished wails, pleas for mercy, and cries rang out continuously in the Purgatory Sword Sect.

However, no one could move Fei Hong’s frozen heart.

The flowers that were watered with blood bloomed with their beauty.

On this day, it rained blood in the Purgatory Sword Sect.

That day, the entire Purgatory Sword Sect was slaughtered!

On this day, the Purgatory Sword Sect would no longer exist in the world!

With all the knots in Fei Hong’s heart removed, the slaughter sword doctrine had reached its completion!

When he left the Purgatory Sword Sect, the mountains of corpses and seas of blood became his background.

Suddenly, Fei Hong was confused.

In this world, he had no family, no friends, and even his enemies had disappeared.

He suddenly did not know where he should go.

He lowered his head to look at the blood-stained sword in his hand, and he understood.

In the past, as time passed, the only thing he could rely on was the sword in his hand.

He, Fei Hong, would live for the sword dao and only for killing!

…

In the remaining years, Jian Wushuang watched Fei Hong start his invincible years.

He watched as Fei Hong fought back in every battle, turning the tides and stepping into the peak of the myriad world!

He watched as Fei Hong became famous, suppressed the nine heavens and ten lands, grew up in slaughter, comprehended the slaughter sword principle, and broke through to the third level of sword principle!

He watched as Fei Hong stepped into the final Ruler realm and became an unrivaled Ruler of the world, opening up an era that belonged to him!

He saw how Emperor God Wu Dao conferred Fei Hong as the first divine general and bestowed him with the Divine Sword Silver Wing!

That day, the entire universe was shaken by it. The name of the first godly general of Fei Hong city spread across the starry sky. He was invincible!

…

The memories that belonged to Divine General Fei Hong gradually faded away. Jian Wushuang’s last image stopped at the moment when the Great Tribulation descended and Divine Sword Fei Hong fell.

Jian Wushuang had seen his ups and downs, from the cowherd boy in the farmer’s village to the high-spirited big brother of the Green Mountain sect to the famous Divine General Fei Hong in the universe. He had seen his ups and downs, from dejection to pride, and even his death.

In a short time, Jian Wushuang had read all about the legendary life of the Fei Hong Divine Sword.

In the next moment, Jian Wushuang slowly opened his eyes.

Two rays of light flashed across Jian Wushuang’s eyes.

As Divine General Fei Hong’s memories faded, Jian Wushuang felt that his comprehension of the third level of sword principle origin, which had been stuck, had suddenly changed.

The bucket that had been lacking a spoonful of water was finally filled with the slaughter Sword doctrine.

Jian Wushuang could clearly feel that he was only one step away from the fourth level of sword principle origin.

As long as he meditated quietly, he would be able to break through to the fourth level of the origin of sword principle.

In the sixth level of the God Refining Tower, a whirlpool suddenly appeared in the originally empty and chaotic sky.

Jian Wushuang knew that he would reach the seventh level of the God Refining Tower once he entered the whirlpool!

The 7th level was the highest record that countless geniuses had ever reached since the Ancient Path of Stars was opened!

Jian Wushuang stood up and looked up at the huge whirlpool in the sky with a determined look in his eyes.

The legend of Divine General Fei Hong had come to an end, but the legend that belonged to Jian Wushuang had just begun!

Bang!

Jian Wushuang stomped his right foot heavily and his body shot out, disappearing into the whirlpool.

…

At the same time, outside the God Refining Tower.

Buzz!

The melodious sound of a bell turned into rings of sound waves that rippled across the Tenth City.

At that moment, the entire Tenth City was in shock!

Everyone raised their heads and looked at the God Refining Tower. Their eyes were filled with extreme shock and disbelief.

“The seventh floor! The Blood Sword has reached the Seventh City!”

Since the Overlord reached the seventh level eight thousand years ago, no one has ever reached the seventh level!!

Blood Sword will become the second person to reach the top of the God Refining Tower’s seventh level after the Overlord!

“Set a new record! Starting from the seventh level, every step of the Blood Sword will create a new record!”

Countless people gasped for breath and gasped in admiration.

Even Lord Blue, one of the Nine Magnates, was shocked.