Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 435: Famous for the Fight

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Swordsman!”

Bone King, Xue Yang, and Beast wore complicated expressions while standing in front of Jian Wushuang.

When they met, Beast was somewhat disdainful of the young man, but now he was shocked by his strength.

“Swordsman killed Deng Huo, which means he could easily kill me if I were his opponent.”

“Marquis Cangyue’s people retreated. It’s impossible for them to return in a short period of time, so we’ve basically acquired Jiushe Cave Mansion. Let’s see how the Formation is going,” Jian Wushuang said casually with a faint smile.

“Okay.” Bone King, Xue Yang, and Beast nodded, delighted in their heart.

As of now, they had completely conquered Jiushe Cave Mansion and finished their mission.

At this moment, in the huge tent of Marquis Cangyue Camp, three tall and bulky figures sat with an angry look. They were lords in charge of the camp business.

In front of them, their experts stood respectfully in terror.

No one spoke. The whole tent was filled with an oppressive silence.

After a good while, a burly middle-aged man with purple hair, who sat on the middle throne, spoke. “Deng Huo is dead. A man called Swordsman killed him.

“I’ve never heard of this Swordsman before, and he isn’t on the list of experts our camp needs to pay more attention to.

“But, Deng Huo, a Heaven-defying Level expert, was killed by such a nobody. He even used a Transfer Slip, but still failed to escape.

“Who can tell me where Swordsman came from?”

The angry voice of the burly middle-aged man frightened his underlings.

A green-robed elder stepped forward and said respectfully, “Lord, I’ve investigated his origin and know that he has recently arrived at the Flaming Battlefield. Over the past half a year, he became famous for his special Realm Technique in the Inner Area, but his own strength was not impressive.

“This time, when he followed Bone King to fight for control of Jiushe Cave Mansion, his strength improved greatly. According to Duo Xin Marquis’s report, Swordsman fought with two experts at the Peak of Stage Three. He killed one of them and forced the other to escape with only one stroke. His battle strength has reached the Heaven-defying Level!

“Besides his own strength, he was able to kill Deng Huo because his Puppet Fighter, which is also at the Heaven-defying Level, helped him a lot. The Puppet Fighter was terrifying indeed. It was more powerful than Deng Huo in the offense, speed, and strength. With Swordsman’s Realm Technique, Sir Deng Huo had no choice but to use the Transfer Slip.

“When Sir Deng Huo used the Transfer Slip, Swordsman displayed a special technique and caused Deng Huo to lose his consciousness for a second. At that moment, the Puppet Fighter took the chance to kill Deng Huo.

“Swordsman has awakened the Sword Soul, and his Sword Soul was a Double First-grade Sword Soul.

“In a word, Swordsman is a peerless genius who has great potential. He must have made a major breakthrough in Origin or other aspects, causing his strength to improve greatly. Though his present strength is only close to the Heaven-defying Level, he had various skills and trump cards.”

The green-robed elder clearly said everything he knew about Jian Wushuang.

“Hmph!” the burly middle-aged man snorted and said, “I don’t care what skills or trump cards he has. This time, we lost Jiushe Cave Mansion and Deng Huo was killed, both because of him.

“Jiushe Cave Mansion is very precious among the cave mansions under our control. It’s just less important than three marquis cave mansions. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Deng Huo was one of our three experts at the Heaven-defying Level. As we all know, lords won’t join fights in the Flaming Battlefield, which means that the Heaven-defying Level experts are our backbone. Now Deng Huo is dead. Our battle strength at the Heaven-defying Level is weaker now, so we might suffer some losses in important battles.

“Moreover, Swordsman has Double First-grade Sword Souls, so he has great potential. If given several years, he will become one of our powerful enemies. We can’t give him such an opportunity.

“Tell them all that Swordsman ranks first on the bounty list of our camp. Find an opportunity to kill him as soon as possible!”

The voice of the burly middle-aged man was extremely cold and his eyes were filled with killing intent.

“Yes,” said the green-robed elder.

They quickly started discussing how to kill Jian Wushuang.

At the same time, the news of Deng Huo being killed outside Jiushe Cave Mansion spread through the two camps at an amazing speed.

After all, when Jian Wushuang chased after Deng Huo, they ran more than 5,000 kilometers and passed by lots of experts from both camps, so many experts witnessed Jian Wushuang kill Deng Huo. It was no wonder that the news spread so swiftly.

It caused a sensation in both camps.

Swordsman instantly became a new star in the Flaming Battlefield.

Inside Jiushe Cave Mansion, “It’s done!”

As Lady Red set down the gems for the last Formation, her eyes lit up.

Behind her, Jian Wushuang, Bone King, Xue Yang, and Beast laughed.

“Finally, we finished our task!” Bone King said with a smile.

“Haha, 10,000 battle achievements,” Beast added, his eyes sparkling with joy.

“10,000 battle achievement, it’s a large amount for us. Of course, that could not be compared with what Swordsman received.” Xue Yang looked at Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang smiled faintly.

Indeed, he gained the most from this task.

With the best move Jiushe left behind, he had comprehended the second move of Heart-killing Sword Technique, which improved his strength greatly, allowing him to kill Deng Huo. He became famous for this fight and claimed Deng Huo’s Interspatial Ring. Soon he would even receive 10,000 battle achievements.

Other experts would be very envious of his gains.

“Swordsman, I heard that our camp has a special reward for those who kill a top expert!”