Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

4348 The Curtains of the Great Battle Draw Down

As he pushed open the wooden door of the quiet house, a faint orchid fragrance assailed his nose. Jian Wushuang’s expression was normal. He found a place to sit down cross-legged and began to refine the ancient bronze cauldron.

He sank into the ancient bronze cauldron. In the chaotic world inside, the fourth fire Qi and the second wood Qi were spreading like two polar forces. They were sticking to each other and spreading.

Three days passed in the blink of an eye.

For Jian Wushuang, these three days were ordinary, but for the entire universe, they were earth-shattering!

With the Divine Life Palace and the Dragon Tribe as the leaders, the unprecedented war between many forces had finally come to an end!

No one had ever thought that the battle that had started with Jian Wushuang and the Tarot Divine Sword would drag down so many top forces!

In the beginning, it was only a war between the Divine Life Palace and the Dragon Tribe. Later, with the entrance of Cosmos Temple, the situation was one-sided, and the Divine Life Palace had no chance to breathe.

Just as the entire universe was sighing for the Divine Life Palace…

Heart Slayer, Red-ear, and purple-haired Supreme from the Nine Emperor Pavilion had arrived!

Suddenly, the situation changed again. The Divine Life Palace and the Nine Emperor Pavilion joined forces to fight against the dragon clan and Cosmos Temple.

If that was the case, it would be fine.

No one would have thought that the four great powers that had previously declared war on the Divine Life Palace-the Blood Sky Hall, the great void godly Palace, the Great Sun Divine Kingdom, and the Scarlet Sun Divine Kingdom-would charge out again and deal the Divine Palace a fatal blow!

In this battle, the Divine Life Palace had suffered countless losses, and The White Tiger Supreme, one of the five lead Supremes, had fallen.

On that day, the great Dao wailed, and heaven and earth wept together.

Under the attack of the four top forces, the Divine Life Palace once again suffered a disastrous decline. Supreme Giant Axe, who had been shining brilliantly on the battlefield, was seriously injured by the sneak attack of five top Supreme Masters and was forced to leave.

The Divine Life Palace had lost two generals in a row, and their fighting spirit was extremely low.

Just as the Divine Life Palace was in danger, the situation on the battlefield changed again!

The seven divine swords came from the distant starry sky. The sword Qi swept across the starry sky for 30000 feet, and the sword light froze millions of states in the universe!

The Starry Sky Sword Sect was here!

The current sect leader of the Starry Sky Sword Sect, the Martial Sword Immortal, was one of the unrivaled Supremes. After the Tarot Swordmaster, she was the first female sword God in the world!

After the Martial Sword Immortal entered the arena, the situation reversed once again. He slaughtered three major Dragon tribes in a row and forced the Hall Master of Cosmos Temple to retreat continuously.

On that day, the sword Qi shot up to the sky, and the majestic and sharp golden sword light cut in all directions of the untainted land, turning the entire universe into sword shadows.

The number of Supreme martial artists that had died in her hands was no less than five.

The dragon clan, Cosmos Temple, and the four great forces were all terrified.

Even so, the gap between the two Supreme martial artists was still too big.

Just as the Divine Life Palace was continuously shrinking its defensive perimeter and the sect-protecting formation was about to be broken, Supreme Martial Artist Gai Fu, who was so old that he looked like a human, finally took out the Divine Life Palace’s final trump card!

It was the Supreme glory that the Lord of the Divine Life Palace had bestowed upon them when they had participated in the battle of the catastrophe!

For that glory, the ancestors of the Divine Life Palace had suffered countless casualties, and Supreme Master Gai Fu had been injured to this day. Even the palace Master of the Divine Life Palace had disappeared in the Galaxy of the universe, without any news.

This Supreme glory that bloomed in blood was enough to take the next disaster for the Divine Life Palace.

That Lord had made his move.

With that Lord’s attack, this battle had come to an end.

The scale of this war was huge, and many top forces participated. The situation was reversed so quickly that it was rare and soul-stirring. Countless races in the universe who watched the war sighed and were destined to be recorded in history.

However, the most regretful thing was that Jian Wushuang, who should have been the protagonist of the battle, did not show his face at all.

After some people’s inquiries, they found out that Jian Wushuang, who had caused the shocking ore war, had been driven out of the Divine Life Palace long ago and had now wandered to an unknown place.

As a result, the battle with the Divine Life Palace ended, and a reward for Jian Wushuang began!

On that day, the Dragon race that had retreated to the dead star area in the extreme north made another announcement to the universe.

Whoever killed Jian Wushuang would be rewarded with the status of an outer disciple of the dragon clan and would enjoy the eternal protection of the dragon clan!

After the dragon clan, the four major forces and Cosmos Temple also responded.

The one who kills Jian Wushuang will be rewarded with billions of universe origin stones!

Whoever kills Jian Wushuang will be rewarded with the resources of five star areas!

Whoever kills Jian Wushuang will be rewarded with five upper-grade Supreme treasures, ten top-grade divine medicines, and a Supreme martial artist’s full-force attack!

All of a sudden, the name ‘Jian Wushuang’ became a hot name in the universe again!

Many second-rate powers and independent Supreme cultivators took action to search for Jian Wushuang in the universe!

Jian Wushuang’s name no longer represented a person, but a treasure and a great fortune!

The bounty on Jian Wushuang had become the most valuable bounty in the universe since the beginning of time!

…

At the same time.

In the desolate area of the universe, in the seventh peak of the declining Spirit Bristle Holy Land.

Jian Wushuang slowly opened his eyes.

Three days had passed, and today was the day Jian Wushuang and Ruler Feng Xin had agreed to go to the innate fourth fire pool.

Du, du, du.

There was a knock on the door, and then a respectful and gentle voice was heard.

“I won’t abandon you, Sir.”

Ruler Feng Xin called out softly from outside the door.

...

“They’re here.”

Jian Wushuang nodded, stood up, and put away the ancient bronze cauldron.

When he walked out of the room, he found that Ruler Feng Xin had been waiting for him for quite some time.

“Lord unforsaken, shall we set off?” Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Ruler Feng Xin asked.

“Alright,” he said.

Jian Wushuang nodded, then followed Feng Xin to the innate fourth fire pool.

The innate fourth fire pool was located on the back of the planet occupied by the Spirit Bristle Holy Land, which was quite far away from the seventh peak.

“Sir Buqi, the innate fourth fire pool is an important weapon of our Spirit Bristle Holy Land. The security is very strict. However, I know a secret passage that can allow you to enter quietly.”

Ruler Feng Xin said with a smile. Then, he led Jian Wushuang to the secret passage.

After a few days of interaction, although she and Jian Wushuang did not talk much, she had more or less understood Jian Wushuang’s character. She found that although Jian Wushuang was quick to kill, as long as they got along well, Jian Wushuang was not a narrow-minded person who was fickle in emotions.

...

Therefore, she was not as reserved as before when facing Jian Wushuang.

The two of them chatted as they traveled, and the atmosphere was quite harmonious.

“Sir Buqi, have you been paying attention to the big event in the universe recently?” Ruler Feng Xin asked with a smile.

“Something big? What’s the big deal?” Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows and asked.

“Don’t you know? It’s the Great War between the Divine Life Palace and the dragon clan.”

“What?” Ruler Feng Xin asked in surprise.