Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 436: Special Reward

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“A special reward?” Jian Wushuang asked with a faint smile.

He had heard about it.

There was a group of famous top experts, such as Bone King, Duo Xin Marquis, Heaven Stone Castle Lord, Xue Luo and so on. Although they were only at the Peak of Stage Three, they were able to fight against experts at the Heaven-defying Level, so they could be considered overlords in the Flaming Battlefield.

These overlords were important to both camps.

It was said that each camp had a list of top experts from the hostile camp. Only a few powerful experts were qualified to enter the list, and If someone killed an expert from that list, he would receive various extra rewards.

Now that Jian Wushuang had killed a Heaven-defying Level expert from the Marquis Cangyue Camp, he would get a bigger reward.

“The Formation is done. Lady Red, stay here. Everyone else will go back to the camp with me,” Bone King said.

Then they immediately rushed to the campsite.

The moment Jian Wushuang appeared in the campsite, a commotion arose in the camp. Countless experts looked toward Jian Wushuang.

“He is Swordsman?”

“That’s him. He killed Deng Huo, the Heaven-defying Level expert.”

“Amazing!”

“I wonder when I will be as strong as Mr. Swordsman.”

Many of the experts around them were talking about Jian Wushuang while ignoring Bone King, Xue Yang, and Beast.

At this moment, “Mr. Swordsman, Spirit Lord asked for you to meet him now that you’ve returned.”

“Spirit Lord?” Jian Wushuang was a bit surprised.

He did not know Spirit Lord. Since he was a lord, he must be a super expert in the Cloud Realm.

“Swordsman, there are four lords in charge of camp business. Spirit Lord is the most powerful among them,” Bone King whispered to Jian Wushuang, “Now he wants to meet you. It should be related to the special reward.”

With an eyebrow cocked, Jian Wushuang nodded slightly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Bone King, Xue Yang, and Beast, thanks for your hard work. Spirit Lord said you can submit your tasks now,” the purple-robed person said.

Bone King, Xue Yang, and Beast responded with a shrug as Jian Wushuang followed the purple-robed person into a tent.

It was a spacious tent with only one long narrow table. A stately man with stubble sat before the table. He was Spirit Lord.

The instant Jian Wushuang stepped inside, Spirit Lord immediately opened his eyes and looked toward Jian Wushuang.

The young man instantly felt as if he was being targeted by a viper, which chilled his blood.

“Spirit Lord.” Jian Wushuang slightly bowed to show his respect.

“Swordsman?” Spirit Lord replied with a smile, which seemed to be filled with various emotions that drove the young man’s fear away.

“I checked your record. You belong to Iron Saber Territory and have recently arrived at the Divine Land.”

“Right,” Jian Wushuang said while nodding slightly.

“When in Iron Saber Territory, you were not that powerful and just had a good Realm Technique. Then, after you arrived at the Flaming Battlefield, you started displaying the battle strength that was at Stage Three. Your strength didn’t improve until you traveled to the Inner Area. Especially this trip to Jiushe Cave Mansion, your strength soared to the Heaven-defying Level.

“In just half a year, you have made great progress in such a short period of time. Even I was surprised.” Spirit Lord looked toward Jian Wushuang and then asked, “By the way, where are you from?”

“Nanyang Continent,” Jian Wushuang replied honestly, but he was wondering why Spirit Lord inquired about that.

“I haven’t heard of it before,” Spirit Lord said while shaking his head.

The Divine Land was at the center of the world and possessed countless lands, so it was normal that Spirit Lord had not heard of Nanyang Continent.

“Take it easy.”

Spirit Lord said with a smile, “I just want to tell you that since our camp knows about your ability, so will the enemy camp. They will pay more attention to you. And, since you killed Deng Huo, they will try their best to kill you!

“If I didn’t guess wrong, you will rank within the top three or even first on the bounty list in their camp.

“So you should be careful. Don’t give them an opportunity to kill you. The lords from both sides made a tacit agreement that they won’t join common fights. However, if you pose a major threat to them, I am afraid that they will break the agreement.”

Upon hearing this, Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes and nodded heavily. “Thanks for reminding me.”

“OK, take care of yourself.” Spirit Lord smiled and said, “Marquis Cangyue Camp has a bounty list with special rewards. We also have one. Killing the experts on that list means you get a special reward.

“You killed Deng Huo, who was a Heaven-defying Level expert and ranked second on the list, so you’re qualified to get a special reward.”

“Finally.”?Jian Wushuang thought with a hint of expectation.

He was wondering what special reward he would receive after he killed Deng Huo. He expected it to be a big reward.

“As for your special reward, you have two options.”

Spirit Lord stuck out two fingers. “First, you can freely choose a treasure from our Treasure Vault.”

On hearing this, Jian Wushuang’s eyes lit up.

“I can choose whatever I want in the Treasure Vault?”

The Treasure Vault was filled with thousands of treasures, various Secret Skills, elixirs, and magic weapons. Even first-grade manuals, first-grade elixirs, and first-grade magic weapons could be found there.

Even lords were eager to acquire some of the treasures there.

This reward was quite amazing.

“What’s wrong? The reward scares you?” Spirit Lord looked at Jian Wushuang.

As he saw the young man’s eyes sparkle with surprise and joy, Spirit Lord could not help but smile.

“You probably do not know how important Deng Huo was to the Marquis Cangyue Camp. In other words, you did not know how important a Heaven-defying Level expert is to the whole Flaming Battlefield!”