Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 440: Universal Thunderbolt Pool

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Jian Wushuang walked toward the Thunderbolt Pool.

The closer he moved towards it, the more he felt how powerful those thunderbolts were.

There were thousands of Purple Thunderbolts flickering in the violent Thunderbolt Pool. Each of the thunderbolts was extraordinary.

“How do I use the Thunderbolt Pool?” Jian Wushuang asked.

“Sir, you might not know this, but those Purple Thunderbolts are Purple Heaven Thunderbolts. Unlike ordinary offensive thunderbolts, those are powerful but not violent. Experts can absorb them to strengthen their bodies,” An Feng replied.

“Strengthen their bodies?”?Jian Wushuang’s eyes lit up with joy.

An Feng added, “Sir, you should know how important a powerful body is for a warrior. As experts of the Saint Realm, we might not be able to display its power, but once we reach the lord level our bodies change and become like a weapon, so the Purple Heaven Thunderbolt is very useful.

“Purple Heaven Thunderbolts are rare and precious in the vast Divine Land. Normally, it’s hard for even lords to get one, but Marquis Beimo gathered thousands of Purple Heaven Thunderbolts here and created the Universal Thunderbolt Pool.

“After our camp conquered Beimo Cave Mansion, many lords have come here and tried to use the Purple Heaven Thunderbolts to strengthen their bodies. However, normally, they were only able to absorb seven or eight thunderbolts since these thunderbolts are extremely powerful.

“Black Yuan Lord has probably gained the most. He absorbed 15 Purple Heaven Thunderbolts and his body became so powerful that it is comparable to a second-grade magic weapon. With such a powerful body, he ranks third among our lords.”

Jian Wushuang nodded in private.

He was very clear about how important a powerful body was for a warrior.

After all, his own body was also terrifying and extraordinary among Saint Realm experts.

His body had been improving.

“Though I’m only at the Saint Realm, my body can be compared with a medium third-grade magic weapon, much stronger than other lords’. What’s more, my body is full of potential because of Heavenly Creation Skill. I wonder how many thunderbolts I will be able to absorb,”?Jian Wushuang thought with expectation. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Sir, I’ll wait outside,” An Feng said and then left.

“Purple Heaven Thunderbolts!”

Jian Wushuang looked at the Universal Thunderbolt Pool with sparkling eyes. Then he flew into the pool.

He immediately sensed the Purple Heaven Thunderbolts around him. Each of the thunderbolts was powerful, but they lacked offensive power. Otherwise, he would have been smashed to pieces by these thunderbolts.

“Come on!”

Jian Wushuang immediately sat down inside the pool with his legs crossed. He closed his eyes and began operating the Heavenly Creation Skill, directly absorbing a Purple Heaven Thunderbolt.

After the thunderbolt entered his body, he immediately felt as if he had been struck by lightning. The thunderbolt crazily swept through his bones and Eight Extraordinary Meridians, finally changing into a purple power and merging with his body.

“Nice.”

Jian Wushuang wore a smile. When the Purple Heaven Thunderbolt was strengthening his body, the sense of electric shock refreshed him. He did not feel any pain.

In the blink of an eye, he had completely absorbed the first Purple Heaven Thunderbolt.

“That’s it?” Jian Wushuang was surprised.

He thought it would be hard to strengthen his body with the Purple Heaven Thunderbolts and that it might be accompanied by some pain, but it actually went very smoothly.

He clearly felt that his body had become stronger than before.

“Let’s do it again,” Jian Wushuang said expectantly.

He immediately started absorbing the second Purple Heaven Thunderbolt.

It was also done easily. Then the third thunderbolt...

Jian Wushuang found that it was very easy for him to absorb the thunderbolts.

Normally, lords could absorb seven or eight Purple Heaven Thunderbolts, but Jian Wushuang, a Saint Realm expert, had already absorbed 10 with ease.

It was a piece of cake for him!

Everything went smoothly while Jian Wushuang absorbed the thunderbolts.

“10 Purple Heaven Thunderbolts, but I haven’t reached my limit. Black Yuan Lord absorbed 15 thunderbolts, which was the most so far. I... I am not a lord, but I might be able to absorb more thunderbolts than him.”

He immediately continued his work.

The 11th thunderbolt, the 12th thunderbolt... the 15th thunderbolt!

He absorbed 15 Purple Heaven Thunderbolts and caught up with Black Yuan Lord, but he still felt it was easy.

Then the 16th thunderbolt, the 17th thunderbolt...

Time flies! Jian Wushuang immersed himself in absorbing the Purple Heaven Thunderbolts and lost his sense of time. He eventually opened his eyes.

“I’m full and can’t absorb anymore Purple Heaven Thunderbolts,”?Jian Wushuang thought. At this point, he exited the Universal Thunderbolt Pool.

Standing by the pool, Jian Wushuang clenched his hands and felt the mighty power flowing through it. He also looked stronger than before.

“37 thunderbolts,”?Jian Wushuang thought, with a surge of excitement in his eyes.

It was true that he absorbed 37 Purple Heaven Thunderbolts before his body finally reached its limit.

37 thunderbolts!

Jian Wushuang absorbed 37 thunderbolts, over twice as many as Black Yuan Lord.