Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

4468 The Assessment of the God Refining Sect

At the base of the God Refining Sect, it was a chaotic and noisy scene.

Void Warriors from all directions gathered here. Some sat cross-legged and cultivated their void power, while others were looking for people to talk to, trying to form a good relationship.

Jian Wushuang and the other three could not help but look at each other.

It seemed that the Void Warriors of this Void Universe were not much different from their own universe.

!!

According to the human-headed horse-bodied monster, if one wanted to join the God Refining sect, their cultivation had to be at least at the Star-level, which was equivalent to the Ruler realm of their universe.

As far as the eye could see, the people who had come to join the God Refining Sect were basically Two to 1-Star Void Warriors. In other words, they were cultivators who were close to the second level of Rulers in their universe, to the level of Ultimate Supremes.

Seeing this, Jian Wushuang and the others lowered their cultivation aura to the Ruler realm. Under the waist token made by Cosmos God, the aura that the four of them revealed was no different from the surrounding Void Warriors.

In order to reduce the risk of being exposed, Jian Wushuang and the others did not talk to the Void Warriors around them. Instead, they sat quietly with their legs crossed and waited for the God Refining Sect to open its gate.

Time passed by in a flash.

More and more Void Warriors were gathering around the God Refining Sect. Among them, there were even One Scar level Void Warriors!

The One Scar level corresponded to the Primary Supreme level of this universe!

In the universe that Jian Wushuang and the others were in, once one stepped into the Supreme realm, they would be an almighty who looked down on the universe. All of them would be overlords or the mainstays of top sects with top battle power!

A month later.

Rumble!!! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The gate of the God Refining Sect suddenly opened, and countless bolts of lightning formed by void energy were generated, emitting a powerful aura.

A green-colored middle-aged man with two feelers on his head walked out of the gate. He was wearing linen clothes, carrying a coffin on his back, and his waist was tied with a blue rope.

What the God Refining Sect refined was not anything else, but corpses!

According to the human-headed horse-bodied monster, there was a Coffin Mountain in the God Refining Sect. The mountain was filled with coffins, and inside the coffins were the corpses of the Almighty beings who had died in the universe.

Every disciple of the God Refining Sect would enter Coffin Mountain to refine a divine corpse that belonged to them after entering the sect.

This was also the reason why the God Refining Sect was able to dominate the Void Universe despite not having many Scar-level Void Warriors in the sect.

Once he refined the Immortal’s body, he would have a clone that was as strong as him, or even stronger, on top of his foundation.

This was the foundation that the God Refining Sect relied on to suppress the Void Universe!

The man with the tentacles from the God Refining Sect had a powerful aura. As soon as he walked out, he caused the crowd to exclaim.

“I didn’t think that the Grand Elder of the God Refining Sect, Shen Xu, would be personally overseeing this operation!”

“Elder Shen Xu is a Three Scar Void Warrior!”

“What’s the situation? This is the first time that the God Refining Sect has accepted a disciple, and they’ve sent an expert at the level of a Grand Elder to take charge, right?”

The sounds of discussion rang out, and everyone’s expressions were somewhat disbelieving.

Among the people who had come to join the God Refining Sect, the Void Warrior with the scar on his face had originally been high and mighty. However, after seeing Elder Shen Xu, he immediately bowed his head and did not dare to maintain the slightest arrogant attitude.

This Elder had two feelers on his head and green skin. His eyes were as calm as water as he scanned everyone’s faces. Then, he said, “This time, our God Refining Sect is recruiting disciples, so I will personally take charge. Those who try to take advantage of the situation and steal the corpses better leave quickly. Otherwise, if I find out, don’t blame me for not showing any mercy.”

As soon as he said that, there was a commotion in the crowd.

A look of struggle flashed across the faces of nearly a hundred Void Warriors. They looked at Elder Shen Xu from time to time and lowered their heads in deep thought. In the end, they could only sigh and retreat obediently.

That’s right, every time the God Refining Sect was recruiting disciples, there would be some Void Warriors with bad intentions who joined the God Refining Sect just to steal corpses.

Elder Shen Xu looked at the people walking out from the crowd and nodded in satisfaction. He then said in a deep voice, “In that case, I hereby announce that the entrance examination of the God Refining Sect begins now!”

Bang!

As soon as he finished speaking, a huge stone base appeared in front of everyone.

“What’s that?”

Supreme Lingyu and Supreme Gongyang narrowed their eyes and whispered.

Jian Wushuang thought for a while and said, “I guess it’s used to test talent. Or it’s used to test how compatible it is with the cultivation of the God Refining Sect.”

“Then aren’t we…” Supreme Master Gongyang said worriedly.

Not to mention talent, they were not even from this universe.

“We’ll see,” Jian Wushuang replied in a low voice.

Supreme Gongyang and Supreme Lingyu could not help but look at each other and nod helplessly.

On the other hand, Supreme Bing Ye did not say anything to Jian Wushuang this time, which surprised Jian Wushuang and made him frown.

Ever since he had come to the God Refining Sect, Bing Ye had disappeared for a period of time. When he had regrouped with them, he had become silent and seemed to be rather foolish.

“What the hell is he doing?” Jian Wushuang squinted his eyes and he had a bad feeling.

At the same time, the test officially began.

Elder Shen Xu pointed at the Foundation Stone that was floating in the air and said in a deep voice, “This is a talent assessment stone. Firstly, it will assess your talent in cultivation. Secondly, it will assess your compatibility with the cultivation techniques of my God Refining Sect. You just need to line up one by one and stand on this Foundation Stone. At that time, this cornerstone will naturally give a comprehensive evaluation based on your talent and degree of compatibility, and display light.”

“Of course, whenever the Foundation Stone glows, it is already proof of your talent and intelligence. You can stay. However, if the Foundation Stone doesn’t have any reaction, then regretfully, your talent is not enough and you will not be able to pass the selection. At that time, please return to where you came from and you will not be able to enter our God Refining Sect.”

Elder Shen Xu glanced at the crowd and continued, “There are four types of light that shine from the stone. Red represents low-tier aptitude, blue represents medium-tier aptitude, purple represents high-tier aptitude, and gold represents super-tier aptitude.”

The people nodded upon hearing this. They all looked proud and full of fighting spirit. It was obvious that they had heard about the Foundation Stone’s assessment and were fully prepared.

“Alright, since everyone understands the rules, let’s begin the assessment!”

Then, according to the strength of their cultivation, the people who came for the assessment automatically formed a long line at the entrance of the God Refining Sect.

Jian Wushuang and the others suppressed their cultivation to 3-Star Void Warriors so that they were not conspicuous. They were placed at the back of the line.

“It’s starting.”

...

Jian Wushuang and the other three looked at each other and took a deep breath.

Whether or not they could enter the God Refining Sect and find out the deployment of the Void Universe would depend on this!