Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

4528  The Map of the Void Forbidden Land

"All of you, rise."

Jian Wushuang raised his hand to the three of them.

Instantly, the two disciples in charge of guarding the door and Crimson Whale Gang Disciple, Feng San, stood up respectfully.

"The two of you, continue to guard the mountain gate. You, follow me."

Jian Wushuang gave a few instructions and immediately led Crimson Whale Gang's disciple, Feng San, toward the Sect Master's hall.

"Alright," Feng San responded with a smile and immediately glared at the two disciples who were in charge of guarding the gate triumphantly. Then, he followed Jian Wushuang and flew toward the Sect Master's hall.

Looking at the backs of Jian Wushuang and Feng San, the two disciples who were guarding the gate couldn't help but look at each other.

"That guy just now really knows the Sect Master."

"From the looks of it, Sect Master seems to have other forces outside."

...

After returning to the Sect Master's hall, Jian Wushuang dismissed the servants who were in charge of cleaning again. He then turned around and sat on the main seat, saying, "Feng San, give me the map of the Void Forbidden Land."

"Alright," he said.

Feng San first responded with a flattering smile. Then he fumbled around and took out a jade cylinder from his sleeve and handed it to Jian Wushuang.

"Young Master, the markings and maps here were all written and drawn by me personally. There are basically no errors. Please take a look."

"Alright." Jian Wushuang nodded and spread the jade cylinder open. His eyes suddenly lit up.

The map of the Void Forbidden Land was extremely detailed. A total of 99 void cracks were clearly marked. In addition, the guards of each void crack and the ups and downs of each mountain range were all accurately depicted.

It could be said that there was nothing more detailed than this map about the Void Forbidden Land.

The 87 void cracks on the ground were marked with a red tick, with the word 'unknown' written on it.

Jian Wushuang could understand that Feng San had failed to enter the 87th void crack. Naturally, he would not force Feng San to do so.

Jian Wushuang continued to read and found a long list of names and detailed remarks.

The first one was the Illusionary Divine Gu Heng whom Luo Ming had told him about previously.

The ancient Void Master had made his name 30,000 void eras ago. When he had disappeared from the universe. his cultivation base had been at the six marks, and he was skilled in using techniques...

The Nine-Finger Emperor had made his name fifty thousand void eras ago. His cultivation base had been at the Six Scar when he had disappeared from the universe, and he was skilled in using techniques...

...

"What is this?"

Jian Wushuang's eyes glowed as he looked at Feng San.

Feng San hurriedly replied, "Young Master, these are the auras of a few Void Masters that the Crimson Whale Gang discovered in the crack in the void. We've identified them after that. Although it's not perfect, it should be the number of Void Masters stationed in the Void Forbidden Land."

Jian Wushuang did not speak.

However, a tsunami was set off in his heart, and he could not help but reveal a look of joy. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

This name list was too important!

He could use this list and the recent movements of the top forces to speculate the battle power of the Void Universe in this Great Catastrophe, so that the Divine Power Universe could make preparations as soon as possible.

Pa.

After closing the bamboo tube, Jian Wushuang looked at Feng San with admiration in his eyes and said, "You're not bad."

Hearing this, Feng San was immediately delighted. He immediately smiled and said, "This is what I should do. As long as Young Master is satisfied, it's fine."

After that, the two of them exchanged a few more words before Jian Wushuang sent Feng San away and let him continue to watch the Forbidden Void Land.

After Feng San left, Jian Wushuang sat on the throne alone, his eyes flickering.

Now that the Great Catastrophe was about to begin, he had to make a trip back to the Divine Power Universe personally and pass the news to Cosmos God so that the Divine Power Universe could make preparations.

However, if he wanted to go back, there were two problems that were more difficult to solve.

First of all, he had just ascended the throne not long ago, and there must be many eyes watching him. If he left now and did not show up for a long time, it was inevitable that he would be speculated about and suspected by people with ulterior motives.

Secondly, Jian Wushuang had no idea how to return to the Divine Power Universe.

"According to this bamboo map, when I left the Divine Power Universe and entered the Void Universe, the void crack that appeared was the 23rd one. That's why I didn't meet the true experts of the Forbidden Void Land at the beginning. They're all gathered at the 87th void crack."

From this, it could be deduced that besides the 87th void crack, which could return to the Void Universe, the 23rd void crack could also do the same.

"However, all of this is just my prediction. If there's a slight mistake, it'll be a disaster."

Jian Wushuang massaged the space between his eyebrows and pondered.

"Whether this prediction is correct or not, I can only find out after I go to the Void Forbidden Land."

"Other than that, there is the first question. How do I leave the God Refining Sect without being suspected?"

Jian Wushuang gradually frowned as he pondered.

A moment later, his eyes lit up as if he had thought of something.

The next moment, Jian Wushuang stood up and walked toward the Sect Master's bedroom.

There were countless secret skills and books in the chamber.

Jian Wushuang then took out a book and started to read it. After a while, he put the secret skill back on the shelf and walked toward the divine corpse of Tarot.

Pfft!

Jian Wushuang sat down cross-legged on the back of the corpse and pressed his palms on the back of the corpse.

Boom!

Suddenly, countless void power gushed out of Jian Wushuang's hands and poured into the body of Tarot divine corpse.

Suddenly, a strange scene happened.

The appearance of the Tarot divine corpse changed rapidly. His tall and burly figure became a little thinner, and his stiff and numb face gained some color and vigor.

His facial features changed slightly and he looked like Jian Wushuang.

In a short moment, two Jian Wushuangs appeared in the Sect Master's bedroom.

Not only did they look exactly the same, but even their auras were the same.

Even those who were closest to Jian Wushuang would not be able to tell which one was the real Jian Wushuang.

The divine corpse of Supreme Tarot stood up as if he had come to life. With a smile on his face, he bowed to Jian Wushuang and said, "Master."

Jian Wushuang nodded in satisfaction.

The secret manual he was reading just now was the incarnation technique that the God Refining Sect had cultivated.

He injected his consciousness and aura into the divine corpse, which had a heart blood connection with him, making it like an avatar.

In the past, in the God Refining Sect, there were many disciples who were about to die and use this secret technique to cause themselves to be reborn.

This secret skill was much more overbearing than ordinary secret skills that could create an incarnation. For example, Jian Wushuang could now give a simple command and make it move freely. He could also instantly shift all of his consciousness to the corpse of Supreme Tarot, making it his second life.