Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

4533 When the Nest Is Overturned, No Eggs Will Be Left Intact

In a bamboo forest on the Southern Ocean Immortal Island.

The Fengtian Patriarch, who came from the same era as Cosmos Gods, was playing chess by himself.

Beside him, a Little Daoist girl with red lips and white teeth stood quietly, holding a bowl-sized alms bowl in her hand.

The alms bowl was filled to the brim with tea. However, what was reflected in the tea was a scene.

In the image, a black-haired youth with pale golden eyes stood on a black-awning boat with her hands behind her back. She was spinning the alms bowl.

“Master, how do you think this person found you? You don’t even care about the world and have retired from the universe for so many years. Most people don’t even know of your existence.”

The Little Daoist girl asked in a low voice.

Clack!

Fengtian Patriarch placed a chess piece on the board and snorted coldly. “Who else could it be? It must be that old fool, Cosmos God, who informed this person and got him to come and get the Fengtian Flag from me.”

The Little Daoist girl could not help but click her tongue when she heard that. In the entire universe, her Master was probably the only one who dared to call Cosmos God an old man, right?

“Master, why don’t we just lend out the Fengtian Flag? I observed the sky last night and found that there were seven stars in a row, forming a dragon-slaying momentum. I’m afraid that a Great Catastrophe will arise soon and cut off the luck of our universe.”

After hesitating for a moment, the Little Daoist girl said boldly.

The hand that was about to land on the chess piece paused. Fengtian Patriarch glared at the Little Daoist and said, “Are you the Master or am I the Master? Since when do I need you to teach me how to do things?”

With a cold snort, Fengtian Patriarch said, “If not for that old fogey snatching away my opportunity back then, how could the position of Cosmos God be suitable for him? I should be the one sitting there!”

“Did he consider my feelings when he snatched my fortune? Now that the universe is in trouble, you want to come to me? Hmph, what does he think I am? His tool?”

Hearing this, the Little Daoist could not help but stick out her tongue and say no more.

She knew that her Master had always been brooding over that incident. After all, that was the only opportunity to break through the current realm. It was not an exaggeration to say that there was a great hatred between them for such an opportunity to be snatched away.

“Then, master, should I go tell this person to leave?” the Little Daoist girl asked tentatively.

“Why should I tell him? This person has been trapped in the formation for a few days, so he’ll naturally retreat and leave on his own.”

Fengtian Patriarch continued to point as he shook his head.

However…

At this moment.

Suddenly, as if he had sensed something, Fengtian Patriarch’s expression changed drastically. “What is this guy trying to do?”

The next moment.

The figure of the Fengtian Patriarch disappeared in an instant. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

…

Meanwhile, in the South Sea.

Jian Wushuang stood on the bow of the black-awning boat and looked at Fengtian Patriarch, who had not appeared for a long time. The impatience between his brows finally exploded.

“Fengtian Patriarch, it’s fine if you don’t want to come out, but I’ll destroy the South Sea and all the living beings on this planet! In any case, by the time the otherverse attacks, everyone will be dead. It’s better to die early and reincarnate early!”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes were cold. He stomped his right foot heavily and flew up to the sky, standing above the South Sea.

As Jian Wushuang clenched his right hand, billions of tons of water in the South Sea boiled up and formed a water tornado that was tens of thousands of feet high.

At this moment, all the mortals living in the South Ocean could see this devastating water tornado. Their faces were filled with shock, and they knelt on the ground, begging for mercy.

“Stop!”

At this moment, a figure that looked like a rotating meteorite broke through the air and arrived quickly, leaving a long trail of flames in the air.

In an instant, a terrifying pressure spread out in all directions. The tens of thousands of seawater that formed the tornado collapsed and returned to the sea.

“Brat, are you looking for death?!” An old man in a shabby Daoist robe, with his hair tied up with a thin wooden stick, was staring at Jian Wushuang.

“Fengtian Patriarch?” Jian Wushuang turned to look at Fengtian Patriarch.

The pressure from Fengtian Patriarch was like thousands of mountains. In an instant, Jian Wushuang almost knelt down.

Jian Wushuang’s knees did not bend at all in the face of such deep and hellish pressure.

“Fengtian Patriarch, the entire universe is in danger now. Life and death can be decided with a single thought. All the Supremes in the universe are willing to die with no regrets for the safety of the universe, but you’re hiding here and only care about your own enjoyment. You don’t care about the life and death of the entire universe. You’re really rotten.”

Jian Wushuang felt slightly relieved when he saw that Fengtian Patriarch did not attack him immediately. He looked at Fengtian Patriarch coldly and said.

This was an attempt to guilt trip Fengtian Patriarch from the moral high ground, but he had to say it. Once the Divine Power Universe fell, all the living beings in the universe might be destroyed and slaughtered.

This matter was already closely related to everyone in the universe.

Furthermore, if he was unable to awaken the Fengtian Patriarch this time around, what awaited the Fengtian Patriarch would be the thunderous methods of Cosmos God.

No matter how strong the Fengtian Patriarch was, he would still be defeated when facing a Cosmos God.

In other words, he was not here to borrow the Fengtian banner, but to save the Fengtian Patriarch.

“Hmph, what does the life and death of the universe have to do with this old man? I’ve already set up tens of millions of formations here. Even if the people from the Void Universe come in, what can they do to me?” the Fengtian Grandmaster snorted coldly and said in disdain.

“Naive!” Jian Wushuang interrupted Fengtian Patriarch and said with a hint of mockery, “Fengtian Patriarch, do you really think that you can resist the million-strong army of the Void Universe with just these formations?”

When Fengtian Patriarch heard this, he was about to retort.

“Fine,” Jian Wushuang continued. “Even if you can find a place to stay among the million-strong army in the Void Universe, are you willing to hide here and there all day like a stray dog?”

Originally, Jian Wushuang had wanted to persuade Fengtian Patriarch nicely before he met him again. However, when he saw him, these thoughts disappeared.

He was going to use the most direct of words to turn into a slap and completely wake the Fengtian Patriarch up!

After taking a deep breath, Jian Wushuang continued, “Fengtian Patriarch, I’m sure you know why I’m here. I’m here to borrow the Fengtian Flag from you.”

“But it seems like you won’t lend it to me. But I have something to tell you.”

...

“Protecting the universe and fighting for the universe is never an individual’s matter. It is the matter of everyone in the universe!”

“Everyone knows that when the nest is overturned, no egg can remain intact. When the country is broken, every family will cease to exist!”

“Fengtian Patriarch, you are my senior. You should understand this!”

Jian Wushuang’s voice was as loud as thunder!