Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 461: Do it, kill Swordsman!

Translator:?Transn?Editor:?Transn

Boom!

Apart from Jian Wushuang, the Loftiness Lord and the Iron Saber Lord, numerous lords of the Drifting-blood Marquis camp unleashed their powerful auras. Led by the Black Yuan Lord, they slashed toward the approaching Puppet Fighters.

At the same time, many lords of the Pale Moon Marquis camp were also occupied.

With a snort, the Myriad Islands Lord launched a series of punches to set up two sets of Formation. Following this, the lords of the Pale Moon Marquis, led by the Demon Soul Lord, also fought their way out.

The lords of both camps started to do battle.

Although the lords maintained their silence and were focused on the Puppet Fighters, they had a tacit agreement. They would work together to kill the Puppet before fighting each other for those four Interspatial Rings.

The lords and the Puppet Fighters collided head-on.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

A terrifying roar reverberated through the palace. It was only for a short moment but the destruction was immense.

After all, even though there were a large number of Puppet Fighters and their battle formation was very powerful, they didn’t know how to work as a team. As a result, they were unable to exploit their battle strength.

On the other hand, the lords of both camps coped well with Jian Wushuang’s Realm and were supported by the Myriad Islands Lord’s Formation. Although their overall battle strength was inferior to that of the Puppet Fighters, they were able to exploit different fighting tactics to prevail over the Puppet Fighters.

It did not take long for the lords to defeat a few Puppet Fighters!

Apart from the two lords, there were other lords in the different inner layers of the cave mansions. They rushed to the scene to offer them support when they felt the palace fill with their powerful aura.

Things seemed to be going downhill for the Puppet Fighters as more lords were arriving at the palace to join the battle.

It did not take long for half of the 50 gold armor Puppet Fighters to be killed. This pared their number down considerably.

As intended by the lords, none of the four Golden Purple Puppets were destroyed. This was because the Interspatial Rings were in the Puppet Fighters and the destruction of a Golden Purple Puppet would immediately result in a battle between the two camps.

The lords preferred to terminate the gold armors first, then fight for the four Interspatial Rings.

This was the obvious plan.

Swish!

Myriad Islands Lord’s intentions were not apparent, but he had been fighting a Gold-armored Puppet near the Demon Soul Lord. When he noticed that few Gold-armored Puppets were left standing, he squinted and looked at the Demon Soul Lord.

“Demon Soul Lord, it’s time now.”

The Demon Soul Lord stared at him.

She understood Myriad Islands Lord’s meaning and glanced at Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang’s Realm was powerful and was the sole reason that they were able to quickly defeat and kill the Gold-armored Puppets.

However, when it came time for the two camps to fight for the four Interspatial Rings, Jian Wushuang would become a thorn in the side of the Pale Moon Marquis camp.

To draw an analogy, Jian Wushuang would be like a fish bone stuck in a throat.

If they couldn’t get rid of this fish bone, the Pale Moon Marquis camp would be in torment.

Without hesitating, the Demon Soul Lord dispatched the Golden Purple Puppet she had been fighting. Inconspicuously, she flew towards Jian Wushuang.

At that same time, the Myriad Islands Lord also seemed to lean towards Jian Wushuang intentionally.

Jian Wushuang was outside the battlefield. He wasn’t directly involved in the fighting and was focused on using his Realm to suppress the Puppet Fighters.

Besides, the Iron Saber Lord and the Loftiness Lord were still in front of him.

“All of those Gold-armored Puppets are almost defeated,” the Iron Saber Lord said with a smile.

“After all, Puppet Fighters are not fully sentient. They don’t know how to work well with others. Obviously, they’re not qualified to be the opponents of our human lords. Furthermore, we have the Realm of our friend, Swordsman.” Looking at Jian Wushuang, the Loftiness Lord said in admiration, “Swordsman’s Realm is really the envy of us.”

“It’s my pleasure to have you two, the advanced lords, to be my guards,” Jian Wushuang said with a smile.

At this moment…

“What happened?” Jian Wushuang’s expression darkened. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The Iron Saber Lord and the Loftiness Lord both noticed the danger as well.

A ghostly figure had suddenly appeared beside Jian Wushuang. Immediately, Jian Wushuang was covered by a terrible killing intent.

“Demon Soul Lord.”

The Iron Saber Lord and the Loftiness Lord instantly recognized the Demon Soul Lord and also realized her purpose.

“You want to kill Swordsman?” The Iron Saber Lord snorted. He waved his sleeve and unleashed an immaterial wave.

The Loftiness Lord held a long purple spear in his hand, but this was just a first-grade magic weapon. It was not as useful as the Dao Weapon he previously had.

“You two can’t stop me, get out of here!”

With a cold voice, the Demon Soul Lord was filled with killing intent. A strange scarlet saber chopped violently towards them.

It appeared like a curved Xue Yun in the sky.

The Iron Saber Lord and the Loftiness Lord immediately tried to parry the blow.

However, the Iron Saber Lord was only an advanced lord. Previously, he had been able to fight the Demon Soul Lord because he had the Dao Weapon in his possession. Without it now, it was difficult for him to oppose her.

It was impossible for them to stop the Demon Soul Lord who was an expert at the level of superior lord.

Clang! Clang!

A collision was heard, followed by the Iron Saber Lord and the Loftiness Lord being attacked and thrown sideways.

The Demon Soul Lord paused for a moment, then rushed towards Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang made use of the Demon Soul Lord’s pause to unleash the Triple Shift. His figure transformed into a residual shadow and retreated.

As Jian Wushuang retreated, he stared coldly at the Demon Soul Lord.

Abruptly, Jian Wushuang felt a chill. Instinctively, he turned his head and discovered that someone had appeared behind him. That person was the Myriad Islands Lord. The Myriad Islands Lord realized Jian Wushuang’s purpose, and gave him a menacing grin.

The Myriad Islands Lord stretched out his palm slowly and a flash of silver light flew towards Jian Wushuang.

“What’s that ?” Jian Wushuang was shocked.

He was soon able to see it clearly. The silver light was a bead.

“Ninth Heaven Thunderbolt ?”

The Iron Saber Lord and the Loftiness Lord also saw the silver bead and their expressions changed dramatically.