Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

4633 The Real Great Catastrophe War (2)

Although Old Master had used a special method to trace back the blood essence that had been burned, the residual effects were reflected in every single way.

As his meridians became chaotic, Jian Wushuang could only grit his teeth and sort them out bit by bit.

Perhaps she saw his pain, Feng Qi directly put her palm on his back and slowly transmitted the vast and pure Phoenix breath.

Jian Wushuang’s body trembled slightly, and then he said stiffly, “Thank you.”

“How insincere. Do you know how many times I’ve saved your life? How dare you treat your savior like this?” Feng Qi said unhappily.

!!

“I really don’t understand you. You were so excited, you even took off your clothes.”

“…”

After leaving Rodu Star Field, Jian Wushuang carried the last of the Qilin clan and headed towards the base camp of the Offworld Battlefield.

After working at full force for more than a month, the Cosmic Boat finally arrived at the Offworld Battlefield.

The scene that Jian Wushuang was most worried about did not happen. The base camp in the Offworld Battleground was peaceful. The patrol teams of the Dragon clan and the Phoenix Clan were still patrolling.

Supreme Xue Bo and the others had been waiting outside for a long time.

Jian Wushuang flew over and said in a deep voice, “Void God has broken the seal and returned.”

The faces of Supreme Xue Bo and the others changed when they heard this. Then, they said, “It seems that the person who forced his way into the crack a few days ago should be Void God.”

Hearing this, Jian Wushuang quickly asked Supreme Xue Bo to continue.

“About ten days ago, a powerful void power gushed out from the depths of the Divine Power Universe, but it didn’t clash with the base camp. Instead, it went straight into the crack, and the Dragon and Phoenix clans who were stationed there lost nearly 100 Supreme experts.”

Jian Wushuang frowned. It seemed that Void God had returned to the Void Universe. The time for the next Great Catastrophe was getting closer and closer.

It could be 1,000 years or 10,000 years.

“Will Void God be afraid of Old Master’s existence in the Divine Power Universe and not dare to launch the catastrophe or extend the time?”

After thinking for a while, Jian Wushuang denied the first point.

Old Master was alone in the Divine Power Universe, who could stand in an undefeatable position. However, there were mighty figures besides Void God in the Void Universe.

The True Shadow that Devour One had summoned in the Polar Sea Star Field gave Jian Wushuang great pressure with just one glance.

Devouring Emperor, who was extremely mysterious, must be much stronger than Void God.

Meanwhile, all the Divine Power Universe had was Old Master.

Jian Wushuang did not dare to think about it anymore. The three Ancestor realm experts in the Void Universe almost made Jian Wushuang feel despair.

Supreme Xue Bo gestured to the others and said softly, “Palace Master Wushuang, I have good news as well. Two members of the Dragon clan have advanced to the Half Ancestor level not long ago.”

“What? Half Ancestor?!” At this moment, whether it was Feng Qi of the Phoenix clan or Lu Ting of the Qilin clan, they all widened their eyes.

So far, only Feng Qi was a Half Ancestor in the Phoenix Clan. Lu Shan of the Qilin clan died and they did not have a single Half Ancestor, while the Dragon clan already had three Half Ancestors.

Two Half Ancestors! This meant that the Dragon clan had once again trampled the Phoenix clan and the Qilin clan under their feet.

Upon hearing this, the vexed expression on the face of Dragon Emperor Linhe eased up. The heavens have blessed the Dragon clan! The heavens have blessed the Dragon clan!

A touch of sadness flashed in the depths of Lu Ting’s eyes, and his firm heart began to waver.

Feng Qi furrowed her brows, thinking about something.

After hearing the news, Jian Wushuang’s face relaxed.

Half Ancestors could also influence the battle, and could greatly reduce the loss of their living forces.

Jian Wushuang had a premonition that the Great Catastrophe War would start again in at most 1,000 years after the return of Void God.

During this period of time, breaking through was his most urgent task.

At the same time, after the last battle, the Divine Life Palace had lost almost half of its members. Jian Wushuang decided to gather the individual cultivators during this time.

One by one, the Cosmic Boats left the base camp, and the gathered orders were like starlight and scattered in the Divine Power Universe.

He was going to tell all the itinerant cultivators in the Divine Power Universe, as well as the clans and sects that were resisting tenaciously, to finish the battle in one go and face the most intense battle in the future!

After giving all these instructions, Jian Wushuang flew directly to the Wordless Monument and concentrated on breaking through the barrier.

When he burned his blood essence to fight against Void God, Jian Wushuang felt that the unbreakable realm had started to shake.

No matter what, he had to break through Half Invincible Supreme and enter the Invincible Supreme realm!

Jian Wushuang was looking forward to it. If he could defeat a Half Ancestor level expert when he was only at the Half Invincible Supreme realm, what about the Invincible Supreme realm?

Sitting in front of the huge Wordless Monument, Jian Wushuang closed his eyes and focused his mind. He began to comprehend the previous breakthrough point.

Waves of charm enshrouded his body, causing slight ripples.

Old Master stood behind Jian Wushuang calmly, as if he had fallen into a deep sleep.

Time flew by, and in the blink of an eye, 500 years had passed.

During this period, the Cosmic Boats that had left the base camp began to return one after another. They brought back powerful itinerant cultivators.

They were either cultivators whose clans and sects had been destroyed or cultivators who had survived the last Great Catastrophe.

Every one of them was extremely powerful.

Just the first batch of returning Cosmic Boats brought back close to 50,000 cultivators.

There were more than five thousand ordinary Autarchs, and there were nearly twenty-plus who had taken part in the first war of the apocalypse, then gone into hiding.

With the appearance and participation of every cultivator, it meant that the chances of victory in this Great Catastrophe War were higher, but at the same time, it also meant that it was more tragic.

All the cultivators who came to the Offworld Battleground knew that this battle would bet the lives and luck of many generations of the Divine Power Universe.

They could not lose, so they gathered here to finish the battle in one go.

Following the return of the first batch of Cosmic Boats, the second and third batches also returned.

One after another, cultivators descended from the Cosmic Boat. At the same time, there was an endless stream of cultivators who lived in the open and stepped into various Star Fields, coming from everywhere in the Divine Powe Universe.

Stepping into the base of the Offworld Battleground, everyone had different expressions on their faces, but most of them were silent and determined. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Every cultivator knew what position they would be in in the upcoming catastrophe.

In the face of an enemy that was several times stronger, they did not know if their death could be exchanged for a chance for their descendants to breathe.

However, even so, they still came.

Supreme Xue Bo and the others saw that nearly 300,000 cultivators had arrived at the Offworld Battlefield, they were already in tears.

No one knew how far a war would progress when one’s life was at stake, because most people would either die peacefully or tragically in the process.

The huge Offworld Battlefield did not become lively even after the large influx of cultivators.

This place would forever be filled with death and coldness.