Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0:02 / 1:07

4652 Lu Ding Claims to Be the Lord

The war of catastrophe, which had lasted for countless chaos cycles, had ended with Void God’s death. It was a tragic victory for the Divine Power Universe.

The experts of both universes had been completely annihilated in this war. Even if another million chaos cycles passed, it would be difficult for the two universes to return to their pre-war state.

The world was clear, and there was no longer any war to fight.

The ripples on the Black Water disappeared, and the old man seemed to have aged significantly. He turned to look at the 200,000 Supreme experts behind him and said slowly, “I will be sleeping here. Perhaps I will only wake up when he returns. You all can go back to your own places.”

Jian Wushuang, who had already become the backbone of the Divine Power Universe, had completely disappeared in the space-time turbulence. As a result, even the Divine Power Universe, who had won, had ended up in a miserable state.

Earlier on, every Supreme knew clearly that if Jian Wushuang had not died, they would have launched a counterattack on the Void Universe and carried out a thorough reckoning instead of ending it in such a dismal manner.

However, there were no ifs. Nothing could be changed.

“Counterattack the Void Universe! We want revenge!” a Supreme martial artist roared.

Immediately after, nearly 200,000 Supreme experts shouted at the same time.

“Counterattack the Void Universe! Don’t leave a single enemy alive!”

Supreme Xue Bo and the others looked at Old Master.

Old Master acted as if he did not hear anything. His figure floated forward and turned into a long Black River that flowed in the broken void of the Offworld Battlefield.

In the end, the battle came to a tragic end. Out of the nearly 200,000 Supreme martial artists, 50,000 of them belonged to the Divine Life Palace, while the remaining 150000 were scattered in the sky.

The Dragon clan and Phoenix clan had suffered great losses, and almost all of their Supreme realm experts had died. Nearly 70 percent of the sects that had come had been destroyed, and not a single person was left.

Great Void Divine Emperor stood at the place where Jian Wushuang had disappeared for a hundred years. In this hundred years, other than the disciples of the Divine Life Palace, there was no one else in the Offworld Battlefield.

Great Void Divine Emperor seemed to be thinking about Jian Wushuang and what kind of existence he was.

He seemed to have inherited the Heavenly Dao and appeared silently. He grew from an unremarkable existence to this day, and then led the Divine Power Universe from decline to complete victory.

After the Divine Power Universe had won, he suddenly disappeared without a trace, as if he had completed the task given to him by the Heavenly Dao.

He was like a Ranger, a passer-by, leaving only a fleeting shadow, and never to meet again.

A hundred years later, Great Void Divine Emperor left while laughing.

Under the leadership of Supreme Xue Bo and Supreme Jun Fu, less than 1,000 disciples had joined forces to build the Divine Life Palace the entrance of the Divine Power Universe to the Offworld Battlefield.

At the same time, the news of the Divine Power Universe’s victory spread quickly.

Along with the news of the Divine Power Universe’s victory, there was another piece of news.

The Patriarch of the Qilin race, Lu Ding, broke through to the Ancestor realm in the midst of danger and saved the Divine Power Universe from its crisis. He led all the Supreme experts to fight to the death and finally killed Void God, winning with a Pyrrhic victory.

At the same time, the old era was removed, and a new era began. Lu Ding built the Cangwu Platform in the shattered Rodu to replace the position of Cosmos God.

The Cangwu Platform had become the Dao Plaza of the new generation of Cosmos God Lu Ding.

A series of news spread in the Divine Power Universe and spread throughout the Nine Heavens and Ten Lands.

At the same time, the most important piece of news was spread.

In order to commemorate the great victory of this calamity, the new Cosmos God Lu Ding opened a Dao Plaza. All Supreme realm experts were allowed to come and listen to the Dao. Every StFr field and Divine Kingdom could even send ten Ultimate Rulers to listen to the Dao and comprehend.

The moment this news was released, countless Star Fields and Divine Kingdoms went into a frenzy. This new Cosmos God was already showing great kindness to everyone. It was only a matter of time before he could listen to the Dao of an Ancestor realm expert and advance to the Supreme realm.

Just opening up a dojo was enough to make the remaining Star Fields and Divine Kingdoms prepare themselves and go on a pilgrimage.

For the next hundred years, all the outstanding geniuses of the Divine Power Universe went to the Cangwu Platform to seek an audience with the new Cosmos God, Lu Ding.

“Preposterous! You’re really shameless!”

A deafening sound of a table being hit reverberated from the newly built Divine Life Palace.

Supreme Xue Bo’s hair and beard stood on end as he looked at the urgent message from the Cangwu Platform on the table. “Shameless bastard! You’re just fishing for fame! You’re stepping on the corpses of millions of cultivators in my Divine Power Universe to get to your position!

Supreme Jun Fu’s face was also unsightly, and he and the 50,000 disciples of the Divine Life Palace were filled with righteous indignation.

Ninth Kalpa King immediately rushed out, but he was stopped by Supreme Jun Fu. “Elder Ninth Kalpa, don’t get angry first.”

“I want to seek justice for Jian Wushuang.” Suppressing the rage in his heart, Ninth Kalpa King said in a deep voice. The aura of an Invincible Supreme made him look like a sharp sword.

Supreme Xue Bo came behind Nnith Kalpa King, put his palm on his shoulder, and said, “Right now, there are hundreds of things that need to be done in the Divine Power Universe, and people can’t stand any more turmoil, so let’s just bear with it.”

After taking a deep breath, Ninth Kalpa King only said that he was going into seclusion. He then entered the depths of the Divine Life Palace and never came out again.

“From today on, the Divine Life Palace will be closed. We won’t see any messengers from the Qilin clan!” Supreme Xue Bo said in a low voice.

“Yes!” The 50,000 disciples of the Divine Life Palace cupped their hands in unison.

From then on, the Divine Life Palace was closed.

Urgent messages from the Qilin clan to all the major sects flowed in the universe.

In the Red Sky Star Field, an urgent message from the Qilin clan was placed in front of Feng Qi. However, she did not even open her eyes.

In the hall, nearly 10,000 disciples of the Phoenix clan stood on both sides, looking at their great Matriarch nervously.

“Matriarch, all of the descendants of the race who are Ultimate Rulers and above have arrived,” the handsome young man named Feng Xiao stepped forward and said.

Feng Qi slowly opened her eyes, and her beautiful eyes swept across every Phoenix clan descendant in the hall. She said in a low voice, “From today onwards, the Phoenix clan will close the Star Field, and no one is allowed to go out without permission. If any ignorant brat can’t resist the temptation and goes to the Cangwu Platform, don’t blame me for cutting him into pieces in the future!”

In the hall, all the Phoenix clan descendants responded in unison.

“In addition, tell those fellows of the Dragon clan that if any one of them dares to head to the Cangwu Platform to listen to the teachings, the entire Phoenix clan will fight them to the death!”

Phoenix Matriarch’s prestige was fully displayed. She looked into the distant void, and a trace of sadness flashed in her eyes.

In the same year, the Dragon clan and the Phoenix clan closed their Star Fields, and no one went to the Cangwu Platform to listen to the Dao. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

The Great Void Temple, Starry Sky Sword Sect, the Nine Emperor Pavilion, Nine Stars Holy Land, Sword Alliance, and the other ancient sects that had participated in the battle of the Great Catastrophe War all announced that they would go into seclusion in the same year. They did not send anyone to listen to the teachings at the Cangwu Platform.

This was unprecedented in any era.