Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

4655 The Demoness of Da Qian (2)

Even if the ground was soft, it almost took Jian Wushuang’s life.

The meridians and bones of his entire body broke inch by inch the moment he landed on the ground. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

His True Soul and divine soul, together with his brain, were almost thrown out.

Jian Wushuang, who was nearly 100 meters underground and had created a crater within a 10-mile radius, was now lying on his back. It was almost impossible for him to even move his fingers.

His root bone was almost crushed into powder and he was already paralyzed. Even swallowing was an extravagant hope.

However, fortunately, his soul was still there and he had not stepped into the reincarnation stage.

As long as his divine soul was not destroyed, even if he only had a strand of hair or a piece of skin left, he could regrow his divine body.

At the same time, he began to sense that what filled his body was no longer divine power, but another Law, another power.

This kind of power that was not integrated into the body had far surpassed divine power. It was manifolds higher than divine power.

He was completely shocked. “What is this place? Did I not return to the Divine Power Universe?”

Jian Wushuang wanted to check his surroundings, but the only thing he could do was to blink and close his eyes.

With a helpless attitude, Jian Wushuang continued to lie down.

Spring and autumn changed, and the new snow replaced the new spring.

He had been counting days for 500,000 years.

500,000 years was a long time, but Jian Wushuang lay there like a rock for 500,000 years.

As he was unable to absorb any power from the outside world, he could only rely on the divine power that was produced in his Dantian to repair his broken body inch by inch.

After 500,000 years, Jian Wushuang could finally move his body. However, because of his mistake, he had to lie down for another 100,000 years.

Looking at the extremely abundant and powerful power that surpassed any power he had ever seen, Jian Wushuang, who did not believe it, tried to absorb a wisp of the vast and mysterious energy. Then, he lay straight back in the pit.

After learning a painful lesson, Jian Wushuang, who had completely recovered, climbed up from the pit and did not do anything similar again.

For 600,000 thousand years, Jian Wushuang could not help but sigh. It was a double torture to his body and soul.

Feeling the divine power that had filled his body to the extreme, he decided to find a way to leave this place.

He tried to use his vast divine power to tear the space apart, but his divine power, which was comparable to an Ancestor realm expert’s, could not even leave a white mark when it streaked across the space.

Jian Wushuang had no choice but to give up.

After walking out of the boundary filled with giant trees, Jian Wushuang finally realized what was strange.

There was not a single living being’s aura here, not even the clear cry of birds.

“Could it be that this place is a dead zone?” Jian Wushuang thought as he leaped into the sky.

Just as he leaped up, a sense of life and death crisis made him subconsciously look down.

In the middle of the dense forest, a purple tail as huge as a Sky-Wwallowing Python whipped toward him.

Jian Wushuang had no time to dodge at all and he was directly whipped down from the sky.

He only stopped after breaking hundreds of towering trees with his body. He felt as if his body had been scattered.

Rumble, rumble!!!

The earth trembled, and the towering trees parted in two rows. A strange, pitch-black beast with a dark purple tail slowly walked out of the darkness.

It had six thick canine teeth, and its mouth was like a bloody abyss.

The giant claw tore the space apart and quickly came for Jian Wushuang.

The explosion of that extremely terrifying aura made him lose all desire to fight and directly jumped away from this attack.

After dodging the attack, Jian Wushuang did not even have time to catch his breath. A dark purple tail whipped him and he was smashed to the ground again.

The strange giant beast arrived in front of Jian Wushuang at a speed that did not match its body shape. It opened its huge bloody mouth and swallowed him directly!

He did not want to save his strength anymore, so he used the Ancestral Skill.

The radiance of the Transcendence Heavenly Gate surged and a giant finger appeared around Jian Wushuang. Then, it stabbed into the mouth of the giant beast.

The attack, which was at the peak of the Divine Power Universe, tore the corner of the giant beast’s mouth apart, and three of its six mountain-like teeth were broken.

The giant beast retreated in pain and then went completely crazy. It opened its mouth and tried to shovel Jian Wushuang.

Seeing that even the Ancestral Skill could not kill it, Jian Wushuang did not dare to fight to the death. He immediately fled madly.

Just like that, a beast chased a man in this huge forest.

Just as Jian Wushuang was prepared for the worst, the giant beast behind him suddenly let out a miserable howl and fell to the ground like a collapsing mountain.

Jian Wushuang turned around with lingering fear and saw that the giant beast was being held back by something and twitching.

A wail came from the beast’s mouth, and it looked at him with pleading eyes.

“Is this guy trying to lure me into his trap?” Jian Wushuang started to doubt.

Just as he was about to turn around and leave this place of trouble, the giant beast actually spoke human language and interrupted, “Save… Save me.”

After thinking for a while, Jian Wushuang cautiously moved forward. When he was closer, he saw that there was a thick chain tied to the neck of the giant beast.

The chain was deeply embedded in its neck, and its head was almost cut off by its fervent running.

At this moment, the giant beast was already on the verge of death and could not live.

Taking a deep breath, Jian Wushuang stopped in front of the mountain-like figure and looked at the chain that was deeply embedded in the bone. After a moment of hesitation, he drew the Tarot DiSine sword and cut the chain in half.

The chains shattered, and the giant beast let out a wail before lying down quietly.

Jian Wushuang did not intend to stay. When he was about to leave, he glanced at the ground from the corner of his eye.

In the middle of the thick chain, a huge iron plate engraved with complex characters came into view.

Jian Wushuang lifted the iron plate and saw the complicated words on it clearly. It was carved by someone and contained the power of rules and restrictions.

The weak giant beast looked up at Jian Wushuang and gave a soft cry. Its eyes were full of fear and horror when it saw the iron plate.

Jian Wushuang did not pay attention to the giant beast’s actions. Instead, he fell into deep thought.

The words on the metal plate should have been carved by a human hand, which meant that this place was definitely not a dead zone. Then what kind of place was this? What would the rules of the Great Dao be like?

No one could answer. In the 600,000 years that Jian Wushuang had been here, the only living thing he had seen was this big fellow.