Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

4663 Suppressing the Ancient Era, Ascending to Become Cosmos God (2)

The clay idol, which had everything about Lu Ding, and was even more bizarre and cunning, had disappeared just like that.

Jian Wushuang was shocked, but when he wanted to look for it, he realized that he could not find it.

After all, the Divine Power Universe was too vast. Even a Star Field or Divine Kingdom was just a drop in the ocean.

The disappearance of the clay idol was like a hidden danger that was deeply imprinted in Jian Wushuang’s heart.

However, none of the Supreme realm experts cared about that. They only cared about Jian Wushuang’s return!

From the moment Lu Ding ascended to the position of Cosmos God, all the Supremes who had participated in the battle of the Great Catastrophe War and survived had all gone into seclusion in their respective sects.

In their hearts, only one person was qualified to become the next Cosmos God.

A total of 200,000 Supreme martial artists surrounded Jian Wushuang like a tide.

Looking at the Supremes experts, whose realms and divine power had been exhausted to a certain extent, Jian Wushuang smiled and waved his hand to send down the Laws of fate energy.

In just an instant, they had all returned to the peak of their cultivation realms.

Feeling the abundant divine power in their bodies, all the Supreme martial artists half-knelt on the ground, cupped their hands, and said in unison, “Thank you, Palace Master Wushuang!”

Then, Feng Qi looked at Jian Wushuang with her beautiful eyes and chuckled, “They all call you Palace Master Wushuang, but I don’t want to. How about I call you Lord Cosmos God?”

Jian Wushuang was stunned and then waved his hand hurriedly, “Don’t joke around. I’m definitely not up to the task.”

The rest of the people also understood tacitly. Supreme Xue Bo cupped his hands and said, “Palace Master Wushuang, the Divine Power Universe can’t go a day without a master. The Divine Power Universe is not completely stable now, and it needs someone to lead it. Besides Palace Master Wushuang, no one else is qualified to do so.”

Long Yan and Long Chi also cupped their hands. “The Dragon clan has also come to request Palace Master Wushuang to ascend to the position of Cosmos God.”

Jian Wushuang ddi not say anything. He looked at the broken and barren Star Fields and then at the cultivators who had been running around. Finally, he slowly lifted the corners of his mouth and said the simplest word.

“Alright.”

…

The heavens and earth were clear, an auspicious sign.

In the same year, Jian Wushuang, the Palace Master of the Divine Life Palace, became the Cosmos God.

The whole world was celebrating.

The entire grand occasion was expected to last for a hundred years.

In the mortal world, old people’s lives were extended by 20 years. From then on, the weather would be smooth for 100 years, and the divine power in the Star Fields and Divine Kingdoms would be ten times more abundant.

The large ancient sects that received the birds gladly sent their disciples who were restricted by their cultivation. Even a few hidden sects also moved out.

It had been nearly 20 years since the great migration of tens of millions of cultivators, whether they ascended on swords or rode on boats and carriages, came to the center of the entire universe — the Cloud Palace.

Every cultivator who came here was shocked by the scene in front of them.

On the old site of the broken Cloud Palace, a magnificent and majestic Cloud Palace rose up again.

On the hundreds of ancient pillars on both sides of the square, there were a total of 100 true dragons, all of which were at the Supreme realm.

Then, above the clouds, hundreds of fire Phoenixes cried in unison and flew up. Their extremely beautiful tail feathers no longer sprayed down fatal flames, but beautiful tassels.

At the same time, the people who were lined up in the vast square were all Supreme experts who were almighty and powerful.

Every cultivator walked forward with their eyes wide open. Everything they saw was shocking their understanding.

At this moment, there were nearly 200,000 Supreme experts standing in front of the square in front of the palace. Every one of them was smiling from the bottom of their hearts.

They had all participated in the battle of Great Catastrophe and fought side by side with that person. From the mountain of corpses to the sea of blood, they had never retreated.

There were more than five million cultivators who had participated in the battle of the Great Catastrophe, but only less than 200,000 were left. It could be said to be the most tragic battle in history.

Together, they resisted external enemies and would also witness the arrival of a true Cosmos God.

Lord River Spirit had also changed into a new set of clothes and was guarding the morning bell beside him with a happy expression. He was waiting for the clear and turbid to be determined before he rang the bell.

Xue Bo, Ninth Kalpa King, Jun Fu, and the others all changed into new clothes, waiting for the moment to come with happy expressions.

Old Master was still wearing a black robe, and his cold face had a rare touch of peace.

Almost ten million cultivators from the Divine Power Universe had gathered in the center of the vast square, but no one dared to make a noise.

On both sides of them were the legendary Supreme True Dragons, above their heads was the giant Phoenix, just like the True Dragons, and in front of them were 200,000 terrifying Supreme martial artists waiting for battle…

Even the most talented of Heaven’s Favorites actually had no face to speak of here…

When the clear and turbid Qi of heaven and earth had just separated, Lord River Spirit, who had been waiting for a long time, pushed the morning bell with all his might.

The celestial sound spread to the Nine Heavens and Ten Lands.

At that moment, all the cultivators were looking at the Cloud Palace, which was located in the clouds and smoke. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The door of the hall slowly opened to the sides, and smoke formed by divine power rose.

A young man in a plain white robe with a Jade Lotus hanging on his waist strolled out.

Around him, seven-colored rainbows of the Great Dao flashed across the sky and the earth. With every step he took, thousands of colorful lotuses bloomed.

The majestic divine patterns flowing through his hair made him look like the embodiment of Laws. His every movement contained the Great Dao.

Behind him was a Daoist boy with red lips and white teeth, his hair tied into two buns.

Lan Lan, who was standing beside Supreme Xue Bo and the others, smiled sincerely when she saw this scene. However, her eyes soon turned red.

She seemed to see another kind of continuation when she looked at Chu Zhi.

All the Supreme realm cultivators could no longer hide their excitement. They half-knelt on the ground and said solemnly, “Civilians of the Divine Power Universe pay their respects to Cosmos God!”

As the atmosphere was unconsciously infected, the nearly ten million cultivators who had gathered here all half-knelt on the ground and said solemnly, “Citizens of the Divine Power Universe pay their respects to Cosmos God!”

Looking at the tens of millions of cultivators on the square and all the Last Flames in the Divine Power Universe, Jian Wushuang laughed happily. He had never felt so good before.

With a wave of his hand, the breeze formed by the Great Dao lifted all the cultivators.

“Everyone, there’s no need to be so formal. Although I’m a Cosmos God, my more important identity is that I’m also a member of the Divine Power Universe.”

“I rose from insignificance. Naturally, I will return the favor.”

“In the past million years, I’ve witnessed the rise and fall of the Divine Power Universe. What shocked me the most was not how terrifying the Void Universe was, but the tenacity of the cultivators who participated in the Great Catastrophe War and saved the Divine Power Universe from defeat after defeat.”