Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

4664 A Tiny Start, Finally the Great Dao

The eyes that exuded a majestic great Dao slowly looked at every Supreme martial artist in the vast Dao Plaza.

the Void Universe was completely defeated, and our godly power universe finally welcomed peace. The Heavenly Dao reappeared, and order remained.

The celestial music was boundless. Jian Wushuang waved his sleeve and the unparalleled halo of the Great Dao descended. An indescribable mysterious divine power fell on every cultivator.

All of the ten million cultivators who had come to the Cloud Palace, no matter how many chaos cycles they had been stuck in, were able to make a breakthrough here.

A wider path of cultivation appeared in front of every cultivator.

Jian Wushuang, who controlled the Great Dao divine power of the entire universe, also felt the recognition of the universe at that moment.

From Ultimate Rulers to Half Ancestors, everyone felt the subtle changes.

Xue Bo, Feng Qi, Long Yan, Long Chi, and the others all trembled. The unparalleled cultivation that they almost did not dare to look up to and had no way to break through had actually opened for them at this moment!

The Great Dao had been opened to them. Although the fate energy of the Divine Power Universe could no longer support a second Ancestor realm expert, this directly showed that everything that they received from Cosmos God, they had the right to inherit!

Long Yan and Long Chi bowed to Jian Wushuang from the bottom of their hearts.

No one else knew, but they knew that if they had not participated in the war and lost nearly 100,000 of their descendants, the Dragon clan, which looked bright on the outside but was rotten on the inside, would have been wiped out after the Great Catastrophe War.

However, the Dragon Emperor Linhe’s gamble paid off. The Dragon clan would finally receive the protection of the Great Dao from Cosmos Gods. They would no longer be restricted by their cultivation levels and would be able to live forever with the universe.

Tens of thousands of Phoenixes arrived, and they all had rings of fire in their mouths, symbolizing that life and death would not change.

Ninth Kalpa King and the other Invincible Supremes all felt the loosening of their cultivation realm. It was only a matter of time for them to break through to the Half Ancestor realm.

At the same time, all the hidden injuries in the bodies of the Supreme experts who had participated in the battle of the Great Catastrophe War had disappeared, and their cultivation, which had almost stagnated, had advanced to another level.

Even their bloodlines in the future would have a certain level of protection from the Great Dao.

The clouds in the sky rolled and the white clouds faded. Time passed and everything was finally back on the right track.

Clear and bright.

It started from insignificance, was born from the Heavenly Dao, and finally turned the tide when the universe was defeated and destroyed.

Jian Wushuang nodded in respect and finally achieved the Great Dao.

At this moment, the tens of millions of cultivators clasped their hands together devoutly and said in unison, “Cosmos God is kind.”

…

In the meantime, Jian Wushuang, who had become Cosmos God, had a simple meditation session.

Jian Wushuang looked at the Last Flames from the Divine Power Universe and asked a question that he had answered before.

“My Young Friends, what do you think Dao is?”

Everything was brand new, and it was a vigorous continuation.

A hundred years later, Jian Wushuang heaved a long sigh of relief as he looked at the empty Cloud Palace.

There was nothing better than the continuation of the next generation of the Divine Power Universe.

He stood up and stood alone in the vast Daoist Rite temple, waving his hand to repair the broken Great Dao of the Heavens.

The soul essence left behind by Supreme Dao Yan had long grown into a green lotus with a jade root. Jian Wushuang was immersed in the Great Dao all the time, and he had long possessed an ignorant mind.

Another 10,000 years passed. Jian Wushuang did not stop to repair the Great Dao and finally, he finished.

The damage caused by the Void Universe’s invasion had been repaired. Countless Star Fields and Divine Kingdoms had returned to their starting point, and their fate energy was flowing again.

However, it was difficult for the dead to have a chance to be resurrected.

After that, Jian Wushuang summoned Feng Qi, who refused to leave the Cloud Palace.

“What’s the matter, Lord Cosmos God? You’re finally willing to summon us.” Feng Qi, who had changed into a plain robe, walked over among the flowing clouds and looked disdainfully at Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang smiled helplessly, then took out the green lotus that he had worn for tens of thousands of years from his waist and handed it to Feng Qi.

“This green lotus is formed from the spiritual essence of the previous Palace Master of the Divine Life Palace, Supreme Dao Yan. He has been comprehending by my side for tens of thousands of years and has long developed intelligence. Now, I ask you to send this green lotus to the human world and let him undergo training.”

Feng Qi nodded. “I’ll send him to a good family?” Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Jian Wushuang shook his head and laughed. “If you throw the green Lotus into the air, you will throw it to the family where its aura eventually spreads to. This is his good fortune and the foundation of his future cultivation.”

Feng Qi nodded again and smiled. “You are really becoming more and more like a Cosmos God.”

Hearing this, Jian Wushuang smiled helplessly.

Feng Qi held the green lotus in her hand, and just as she was about to rush to the human world, she said to him softly, “Sleep for a while. We have your back.”

He was slightly startled, but then his expression relaxed. “Yes, it’s time to sleep. I haven’t slept in tens of thousands of years.”

Jian Wushuang walked into the Cloud Palace slowly under the guidance of Chu Zhi.

Before he fell asleep, Jian Wushuang summoned Supreme Xue Bo and the others who were not in seclusion. He asked them to open the Ancient Path of Stars and the Path of the Heavenly Gate, which had stricter rules, so as to start the competition among cultivators.

After that, Jian Wushuang slept for a million years.

In these millions of years, due to the countless luck and blessings he had given, countless rising stars and rare geniuses had all been born by riding on the Heavenly Dao.

Hundreds of millions of cultivators, old and new, were trying to break through the mysterious Heavenly Dao.

A million years later, the Ancient Path of Stars closed slowly. Another hundred peerless geniuses came to the Cloud Palace with longing and excitement.

It was already a great blessing for them to have the opportunity to come to the Cloud Palace. If they could also obtain the right to listen to the Dao on Cosmic God’s futon, they would definitely reach the peak of their cultivation journey in the future!

Lan Lan and Overlord, who was already the Clan Leader of the Overlord clan, were in charge of the Ancient Path of Stars. They were naturally the ones who received the cultivators who passed the assessment.

Even these Heaven’s Favorite experts did not dare to tease this ice-cold emissary Lan Lan. However, they were much more active when it came to the carefree Overlord.

One of the swordsman-like Supremes said in a low voice, “Big brother Overlord, that legendary Lord Cosmos God has really fought alongside you before. He can’t be lying to us, right?”

Overlord, who was about to laugh, was glared at by Lan Lan and quickly covered his mouth.

“Damn you guys, do you know what this place is? If you say one more word, I’ll throw you out…”

For a moment, the vast heavenly Cloud Palace, which was located on the top of the clouds, calmed down again.

What they saw next were countless Supreme martial artists walking out like clouds.

These Supreme experts who had participated in the battle of the Great Catastrophe War a million years ago were legends. They all stayed in Cloud Palace to meditate and comprehend the Dao.