Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0:08 / 1:07

4670 A Million Years Later

As if it was about to disintegrate, the divine power that filled his body also slowly scattered into the air.

“What, what is going on…”

He was a little flustered, but he found that he could not even do the simplest movement.

Han Ya, who had also woken up, saw this scene and a hint of sadness flashed in her eyes. She was extremely sensitive to death Qi, so how could she not understand what was happening?

Jian Wushuang and Old Master landed on the ground and slowly walked in front of him.

Leaning against the coffin, half of the young cultivator’s body had already turned into white light and dissipated.

“Am I already dead?” He raised his head with some difficulty and looked at the god-like man in front of him.

Jian Wushuang’s eyes dimmed and he nodded slowly.

Earlier, when they first met, Jian Wushuang had already noticed that the young cultivator did not have any aura of life.

Perhaps it was because of the Lu Ding Clay Idol that he retained his consciousness and existed in this world as a dead body.

Now that Jian Wushuang had sealed the Lu Ding clay idol, the source of power that maintained his body had naturally disappeared.

After calming down from the initial panic, the young cultivator said, “It turns out that I’ve been like them for a long time. I thought I was the only survivor. But this is fine. After hundreds of thousands of years of boredom, it’s time for me to have a good sleep.”

After saying this, the young cultivator’s body finally turned into a white light.

Jian Wushuang picked up the white light and turned it into a bright star. Then, he decorated the sky.

“Let’s go. We’ll leave everything here to our descendants.” Jian Wushuang smiled and the three figures finally disappeared.

The mission that was supposed to take a million years was completed 800,000 years in advance. Jian Wushuang and the others returned to the heavenly Cloud Palace.

At the end of 300,000 years, Jian Wushuang and Old Master finally returned to the Cloud Palace.

As for the taciturn Lady Han Ya who regarded Jian Wushuang as her everything, she had already passed away one day in the past 200,000 years.

For high-level cultivators, 200,000 years was just a period of seclusion. However, in the universe, the mortals with thin divine power, the peddlers who could not cultivate, and the demon beasts who had a little bit of Enlightenment were the foundation.

200,000 years was the longest and most exciting life for Lady Han Ya.

Jian Wushuang looked at the giant hall, which had been peaceful for hundreds of thousands of years. He smiled and entered the Cloud Palace.

The two Dragon clan’s descendants who were guarding outside the palace sniffed and went back to sleep.

Lan Lan, Overlord, and the others had been stationed on the Ancient Path of Stars and rarely returned to the Cloud Palace. The Supreme Xue Bo led more than 100,000 Supremes to guard the Offworld Battlefield, while Ninth Kalpa King, who had successfully broken through the Invincible Supreme realm and entered the Half Ancestor realm, was stationed on the Path of the Heavenly Gate.

As for the Dragon clan and the Phoenix Clan, they had returned to their respective Star Fields, leaving only a hundred of their descendants to guard the heavenly Cloud Palace.

As time passed, the new moon replaced the sun with spring.

In a flash, another 500,000 years had passed.

On the Cloud Peak, Jian Wushuang was fishing in the sea of clouds with a jade fishing rod in his hand.

At his side was Old Master, Chu Zhi, and of course, Feng Qi.

The small fish made of divine power writhed in the sea of clouds. Every time it was time to take the hook, Jian Wushuang would raise the fishing rod to prevent the fish from touching it. He repeated this repeatedly and never got tired of it.

“I say, Jian Wushuang, you’re so boring. You’ve been fishing with us for more than 100,000 years, but we’ve never caught a single fish,” Feng Qi’s face was full of black lines as she angrily said.

“Fishing is a matter that takes patience and physical strength into consideration. It’s only been 100,000 years and you want to catch a fish? Let’s fish for another 100,000 years,” Jian Wushuang said in all seriousness. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Slightly shaking his head, Feng Qi stopped complaining and also started fishing.

Fishing in the sea of clouds for 500,000 years was also the time when everyone was the most unrestrained.

No one knew what would happen next, not even Jian Wushuang, who stood at the peak of the universe.

In the following time, Supreme Xue Bo and the others, who were stationed in the Offworld Battlefield, began to return to the heavenly Cloud Palace.

What awaited them was the opening of the heavenly door for the first time after the Great Catastrophe War.

Every 100,000 years, a batch of unparalleled geniuses would emerge from the first Ancient Path of Stars. However, only those who had gone through the Path of the Heavenly Gate would have a chance of entering the heavenly Cloud Palace and becoming the disciples of Cosmos God.

The Path of the Heavenly Gate was another trial path that Jian Wushuang had started after he became Cosmos God. If one wanted to enter Cloud Palace, one had to first pass the test of the Path of the Heavenly Gate.

Everyone was secretly looking forward to it. What kind of amazing geniuses would be able to obtain the recognition of nearly 20 Invincible Supremes and a Half Ancestor realm expert?

However, special existences like Jian Wushuang, who had already surpassed the level of a genius, were no longer within the scope of consideration.

One million years later, the morning bell rang, and the sound of celestial music resounded throughout the Nine Heavens and Ten Lands.

Everything was going on in an orderly manner, and all the big shots gathered in the heavenly Cloud Palace.

Jian Wushuang sat in front of the palace. He was obviously looking forward to something and he looked into the distance with a smile.

In the vast clouds and smoke, Ninth Kalpa King, dressed in a white robe, slowly stepped in front of the Cloud Palace, and behind him were more than 20 Invincible Supremes.

“Replying to Cosmos God, the Ninth Kalpa and the others were fortunate to have not failed you,” Ninth Kalpa King cupped his hands and said.

Jian Wushuang smiled and waved his hand. “Thank you for your trouble.”

Enveloped by unparalleled brilliance, Ninth Kalpa King and the others felt the fatigue in their divine bodies dissipate, and their divine power was full.

Then, at the end of the square, six young figures appeared before everyone’s eyes.

Facing the mighty True Dragons on the pillars on both sides, the six figures were not afraid at all, and they walked forward steadily.

At the very front of the six figures was a handsome young man in a green robe.

There was no fear in his eyes, only calmness.

At the same time, he did not understand why he did not feel the slightest sense of strangeness or fear when he came to the most mysterious place in the entire universe, the heavenly Cloud Palace. Instead, he felt an inexplicable sense of familiarity.

After shaking off the unrealistic thoughts in his head, the young man in green gradually increased his pace.

Recalling everything they had experienced in the vast and terrifying Path of the Heavenly Gate, the other five people shivered at the same time and quickly stepped forward.

Not many of the Supreme martial artists present in the Cloud Palace knew just how few people had passed the test of the Path of the Heavenly Gate.

However, they knew clearly that those who had been recognized by the Supremes who had participated in the battle of the Great Catastrophe War were extraordinary geniuses who could stand proudly among the top percentile of the Divine Power Universe.