Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

4681 Changing the Laws

Feeling the blood left behind by their predecessors, an uncontrollable desolation surged in their hearts.

Looking at the endless road of bones that was almost made of countless divine corpses, he was shocked even with his calm mind!

It was hard for him to imagine what kind of Great Catastrophe had happened here that even Ancestor realm experts had fallen!

Half Ancestors, Invincible Supremes, and Half Invincible Supremes had all been buried here, and the rich aura of death had become the main color of the Offworld Battlefield.

This was before Dao Yan was born. Dao Yan wore fresh clothes and rode horses. He used his sword to traverse the world. His unimaginable talent in cultivation made him proud of all the heroes.

There were also super sects that tried to assassinate him, but they were destroyed by him with one sword strike. There were also friends who traveled with him freely. However, above the tens of thousands of miles of the galaxy, this was the first time he faced true cruelty.

Jian Wushuang did not speak. Instead, he waved his hand and cast a vast scroll.

The entire desolate battlefield seemed to come to life. The miserable corpses turned into the people in the tornado.

One by one, the people who had once been extremely lively gradually woke up.

An old beggar holding a wine gourd on his Snowflake Sword smiled and transformed into a river of Sword Dao to block the advancing army.

White Ape, the Overlord Patriarch, who had the power of Ancient Overlords that could reach the heavens, was going to die generously.

Fengtian Patriarch used his death to create a chasm and left a fighting chance for the Divine Power Universe, allowing the Last Flames to escape.

There was even Cosmos God who used his body to imprison Void God and disappeared together into the space-time turbulence.

There were also countless unknown cultivators who died in the Offworld Battlefield.

The purest blood and fire kept attacking Dao Yan’s heart. It was the first time he had truly felt the tragedy and the unspeakable elegy.

The scroll painting ended with Jian Wushuang destroying the Void God with one strike and everything returned to normal.

Jian Wushuang looked back at him and said, “This is what happened millions of years ago.”

Dao Yan’s eyes dimmed. “I will remember the kindness of my predecessors and will not forget it until I die.”

Jian Wushuang smiled and then said, “Let’s continue.”

With that, the two figures flew toward the chasm between the two universes.

With a wave of his hand, Jian Wushuang tore the crack of the Void Universe apart and stepped into it.

In the Star Field that had already been shattered into nothingness, nearly 100 Star-grade Void Warriors endured the tearing of the astral winds and stood guard at the edge of the crack. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

The moment they saw the crack being torn apart and the appearance of Cosmos God, whose vast brilliance could easily annihilate them, all the Star-grade Void Warriors were in despair. They could not even make any move to escape.

A touch of hatred rose in Dao Yan’s eyes. He raised his hand and was about to kill these Void Warriors.

However, Jian Wushuang waved his hand to stop Dao Yan. He shook his head slowly and then floated forward.

Dao Yan withdrew his palm, glanced at the hundred or so Void Warriors coldly, and followed Jian Wushuang.

The hundred or so Void Warriors felt as if they had just walked a circle around death. They were all sweating profusely. They looked at each other. The Void Warrior with the highest cultivation realm and the oldest took a deep breath and said, “Inform the nearest Star Field to escape as far as possible.”

“But who can escape?” A Void Warrior with a broken arm laughed miserably. Then, he extinguished his own life force and turned into a handful of ashes.

That’s right. Even Void God was killed by him, so who could escape?

Above the endless void, Jian Wushuang’s figure moved forward slowly as if he wanted to engrave all the scenes in the Void Universe into his mind.

Then, millions of Void Warriors began to rush out from the various star areas. They all looked at Jian Wushuang in despair.

The Dao yan Supreme had already accumulated his divine power and was ready to fight.

Jian Wushuang ignored the tens of millions of Void Warriors below him.

To him, even if there were double the number of Void Warriors, he would just kill them casually.

What he was about to do now was something he had never done before.

He wanted to change the Great Dao rules of the Void Universe!

After an unknown number of years, Jian Wushuang arrived at the center of the Void Universe. The number of Void Warriors surrounding him had already become endless.

Jian Wushuang slowly spat out the rules of Great Dao of the Divine Power Universe and the brilliant divine brilliance around him started to be restrained.

Then, a cold and lonely aura began to appear.

The appearance of this aura shocked all the Void Warriors to the extreme.

That was void power! The void power that represented the Void Universe!

As the dark and lonely aura increased, Jian Wushuang’s divine pattern turned into void patterns when it reached a certain critical point!

Dao Yan was shocked too. He was so shocked that he couldn’t be any more shocked. That was a cosmos God who represented the peak of the Divine Power Universe and controlled the rules of Great Daos. He could actually cultivate void power?

As Jian Wushuang became a Void God, his boundless void power surged and the rules of Great Dao in the entire Void Universe drew closer to him.

His golden eyes had turned completely black. His aura was even colder than that of a Void God, which terrified all the Void Warriors. They couldn’t believe what was happening in front of them.

Jian Wushuang’s eyes slowly swept across the universe and then he raised his hand to grasp the Great Dao!

The Great Dao of the Void Universe landed in his hand obediently and flowed slowly.

Then, he began to modify the Laws!

The heavens and earth trembled as they continued to merge and change. The Laws of the Great Dao contained too many things. Everything, cultivation, heaven and earth, man and God, were all changing bit by bit.

From a certain perspective, Jian Wushuang’s comprehension of the Great Dao had already surpassed Ancestor realm!

As the rules of the Great Dao of the Void Universe were modified, everything gradually became more concrete.

The destroyed heavens began to reconstruct. The void power remained, but the accompanying skills of every Void Warrior in the Void Universe had been removed.

The Void Explosion power that broke the balance and was inborn was erased by Jian Wushuang from the Laws of the Great Dao!

Furthermore, it would be completely wiped out and would no longer remain in the bloodline.

Each of the Void Warriors could feel the changes in their bodies. The Dantian that was specially used to store Void Explosions had disappeared, as if it had never appeared.

After Jian Wushuang had done all this, he converted the vast void power into divine power.

His main purpose in coming to the Void Universe this time had been accomplished.

If he didn’t completely destroy the Void Universe, he would have to make it reach a delicate balance with the godly power universe.

And this balance was to completely remove the void explosion from the Great Dao rules of the Void Universe!

From a certain perspective, Jian Wushuang had given up on settling the scores of the Void Universe.

From now on, Void Warriors could no longer suppress cultivators by lowering their cultivation realms without Void Explosions!

At the same time, Jian Wushuang resolutely buried a part of the origin in the rules of Great Dao of the Void Universe. This way, even in the distant future where time was meaningless, he could still protect the Divine Power Universe.

“I’ve already completed the Great Dao fate of the Void Universe. From now on, no one from the Void Universe can take a step into the Divine Power Universe in the Void Universe. Anyone who violates this will be killed by the Great Dao.”