Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

4699 The Vast Mirage (2)

The scene unfolding before their eyes was simply too inconceivable!

It was not an exaggeration to say that the mountain-like, row upon row of jade buildings were Secret Realms.

“Brother Jian, what do you think?” Chun Qiu asked in a serious tone.

Jian Wushuang did not speak. After staring at it for a while, he said seriously, “Go around this place and leave at full speed. Don’t stay here even for a moment.”

When the other purple-robed men heard this, although they did not make any big movements, they all activated their own powers to change the course of the giant ship and move forward at full speed!

Jian Wushuang frowned slightly. He felt that there was a pair of eyes in the dark looking at him from time to time, but he could not tell where.

He prayed in his heart that everything would be fine. After all, if there was really a terrifying existence in the water, it would be a destructive blow.

The giant ship sailed quickly on the sea, and none of the possible situations that they had imagined happened.

Jian Wushuang heaved a sigh of relief. Then, he heard Chun Qiu’s trembling voice, “Brother Jian, do you feel that those houses are following us?”

Jian Wushuang’s heart tightened and he quickly turned around to take a look. With one look, his Qi and blood immediately surged.

He saw that the jade palace that should have been left far behind had not disappeared. Instead, it was getting closer and closer.

The surface of the ocean began to ripple, and dark tentacles quietly clung to the fence of the ship.

In the next moment, the sea surface suddenly rolled up, like a mountain rising.

The jade palace also rose.

Everyone looked at the scene in shock.

Under the jade palace, a pitch-black head that was almost the size of a world rose from the bottom of the sea!

Ten thousand pairs of blood-red eyes rose up like tens of thousands of blood-red suns.

It was a giant sea octopus that had grown to the ultimate level!

An indescribable aura spread out and it was beyond Jian Wushuang’s knowledge.

And those exquisite buildings and jade spaces were growing on the head of the giant Sea Sky Octopus.

Tentacles the size of real Dragons began to emerge from under the head that had tens of thousands of blood-red eyes, stirring the huge sea.

Even the ship that was larger than the sky and earth looked like a toy in front of the huge Sea Sky Octopus.

After recovering from the shock, Jian Wushuang immediately released his unparalleled Yan power and an Invisible Longsword appeared in his hand.

The rest of the purple-robed figures also released their powers at the same time.

Ten thousand pairs of blood-red eyes narrowed at the same time, reflecting the ten giant ships in their eyes. Every tentacle the size of a True Dragon emerged from the water at the same time, whipping the giant ships on the surface of the sea!

Jian Wushuang’s eyes narrowed and vast Yan power turned into a pure barrier to protect the entire ship.

At the same time, the remaining eight purple-robed figures also moved. Every one of them had a Yan power aura that was not weaker than the Yan Immortal realm. It soared into the sky and turned into layers of barriers that covered the ship.

Boom boom boom!

The tentacle smashed into the barrier created by Yan power, directly shattering six layers!

Jian Wushuang and the others all suffered different kinds of injuries. The slight tearing of their meridians made everyone know how terrifying the huge Sea Sky Octopus was.

As for the other ships, they only had one Yan Immortal guarding them at most, so they suffered a great disaster. Almost in an instant, two of the ships were broken by the tentacles.

Countless crystals of the black moountains were sent flying, emitting dark purple light. Just as they were about to fall into the deep sea, they decorated the sky with beautiful light.

The entire surface of the sea was boiling. The giant Sea Sky Octopus rose from the deep sea, lying on the surface of the sea. Every time it waved its tentacles, a giant ship full of crystals would be shattered.

The barrier of the ship that Jian Wushuang was on could not hold on any longer.

The skinny purple-robed man turned around and looked at Jian Wushuang. Then, he tore a crack in the magic barrier and jumped out.

The rest of the purple-robed figures followed closely behind, turning into powerful forces that swept toward the giant Sea Sky Octopus.

Jian Wushuang gritted his teeth and also rushed forward. Facing such a terrifying existence, he released the Transcendence Heavenly Gate with all his might.

The majestic heavenly gate opened, and the finger that was like the brilliant sun pressed down on the giant Ocean Sky octopus’s head.

Rumble…

Nearly a thousand beautiful pavilions hidden in the mist were destroyed, and even its extremely huge head paused.

Taking advantage of this moment of pause, the eight purple-robed figures simultaneously released their mighty Yan power, which combined into a vast pillar of light and smashed into the eyes of the giant octopus.

A heart-shaking scream that sounded like a sea demon’s chant resounded. Nearly 5,000 pairs of blood-red eyes were destroyed by this joint attack!

The defenseless eyes were clearly the weakest part of the vast Sky Sky Octopus.

Thick ink-like liquid poured out of its broken chakra and fell into the sea, solidifying the surface of the sea.

At the same time, the severe injuries it had suffered had driven it completely mad. Its vine-like tentacles waved wildly in the air, each strike fatal!

A purple-robed Yan Immortal was just a step slower and was directly crushed into dust, his body and soul destroyed!

One had to know that these people were beyond the Ancestor realm, and they were in an even more profound cultivation realm, the Yan Immortal realm! However, it was reduced to dust by a single blow from the giant Sea Sky Octopus.

Jian Wushuang’s face turned cold. He swept out the invisible long sword in his hand and cut off several tentacles.

At the same time, all kinds of unparalleled divine abilities were thrown out in an instant.

The Transcendence Heavenly Gate and the Extreme Darkness Heavenly Gate were two Ancestral Skills that complemented each other. The power that they could unleash at the same time was unimaginable.

This was especially so when he had the support of his innate ability, ‘Primordial Universe’.

The unparalleled divine might directly caused cracks to appear in this part of the world. The vast sea was like boiling water, boiling for thousands of feet.

Under the appearance of these two Ancestral Skills, even the combined strength of the other seven purple-robed Yan Immortals paled in comparison.

A giant palm formed from countless divine weapons smashed toward the giant Sea Sky Octopus with a destructive force. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

As its body was too huge, it could not avoid it at all. Even the tentacles that tried to block it fell apart when they came into contact with this terrifying move.

Two ultimate Ancestral Skills pressed down on the giant Sea Sky Octopus’s head without any suspense.

The magnificent buildings and palaces were all destroyed, and the mighty power even pressed it into the sea.

The seawater splashed up for tens of thousands of feet, and the extremely thick black liquid covered almost half of the sea.

Standing in the void, Jian Wushuang’s chest heaved up and down quickly. At the same time, he stuffed several crystals into his mouth as if he was eating candy to quickly recover his Yan power.

The two Ancestral Skills released by this all-out attack almost made him unable to withstand it even though he had already reached the Yan Immortal realm.

The Ancestral Skills that he had comprehended from the Land of Sorrows were still extremely terrifying.