Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

4700 The Vast Mirage (3)

Moreover, Jian Wushuang could feel that the two Ancestral Skills were still not perfect, which meant that he had not fully comprehended them.

The rest of the purple-robed figures who were standing side by side with Jian Wushuang were completely shocked.

They had witnessed and participated in the entire process, so they could naturally feel how terrifying that destructive attack was.

None of them could guarantee that they could survive that attack.

What kind of existence was this guy, who was at most a Yan Immortal?

Before they could even catch their breath or say a word, hundreds of tentacles suddenly rose from the bottom of the sea and smashed toward the crowd.

Caught off guard, four of the purple-robed Yan Immortals were struck and destroyed in body and soul!

The smallest purple-robed figure trembled and shouted, “You’re looking for death!”

In the next moment, he turned into a bolt of lightning and dashed forward. The Yan power in his hand turned into a ball of light and he threw out tens of thousands of them in an instant.

The magnificent and tragic bones exploded, but they did not leave many scars on the surface of the giant Sea Sky Octopus.

Under Jian Wushuang’s previous attack, its tens of thousands of bloody eyes had been destroyed. At this moment, there were no more than thousands.

Moreover, the black liquid that flowed out of its eye chakra seemed to have covered its body with a layer of shell. Although it was passively beaten, it was no longer damaged.

A thick tentacle with ferocious bone spikes directly hit him in the waist.

The skinny purple-robed man, who was madly attacking, was sent flying back like a cannonball.

Seeing this, Jian Wushuang stretched out his hand and caught it. Yan power turned into a ribbon and caught it.

Upon closer inspection, the skinny purple-robed man’s waist was almost broken into two, and only a bone spine was barely connected. He was already exhaling more than he was inhaling.

After thinking for a while, Jian Wushuang stuffed the remaining dozens of black mountain crystals into his mouth.

Whether he lived or died was up to fate. Then, he threw him onto the deck.

Chun Qiu caught him and laid him down. He was ready to fight in the void, but then he seemed to have thought of something and gritted his teeth and retreated.

Earlier on, Jian Wushuang had warned him to stay on the boat and not fight no matter what.

He naturally understood that he had yet to reach the Yan Immortal stage, so how could he be of any help?

At this moment, there were only three figures standing in the sky that was about to shatter.

The other two purple-robed figures had already collapsed. In the face of such a terrifying existence, continuing the battle was no different from courting death. Thus, the two of them looked at each other and directly swept toward the giant ship that was not damaged, trying to escape.

The twisted tentacles were still waving wildly. The huge Sea Sky Octopus recognized Jian Wushuang, who had injured it by himself, at a glance.

The remaining thousand pairs of compound eyes flashed with a hint of fear, and then it went completely crazy, controlling the tentacles to smash over without regard for anything.

Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows slightly and did not dare to relax.

The immense force that was difficult to dissipate forced him back a thousand feet, and a dozen tentacles were cut off.

In the next moment, a dazzling river of Sword Dao that looked like thousands of stars gushed in the void. Jian Wushuang sat on the river and poured down.

Millions of extremely sharp Sword Intents fell like a silver river waterfall, illuminating the entire dark world for an instant. Then, they directly covered the huge Sea Sky Octopus.

In the Sword Intents, Jian Wushuang was like a fish swimming. He held an InvisibleLongsword in his hand and rushed straight to the head of the huge Sea Sky Octopus.

Swish!

The entire Invisible Sword pierced through his head, and an ancient aura gushed out from the top of his head.

Jian Wushuang was almost suffocated by the broken acupoint.

The giant Sea Sky Octopus wailed sorrowfully, and a viscous liquid began to gush out of the blood abyss’s huge mouth under its compound eye.

It was rapidly dying!

However, this favorable situation only existed for a moment. Nearly a hundred tentacles hit Jian Wushuang at the same time.

Even though he had already achieved the indestructible divine body, he was almost turned into dust by this blow.

He quickly used Yan power to seal the damaged meridians and the Invisible Sword appeared in his hand again.

This move was not gaudy at all, but it shattered the void. This was an Extinctive Sword, a sword strike with no way to retreat.

The tentacles, which could destroy Yan Immortals with every strike, were easily destroyed like paper under the Extinctive Sword Strike.

This Extinctive Sword Strike was a combination of 100,000 identical Sword Intents. It broke through the giant Sea Sky Octopus’s defense and stabbed into its head without leaving a single mark. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Its dark skin was torn apart, and its bones and flesh were reduced to nothing. A hideous and terrifying wound was torn open on its unimaginably large head.

An ancient aura began to spread wildly from its wounds, accompanied by countless dazzling golden glows that flickered for an instant.

The giant Sea Sky Octopus finally felt an instinctive shiver. It no longer fought, but instead, it controlled its extremely huge body to escape.

However, the moment it moved, Jian Wushuang arrived with his sword.

He had never been soft-hearted when it came to existences that threatened his life.

However, how could Jian Wushuang let the giant Sea Sky Octopus escape?

Take its life when it’s weak!

He thrust the sword down again, and the sword ray, which was nearly ten kilometers tall, directly stabbed into its skull.

The surface of the ocean trembled violently, and the void was finally torn apart. The giant Sea Sky Octopus already descended into a completely berserk state.

It wanted to get rid of the rapid loss of life, so it shook its head crazily in an attempt to throw Jian Wushuang away.

However, Jian Wushuang did not move. He clenched the Invisible Sword in his hand and further destroyed its life source.

However, the heavenly movement of the octopus was simply too massive. Even the sword-light that was a few hundred feet long could not touch its life source!

In this desperate stalemate, Jian Wushuang felt a heat in his arms. Then, a green gourd the size of a thumb flew out and stood in front of him.

“My God, what is this thing? I’ve never seen such a giant thing before!”

“It’s indeed big. If it was in the past, I’m afraid even three Heavenly Courts wouldn’t be able to finish eating this thing.”

“Forget three Heavenly Courts, even if you add another three Heavenly Courts, we won’t be able to finish eating it!”

Jian Wushuang used so much strength that he almost suffocated. His face turned red and he could not say a word.

“Eh, Young Friend, you seem to be struggling. Do you need our help?”

With the last of his strength, Jian Wushuang said with great difficulty, “Sword, Sword…”

The tall and thin old man’s figure appeared and he immediately understood. He looked at the sword hilt at his waist and laughed loudly. “Unfortunately, I have been immersed in sword Dao for countless years and am particularly obsessed with it. Today, I will show you my self-created Sword Dao!”

With that, the tall and thin old man suddenly pulled out the sword from Jian Wushuang’s waist!

However, the incomparably sharp blade was gone, and only the hilt was pulled out?