Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4703  Whirling Heaven

A fine-looking Yan Immortal took a step forward and said arrogantly, "All of you, get off the ship! After entering my territory, the Whirling Heaven, everything is under our control. If you're sensible, I can still let you live, but otherwise, you'll all die without a burial place!"

No one would believe the words of these desperados. Jian Wushuang was sure that even if they gave away the ships, it was impossible for these desperados to let them go.

Everyone had a mocking look on their faces, and Chun Qiu even drew the long blade at his waist.

With the existence that could destroy the mighty spiritual monster on his own, it inexplicably made people feel at ease.

"Get lost," he said. The word that came out of Jian Wushuang's mouth reverberated through the entire world.

All the bandits were stunned, then they looked at each other and laughed.

A total of 10 Yan Immortals and nearly 100 Quasi Yan Immortals were extremely terrifying existences in any part of the world.

And there were at most 5 Yan Immortals on these ships, yet they dared to talk big, how could they not be stunned and laugh?

A bandit laughed and immediately aimed at Jian Wushuang and blasted a huge fire Wave.

However, in the next moment, before Jian Wushuang could make a move, the woman in plain clothes, Zheng Ying, made a move. An even more vigorous Yan power soared into the sky and instantly destroyed the fire Wave.

Yan power's momentum did not slow down and he went straight for the fine-looking bandit.

"Bang!"

The fine-looking bandit flew backward for thousands of feet before he managed to stop himself. His face looked like it was covered in dye, and divine blood was flowing out of its seven orifices.

Jian Wushuang looked at the cold woman in plain clothes beside him, smiled, and jumped to the bow of the ship.

He reached out and pulled out the broken Tarot Divine Sword from his waist, and the thousands of Sword Intents merged into one.

"Alright, since you're not willing to get off the ship, then you can all stay in Whirling Heaven." The leader of the group, a muscular man, laughed. A great divine technique surged in his palm.

Six bright Eight Trigrams that did not match his figure rose from under his feet, and a terrifying force rose from it.

He punched out with both fists, and a total of 100 Eight Trigrams covered the sky like a dense net.

Jian Wushuang, who had been relaxed, was shocked when he saw the Eight Trigrams.

It was impossible for these guys to be some random itinerant bandits. It was very likely that they were from some kind of organized hidden sect that could teach such a move.

The Tarot Divine Sword was broken, but the entire Tarot Sword Manual was in Jian Wushuang's heart. There were stars that gathered on the broken body of the Tarot Divine Sword, acting as the blade.

With one sword move, the original Star Sundering was no longer the same as before. It turned into heaven-revealing Sword Intent and completely broke apart the net-like Eight Trigrams.

Then, Jian Wushuang stepped on the bow of the ship, stepped on the void, and rose up. He then thrust his sword forward.

A violent sonic boom resounded, causing ripples to appear on the entire ocean.

The brawny man's eyes narrowed. His left hand formed a series of hand seals, and an even more magnificent Tai Chi Formations appeared in front of him.

The mighty sword move that had always been successful only pierced through a dozen layers of the Tai Chi Formations before dissipating.

The sturdy man smiled complacently and moved his body to smash Jian Wushuang again.

As the two of them fought in the void, the remaining hundred or so bandits charged toward the giant ship with grim smiles.

In their eyes, they had already treated him as a lamb waiting to be slaughtered, and they rushed forward to fight with each other.

Swish!

A pure beam of light rose into the sky, and the aura of the peak of the Yan Immortal realm gushed out like a great river.

The skinny purple-robed man suddenly flicked his sleeve, and a wave of Yan power, which was as gentle as a breeze but could not be resisted, rose up, directly forcing the first ten or so bandits to retreat.

At the same time, Zheng Ying moved as well. Her cloak landed on the ground, and her entire figure was like a cloud of smoke as she stood on the outermost side of the ship.

Chun Qiu opened his mouth but swallowed his words. He then stood side by side with Zheng Ying and waited for him.

The remaining 30 purple-robed men also leaped into the air and began to fight with all their might.

Jian Wushuang's eyes grew grimmer as he cut off the Eight Trigrams images that were coming from all directions. Today, none of the bandits could survive. Otherwise, if any one of them escaped, they would most likely be retaliated.

After forcing the burly man to retreat ten thousand feet with another sword attack, Jian Wushuang clenched his left hand in the air with full killing intent.

The burly man felt the void around him shatter and a supreme power bound him firmly. He could not control his body and rushed toward Jian Wushuang.

A sense of fear from the moment of life and death surged into his heart. He did not dare to hesitate any longer. His hands formed a series of hand seals, and thousands of Eight Trigrams appeared around him to cut off the invisible restraint.

However, Jian Wushuang had expected this. He had released his Primordial Universe a long time ago and weakened him without him knowing.

The sturdy man was greatly shocked, but it was impossible for him to escape.

Jian Wushuang raised his sword and slashed forward, landing on his head without any mistake.

Anguished wails rang out, but the scene of the life source shattering and the divine body being destroyed did not appear.

The Tarot Divine Sword had actually deviated by an inch, cutting off his ear.

The burly man finally broke free from the restraints. He held his head that was spewing divine blood and said in shock and anger, "You actually dare to hurt me? Do you know that if you hurt me, you will become the enemy of the entire Whirling Heaven!"

Jian Wushuang sneered and flicked away the divine blood on the Tarot Divine Sword. "Even if there were ten of you in front of me, I'd still kill you all, let alone the entire Whirling Heaven!"

"Good, good, then I'll let you all be completely buried in this Whirling Heaven!" The burly man's hatred was overflowing. However, in the next moment, he fled hundreds of millions of miles away like a shooting star. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Seeing this, the rest of the criminals also ran away without a care.

Jian Wushuang executed his divine power and killed another 20 Ancestors realm cultivators before he stopped.

Even so, more than 30 bandits still managed to escape.

Zheng Ying floated forward, clearly intending to cut the weeds and eliminate the roots.

Jian Wushuang reached out to pull her and then shook his head. "Don't chase after a cornered enemy. It will be very troublesome if we are attacked on the sea."

An unnatural look flashed across Zheng Ying's face. She shook off Jian Wushuang's hand and returned to the boat.

Jian Wushuang had not expected to let so many bandits go. If it was really as he had guessed, that the so-called hidden sect of the Whirling Heaven was behind these bandits, it was very likely that they would fight back in the following journey.

"Brother Jian, what are we going to do next?" Chun Qiu asked.

Looking at the remaining dozen people on the deck, Jian Wushuang said in a deep voice, "Go full speed ahead. Don't stop."

The ship broke through the water surface and traveled millions of miles in an instant. Even with such a speed, Jian Wushuang could still feel strong auras emerging from the end of the small world when they were about to leave the Whirling Heaven.

The undercurrent surged, and everyone's hearts sank. They had not expected that this revenge would come so quickly.