Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4704  Whirling Patriarch

In the sky where there was no sunlight, streaks of red light appeared and connected with each other, like a dense net that wanted to trap everyone.

"Go ashore!" Jian Wushuang immediately made a decision and took the lead to step into the ground of the Whirling Heaven.

Chun Qiu followed closely behind. A hint of hesitation flashed through Zheng Ying's eyes, but she also followed.

The rest of the people followed the skinny purple-robed man and jumped onto the shore.

The Whirling Heaven was no different from any other Small Heaven. The only difference was that it was filled with blooming lotus flowers. Looking at it, one would feel extremely relaxed and happy.

As Jian Wushuang and the others went ashore, the bandits who had escaped earlier all fell from the clouds.

"I've said that I'll kill you all in this Whirling Heaven. You will never take a step out of this place!" The brawny man, whose ear had been cut off by Jian Wushuang, still had the divine blood on his face. He looked ferocious and a little comical.

"You're trying to rob the Dao like others?" Jian Wushuang took a step forward slowly and his vast Yan power surged, "This time, it's not just your ears that will fall."

The sturdy man smiled cruelly and took half a step back.

A moment later, tens of thousands of seven-colored rainbow shadows appeared in the dusky sky. A lotus platform then broke through the clouds and slowly emerged.

On this lotus platform, there was a fat bald Arhat sitting quietly.

There were thousands of seven-colored rainbow shadows behind him, and the Immortal Qi was vast.

As his aura was so strong, even Jian Wushuang could not help but take a second look.

"Patriarch, it's them. They dared to defile you. As Patriarch's confidant, I've asked you to deal with them because I was angry!" The burly man held his head and pretended to be on the verge of death. "I beg you to seek justice, Patriarch."

However, the bald Arhat sitting on the lotus platform did not seem to hear what the strong man said at all. He looked at Jian Wushuang and the others with a bright light in his eyes.

Jian Wushuang felt a little disgusted. How could he not know the meaning of that look? obviously, the bald Arhat was not a good person either. He had entered the Dao with evil.

"Patriarch, Patriarch?" The sturdy man called out a few times tentatively. A trace of disgust flashed in the bald Arhat's eyes. He directly flicked his sleeve and gave the man a slap. "Get lost!"

The burly man covered his head, where divine blood had been drawn out again, but he did not dare to say anything.

"I'm the Whirling Patriarch of the Whirling Heaven. Why aren't you kneeling before me, Juniors?" the bald Arhat said in a deep voice that resounded through the entire Whirling Heaven.

A supreme might was revealed, and it was rather divine.

Jian Wushuang took a step forward, raised his eyebrows, and chuckled. "I was wondering who it was. It's just the leader of a bunch of pretenders, a Wild Fox Koan, who lives in a remote corner!"

The face of the bald Arhat who called himself 'Whirling Patriarch' stiffened. An unbearable humiliation surged into his heart.

"Foul-mouthed Junior, you actually just called me a Wild Fox Koan?!"

Being repeated again, Chun Qiu and the others could not help but laugh out loud. Even the cold Zheng Ying raised her eyebrows.

Wild Fox Koan was a general term for those who claimed to be the founders of a sect and had entered the evil world after Enlightenment. It was a great insult to those who had achieved Dao.

Jian Wushuang had hit the nail on the head and directly tore apart the bald Arhat's false mask.

Jian Wushuang continued to sneer, "You are a Wild Fox Koan, and you went astray with just a few moves. You even set up a sect and misled your disciples. If you are not a Wild Fox Koan, then why did I cut off one of your disciple's ears?"

As soon as he said that, Chun Qiu and the others burst into laughter.

The bald Arhat was both embarrassed and irritated. He immediately jumped up and gave the sturdy man another heavy slap. "Trash!"

How could the sturdy man withstand this slap? He immediately saw stars and fell straight into the clouds, not knowing what the world was.

After teaching his disciple a lesson, the bald Arhat glared at Jian Wushuang fiercely. "Foul-mouthed Junior, I'll take your life and pull out your fangs one by one!" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

With that, he suddenly waved his arm and a sharp octagonal Eight Trigrams forms cut through the void and slashed at Jian Wushuang with unstoppable force.

He focused his gaze and used the broken Tarot Divine Sword to block in front of him.

Jian Wushuang felt a sense of crisis. He looked forward and saw the octagonal Eight Trigrams suddenly split into two. They easily avoided the Tarot Divine Sword and cut his arm.

The divine blood gushed out. If Jian Wushuang had not escaped in time, his two arms would have been cut off on the spot.

The bald Arhat laughed and hung his head in the clouds. "Now, you will commit suicide in front of me. I will let you die a more comfortable death."

Yan power surged and the bone-deep wounds on his left and right arms healed instantly. Jian Wushuang slowly let out a breath of turbid air.

After becoming a Yan Immortal, the Chaos Overlord Body had also been completely transformed into the Undying Immortal Body. Even if his life source was broken, as long as there was an aura in any part of the universe, he could be completely resurrected.

"Even if you show off your fancy moves, you still can't get rid of your Wild Fox Koan title." Jian Wushuang laughed disdainfully.

The next moment, a grand Heavenly Gate quietly appeared above his head, and billions of rays of light shone out from the Heavenly Gate.

Seeing this, the bald Arhat was stunned at first, then his eyes suddenly opened wide and a bright light burst out.

"You have such a pure aura. If I swallow you, my cultivation realm will be perfect!" The bald Arhat's voice trembled, and his fat body stood up from the lotus platform.

"This is the will of the heavens!" He let out a strange shriek and waved his Kasaya-clad arms. All of a sudden, all of the Yan power in the entire Whirling Heaven gathered towards him.

The wind and clouds changed drastically, and even the ground was lifted up by the strange hurricane.

An eight-armed treasure form with angry eyes appeared behind him, almost occupying the entire Whirling Heaven.

This eight-armed treasure form had two heads, one dark and one bright, one black and one white.

Four pairs of sun-like eyes looked at Jian Wushuang in unison, and a supreme sense of oppression surged.

Everyone felt that the Yan power in their bodies seemed to be suppressed by something, and the flow was slow.

"All of you will become nourishment for my Whirling Heaven. I will remember every single one of you," the bald Arhat said in a drunken manner.

Jian Wushuang furrowed his eyebrows. The Transcendence Heavenly Gate had finally suppressed him.

However, a sudden change occurred. When the giant finger that could poke a hole in the head of the giant Ocean Sky octopus touched the bald Arhat, the eight-armed image form behind him opened its mouth and swallowed all the energy, turning it into nourishment.

"Come, attack me as much as you want. Exhaust all your strength and submit to me." The bald Arhat laughed hideously. As his body moved, the earth-shaking eight-armed iimage form with angry eyes took a heavy step forward, stirring the wind and clouds.

The two black-golden palms descended, and everyone's faces were filled with shock. They all released thick Yan power, ready to resist with all their might.