Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4709  Battle to the Death in Tian City

If the Young Emperor died in the encirclement, the promise between the two of them would no longer be valid. He would also find out and go to find everything hidden behind the fog.

All kinds of thoughts came to Jian Wushuang's mind, but he did not express his opinion.

At this moment, all the top cultivators in the city had fled. In the vast city, it was so quiet that only the sound of breathing could be heard.

Nearly a thousand figures surrounded him from all directions, cautious and murderous.

The interconnected forces formed the strongest cage, enveloping the entire Tian City.

The Young Emperor was extremely calm. He stood where he was and adjusted his luxurious clothes. Then, he tightened the jade belt around his waist and pulled out a slender soft sword.

This was the first time that Jian Wushuang had seen him fight. A unique and cold aura surged.

Then, the Young Emperor held the soft sword upside down and cut off the long hair that reached his waist without any hesitation. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

All the figures took half a step back without a trace, but the cold and deadly gazes were still there.

"I was careless to let you know my whereabouts, but if you want my The silent battle to the death began!

As he swung his sword, the mighty Yan power was like a dragon, life, let's see if you have the qualifications."

The Young Emperor's eyes slowly swept over everyone, and the long hair that had been cut off in his hand fell to the ground.

The silent battle to the death began!

As he swung his sword, the mighty Yan power was like a dragon, charging toward the black-robed man who was the closest to him.

Some of the weaker cultivators were killed by the Sword Intent that Yan power transformed into.

Holding the slender soft sword, the Young Emperor seemed to have entered a no-man's land. As he slashed out with his sword, he also struck out with his palm.

In just a few seconds, dozens of Ancestor-level experts had fallen at his hands.

However, when the 15 Yan Immortals surrounded him, the Young Emperor who had the upper hand was at a disadvantage.

He was at most at the peak of the Yan Immortal stage. How could he block the killing moves of 15 other Yan Immortals?

The finger hit his waist, and the Young Emperor took half a step back. Both sides of his cheeks flushed red.

His luxurious clothes were torn apart, and traces of divine blood seeped out.

At the same time, the 15 Yan Immortals, 15 rays of mighty Yan power, combined into one and shot toward the Young Emperor.

At this moment of life and death, Jian Wushuang made his move. His palm, which contained a surging Sword intent, directly passed him and struck forward!

An extreme bright light flashed past, and the layers of shockwaves prevented even Ancestor-level experts from moving in the center of the explosion.

1 against 15!

Jian Wushuang took a heavy step back and completely offset the combined attack of the 15 Yan Immortals.

The Young Emperor's Lord's eyes widened and he looked at him with an indescribable expression.

"If you don't want to die, then use all your strength to kill your way out of here," Jian Wushuang said in a low voice without turning his head.

The Young Emperor smiled. "Understood."

The 15 Yan Immortals who were also forced back looked at each other and once again rushed forward, using more violent Yan power than before to surround the three.

Jian Wushuang obviously did not want to fight a prolonged battle. In order to cause more widespread destruction at the first moment, he directly released the Ancestral Skill, the Transcendence Heavenly Gate.

The giant finger broke the cage barrier in the sky, like thousands of suns falling.

All the black-robed men felt a strong sense of danger and tried to avoid it.

However, when the Transcendence Heavenly Gate was completely released, hundreds of Ancestor-level cultivators who tried to resist were killed on the spot and turned into dust!

Even the pavilions in Tian City were torn apart by this move.

As the Transcendence Heavenly Gate dissipated, an even more majestic and terrifying Sword Intent poured out, turning into a long river of Sword Intent that pressed forward!

Some Ancestor-level experts died on the spot, and a black-robed Yan Immortal even had half of his divine body cut off.

The Young Emperor stood beside Jian Wushuang. His luxurious clothes fluttered in the wind and he easily seized any Ancestor-level expert who came forward.

Three against thousands, this was impossible and crazy.

Although Ancestor-level experts could not do much damage to Jian Wushuang and the Young Emperor, with them attracting the damage, the 15 Yan Immortals still caused great trouble for them.

After killing the first Yan Immortal, Jian Wushuang released a vast Sword Intent to block them.

At the same time, more than a dozen purple-robed figures approached from afar and instantly charged over.

"Young Emperor, your companion is late." The skinny purple-robed man waved his arm and pushed away the Ancestor-level experts, standing in front of the Young Emperor.

"You're not late. You're just in time," the Young Emperor smiled and said. "Let's go out together!"

After he finished speaking, a thick Yan power rose up and swept in all directions!

Chun Qiu struggled to hold on. He was only at Ancestor-level. If he did not have Jian Wushuang's protection, he would have been crushed into powder.

Unwilling to give up, Chun Qiu reached out and took out the eight-armed pottery that Jian Wushuang had given him.

The eight-armed pottery expanded in the wind in the hands of Chun Qiu. In the blink of an eye, it had grown into an earth-shaking eight-armed Arhat.

"It's done!" Chun Qiu smiled excitedly. Even Jian Wushuang did not dare to underestimate the eight-armed Arhat.

The complete form of the eight-armed Arhat was almost at the same level as the Whirling Patriarch of the Whirling Heaven.

For some reason, it had surpassed the ordinary peak of the Yan Immortal stage and reached a more profound and mysterious realm.

And this eight-armed Arhat had naturally surpassed the peak of the Yan Immortal stage and had reached an unknown level.

Looking at the hideous figure, all the black-robed men subconsciously stopped for a moment.

It was also at this moment that a total of eight black-gold palms smashed down on the ground with unstoppable momentum.

Boom boom boom!

Some of the Yan Immortals did not manage to dodge in time, and their life sources were crushed on the spot. Ancestor-level Immortals even had their bodies and souls destroyed, turning into nutrients that were absorbed by the eight-armed Arhat.

"Brother Jian, let's go!" it'll be too late if we don't leave now! Chun Qiu turned around and shouted.

Jian Wushuang nodded and summoned Extreme Darkness Heavenly Gate to seize the opportunity to escape.

A giant palm formed by thousands of divine weapons descended from the Heavenly Gate and fell to the ground.

The group of Yan Immortals, who already knew of its power, tacitly dispersed and rushed in all directions, blocking the escape route of these people.

The light faded, but there were still thousands of black-robed figures like the deep sea, so oppressive that it was hard to breathe.

One of the black-robed Yan Immortals stepped forward, pointed at the Young Emperor, and said, "Leave him here, and any one of you can leave. I won't stop you."

Chun Qiu looked at Jian Wushuang anxiously. To him, it would be great if he could see his sworn enemy being besieged and killed.

However, before Jian Wushuang could speak, the skinny purple-robed man took a step forward and slowly pulled down the hood on his head, revealing an old face full of scars. "If you want to take the Prince's life, you have to go through me first. Even your Master can't do anything to you, let alone you scumbags."