Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4710  Chen Qing

The black-robed Yan Immortal's eyes focused and his killing intent leaked out, "Old man, you will die today!"

"If you have the guts, then come and take it. Although this old man's power has declined, crushing you is just like crushing a group of smelly bugs."

Before they could say anything else, the remaining 12 Yan Immortals all moved out at this moment. The terrifying Yan power that was enough to control a Heavenly Domain poured out.

Jian Wushuang frowned. With his current strength, he could easily crush three to five ordinary Yan Immortals. However, there were 12 Yan Immortals attacking him at the same time. Unless the three Emperor Lords were summoned, none of them could escape!

However, the three Emperors were his last trump card. In the treacherous Great Yan Domain, Jian Wushuang would not reveal them to anyone unless his life was in danger. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

He was confident that even if he was surrounded by so many Yan Immortals, he could still escape, but the Young Emperor and the others probably could not.

With a single palm strike, an even more vigorous Yan power forced back the hundred Ancestor-level experts in front of him. With Jian Wushuang as the leader, they began to escape through the gates of Tian City!

Chun Qiu also summoned his eight arm's furious eyes at this moment. Every time he waved his hand, several Ancestor-level experts who could not dodge in time would die!

At this moment, the Young Emperor's cold eyes looked like they were about to drip blood, and his pale face was getting redder.

This time, the number of people surrounding him was so high, and their cultivation realms were so high that it was obvious that they were really here to take his life!

A life-and-death battle was inevitable, but his fate seemed to have been determined.

As a dark purple terrifying force rose, the thin black-robed man's purple robe fluttered. When he put his palms together, countless purple radiances linked together and turned into the thinnest and straightest long blade.

An ordinary slash was swung out, but it caused the ground to crack instantly. A pillar of light that shook the sky and earth spewed out, carrying a destructive aura and exploding among the top cultivators.

There was no sound. Even when every top cultivator's body and spirit were destroyed, and no one made a sound. There was only the tragic situation of fighting.

This was a team with a clear goal and strict discipline. Even Jian Wushuang could not imagine who had such great power to organize such a team led by nearly 20 Yan Immortals and over 1000 Ancestor-level experts.

Could it be an Emperor?

There was no answer. At this moment, Jian Wushuang was like an emotionless wandering swordsman. Every time he waved the invisible long sword in his hand, he could easily take the lives of several Ancestor-level experts.

On the other hand, Chun Qiu's strength had skyrocketed after he had eight arms Arhat, and he could barely move around in the As for the Young Emperor, as his face became redder, his strength decreased at a visible rate. If it was not for the thin purple robe, he would have died in the encirclement.

The 12 Yan Immortals surrounded the Young Emperor, clearly aiming to take his life.

Jian Wushuang, who was not far away, subconsciously looked back at the stall in front of him. The mysterious stall-keeper had disappeared without a trace.

He rubbed the Emperor's Bone Armor with his hand and quickly stuffed it into the Boyang Bottle.

At the same time, the tall and thin old man's voice came into his ears from the Boyang Bottle, "Little Friend, what trouble have you encountered again? We can sense a strong killing intent from the outside world."

Hearing this, Jian Wushuang transmitted his voice into the bottle with his divine sense, "I'm fine for the time being. I'm confident that I can leave this place."

When the three Emperors heard this, they responded, and everything returned to silence.

The sky City in Jingchuan Heaven Domain began to collapse on a large scale. Such a terrifying battle had already attracted the law-enforcement officers of the Heaven Domain.

Nearly a hundred strong figures in embroidered robes rushed over from all directions.

The leader, a middle-aged man in the Yan Immortal stage, rushed forward, but he was immediately stopped by more than ten Ancestor-level experts.

One of the Ancestor-level experts faintly flashed a golden seal and said in a low muffled voice, "Idlers, step back."

The middle-aged man's eyes were calm at first, but then without any warning, he was filled with killing intent. A light pillar of Yan power suddenly exploded in front of him, directly crushing the Ancestor=level expert into dust.

"Idlers step back? I've come here today to take your lives!"

As his deep voice fell, hundreds of embroidered robes rushed down from the sky and suddenly joined the battle.

A total of five Yan Immortals, the moment they entered the battle, the pressure on everyone was lifted.

"Young Emperor, I'm late. Please forgive me." The middle-aged man tore through the encirclement with a long sword surrounded by Immortal Qi and came to the Young Emperor.

The Young Emperor smiled sadly. "Good, you're not late. Jing Chuan is so big, but you're the only one who's willing to come and save me."

encirclement.

After sending several Ancestor-level experts flying with a single sword strike, Chen Qing's expression turned grave, "They might have their own difficulties."

Without saying anything more, the Young Emperor looked at Jian Wushuang, who was trying his best to tear a hole in the encirclement.

He, who had been silent all this time, seemed to have made a decision in his heart and did not choose to leave.

The Young Emperor's furrowed brows suddenly became sharp. He looked at the top cultivators who surrounded him like a sea and smiled gloomily. A dark purple flame surged out of his palms.

A Dark Domain spread out with him at the center, quickly and madly devouring every inch of the land.

Countless buildings were turned into dust in this strange domain. At the same time, the other black-robed top cultivators in the domain felt their vision go dark. Their divine bodies seemed to have fallen into a swamp, and their movements became unnatural.

The skinny purple-robed man, who was drenched in divine blood, had a pained look in his eyes when he saw this.

In his own Domain, the Young Emperor seemed to have returned to his original state, and his peak level of the Yan Immortal realm seemed to be still rising.

Jian Wushuang saw it clearly and his eyes narrowed. He could feel that the Young Emperor's cultivation realm seemed to have broken through the shackles and reached an incredible level.

his long hair, which had been cut off to his shoulders, fluttered in the wind, and his luxurious clothes, which were drawn with golden and silver threads, fluttered.

As he pointed out his finger, the space was shattered. The nearest Yan Immortal did not even have time to react before his chest crumpled into a ball. Then, the life source in his body was destroyed.

One-finger kill!

Everyone's eyes widened in disbelief. With just a finger, he was able to kill a Yan Immortal. How terrifying was this?

Chun Qiu turned his face away as he recalled some past events.

In the past, the elder who had been serving him in the Heavenly Court was also crushed like this. His Immortal Source was destroyed along with the Heavenly Court.

As the Young Emperor killed Yan Immortal with one finger, he stared at all the top cultivators in front of him with a cold gaze.