Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

4737 Greed

A brilliant aura burst forth from his body, forcibly squeezing a gap in the battle.

Prince Yu laughed complacently as he watched Prince Jiu and Prince Hua being surrounded by dozens of Yan Immortals. Then, he stepped on the mountain rocks and flew away!

“You want to leave?” Prince Jiu’s eyes were cold. He stretched out his hand and clenched it in the air. Instantly, an unparalleled force distorted the air and blocked Prince Yu’s way.

Almost at the same time, Prince Hua jumped up. His companion blocked the attacks of more than ten Yan Immortals and sent him away.

Yan power turned into a cone and stabbed at Prince Yu’s back. If such a desperate strike hit him, he would definitely be severely injured!

However, at this critical moment, Prince Yu’s figure dimmed for a moment. The arrow-like Yan power passed through his back but did not hurt him at all.

Prince Yu turned around and smiled secretly. Then, a pair of huge crystal wings grew from his back and he flew up into the sky.

“Get lost!” Prince Jiu bellowed in rage. He slammed his palms on the ground and a crimson scroll swept across the peak of the mountain.

All the Yan Immortals felt their vision go dark, and those at the center of the red scroll were eliminated!

The peak of the mountain was now empty. Prince Jiu stood in the middle of the scroll, which was densely covered with complicated patterns. The Yan power around him had also turned into a crystal-like dark red color.

The remaining Prince Hua and more than 10 Yan Immortals all looked at Prince Jiu with unsightly expressions.

Watching helplessly as Prince Yu ran away with the Immortal Peach, Prince Jiu shifted all the hatred in his heart to Prince Hua.

Seeing the undisguised killing intent in Prince Jiu’s eyes, Prince Hua slowly stepped back. “No, Second Brother, you’d better think it through. Without me, you…”

Before he could finish his sentence, Prince Jiu’s Yan power crushed his divine body without any hesitation and eliminated him.

At this point, three Princes had been eliminated.

The only Young Emperor left was still at the edge of the battle. Now that Prince Lin had disappeared, the only one who could pose a threat to Prince Jiu was Prince Yu.

He had also comprehended an Immortal style and Prince Yu was about to take the final step. He did not want to see Prince Yu become stronger than him.

Snatching the Immortal Peach was the first step.

…

In order to avoid unnecessary trouble, he would get rid of all the Yan Immortals from the other Princes’ camps.

Jiaozhou had a vast terrain and was the peak of the Heavenly Realm. However, there was also a celestial mountain and river that were hundreds of millions of feet high. Its peak was adjacent to the Heavenly Court.

Before their eyes, a figure with dark blue wings on its back broke through the layers of flowing clouds formed by dense Yan power and headed straight for the celestial mountain and river.

It was the second day since he had the Immortal Peach. There were still five days left before the seven-day limit. As long as Prince Yu could keep ascending at such a high speed, he would most likely become the last one to seize the Peach.

At that time, he only needed to enter the celestial mountains and rivers to hide. Even if the young master wanted to find him, he would not have much time left.

Thinking of this, he smiled complacently and sped up his body as he rose up into the mountains.

In order to avoid being exposed, Prince Yu moved forward alone. He did not even bring his companions with him.

What he did was to try his best to completely hide himself in the flowing clouds.

Feeling the warm aura in his arms, Prince Yu could not resist the temptation and held the Immortal Peach in his hands again.

It seemed to contain the shackles of fate, and the purest power of derivation was surging, which was extremely attractive.

If Prince Yu did not know that there was a restrictive spell outside the Immortal Peach, he would have swallowed it on the spot.

The more he looked at it, the more he drooled. Prince Yu’s head was getting hot. He had been trapped in the Yan Immortal realm for too long, so long that he had almost forgotten the meaning of his existence.

Five days passed in the blink of an eye, but the variables that could happen were too great. If they missed this chance again, they would have to wait another Hua Year!

He could not wait any longer. He could sense that Prince Jiu was quietly brewing something.

If he was unable to improve, then what awaited him in the future would be a storm.

With this thought in mind, Prince Yu’s hesitant eyes gradually became firm. He raised his head and looked at the celestial mountain that was almost adjacent to the Heavenly Court and was hundreds of millions of feet high. An idea came to his mind.

In the next moment, the Immortal Peach was back in his arms. Then, he gathered a vast amount of Yan power in his arms.

Like a whale sucking in water, the thick Yan power in the entire Heavenly Realm rushed towards him.

Every part of the space began to reflect a magnificent light.

A power that surpassed the level of a Yan Immortal spread out, and at the same time, strands of black hair turned white.

This power should not have belonged to Prince Yu, but he had used it. The only possibility was that he had overused it.

He was drawing from the future Wang Mi realm!

However, there was only madness in Prince Yu’s eyes.

Only a power that surpassed the Yan Immortal realm could shake the holy mountain!

The next moment, Prince Yu moved. He was like an ancient God. Every step he took shook the heavens and the earth. His feet could easily tear apart mountains and rivers. Every breath he took was filled with surging Yan power.

Then, he stopped at the celestial mountain that was hundreds of millions of feet tall and was close to the Heavenly Court. He actually intended to uproot it!

He used his body to destroy the divine peak with an infinite amount of power.

The entire Heavenly Realm began to shake, and the chasms tore the earth apart.

The heavenly river surged and rolled back, and countless Immortal spirits wailed.

A rumbling sound that could reach the core of the earth rumbled and trembled, and countless fine cracks spread from the roots of the mountain.

This hundred-million-feet-tall celestial mountain was actually about to collapse!

Prince Yu, who had transformed into a giant form, had a crazy look in his eyes. He put his shoulder on the mountainside and tried his best to uproot the celestial mountain.

“What’s this kid doing?”

Sitting on the Emperor’s throne in the Heavenly Court, Zhen Wuyang frowned. “Could it be that he has strength but has nowhere to use it?”

When the other hundred Elders saw this, they were also shocked and confused.

They could not imagine why Prince Yu would do that. They could only wait and see.

It was like a contest of strength. Prince Yu hugged the celestial mountain and exerted all his strength.

The feedback from the collapse of the earth’s core indicated that the interior of the celestial mountain was beginning to crack.

Just as Prince Yu was about to be unable to withstand the force, the entire celestial mountain, which was hundreds of millions of feet tall, suddenly broke from the root.

Countless huge rocks fell, causing a series of disasters. The ground caved in and formed deep pits.

The unimaginable weight and height would make even Yan Immortals despair.

But now, it was broken by Prince Yu. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Even Zhen Wuyang was slightly surprised. He actually had such a terrifying power that could cause heavy damage to the Heavenly Realm.

At this moment, Prince Yu’s black hair had become mottled. No one knew why he did this, except for himself.

The restriction on the Immortal Peach was planted by Emperor Zhen Wuyang, and none of the Yan Immortals who participated in the battle could undo it.

However, Prince Yu knew that this Heavenly Realm and the restrictive spell on the Immortal Peach had the same origin.