Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

4741 The Mysterious Stone Bead

With his Chaos Overlord Body, he had become undying and imperishable. Even if the Celestial Source was shattered, if there was a bit of obsession left, it was enough to resurrect him.

This was truly terrifying, as it involved all sorts of complicated layers.

However, Jian Wushuang was sure that his imperishable Immortal body was definitely related to the Super Perfect Life Form.

If he did not have this kind of physique, the previous blow would have been enough to kill him.

His broken chest had completely recovered in a few breaths, but the deadly pain still made Jian Wushuang break out in cold sweat.

He propped himself up from the ground and began to look around.

This was still the Heavenly Realm’s plane, but due to the great battle, the earth at the most central position of the Heavenly Realm had already begun to fall apart.

A series of cracks as thin as a spider’s web separated the rivers and mountains, and the river bed was blocked by broken rocks.

At that moment, Jian Wushuang was in a destroyed mountain stream.

Falling from the sky, he created a hole in the entire divine mountain peak. He did not expect that there would be such a dark space in the peak.

Everything was still reacting to the violent explosions. He looked at the dark red sky. He wanted to rush up to help again, but his divine body was still recovering. He could not even control Yan power right now.

Helplessly, Jian Wushuang could only wait for his divine body to recover and walk along the stream.

The stream that was formed by the dense Yan power had a nourishing effect on the dried up meridians.

The further they went, the more the dim space was gradually filled with a faint blue color.

Jian Wushuang felt uneasy.

At the same time, layers of dark blue light began to cling to the stone walls around him. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

‘Could this be the place where Zhen Wuyang hides his opportunities?’ he thought.

There were nearly 400 Yan Immortals participating in this fight for the Peach, but there was only one Immortal Peach, so it was impossible to split it equally.

Thus, Zhen Wuyang had spread out countless opportunities in the Heavenly Realm for the Yan Immortals to find and comprehend.

From a certain perspective, this was a great fortune for the Yan Immortals who were able to attend the banquet in the Heavenly Court.

He walked forward with curiosity, but not long after, he came to the end of the hidden space.

As far as the eye could see, there was only a stone wall covered with vines.

However, Jian Wushuang was not in a hurry to leave. He continued to move forward and came to the stone wall. He stretched out his hand and pushed away the dense vines.

The stone wall revealed its true appearance. Man-made ravines connected with each other to form complicated and obscure lines.

These dried-up lines seemed to be some kind of restriction, blocking the way forward.

If it was before, Jian Wushuang might have tried to use violence to dismantle it. However, he could not even control Yan power at the moment, let alone use violence.

Somehow, he felt that there was something hidden behind the stone wall that had not been discovered.

After a moment of silence, Jian Wushuang looked at the stone walls on both sides behind him.

With a thought, he turned around and took the blue light that was clinging to the stone wall into his hand.

After a moment’s hesitation, Jian Wushuang pressed his palm, which was wrapped in light, against the stone wall.

In an instant, a magnificent light bloomed.

Wisps of blue light spontaneously poured into the grooves and patterns on the stone wall, quickly surging and filling the patterns.

The entire stone wall began to emit a strange light, filling up the dark space.

Buzz…

With a deep buzz, the restriction on the stone wall started to operate quietly. At the same time, a strong light lit up, which made Jian Wushuang cover his eyes subconsciously.

At the same time, a musty smell with a faint rotten smell entered his nose.

After the strong light dissipated, Jian Wushuang looked forward.

The stone wall had already disappeared, and the small world behind him came into view.

The dark blue beams did not disappear. Instead, they flew freely in the small world in front of them.

Jian Wushuang slowly stepped into it. The green stone slabs on the ground were covered with a layer of dust.

This small world seemed to be a Dao Field opened up by some powerful person.

An ancient aura that had settled over the years hit him in the face.

As soon as he stepped in, a gust of wind blew.

Then, before he could calm down, the thousands of lights in the Dao Field seemed to be excited and all rushed toward Jian Wushuang.

It was like a great river, pouring down in torrents.

Jian Wushuang did not even have time to dodge as the brilliant light wrapped him up.

“What?”

An indescribable suffocation almost made him breathless, but then a surge of Yan power was produced in his meridians.

At the same time, the shackles of his realm seemed to have loosened.

Almost at the same time, the Boyang Bowl on Jian Wushuang’s waist suddenly trembled. Then, a pellet-like thing directly squeezed out of the cork and flew out.

Whizzz…

The pellet-like object was a broken stone bead. Jian Wushuang obtained it when he killed the giant Sea Sky Octopus in the sea area.

The originally dusky surface began to quietly rotate at this moment. It was as if heaven and earth were hidden within it, and the stars were moving.

As soon as the stone bead appeared, the blue light rays that were originally surrounding Jian Wushuang began to fall off and then all rushed towards the stone bead.

Jian Wushuang stood on the spot, panting slightly as he watched the mysterious scene.

In less than ten breaths, all the blue light that filled the entire space had disappeared by the stone bead.

The surroundings sank into extreme darkness, and only the stone bead that was emitting a lustrous light was slowly turning.

It was like a blue planet with a vast and boundless aura.

Soon after, tiny stars silently floated around the stone bead, looking extremely mysterious.

These stars were connected by white threads, forming a small but vast galaxy.

Jian Wushuang looked at the stone bead in shock. The magnificent galaxy was reflected in his clear eyes.

There seemed to be a strange energy that was drawing him closer to the stone bead.

“Could it be that there’s something hidden within this stone bead?” Jian Wushuang was puzzled. He stretched out his right hand and slowly touched the galaxy on the surface of the stone bead.

In an instant, a tiny star turned into a white light and surged into his body.

Buzz…

Like ripples on water, the surface of the stone bead began to ripple.

Jian Wushuang was stunned and then looked at the stone bead in disbelief.

“One, touch the mountains and rivers…”

The star that had burrowed into his body carried an unprecedented power and was reflected back to Jian Wushuang.

In his divine sense, that energy was being nurtured.

He tried to do it again in his divine sense.

With just a finger, a grand and strict galaxy was constructed in his divine sense.

In this constructed galaxy, he became the only master.