4776 Playing Around

Di Qing did not even have the ability to protect himself. Even if he faced some top cultivators, he had no chance of winning.

Therefore, he hated the feeling of having his fate in the hands of others. If Jian Wushuang was defeated, they would all die with him.

Di Qing’s heart, which was originally calm, was a little nervous.

He could barely use ten percent of Yan power, which was indeed a little troublesome for Jian Wushuang. However, with Sword Intent, it was more than enough to deal with Cui Jing.

A Yan power dragon appeared between Cui Jing’s arms. Then, he pushed his fists forward.

There were a total of four dark yellow dragons, and they were hundreds of feet tall. Their mouths were full of sharp teeth, and if one was bitten by them, one would definitely be severely injured.

Seeing this, Chen Qing and the others, who had been confident of winning, became a little nervous. After all, Jian Wushuang was the most seriously injured and had not recovered at all.

Four dragons with thick Blood Qi seemed to have walked out of the Blood Sea and swept forward.

Jian Wushuang moved. He suddenly took half a step back and stretched his True Sword forward. The tip of the sword let out a clear sound.

At the same time, layers of water ripples surged out from the tip of the sword, blocking the Blood Qi that was surging over.

However, this level of Sword Intent was no longer able to stop Cui Jing’s attack.

A few dark yellow dragons tore the ripples apart and opened their mouths full of strange teeth to bite Jian Wushuang.

However, when Jian Wushuang retreated, he did not stop. Instead, he turned around and ran away with his sword in hand. He did not seem to be prepared for a confrontation.

Seeing this scene, everyone’s brows twitched, and their expressions became strange.

Although it was understandable to avoid the sharp edge, it was too inelegant to turn around and run…

Cui Jing was even more excited when he saw this. His originally cautious and serious gaze also began to become disdainful.

It seemed that he had picked the right person to be a pushover.

A total of four dark yellow dragons could not swallow Jian Wushuang and were destroyed after hitting the ground.

Cui Jing stepped forward, an eight-foot stick condensed from Yan power in his right hand, and he swung it forward.

Jian Wushuang, who was running with his sword in hand, started to circle around the pillars.

“You rat, hurry up and fight your Grandpa Cui!” Cui Jing laughed sinisterly as he smashed a hole in the pillar with his rod.

Jian Wushuang did not care about him and did not seem to have any intention of fighting him.

Just like that, the two of them began to chase each other in the ancient hall.

Chen Qing and the others all broke out in cold sweat, and Di Qing was even more nervous. He did not want to die on the spot after the True Life reincarnation.

However, the young guard looked at Jian Wushuang with hatred, as if he wanted him to be captured and killed on the spot.

“Damn you, I hate that I can’t kill you with my own hands now!” the young guard said in a low voice. “When I recover, it will be the day of your death!”

Sitting back on the throne, Lady Sha looked at the farce-like fight with calm eyes without saying a word.

In her right palm was a scepter that was wrapped in a faint Blood Qi.

At the very top of the scepter was a skull.

The skull was lustrous and was constantly soaked in Blood Qi, as if it could grow flesh and blood at any time and come to life.

For a woman like her who had a great killing tribulation, the Karma she had was quite terrifying. Even ordinary Yan Immortals would not be willing to come into contact with her.

Furthermore, the top cultivators under her command were also extremely depraved. They loved to kill innocent living beings and had long been immersed in Karma and great killing tribulations that could not be erased.

The so-called great killing tribulation was a mysterious cause and effect that no one could detect and was almost impossible to eliminate.

When one was burdened with a great killing tribulation, it meant that a crack would appear in one’s heart. This was fatal to Yan Immortals and could not be touched.

Jian Wushuang had noticed this the moment he stepped into the Sand Demon Cave.

Therefore, he was restraining himself and trying his best not to be contaminated by this Karma.

Cui Jing followed closely behind, eager to win.

From time to time, Jian Wushuang would turn around and exchange a few blows. Then, he would continue to wander around, provoking Cui Jing’s anger bit by bit.

“Rat, when I catch you, I’ll definitely drown you in a sea of blood.” He was furious. Although he had adjusted his Yan power to its peak, it was like hitting cotton, and he had no way to start.

Jian Wushuang did not listen to the noise at all. When Cui Jing ran over with the eight-foot stick in his hand, he suddenly raised his sword and struck backward, directly leaving a long mark on the clothes in front of his chest.

Although Cui Jing was prepared, he did not manage to dodge in time and was almost injured by the True Sword.

He broke out in a cold sweat and became even angrier. He released Yan power and smashed it at Jian Wushuang.

The entire ancient hall trembled, and a huge pillar was shattered by Cui Jing.

Jian Wushuang’s body flashed and he finally attacked him in an extremely subtle way.

The True Sword in his hand hummed and gave off thousands of Sword Intents as it slashed out.

In fact, the fundamental reason why Jian Wushuang had not made a move was to be careful not to be infected with the inexplicable Karma. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Although the great killing tribulation on Cui Jing was much less than the other top cultivators in the Sand Demon Cave, it was still strong.

Once infected by the great killing tribulation, unless there was an unparalleled magical power to resolve it, it would only get worse.

Jian Wushuang was at his weakest at the moment. If he took a wrong step, it would be difficult to turn around.

Now that he had no way to avoid it, he directly attacked.

3,000 Sword Intents swept out and slashed at Cui Jing with great momentum.

Cui Jing saw this and smiled disdainfully. He stretched out his hand and formed a defensive barrier to block it. At the same time, he pressed on Jian Wushuang without losing any momentum.

He stood on the spot, his black robe fluttering without any wind, his expression calm.

Soon, Cui Jing, who was running over, felt a sense of panic for no reason.

He could vaguely sense that something was wrong.

As if to confirm the thoughts in his heart, 3,000 Sword Intents swept out in an instant. They seemed to be vulnerable, but they easily tore through Cui Jing’s Yan power barrier and then slashed down!

He was horrified and protected his head without thinking.

Dust swirled up in the hall, and the top cultivators standing on both sides were all shocked.

This level of Sword Intent was so pure that it did not contain any derivative force, but it had an invulnerable momentum. They felt that no one could resist this sword move.

The Sword Intent surged and completely wrapped around Cui Jing.

At this moment, Di Qing looked at Jian Wushuang with a meaningful look.

Sitting on the throne, Lady Sha also raised her eyebrows and looked at him.

The 3,000 Sword Intents came and left quickly. Everything happened in the blink of an eye.

When the Sword Intent completely dissipated, a ragged figure appeared.

These 3,000 Sword Intents had completely exposed Cui Jing.

He was unscathed, but his clothes were torn to barely cover his body.

This was a great humiliation that he could not bear. It was something that he, the Great Commander of the Sand Demon Cave, could not bear.

In this Sand Demon Cave, reputation was far more important than life. Moreover, he was a Commander who thought he had a reputation.