Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

4777 The Bitter Lotus Dao

Cui Jing was furious. He growled and flew toward Jian Wushuang again.

This time, he did not dodge and fought with his sword.

Jian Wushuang, who had already mastered his Sword Intent, was confident that as long as Cui Jing did not purposely seek death, he would not be hurt at all.

The more they fought, the more shocked Cui Jing became. Although he was eager to win, he was not a reckless person. How could he not notice that Jian Wushuang, who was fighting with him, did not use Yan power at all? He was only relying on a True Sword to fight back and forth.

What kind of strength did he have to be able to do this?

The True Sword stabbed continuously, forcing Cui Jing to retreat step by step. At the same time, Jian Wushuang suddenly bent over, changed the sword hilt, and suddenly whipped the body of the True Sword on Cui Jing’s body.

There was a sharp pain in his stomach, and then Cui Jing’s whole body flew out and fell heavily on the ground.

All of a sudden, under the transparent material of the ground, thousands of evil spirits broke free from the Blood Sea. They all clung to the transparent stone slab while screaming, as if waiting for food.

Jian Wushuang frowned and took half a step back.

Cui Jing clutched his chest and sat up from the ground. He looked at him with a complicated expression.

He understood that the seemingly evenly matched situation was just an illusion. Jian Wushuang had not even used his full strength from the beginning to the end.

He lost just like that. It was inexplicable, but it also seemed to be destined.

The hall was deathly silent, and at this moment, a change quietly occurred.

With Jian Wushuang as the center, the ground suddenly cracked and the fine cracks directly spread to more than half of the hall. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Then, it collapsed.

The speed of the collapse was so fast that no one could react. Jian Wushuang, Chen Qing, and the others fell into the Blood Sea along with the gravel.

Countless evil spirits cheered, as if they were having a feast, they climbed onto their bodies and dragged them into the Blood Sea.

Looking at the collapsed ground in front of him, Cui Jing subconsciously looked back.

He did not know when, but Lady Sha was already behind him. Holding the skull scepter, she looked at the churning Blood Sea under the pit calmly.

“B-Big Sister, are they okay?” Cui Jing swallowed and said.

She did not say anything. After a moment, she slowly turned around. “Drag them up in the time it takes for half an incense stick to burn and settle them in the walled city.”

Cui Jing nodded. Although he did not know what she was up to, he did as she ordered.

The time for half an incense stick to burn was not long, but it was still quite long considering the situation.

Cui Jing observed the movements in the Blood Sea, in case he needed to pull Jian Wushuang and the others up in an emergency.

At that moment, the boundless Blood Sea churned and the extremely dense blood Qi transformed into ghosts. Like fish snatching food, they suppressed Jian Wushuang and the others who had fallen into the Blood Sea.

The Karma and killing tribulations that he had tried his best to avoid all swarmed towards him.

As far as the eye could see, it was an extremely thick blood-red color. Jian Wushuang and the other four were helpless against it and could only helplessly float in the Blood Sea.

If their strength had not been damaged, these resentful and evil thoughts would not have been able to erode any of them.

But now, even Di Qing was helpless. His True Life had been reincarnated, and his current strength was not even as strong as Chun Qiu.

A giant monster formed by evil thoughts reached out its hand from the depths of the Blood Sea and dragged them to the bottom of the sea bit by bit.

The Blood Sea also gradually calmed down from its initial boiling.

After half an incense’s time, Cui Jing jumped on the sea of blood alone. Looking at the scene in front of him, which was like a deep abyss, he waved his hand.

Instantly, a chasm was formed in the Blood Sea.

The ugly giant monster formed by countless evil thoughts and evil spirits emerged from the natural chasm.

The palm, which was more than 100 feet in size, slowly opened, and the unconscious Jian Wushuang and the others appeared in front of Cui Jing.

“Just where did these guys come from? Although they all look incomparably weak, why do they have such a soul-stirring aura?” Cui Jing frowned. The confrontation with Jian Wushuang not long ago had obviously left a deep impression on him.

“Don’t tell me they’re also cultivators from another Heavenly Region? Or are they like those baldies, visitors from the sky?”

Cui Jing waved his hand and took Jian Wushuang and the others from the giant malicious spirit’s palm. After examining them carefully and finding no useful information, he carried them and left.

The entire boundless Blood Sea returned to its miserable state.

…

Blood red, a blood red that was enough to corrode the heart spread over, soaking everything.

This negative influence, which was filled with evil thoughts, despair, silence, and hatred, would even affect a Yan immortal if he was not careful. From there, he would be affected by the inexplicable Karma, and a great killing tribulation.

Jian Wushuang suddenly sat up from the ground in shock, cold sweat dripping from his temple.

As far as the eye could see, the Blood Sea was no longer there, only a quiet and cold bluestone road.

“Wasn’t I still in the Blood Sea just now? Why am I now… Could it be an illusion?”

After checking the fusion of his Yan power with the outside world, Jian Wushuang was sure that this was not an illusion.

He slowly got up and stood on the bluestone road that could only fit two people walking side by side. He looked around.

The hazy sky was suffused with a kind of hazy green smoke after the rain.

On both sides of the bluestone road, there was a deep water body where lotus buds had just emerged.

Looking into the distance, the hazy distance was connected to the deep water, giving off an indescribable sense of illusion and bitterness.

Jian Wushuang stood in the middle of the bluestone road. In front of him and behind him, there was an unknown leading to an unknown place.

Everything here was silent to the extreme, like a painting, full of unreality.

However, his expression was still calm. After thinking for a moment, he took a step forward and slowly moved forward.

A long wind started to blow, blowing the lotus leaves that covered the deep water on both sides.

At this time of the year, the lotus had not bloomed yet, and the huge lotus bud was almost submerged in the water.

Jian Wushuang walked among them slowly, feeling an indescribable strangeness.

He was certain that this was the strangest place he had ever been to since he started cultivating.

This kind of strangeness was not the kind of horror when facing a life and death situation, not the kind of powerlessness when facing an enemy that he could not contend with, and not the fear of the unknown.

Instead, it was a strange and uncomfortable feeling that was caused by a subtle difference that was different from what he knew.

It was like a nightmare from a long time ago, or a muddled mumble from a serious illness.

This kind of place should not really exist. Or rather, this kind of place was created by one’s mind.

Jian Wushuang remained calm. Although he had already understood a little, he still walked forward slowly like before.

Under this strange and hazy sky, there was only one bluestone road that extended into the distance.

On the deep and cold water, it was extremely desolate and lonely.