Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

4781 A Myriad of Changes in an Instant

Monk Jiang Qing, who had used the power of non-phase to severely injure hundreds of top cultivators, didn’t seem like a monk at all. His fiery temper was not weaker than those irritable top cultivators of the Sand Demon Cave.

As he waved the Buddhist staff in his hand, each strike would severely injure several top cultivators.

“Senior Brother, you can’t kill too many people.” The clean-faced monk waved his palm and defeated several top cultivators who were rushing forward. He looked at Jiang Qing and anxiously reminded him.

“Don’t you worry about it. I’m not afraid of this kind of killing Karma. As long as these evil beasts are not exterminated, I will not be at ease!” Jiang Qing said in a deep voice, waving the scepter in his hand even more vigorously.

The clean-faced monk shook his head helplessly. This Senior Brother of his even dared to disobey Eldest Senior Brother’s words, so how could he listen to him?

The battle was in a state of white heat.

The lives of the Ancestor-level cultivators became the most worthless existences. Countless broken treasures and True Swords fell into the cracked ground with their Masters.

This place had become their common burial ground.

A brutal war always resonated. Even though he was a Yan Immortal, in the face of nearly 20 to 30 thousand top cultivators, he could not do much.

Cui Jing’s blood boiled as he saw this. He reached out to tighten his belt, then flew forward with his eight-foot rod.

Cui Jing, who was only an Ancestor-level cultivator, was able to fight with ordinary Yan Xian with the support of the Blood Qi in the Sand Demon Cave.

“Don’t you think that guy’s brain doesn’t work well? He’s so silly,” Chen Qing commented as he looked at Cui Jing’s back.

Chun Qiu touched his chin and said, “He doesn’t look very smart. He’s probably used to running amuck in this evil land and needs to be beaten up.”

Jian Wushuang remained silent and observed the situation quietly.

At the same time, he had a premonition that even though the top cultivators in the Sand Demon Cave looked extremely ferocious, they would definitely not be able to defend the Sand Demon Cave. It was only a matter of time before the city was destroyed.

At that time, he might be able to find an opportunity to get close to those monks.

Although the Karma and the great killing tribulation that he carried on his back seemed fine and might never be triggered, they were like backstabs that Jian Wushuang would definitely try his best to pull out.

If these monks could not do anything about it, he could only wait until he recovered his strength and then work with Di Qing to wipe out the entire Heavenly Region.

Jian Wushuang had never been an overly kind person. From his humble beginning to his Ascension to the level of Cosmos God and then to the Great Yan Domain, he had always been using principles as a standard.

There was a Heavenly Region that harmed him, and this was the cause. Since there was a cause, there would be an end. It was not impossible for them to be destroyed. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Monk Jiang Qing cast a series of hand seals, forcing back the top cultivators that kept appearing in front of him.

The ten monks who were all Yan Immortals were already showing signs of influencing the battle.

However, one of the ten monks did not make a move. To be more precise, he did not participate in the battle.

He was like an ascetic monk who had experienced the vicissitudes of life. He slowly walked forward as if he was aloof from the world.

Occasionally, there would be top cultivators who tried to attack him, but they would be forced back by the clear light that enveloped his body.

The 10 Yan Immortal monks would definitely be able to crush the Sand Demon Cave, which had almost no Yan Immortals.

The originally arrogant and crazy top cultivators of the Sand Demon Cave were retreating step by step. Their numbers had been reduced by more than half from the initial 20,000.

If it was not for the Killing Intent Domain, the casualties would have been even more serious.

Jiang Qing was like a raging bull. As soon as Cui Jing joined the battle, he locked onto him and started to fight with his black iron staff.

In just ten breaths of time, Cui Jing was on the losing end. He groaned in his heart, and the web between his thumb and index finger, which was holding the eight-foot stick, was a little cracked.

“What an evil creature, Grandpa will send you to your death today!”

With a deep shout, Jiang Qing changed his position and carried the black iron staff on his shoulder. Then, he struck Cui Jing’s stomach with a meteor strike.

At this moment, he only felt his vision go dark. The eight-foot staff bent to a strange degree, and his whole body was like a cannonball that was shot out of the chamber, flying back heavily.

Boom boom boom!

Jian Wushuang felt the city wall under him shake suddenly, and then there was a slight collapse sound.

Cui Jing’s entire body was completely embedded several meters deep into the city wall, almost blasting a big hole in the city wall.

“Ah… Bald donkey, I’m not done with you.” Cui Jing pulled himself out of the hole in the wall with great difficulty, his bones all broken.

Just as the top cultivators of the sect led by Jiang Qing were unstoppable, a unique aura descended on the battlefield.

The sandstorm raged and the sky was in chaos.

From the broken ground, a giant sand statue that was 10,000 feet tall quietly rose.

Then, facing the army of top cultivators led by Jiang Qing, two huge palms came down fiercely.

Jiang Qing suddenly raised his head. He was shocked and raised his staff to block the attack.

However, the force was beyond his imagination, and it directly sent over a hundred top cultivators, including him, flying.

For a time, the disadvantageous situation was contained.

Jiang Qing, who had been sent flying backward for a few thousand feet, stopped in the air, and a stream of divine blood flowed out of the corner of his mouth.

The aura was so powerful that it was strenuous for him to resist it with all his might.

At this moment, all the top cultivators’ eyes were focused on the giant sand statue.

Every top cultivator in the Sand Demon Cave had a fanatical expression in their eyes.

On the forehead of the wild sand colossus sat a tall woman with a beautiful figure that was faintly visible under the cloak.

Her expression was cold. With a wave of her hand, she controlled the wild sand colossus beneath her to kill more than ten top cultivators.

Jian Wushuang, who was watching this scene from afar, could not help but narrow his eyes.

This Lady Sha, who had also not transcended the Yan Immortal realm, was displaying her power at this moment, giving him a sense of transcendence.

If the previous Lady Sha was at most at the peak of the Yan Immortal stage like Chen Qing, then the current her seemed to have taken that step.

However, the next scene was even more shocking.

The wild sand giant waved its huge palm and suppressed all its enemies. However, the next moment, a 10,000-foot-wide wheel of light that could not be ignored appeared.

A pair of skinny hands that were emitting millions of rays of light pressed down on the palms of the wild sand colossus.

The two collided, and endless sand and dust fell.

On the emaciated palm that was put together, every fine crack was easily visible, and it exuded a terrifying aura.

Jian Wushuang saw it clearly. Such a grand move was released by the old monk with a beard who had not made a move since the beginning of the chaotic battle.

The black ring bead on his neck started to emit a strange light.