Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

4787 Under the Abyss

As he fell into the Blood Sea, Jian Wushuang felt countless terrible hands full of negative emotions pulling him into the abyss.

This Blood Sea had no buoyancy at all, and even a feather could not float on it.

Jian Wushuang was like a stone statue that weighed a million pounds, falling down.

At the same time, there were countless ugly blood monsters that followed his tracks and ate him.

The blood monsters in the Blood Sea were all pieced together by the vengeful souls of the dead cultivators. They had no self-consciousness and only had an insatiable intake of divine souls.

Jian Wushuang, who was falling into the abyss of the Blood Sea, naturally noticed this situation. In order to avoid alerting Lady Sha, he directly opened the stopper of the Boyang Bottle.

Suddenly, the treasure light bloomed, and countless blood monsters were directly swallowed into the Boyang Bottle by the terrible suction.

A moment later, the three Emperor’s voice rang out from the Boyang Bottle.

“Damn, what kind of dirty things are these? Little Friend, what kind of garbage have you brought in?!”

Jian Wushuang was embarrassed. He used his deified soul to tell the three Emperors what was happening.

“So that’s how it is. In that case, the three of us will be responsible for your aftermath.”

“Many thanks. I will definitely thank you in the future.”

“No need to thank me. Just take us to kill that old man, Zhen Wuyang, in the future.”

“…”

With the backing of the three Emperors and the Boyang Bottle, the dangers that would have taken a lot of effort were easily solved.

After the blood monster was no longer a problem, Jian Wushuang controlled his body to avoid the undercurrents and squalls while looking for traces of Monk Konglun.

Just as he was fully focused, an island giant the size of a small mountain quietly emerged above his head.

Feeling the heavy pressure, Jian Wushuang looked up subconsciously.

The next moment, a short arm that was like a giant pillar stirred the Blood Sea and smashed down.

He was shocked. Almost without thinking, he directly condensed an Invisible Sword and stabbed it forward.

Each Sword Intent was like a slender willow leaf, and they all condensed into the shape of a waterfall. They swept up and went straight to the figure of the huge island giant.

Then, a low wail like a whale’s cry rang out in the Blood Sea.

The entire Blood Sea was like boiling water, restless and then silent.

After the Sword Intent that Jian Wushuang released completely dissipated, the giant was already somewhat shattered.

It was no longer alive, and it just floated in the sea of blood, motionless.

This giant looked like it was made of countless huge rocks and looked extremely ugly.

At the same time, Jian Wushuang did not expect it to be so fragile.

To be able to kill him with just 3,000 Sword Intents, his weakness was obvious.

Just as Jian Wushuang was about to leave and continue his search, he vaguely noticed that there was a thick and long iron chain beside the giant.

He seemed to have sensed something and directly flew to the side of the giant. Only then did he clearly see that a chain several times thicker than his waist was tied to the giant’s body. As for the other end, it extended into the endless darkness.

“Perhaps, this chain is related to where Monk Konglun is.”

Jian Wushuang no longer searched like a headless fly. Instead, he followed the chain and walked into the darkness.

The deeper he went into this dark abyss, the more he saw hundreds of abandoned chains of different sizes floating under the abyss. It was an indescribable ancient sight.

“Don’t tell me that Monk Konglun isn’t the only one trapped here?” Jian Wushuang was puzzled as he continued to move forward.

The time between advancing and falling seemed to be endless. This Blood Sea was so deep that he had the illusion that it had no bottom.

At the same time, the chain under his feet began to thin. It was originally as thick as two people hugging each other, but now it was as thick as a thigh. This could be some kind of sign.

The situation in the dark abyss was very bad. Even with Jian Wushuang’s strength, he could barely see a thousand meters ahead, which made him even more vigilant.

After an unknown amount of time, an extremely weak light that could not be seen if one did not look carefully was imprinted in Jian Wushuang’s eyes. His heart could not help but beat wildly.

Jian Wushuang quickly looked over and saw a skeleton-like figure that was as tough as an old tree among the piles of withered bones.

He just sat there, his four limbs, waist, and neck bound by six dark chains. At the same time, he was enduring the nibbling of countless tiny blood monsters.

Seeing this, Jian Wushuang’s eyes turned cold and he was about to wave his hand to disperse the blood monsters.

However, at this moment, five island-like giant creatures seemed to smell his aura and swam over from all directions of the Blood Sea. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Each of the five giants corresponded to five thick chains.

Jian Wushuang did not care about anything else. He drew his sword and released a brilliant move in the abyss of the Blood Sea.

Wushuang Sword Dao, Star River Lake Sea Sword Intent, second move.

River.

The condensation of 100,000 Sword Intents was unimaginable and impossible to face directly.

It was like a Heavenly River sweeping across, with great momentum, surging forward.

The five pitiful giants were crushed into pieces by the terrifying Sword Intents before they could even open their bloody mouths to swallow.

At the same time, the chain also broke into pieces, turning into a cloud of iron fragments and scattering.

In the darkness, the skeleton-like figure slowly opened his eyes.

His eyes were no longer clear, completely replaced by a deep black.

This skinny figure was Monk Konglun, who had been trapped in the blood pool after his Inner Demon was summoned.

“Kindness,” he said this word in an aged voice.

“Immortal Master, can you see me?” someone asked.

Monk Konglun slowly shook his head, “My dirty eyes can’t look straight at a good person, but my ears can sense where they are.”

At that moment, Jian Wushuang had hidden himself to prevent Monk Konglun from suffering the pain of seeing all living beings.

“May I know why you have come here to see me?” Konglun said.

The words were at the tip of his tongue, but he did not know how to continue. “Well, Immortal Master, do you know how to get rid of Karma that has been tainted for no reason?”

After a moment of silence, Konglun opened his mouth, “Virtuous man, how can there be Karma in this world without reason?”

“In the unseen world, all things have their own destinies. When they will appear, and in what form they will appear, they are all already destined. Even if you think that they have been contaminated for no reason, they actually already have a cause.”