Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

4797 The Three Heavenly Court Warriors

Cheng Qing added, “If this is really a heavenly city of the past, then it’s really rare to see it so well preserved.”

After he finished speaking, he gave Jian Wushuang a secret smile.

For them to be able to find this hidden Heavenly Court of the past, it was a supreme fortune and a great opportunity.

Even though this place had become a dead zone and was already broken, it was still an unimaginable opportunity to find even a trace of the Emperor’s Enlightenment here!

After becoming a Yan Immortal, time and time became the most meaningless existence. Naturally, every step of cultivation after that was unimaginable and unknown.

The cultivation above the Yan Immortal stage was no longer one to two, but to create a new Dao from nothing. The difficulty could be imagined.

And the opportunity to comprehend from the Yan Immortal to the Grand Yan Immortal was to comprehend the Immortal form. Once one comprehended the Immortal form, it meant that the advancement to the Grand Yan Immortal was no longer unknown.

However, 99 percent of Yan Immortals were stuck at this step of understanding the Immortal form, unable to take another step.

Precisely because the path of advancement was so difficult, even Yan Immortals were keen on searching for some mysterious caves, trying to find the secret treasures left behind by supreme beings.

Right now, the aura that could possibly be hidden in the former Heavenly Court was something that even Grand Yan Immortal could not resist!

Di Qing, who was standing at the back of the group, had a drooling look in his eyes, but he soon returned to his normal expression and did not move.

Jian Wushuang was moved. If there was still some kind of fate energy left in the Heavenly Court, it would be a great fortune for them.

Looking at the ancient solitary Heavenly Court, which had stopped above the abyss of the earth, Jian Wushuang gave a few instructions and then stepped on the broken earth and walked forward.

Cheng Qing and the rest followed behind. Although this place had already become the burial ground of Immortals, they still maintained their vigilance.

If there was a terrifying danger in the dark, it would really be fatal for them, who were already at the end of their strength.

Stepping on the suspended stones under his feet, he moved forward, and a cold chill blew out of the bottomless abyss.

The Yan power here was so thin that it was almost impossible to comprehend and absorb. This meant that Jian Wushuang and the others would not be able to get any benefits here.

Everything was so silent that he could hear the sound of breathing. Jian Wushuang carefully moved forward on the abyss. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

At the next moment, as if he had touched something unknown, an extremely majestic aura suddenly rose from the abyss under his feet.

Jian Wushuang was the first to react. He shook his arms and Yan power smashed down.

The two forces clashed and created a hurricane that shook the heavens and earth.

Cheng Qing and the others had also anticipated this. They stepped into the air at the same time and avoided the sweeping hurricane.

The gravel that covered the entire abyss was swept away, and the hurricane did not dissipate for a long time.

Jian Wushuang’s expression was grave as he looked down at the abyss.

Crack, crack…

The sounds of bones cracking that made people’s teeth ache as if they didn’t have a lubricant came out from the abyss.

In the next moment, three streaks of light shot out of the dark abyss and into the sky.

“Trespassers of the Heavenly Court shall die!”

The sound of the bell was like rolling thunder that resounded in all directions!

When the long rainbow light faded away, Jian Wushuang saw three white bones holding True Swords.

The three white bones were surrounded by a strange seven-colored light. Their clothes were in tatters, and even the swords in their hands were broken. They were full of desolation and loneliness.

However, no one dared to underestimate them. Even though they had been dead for countless years, the aura that belonged to the Grand Yan Immortal could not be erased by time.

Three white bones, three Grand Yan Immortals.

Even though they had turned into white bones, their obsession made them continue to guard the Heavenly Court, preventing anyone from approaching.

Their Immortal bodies were not completely devoid of flesh and blood. They all had a pair of lustrous eyes that radiated divine might.

“Trespassers of the Heavenly Court shall die!”

They repeated their words and pointed their broken swords at Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang did not retreat. They had come to the broken Heavenly Court by accident to find a great opportunity. It would be a great regret if they retreated now.

Opportunity and danger coexisted, so he did not want to back out.

It was the same for the others. Finding an old Heavenly Court was something they did not even dare to imagine. If they didn’t go and investigate, no one would be willing to accept it.

However, no one had the confidence to face these three Grand Yan Immortals.

For a moment, Chen Qing and the others all looked at Jian Wushuang.

“What should we do, Brother Jian? Should we charge in?” Cheng Qing’s voice was heard.

Jian Wushuang did not say anything. In the next moment, before anyone could react, he jumped up and formed an Invisible Sword in his hand. Then, he slashed at the three Immortal bones.

The space was shattering as the powerful sword slashed down without any resistance.

The Immortal bone guard at the front tried to block with the broken True Sword in his hand.

However, under this strike, its true sword, which was already in tatters, was completely shattered!

The Invisible Sword broke the true sword and landed on the Immortal bone guard’s shoulder.

The sword move that had always been successful did not even leave a trace.

The Immortal bone guard raised his hand and sent Jian Wushuang flying.

“All intruders are to be killed!”

They took a step back at the same time and raised the real swords in their hands high up. They surged with the power of Yan power and instantly condensed into a grand sword array. It rose from the sky and pressed forward!

Each of the 36,000 Sword Intents formed mountains and seas, and the ocean raged.

Chen Qing and the others were stunned. They hurriedly released Yan power to resist, but Jian Wushuang said, “Don’t move, don’t release Yan power!”

Although Chun Qiu did not understand, he immediately dispersed his Yan energy and stood still.

Chen Qing was shocked when he heard that. Yan power, who was about to leave his hand, was moving restlessly. He did not understand what Jian Wushuang meant, but he gritted his teeth and suppressed Yan power.

Cui Jing, who was the weakest among them, had yet to understand what was going on. Yan power almost slipped out of his hands, and it was immediately extinguished by Chen Qing…

Di Qing’s eyes turned serious. If he did not resist the mighty Sword Intent, he would definitely die.

In this way, he would have to lose one of his eight True Lives.

He was hesitating whether to make a move or not.

The 36,000 Sword Intents descended from the sky like an extremely bright light that swallowed everyone.

At the last moment, Di Qing finally gave up on releasing Yan power force to resist.

In the face of the mighty Sword Intents, his hand that was submissively covered had already clenched into a fist.