Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 482: The Impact of the Sword Essence

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

A half day had passed while the experts waited impatiently.

The hole in the mountain where the Heart-killing Sword was placed finally began shaking.

“It’s beginning!”

All the experts concentrated on the hole.

Buzz... the shrill echo of a sword resounded throughout the area as a red light covered the sky above the hole.

At the center of the light, a matchless magic weapon was slowly rising into the air.

Everyone at the scene held their breath while staring at the rising weapon with intent.

The Heart-killing Sword, the Sword Ancestor’s weapon as well as the number one magic weapon in Sword Principle!

“Is this the Heart-killing Sword?”?Jian Wushuang stared at the floating longsword in the red light, his eyes filled with amazement.

The sword was completely red and radiated a chilling light. Even at first glance, people could tell it was a world-shaking Sword of Killing.

However, that was not what startled Jian Wushuang. Instead, it was because the sword was so similar to his Triple-kill Sword.

Although it was different in color and size, the two swords were the same in every other way, including the hilt and the mysterious crack on its blade.

“The number one magic weapon in Sword Principle!”

The experts called out in admiration, and their eyes were burning with greed.

Every expert in Sword Principle had a great desire to possess this sword, but none of them had been able to in the past thousand years since Sword Ancestor’s death because the sword was too powerful to control.

Suddenly, the floating sword quivered and another piercing sound echoed, seeming to reach the heavens. A formidable Sword Essence was unleashed, so overwhelming that wherever it passe, the sky became dark and the void began to ripple.

The whole world seemed to be filled with a thrilling atmosphere.

“Here it comes.”

As the experts gazed at the Sword Essence that was rushing towards them at a visible speed, their eyes narrowed and they prepared themselves.

Nonetheless, they looked pale after the Sword Essence swept over them, and some of them even lost their senses.

Very few could face the impact with ease.

“Now I finally understood what you meant.” Tianming Lord cast Hunjian Lord an eye. He looked terrible.

Though his Sword Soul Phantom had appeared, he could barely block the Sword Essence with its power.

The lords struggled to march forward, but the closer they moved towards the Heart-killing Sword, the more they were impacted. They completely believed that the Sword Essence around the secret chambers had to be unbearably powerful.

Among the experts, quite a few could still move to the chambers under the impact.

“Right now it’s just the Sword Essence erupting. Soon, there will be thousands of swords saluting the Heart-killing Sword. Before that happens, we need to get as near to the sword as we can so that we get the most out of this opportunity,” Hunjian Lord said in a low voice.

“Let’s go!” Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

With a shout, the lord managed to march one step forward.

Not just him, the other experts also tried their best to get closer to the Heart-killing Sword. However, as the strength of the Sword Essence increased, their path forward became even harder.

Swish!

A Flowing Light shot across the sky at amazing speed and approached the foot of the mountain in an instant as if he was not affected by the Sword Essence at all. He picked a chamber and walked in.

The experts were not surprised to see this because the flowing light was no other than Su Ming.

As one of the Nine Sovereigns, Su Ming was called Sword Demon and had reached great heights in Sword Principle. It was believed that he was only second to Sword Ancestor at his peak, so it was easy for him to bear the impact from the Sword Essence.

On the contrary, the others were in the middle of a difficult struggle.

For example, when Jian Wushuang first experienced the impact he could barely take it. That is, until he released his two Sword Soul Phantoms to help him.

Jian Wushuang moved firmly, step by step. Though the impact slowly grew more powerful, he managed to make it to the mountain quickly enough with the help of his Double Sword Souls.

“Not bad.” Suddenly, he heard a soft voice from beside him.

He followed the voice and saw his father, Jian Nantian, staring at him in front of a chamber.

Jian Wushuang shrugged before walking into one of the chambers.

He had accomplished something that many other experts wanted to do as well.

Being closer to the Heart-killing Sword meant the chambers would provide the best benefits. However, only a dozen people made their way to the chambers despite everyone who was struggling hard, and those who succeeded were real geniuses in Sword Principle.

As for Hunjian Lord and Tianming Lord, they had gained a lot in Sword Principle, but they were still too weak to make it to the chambers.

“Looks like we have to stop here.”

Hunjian Lord’s face turned red. He was unwilling to give up, but he couldn’t move forward even one more step, let alone crossing the 30 meters that separated him and the chambers.

He was exhausted and at his limit.

“Swordsman was able to enter a chamber. I really envy him.” Hunjian Lord looked towards the chambers with an envious expression.

He was not the only one to have such a feeling. Those who failed to approach the chamber all felt the same.

After all, only inside one of the chambers could they experience the thousand sword salute in the most profound way.

Under the red colored patch of sky, a matchless Sword Qi was being released from the blade of the Heart-killing Sword, which was still surging with an overbearing Sword Essence.

At this moment, Jian Wushuang, Jian Nantian, and Su Ming, as well as the others in the chambers and those who were not, all raised their head.