Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 486: The Heart-Killing Sword Submits of Its Own Accord

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

It was a magnificent spectacle in the Sword-suppression Valley, where thousands upon thousands of swords cried in unison and shook the heavens.

Upon witnessing this scene, all the Sword Principle experts in the valley were astounded.

The present scene was, in fact, a few shades greater than the previous one in which the sword caused a thousand sword salute.

And right at this moment... Buzz! A shrilling sword echo abruptly sounded with extreme resonance.

As it sounded, it easily drowned out all other noises in the valley.

At the same time, the thousands of weapons which encircled the Soul Phantom and had just been crying in unison quickly died down and became silent.

Within the entire valley, the only remaining noise was the resonant sword echo.

“What?”

Standing among the crowd with his hands on his back, Su Ming, who always had a clear and handsome look, suddenly shifted countenance.

Horror, too, appeared on the faces of every Sword Principle expert as they turned their eyes toward the source of the sword echo.

Astonishingly, the sword echo had originated from the deep pit in the mountain.

And within that deep pit was only one weapon, which was none other than... the Heart-killing Sword!

Swish!

A beam of bloody light shot up from the bottom of the pit, instantly triggering a suppressive force from a powerful Restriction in the mountainside.

Sword-suppression Valley had always been a place intended for the suppression of the Heart-killing Sword. There was a powerful Restriction present in the mountainside where the sword was at. Whenever the sword acted up, the Restriction would automatically initiate suppression.

But this time, the Heart-killing Sword lashed fiercely and directly toward the Restriction. Its blood-colored Sword Edge exerted unprecedented power as it viciously stabbed the Restriction with irresistible force.

For a while, the powerful Restriction shook as if it was on the verge of breaking down.

“This is bad!”

As one of the Nine Sovereigns, it was surprising that the dignified Master Su Ming would let out an exclamation at this very moment. His white garments flapped in the air as he rushed toward the Restriction and tried in vain to control the Restriction such that it would suppress the Heart-killing Sword.

It was obvious that he had underestimated the power of the Heart-killing Sword. Or, to put it another way, what he underestimated was the sword’s determination and eagerness to break the Restriction.

He had seen the Restriction being perforated by the sword before he reached close to it, on which abruptly appeared an extremely hairlike yet fatal opening.

Crack... the opening abruptly grew bigger. The Restriction would ultimately be ruptured by the Heart-killing Sword.

Swish!

After breaking the Restriction, the sword let out an excited howl and transformed into a bloody light which instantly shot through the Void. Unexpectedly, it headed toward the 180-feet tall golden Sword Soul Phantom, joining the other thousands of weapons.

In all its demonic and seductive blood-color, it appeared in front of the Sword Soul Phantom, jumping up and down in tremendous excitement.

The Sword Principle experts around were flabbergasted by the sight of this.

From the secret chamber, Jian Wushuang too witnessed the thousand sword applause and saw the Heart-killing Sword.

“This Heart-killing Sword...”

Frowning slightly, a strange feeling popped up in the bottom of his heart, and he then gestured toward the sword. Although the gesture was a subconscious action, what he did not expect was that, in immediate reaction to it, the sword would let an exclamation and whiz toward him before floating with an unprecedented politeness in front of him.

Its posture was like that of a young child in front of his parents.

“Such good manners. Is this really the Heart-killing Sword?” Jian Wushuang was somewhat baffled.

It should be known that the Heart-killing Sword was the Divine Land’s first Sword Principle magic weapon, and it was also murderous in nature.

A murderous magic weapon of its level should be extremely ruthless, brutal, and supercilious, as could be told from the scene of the thousand sword salute some time ago.

But now, it behaved politely in front of him.

He slowly reached his hand out and grasped its hilt, to which it showed no resistance and even became delighted. Shortly after, he began the dripping of blood to bind it to himself.

The binding process went through smoothly.

In only a moment’s time, the binding was complete. Jian Wushuang had, impressively, become the first owner of a murderous Sword Principle magic weapon in the Divine Land. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

“This is a bit too easy, isn’t it?” Jian Wushuang muttered in surprise.

He knew in his heart that the Heart-killing Sword had come because of the golden Sword Soul he metamorphosized.

Shaking his head, he did not think anymore about it. As soon as his thoughts changed, the 180-feet tall golden Sword Soul Phantom behind him began to slowly dissipate, while the thousands of weapons suspended in the air also receded one after another.

Everything became calm once again.

The entire Sword-suppression Valley fell into a deathly silence.

There remained a trace of consternation in the eyes of the Sword Principle experts, who could not calm down even as time passed. Everyone’s eyes were currently fixated upon the inside of the secret chamber.

They were all curious whether the monster who caused everything that just happened had three heads and six arms.

The door of the secret chamber bolted open under the watch of everyone, and a figure in black robes slowly stepped out shortly after.

He was not tall in stature and had a youthful face which was decent-looking much as it absolutely could not compare to Su Ming’s in terms of handsomeness.

He carried in his hand a scarlet longsword which every expert present recognized. It was none other than the Heart-killing Sword.

Considered to be the ultimate sword of killing by everyone, it nevertheless remained tame and calm in the person’s hand.

The footsteps of the man as he moved forward were steady, sonorous, and forceful.

He only stopped walking when he had reached in front of the crowd of experts.

“Indeed, the Heart-killing Sword has recognized him as its owner.”

The experts gazed with complicated looks at Jian Wushuang.

Since the fall of the Sword Ancestor, the Heart-killing Sword had never had a second owner. It had thus remained in the Sword-suppression Valley for over a thousand years, throughout which time there had been many Sword Principle experts who attempted to subdue it but ended up failing to do so.

Su Ming, for instance, had made several attempts but was frustrated each time.

The Heart-killing Sword finally got a new owner, but he... Under the gaze of the experts, the aura on Jian Wushuang’s body was impossible to conceal. It was, to everyone’s surprise, the aura of a mere Saint Realm expert.

“A Saint Realm expert!”

“He’s only a Saint Realm expert!”

“He not only awakened three first-grade Sword Souls, but more inconceivably, fused them perfectly and metamorphosized them into an all-new Sword Soul such that even the Heart-killing Sword would voluntarily submit to him as its owner. To think he’s only a Saint Realm expert!”

The Sword Principle experts were filled with sourness in their hearts, and many of them looked upon Jian Wushuang with great jealousy.

Yes, it was jealousy.

Jian Wushuang could sense the incoming envy upon him as well.

“Little ‘un, I believe your recognition of me as your owner is a good thing, but it has also brought me huge trouble.”

Looking at the sword in his hand, Jian Wushuang sighed lightly as his looks began to turn frosty.