Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

4882 Power Struggle

The initial stage was also the initial stage of the Grand Yan Immortal.

Chang Duoling, the Immortal Lord of the Nine Heavens, was at this level among the Grand Yan Immortals, which was still some distance away from the Three Revolutions Stage.

Even so, he was a genuine Grand Yan Immortal, which made Jian Wushuang feel an unprecedented pressure.

“Junior, it’s useless no matter how much you resist. I want you to die, and no one can save you now.” The corners of Chang Duoling’s mouth curled into a cold smile, as if he was showing his last bit of pity.

Jian Wushuang also sneered, “Really? Did the so-called Grand Yan Immortal only know how to fight with words? Are you planning to drown me with your saliva?”

Chang Duoling’s face turned cold. He suddenly pushed his palm forward, and thousands of dark blue leaves appeared on his body.

Every single shell leaf was filled with a violent Yan power.

Jian Wushuang raised his left hand high and a divine mountain appeared out of thin air, blocking his way.

Boom, boom Boom!

Every single shell leaf smashed into the divine mountain, causing a series of explosions.

He began to retreat, and the galaxy between his brows slowly rotated.

The sacred mountain only blocked it for a moment before a figure with supreme Yan power shot toward Jian Wushuang.

As the speed was too fast, when Jian Wushuang tried to resist, the uncontrollable huge force hit his Immortal body directly.

Ripples spread out in the shattered void.

Chang Duoling’s face was cold as he continued to punch Jian Wushuang’s stomach.

10,000 punches in an instant, each of which was enough to shatter the Immortal Source of an ordinary Yan Immortal.

Bang!

The last punch went through Jian Wushuang’s body, leaving a big hole in his heart. Then, Chang Duoling sneered and shot out hundreds of dark blue leaves from his back, all of which were aimed at Jian Wushuang.

The already shattered void was completely covered by the dark blue explosion once again.

Everything seemed to have become a foregone conclusion.

Chang Duoling retreated slowly, a hint of regret in his eyes, but before it could even fade away, a stream of light suddenly shot out from the center of the explosion and headed straight for his face.

The flowing light was Jian Wushuang. The wound on his stomach was still gaping, and his entire Immortal body was broken.

This was the last thing Chang Duoling saw, and then he received the most critical blow in his life.

His vision suddenly darkened, and the sky started to spin.

At that moment, Jian Wushuang gathered the two Ancestral Skills, the Transcendence Heavenly Gate and Extreme Darkness Heavenly Gate into his fist and punched down fiercely.

The fist, which had gathered all the power of the Ancestral Skills, exploded in Chang Duoling’s face.

He punched again and again, over a thousand punches in an instant. The power of each punch could also cause serious damage to Yan Immortals.

Just as Jian Wushuang was about to withdraw his hand, a big palm suddenly caught his fist and then crushed it into powder. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

“Damn b*stard, who allowed you to do this?!” Chang Duoling roared in anger, and then subconsciously punched the man in the stomach.

However, the punch missed because Jian Wushuang’s Immortal body was broken. The punch went through his broken Immortal body and missed.

Jian Wushuang’s face was cold. He formed an Invisible Sword with his remaining right hand and stabbed it at Chang Duoling’s Immortal body.

Ding, ding, ding–

The Invisible Sword that would usually cut through the heavens was broken inch by inch at this moment and then shattered!

Chang Duoling was stunned at first, but then he smiled. “Your reaction is really fast. You’ve completed such an attack in an instant. If I wasn’t wearing the Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens, I’m afraid it would have been a bit troublesome.

“Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens?” Jian Wushuang’s heart trembled. He wanted to retreat, but he was too late.

Almost 1,000 dark blue leaves swept toward Jian Wushuang. Then, they passed through his Immortal body and exploded!

Pain, an unbearable pain, as if ten thousand insects were gnawing at his heart.

Jian Wushuang’s Immortal body, which was already extremely broken, was almost broken into pieces by the armor leaves.

In the middle of the explosion, he endured the pain of his Immortal body being crushed and stuffed dozens of pills into his mouth.

At once, layers of seven-colored radiance surged out from the explosion.

All the Yan Immortals held their breath as they watched this scene, as if they had forgotten their original purpose in coming to the Six Heavens Realm.

Di Qing, who had suppressed the urge to rush to help, frowned. But when he saw the figure appear again, he was secretly relieved, but at the same time, he was a little confused.

“What kind of physique does this guy have? his Immortal body is about to be shattered, but he’s still so lively?”

Jian Wushuang had swallowed dozens of supreme-grade pills and his body was wrapped in layers of seven-colored halos. His undying Immortal body had also recovered.

He even felt a little hot and dry, as if his meridians were about to explode and needed to be vented.

Looking at this scene, Chang Duoling’s eyes twitched. This guy was only a Yan Immortal, what was he made of?

One must know that if his attacks were to be used on an ordinary Yan Immortal, they would have been blasted into pieces and died thousands of times!

Then, Jian Wushuang charged at Chang Duoling again. He condensed the Invisible Sword again and released an earth-shattering Sword Intent.

Wushuang Sword Dao, Star River Lake Sea Sword Intent, first move.

Star.

A ray of sword radiance tore through the sky and expanded with the wind. As it tore through the void, it brought with it thousands of beams of light that were tens of thousands of feet long.

Even Chang Duoling was a little moved by this scene.

Subconsciously, he no longer saw Jian Wushuang as an ordinary Yan Immortal, but an equal opponent.

Faced with such a sword technique, his expression turned grave. He suddenly raised his left arm, and instantly, billions of dark blue stars swept out.

“Even ordinary Grand Yan Immortals have no choice but to avoid my Heavenly Stars Transformation. I’d like to see how you’re going to break it!”

Chang Duoling looked ahead with a meaningful look.

Boom boom boom!

The void was illuminated for a moment.

The Sword Intent of the Star form clashed with the stars in the sky, creating the most brilliant scene.

This was their combined attack, and it made the Yan Immortals’ expressions change.

They could not believe that a Yan Immortal could fight a Grand Yan Immortal to the point of being on par with him, and even to the point of a power struggle!

How could this be possible? If they did not personally witness this scene, none of the Yan Immortals would believe it.

Even a Grand Yan Immortal at the initial stage could easily kill hundreds of them. It was a crushing existence.

But now, their deep-rooted thoughts were gradually being disintegrated by the figure who dared to compete with the Grand Yan Immortal.

“Damn it, what is this guy? Is there a Grand Yan Immortal impersonating him?”

Chang Duoling’s eyes almost popped out of their sockets as he watched the scene in front of him. He wanted nothing more than to swallow the figure whole to relieve the depression in his heart.