Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

4897 Destroying the Immortal Array Formation

In order to give himself some leeway, Prince Qian, who had already changed his appearance, suddenly raised the true sword in his hand, “All Yan Immortals, follow the Heavenly Official Jian closely. If you go against my orders, die on the battlefield!”

After exchanging a glance with Di Qing, Jian Wushuang took the lead.

Facing the huge Yan Immortal army, he held an Invisible Sword and walked forward, as if nothing could stop him.

Behind him were over 100 Yan Immortals.

Di Qing also moved at this moment. He shook his arms and a pair of magnificent wings spread out from his back.

He was like the Heavenly Dao that had descended into the world, and an extremely beautiful light shot out from behind him. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Tens of thousands of golden feathers with boundless power tore through the void and poured toward the Yan Immortal army.

The entire void seemed to have been completely burned. The golden feather swept over and instantly contained the impact.

A Star River Lake Ocean Sword Intent burst forth, the incomparable sword intent exploded in front of them, and several Yan Immortals were exhausted from dealing with it and were crushed into dust on the spot.

In just one exchange, the combined power of Jian Wushuang and Di Qing turned the tables. Nearly 30 Yan Immortals were killed on the spot!

Prince Qian, who was at the back, saw this shocking scene and his eyebrows twitched. He never thought that the Six Heavens Realm would have such a terrifying killing move.

He looked at the ten-winged Di Qing in the air and could not help but swallow. He was already drooling.

However, Prince Qian quickly regained his composure. This was just the beginning. Nothing was set in stone. He could not let his guard down.

Just as he was about to find a safe place to hide, the Young Emperor beside him suddenly raised his sword and joined the battle!

“Prince Yan, do you want to die? They’re all here for you!” Prince Qian shouted anxiously, but the Young Emperor had already left and ignored him.

“Damn it, they’re all a bunch of idiots!” He was furious. At the same time, he was nervously watching this battle. It should have been a crushing defeat, but it had fallen into a stalemate.

With Di Qing backing him up, the pressure on Jian Wushuang’s body was relieved. His entire body was like a True Sword that was showing off its sharpness. Nothing could stop him.

The four Armadillo Bulls were spread out in a triangular formation. What Jian Wushuang needed to do now was to destroy them one by one before the transmitting Immortal Array Formation was fully activated!

The 100 or so Yan Immortals behind him instantly clashed with the Yan Immortal army.

The battle of close to 500 Yan Immortals was even more terrifying than the last battle, shaking the heavens and earth.

The first Armadillo Bull was the closest to Jian Wushuang and the Immortal formation was about to open.

Under the close to 100 Yan Immortals’ fierce battle, a hole was forcefully torn open in the encirclement.

Without hesitation, Jian Wushuang released the second move of the Star River Lake Sea Sword Intent.

River.

As if descending from the sky, the long river of Sword Dao with endless power poured down.

When all the Yan Immortals saw this scene, they were shocked beyond words, they hurriedly scrambled to make a way out.

Jian Wushuang was confident that he could destroy the transmitting Immortal Array Formation with this Sword Intent!

However, in the next moment, something unexpected happened.

In the void in front of Armadillo Bull, a deep red barrier that was more than a million feet tall suddenly condensed!

The earth-shaking River Sword Intent collided with the dark red barrier, and endless derivation force gushed out crazily.

Under such a terrifying impact, the dark red barrier began to crack, as if it would shatter in the next moment.

However, at this moment, a figure in a wide black robe quietly appeared behind the barrier. At the same time, he stretched out a palm and placed it on the barrier.

In an instant, a dense, spiderweb-like dark red thread clung to the barrier and quickly repaired the cracks.

The two counteracted each other. In the end, the Sword Intent of the River Style dissipated completely, but the barrier remained intact.

Jian Wushuang looked at the black-robed figure with a serious expression.

Waving his hand to remove the barrier, the black-robed figure held the scepter and said coldly, “Go back to where you came from. We want to kill Prince Yan, and it has nothing to do with you.”

“F*ck you, old bastard. You’re old and weak. Do you only know how to talk?” Chen Qing, who was standing beside Jian Wushuang, shouted and wanted to slash him with his sword.

“Stinky-mouthed junior!” The black-robed figure coldly shook the scepter in his hand. Immediately, a violent gale slashed toward Chen Qing.

Clang!

Jian Wushuang slashed out and cut off the violent astral wind. He glanced at him coldly and said, “Move aside if you want to live!”

“Ignorant!” The black-robed figure slammed the scepter in his hand again and roared angrily.

In an instant, tens of thousands of dark-red flows of energy gushed out from his black robe and spread out in the void like the petals of a lotus.

As the black robe moved, a thin and haggard face was revealed. Two dark red lights shot out from his pupils, which was extremely strange.

Even Jian Wushuang felt uncomfortable when he saw that face and that gaze.

“You’re not his match, he’s a Grand Yan Immortal,” Jian Wushuang reminded.

Chen Qing was startled, but he did not dare to say anything, “Damn it, when did so many Grand Yan Immortals pop up in the Great Si Region?”

Jian Wushuang frowned as well. He remembered that Chen Qing had told him that other than the Elders under Zhen Wuyang, there was only a handful of Grand Yan Immortals in the Great Si Region.

From the harsh conditions of advancement and the environment of the Great Si Region, what Chen Qing said was correct. There were indeed very few people who could advance to the Grand Yan Immortal realm.

But now, there were two Grand Yan Immortals participating in this battle. This was truly terrifying.

Adding on Chang Duoling from before, to be able to mobilize three Grand Yan Immortals in a row, the strength that Prince Jiu was hiding was far more terrifying than what he had shown.

Right now, this early-stage Grand Yan Immortal had not reached the Three Revolutions stage, but the aura he gave off was extremely strange. It was different from Blood Qi and Vicious Qi, it was the purest Death Qi.

He was like a lifeless dead Immortal.

It was an unchanging principle that delay would lead to change. Therefore, Jian Wushuang raised his sword and moved forward to welcome the attack.

He had to end this battle as soon as possible. He did not dare to imagine how many troops would be sent out to crush the Six Heavens Realm if the Immortal Array Formations on the backs of the four Armadillo Bulls were all opened.

At that time, once the Immortal Array was completely activated and opened, it could be imagined that the Six Heavens Realm would definitely be destroyed!