Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

4902 Protector Feng Shan

A land of death of Immortals, a pile of bones.

The Yan Immortals fought to the death, the top cultivators fought to the death.

As far as the eye could see, the shattered void was filled with Immortal bones and corpses.

And this situation would only become more and more intense and would not end. This was because only one of the four Immortal Array Formations had been destroyed at the source of the war.

There were still three Immortal Array Formations that were about to be activated and enter the explosive stage.

Once the remaining three arrays were activated, everything would enter a dead end.

Therefore, Jian Wushuang would never let that happen.

After destroying the first Immortal Array Formation, he immediately rushed to the second Immortal Array Formation!

He wanted to stop this battle from happening.

Under the protection of Di Qing, the situation was in a stalemate. However, this situation could not last for long. Therefore, Jian Wushuang had to finish the battle quickly and then return to defense.

As nearly 10,000 Immortal patterns rotated, the second and third Immortal Array Formations were about to be activated.

Jian Wushuang had already arrived before the second Armadillo Bull. He held an Invisible Sword in his hand and his entire body was like a peerless divine sword. He slashed at the Armadillo Bull’s head fearlessly.

The Armadillo Bull’s body was simply too huge. It was even several times larger than some ordinary Heavenly Regions. This caused its movements to slow down. If it encountered a strong opponent, it would basically be waiting for death.

Facing Jian Wushuang, the second Armadillo Bull also opened its mouth and swallowed him.

The same scene happened again. Billions of beautiful lights exploded on the Armadillo Bull’s head, eventually turning it into dust.

Jian Wushuang held his sword and climbed to the top. He looked at the huge Immortal Array Formation on the back of the Armadillo Bull and saw that it had been completely activated.

There were already Yan Immortals stepping out of the Immortal Array Formation, rushing towards the battlefield!

In just a few seconds, another hundred or so experts had joined the broken void battlefield!

Furthermore, there was an endless stream of Yan Immortals pouring out from the Immortal Array Formation.

The Six Heavens Realm was in danger!

Originally, there were still 300 plus people in the Yan Immortal army, but after the addition of the new blood, it was now close to 500.

Jian Wushuang held the Invisible Sword in his hand and arrived in front of the second Immortal Array Formation in an instant. He wanted to close the Immortal Array Formation as soon as possible.

However, this time, it was not as smooth as the first time.

Almost at the same time, the Yan Immortals who walked out of the Immortal Array Formation became alert and surrounded Jian Wushuang.

“Are you a remnant of the Six Heavens Realm?”

A clear voice rang out. Then, a young Yan Immortal expert wearing silver Thousand Leaves Silver Armor and holding a silver spear walked out of the Immortal Array Formation and looked at Jian Wushuang arrogantly.

Jian Wushuang glanced at him and used the seventh move of the Flowing Cloud Grass Sword Sword Style.

Folding Grass and Leaves.

In an instant, boundless Sword Intent surged out from the blade, like green leaves, flying forward.

The eyes of that youth brightened, his competitive spirit rose. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

He suddenly took a step forward and pointed the silver spear in his hand at the void. Then, he used his palm to block the spear and directly used a flat stab.

This seemingly ordinary stab carried the momentum of a whale swallowing the galaxy and actually broke Jian Wushuang’s Flowing Cloud Grass Sword Style.

At this moment, even the Young Emperor who was standing beside Jian Wushuang was extremely shocked.

This was the first time that someone in the same realm as him had broken through Jian Wushuang’s Sword Intent without much difficulty.

Jian Wushuang was also slightly surprised. The young Yan Immortal expert in silver armor and spear was able to find a way to deal with the Flowing Cloud Grass Sword Style so quickly. It was indeed impressive.

The entire Flowing Cloud Grass Sword Style started from the seventh move, from simple to complex, and the Sword Intent contained within it was also close to majestic.

And that youth used the simplest attack to break through the seventh move, Folding Grass and Leaves.

“Not bad, you can be my opponent.”

The young Yan Immortal’s eyes lit up and he was ready to fight Jian Wushuang.

However, Jian Wushuang did not want to fight him. His goal was the Immortal Array Formations.

The Young Emperor understood what he was thinking, he held his sword and faced the young Yan Immortal!

The young Yan Immortal’s eyes flashed with doubt, then he seemed to have thought of something, “You are Prince Yan?!”

The Young Emperor ignored him and released his Immortal Style, attracting the attention of all the Yan Immortals.

“All Yan Immortals, listen to my command, kill Prince Yan with all your might!”

He suddenly raised the silver spear in his hand, and the earth-shattering sound echoed in the shattered void.

At this moment, close to 100 Yan Immortals gathered around.

Jian Wushuang did not stay any longer. He jumped into the Immortal Array Formation that was flowing with Immortal patterns.

The young Yan Immortal who was fighting with the Young Emperor saw this scene and immediately guessed his intentions. He hurriedly shouted, “Don’t just stand there, protect the Immortal Array Formation!”

Immediately, the group of Evolved Immortals chased after Jian Wushuang.

This kind of Immortal Array Formation that was built with tens of thousands of Immortal patterns was extremely sturdy. Even the full-power attacks of dozens of Yan Immortals might not be able to break through its defense. Unless a Grand Yan Immortal attacked, the Immortal Array Formation would be stable.

However, Jian Wushuang could easily destroy the Immortal Array Formation, so the only thing he was worried about was being obstructed.

It seemed like the more worried he was, the more it would come true. When he appeared in front of the Immortal Array Formation, 60 to 70 Yan Immortals surrounded him, and thousands of peak cultivators also came over.

This scene was extremely troublesome.

Just as Jian Wushuang was about to rush out of the encirclement, a deafening roar resounded.

“My Lord, Protector Feng Shan is late!!”

Even Jian Wushuang felt his eardrums swell when he heard the explosion.

By the time he reacted, he saw a blazing meteor-like figure break through the void and resolutely rush into the encirclement.

There were over ten Yan Immortals who could not dodge in time and were sent flying 10,000 feet away.

Rumble!

The entire back of the Armadillo Bull was covered in cracks under this huge tremor.

The encirclement was thrown into chaos, and the figure that came from afar climbed up from the back of the Armadillo Bull in a daze.

Jian Wushuang’s eyes twitched. “Why are you here?”

“My Lord, it’s indeed you. Feng Shan knew that you were here, so I came to protect you. Fortunately, I wasn’t late!” The bald man, Feng Shan, ran over excitedly.

Jian Wushuang was helpless. When he saw that the encirclement had become chaotic, he said in a serious voice, “Get ready to rush out with me. As long as you rush out, you can follow me from now on.”

“Feng Shan accepts the order. My Lord, just watch!” Feng Shan said excitedly.

As soon as he finished speaking, his originally extremely sturdy figure instantly expanded several times. His entire body was like a divine mountain, filled with an intimidating aura.

Then, he charged forward like a small Armadillo Bull.

In the next moment, the overwhelming Yan power poured onto his body, scattering countless terrifying radiant energy.