Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

4919 The Prince Arrives Personally Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Not only did the Yan Immortal die for nothing, even Grand Yan Immortals died because of it.

Immortal Lord of the Nine Heavens Chang Duoling, Death Immortal You Yun, and the old Grand Yan Immortal were all killed by Jian Wushuang in this battle.

This could no longer be described as a battle between ordinary Imperial Princes. If the degree of destruction was unleashed, only the Heavenly Court, which was guarded by Zhen Wuyang, could control the situation.

When this earth-shattering battle finally came to an end, the originally silent void battleground once again erupted with earth-shattering shouts.

“Heavenly Official Jian, unparalleled in the world!”

” Heavenly Official Jian, unparalleled in the world!! ”

…

Jian Wushuang, who had his back facing the Six Skies Realm, suddenly turned pale. Then, a wisp of divine blood flowed out of the corner of his mouth and dripped onto the Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens. It was quickly absorbed.

In the end, he still underestimated the sinister and terrifying nature of that old Grand Yan Immortal.

If he had not put on the Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens in advance, just the final attack would have been enough to shatter his Immortal body.

The full-strength attack of a rank three Grand Yan Immortal was still terrifying.

Fortunately, he wore the Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens, so he was not heavily injured.

At the same time, what shocked Jian Wushuang was that he had pierced the Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens at the heart area previously. If the attack of the old Grand Yan Immortal had deviated by an inch, Jian Wushuang would not have been able to escape the fate of being destroyed.

The battlefield was ever-changing, and the outcome could be reversed at any moment.

However, there was only one outcome. Jian Wushuang stood alone in the void, as if he was suppressing the world.

Jian Wushuang was unparalleled in the world!

All the cultivators and Yan Immortals rushed toward Jian Wushuang.

“Brother Jian!”

“Brother Jian!”

“Big Brother Jian!”

At this moment, Chun Qiu, Cui Jing, Chen Qing, Wei Liujia, and Zhao Ting all cupped their hands and greeted him with sincere smiles.

Even Di Qing, who had always been calm and extremely arrogant, nodded at Jian Wushuang. “Wushuang, you did well.”

Looking at the faces of those who had fought a bloody battle, Jian Wushuang smiled from the bottom of his heart. Then, he cupped his hands solemnly, “Everyone, we won.”

All the top cultivators cheered. Xu Jin, who was the most inconspicuous, looked at Jian Wushuang from afar with slightly red eyes.

He did not know when he could catch up to Jian Wushuang and he did not dare to expect it. He could only watch from afar.

Perhaps one day in the future, he would be qualified to stand by his side.

If it weren’t for the chaotic and broken void, Chen Qing and Feng Shan would have lifted Jian Wushuang up and cheered.

Immediately after, the thin purple-robed man who was hugging the Young Emperor rushed over from the chaotic void. Both of them were covered in divine blood and were about to die.

When Jian Wushuang saw this scene and was about to speak, the last Immortal Array Formation that had been silent suddenly flowed with Immortal patterns.

100,000 Immortal patterns circulated, and the chaotic void was illuminated at this moment.

At this moment, all the Yan Immortals and peak cultivators had solemn expressions.

They were all clear that the circulation of the Immortal Array Formation indicated that there would be another army arriving at the battlefield!

The excitement on their faces had yet to fade, but it was replaced by bitterness.

The skinny man in purple robe came to Jian Wushuang with the Young Emperor in his arms. He looked extremely old.

“Heavenly Official Jian, retreat. We can’t afford to lose any more of our remaining forces.”

Jian Wushuang was silent. The top cultivators and the Yan Immortals behind him were also silent, waiting for him to make the final decision.

At this moment, a cold and disdainful voice sounded from the Immortal array.

“You want to retreat? Dream on!”

As this voice resounded through the void, Yan Immortals with vast and powerful energy flowing around them walked out of the Immortal array.

Even Jian Wushuang’s heart sank when he saw this.

Another few hundred Yan Immortals arrived at the void battleground!

A whole hundred full of Evolved Immortals entered the battlefield, this was a crushing blow to the Six Heavens Realm and the others who had almost no strength to fight.

Di Qing was already heavily injured while Chun Qiu, Chen Qing, and the other Yan Immortals were all more or less heavily injured, they no longer had the strength to fight.

As for top cultivators, to a Yan Immortal, they were practically dispensable existences.

In the entire Six Heavens Realm, Jian Wushuang was the only one who could still fight.

The 100 Yan Immortals who walked out of the Immortal Array Formation scattered the moment they appeared in the void battleground. They surrounded them all, obviously not planning to let any of them go.

When the Immortal Array Formation was finally destroyed, a valiant Yan Immortal dressed in scarlet-gold armor walked out. He was surrounded by the Heavenly Dao, and even the Heavenly Dao submitted to him.

His extremely handsome face was filled with supreme authority and was extremely terrifying.

Jian Wushuang’s eyes narrowed when he saw him.

This valiant Yan Immortal wearing scarlet-gold armor was none other than the Third Prince under Zhen Wuyang, Prince Yu.

He was the representative of arrogance. During the battle for the Immortal Peach in the Heavenly Court, he had wanted to break the restriction of the Immortal Peach by himself and monopolize the Immortal Peach. In the end, he was eliminated.

Then, he was defeated by Jian Wushuang in the former Heavenly Court of Emperor Liu Ya and was almost beaten half to death.

Now that he had appeared in the void battleground, it showed that he was on the same side as Prince Jiu.

Although Prince Yu was arrogant, he had already mastered the Immortal Style, so he could not be underestimated.

Especially now, the pressure he emitted was extremely powerful.

At this moment, even if he wanted to escape, it would be an extravagant hope.

Prince Yu, who was standing on the Heavenly Dao and clad in golden armor, looked at the remaining Yan Immortals and peak cultivators from the Six Heavens Realm with his heroic eyes. He could not help but sneer.

Especially when he saw the Young Emperor who was covered in blood and barely breathing, he could not help but laugh out loud.

However, he quickly regained his cold expression and looked at the Young Emperor before speaking in a deep voice.

“Prince Yan, we have found the murderer who killed our Fifth Brother, and you are the murderer! Now, I will capture you and hand you over to Imperial Fater.”

Jian Wushuang did not expect Prince Yu would push the blame onto the Young Emperor.

He was the one who had personally witnessed the battle to kill the emperor.

Under the Fusang Tree, Zheng Ying chopped off the head of the Fifth Prince, Prince Mo, and crushed his Immortal Source, causing him to die completely.

Jian Wushuang guessed that the extremely mysterious Zheng Ying was most likely a mysterious Yan Immortal under Prince Jiu. It was absolutely impossible that she was sent by the Young Emperor.

Therefore, when Prince Yu pushed away the accusation, Jian Wushuang immediately concluded that he was just making a wild guess.

The weak Young Emperor glanced at Prince Yu and turned around slowly. He looked at Jian Wushuang and said softly, “Brother Jian, you can leave. I want to see if they dare to kill me.”