Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 493: Counterattack

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Woosh!

A streak of Flowing Light darted out.

Now, a mighty Blood River was surging towards Su Ming.

Jian Wushuang appeared in front of his opponent and the Heart-killing Sword let out a shrill whistle as the 180 foot Golden Sword Soul Phantom attacked with a longsword.

It was a brilliant, intoxicating stroke.

The spectators could not help but be enchanted by it.

It was the third move of the Heart-killing Sword Technique, Enchant!

Jian Wushuang had just recently comprehended it when he saw the thousand sword salute.

The first move of the Heart-killing Sword Technique was relatively weak, but each move was stronger than the previous one. Therefore, the third move was obviously more powerful than the second one, Desperation.

Even a marquis would be terrified by the power of this brilliant attack.

But Su Ming sneered while casually brandishing his dreamlike longsword again.

As a result, Jian Wushuang’s strongest move was easily deflected by him.

“He blocked my attack so easily?”?Jian Wushuang was astonished.

He used his full strength to perform Soul-Devouring Secret Skill and used the Heart-killing Sword to perform his strongest move, which was powerful enough to kill any marquis, but Su Ming easily parried it.

Both sovereigns and marquises were at the Cloud Realm, but was the former really that much stronger than the latter?

“Humph!” Jian Wushuang snorted.

He immediately struck out with several palms in succession.

“Asura Secret Skill, Eighteen Levels of Hell!”

Buzz... A mighty power erupted as a towering scarlet pavilion descended into the mighty Blood River.

It had 18 floors with ghost shadows visible on each floor, as its overwhelming power began surging toward Su Ming.

At this moment, a sword light also gushed out of Jian Wushuang’s mind’s eye. Instantly, a terrifying Sword Essence shot out.

It was the first-grade sword technique, Mind’s Eye!

Ever since he first learned this Sword Skill, he had been storing Sword Essence between his eyes, but he rarely had an opportunity to use it, so the Sword Essence became more and more powerful.

At this moment, he released all of the Sword Essence he had been saving at once.

The stream of Sword Essence changed into a streak of dazzling sword light, lashing out with a power strong enough to kill a marquis.

Su Ming stood there peacefully. Even though the lofty scarlet pavilion suppressed him, he was only shocked for a second and still kept his calm.

In the blink of an eye, the overwhelming Sword Essence had appeared before Su Ming.

Su Ming snorted. When he raised his head, his mind’s eye suddenly split and unleashed a gush of Sword Essence, which was more powerful than what Jian Wushuang released.

He easily blocked the attack from the Mind’s Eye Sword Technique.

After seeing that, Jian Wushuang stared at his opponent with an extremely cold look and said, “Time for my last Killing Move!”

“Hum?” Su Ming frowned and felt something happened behind him.

At the same time as he smashed the Sword Essence, a streak of golden light with an overwhelming power rushed toward his back at a terrifying speed.

A scarlet figure with a cold look stood behind him while holding a gold longbow, the Dragon King Bow. The golden light, which was not far from Su Ming, was actually the Dragon King Arrow with Icy Heart Poison.

The Blood Puppet and Dragon King Arrow were Jian Wushuang’s final Killing Move!

Jian Wushuang had performed some powerful techniques, but he did not actually expect those skills to kill Su Ming. His only hope was the Dragon King Arrow, or, more precisely, the Icy Heart Poison that was on it.

As long as the Dragon King Arrow scratched Su Ming’s skin, the Icy Heart Poison should be strong enough to kill him.

Therefore, Jian Wushuang let Blood Puppet wait at the side for an opportunity to launch this Killing Move.

Jian Wushuang had an ingenious plan. He exerted his full strength to perform techniques that would attract his opponent’s attention. Especially the Eighteen Levels of Hell, which shocked Su Ming. Then the Mind’s Eye Sword Technique and Dragon King Arrow were displayed in succession so that Su Ming would not notice the second attack.

When the golden light was one meter away from him, he finally felt it.

At such a close distance, Su Ming was utterly unable to react.

“I succeeded!”?A flicker of delight flashed through his eyes.

He watched as the Dragon King Arrow pierced Su Ming. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

However, no blood appeared. The Dragon King Arrow did not seem to touch anything and continued shooting forward at its previous speed.

Swish!

The gold light, like a comet with a long tail, eventually landed on a nearby mountain.

The Dragon King Arrow left a big hole on the mountainside. As the Icy Heart Poison pervaded the mountain, the huge mountain became white and was quickly?covered by an icy fog.

Clap!

At this point, the mountain cracked into pieces.

It chilled all the spectators to the bone.

“Tut, what a terrifying toxin! Luckily, I have the Illusory Sword Principle, or I would have been wounded and killed by your toxin!”

Cold laughter rang out. Jian Wushuang saw Su Ming speak again with a completely uninjured body.