Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

4929 Unable to Break Through Again

Even in that ancient era, when the Emperor had ruled over thousands of generations, there were very few existences that could make him feel threatened.

This was simply absurd.

Zhen Wuyang directly discarded the absurdity that rose in his heart and returned to normal.

At the same time, he was puzzled. What was the familiar feeling that Jian Wushuang gave off? Why did it feel so familiar?

After pondering for a moment, Zhen Wuyang did not intend to investigate further. He had just arrived at the Great Si Region and had already sensed the abnormal fluctuations here, which was why he had rushed over.

Now that the crisis in the Six Heavens Realm had been resolved, he had to return to Heavenly Court to deal with some hidden dangers.

Reaching out his hand to dispel the Imperial Emperor Heavenly Dao that was binding the Young Emperor, Zhen Wuyang wanted to say something but hesitated. In the end, he did not say anything and led a group of Grand Yan Immortals away.

The void that had shattered into chaos was repaired by the Imperial Emperor’s Heavenly Dao. All the injuries from the battle did not leave any traces. It was so clean that it was as if nothing had happened. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Even the destroyed Heavenly Regions were reconstructed, but the billions of living beings in them eventually disappeared.

Chen Qing and the others were a little dazed as they looked at the clean void with the flowing galaxy.

Here, there had been a tragic battle. Close to 2,000 Yan Immortals and three Grand Yan Immortals were buried here.

But at this moment, they had all disappeared without a trace.

He coughed lightly and slowly came to Jian Wushuang. His eyes were dim as he said, “I’m sorry.”

Jian Wushuang shook his head, “It’s not your fault. Now that things have come to this, you should think about how to make up for it.”

“Brother Jian, what are your plans? No matter what, I, Chen Qing, will be the first to follow you!” Chen Qing, who was covered in divine blood, walked out from behind him and said with determination in his eyes.

“I’ll have a share too. Feng Shan will never back down!” Feng Shan, who was even taller than Chen Qing, patted his chest and said.

Following that, Chun Qiu, Cui Jing, and Wei Liujia also took a step forward. They all had determined looks on their faces.

Hesitation flashed across Zhao Ting’s eyes. In the end, she did not take a step forward and stayed where she was.

Jian Wushuang forced a smile and turned to look at them. “What are you doing? The battle is over. There’s no more fighting. Go back and recuperate.”

“Brother Jian, is there really nothing else you need to do?” Chen Qing asked.

Jian Wushuang nodded, “Of course not. Your top priority now is to recover from your injuries to avoid any hidden injuries.”

The battle finally ended, close to 2,000 Yan Immortals were buried in the void battlefield.

In the end, the Six Heavens Realm was preserved, but its foundation had been completely destroyed. Only 1,000 top cultivators were left.

Prince Qian who came to help was also heavily injured, only 3 out of the 100 Yan Immortals he brought were left.

However, not only did he not lament, he was extremely excited.

Using a mere 200 plus Yan Immortals to fight against 2,000 plus Yan Immortals, and finally defending the Six Heavens Realm, this was an impossible battle, but in the end, it really happened.

Prince Qian was excited because he saw the hidden power of the Six Heavens Realm.

His gamble this time was the right one!

If he made the right bet, it meant that from now on, he would no longer have to do things according to Prince Jiu’s wishes. His Ethereal Immortal Province would also be temporarily safe.

However, Prince Qian was still a little worried. The Six Heavens Realm had already declined and it was unknown whether it could take care of the Ethereal Immortal Province in the future.

Thinking of this, he still felt a little regretful. If he had come a few days later, he would not have been able to catch up with this war…

After the battle ended, the top cultivators who had been sent far away returned to the Six Heavens Realm.

After experiencing such a great battle, every top cultivator had completely transformed and matured.

If he wanted to survive in such a bloody battle, he had to become stronger to have a chance of survival.

The Yan Immortal stage was their ultimate goal.

The six days returned to silence, and it was still cold.

Sitting on the roof of the rebuilt Heavenly Palace, Jian Wushuang closed his eyes and meditated.

In this fierce battle, he had obtained his strongest Sword Intent, and his Sword Dao had also reached the stage of perfectionstage.

Once the Wushuang Sword Dao was perfected, Jian Wushuang would enter the Sword Immortal stage.

At that time, he would probably be able to fight a Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal.

Jian Wushuang, who had obtained his strongest Sword Intent, was not happy at the moment. He even sat on the roof of the Heavenly Palace expressionlessly.

Countless terrifying Yan power surged around his body. At the same time, he quickly swallowed several Emperor-grade pills.

He was trying his best to recover to his peak and was even trying to break through!

All the Yan power that was born in Little Lonely Heaven was gathering towards him, and the world was changing.

After an unknown period of time, Jian Wushuang slowly opened his eyes and could not help but reveal a trace of disappointment.

“Could it be that there’s no way to advance to the Grand Yan Immortal realm?”

Jian Wushuang was indeed trying to break through to the Grand Yan Immortal realm, but he failed in the end.

The failure this time was far more terrifying than any previous failure to break through the realm.

Because the situation this time was completely different.

As a Perfect Life Form, it was extremely difficult for him to break through and advance. Similarly, once he succeeded in breaking through, he would completely crush his enemies at the same level.

Although the path to breakthrough was extremely difficult, it was not without a path.

If one were to describe each cultivation realm as an ethereal and unknown cloud, although it was within sight but not within reach, there was still a path that could be comprehended.

However, Jian Wushuang felt that he could not make any more breakthroughs in his cultivation realm!

This was because he had already reached the end of his path in cultivation.

After the Yan Immortal stage, there was no more stage to break through!

Cold sweat dripped down from Jian Wushuang’s temples.

He had never thought that his path of advancement would stop at the Yan Immortal stage. As for the Grand Yan Immortal stage, he had no sense of it at all.

Jian Wushuang’s eyes were filled with bitterness. He knew the reason.

He came from the Divine Power Universe and did not belong to the cultivation system of the Great Yan Domain at all. This was despite him cutting off his past in the mortal world and obtaining Yan power.

However, in the end, it was unable to produce an Immortal Source.

Without an Immortal Source, it meant that he would never be able to advance to the Grand Yan Immortal stage.

“There must be another way. This is definitely not my destination.”

Slowly exhaling a mouthful of turbid breath, Jian Wushuang’s gaze gradually became firm.

Since there was a mountain but no path in front of him, he would forcefully open up a path!

If he could not even open a path, then there was no harm in destroying the mountain in front of him!

However, he would probably be in an extremely passive position in his next plan.

Initially, Jian Wushuang had planned to break through to the Yan Immortal stage and ascend to the Grand Yan Immortal stage with all his might during this period of time. However, he had not been able to do so.