Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4939 Heavily Injured and Dying

A Grand Yan Immortal was still a Grand Yan Immortal after all. Even if his strength was weakened for some reason, he was still terrifying to the extreme.

Under the combined attack of the eight Grand Yan Immortals, Jian Wushuang's counterattack was stopped.

Even with the Selfless True Shadow and the support of the Slaughter Dao, he was still at a disadvantage.

To be able to survive in this Endless Sea until now, these Grand Yan Immortals were all terrifying characters who had experienced thousands of battles.

"Suppress!"

The black-robed Grand Yan Immortal roared and a Sky-Covering Golden Seal pressed down on Jian Wushuang. At the same time, the other seven Grand Yan Immortals released their first attack.

Jian Wushuang was attacked from both sides and he had no way to dodge. He once again took the full-strength attack of the eight Grand Yan Immortals.

A heaven-shaking explosion exploded. The old man who was lying on the ground nervously watching this scene was frightened out of his wits. He did not even have time to escape before he was swept away by an indescribable force.

It was as if the mountains and seas were about to collapse, and everything was like the end of the world.

In this so-called Heavenly Continent, nearly one-tenth of the plane had been turned into ashes under this fierce battle.

In the void, Jian Wushuang spat out a large mouthful of divine blood and his aura was extremely weak.

The Sky-Covering Golden Seal directly broke through his defense, the remaining seven Yan Immortal's full strength attacks came over.

If it was not for the protection of the Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens, Jian Wushuang's Immortal body would have disintegrated.

Seeing that he had only spat out a mouthful of divine blood, all the black-robed Grand Yan Immortals turned pale with fright and found it unbelievable.

One had to know that even a Six Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal could only die in regret when faced with the encirclement of eight Grand Yan Immortals, their Immortal bodies could not even survive.

However, this monster-like Yan Immortal had refreshed their understanding.

Facing the combined attack of eight Grand Yan Immortals, he only spat out a mouthful of divine blood? Even his Immortal body was not damaged at all?

What was this Immortal body made of?

It was the leading Grand Yan Immortal who noticed the problem first. He noticed the blue armor that flashed on Jian Wushuang's body.

Then, he shouted in a low voice, "Retreat!"

The eight Grand Yan Immortals instantly retreated.

"Too late!" Jian Wushuang roared. The Slaughter Dao gave him not only violent power, but also thirst for blood and the desire to fight.

The desire to fight was beyond imagination, to the point of exchanging one's life for another.

Facing the eight Grand Yan Immortals, he did not retreat and escape. Instead, he directly met them head-on.

Among them, the Grand Yan Immortal closest to Jian Wushuang had just released his Yan power barrier when it was broken by a punch.

By the time he reacted, the fist had already opened a big hole in his chest.

"No…"

The black-robed Grand Yan Immortal was terrified. He wanted to use his hand to cover his broken chest, but he realized that it was all in vain.

The Immortal Source was shattered and Jian Wushuang threw it into the void as if he was throwing trash. Then, he moved extremely fast and rushed into the Grand Yan Immortal's camp.

Facing such a disorganized but extremely terrifying enemy, they were actually helpless!

In the chaotic sky, bloody mists exploded from time to time.

The seven figures were also continuously decreasing.

Six.

Five.

Four…

Jian Wushuang seemed to know no exhaustion as he fought back crazily, leaving cracks all over his Immortal body that was exposed outside the Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens.

There were more than ten Emperor-grade pills in his mouth. It was as if he was eating candy. Once he could not hold on any longer, he would swallow one and continue fighting.

In the end, there were only three Grand Yan Immortals left in the chaotic sky.

There were originally ten black-robed Grand Yan Immortals, but only three were left. This was an unimaginable scene.

The eyes of the black-robed Grand Yan Immortal who was the leader were about to split open. At this moment, only vengeance was left in his divine thought.

This was a humiliating scene. In the next moment, he shook his arms and released a heaven-shaking power.

"Brat, I will definitely kill you here today!"

Jian Wushuang sneered, "That's exactly what I wanted to say. Today, you'll have to deal with me one by one. None of you can escape from me!"

"Then let's see who's right!" the leading Grand Yan Immortal shouted angrily.

In the next moment, Jian Wushuang took the lead and crushed them with endless killing intent.

"Attack!" he shouted.

As his voice fell, the two Grand Yan Immortals behind him moved.

Streams of extremely thick derivative energy suddenly shot out and bound Jian Wushuang.

Caught off guard, he paused for a moment.

It was during this pause that the leading Grand Yan Immortal moved. Layers of Sky-Covering Golden Seals appeared above his head and pressed down on Jian Wushuang.

The golden seal of this level had made Jian Wushuang suffer a little before. Now, it descended again and suppressed him.

"Suppress!"

The golden seal enveloped him, causing him to pause for a moment.

At this moment, the black-robed Grand Yan Immortal broke the golden seal and released a thunderous attack.

Countless golden lights shot down like spears, completely enveloping Jian Wushuang.

The black-robed Grand Yan Immortal's body emitted a unique glow, especially in his palm, where a deep glow flashed.

In the next moment, he quietly appeared in front of Jian Wushuang like a ghost. Then, his fingers, which were as sharp as knives, suddenly stabbed into Jian Wushuang's chest.

Jian Wushuang's face turned pale instantly. The black-robed Grand Yan Immortal's palm pierced through the Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens and pierced into his body.

Divine blood spurted out and sprinkled in the void.

Under the black hood, the black-robed Grand Yan Immortal revealed a smug smile. He had seen through the flaws of the supreme treasure Jian Wushuang was wearing and had tried with a staking all his efforts. Unexpectedly, he had succeeded.

Jian Wushuang opened his mouth and coughed out a mouthful of divine blood. His face was extremely pale.

He had not expected that the hidden danger left behind by his sword strike would actually be used by others.

In the last battle with Chang Duoling, the Immortal Lord of the Nine Heavens, Jian Wushuang had comprehended his most powerful sword move.

He had used his strongest sword move to tear apart Chang Duoling's Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens and finally shattered his Immortal Source.

After Chang Duoling's death, he gave the Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens to Jian Wushuang. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

However, the gap left on the Mystic Garb could no longer be mended. It was only an extremely tiny wound.

However, it was seen through by the black-robed Grand Yan Immortal and he gave him a thunderous blow.

Although Jian Wushuang did not have an Immortal Source, he was still severely injured.

The black-robed Grand Yan Immortal who had torn his palm apart was also puzzled. He realized that this strange Yan Immortal did not have an Immortal Source?!

"Are you done touching me?"

Although Jian Wushuang was extremely weak, he still looked at him coldly.

The black-robed Grand Yan Immortal suddenly became alert. Just as he was about to destroy it, Jian Wushuang attacked before him.