Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4944 The Fight in the Giant Hall

Since the beginning of the ancient age, there had never been a case of a Yan Immortal being able to kill a Grand Yan Immortal. The difference between the two was comparable to the difference between a firefly and the moon.

If Bian Ziyuan had not seen that scene with his own eyes, he probably would not have believed it even if he was beaten to death. A puny little Yan Immortal not only crossed levels to kill a Grand Yan Immortal, he even killed eleven without stopping.

Facing the encirclement of 11 Grand Yan Immortals, even he himself would not be able to do it so easily.

But the truth had already happened, so he had no choice but to believe it.

Bian Ziyuan was already thinking about what would happen once Jian Wushuang broke through to the Yan Immortal stage and reached the Grand Yan Immortal stage.

Then, he nodded slightly and said, "Your Highness, that's true. All 11 Grand Yan Immortals died in his hands. Among them, the 6 black-robed envoys under you also died in his hands."

The young man who was addressed as 'His Highness' frowned and sized up Jian Wushuang with a serious look.

He was a little uncomfortable being sized up by this kind of dignified gaze.

The young man in front of him gave Jian Wushuang an inexplicable sense of familiarity, but he had no idea where this sense of familiarity came from.

A moment later, he said in a cold voice, "In that case, did the 7 black-robed envoys under me really die in your hands?"

Jian Wushuang did not hide anything and said calmly, "That's right, but they deserved to die. If they didn't come after me, I wouldn't have made them my enemies."

"Then do you know why they are your enemies?" Bian Ziyuan turned around, looked at him, and said coldly, "If you didn't intend to destroy the continent, why would they capture and try to kill you?"

Jian Wushuang was speechless for a moment. In the bloody battle with the four Grand Yan Immortals, the land under his feet could not withstand the attacks and shattered.

Then, Bian Ziyuan's voice softened. "You have to know how difficult it is to establish a land area in the Endless Sea."

"Above the Endless Sea, nothing in the world can float. Even the Grand Yan Immortal can't travel through the sea for a long time. This is enough to show the importance of the Heavenly Continent. Once the Heavenly Continent is shattered, all the Grand Yan Immortals here will have no chance of escaping."

"Do you know how the Heavenly Continent was formed?" Bian Ziyuan came to Jian Wushuang and said softly, "Every inch of land here was accumulated with the corpses of the Yan Immortals."

Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows slightly and secretly activated his Yan power in his palm.

"Alright, Ziyuan, now I really want to see how he killed the 7 Grand Yan Immortals under me."

The young man slowly walked out from the darkness and looked at him with a playful expression.

Then, he gently waved his hand.

Suddenly, 3 black-robed envoys walked out from behind the Mountain Sea Pillars on both sides of the huge hall and blocked Jian Wushuang's path.

"Let's begin. Only if you can survive will you have the qualifications to continue the discussion."

As soon as he finished speaking, the 3 black-robed men behind Jian Wushuang moved. At this moment, endless power was revealed.

Two at the Initial stage and one at the Three?Transformation stage!

In an instant, the Three Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal was the first to move. Endless Yan power gathered in his palm and stabbed toward Jian Wushuang's back like the sharpest blade.

At this moment, he also moved, but he did not turn around. Instead, he tilted his Immortal body slightly and dodged that terrifying attack.

While dodging, Jian Wushuang threw a punch to the side with all his strength.

With the support of the Selfless True Shadow, this punch displayed 100 percent of its strength.

The black-robed emissary, who had missed, was caught off guard and his entire body was hit by this punch.

Boom!

A huge force burst forth. How could the black-robed envoy withstand such a huge force? His entire Immortal body was like a kite with a broken string, flying sideways and heavily smashing into the Mountain Sea Pillar.

The Mountain Sea Pillars that supported each side of the hall were a thousand feet thick, normal Yan Immortals would not be able to destroy them.

Rumble!

The black-robed envoy smashed heavily into a Mountain Sea Pillar. Countless cracks instantly covered the entire pillar with him as the center. It was likely that it would break in the next moment.

Jian Wushuang did not stop after sending a Three Revolutions Grand Immortal flying. He turned around and smashed at the other two black-robed envoys.

The unparalleled energy exploded in the hall.

Waves of strong winds swept up, shaking the entire giant hall.

Looking at the figure that was fighting fiercely with the three Grand Yan Immortals without being at a disadvantage, the young man and Bian Ziyuan were completely shocked at this moment.

This scene was simply too shocking. One had to know that the Yan Immortal was merely a toy in the hands of the Grand Yan Immortal and could be killed with ease. There was simply no possibility of them fighting each other.

However, Jian Wushuang's appearance had broken their inherent understanding.

So a Yan Immortal could actually cross realms to kill a Grand Yan Immortal?!

36,000 Sword Intents rushed out of his body and protected Jian Wushuang from being attacked.

With the support of Selfless True Shadow, he was not afraid of two early-stage Grand Yan Immortals at all. He did not even acknowledge Three Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal.

This was because the Grand Yan Immortals in the Endless Sea were more or less weakened. This was also the reason why Jian Wushuang dared to take a gamble.

With a heavy punch, a slightly shorter Grand Yan Immortal was unable to dodge and was hit head-on.

In an instant, his chest caved in, and his entire Immortal body strangely folded in half from the middle. Then, he flew out like a cannonball and smashed into the Mountain Sea Pillar.

Rumble!

The entire Mountain Sea Pillar seemed to be unable to withstand such a huge force and directly broke apart from the middle! Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The huge hall shook, as if a corner of the hall was almost torn apart!

After severely injuring the black-robed envoy, the pressure on Jian Wushuang's body was reduced and he was completely free to fight.

Although Jian Wushuang was now completely free, he did not kill him.

In this awe-inspiring giant hall, if he were to kill all the Grand Yan Immortals under him in front of the Palace Master, there would be no end to it.

The giant hall shook and the unparalleled power exploded. With Jian Wushuang as the center, fine cracks appeared under his feet and gradually spread.

The two black-robed envoys were sent flying. They got up from the ground and fought again.

The?Mountain Sea Pillars were smashed into pieces, and the center of the hall was in a mess.

The corners of the young man's eyes twitched when he saw this scene.

Bian Ziyuan's initial shock turned into helplessness. He turned to look at the young man and said, "Your Highness, don't let them continue fighting. Otherwise, your palace will collapse..."

"Quick, stop him." The young man finally spoke.

Bian Ziyuan, who received the order, nodded his head. Then, he took a step forward and casually waved his hand.

In an instant, an endless amount of exquisite mist descended.