Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4949 I Come From the Heaven-Reaching Buddhist Realm

The divine mountain-like Immortal body of the pot-bellied Buddha had already been shattered by the tens of thousands of Sword Intents.

The endless divine blood almost formed a river on the bone road. Everything in sight was filled with sorrow.

Jian Wushuang borrowed the strength to fight back and awakened all the Sword Intents on the white bone path. That was why he could defeat the Six Revolutions Great Immortal so easily.

Otherwise, it would be almost impossible to defeat him.

Looking at the Immortal corpses on the ground, Jian Wushuang collected his thoughts and prepared to leave.

However, at this moment, he felt a weak aura.

Although the aura was weak, it was real and extremely familiar.

Jian Wushuang was slightly shocked and looked in that direction. He saw a miserable figure struggling among the countless huge Immortal corpses.

"Impossible, why isn't he dead yet?"As he thought of this, he hurried back to the remains of the pot-bellied Buddha.

He waved his palm to blow away the huge Immortal corpse, and an extremely skinny figure covered in blood entered his eyes.

"Cough cough… I'm finally free…"

The extremely skinny figure lay on the white bone path soaked in divine blood. A voice that sounded like a heavy burden came from his mouth.

Jian Wushuang frowned slightly. From the clothes on the figure, he could see that it was a tattered Zen robe. Moreover, there was a string of huge Zen pearls hanging around his neck.

Jian Wushuang had seen this kind of attire once in the Great Yan Domain.

Even the group of monks who destroyed the Heavenly Region where the Sand Demon Cave was located were dressed like this.

He knew very little about the origin of those monks. He only knew that they came from beyond the Great Si Region and were extremely terrifying existences.

Many monks had entered the Sand Demon Cave, but only Kong Lun had left the deepest impression on Jian Wushuang.

This skinny figure seemed to be related to the group of monks from a long time ago.

'Could it be that he also came from the so-called Heaven-Reaching Buddhist Realm?' Jian Wushuang thought to himself and formed an Invisible Sword in his hand.

"Cough cough…"

The emaciated figure opened his mouth and spat out a large mouthful of divine blood, then collapsed on the ground.

It was only then that Jian Wushuang saw his face clearly. He was thin and skinny like an ascetic monk.

Their eyes met. The monk, who was already on the verge of death, suddenly used all his strength to get up and kneel down in front of him.

"Thank you… You're a good man for giving me freedom, and Xing Ge could not repay you..."

Jian Wushuang did not reply. He stared at him without relaxing. Finally, he said slowly, "Where did you come from? Why are you here?"

The monk who called himself Xing Ge coughed lightly and sat cross-legged on the white bone path. He put his palms together and said, "Since you asked, Xing Ge will tell you the reason."

"I'm a monk from the Heaven-Reaching Buddhist Realm. I'm an ascetic monk who travels in the myriad worlds and experience all kinds of suffering."

Jian Wushuang's divine thoughts were shaken when he heard this. Just as he had expected, the monk was from the Heaven-Reaching Buddhist Realm.

The monk named Xing Ge continued to talk to himself, "And the reason why I'm here is purely because of that battle."

"That was the battle to destroy the old era and build the new Heavenly Court. All the living beings died in that battle, and the Heavenly Regions that were subordinate to the old Heavenly Court also died."

"Not only did the Heavenly Regions fall, even the experts within died. However, the experts died, but the supreme experts were not killed."

"Those utmost powerful beings were all exiled to a place that has no form or form. As for that place, it's here."

Xing Ge said as he pointed at the ground with his skinny hand.

"I traveled to that place, which is the Great Si Region. I was unintentionally dragged into that war, and was eventually exiled here for various reasons."

When Jian Wushuang heard this, he asked again, "Then why did you become like that?"

When Xing Ge heard this, two lines of tears flowed out of his dry eyes. Finally, he said, "Greed. I relied on myself to get rid of the six desires, but I couldn't escape the control of greed in the end!"

"After I was exiled here, my mind was injured and then I was invaded by the Yan Immortals. It aroused the final greed in my heart and turned me into an evil Buddha. If it wasn't for the good people who came here and destroyed my evil body, I'm afraid I would be trapped here forever."

The short conversation came to an end and Jian Wushuang learned some secrets from Xing Ge's words.

These Grand Yan Immortals who were exiled to the Endless Sea were all supreme experts of the old Heavenly Court before Zhen Wuyang established his own Heavenly Court.

This was somewhat different from what Jian Wushuang had guessed. He thought that those who were exiled here were some extremely evil Grand Yan Immortals.

Xing Ge put his palms together, his dead eyes filled with relief.

"Thank you, Samaritan. Xing Ge has been freed, but before he is freed, I would like to give you something."

As he spoke, his skinny palm touched the string of ring beads around his neck, and then he took off the fist-sized ring bead in the middle.

In an instant, all the ring beads around his neck turned into nothingness. Only the one in his hand emitted a mysterious color.

Seeing such a ring bead, Jian Wushuang thought of something else.

In the Blood Sea of the Sand Demon Cave, he had visited Kong Lun, and Kong Lun had given him a Bead of Life.

"Samaritan, Xing Ge has nothing to repay you with, so I'll give this ring bead to you."

Jian Wushuang did not refuse. After pondering for a while, he reached out and took the bead from his hand.

The ring bead was warm and cool in his hand, and had a unique texture.

Then, Jian Wushuang said, "Do you know of an ascetic monk called Kong Lun?"

Xing Ge, who was about to die, opened his eyes wide when he heard this name. "K-Kong Lun?"

"My junior brother, his name is Kong Lun. Have you seen him before? Is he doing well?"

Jian Wushuang sighed in his heart and then said slowly, "We met once before. We sat together for a few days and hit it off. He was also an ascetic monk who measured the earth with his feet. However, I'm afraid he has passed away."

Xing Ge's entire body trembled, and two streams of tears flowed down his eyes again. He did not make any excessive moves.

A moment later, he said in a low voice, "Forget it, forget it. It's time for me to do so."

As the sound of his voice faded, the withered Immortal body disappeared into nothingness. Stars flowed out and eventually scattered on the white bone path. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

A Six Revolutions Grand Evolution Immortal died just like that.

Jian Wushuang was silent. He looked at the dark ring bead in his hand and threw it into the Boyang Bottle.

Xing Ge's death did not affect him too much. What he was thinking about now was how to quickly leave this white bone path.

This place was not as quiet as he had imagined, a Six Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal might just be the beginning.

The most mysterious existence of the white bone path was probably up ahead.