Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4954 A Battle With a Sword Immortal

It was simply unimaginable that he had practiced for an entire Hua Year just to unsheathe the sword!

One Hua Year was equivalent to ten universe cycles!

After ten universe cycles, he had only repeated something that even a three-year-old child could do. This kind of perseverance could not be described with any words.

Even Jian Wushuang could not imagine how stubborn he was about the Dao of the sword.

He had only cultivated for ten million years, so he was sincerely impressed by this old monster who could cultivate for a Hua Year.

Facing Yan Fan's question, Jian Wushuang could only shake his head with a bitter smile.

Then, he asked, "You are a Sword Immortal?"

Hearing this, Yan Fan raised his eyebrows and smiled. "Of course. Not only am I a Sword Immortal, but my wife is also a Sword Immortal."

A pair of Sword Companions, two Sword Immortals.

Jian Wushuang smiled bitterly. When he learned that these two were real Sword Immortals, he knew why Yan Fan had made the Pact of Three Swords Moves.

This was the meaning of stopping at a certain point.

Once one stepped into the realm of Sword Immortals, one would basically be an existence at the peak.

Ding Baiyi was the first Sword Immortal that Jian Wushuang knew. Jiang Li and Yan Fan were the other two Sword Immortals that he had met.

There was a fundamental difference between a Sword Immortal and a Swordsman. Jian Wushuang, who had not mastered the Wushuang Sword Doctrine, was not a Sword Immortal.

"Junior, show me your true ability. Let me take a good look and see if the younger generation is formidable," Yan Fan patted the hilt of his sword and said loudly.

At this moment, Jian Wushuang restrained his aura and his entire body was like a True Sword that was ready to be used.

The northern wind blew gently, causing a ripple to appear in the void.

In the next moment, he opened his eyes and a cold light shot out from them!

Selfless True Shadow, integration.

Wushuang Sword Dao, Star River Lake Ocean Sword Intent, first move.

Star.

The sword slashed out without any fancy moves, causing the entire void to tremble.

Yan Fan, who was still smiling, retracted his smile at this moment. His hand that was holding the hilt of his sword clenched tightly.

The incomparably violent Star-style Sword Intent shattered the void and devoured everything in front of it. The void along the way exploded into pillars of light!

This Sword Intent was too grand and magnificent, as if the world was being devoured.

Faced with this move, Yan Fan quietly drew a Snowflake longsword from the six longswords at his waist.

Then, he held the sword with both hands and cut a cross in front of his eyes.

The void was shattered.

In the next moment, the violent Star-style Sword Intent was cut into a cross, turning into four raging rivers that exploded in the void.

Yan Fan, who was in the middle, was completely unharmed. Even the corner of his clothes was not torn.

The violent Sword Intent wind blew his hair. Other than that, there was no other fluctuation.

When the Sword Intent completely dissipated, Jian Wushuang could not help but smile bitterly when he saw Yan Fan unharmed.

Could it be that even the Wushuang Sword Dao could not affect him at all?

Yan Fan drew his sword and sheathed it again. He smiled at Jian Wushuang.

"If my guess is correct, this sword move is the beginning of the previous sword move."

Jian Wushuang nodded. He was terrifying enough to be able to guess the connection between the Sword Intents.

Yan Fan continued, "Not bad. It's the first time I've seen such power as the beginning of a Sword Principle."

"You passed the first move. The next two moves will depend on your luck," he said. At this moment, the aura that was overflowing from his body was completely restrained!

The Snowflake Sword that he had sheathed was pulled out again and the tip of the sword that emitted a cold light was pointed at Jian Wushuang!

A sense of great danger surged from the bottom of his heart. He did not think and directly raised his Invisible Sword to deal with it.

At this moment, the originally somewhat broken void silently reflected an endless cold light.

The ripple-like sword screen covered the entire void.

This was the True Sword of a Sword Immortal!

This sword had killed the army of 100,000 Death Immortals.

Countless swords formed an endless sword screen.

If this move was completely executed, Jian Wushuang would definitely be severely injured.

Jian Wushuang's divine thoughts spun rapidly in the face of the sword screen.

When the sword curtain fell, the void could not withstand the surging Sword Intent and shattered.

The heroic woman who was watching from afar, Jiang Li, had a serious look on her face. Her hand was on the hilt of her sword as if she was ready to help.

Although she admired Jian Wushuang's amazing performance, Jiang Li did not think that Jian Wushuang could take the attack alone.

As a Sword Companion, she was absolutely convinced of how terrifying Yan Fan's sword strike was.

Therefore, Jiang Li was ready to help Jian Wushuang at any time.

The void was bright, and the sword curtain fell. The boundless Sword Intent was enough to easily destroy the Heavenly Dao.

Jian Wushuang, who was in the center, suddenly opened his eyes as he faced the endless sword curtain.

A green Sword Intent that was completely different from the previous Wushuang Sword Dao rose from under his feet. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

If the Wushuang Sword Dao represented magnificence and peerless will, then the green Sword Intent represented vitality, rebirth, and tenacity.

Even Yan Fan was confused. He could feel that this Sword Intent was completely different from Jian Wushuang's Sword Principle. It was a brand new Sword Intent.

"Could it be that this junior has comprehended another type of Sword Dao?!"

No one answered him. At this moment, Jian Wushuang was completely enveloped by the green Sword Intent.

The grass and leaves also rotated along with it, soft and tough.

Even his pupils had a lush green color.

Flowing Cloud Grass Sword Style.

The eighth move.

Cutting the Four Seasons.

When the Sword Principle reached its peak, anything could be used as a sword. A straw grass or a willow branch was enough to release Sword Intent.

Boundless Sword Intent turned into green leaves and leaves that rose up into the sky, as if spring was coming.

The entire Flowing Cloud Grass Sword Style, the first six moves were called Simple, and the last three forms were called Complex. It was in line with the principle of the Great Dao becoming Simple and from Simple to Complex.

The Cutting the Four Seasons was also the most terrifying sword move of the entire Flowing Cloud Grass Sword Style.

You can see the great path in the small world.

Boundless verdant grass transformed into a 30,000-meter-long sword, standing tall in the sword curtain that was pressing down.

The two collided, creating the most terrifying scene.

The Grass Sword formed by the green Sword Intent began to shatter under the pressure of the sword curtain!

The sword curtain collapsed and the Grass Sword shattered, causing the entire battlefield of bones to tremble.

Looking at the Grass Sword that was about to shatter, Jian Wushuang's calm face did not change at all. It was as if he was not worried at all.

Jiang Li also rushed over at this moment. She looked anxious and was ready to stop the tragedy.

At the same time, she looked angry. She looked at Yan Fan and could not help but reprimand him, "You brat, don't you know how to restrain yourself?"