Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4959 Caught in a Bloody Battle

With the combined might of 50 Three Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals, the inescapable net released was unprecedentedly powerful!

At this moment, the Heavenly Continent Plane below him began to tremble as if it could shatter at any time.

Jian Wushuang was trapped in this inescapable net and there was no possibility of escaping.

He had no intention of escaping, and a bloodthirsty scarlet appeared in the depths of his deep pupils.

A thick chain of inescapable nets instantly wrapped around him, and a terrifying power spread out.

The arm-thick lightning snakes surged and quickly consumed the Yan power of Jian Wushuang's Immortal body.

The leader of the black-robed envoys saw that he had been bound and hurriedly shouted, "Take him away!"

In an instant, more than 50 black-robed envoys moved. Each of them had a derivation chain in their hands, ready to dash forward.

However, something unexpected happened.

The combined power of 50 Grand Yan Immortals failed to drag Jian Wushuang!

He stood still, like a terrifying divine mountain that covered the sky and earth. Even if dozens of energy chains left deep marks on his Immortal body, they could not drag him away.

The black-robed emissaries who saw this scene were shocked. One had to know that this was the power of more than 50 Grand Yan Immortals!

They could not even control a puny little Yan Immortal?!

"Rise for me!"

The leader of the black-robed envoys shouted angrily. The energy chain in his hand was almost tightened into a straight line.

The rest of the black-robed envoys followed suit and tightened the chains.

If this strange scene was seen by outsiders, they would definitely be incomparably shocked.

The situation that was originally without suspense had actually fallen into a contest of strength.

Jian Wushuang did not move an inch, even though the chains on his immortal body were stretched to the limit.

Strands of scarlet light came out of his body. The Slaughter Dao had already covered his body.

At this moment, the Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens also emitted a sky-blue light, protecting his Immortal body from any damage.

With the Selfless Shadow and the Slaughter Dao on him, Jian Wushuang was completely enraged. He raised his arms and smashed down fiercely at the chains around him.

Boom!

An extremely dull sound rang out as nearly 20 chains were shattered by this attack.

More than 20 black-robed envoys quickly retreated a thousand feet.

Jian Wushuang's body became lighter. He continued to swing his arms like this and smashed all the remaining Yan power chains that were wrapped around his Immortal body!

All the black-robed envoys retreated a thousand feet and then attacked again.

Jian Wushuang, whose eyes were stained with Blood Qi, directly met the attack. While taking into account his strength, his figure was like a ghost, making it impossible for the black-robed envoys to figure him out.

The black-robed envoys who rushed forward first felt a bloody shadow flash in front of them. Then, without any warning, they all spat out a mouthful of sticky divine blood!

Their chests had all caved in at this moment, almost shattering!

Jian Wushuang threw dozens of punches at an unimaginable speed. Each of the black-robed envoys who rushed forward suffered at least two punches and their Immortal bodies were almost shattered.

After repelling several black-robed envoys in an instant, Jian Wushuang suddenly condensed an invisible sword and slashed down heavily.

Wushuang Sword Dao, Star River Lake Ocean Sword Intent, first move.

Star.

Clang!

An incomparably clear sword hum erupted with a huge brilliance at this moment.

The entire sky within a radius of 100,000 miles trembled under this sword strike.

A sword slashed out, causing the momentum emitted by the Grand Yan Immortal to dim down.

Bang!

Millions of Sword Intents exploded, tearing apart a large part of the sky along the way. Then, thousands of light pillars exploded in the middle of the black-robed emissary. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

With the Selfless True Shadow and the Slaughter Dao, Jian Wushuang rarely used Sword Principle because the uncontrollable factors were too much of a burden.

The Star River Lake Ocean Sword Intent almost instantly consumed more than half of the Yan power that supported his Immortal body.

At the same time, cracks appeared on the Undying and Imperishable Immortal Body.

Jian Wushuang's right arm, which was holding the sword, had started to crack and was dripping with divine blood.

The Selfless Ture Shadow and the Slaughter Dao consumed too much Yan power. As a result, Jian Wushuang had to rely on the power of the Emperor-grade pill after releasing the first Sword Intent.

He quickly stuffed several pills into his mouth and quickly recovered.

Under this sword, a hole was forcefully cut open in the encirclement. Several black-robed envoys could not dodge in time and their Immortal Sources were destroyed, resulting in tragic deaths!

The power of a single sword strike was so terrifying!

However, this sword did not destroy the faith of these black-robed envoys. After a moment, they charged forward again like crazy.

At this moment, all kinds of magnificent and dazzling Immortal Styles and supreme treasures were thrown at Jian Wushuang.

For a moment, the world was filled with magnificence.

Even if Jian Wushuang could fight ten people alone, he could only choose to fight against the various immortal moves and supreme treasures.

Different sizes of explosions exploded at this moment.

The full-strength attack of more than 40 Grand Yan Immortals was too terrifying. As Jian Wushuang's figure dissipated, the continent plate was shattered for a million miles!

What was certain was that if they went all out, the Heavenly Continent Plane formed by the remains of the Yan Immortal would definitely collapse!

Looking at the center of the huge explosion that had turned the sky into dust and ashes, all the black-robed envoys unconsciously heaved a sigh of relief.

This guy was merely a Yan Immortal, the pressure he gave them was too terrifying.

With a wave of his hand, he could severely injure or even kill a Three Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal, what kind of terrifying strength was this?

Fortunately, he had fallen.

All the black-robed envoys were certain that no Yan Immortal could survive this attack.

As the sky fell, the leader of the black-robed envoys did not relax. His gaze was still solemn.

He had an unimaginable premonition that Jian Wushuang would not die!

As if to confirm his thoughts, when the unparalleled explosion dissipated and all the black-robed envoys withdrew their treasures, a figure that was still standing in the void appeared.

At this moment, all the black-robed envoys subconsciously took a step back in horror.

"Cough cough…"

A large mouthful of divine blood spurted out of his mouth and then scattered into the sky.

At this moment, his aura was extremely dispirited. The Selfless True Shadow and the Slaughter Dao were all shattered!

Even though it was Jian Wushuang's strongest trump card, it could not hold on and was shattered by the attacks of more than 40 black-robed envoys.

If it wasn't for the protection of the Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens, even the Undying Immortal Body would have shattered and died on the spot.

The Mystic Garb was as thin as a cicada's wing and was still emitting a brilliant blue light. It was not injured at all under this terrifying impact and was still intact.

Jian Wushuang's Immortal body was on the verge of destruction. If he used his Yan power forcefully, his meridians would be damaged unpredictably.