Chapter 4964 The Change of the Black Bead

Under this majestic and furious roar, all the black-robed envoys stopped their movements for a moment.

Time seemed to slow down.

Bian Ziyuan only felt the divine blood flowing in his Immortal body freeze.

The air dropped to freezing point, and everything was filled with dead silence and coldness.

Then, layers of ripples appeared in the void.

Immediately after, thousands of white Sword Intents spread out like a blooming lotus.

At the center of the Sword Intent, two figures stood.

There was a man and a woman. The middle-aged man had a clean face and no beard. He was extraordinary and his long hair danced in the wind.

The heroic spirit that the woman exuded was enough to overshadow her beauty. Her black-gold long robe perfectly accentuated her figure, making her look extremely mysterious.

Each of them had six long swords at their waists, and they were filled with an imposing manner that could not be looked at directly.

What flowed around them was not Yan power, but extremely pure Sword Intent.

The entire shattered void seemed to have fallen silent at this moment. All the black-robed envoys subconsciously looked at the two uninvited guests.

Cold sweat flowed down Bian Ziyuan's temples. The terror of life and death that surged out of his heart was brought about by these two.

Jian Wushuang, who was trapped in the center by the black-robed envoy, was already at the end of his rope and his Immortal body could be destroyed at any time. After looking at the two figures, he finally revealed a bitter smile.

Yan Fan raised his eyebrows and smiled, then he was completely furious.

"You dare to hurt my disciple? Are you tired of living?"

Sensing that the coldness around him had completely disappeared, a black-robed emissary was dissatisfied with his arrogant words and actually directly suppressed him!

"Clown." Yan Fan sneered and looked at the black-robed envoy who was about to rush over. He did not even bother to draw his sword.

In the next moment, a subtle Sword Intent burst out from the lotus throne under Yan Fan's feet and slashed forward diagonally.

A shocking scene appeared. The Immortal body of the black-robed envoy, who was running at high speed, instantly shattered and scattered miserably in the void. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

It was as if nothing had happened. It was deathly silent.

"Good Disciple, leave the rest to me!"

With a step forward, thousands of Sword Intents swept across the wilderness.

Yan Fan laughed and flew toward Jian Wushuang with Jiang Li.

Bian Ziyuan shouted in disbelief, "Stop them! Kill them all! Leave no one alive!"

As the order was issued, more than 200 black-robed envoys surrounded Jiang Li and Yan Fan crazily.

Faced with this terrifying power that blotted out the sky and covered the earth, the two true Sword Immortals smiled quietly as if they were looking down on him.

In the next moment, the void was completely replaced by a diamond-shaped light screen.

The endless sword curtain slashed down.

The sword curtain was a sword move that could easily kill 100,000 Death Immortals under the Blood Sea. It was a sword move that Jian Wushuang had to deal with with with all his strength.

As for the fate of these black-robed envoys, it was completely confirmed when the two Sword Immortals appeared.

The sword curtain fell silently. Everything was set in stone.

All the black-robed envoys, who were ready to fight with all their might, felt their eyes suddenly light up, and then their heads spun.

All of them, without exception!

More than 200 black-robed envoys were directly killed!

It was only an instant. Even the Immortal body's bones turned into debris and scattered in the void, turning into stars.

"Disciple, we aren't too late, right?" Yan Fan and Jiang Li landed in front of Jian Wushuang and said with a smile.

Jian Wushuang's face was pale. He cupped his hands and said, "Thank you for coming to help, Seniors. I am very grateful."

Yan Fan reached out and put his hand down.

"There's no need for thanks between us," he said in a serious tone.

Jian Wushuang smiled bitterly. "Actually, you didn't have to take the risk."

Hearing that, Yan Fan immediately patted his chest and said, "If a master can't even protect his disciple, he might as well die. Besides, Disciple is trapped by this group of salted fish."

"..."

Only these two Sword Immortals would dare to call hundreds of Three Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals salted fish.

"Disciple," Jiang Li, who rarely spoke, said in an extremely domineering manner. "If anyone else wants to kill you, let us take care of them. We don't want any trouble."

Jian Wushuang did not say anything. Instead, he looked ahead subconsciously.

Bian Ziyuan, who was not affected by the sword curtain, saw Jian Wushuang looking at him. He almost lost his balance and fell into the void.

Bian Ziyuan was still in a daze from the terrifying scene just now. More than 200 black-robed envoys, which was more than 200 Three Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals, had all died strangely. Even a Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal would not be able to do such a thing!

But now, it all happened.

All of them died in an instant. All of the Heavenly Palace's resources had disappeared completely.

Without anything to rely on, his face turned pale.

"Eh, I actually let a guy go. Then I'll take care of him," Yan Fan said in a low voice. His palm had already quietly placed on the hilt of his sword at his waist.

A Six Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal did not seem to be worthy of him drawing his sword, but in order to end the battle quickly, Yan Fan drew a Snowflake Sword.

The void directly plummeted to the freezing point. Even though he was thousands of feet away, Bian Ziyuan still felt his blood freeze.

He was absolutely certain that he would not be able to block this sword strike!

Therefore, he made a prompt decision. Almost at the same time as Yan Fan drew his sword, he tore open a bloody wound on his chest with his fingers!

Divine blood gushed out from the bloody wound on his chest and dripped into the void.

In the next moment, the originally dead and broken Heavenly Continent suddenly surged with all kinds of extremely powerful Yan power.

Then, figures rose from the Heavenly Continent Plane like flowing lights and came to Bian Ziyuan's side.

In just a few dozen breaths, hundreds of Grand Yan Immortals had gathered. Moreover, there was an endless stream of Grand Yan Immortals flying up from the Heavenly Continent Plane.

They were all extremely thirsty for blood, and they surrounded Bian Ziyuan with bloodshot eyes.

Bian Ziyuan took a few steps back and pointed in Jian Wushuang's direction. He said fiercely, "As long as you capture the three of them, I can supply you with my blood, including the blood of the Prince. What are you waiting for? Let's attack together."

All the bloodthirsty Grand Yan Immortals went crazy and rushed toward Jian Wushuang without any hesitation.

Yan Fan smiled with pity. All living beings were equal under his sword.

However, at this moment, Jian Wushuang, who was fully focused, felt a burning sensation in his chest.

Then, before he could react, a pitch-black bead seemed to have sensed something and flew out of his arms into the void.

Jian Wushuang saw the Black Bead clearly. It was the Black Bead he found in the Black Abyss Prison in the First Heaven of the Lower Three Heavens.