Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4969 Old Friend

Then, she said, "Why are you here?"

The black-haired and white-robed man continued, "It's been too long. I don't want to continue sleeping, so I came here with an old friend."

Jiang Li sneered. "You're really free and elegant!"

"How have you been?" the black-haired and white-robed man immediately asked.

"Not much, move aside, I'm going to flatten this place!" Jiang Li said in a deep voice.

At this moment, Yan Fan also ran over hurriedly. He coughed on purpose and then said in a low voice, "Darling, you won't be angry. Let's go quickly."

The black-haired man and the white-robed man laughed and said to him, "Brother Yan, since you're already here, come in and have a seat. It's been many years since we last had a good chat together."

Yan Fan quickly refused. "That's not necessary. We'll go back and sleep. We won't disturb you."

Then, he pulled Jiang Li away.

At this moment, a light and charming voice came from the Immortal Palace. "You're leaving in such a hurry. You haven't done anything wrong. Why don't you dare to come to my place?"

Jiang Li glanced at Yan Fan who was about to run away.

Yan Fan's body trembled. Then, he turned around slowly and said righteously, "I've never done anything wrong. It's just that I'm tired today, so I won't bother you."

Jiang Li did noot want to listen to his nonsense, so she dragged him into the palace.

Yan Fan's face was ashen. He shouted at Jian Wushuang, "Disciple, come and save me."

...

Jian Wushuang shook his head helplessly and walked into the Immortal Palace.

The Immortal Palace was vast and vast. A faint fragrance assaulted their senses, giving them an indescribable sense of comfort.

Moreover, under this fragrance, the energy in his meridians was recovering at an extremely slow speed.

Walking at the back, Jian Wushuang saw everything in the Immortal Palace.

The Immortal Palace was simple and elegant. Everything piled up and had little decoration, but it did not seem empty.

Tiny stars and palm-sized moons decorated every corner of the space, making the entire Immortal Palace look like a flowing galaxy.

Under the guidance of the black-haired man and the white-clothed man, Jiang Li walked up angrily.

At this moment, Jian Wushuang heard whispers coming from behind him.

"How strange, there's actually a puny little Yan Immortal here, should we chase him out?"

"What are you talking about? Don't you see that they have a special relationship with us Immortal Lords?"

"Shut up, all of you. Don't you think what happened just now was embarrassing enough? If anyone dares to talk, don't blame me for being rude!"

After being scolded by the man in white, the people who were killed by Jiang Li stayed aside and did not dare to say anything.

Jian Wushuang smiled and did not take their words to heart. In the Endless Sea, one's strength was far more important than words.

As they entered, clouds began to float in the depths of the Immortal Palace.

An extremely beautiful woman appeared along with the misty clouds.

Unlike Jiang Li's domineering aura, this extremely beautiful woman had gentle eyes and was indescribably gentle and charming.

Even Jian Wushuang had rarely seen such a beautiful and gentle woman. She was like a full moon that was hazy.

Moreover, she was hugging a long-haired rabbit in her arms, which added a little softness and charm to her.

Seeing this scene, Yan Fan's expression was extremely unnatural, but he still forced a smile.

Then, all the white-robed people in the Immortal palace cupped their hands and bowed. "Greetings, Vast Moon Immortal Lord."

The beautiful woman called Vast Moon Immortal Lord smiled and stretched out her hand to conjure thousands of clouds to lift them up.

Then, she looked around and finally landed on Jiang Li and Yan Fan.

"It's been a long time since we last met."

Jiang Li did not buy it. She stepped forward and said coldly, "Why are you blocking our way? If you don't explain yourself today, I'll flatten your palace."

Facing her threat, Vast Moon Immortal Lord could not help but chuckle. "Sister Jiang Li, you're still as irritable as before."

Creak…

Jiang Li clenched the sword hilt on her waist as if she could draw it at any moment.

"Darling, please calm down…" Yan Fan said in a low voice, his body trembling slightly.

Vast Moon Immortal Lord smiled again. "However, in my opinion, only you can win over Big Brother Yan's heart."

Hearing that, Jiang Li's expression softened and she let go of her sword.

At this moment, Yan Fan hurriedly said, "Well, this is all a misunderstanding. Now that the misunderstanding has been resolved, we won't stay here for too long."

"What's the hurry? It's been so long since we last met. Don't you want to sit down and catch up? Sit down!" Jiang Li sneered.

Then, no matter how much Yan Fan resisted, Jiang Li pressed him down in front of the desk.

Jian Wushuang sat down as well and Jiang Li forced him to sit between them.

The handsome middle-aged man with black hair and white clothes sat next to Jiang Li. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

When they were all seated, Vast Moon Immortal Lord sat down as well, unable to conceal the joy in her eyes.

"The last time we parted, we were still nameless cultivators. Now that we've met again, we've been separated for many years, and everything has changed."

Vast Moon Immortal Lord sighed with emotion. Although his expression was extremely calm, a faint blush had already appeared on his face.

She let go of the little bunny in her arms and clapped her hands lightly. Then, two rows of fairies holding exquisite silver flasks walked over on the clouds and placed them down in front of them.

"This is the moon dew that I left behind after we parted. Now, it's finally time for us to meet again."

Jian Wushuang looked over and the silver pot automatically poured out a cup of wine. Immediately, a strong fragrance spread out.

Even though he was not good at drinking, he could not help but swallow.

There was no other reason than that the moon dew was too fragrant.

When Yan Fan saw the moon dew in front of him, he almost spat out his saliva uncontrollably.

Then, ignoring Jiang Li's burning eyes, he picked up his glass and drank.

"Let's drink together. You know the moon dew of the Vast Moon Brew." The black-haired man in white smiled and poured a cup for Jiang Li.

"Humph!" Jiang Li snorted. She did not touch the glass but picked up the wine pot and started drinking.

The wine line emitted a strange fragrance in the air. Jian Wushuang, the black-haired man, and the white-robed man did not know whether to laugh or cry when they saw Jiang Li's bold and unrestrained manner. Then, they picked up their wine glasses and took a sip.