Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4979 Stealing the Dao Fruit

However, no matter how furious his voice sounded, it was still swallowed by the thunderous roar!

Rumble!

Amidst the billions of feet of dust, the Heaven Gate Sea Curtain crashed down.

In the next moment, the terrifying scene that he had expected did not appear.

The moment the Heaven Gate Sea Curtain that was hundreds of millions of feet tall smashed down, it disappeared.

Everything was like a mirage, like a dream, as if nothing had happened.

Only the mist that was formed by the dust waves gushed over, filled with the aura of death and desolation.

Jian Wushuang put down his palm and looked ahead.

The sea was calm and dead silent. The terrifying scene from before was no longer there.

"Damn it, it's actually an illusion?" Yan Fan said in a deep voice, his eyes cold.

"What?" Jiang Li's face was solemn. The two Sword Immortals were also confused by the illusion.

Jian Wushuang looked back at the ship.

However, other than the three of them, there was no one else on the ship.

The sloppy old man, Jiang Youxing, had disappeared without a trace. It was as if he had never appeared.

"Damned old thing, he triggered this illusion!" Yan Fan said hatefully. "I've long sensed that something was wrong with him."

Jian Wushuang was puzzled. "But why did he do that? Why was he willing to take the risk?"

"What's wrong?" Jiang Li seemed to remember something, and his face changed. "Look at your stuff. Is there anything missing?!"

Jian Wushuang was stunned. Then, he subconsciously touched his waist. The Boyang Bottle, which contained the three Emperor's True Shadows, was still there.

Not only was the Boyang Bototle still there, but the golden jade ring and the other treasures were also there. They were all lying quietly in his arms.

"Everything is still here. What is this guy planning?" Jian Wushuang murmured in a low voice. Suddenly, he thought of something and hurriedly touched his chest again.

A moment later, he smiled bitterly and shook his head. "The Fate Energy Dao Fruit is gone. It must have been taken away by that old fellow."

"W-what? The Dao Fruit was stolen?" Yan Fan's eyes widened. "I want this old thing's life!"

Jian Wushuang stopped him, "This guy's whereabouts are strange. Obviously, he had already set his eyes on the Dao Fruit on me. That's why he set up such an illusion to lure us into the trap."

"If we chase after him and get confused by the illusion again, we'll lose a lot. It's fine if a mere Fate Energy Dao Fruit is gone. I have other ways."

Yan Fan gritted his teeth secretly. "That may be the case, but I've been tricked by this old thing. It's really damaging to my dignity as a Sword Immortal. If I find him, I'll grind his bones into ashes!"

As he spoke, he punched the edge of the True Treasure Ship again.

With a ripping sound, the hull of the ship was torn apart.

"Damn it, this boat is actually made of paper?!"

Yan Fan left the paper boat in a somewhat disheveled manner. He was so embarrassed and angry that he almost wanted to turn the entire sea upside down and capture the sloppy old man.

Jian Wushuang, who was tricked by the sloppy old man's illusion, was extremely depressed. It was a great loss to have a Fate Energy Dao Fruit stolen.

Everything that had happened was ultimately because he had trusted the Grand Yan Immortal in the Endless Sea too much.

No matter what, Jiang Youxing had taught him a lesson.

After calming down, the three of them once again rushed forward. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Not long after, a Heavenly Continent Plane that was also constructed from the remains of the Yan Immortals appeared.

This Heavenly Continent was much smaller than the previous Heavenly Continent, but it was different from the other barren Heavenly Continent Planes. There was an Immortal Tree growing on the land here.

The Immortal Trees that were as dense as a forest emitted a strange and calm aura.

"How is it? Do you want to go in and take a look?" Yan Fan asked.

Jian Wushuang nodded without any hesitation, "There aren't many land planes in the Endless Sea. It's very likely that my friend is here."

Jiang Li and Yan Fan nodded at the same time, and then they flew into the sky.

Screech-

A crisp cry rang out from the dense forest of Immortal Trees. Then, an Immortal Bird that was thousands of feet tall rushed out of the dense forest and opened its huge beak to swallow Jian Wushuang.

The result was obvious. The huge bird's head was almost torn in half by Yan Fan.

"Have you ever seen a Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal with scarlet-golden eyes and nine colorful feathers in his hair?"

Jian Wushuang lay in front of the dying Immortal Bird and asked carefully.

However, what he received was an extremely terrified shake of its head.

"Let's go. We'll continue to move forward and take a look. Perhaps we can find some clues," he said helplessly.

Then, in the following period of time, this Heavenly Continent plane was almost turned upside down.

All the Grand Yan Immortals, as well as all kinds of Immortal Birds and Immortal Beasts were beaten up. After that, they were questioned before they were allowed to leave.

Jian Wushuang and the others did not feel tired at all. Instead, they were enjoying themselves.

It was not until a magnificent light enveloped the entire sky above the Heavenly Continent that they finally stopped.

Immediately after, a voice that could not suppress its anger resounded throughout the wilderness.

"Enough, all of you stop! I've already tolerated you for a long time. You've injured my subordinates time and time again. Do you really think I'm made of mud?!"

As the voice filled with resentment fell, the huge and dense Immortal Trees were all suddenly swept away, and then a figure with wings on his back arrived.

Behind this figure, there were dozens of figures. Each of them emitted a terrifying energy fluctuation.

They were all Grand Yan Immortals!

The figure with the huge wings on her back was a woman with a beautiful and exquisite face.

Their eyes met and Jian Wushuang and Yan Fan looked away awkwardly.

There was no other reason than that this woman's figure was too explosive. Moreover, only the important parts were covered by feathers, and her beautiful figure was enough to be seen at a glance.

"Hmph!" Jiang Li snorted and looked straight into her eyes. "Get out of the way."

The woman was stunned and immediately said angrily, "You actually want me to move aside? Do you know who developed this domain? I am the supreme ruler here. Not only did you hurt my subordinates, but you actually dare to speak rudely now? Are you courting death?"

Jiang Li's face turned cold. She grabbed the hilt of her sword and prepared to strike.

Yan Fan hurriedly stopped her and looked at Jian Wushuang. "Disciple, ask quickly."

Jian Wushuang understood and immediately asked, "No offense. We came here to find a friend. Have you seen a Grand Yan Immortal with golden eyes and nine colorful feathers in his hair?"

"Why should I tell you?" the woman with the wings on her back said coldly. "As for you guys, you have to give me an explanation first. Otherwise, there will be no peace!"