Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4984 Wushuang Sword Strike

He felt an extremely familiar aura.

That aura belonged to Jian Wushuang!

The celestial river was majestic and boundless.

The Sword Dao celestial river formed by the millions of Sword Intents descended and swallowed dozens of Grand Yan Immortals almost instantly.

Cracks began to appear on the walls of the entire City of Exile.

Di Qing laughed loudly as he watched the celestial river of swordsmanship that brought the mountains and seas crashing down on him. Then, he closed his eyes.

"Damn it!" The black-robed figure was unable to withstand the Sword Intent head-on and hurriedly fled.

Rumble… Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Everything was destroyed.

This explosion that covered almost the entire territory lasted for a long time. It was only when all the light disappeared that the river of Sword Dao completely dissipated.

Under this sword, more than 20 Grand Yan Immortals who could not dodge in time perished. The rest of the Grand Yan Immortals who dodged all hid in the corners and looked around in horror.

The ground was plowed open, turning everything into scorched earth.

Di Qing slowly opened his eyes as he felt the river of Sword Intent around him dissipate. Then, his pupils constricted.

In front of him stood a figure completely wrapped in a black robe, flowing with endless Sword Intent.

Then, the figure reached out and slowly pulled open his black hood, revealing a handsome face that he had not seen in a long time.

"Wu-Wushuang…!"

Di Qing's emotions had already reached an extreme level. He had never thought that he would meet an old friend in the Endless Sea.

At this moment, Jian Wushuang smiled as if he had been relieved of a heavy burden. He said, "I've finally found you."

Di Qing did not say anything. He felt a different emotion rising from the bottom of his heart. This emotion had never appeared before. Finally, he said, "You shouldn't have entered the Endless Sea. It's too dangerous here."

"I still have to come even if it's dangerous, because you're still here." He slightly raised his eyebrows and the sword in his hand directly shattered all the Yan power chains.

Then, Jian Wushuang quickly stepped forward and stuffed several Emperor-grade pills into Di Qing's mouth.

When the pills entered his mouth, they directly saved his true life that was about to die!

"Thank you so much!" Di Qing said solemnly.

"No need to thank me. The most important thing now is to leave this place," Jian Wushuang said and turned around.

Nearly 20 ghostly black-robed figures had already rushed over. At the same time, they were surrounded by the Grand Yan Immortal from all directions.

"Wushuang, you go first, I will stop them."

Di Qing, who had recovered from his weakness, regained his previous cold demeanor. An invisible force quietly spread out again.

Jian Wushuang smiled and said, "We don't need to move. They can't hurt us. "

Di Qing was startled, not quite understanding what he meant.

Although Jian Wushuang was extremely strong, he was still not strong enough to deal with 100 Grand Yan Immortals.

"Stay!"

The black-robed figure said in a muffled voice. At the same time, he waved his hand and dozens of Grand Yan Immortals rushed forward.

Jian Wushuang stood in front of Di Qing and did not even take a step back. He looked ahead calmly.

He seemed to be waiting for something until a strange ripple appeared in the void.

Three large black robes appeared quietly and stood in front of Jian Wushuang.

The leader, a thin man in a black robe, raised his hand and pointed.

In an instant, it was as if the mountains and seas were about to collapse. Endless energy poured out from his fingertips.

Under this special fluctuation, the space was directly torn apart. Even the dozens of Grand Yan Immortals who were about to rush forward were turned into ashes.

Di Qing's eyes widened to the maximum!

Killing dozens of Three Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals with one finger so easily, how was this possible?!

What shocked him even more was that the endless energy released by the black-robed figure was Sword Intent!

He destroyed the enemy with a single finger, and he was utterly defeated!

The remaining 30 Grand Yan Immortals had never seen such a scene before. After surviving, they did not even have the mood to fight. All of them were fleeing frantically.

The black-robed figure standing in front of Jian Wushuang did not seem to have any intention of killing these Grand Yan Immortals. He turned around and looked at Jian Wushuang and Di Qing.

"Is this the friend you've been looking for?"

Jian Wushuang nodded with a smile, "Yes."

After being stared at by that pure gaze for a moment, Di Qing felt that the divine blood flowing in his Immortal body was starting to turn cold.

He had only felt this feeling from Yu Chang, who was beside Zhen Wuyang.

Yan Fan, who was under the black robe, smiled when he heard this. "That's right, a Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal. Judging from his performance just now, he's a powerful character."

Di Qing was stunned. With just a glance, he could see the realm that he had deliberately hidden. This was enough to show that the black-robed figure was unfathomable.

"Don't just stand there. Leave quickly to avoid any trouble." Jiang Li reminded him in a low voice.

Yan Fan nodded and released a Sword Intent barrier to cover their bodies before preparing to leave.

Then, another black-robed figure pushed Jian Wushuang aside and came to Di Qing's side.

Di Qing was very puzzled. It was only when the black-robed figure pulled off his hood that he was shocked.

"Why, why is it you?!"

Immortal Lord Fu Yao's face turned slightly red when she heard this. Then, she said, "W-why? Can't it be me? I came to save you, but you don't appreciate it. If I had known earlier, I wouldn't have come..."

He quickly looked at Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang shrugged his shoulders with a subtle smile in his eyes.

Di Qing was helpless. He had always kept a respectful distance from this passionate Immortal Lord Fu Yao, who wanted to merge their ancestral veins on their first meeting.

As a result, he quickly left as soon as his injuries recovered.

He never thought that they would meet again here.

"Many, many thanks." Di Qing forced a smile and said with an unnatural expression.

When Immortal Lord Fu Yao heard this, she immediately smiled. "At least you're tactful. I'll take you away."

As she spoke, she hugged Di Qing's arm and prepared to leave together.

The only exit of this magnificent City of Exile was above their heads. They could only leave by tearing open the light barrier.

All the surviving Grand Yan Immortals gathered together and flew towards the exit.

Jian Wushuang and the others followed closely behind, wanting to leave as soon as possible.

However, in the next moment, the light curtain barrier that was torn apart by Jian Wushuang's sword suddenly closed!

As the light barrier closed, countless threads of dark blue light radiated on the light barrier like a spider web, gradually constructing a large array!

As the four array cores of the array landed, a suction force that was like maggots in the bones descended and enveloped the entire City of Exile.

The first to feel the change was the Grand Yan Immortal closest to the exit.

Almost in an instant, their Immortal bodies began to wither and age, and strands of pure white light rose from their bodies.