Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4989 The Battle of Emperor-To-Be

He was determined. Even if he was facing Black Cloud who controlled the Emperor's Heavenly Dao, he would still move forward resolutely.

An Invisible Sword condensed in his hand. The tip of the sword pointed diagonally at the eternal void.

Jiang Li stood up behind him. Although she was injured by the Emperor's fate energy, she was not seriously hurt at all.

She quickly took out half an Emperor-grade pill from her bosom and stuffed it into her mouth. In an instant, she recovered more than half of her injuries.

The domineering effect of the Emperor-grade pill benefited Jiang Li, who was a Nine Revolutions Grand Immortal and a Sword Immortal.

One had to know that these Emperor-grade pills were hidden by Emperor Liu Ya when he was alive. They were supreme treasures that could only be seen but could not be reached. The medicinal effects of each pill were extremely terrifying.

Therefore, Jiang Li did not want to eat the whole Emperor-grade pill, so she just divided one into two and ate it.

This was despite Jian Wushuang giving her a few just now.

Only Jian Wushuang could be so extravagant and eat more than ten pills at once.

Looking at the figure standing in front of him without backing down, Black Cloud only felt that it was funny, and then he was completely furious.

Since when did a Yan Immortal dare to go against him?!

"A dust-like fellow dares to confront me?" Black Cloud roared angrily, and a monstrous chaotic aura surged up like a huge river.

At this moment, Jian Wushuang's eyes were solemn.

He was only at the peak of the Yan Immortal stage, even if he could kill rank three or even Six Revolutions grand evolution Immortals.

However, it was different now, his opponent was a Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal who could control the Emperor's fate energy.

This was almost an entire major cultivation realm, and it was against the fate energy of an Emperor.

This was something unimaginable and impossible.

Even if Jian Wushuang carried the three Daos, there was no way he could fight against Black Cloud.

Only Sword Immortal Jiang Li could fight Black Cloud!

Under the powerful effects of the Emperor-grade Pill, she had already recovered 90 percent and she quietly stood in front of Jian Wushuang.

The six swords flew out together and turned into a long rainbow that swept out. It enveloped the chaotic aura that was crazily devouring the rainbow Sword Intent and continuously strangled it.

"Hurry up and leave!" Jiang Li turned around and said in a deep voice, "Don't do anything useless. Remember, you can't die no matter what because you haven't learned our Sword Principle yet."

Jian Wushuang's heart skipped a beat. Jiang Li had completely taken him as her disciple by teaching him the Origin Sword Principle.

"I'm afraid I can't help you comprehend my Sword Principle anymore, but Yan Fan will know what to do. You must study it well."

She smiled slightly, as heroic and arrogant as when they first met.

The next moment, Jiang Li turned around and rushed into the chaotic aura.

There was no chance of survival.

The fate energy of the Emperor represented absolute control. Under that control, even Sword Immortals of the same cultivation realm could only die.

Jiang Li's departure gave Jian Wushuang a chance to leave alive.

He stood where he was, and there was only loneliness in his eyes.

Majestic divine patterns rose from the tips of his hair and then scattered into the void.

The belt that tied her long hair fell off, and her long hair with a faint dark gold aura fluttered in the air.

At this moment, the Selfless True Shadow appeared.

The Dao of Protection that represented the Cosmos God, the Dao of Slaughter that represented the Karma of Slaughter, and the Wushuang Sword Dao that contained the Star River Lake Sea Sword Intent were all activated to him.

Three Daos in one body!

This was a magnificent scene. In the pale eternal void, the fate energy of the Great Dao bloomed.

The Selfless True Shadow, which was as tall as the eternal void, put its palms together and closed its eyes. An endless stream of fate energy was circulating.

Jian Wushuang stood in the void and a seven-star galaxy between his eyebrows shone brightly.

The light of the Invisible Sword in his hand had never been so magnificent before. The fate of the three Great Daos all returned to the blade, releasing endless power.

Facing the chaotic aura that could even destroy the eternal void, Jian Wushuang drew his sword and rose.

At this moment, even if he had to die, he would not regret it.

With the Selfless True Shadow and the support of three Great Dao fate energy, it was enough to easily kill a Six Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal.

And on top of these foundations, what would happen if he released the Lake-Style Sword Intent?

The Lake-Style Sword Intent was the strongest sword move of the Star River Lake Sea Sword Intent.

It was an unimaginable sword move. Even Jian Wushuang could not believe it.

As long as this sword move was unleashed, it would defy fate itself.

This was a sword move that even an Emperor could not block!

Wushuang Sword Dao, Star River Lake Sea Sword Intent, third move.

Lake.

This was Jian Wushuang's strongest attack, and even his Sword Intent was the strongest.

In the eternal pale void, a huge door appeared. It was the door of providence.

It was so grand that even the moon, stars, and Heavenly Region Planes were just a drop in the ocean.

Words could not describe the magnificence of the Heavenly Gate, but it truly existed, making those who heard it feel incomparably small.

The light gold, dark red, and sky blue colors intertwined to form a supreme providence that turned into a quiet lake and flowed out of the giant door.

The pale eternal void was tainted at this moment.

Within the providence lake, the Blue Moon Star and the Giant Sun Planet were being born. The fate energy they gave birth to had all returned to one.

Inside the giant door, the Selfless True Shadow quietly opened its eyes.

His eyes seemed to contain the universe, and all origins were being born.

Then, the Selfless True Shadow shed tears.

A drop of tear streaked across the sky, as if it was filled with pity.

Jian Wushuang had arrived, stepping out from the Heavenly Gate.

Wrapped in supreme fate energy, one could no longer see his full appearance.

However, the divine blood had already surged out of his Immortal body at this moment. The Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens seemed to be unable to withstand that kind of fate energy and began to burn.

This sword strike was unstoppable!

90 percent of the eternal void was devoured by the chaotic aura.

However, at this moment, Jiang Li, who was planning to sacrifice her Immortal Source, suddenly opened her eyes.

She could feel a majestic aura coming from behind her.

That aura was majestic and carried an unstoppable aura!

That aura and aura made even her heart palpitate.

Amidst the chaotic aura, she tried her best to look back and saw a scene that was engraved in her heart.

It could no longer be described as a single sword move. It was as if the fate energy of all things in the universe was fluctuating. It was magnificent and shocking.

Then, Jiang Li saw Jian Wushuang's sword move arrive.

At this moment, no one could compete with him. Even Sword Immortals could only pale in comparison. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Seeing the Sword Intent of providence, all the chaotic auras seemed to have a consciousness and actually retreated crazily.

Black Cloud, who was laughing hideously, was shocked when he saw this.

An incomparable palpitation grew from the bottom of his heart. It was as if he had returned to countless years ago and was facing the wrath of a True Emperor.

"No, that's impossible! How can there be another Emperor here? I'm the Emperor here! I'm the only Emperor!"