Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4994 Pulling Out the Emperor's Bone

What was even more unimaginable was that Jian Wushuang's body was flowing with Emperor's fate energy!

Even Black Cloud, who was an Emperor-to-be, could not envelop his body with the Emperor's fate energy.

Only a true Emperor could do it.

At this moment, Jian Wushuang did it. Not only did he do it, but he also released Emperor's Radiance directly.

Black Cloud was so frightened that he could not speak. Even if he did not believe it, this scene had really appeared in front of him.

That mere Yan Immortal who had single-handedly injured him with a single sword strike, at this moment, actually possessed the fate energy of an Emperor and became an Emperor.

'Run!' This was the only thought left in Black Cloud's mind. Ever since he had grown up, he had never been willing to do anything too risky.

For example, Jian Wushuang was too strange. As an expert only in the Yan Immortal realm, he had created too many shocking occurrences.

Even he, who was an Emperor-to-be, felt his heart tremble when he saw Jian Wushuang. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Thinking of this, Black Cloud no longer hesitated. He leaped forward and wanted to escape.

However, Jian Wushuang, who had the Emperor's fate energy and his eyes were intimidating, snorted coldly, "You want to leave?"

At this moment, the power of heaven and earth was under his feet. An unimaginable Emperor's Heavenly Dao pressed down and smashed into Black Cloud.

Black Cloud was shocked. He fled in a panic, but no matter what, he could not escape the control of the Emperor's Heavenly Dao.

In just an instant, he was firmly pressed down by the Emperor's Heavenly Dao. No matter how many transformations he had, he could not escape at all.

Seeing him effortlessly capture Black Cloud, Yang Jun and Su He were so shocked that their jaws almost dropped to the ground.

Initially, they did not believe that Jian Wushuang carried the Emperor's fate energy, but now they all believed it.

Not only the two Imperial Emperors, but the two Sword Immortals, Jiang Li and Yan Fan, as well as Di Qing and Immortal Fu Yao, were also shocked.

Before they could figure out what was going on, they saw Jian Wushuang become an Emperor and then grab Black Cloud.

Jiang Li and Yan Fan looked at each other and saw the bitterness in each other's eyes.

The disciple they had forcefully acknowledged had already far exceeded their expectations.

Jian Wushuang, who was carrying a thick Emperor fate energy, waved his hand gently across the air. Black Cloud, which was suppressed by the Emperor's Heavenly Dao, was forced to come in front of him.

Facing the fate energy of a True Emperor, Black Cloud was terrified to the extreme. He was only an Emperor-to-be, how could he dare to resist a True Emperor?

At this moment, Jian Wushuang seemed to have changed into a different person. His eyes were full of dignity and no emotion.

And all of this was because of the True Emperor.

Previously, Emperor Zhenwu had captured a wisp of Jian Wushuang's True Soul and hid it in the ring to prevent him from dying.

Jian Wushuang did not listen to his warning and insisted on saving the Three Emperors, Jiang Li, and Yan Fan.

Left with no other choice, Emperor Zhen Wu wanted to use his Emperor's fate energy to make him suffer.

However, he did not expect that Jian Wushuang's Immortal body could perfectly match his Emperor's fate energy without any rejection.

While Emperor Zhen Wu was surprised, he agreed to help Jian Wushuang. He injected the Emperor's fate energy into Jian Wushuang's body as long as his Immortal body could withstand it.

That was why Jian Wushuang had become an Emperor in a short period of time.

The first thing Jian Wushuang did after becoming an Emperor was to find Black Cloud and seal him.

Sensing the Imperial Lord's fate that was like an arm, he looked at the black clouds in front of him and was about to kill them with a wave of his hand.

However, at this moment, Yang Jun and Su He said anxiously at the same time, " Wait, Wushuang, Daogong is still in his stomach."

Jian Wushuang looked at Black Cloud again.

Black Cloud trembled. "Let me go. I'm willing to return him."

He smiled contemptuously and started dissecting the body himself.

"No, you can't. I promise you, I'll return him immediately.."

However, it was too late. Jian Wushuang used his hand as a sword and slashed open his stomach!

In an instant, the void trembled. Endless chaotic aura surged out, and it was extremely chaotic.

However, the chaos was destroyed by Jian Wushuang's palm.

He was already too terrifying with the Emperor's fate energy. Even the Emperor-to-be Black Cloud could only be slaughtered.

As the chaotic aura gushed out, a true soul that had almost become transparent came out.

That True Soul was Daogong.

Yang Jun and Su He immediately pounced over and laughed as he patted Daogong, who was still in a daze. "Old thing, congratulations on not leaving before us."

"Eh? I haven't died yet. That shouldn't be. I remember that I was clearly dead..." Daogong scratched his head.

"If it wasn't for Little Friend Wushuang, you would have died long ago," Yang Jun slapped him and scolded.

Daogong reacted and looked at Jian Wushuang. His eyes almost popped out, "Damn, how long have I been sleeping? Wushuang has become an Emperor?!"

"Not long, you only slept for less than half a day."

"W-What?!"

...

He used the Emperor's Heavenly Dao to tear open Black Cloud's stomach. His remaining Emperor's fate energy and chaotic aura were all destroyed. He was on the verge of death, as if he could die at any moment.

But even so, he still used all his strength to say, "Let, let me go. I'll disappear from here..."

Jian Wushuang smiled coldly as if he had heard the funniest thing.

Everything that had happened today was caused by the black clouds. Jiang Li and Yan Fan were almost on the verge of death, and the three Emperors had almost lost their True Souls to save him.

Even he himself would have perished if not for the True Martial Emperor's help.

Therefore, Black Cloud must die today. Even if he was the Quasi-Emperor, he would not be able to escape death!

With Emperor Real Martial's luck, Jian Wushuang had the power to suppress Black Cloud.

Looking at Black Cloud whose stomach had been cut open and was on the verge of death, he was prepared to kill him with a palm strike.

However, just as he waved his hand, his gaze pierced through the hazy black fog and saw something emitting a rainbow halo in the belly of the black cloud.

Jian Wushuang did not know what it was, but he subconsciously pulled it out of Black Cloud's body.

Black Cloud's eyes instantly dimmed, and his ethereal Immortal body was also rapidly being destroyed.

As soon as this item appeared, it immediately began to shine with a brilliant light that covered billions of kilometers. All colors dimmed.

It was a lustrous ink-black bone the length of an arm!

The indescribable mysterious runes seemed to have been flowing since ancient times, making those who heard it have the urge to worship.

The three Imperial Emperors who were watching from afar had a change in expression. They could not help but say in unison, "The Emperor Bone?!"