Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4999 Third and Fifth Heaven

The hazy Life Breath Barrier that enveloped the entire Super Heavenly Continent suddenly trembled. Without warning, billions of rays of light shot out at them.

Jian Wushuang had already predicted that it would not be so calm, so he was ready to make a move.

However, Yan Fan was a step faster than him. The True Sword at his waist was instantly unsheathed and then returned to its sheath. The entire process did not even take a breath.

Rumble…

Then, the billions of huge light pillars were all cut in the middle and shattered.

That majestic power did not even affect them before it was completely annihilated.

Jian Wushuang's eyes were solemn. He knew that this was only the beginning.

Following that, just as he had imagined, as billions of light pillars shattered, the Life Breath Barrier began to fluctuate continuously.

Then, figures shot out from under the barrier like flowing lights. There were ten of them, no more no less.

Ten figures, but their realms were not too high. They were all Qing Yishui's initial stage Grand Yan Immortal.

Jian Wushuang raised the corner of his eyes slightly. He felt that the master of the Heavenly Continent Plan seemed to be testing them.

As expected, the ten figures at the front faced the Grand Yan Immortal who was rather mature. They took a step forward and said in a serious voice, "What do you guys do? Are you coveting my Heavenly Continent?"

Jian Wushuang then said, "That's not the case. We were just on our way and passing by. We didn't want to disturb you."

"Passing by? Where are you going? What's your purpose?" that Grand Yan Immortal immediately asked.

He said calmly, "This doesn't concern you. We're just hurrying along and have no intention of disturbing you. Please let us leave. "

" Oh, since it has nothing to do with us, then we won't ask too much," the Grand Yan Immortal with an old face said. "But you have to pay a toll. "

....

"You're courting death!" Di Qing shouted. He could no longer tolerate their provocation.

However, Di Qing was stopped by Jian Wushuang.

He said calmly, " I was in a hurry, so I didn't have any of those things on me. I think even if I did, my fellow nobles of this Heavenly Continent wouldn't take those things."

His words were said so flawlessly that they could not find fault with him.

However, the old Grand Yan Immortal still continued, "You say you have none? Do you dare to let us search you?"

Jian Wushuang was almost amused by them. The terrified expressions of these Grand Yan Immortals said it all, but they still tried to provoke their group. This was something that even a brainless person would not do.

After all, Jian Wushuang and the others had just experienced a life-and-death battle, so they did not deliberately hide their auras.

Not to mention Jian Wushuang, Jiang Li, Yan Fan, and Di Qing were all Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals who were all from the Ancient Era. They were terrifying existences that could be killed by these Grand Yan Immortals with just a spit.

Even the weakest Immortal Lord Fu Yao was a Six Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal, they could not contend against her at all.

However, these Grand Evolution Immortals still provoked them. The only possibility was that someone behind them had instructed them to do so, forcing Jian Wushuang and the rest to take the lead.

In the end, Jian Wushuang endured it and said with a faint smile, "Do you dare to search if I ask you to?"

As soon as he said that, the ten Grand Yan Immortals looked at each other and no one dared to say anything.

Especially the elderly Grand Yan Immortal who was leading the group, his legs and stomach were starting to go weak.

Terrifying, it was too terrifying.

The Grand Yan Immortals who were able to survive in the Endless Sea until now were all extremely intelligent existences. How could they not sense the terrifying aura on the bodies of these uninvited guests?

Each of these seemingly calm figures emitted a profound aura that pressured him to the point that he almost could not breathe.

Especially that small Yan Immortal with a calm expression and a faint smile. His aura was even more vigorous, like a mountain entrenched, the sun and stars prostrated under his feet.

This aura was unheard of and could not be looked at directly.

Cold sweat dripped down from the old Grand Yan Immortal's temples. He was already certain that if he were to say another word of provocation, then he would definitely die.

"You can leave now. I won't make things difficult for you."

Jian Wushuang said, helping them out and letting them leave.

The old Grand Yan Immortal heaved a sigh of relief. However, he still braced himself and said, "Why don't you try beating us up?"

At this moment, Jiang Li and Yan Fan had strange expressions on their faces, and Di Qing's eyes twitched. Jian Wushuang could not help but laugh at this strange question.

"Why? Tell me the reason, and I'll consider teaching you a lesson."

The old Grand Yan Immortal also felt that he was an idiot. His face turned red and he finally said, "Forget it, you guys should leave quickly. I'm afraid that you guys will destroy this place."

Jian Wushuang nodded and prepared to leave.

However, at this moment, the hazy Life Breath Barrier fluctuated again. A total of nearly 100 figures suddenly rushed out like black clouds, blocking their way. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Jian Wushuang's expression turned serious. He then realized that there were still so many Grand Evolution Immortals waiting below the barrier.

If they had attacked just now, they would have been surrounded long ago.

Looking at the Grand Yan Immortal in front of him, he was not worried. Instead, he was a little puzzled. What was the person behind this going to do?

"Everyone, if you're not in a hurry, please come to the Third and Fifth Heaven for a while. My Immortal Lord has something to tell you."

At the front of these hundreds of Grand Yan Immortals was an old man with a faint smile.

Jian Wushuang was unmoved, but he was thinking quickly in his heart.

The old man revealed two pieces of information.

The first piece of news was that this Super Heavenly Continent was called the Third and Fifth Heaven, which was a bit awkward to pronounce.

The second piece of news was that the owner of this Super Heavenly Continent was an Immoortal Lord.

The so-called Immortal Lord was actually a title passed down from the Ancient Era. Any Grand Yan Immortal below the Emperor-to-be level could be called an Immortal Lord. It was an elegant title, but it also carried some respect for strength.

Although the title of Immortal Lord was rarely used by Grand Yan Immortals in the outside world, it was still widely used in the Endless Sea.

This old man claimed that the master behind the Third and Fifth Heaven was an Immortal Lord, which meant that the strength of this person had not reached the Emperor-to-be level.

Undoubtedly, this was a friendly message that calmed Jian Wushuang down.

The doddering old man seemed to have noticed that his guard had been slightly lowered, so he invited them with a smile, "Please come to the Third and Fifth Heaven and have a chat. With your strength, we can't control you at all."