Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5004 The Change of the Immortal Array

At this moment, all the Grand Yan Immortals in the Third and Fifth Heaven stopped cultivating. They stood in the void and looked at the huge array with burning eyes. Their hearts were surging.

The Galaxia Immortal Array was activated, and the extreme darkness of chaos was emptied. The surrounding sky was dyed by the Primordial Purple Intent. Wisps of purple tassels fell down, illuminating everything.

Jian Wushuang, who was standing at the periphery of the Immortal Array, looked at the scene solemnly. He was finally convinced that Yu Yao's words were true.

Once the Galaxia Immortal Array, which gathered 10 Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals and 100,000 Yan Immortals, was activated, a crack would definitely be torn open in the Endless Sea.

In the center of the Immortal Array, Yu Yao held her hands high and made a gesture of opening the sky.

9 streaks of fate energy from the Nine Revolutions Nine Great Immortals transformed into a pillar of light. Under her guidance, it was blasted onto the Galaxia Immortal Array's array core.

Buzz…

Waves of ancient voices resounded throughout the world.

The Galaxia Immortal Array which had been silent for countless years was completely activated at this moment.

The endless Primordial Purple Intent stopped falling and stopped in the void. It began to rapidly construct flowing purple patterns.

When all the Primordial Purple Intent transformed into dense purple patterns, the Galaxia Immortal Array was formed. It was so large that it used the entire Fifth Heaven as its foundation.

The 9 Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals were acting as the corners of the formation, each acting as one of the formation cores, with the array formation operating in the center. Their fate energy made the Galaxia Immortal Array start to circulate.

Looking at the magnificent Immortal Array, Jian Wushuang sharply noticed that although there seemed to be only nine formation cores, there was another formation core behind Yu Yao. However, the formation core was sealed and had not been activated yet.

Immortal Lord Zun Gu stood in the position of that formation core.

"Immortal Lords, please release all your fate energy," Yu Yao called out loudly. She was already at her limits from supporting such a grand Immortal Array all by herself.

"Whether we can leave or not depends on this one move!!"

Jiang Li, Yan Fan, and Di Qing looked at each other, then both of them released their great fate energy!

Just the three of them alone released a vast amount of fate energy, pushing the Galaxia Immortal Array to its peak.

Other than Yu Yao, the remaining 5 Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals did not hesitate and sent out their most majestic fate energy.

Nine Revolutions Great Yan Immortals were the peak. The fate energy of a Heavenly Region Plane could not even come close to theirs. They were supreme experts and terrifying existences that could sense the fate energy of Emperors.

Thus, at this moment, when the 8 Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals' heavenly fate energy formed into one, the Galaxia Immortal Array was activated.

Billions of purple light condensed into purple patterns and circulated. The huge and magnificent pillar of light completely lit up the entire sky.

Immortal Lord Zun Gu stood on the silent array core behind Yu Yao and watched this scene nervously.

His heart was beating like a drum. He had been waiting for this day for too long, so long that he was almost in despair.

But now, there was hope for everything. Nothing could go wrong!

At this moment, Jian Wushuang, who was standing at the outermost area, was also solemn. This was the only time they could leave the Endless Sea.

The world had changed. The fate energy of the Grand Yan Immortals was too terrifying and grand. It allowed the entire Galaxia Immortal Array to activate.

It was like a sealed heavenly gate that shot out billions of multicolored lights.

Led by Yu Yao, the luck of the 9 Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals worked together to attack the sealed gate above the Immortal Array.

Buzz…

A heavy buzz erupted between heaven and earth again. All the spectating Grand Yan Immortals were forced back by this fluctuation!

Even Jian Wushuang, who was trying to keep his mind calm, was shaken by the fluctuation.

However, even this kind of power was unable to break open the sealed gate above the Immortal Array.

Yu Yao grunted as a stream of divine blood flowed out from the corner of her mouth.

Sensing this change, Immortal Lord Zun Gu was shocked. He sensed that something was wrong and hurriedly prepared to help.

"Zun Gu, don't move!" Yu Yao shouted. She raised arms once again, released endless power!

The two collided, and the gate exploded with a deep rumble. It was no longer as unbreakable as before.

Immortal Lord Zun Gu could only stand back at the original array core and continue to watch this scene nervously.

This stalemate lasted for a long time. They had gathered 9 Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals and 100,000 Yan Immortals for this, and it reached the extreme. The purple light of the Primordial Purple Intent almost formed a mist. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

In the sky, fine cracks began to appear on the sealed gate.

At this moment, even Jian Wushuang was secretly nervous. Once the sealed gate was broken, the Endless Sea would be opened!

Immortal Lord Zun Gu was even more excited. He almost went to the center of the array formation to add some strength.

The situation had reached this stage, and the Galaxia Immortal Array had successfully activated. There was no problem with the core of the first formation core. If this continued, it would only be a matter of time before he broke through the sealed gate!

The 9 Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals, led by Jiang Li, Yan Fan, and Di Qing, continuously provided fate energy to strengthen the Immortal Array, trying to break through the gate above their heads.

The gate was unstoppable, but cracks started to appear.

Yu Yao had eight streaks of supreme fate energy and had almost fused with the Galaxia Immortal Array. She emitted a brilliant power that could not be looked at directly.

However, in the next moment, the Galaxia Immortal Array that was continuously gathering fate energy to attack the gate suddenly stopped!

The enormous Primordial Purple Intent light pillar also stopped abruptly and then dimmed!

In the center of the Immortal Array, Yu Yao suddenly spat out seven-colored divine blood. Her fate energy was flowing away at an unimaginable speed.

This change had happened too quickly, to the point that by the time all the Grand Yan Immortals reacted, they were already unable to reverse it!

The Immortal Array shook violently, and all the flowing purple patterns began to dim, and the fate energy reversed and actually flowed into the Immortal Array.

Then, the first formation core, which had been sealed for a long time, quietly opened at this moment.

Immortal Lord Zun Gu stood on the spot. The joy in his eyes had not even subsided. Instead, it was replaced by shock and despair.

The thing he was most worried about finally happened!

The formation core of the first stage of the Galaxia Immortal Array was damaged. In the end, it could not withstand such a degree of fate energy and began to repair itself.

The fate energy released by the 9 Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals was swallowed by the Galaxia Immortal Array at that moment and flowed into the first formation core continuously.

Looking at the array core that had already been activated, Immortal Lord Zun Gu did not run or react excessively. He just stood quietly on the spot.

A few breaths later, a long sigh sounded and swept across the hearts of all the Grand Yan Immortals present.

Then, he smiled. His usually stern face became much gentler at this moment.

"Immortal Lords, Yao'er, I'll go first and offer the last of my fate energy to you."

His voice was like a long wind that spread across the sky... Then, his voice faded away, as if was then swallowed by the silent sea.