Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5009 Black Cloud, Black Cloud

The loss of three supreme fate energy meant that his Dao was dead.

Since his Dao was dead, his Divine Sense would naturally disappear as well.

This was also the reason why Yu Yao did not destroy his Immortal body.

Now that Jian Wushuang was dead, she had more important things to do. She had to capture the four Grand Yan Immortals who had escaped and kill all of them.

After Yu Yao left, she did not notice that the chest of the Immortal body that was lying in the void was heaving!

...

"Damned little fellow, what kind of trouble have you provoked this time? Do you know that if it weren't for this Emperor's help, you would have been completely gone!!"

The voice was laced with anger, and it rang in his ears. It woke Jian Wushuang up from his dead state.

He suddenly sat up straight and panted heavily. At the same time, the pain that came from the depths of his Divine Soul and Divine Sense made him unable to help but groan in pain. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"This, this is actually still alive. Wasn't my Divine Sense completely burnt?"

Jian Wushuang muttered to himself in disbelief. At the same time, he looked ahead subconsciously.

At this moment, he was sitting on a boundless red desert.

In this red desert, less than a few feet away from him, a huge Chi Bird that was like a flowing cloud was staring at him with its huge eyes.

As their eyes met, Jian Wushuang subconsciously swallowed a mouthful of saliva. Then, he pushed his arms against the sand and moved his butt backward.

This bird was too huge, and it was also too strange and mysterious.

It had six horns on its head, and each horn was a different color. It was beautiful and mysterious.

Its entire body seemed to be shrouded in clouds, making it impossible to see clearly.

The huge pupil was pure gold, as if it contained thousands of suns, making it impossible for people to look directly at it.

Perhaps others did not know what this huge and terrifying bird was, but Jian Wushuang knew it very well.

Only Emperor Liu Ya could have such a phenomenon and monopolize a part of his Divine Sense.

Strictly speaking, this bird was not Emperor Liu Ya because the last strand of his Divine Sense had already dissipated.

This Bird was actually a manifestation of Emperor Liu Ya's Divine Sense that he had left behind.

It possessed the will of Emperor Liu Ya, but it was not Emperor Liu Ya.

Looking at the furious bird, Jian Wushuang's eyes twitched. "Listen, listen to my explanation. I didn't mean to die, but trouble came to me..."

The bird was like an Emperor that had descended, its golden eyes carrying an imposing aura that could not be looked at directly.

"If I hadn't protected your Divine Sense, you would have been destroyed long ago. I can feel that the power that burned your Divine Sense was not something you could resist."

"Although I was able to protect your Divine Sense for a while, it also consumed a lot of my Emperor Source."

"You have to remember, if you continue to be so reckless, I might not be able to withstand it and break apart, and you won't be able to obtain the entire Liu Ya Heavenly Emperor Runes."

Jian Wushuang's eyes showed a touch of bitterness when he heard that. "I understand. I won't be rash anymore."

"What do you understand? I'm still waiting for the day you fight with Zhen Wuyang. If you die now, wouldn't it be a huge joke?"

"Remember this, live well. Even if you have to live a plain and boring life, you have to live until the day you become an Emperor!"

"I will try my best…"

...

After killing Jian Wushuang, Yu Yao did not stop. She controlled the Primordial Purple Intent and left the ruins of the Third and Fifth Heaven.

She wanted to find Jiang Li, Yan Fan, and the others who had escaped earlier and eliminate them one by one.

She was now an Emperor-to-be. Wherever the Primordial Purple Intent covered, it was her domain.

Feeling the fate energy that had transcended the shackles, the sadness in Yu Yao's heart finally dissipated.

She was already an Emperor-to-be and no one could be his enemy.

Only another Emperor-to-be could fight her!

The dim sky followed Yu Yao as she continued to move forward, being devoured by the Primordial Purple Intent.

However, a moment later, a faint aura appeared, causing Yu Yao to stop in her tracks. She stood within her own Emperor's fate energy, and her eyes turned slightly solemn.

She felt an aura that could not be ignored. It was strange and domineering.

When the end of the dark sky was replaced by an indescribable chaotic aura, Yu Yao's pupils suddenly shrank!

Emperor? Emperor-to-be!

An Emperor-to-be!

As if to confirm her guess, a terrifying figure wearing the same imperial robe appeared along with the endless chaotic aura.

That figure was like a black cloud, making it impossible for people to look straight at it and see it clearly.

His body was surrounded by twisted and chaotic auras, which were extremely strange.

If Jian Wushuang was here, he would be surprised.

This was because the person who had come with the chaotic aura was the Emperor-to-be Black Cloud! It was the same person who was forced to self-destruct his own Emperor's fate energy!

At this moment, he had completely recovered. It was as if he had never self-destructed the Emperor's fate energy.

At the same time, thick chaotic chains bound the four figures in his palm.

The four figures were Jiang Li, Yan Fan, Di Qing, and Immortal Lord Fu Yao.

They were all caught by Black Cloud and could not escape at all. They were already on their last breaths.

Emperor-to-be Black Cloud slowly raised his head and met Yu Yao's eyes.

Doubt, confusion, and bewilderment were revealed in his eyes, but they were soon replaced by an even stronger desire.

The fate of an Emperor-to-be made him go crazy.

Yu Yao's expression turned completely solemn. She could sense the power of the chaotic aura. It was actually on par with her Primordial Purple Intent. Neither could do anything to the other.

She had just become an Emperor-to-be, so she had to focus on stability. It was obviously not a wise move to make an enemy of another Emperor-to-be.

However, she wanted to wipe out the few Great Yan Immortals in the hands of this mysterious Emperor-to-be. She felt troubled.

Their eyes met. The Primordial Purple Intent and the chaotic aura collided and squeezed, causing the sky to shatter.

"Wow, not bad, my luck is really quite good. To be able to meet an Emperor like me here," Black Cloud said in a hoarse voice as he laughed.

Yu Yao felt very uncomfortable, extremely uncomfortable. She felt as if her Divine Sense was being nibbled away.

However, she finally decided to speak. She said coldly, "I was chasing after those Grand Yan Immortals. Return them to me."

"Return them to you?" Black Cloud laughed softly. "Of course not. They are also my mortal enemies. I want to crush them into powder with my own hands!"

Yu Yao's expression was uncertain. In the end, she did not plan to speak. To her, it did not matter who killed Jiang Li and Yan Fan, as long as they died.

She turned around and was about to leave when Black Cloud's strange voice sounded again." Wait, I want to ask you something."

"I will not speak to you!" Yu Yao replied coldly, preparing to leave in an instant.