Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5014 The Arrival of the Emperor

This sword strike was too powerful. Every strand of Sword Intent easily cut through the chaotic aura and then bloomed wantonly.

An unparalleled and pure force completely erupted.

Black Cloud's eyes suddenly widened. Even though he was already an Emperor-to-be, facing this sword strike, only the terror of life and death surged into his heart! Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

He could easily feel that if he did not retreat, this sword strike would definitely injure him severely or even kill him!

But how could he let go of the Emperor-to-be fate energy in his hands?

"Ah!"

Black Cloud roared, and in the next moment, he actually tried to drag the chains along with Yu Yao.

However, Yu Yao suddenly grabbed the chaotic chains in her body and gave a strange smile. She used all her strength to drag him under the sword curtain!

Billions of Sword Intents intersected with each other, bringing with them a clear sword hum as they descended.

At this moment, in the eternal void, there was only Sword Intent.

Everything was being destroyed.

Yu Yao held Black Cloud tightly, exposing herself to the sword screen without any intention of resisting.

Only Black Cloud's roar continued, and it was soon swallowed up.

Jiang Li, Yan Fan, Di Qing, and Fu Yao all shut their eyes tightly, resigned themselves to fate.

The Sword Dao was eternal.

The vast Sword Intent that covered the eternal void lasted for a long time.

When the Sword Intent dissipated, Jiang Li and Di Qing opened their eyes at the same time. Then, they were so shocked that they could not speak.

Jian Wushuang reappeared in front of them.

His chest was bare, and his entire body was enveloped by an unknown dark green aura. It was completely different from the Emperor aura that flowed around him previously, but it was even deeper.

They gulped in unison.

"I'm late. Sorry to have kept you guys waiting."

Jian Wushuang instructed and turned around slowly.

As he turned around, the dark green aura flowing around his body rose and circulated.

The sword curtain dissipated, and Black Cloud covered his chest. He spat out large mouthfuls of divine blood and shattered Emperor's fate energy.

At that moment, Yu Yao, who had been seeking death wholeheartedly, suffered even more injuries. Her entire immortal body was almost completely shattered, and her divine blood had already been drained. Only the Emperor's fate energy was supporting her life.

Seeing that it was Jian Wushuang, Yu Yao's eyes were filled with disbelief and an indescribable sense of relief.

Black Cloud was terrified, completely terrified.

He had never thought that the nightmare would return again, and in an unimaginable manner.

Black Clouds trembled. He could feel that Jian Wushuang was still terrifying.

The dark green aura of the flowing clouds blocked everything and made Jian Wushuang look like a supreme Emperor.

This scene caused Black Cloud to tremble from the bottom of his heart. It was as if the past had returned.

Countless years ago, Zhen Wuyang, who had destroyed his body and soul with a single slap, had appeared just like this. His eyes were indifferent, and with supreme fate energy, he had easily destroyed a Heavenly Court.

Now, Jian Wushuang gave him the same feeling.

"No, no, it has nothing to do with me. I didn't do anything. If you want to blame someone, blame that woman."

Black Cloud spoke in fear, no longer caring about his dignity.

Looking at Black Cloud who was about to kneel on the ground in fear, Yu Yao was a little surprised. It was easy for an Emperor-to-be to kill a Nine Revolutions Great Yan Immortal, so why would he be afraid of a puny little Yan Immortal?

Furthermore, this puny little Yan Immortal had died in her hands.

Although Yu Yao was shocked that Jian Wushuang had come back from the dead, it did not mean that she was afraid.

Therefore, she was puzzled by Black Cloud's abnormal behavior.

At this moment, Jian Wushuang smiled faintly and said in an indifferent voice, "You know what you have done. Today, one of you will settle the score with the other. Neither of you will leave here alive."

Black Cloud's body trembled as if his fate had been sealed.

His gaze shifted from Black Cloud to Yu Yao.

Their eyes met. Jian Wushuang's eyes were filled with cold and murderous intent.

Yu Yao felt a chill down her spine. At the same time, she felt that the aura he was emitting was not something that a Yan Immortal could have!

"Hey, don't just stand there. If you don't want to die today, we must join forces!" Black Cloud said in a trembling voice.

Yu Yao completely ignored him, even feeling that it was somewhat ridiculous.

A puny little Yan Immortal could actually scare an Emperor-to-be to this extent?

"Tell me, are you going to join hands or not?!" Black Cloud shouted anxiously.

"Get lost!" Yu Yao looked at him and roared angrily. A Primordial True Sword suddenly condensed in her hand.

Her mentality of seeking death had already changed, leaving only endless killing intent.

Not only was Black Cloud not enraged by the scolding, he was even more delighted than before. This was exactly what he wanted to see.

Once they fought, he could use this opportunity to leave!

Thinking of this, Black Cloud quietly retreated.

When he faced Yu Yao, who had already become an Emperor-to-be, Jian Wushuang was still not afraid. He only felt contempt.

Yu Yao couldn't help but feel ashamed and angry, as well as endless killing intent.

At this moment, Jian Wushuang quietly condensed an Invisible Sword.

This time, the Invisible Sword was no longer formless. Instead, its entire body was covered in a dark green color, and it was deep and strange.

The tip of the dark green Invisible Sword was pointed at Yu Yao as he said calmly, "Today, I only have one goal, and that is to kill you here."

She only felt that it was ridiculous. A Yan Immortal who had died in her hands not long ago would actually say such arrogant words.

"Although I don't know how you survived, since you've appeared in front of me today, you're bound to die in my hands again," Yu Yao said coldly, and her boundless killing intent exploded.

Jian Wushuang smiled and his golden eyes turned dark green.

A deep and vigorous aura burst out from his body.

This was an unprecedented and mysterious aura. It was different from before, but it was vast and surging.

Black Cloud was so nervous that he could not speak. He could feel the change in Jian Wushuang, so he was terrified.

This time, the aura was even gloomier and more brutal. It was filled with a sinister coldness.

Black Cloud had a feeling that if he did not run away the moment they fought, he would never have the chance to escape.

Thinking of this, he was already planning a way out.

Yu Yao was also extremely furious. Facing Jian Wushuang, she held the Primordial True Sword and slashed forward without hesitation!

'Now's the time, run!'

Black Cloud did noot hesitate at all. The instant they exchanged blows, his figure completely disappeared and he fled frantically.

Jian Wushuang smiled contemptuously as the endless Primordial Purple Intent poured down. Then, he held the sword hilt with both hands and slashed out casually.

The dark green longsword slashed out in the endless void. In an instant, it expanded by hundreds of millions of feet!

At this moment, even the void was sliced apart by the ink-green sword.

The Primordial Purple Intent clashed with the trillion-meter-long ink-green sword slash.

It was as if a brocade was torn apart, the celestial river was cut off, and the endless Primordial Purple Intent was cut apart, as if without resistance at all.