Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5019 The Giant Beast and the Old Shepherd

If Di Qing's fate energy had not dissipated, he would have given this unfathomable Young Prince a thunderous blow even if he had to die.

"How about it?" the Young Prince asked faintly, as if he had them in his grasp.

Di Qing looked at him coldly. Just as he was about to curse, Fu Yao suddenly said, "I agree."

"Hmm?" Di Qing was puzzled and looked at her in surprise.

"I said, I'm willing," Fu Yao took a deep breath and said.

He smiled. "Not bad, you know the situation very well. This is a wise move."

Right after, Fu Yao said, "However, you have to agree to one condition of mine. Let this man go. I'm worth several times more than him."

The Young Prince was startled when he heard that, and then he said with interest, "Several times more valuable? He is a Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal while you are only Six Revolutions, how can you say that you are several times more valuable?"

"Of course I'm several times more valuable. His fate energy has already been drained, so it'll probably take countless years for him to fully recover. My fate energy is abundant, and I can break through to a higher realm at any time."

"Not only that, I'm also the master of the sky and control hundreds of Grand Yan Immortals, so is my value several times that of his?"

Fu Yao said solemnly, looking at him calmly.

The Young Prince's brows were tightly knitted. He seemed to be moved by Fu Yao's words and turned to Di Qing to investigate carefully.

Di Qing could no longer speak as he stared at her.

"Indeed, your fate energy has already been sucked dry." The Young Prince sighed in pity and finally looked up at Fu Yao. "You... You're not bad. I agree to the condition you mentioned."

Fu Yao's body trembled slightly before her face turned pale. "Alright."

Without any hesitation, he waved his hand and removed the energy flowing around Di Qing.

"Leave before I change my mind," the Young Prince said slowly. "You should thank this lady. Otherwise, I would never have let you leave alive."

Di Qing was speechless.

Fu Yao smiled for the last time before she regained her composure.

"Hurry up and leave. Your companion seems to be unable to hold on any longer." he said slowly.

Finally, Di Qing gritted his teeth and left.

However, almost at the same time, the Young Prince threw a palm strike at his back.

Boundless blue energy burst out and blasted Di Qing's back.

"Di Qing!" Fu Yao said in disbelief.

She wanted to go and help but was held back by the Young Prince, "Nothing will happen to him. I didn't kill him. I just let him sleep."

As his voice fell, a giant beast that was a million feet in size suddenly jumped up from the deep Endless Sea!

It had nine heads that were like the sun. It raised its head and swallowed Di Qing before quickly hiding under the sea.

Seeing this, the Young Prince's eyes flashed with satisfaction.

There were ancient beasts that were not weaker than Grand Yan Immortals residing in the Endless Sea. They had the ability to penetrate the heavens and earth. They usually slept under the sea, and no one knew when they would wake up.

Right now, Di Qing had been devoured by the ancient beast, which was the best situation for him.

...

Above the ruins of the Third and Fifth Heaven, under the broken heavenly gate, the fierce battle still continued.

Bian Ziyuan suppressed Jian Wushuang so much that he could not even channel the three streaks of fate energy. The speed of their battle was even faster than the battle between Black Cloud against Jiang Li and Yan Fan.

Divine blood sprinkled into the void. Only the void was eternal.

...

"You must not swallow him into your stomach!"

Under the boundless sea, it was deep and desolate, like the void of the universe, boundless.

Among them, a giant beast shuttled through the deep sea. Its body surged with a strange color, isolating it from the corrosion of the seawater.

On the largest head in the middle of its nine heads, an old man in tattered linen clothes was lying on its head with his arms on its raised brow bones.

The giant beast gave a human-like contemptuous smile, and its nine sun-like heads opened their mouths at the same time.

"Are you ordering me around?"

The old man smiled bitterly, "I wouldn't dare, I wouldn't dare. I only said that this Grand Yan Immortal is my benefactor's companion."

The nine heads of the giant beast snorted in unison. Then, the middle head raised itself and spat out a broken body.

The old man hurriedly took it and let out a long breath.

"I hate the smell on his body. It's very similar to one of my old enemies, but that enemy of mine has long died. I think he's not far from death," the giant beast said with some ridicule.

"Oh no, it looks like he really can't take it." The old man's expression changed drastically because Di Qing's shattered Immortal body could no longer circulate his energy properly.

When the giant beast heard this, it said without the slightest bit of worry, "People like them won't die. I left a layer of dragon saliva on his body, so nothing will happen to him."

Although it was called dragon saliva, it was actually a thick layer of transparent mucus that completely wrapped Di Qing within.

The old man quickly calmed down because he realized that Di Qing's weak breathing was indeed slowly improving.

He let out a long sigh. "In this way, our benefactor will have nothing to worry about."

"You're right." The giant beast shuttled under the lonely chaotic sea and said, "One of my heads was cut off by your benefactor."

The old man's mouth twitched. "Is that so? My benefactor does have a bad temper."

... Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

In the eternal void, endless Yan power exploded, dyeing everything like an ancient battlefield.

The two Sword Immortals, Jiang Li and Yan Fan, were already at the end of their rope. It was already unimaginable that they could last so long under Black Cloud's oppressive attacks without any fate energy.

Although Black Cloud's Emperor Bone had been extracted by Jian Wushuang and he had died twice, his strength was still at its peak after he was resurrected.

Without the restraint, he became the most terrifying existence on the entire battlefield.

Under Bian Ziyuan's frenzied attacks, Jian Wushuang was forced to retreat. His Immortal Body, which had been almost emptied of the Emperor's fate energy, was suffering from side effects.

He could not even freely use his Yan power, and he could not even freely release his Sword Intent.

"Aren't you very powerful? Bring out the aura that you have when you killed an Emperor!" There was only madness in Bian Ziyuan's eyes. He punched Jian Wushuang's chest again and again, "Why are you so weak now?"

"If that's the case, then when you die by my hands, we'll be even!" Bai Ziyuan shouted as he landed a strong punch on Jian Wushuang. The punch, which contained endless Yan power, sent Jian Wushuang flying a million feet away!

He could not resist and could only let his Immortal body fly backward.

Boom!!!

An extremely loud sound rang out as Jian Wushuang's Immortal body smashed heavily on the heavenly gate.

The cracks became finer and more numerous…