Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5024 Yu Chang Is Also an Emperor

In the void, for all eternity.

"Don't tell me all three of them are dead. If they don't wake up, I'll swallow them all."

"No, I can see that they might be benefactor's good friends. Don't act decisively, or it will be difficult to explain."

"Well, benefactor or not, if you don't treat me well, I'll eat them all!"

...

Yan Fan opened his eyes abruptly when he heard the noise. He saw a head the size of a star staring at him with vertical pupils.

Startled, he reached out to the hilt of his sword.

"Don't waste your energy. You're able to survive because of my kindness. It won't be good if you act resolutely."

The nine-headed beast said in a low voice.

Yan Fan was also at the end of his rope and could not even draw his sword. Hearing that the giant beast had no ill intentions, he decided not to attack. He propped up the air with his hands and sat up.

Then, Jiang Li and Fu Yao woke up and looked at the changes around them in shock.

As far as his eyes could see, the sky had completely shattered into nothingness. Even the Endless Sea beneath him had completely evaporated, turning into an endless abyss.

Everything appeared barren.

"How did this place become like this?" Fu Yao murmured softly.

"Isn't it good that it has become like this? They only need to use a little more strength and this cage will completely shatter."

The giant beast said calmly, its eyes filled with hope.

"Now, let's just leave it to fate."

... Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The sea evaporated and became desolate.

Everywhere was filled with broken Emperor's fate energy and even Emperor Heavenly Dao.

At this moment, there were only two figures, two figures that seemed to have walked out of the ancient era, confronting each other.

They were so brilliant that they could not be looked at directly. Each of them had indescribable fate energy flowing around them.

One of them was Jian Wushuang and the other was Yu Chang.

"I was right. Yu Chang, you have always been an Emperor."

Emperor Zhen Wu said slowly. His words were filled with supreme authority.

"However, what makes me curious is that you're clearly an Emperor, so why are you following Zhen Wuyang?"

Yu Chang was silent. After a moment, he said, "That's not important, but it's all in the past."

Emperor Zhenwu said, "You still don't want to let me leave?"

He said slowly, "It's my duty. Please don't blame me, Emperor Zhen Wu."

"You know that you can't break my Six Sun True Emperor's Eyes," Emperor Zhen Wu said.

Yu Chang said, "You can't overcome me either."

Emperor Zhen Wu was a little angry. "Then, are we going to continue fighting like this? Fight for a full ten Hua Years?"

"If Emperor Zhen Wu is willing, I can accompany you, fighting for ten Hua Years."

"Then what if I drag you along with me?" Emperor Zhen Wu's face was extremely gloomy. He was completely furious.

Yu Chang nodded. "In that case, I won't resist."

"Idiot, so stubborn! I really want to know what method Zhen Wuyang used to convince you to serve him like this," Emperor Zhen Wu sighed.

Yu Chang spoke again, his voice was a little tired. "Stop. You know that this will never end."

"Do you think I'll stop? Do you know how many years I've been sleeping here? What sin have I committed to be banished here!!"

"In terms of sin, he is the one who is guilty. He let me down!"

Emperor Zhen Wu roared in anger, "Yu Chang, don't you know anything about what he has done to me?"

He fell silent and finally said, "I know, but this cannot be changed. The birth of some Great Daos is actually original sin."

"So I was exiled here? Hmph!" Emperor Zhen Wu sneered. "Even if I die now, I'll make sure that Zhen Wuyang confronts me!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the Six Sun True Emperor's Eyes merged into one, turning into a boundless river that flowed.

Then, he stabbed forward with the Emperor Sword.

This sword strike transcended everything. It was the sword of an Emperor's ultimate fury.

When the Emperor was angry, all things would perish.

Facing this sword strike, Yu Chang did not retreat or block. He just stood there and used his Emperor Body to withstand the attack.

It was as if the water moon had gathered together and returned to one.

Without any sound, the Emperor Sword tore through his Emperor Body without any resistance and struck his heart.

Billions of light shot out from Yu Chang's back, tearing his Emperor Body apart.

Holding the hilt of his sword, Emperor Zhen Wu said, "Why didn't you resist?"

This sword had severely injured him and shattered his Emperor Body.

Endless Emperor's fate energy scattered in the eternal void, turning into great suns and stars, once again enshrouding some unknown Heavenly Dao.

Yu Chang coughed lightly. "I can't dodge this sword strike even if I wanted to. I'll take this sword strike, think of it as an apology on behalf of Emperor Wu Yang."

"I want Zhen Wuyang to admit his mistake personally!" Emperor Zhen Wu roared, and his terrifying Emperor's fate energy fluctuated continuously.

"He is an Emperor, and you know he won't admit his mistakes," Yu Chang said.

Emperor Zhen Wu's fate energy trembled. He did not say anything else. He did not want to let such a skinny old man die.

He was about to pull out the Emperor Sword, but Yu Chang suddenly stretched out his hand and pressed it against his chest, preventing him from pulling it out.

"Are you really courting death?" he said coldly.

Yu Chang raised his head and looked apologetic. "Emperor Zhen Wu, please don't blame me."

Emperor Zhen Wu was startled. Then, he was shocked and wanted to retreat.

However, it was too late. Yu Chang had used himself as bait, causing him to fall into the trap.

At this moment, he realized that he could no longer retreat. His entire body was wrapped in a desolate and ancient aura.

Strands of ancient black runes flowed silently, binding him tightly!

This primordial black rune was also the fate energy of an Emperor.

"Let me go!" Emperor Zhen Wu roared, but there was nothing he could do.

Endless primordial black runes wrapped around him, directly destroying the Emperor's fate energy on his body, rendering him unable to move!

As more and more primordial black patterns appeared, Emperor Zhen Wu gradually fell into a deep sleep.

The magnificent Emperor's Radiance dissipated, and his True Shadow fell into a deep sleep.

Strands of divine blood flowed out of the Immortal body, and the Undying and Imperishable Immortal Body fell into the void.

Jian Wushuang seemed to have fallen into a deep sleep. Although his Immortal body was constantly breaking and recovering, there was no sign of him waking up.

Yu Chang's face was pale as he looked calmly at Jian Wushuang who was floating in the void.

Then, he stretched out his palm, and the endless primordial black patterns completely sank into his Immortal body, stripping out the True Shadow of the Emperor Zhen Wu.

"Ah…"

Jian Wushuang suddenly sat up. Endless pain was revealed in his eyes. His Immortal body was constantly shattered and reconstructed, making him extremely painful.

As Emperor Zhen Wu's True Shadow was extracted, the pain was magnified countless times, almost causing him to die.

The power of an emperor was simply too terrifying. Even if it was just a remnant leaving his body, it was not something that he could withstand.