Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5029 Ten Thousand Years in a Flash

Every elder was a supreme being who had walked out from the ancient era.

Even in Zhen Wuyang's Emperor Dao Palace, they each had their own small world.

The stars surrounded the moon, and the moon and stars intertwined.

In the center of this grand training hall sat a middle-aged man in white.

He closed his eyes and his clothes floated around him. Billions of fate energy were connected and he could not look straight at them.

Jian Wushuang, who had been to the Heavenly Court several times, knew very well that the figure was the Emperor of the entire Grand Si Region, Zhen Wuyang.

As the sky full of giants sat down in their respective small worlds, Jian Wushuang also sat down in his small world under Yu Chang's invitation.

Yu Chang's position was the seat closest to Emperor Zhen Wuyang, and they sat almost side by side. The other ancient Grand Elders were like stars around them.

Jian Wushuang felt like he was sitting on pins and needles as he looked at Emperor Zhen Wuyang, who was sitting almost side by side.

This was the first time he had been so close to the Zhen Wuyang. He felt uncomfortable, especially when he was faced with the gazes of so many ancient elders.

However, Jian Wushuang was once a Universe Master, so his Divine Sense was firm. He quickly returned to normal and began to look down.

At the same time, Zhen Wuyang, who had been meditating with his eyes closed, suddenly opened his eyes.

He did not look at the elders but at Jian Wushuang.

Their eyes met, and an indescribable fate energy seemed to cross the ages and hit them.

It was a gaze that was filled with absolute suppression.

This was an involuntary pressure that came from his Divine Sense.

Jian Wushuang's eyes were calm, but his hands were clenched under his robe.

Even though his Divine Sense had already fused and stabilized, he still felt dizzy.

However, this pressure only existed for a few breaths of time before it was slowly withdrawn along with Zhen Wuyang's ambiguous gaze.

Then, he spoke, his voice gentle and steady, "I've seen you before, the little Yan Immortal who stirred up the storm in front of the Six Heavens."

Jian Wushuang was speechless and did not know how to answer.

Zhen Wuyang continued, "It's just that you're not with Yan'er. Why did you run to the Endless Sea?"

He knew that he was asking the obvious, but he could only bite the bullet and say, "To save a Yan Immortal."

Zhen Wuyang laughed when he heard that. "You're quite honest."

…

Jian Wushuang wanted to find an excuse to get away with it, but it was already set in stone. One had to know that the last battle in the Endless Sea had even alarmed Yu Chang.

Since Yu Chang was alarmed, it was naturally impossible for Zhen Wuyang not to notice. Therefore, he was asking the obvious.

"Yan'er opened the door for you?"

"... yes."

"How bold. Not only did the two of you dare to think, you even dared to do it. A puny little Yan Immortal dared to barge into the Banished Lands, aren't you scared of dying?"

"I'm scared, but I can't help it."

Zhen Wuyang looked at him and did not say anything else.

After a moment, he said, "It's already unimaginable that you can walk out of the Endless Sea alive. But since everything has already happened and ended, I won't hold you responsible anymore."

"Continue to be a Great Heavenly Official by Yan'er's side and protect him well."

Jian Wushuang remained silent and finally said apologetically, "I'm sorry, I'm afraid I can't do it. The reason why I temporarily took up the position of Heavenly Official beside him was actually because of an agreement between us."

"Once 70 years pass, I will leave."

As soon as he finished speaking, the Emperor Dao Arena fell silent. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

All the elders looked at him with surprise in their eyes.

Because for a Yan Immortal, to be able to become a Heavenly Official of the Imperial Emperor lineage, the path of cultivation in the future would basically be a thousand times smoother.

The position of a Heavenly Official was not as simple as a position. It represented that one could enjoy the fate energy of the Emperor's lineage!

That kind of fate energy was enough for a Yan Immortal to easily step into the Grand Yan Immortal realm, and as time passed, it would not be difficult for him to break through to Six Revolutions!

To a Yan Immortal who had an almost endless lifespan, needless to say, this was a miraculous position to be in.

Even for the elders, it was a rather generous condition.

One had to know that Emperor fate energy was too important, so important that even Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals coveted it.

But now, he was rejected by a Yan Immortal.

At this moment, Yu Chang said, "Little Friend, do you know how many years have passed in the outside world after you entered the Endless Sea?"

Jian Wushuang was stunned and shook his head, "I don't know."

"10,000 years."

"What… 10,000 years?"

He was in a trance for a moment, and even his Divine Sense fluctuated.

It had been 10,000 years since he came to the Great Yan Domain from the Divine Power Universe.

He did not even have the time to do anything, and yet, 10,000 years have passed.

Yu Chang nodded. "It has indeed been 10,000 years since you entered the Endless Sea."

Suppressing his absent-minded expression, Jian Wushuang nodded. "Thank you for telling me."

Zhen Wuyang said, "Where do you think you're going after that agreement?"

He shook his head. "I don't know. I think I'll travel around."

"Haha!" Zhen Wuyang laughed out loud. "Then do you think I'll let you leave?"

"You won't," Jian Wushuang said straightforwardly.

"You're right, I won't let a puny little Yan Immortal who can shake a Grand Yan Immortal leave the Grand Si Region. Furthermore, this Yan Immortal is the only one who managed to escape unscathed from the Endless Sea."

Jian Wushuang remained silent. Zhen Wuyang did not want him to leave. He could only accept it.

Zhen Wuyang looked at him and said, "But there are exceptions to everything. If you want to leave, there is still a way."

"What is it?"

"Defeat the Heavenly Official I chose for Yan'er, and you can leave on your own."

"Alright, I agree," Jian Wushuang took a deep breath and said firmly.

He could already imagine that Zhen Wuyang would randomly appoint an elder beside him to be the Young Emperor's Heavenly Official.

If that happened, he would have no chance of winning.

However, what happened next was unexpected. Zhen Wuyang did not randomly appoint a senior statesman. Instead, he looked at Yu Chang.

Yu Chang nodded, then stood up and waved his sleeve, opening the gate of the Dao Arena.

Immediately after, dozens of children entered in a line. Surrounded by them, a young man with a sword on his back and extremely sharp eyes stepped into the dojo.

Jian Wushuang's eyes narrowed in surprise.

This was because the person who had come was none other than the young man who had made things difficult for him when he first came to Little World Mountain.

Chang Ling called him Qing Shan.

It was too much of a coincidence. Jian Wushuang knew that Qing Shan was the Heavenly Official that Zhen Wuyang had chosen for the Young Emperor.

Just as he had expected, Zhen Wuyang later declared that Qing Shan was the candidate for the position of Heavenly Official.

Their eyes met. At this moment, Qing Shan, who was standing in the center of the training hall, was extremely shocked.

He had never thought that they would meet again in the Emperor's Dao Arena.