Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5034 Defeat

When an Emperor was enraged, the mountains and seas would be destroyed.

At that moment, the entire realm was on the verge of collapse, even with the blessing of Yu Chang's fate energy.

The Emperor's Radiance was resplendent as the two Emperor Bodies collided fiercely.

As the Emperor Sword collided with each other, Jian Wushuang's eyebrows were sharp and there was only endless killing intent left in his scarlet-gold Emperor Eyes.

As their eyes met, billions of wisps of Emperor's fate energy bloomed from his back and attacked Zhen Wuyang.

Wherever this fate energy passed, everything turned to dust, even the void.

Each wisp of Emperor's fate energy was like a blooming chrysanthemum petal that completely enveloped Zhen Wuyang before exploding.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Yu Chang's fate energy was scattered by this explosion, and all the elders who wanted to rush forward to help were sent flying.

The entire Emperor's Realm was in chaos, and everything was broken.

Almost at the same time, Jian Wushuang retreated quickly and looked at the center of the explosion with his cold Emperor's Eyes.

This explosion surpassed the Great Dao and the laws of Yan power. Only Emperors could control and release it.

The magnificent explosion engulfed Desolation, which had been silent since its creation.

Yu Chang's current mission was to do his best to protect the Emperor's Realm, Desolation.

Jian Wushuang stood in the void and looked coldly at Zhen Wuyang, who was entangled in the explosion. He even had a slightly flirtatious look on his handsome face.

He was confident that although Zhen Wuyang would not die, he would definitely suffer unimaginable injuries.

But the next moment, the result was completely different from what he had expected.

A figure that suppressed the ancient Heavenly Dao slowly stepped out from the broken and burning Emperor's Radiance.

The explosion was so violent that even the Emperor's fate energy was repelled. The fate energy automatically shrink back the moment it got close to him.

Jian Wushuang's eyes widened and he subconsciously took a few steps back.

Zhen Wu Yang was not injured at all. Only the robe on his body was slightly damaged.

His gaze became even colder, as if he had returned to the peak of the Ancient Era.

Facing Jian Wushuang, he raised his right hand and pointed.

In an instant, endless Emperor's Heavenly Dao was condensed into this finger, and it advanced without any obstruction.

He did not have time to think and immediately raised the Emperor Sword to block in front of him, hoping to block Zhen Wuyang's attack.

But the result was beyond his imagination.

With a single finger, the Emperor Sword was instantly shattered.

Jian Wushuang's chest caved in. At this moment, even the Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens dimmed.

He was sent flying for a million feet.

At the same time, Zhen Wuyang followed closely behind. He completely abandoned the Emperor Sword and smashed his fists heavily on Jian Wushuang's body.

Bang!!!

With a punch, the Emperor's Heavenly Dao collapsed. He did not even have time to make a sound before he was blasted into the abyss.

The ground shattered, and the entire Desolation was in a terrible state.

Furthermore, Zhen Wuyang did not stop at all. He blasted the ground out of the abyss and continued to chase after him. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In the next moment, billions of beams of Emperor's Radiance burst out from the abyss, shattering Desolation!

Yu Chang's expression changed. Even his Emperor's fate energy was unable to stop it. The Emperor's Realm was beginning to be destroyed by the Emperor's Radiance.

The plane shattered, and all the elders in the outer circle were shocked.

However, they did not retreat. Instead, they released their own fate energy and Heavenly Dao to repair Desolation, which was on the verge of destruction.

As the Emperor's Radiance burst forth, the entire plane began to tremble and collapse.

Then, a figure was blasted out from the depths of the earth abyss like a sun and a star.

At this moment, the gilded Hundred-Leaves Battle Emperor Robe was burning. Zhen Wuyang stepped out of the abyss and punched Jian Wushuang's chest.

His Emperor Body shattered!

In an instant, millions of traces of Emperor's fate energy gushed out from his back like blooming Immortal chrysanthemum petals!

Emperor blood started to flow into the void.

His eyes widened in disbelief.

All of this happened too quickly, almost in an instant. He did not have any ability to retaliate.

This was almost a one-sided slaughter. Zhen Wuyang had broken through the defenses of his Emperor Body through sheer brute strength!

Jian Wushuang covered his chest with his hands.

What was strange was that although the Nine Heavens Raiment was extremely dim, it was not broken at all. Not a single wound was left behind.

However, he was certain that the Emperor Body behind the Mystic Garb of the Nine Heavens had indeed shattered.

The Emperor's fate energy was flowing and disappearing.

Zhen Wuyang stood in the broken void and did not make any further moves. Instead, he looked at Jian Wushuang calmly.

The Battle Emperor Robe on his body was also torn. It was obvious that he had experienced a bloody battle.

After coughing out a wisp of Emperor Blood, Jian Wushuang's aura became weak and his pair of crimson-gold Emperor Eyes became dim.

"Zhen Wuyang, oh Zhen Wuyang, you're still as vicious as ever. Not only are you ruthless to all living beings, but you're even more ruthless to yourself."

Jian Wushuang smiled and said, "I thought I was abominable. Now that I think about it, you are the abominable lord."

"Have you said enough?" Zhen Wuyang's emotionless voice rang out as he raised his palm.

In his palm, the endless Emperor Heavenly Dao was constructed, enough to destroy all enemies.

"How is this enough? I don't want to leave out any of your evil deeds!" Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows and looked extremely evil.

"You're courting death!" Zhen Wuyang's face frowned as he slammed down with the Emperor's Heavenly Dao.

But then, everything changed.

Jian Wushuang, whose aura was already weak, smiled wickedly. He shook his arms and shattered Zhen Wuyang's Emperor Heavenly Dao.

"You think that I'm no match for you and have lost, but you have to know that there are variables! Don't get so smug!"

Boom!

The unparalleled fate energy of the Emperor exploded, and it swept across the entire Desolation like a tidal wave.

This Emperor's fate energy was the purest and most extreme fate energy.

"How is this possible? The Emperor Body has actually completely fused with this kid?!"

Yu Chang could not remain calm anymore as he cried out involuntarily. His turbid eyes became clear.

Zhen Wuyang's expression turned grave. He had never expected that Emperor Zhen Wu, who had almost died a moment ago, would recover completely in the next moment. He had even become even more terrifying.

The shattered Battle Emperor Robe turned into crimson ashes and lava, covering Jian Wushuang's Emperor Body once again.

"A fully fused Emperor Body... It feels really good. I haven't felt this for a long time," he slowly raised his arms and said in a somewhat absent-minded manner.

"Zhen Wuyang, I really have to thank you for letting me obtain a perfect Emperor Body... As my thanks, I will return everything that happened before to you!"

"Die!" he shouted loudly. Endless Emperor's Radiance swept out and crushed the Zhen Wuyang.

At this moment, Yu Chang stopped watching. His Emperor Body instantly arrived beside Zhen Wuyang and resisted Zhen Wu's Emperor's Radiance together.

"It seems... I miscalculated this time."