Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5039 Strong Feelings

Immortal clouds surged, and the Heaven Palace was solemn and grand.

This was the first time Chang Ling had truly left Little World Mountain. She was extremely nervous, but at the same time, she was filled with intense curiosity about everything.

Especially when she arrived at the Six Heavens Realm where the First Prince was, her curiosity reached its peak because she smelled the scent of destruction in the void.

Although the smell of destruction had almost disappeared, she could still sense it.

She was very curious about what the Six Heavens Realm had experienced before that it was filled with the aura of destruction.

Standing in Great Lonely Heaven and looking at the Heavenly Palace that was still tightly shut, Chang Ling was already somewhat angry.

After all, she was a Grand Yan Immortal, a first-class existence in the entire Grand Si Region. She had never thought that she would be left outside waiting at the door during their first meeting.

Although the person she was meeting was the son of the Emperor, it still made her angry.

Just as she was considering whether she should turn around and leave, the Heavenly Palace's gate opened. The thin purple-robed man flew in front of her and was responsible for receiving her.

Suppressing the unhappiness in her heart, Chang Ling entered the Heavenly Hall.

Clouds and smoke curled up, and a slightly sweet and fishy fragrance wafted in the hall. The first time one smelled it, it made one feel uncomfortable, but one would unknowingly be immersed in it.

Chang Ling's nose twitched slightly, clearly feeling discomfort towards this kind of strange fragrance in the hall.

After the thin purple-robed man led her into the hall, he quickly left and closed the door.

Her heart trembled, and a sense of danger welled up in her heart.

Thinking of the unreasonable and ruthless Young Emperor, she became nervous. Even though she was a Grand Yan Immortal, she had the urge to escape at any moment. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Just as she was letting her imagination run wild, a cold voice sounded. "What are you doing in Six Heavens?"

Accompanied by this voice, a figure dressed in luxurious clothes slowly walked out from the depths of the hall.

Chang Ling held her breath and became even more nervous.

Even after several years, she could still recognize the First Prince, Prince Yan.

The Young Emperor frowned slightly. Clearly, his patience was gradually running out.

"Tell me, you waited six days to see me. What do you want?"

After regaining her senses, Chang Ling said nervously, "Your Highness, I want to ask you to save a Yan Immortal."

When he heard this, he raised his eyebrows slightly and sneered. "Do we know each other? Don't you think it's a little ridiculous to make such silly requests?"

Chang Ling also felt that the way she asked was a little wrong, but she still said, "Although it's a little absurd, I believe that he's still somewhat important to you, so please help him."

The Young Emperor was already losing interest. He immediately turned around and waved his hand. "Not interested. You can leave now. Don't let me see you again."

Chang Ling was startled. She had never thought that he would be so cold and straightforward. Immediately, the suppressed resentment and unhappiness in her heart. She could not hide the anger in her voice as she said, "If I had known that you were so heartless, I wouldn't have come here to see you even if I had to die."

"In that case, let him die in Desolation!"

After saying that, she prepared to leave without looking back.

At this moment, the Young Emperor's voice sounded again. "What's his name?"

Even though Chang Ling was resentful, she still spoke. "I only know that his name has the word 'Jian' in it. Amy calls him Big Brother Jian."

On the jade steps, the luxuriously dressed figure suddenly trembled. After which, he immediately leaped down the jade steps and arrived in front of Chang Ling.

Then, he reached out his hands and held her arms tightly. He almost lost his composure and said, "Jian, is his name Jian Wushuang?! Answer me!"

Chang Ling, who was shocked by the sudden change, momentarily forgot how to speak. "I-I think that's his name, yes."

After getting the answer, the Young Emperor's eyes trembled. After he released his hand, he sat down on the jade steps as if he had been drained of all his strength.

Looking at the huge change in demeanor, Chang Ling was shocked. At the same time, the anxiety in her heart was finally settled.

She asked, "Are you going to save her or not?"

The dejected Young Emperor slowly raised his head and looked at her. "You came from Little World Mountain? Tell me everything about him. Don't hide anything."

Chang Ling nodded and told him everything that had happened since the first time she met Jian Wushuang.

"That's all I know. After that, I tried to enter Desolationo to find him, but I failed. That's why I came to you."

She took a deep breath and said. Then, she looked at the Young Emperor sincerely. "Please save him."

The Young Emperor's back was facing her, and he was motionless like a statue.

After a long time, he slowly turned around. A complicated and scrutinizing look flashed in his eyes. "What's your relationship with him?"

Chang Ling was startled, clearly not realizing that his line of questioning would actually be so strange.

"Uh, we've only met by chance. We've only met once. We can only be considered ordinary friends."

"Ordinary friends?" The Young Emperor smiled faintly. "Would an ordinary friend be willing to put herself in danger? Why would you secretly leave Little World Mountain to ask for the help of a Yan Immortal that you've only met once?"

Chang Ling was speechless, not knowing how to answer for a moment.

The Young Emperor smiled faintly as he stepped forward.

Chang Ling continuously retreated, incomparably nervous.

He slowly bent over, and his eyes revealed a seductive charm. "Since you're from Little World Mountain and a Grand Yan Immortal, you must be a candidate for the Heavenly Official position of the Emperor's sons, right?"

"W-what do you want to do?"

Unknowingly, Chang Ling was pressed against the stone pillar.

"Me? Of course, I want many things." The Young Emperor smiled wickedly. "I already have someone in mind for the position of Great Heavenly Official, and it will never change. However, you are to my liking, and I don't want to give up."

"So I want to ask you, are you willing to be the Empress? My Imperial Empress."

The Divine Sense in her mind seemed to have exploded with ten thousand tons of lightning. At this moment, Chang Ling's mind was completely blank.

She had never thought that the Young Emperor would say such words to her on their first meeting.

Ridiculous, this was simply too absurd!

While she was still in shock, the Young Emperor reached out his palm and lifted her beautiful jaw.

Chang Ling instantly became clear-headed, and her face also turned cold. Facing the Young Emperor who was taking advantage of her, she directly stretched out her hand and slapped him.

However, before the slap landed, the Young Emperor raised his hand to stop it.

"Don't let your palm strike a prince. The consequences are far beyond what you can bear."

Chang Ling hesitated. Ever since she had gained sentience, she had been cultivating and meditating in Little World Mountain. Everything she had was given to her by the Emperor.

Naturally, the orders coming from the Emperor and his sons could not be disobeyed.

And now, as the Crown Prince, Prince Yan could do anything he wanted to her. She did not dare to disobey.

Even if she was a Grand Yan Immortal, she did not dare to disobey.

Looking at Chang Ling, who chose to endure it silently, the Young Emperor raised his eyebrows and smiled. Then, without any warning, he leaned over and kissed her on the lips.