Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5044 Canghai Bracelet

They were all drowned in the Heavenly River and had passed out. It seemed that they would not wake up for a short time.

Sitting on the back of the Green Bull, the little boy stared at them and let out another faint sigh.

Then, he stretched out his small hand and touched the Green Bull's neck.

There was a black and silver collar.

He took off the collar on the Green Bull's neck and threw it at the Young Emperor.

The collar shrank in the wind. When it landed beside the Young Emperor, it had already become the size of a bracelet and was wrapped around his wrist.

After doing all this, the little boy did not stay any longer. He clamped his legs on the cow's belly and turned around to swim into the river.

Everything returned to silence.

After an unknown amount of time, Chang Ling who was lying on the shore was the first to wake up. Her beautiful eyes were filled with lingering fear and panic.

When she saw that she was out of danger and had come ashore, she heaved a sigh of relief.

"Hmm, First Prince?"

At this moment, the Young Emperor was lying beside her. His handsome face was stained with blood, making him look even colder and weaker.

Chang Ling gulped subconsciously, then stretched out her slender palm, preparing to put him into a comfortable position.

However, when her palm was about to touch the Young Emperor, he suddenly opened his eyes.

When their eyes met, Chang Ling's face turned red and she hurriedly withdrew her hand. "No, it's not what you think…"

The Young Emperor glared at her coldly and propped himself up. Then, he said in a deep voice, "Know your place. You're just a candidate for the Heavenly Official position. Don't do anything out of line."

Chang Ling was startled, the depths of her eyes revealing a dejected humiliation, tears filling her eyes.

No matter what she did, the Young Emperor stood up and headed straight for the depths of the mountain.

The barren mountain was silent, like a demon god standing tall.

For some reason, the Young Emperor suddenly had a strong and familiar intuition. It was indescribable, but it made his heart beat faster.

Somehow, he realized that he was getting closer and closer.

There were many barren mountains and clouds.

He had never been so anxious before. Even though his body was still on the verge of shattering, he was still moving forward with all his might. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

One barren mountain after another was left behind, but there were even more barren mountains in front of him, blocking everything.

"Wushuang, Jian Wushuang--"

He simply shouted loudly, his voice echoing in the barren mountain.

As if he had been sleeping for billions of years, his soul had fallen into an ethereal state. On the peak of the divine mountain in the center, a figure imprisoned by tens of thousands of fate chains slowly opened his eyes.

His eyes were dark red, as if he had been asleep for countless years. They were filled with desolation and loneliness.

He heard a familiar voice and a familiar name.

"Jian Wushuang, why do I have a familiar feeling about this name?"

The figure bound by the chains was confused. He felt that the Divine Sense in his mind was fragmented, and his memories were fragmented. He could only vaguely remember everything.

But the next moment, the wind and clouds dispersed.

As a thin figure covered in blood appeared, his shattered spiritual will memories began to tremble violently.

"Wu, Wushuang!"

His body trembled, almost on the verge of collapsing. However, he stood firmly in the void, his eyes filled with disbelief.

When Chang Ling, who had arrived shortly after, saw this scene, she also exclaimed in her heart. Her eyes were filled with disbelief.

This scene was too shocking and depressing.

On the peak of the divine mountain, nearly ten thousand black-gold chains containing supreme fate descended from the void, and they were firmly binding someone.

Fate energy interweaved, causing him to be imprisoned in the mountains.

Their eyes met, and the corners of the Young Emperor's eyes trembled.

Then, he did not stop and directly leaped forward.

However, at the same time, nearly 10,000 chains emitted boundless brilliance at the same time, isolating all external forces.

Standing outside the enchantment, the Young Emperor punched the barrier in an attempt to break it.

Jian Wushuang, who was bound by the fate energy ghains, looked at him again and asked, "Who are you?"

His body trembled, and there was only disbelief in his eyes. "You don't remember me?!"

Jian Wushuang's eyes flashed with pain and confusion. The memories of his Divine Sense had been shattered in the battle.

Therefore, although he still retained his memories, they had already become fragmented and could not be connected at all.

He only had an impression of the Young Emperor, but he could not recognize him at all.

"You are my old friend?"

The corners of the Young Emperor's eyes trembled slightly, and a hint of sadness flashed in his eyes. "How could you not remember me?"

Chang Ling also came to the barrier. Looking at Jian Wushuang who was imprisoned by countless chains, she thought of Jian Wushuang who had fought against Qing Shan in the Emperor's Dao Arena.

Compared to the two, the situation was miserable.

There was only shock and sadness in her eyes.

Jian Wushuang stopped talking and slowly closed his dark red chaotic True Eyes.

The fate energy chains binding him were formed by the Emperor's Great Dao. It was impossible to break them.

Outside the barrier, the Young Emperor, who was less than ten steps away from him, had a determined look in his eyes.

"I'll take you away." He only said this sentence before he used all his strength to smash the barrier.

His trusty soft sword had already been lost. He simply turned his palm into a fist and smashed down, again and again.

However, with the power of the Yan Immortal, how could it destroy the Emperor's fate energy?

Divine blood splattered everywhere. His palm had already been shattered by the repeated attacks.

Chang Ling could not bear to watch any longer and wanted to attack the barrier together.

"Get lost!" The Young Emperor's voice was filled with anger. His gaze towards her was ice-cold.

She gritted her teeth and finally retreated dejectedly.

He ordered Chang Ling to retreat and continued to attack the barrier, as if he did not know pain or fatigue.

However, his power was too insignificant in front of the Emperor's fate energy. It did nothing at all.

"Give up, you can't break it." Jian Wushuang spoke slowly, his eyes calm.

Boom!

When the last punch landed, the fist bone shattered, and the Immortal bone fragments broke through his skin, revealing a hideous sight.

Divine blood splattered in the air.

The Young Emperor's entire right fist was shattered, but he was expressionless.

The divine blood flowed along his palm and quietly gathered on his wrist.

In an instant, the black-silver bracelet emitted a warm and beautiful light. The sealed patterns on it were soaked in the divine blood and lit up.

The lines were like a barren mountain with layers of clouds, but also like a vast sea that suddenly rose, magnificent and not to be looked at directly.

Under the influence of the Young Emperor's divine blood, the patterns were completely unsealed, and the entire black-silver bracelet turned dark red.

Then, it left his wrist and flew into the void.

Thousands of strands of light scattered on the peak of the divine mountain like the purest tassels.

It was as if an ancient bell was ringing in the wilderness, the loud sound was deep and clear.