Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5252: Breaking a Million With a Single Sword Strike

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Star River Lake Sea Sword Intent!

Jian Wushuang shouted coldly, and a vast and majestic sword intent erupted from the tip of his sword.

A sharp and powerful Sword Qi turned into a turbulent river, rolling across the battlefield. Anyone it touched was torn apart, their bodies and even their devouring origin sources absorbed by Jian Wushuang.

Not enough!

The killings were not fast enough. Inside his enormous Heartsword Realm, Jian Wushuang felt there wasnt enough Sword Intent, not pure enough.benderVisjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Roar!

A deafening dragon roar echoed through the sky. Beneath Jian Wushuangs feet, a huge shadow of a candle dragon surged out from the earth.

Beast God Domain!

Jian Wushuang, whose divine body had soared to seven or eight thousand times its original size, was now as large as a continent, rivaling the heavens and the earth.

Candle Dragon!

An innate life form from the largest river domain in the starry sky.

It was even more powerful than Special Life Forms, born with a cosmic origin source, inherently the strongest.

The shadow of the dragon hovered around Jian Wushuang as he moved.

Massive wings covered the sky, and sharp claws could tear through space.

This was the true origin source of space, the beloved child of the entire spatial realm, free to roam as it pleased.

A crimson light flickered at the center of Jian Wushuangs eyebrows. He gazed at the illusion of the Candle Dragon with a longing expression.

Innate Emperor!

Within the vast expanse of space, he encompassed millions of Devouring Demons.

Jian Wushuang gripped his sword with both hands and swung it!

The enormous Sword Qi scattered into countless beams, filling the entire space.

The strongest sword strike!

Or one could say, the most perfect Sword Principle for mass slaughter with the strongest Sword Intent so far.

Throughout history, those who wielded swords must achieve such a feat to be recorded in the annals.

Swoosh!

In the waves of Sword Qi, mixed with countless Sword Intents, all the Devouring Demons were slain.

One sword, a million lives!

A million 2-Star Devouring Demons were all slain with a single sword strike.

On the entire battlefield, less than two million had fallen, half of them at his hands.

The others, upon witnessing this swordplay, held their breath. Especially the top-level Grand Yan Immortals. They could, at best, manage to kill one Devouring Demon with a single strike, yet Jian Wushuang had slain a million on his own.

The corpses of a million Devouring Demons rained down from the sky, a truly spectacular sight.

On the other end of the army, Si Tian noticed Jian Wushuangs movement. There was a bitter smile in his eyes.

Reluctant as he was, he had to admit, Jian Wushuang outclassed him in so many ways, not just in terms of his domain.

His divine body and origin source were far more powerful, especially his abundant Yan power, at least a hundred times stronger than Si Tians.

The disparity was immense. If translated into combat power, even if Si Tian fought Jian Wushuang for a whole day, Jian Wushuangs breathing wouldnt be disturbed. Even if Si Tian kept consuming pills, he wouldnt be able to keep up with Jian Wushuangs pace.

With one strike, Jian Wushuang wiped out a million Devouring Demons. His expression remained unchanged, and he seemed ready for more. If it were any other Dao Lord, they probably wouldnt be able to handle this pressure.

Come at me again! Jian Wushuang shouted.

The treasure points poured into his identity token like flowing water. Killing a million 2-Star Devouring Demons was rewarded with 100,000 treasure points. With the additional boost from his position as the commander, it amounted to 150,000 treasure points.

His immense Yan power allowed him to do as he pleased.

Now, all the Original Planets were occupied by practitioners of the Ultimate Dao, the most powerful individuals in the realm of the origin source. That was the allure of the Ultimate Dao.

Even though everyone was at the half-step Emperor level, practitioners of the Ultimate Dao were inherently stronger than other origin source practitioners. Particularly in this kind of trial, practitioners of the Ultimate Dao had a significant advantage. Their Yan power reserves were dozens of times stronger than those of other practitioners.

Other Dao Lords might exhaust their strength after killing two million, but the Ultimate Dao still had the power to kill 20 million effortlessly.

Especially Jian Wushuang, his primal source of the Extreme Dao surpassed even the Ultimate Dao. Even if it were 100 million, he could slowly wear down these Devouring Demons.

With the first strike, there came the second.

Same technique, same Devouring Demons.

Crash!

Another million Devouring Demons fell. This scene not only stunned the Grand Yan Immortals on the battlefield but also astonished the powerful beings observing from the Original Planets.

In the rankings of the Original Planet Alpha 9, Jian Wushuangs treasure points increased by 150,000 with every change, with no more than five breaths in between.

What kind of concept was this?

One sword, a million Devouring Demons, and 150,000 treasure points.

The former represented strength, the latter represented opportunity.

As long as they had either, they would be content.

This was the contemporary outstanding genius.

At this moment, everyone placed Jian Wushuang in the first position, surpassing the brilliance shown previously by Hu Qing and Heavenly Emperor Wan Xing.

One planet, three Emperors!

The Original Planet Alpha 9, which previously didnt have any Half-Step Emperors, now had three half-step Emperors.

After leaving the Qishen Temple, they would consider todays events as an experience!

The growth of an extraordinary Grand Yan Immortal, witnessed by everyone!

Millions of Devouring Demons, all resolved within the time it takes to drink a cup of tea. Eight million of them were slain by Jian Wushuang alone.

Rankings!

First: Jian Wushuang

Second: Heavenly Emperor Wan Xing

Third: Monster Monk Hu Qing Fourth: Dao Lord Xue Yue

Fifth: Dao Lord Leng Shuang

Sixth: Ji Chaoyang

Seventh: Dao Lord Si Tian

Interestingly, Ji Chaoyang remained sixth, while Si Tian fell to seventh place.

Ji Chaoyang and Hu Qing were assigned to the North City Wall. Considering Hu Qings non-confrontational nature, Ji Chaoyang lucked out.

Dao Lord Xue Yue excelled in his field, and Leng Shuang naturally couldnt compete.

When Si Tian saw the list, his face turned ashen. He personally killed a million, but only gained a little over 100,000 treasure points. With his previous accumulation, it didnt exceed 300,000 treasure points.

His attempt to seize the Candle Dragon Wings had utterly failed.

Its over!

After the sixth wave of attacks ended, with a whole day for preparation, many people teleported to the City Lords Mansion, ready to exchange treasures and make breakthroughs.

From the seventh wave onward, the real challenge began.

The seventh and eighth waves were manageable, but the ninth wave consisted of millions of 3-Star Devouring Demons, posing a threat even to extreme-level Grand Yan Immortals. For Jian Wushuang, it would be a tough battle as well.

Glancing at the leaderboard, he noted that apart from him, Wan Xing had also surpassed a million.

They probably havent finished yet. I need to go to the City Lords Mansion ahead of them, Jian Wushuang thought, his pupils contracting.

Just as he set foot on the city wall, he teleported into the City Lords Mansion.

Inside the mansions grand hall, hundreds of people had been sitting cross-legged for a long time. Most of them were retired from the fifth wave of attacks on other city walls, with a few coming from the East city wall. When they saw someone teleporting in, many of them looked over, wanting to inquire about the situation outside.

When they saw it was Jian Wushuang, they all stopped in their tracks, not daring to approach.

Jian Wushuang had no time to care about these people. He took another step and entered the Treasure Hall once again.

Familiar surroundings, familiar old man.

The old man had snow-white hair and a pair of spiral-shaped horns. His body was unusually robust, with only white beard and hair concealing the muscular contours of his body..