Chapter 5257: The Secret of the Beast God Weapons

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The true top experts were the tier 6 Emperors or the tier 5 Emperors with special abilities.

Just like the old man with goat horns, despite being only tier 5 in strength, he could forge treasures that were second only to Eternal Treasures.

Back then, he was a prominent figure even among the guests at the Qishen Temple, comparable in status to tier 6 Emperors. Even the Universe Masters treated him with respect.

Alright, thats enough. Young man, hurry up and choose your treasures!

Jian Wushuang smiled, Your story, Senior, is truly fascinating. Ive learned a lot from it and realized the treasures I need.

Is that so? Have you set your eyes on something? the City Lord, Qiuhuang, asked, looking curiously at Jian Wushuang while weighing the treasures in his hands.

Golden crystal origin source!

Qiuhuangs face twitched with surprise, slightly puzzled, but he managed to keep his composure. He didnt inquire further and simply nodded.

Wood crystal origin source!

Now Qiuhuang couldnt sit still. These several types of elemental origins were usually ignored by others. Why was this young man not buying the treasures he recommended and instead choosing these?

Fire crystal origin source, and also earth crystal origin!

Jian Wushuang listed all four elemental origin sources he needed in one breath.

The four heaven-earth origin source, 400,000 treasure points. Are you sure you want to exchange for them? Qiuhuang asked, finding it hard to believe.

Jian Wushuang nodded firmly and replied, Im sure!

He had come for these four origin sources in the first place. The reason he had spent so much time talking to Qiuhuang was to extract some useful information.

Qiuhuang had just realized that he had been played by this young man.

However, it was only when he sensed the change in Jian Wushuangs aura that he discovered the hidden truth.

Do you know about the Beast God Weapons? Qiuhuang asked, slightly incredulous.

Oh? Senior is interested in the Beast God Weapons too?

Heh, more than just interested! Qiuhuangs expression turned serious, and he guessed, Let me ask you, did the old man with the sheep horns from the Treasure Hall send you to exchange these four origin sources?

Senior, you know about that? Jian Wushuang sensed something amiss in

Qiuhuangs words.

I knew it!

Qiuhuang breathed a sigh of relief, his face once again wearing a smile. He continued, Kid, I can tell you for certain, youve been deceived!

Youve been fooled by that old man with three eyes. He sent you to exchange these four origin sources just so he could have you help him refine a treasure! Jian Wushuang furrowed his brows, puzzled by Qiuhuangs words.

He knew the old man with the sheep horns was a Divine Craftsman, a powerful expert specialized in crafting treasures. Without his confirmation, he wouldnt dare spend so many treasure points to exchange these heaven-earth origin sources.

Now, this old man was telling him that he had been deceived. What did he mean?

You dont need to act like you dont understand, Qiuhuang said emphatically. Let me make it clear to you: the components of these two Beast God Weapons cant be integrated at all. If they could, do you think your status as a Grand Yan Immortal is more important, or the importance of the Beast God Weapons?

Qiuhuangs words left Jian Wushuang stunned!

Indeed!

What level of treasure were these Beast God Weapons?

First of all, Jian Wushuang was certain that they were likely more powerful than Eternal Treasures.

If it was such a powerful treasure, how could it be exchanged for them, Grand Yan Immortals?

Could there be some hidden facts? Jian Wushuang was a bit confused and blurted out something not very sensible. Could it be that Qishen Temple is plotting to take my Candle Dragon Eye?

Pfft!

Qiuhuang, sitting above, almost burst out laughing.

Hahaha, are you trying to make me die of laughter?

Qishen Temple plotting against a treasure on a Grand Yan Immortal like you, hahaha, this is the best joke Ive heard so far. Perhaps I wont hear a joke funnier than this in my entire life.

Jian Wushuang was utterly dumbfounded.

Qiuhuang struggled to contain his laughter and explained, Youngster, first of all, I can guarantee that Qishen Temple will never deceive you about your treasure. You can rest assured about that.

At most, it might be Yang Sanmu Otrying to deceive you. I know about that

Candle Dragon Wing; indeed, it is a Beast God Weapon. But within the Beast God Weapons, it carries its own origin source. Now that the Candle Dragon has long been shattered, the origin source has disappeared. Without the Candle Dragons origin source, how could the Beast God Weapons integrate?

Qiuhuang continued, Do you think that with the five great heaven-earth origin sources alone, you can integrate the Beast God Weapons?

The Beast God Weapons of old contained a complete spatial origin source. And, do you know who crafted these Beast God Weapons?

Jian Wushuangs expression was nothing but shock and astonishment!

First, he was surprised that the Beast God Weapons were even more powerful than he had imagined. A complete spatial origin source!

Emperors couldnt control it, that was a spatial origin source comparable to the universes origin source.

It was something he didnt even dare to imagine.

If the Divine Beast Weapon was truly that powerful, Qishen Temple wouldnt have opened its doors to them, Grand Yan Immortals.bender

However, hearing Qiuhuangs explanation that the origin had already scattered. Even if he gathered the five great heaven-earth origin sources, they couldnt fuse them at all. These five great heaven-earth origin source were just fragments, not complete.

Even if they were complete, he couldnt merge into a genuine spatial origin!

Jian Wushuang, who understood everything clearly, felt utterly defeated.

That old man with goat horns seemed trustworthy!

How could he deceive him like this?

Jian Wushuang continued to ask, Please, enlighten me, Senior!

He wanted to know how this Divine Beast Weapon was crafted. He might as well quench his curiosity since he hadnt obtained the origin sources yet. He could always change his mind and not make the exchange.

Seeing Jian Wushuangs interest piqued, Qiuhuang spoke again, By telling you this, Ill change your understanding of Qishen, and make you comprehend what it means to be a starry sky overlord.

The Beast God Weapon is refined from the natural body of a Beast God. You should know that the body you see is just the Beast God Weapons outer shell. There are things that cannot be perceived through sight alone. The Beast God Weapon not only contains a complete spatial origin source, but also the consciousness of the Beast God. Those with weak power simply cant control it.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Jian Wushuang was greatly astonished!

Beast God consciousness!

When he fully utilized the Candle Dragon Domain, could it be that the Candle Dragon he summoned was the manifestation of the Candle Dragons consciousness?

Initially, he thought he had completely triggered the Candle Dragon Domain himself.

So the shadow of the Candle Dragon was actually a manifestation of consciousness.

Realizing the truth, he broke out in a cold sweat.

Qiuhuang continued, What do you think now, lad? Do you understand how difficult it is to merge now?

Even if you gather the five origin sources, you may not be able to condense a strand of spatial origin soource, let alone the consciousness of the Beast God.

Back then, Qishen slaughtered the Eight Great Beast Gods in the River of Time and Space, annihilated numerous godly realms, and then flayed them, refining them into Beast God Weapons. This was Qishens masterpiece. You think a tier 5 Divine Craftsman can just merge a Beast God Weapon for you so easily?

Thats simply wishful thinking.

Indeed, as Qiuhuang said, Qishen was a true overlord back in the day!

A treasure crafted by an overlord couldnt be replicated by a petty Divine

Craftsman.