Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5265 - 5265: Tragic

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

He wanted to earn more treasure points, but his strength didn’t allow it!

After the sword formation narrowed its range, the Devouring Demons burst forth like a dam breaking, transforming into a ferocious flood surging toward Qiuhuang City!

Standing in the middle of the city wall, Dao Lord Si Tian’s eyes glinted with madness. His hands changed, turning crimson.

“Kill! Kill! Kill!”

Tens of thousands of people formed a defensive line, facing the millions of Devouring Demons rushing towards them.

Dao Lord Si Tian led the charge, rushing out alone, turning into a streak of light that vanished from sight but left several torn void claw marks in the sky.

Numerous claw marks lingered in the sky.

Each claw caused thousands of Devouring Demons to fall, equivalent to 1,000 treasure points.

How could this not drive Dao Lord Si Tian insane!?

Soon, the defensive line collided with the Devouring Demons. Among every ten top Grand Yan Immortals, one was a peak-level Grand Yan Immortal.

Among these ten Grand Yan Immortals, there was one extreme-level Grand Yan Immortal. As for the generals and half-step Dao Lords, they patrolled the walls they were responsible for. Wherever there was a breach, they hurried to seal it.

They were willing to waste not even a moment, even burning their divine bodies to double their speed and power.

“Let’s go all out!”

A peak-level Grand Yan Immortal took the initiative, leading others to burn their divine bodies and fight desperately.

MO Long, in charge of this area, shouted, “Are you all crazy? It’s just the beginning, and you’re already burning your origin sources?”

Boom!

After punching and repelling hundreds of Devouring Demons, MO Long rushed over, quickly clearing the surrounding thousand Devouring Demons. He also sustained some injuries and promptly took out two Divine Yan

Crystals. He held one in each hand and absorbed them frantically.

Having accompanied his father and seen much, these Divine Yan Crystals were extremely rare outside but relatively cheap in the Qishen Temple. One treasure point could buy one, and they could restore Yan power.

After restoring his condition, God-Emperor MO Long sighed, looking at the battered peak-level Grand Yan Immortals. He turned and left.

Just a moment ago, they started burning their origin sources. He had wanted to say something, but upon seeing their miserable state, he realized that the situation had exceeded their understanding.

Seven out of ten top Grand Yan Immortals had fallen, leaving three with damaged divine bodies. Nearly 30 percent of their origin sources had been extracted. Repairing them in the future would take who knows how many years or treasures.

The peak-level expert was alright; he had only burned a portion of his origin source and hadn’t been devoured.

The rate of casualties this time exceeded all their previous encounters combined. They had suffered heavy losses in just 15 minutes of battle. Even though Jian Wushuang was killing at an incredible speed, it would still take a very long time. Could they hold out against the millions of troops outside the city?

Compared to others, their small team was relatively lucky. In the previous wave of attacks, many teams were completely wiped out, not a single person spared.

Jian Wushuang, at the heart of the battlefield, manipulated the grand formation with his entire being, steadily devouring these Demon Lords. For a moment, he found it easier.

Millions of Devouring Demons danced in the palm of his hand, manipulated as if they were nothing more than toys.

“My devouring power has grown stronger again!” Jian Wushuangs heart stirred. After devouring those slaughtered Demon Lords, he could clearly feel his power had increased several times over.

If he could devour an intact origin source Dao, his Extreme Dao would gain at least 30 percent of the origin source.

Unfortunately, there was no origin source for him to devour right now. He could only consume these Demon Lords, enhancing only his devouring power, albeit sating the hunger in his heart.

“It’s time!” Jian Wushuang thought.

The universe was boundless, the mysterious and yellow were one.

“One Thought Universe, arise!”

As he willed it!

At this moment, the One Thought Universe was immense, enveloping even the black mist. Jian Wushuang exerted all his thought power, and the diameter of his One Thought Universe stretched to 30 million miles.

This was his current limit!

Within the One Thought Universe, the power of the Illusory Sword Technique became even stronger, but it also consumed much more Yan power.

Jian Wushuang took out a jug of turbid wine!

He had exchanged it from Qiuhuang City, worth tens of thousands of treasure points. A drop of it could instantly restore a near-death Great Yan Immortal to their peak state.

The value of this jug could be imagined.

If God-Emperor MO Longs use of the Divine Yan Crystal was like finding cabbages in a field, then the turbid wine in Jian Wushuangs hand was like dragon meat from the heavens.

Its irresistibly sweet aroma made Jian Wushuangs appetite open wide. He tilted his head back and poured it into his mouth, his whole body emitting a faint golden glow.

Jian Wushuang took a big gulp, causing his entire being to swell up.

With a single word strike, 960 swords instantly turned into 3,600 swords, further dividing into 7,200 swords.

In the current One Thought Universe, terrifying Sword Intent filled the space.

“Now, this is what they mean by swords filling the world!” Jian Wushuangs lips curled upward.

Originally, he hadn’t planned on being so extravagant. But now, his sword principle had loosened up. It had been a long time since he had fought desperately. He wanted to see his limits, just how strong he was now.

3,600 swords could stop millions. With only seven million on the field now, he wanted to see how long these 7,200 swords could hold out, how many Devouring Demons they could slay.

Outside the city walls, a large group of Devouring Demons squeezed their bodies, trying to climb the walls. However, upon sensing the aura from behind, they turned back and charged towards Jian Wushuang’s position.

That aura drove them even crazier!

Although nearly two million Devouring Demons had been withdrawn, the situation on the city walls was still grim. After all, the withdrawn ones were just from the rear; the frontlines still faced fierce battles.

Especially at the very edge of the city wall, where the defenses were weakest. The general in charge here had been heavily injured, his divine body shattered. He single-handedly withstood tens of thousands of Devouring Demons.

Originally, this defense line had over three thousand Grand Yan Immortals, but now only a few hundred remained. Half of them were peak-level Grand Yan Immortals, the most elite among them.

“At this point, if we don’t burn our origin source, we’re as good as dead!” the general roared.

At a time like this, some still wanted to conserve their strength. If it weren’t for the rule against infighting, he would have swung his sword at these people.

Especially those extreme-level Grand Yan Immortals – the strongest but also the most afraid of death. As soon as there were over a hundred enemies, they bypassed others and changed positions on their own.

This section of the city wall was on the verge of collapse and couldn’t be defended anymore. Just in this segment, there were 100,000 Devouring Demons.

The few hundred people defending here couldn’t stop them and were quickly forced near the protective barrier.

This was the first time they had been pushed to this position.

Rumble…

The Devouring Demons surged forward. At this moment, the city wall was packed with them, at least 70,000 to 80,000.

The Dao Lord Si Tian, who had been patrolling the other walls, maintaining balance, couldn’t help but curse inwardly seeing this situation.

He had to rush over to support them at full speed.

Once a breach occurred, if all these people fell, the Devouring Demons could turn into a gaping maw and devour all the Grand Yan Immortals on the city wall. When the people were dead and the wall was breached, before the ninth wave even arrived, this defense line would be useless. They would be forced to retreat entirely..𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m