Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5277: Shan Jun

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Devouring Demons! t

Why does it seem like these creatures are everywhere?

In the Qishen Temple, there was immense hatred for these Devouring Demons; they sharpened their skills on these creatures. These things, they were akin to locusts, numerous and insatiable!

Is this a collective? Jian Wushuang wondered aloud.

They didnt seem much like individual life forms.

As Zhu Qi passed by the Eternal Tower, with just a glance, he annihilated all the Devouring Demons surrounding the vicinity of the tower.

Hmph!

Jian Wushuang observed closely. After the Devouring Demons dissipated into mist after being killed, they returned to the mountaintop.

At this moment, they were heading towards the mountaintop too, taking the winding path. In no time, they reached the summit.bender

The view from the mountaintop surprised Jian Wushuang. It wasnt as good as expected!

Clang, clang.

The sound of heavy chains echoed around the mountaintop.

Show yourself! Zhu Qis voice was icy.

Crack!

A burly figure emerged from behind a stone pillar. It was a humanoid beast, its hands, feet, waist, and neck bound by chains. There was even a massive barb lodged in its chest, hooking onto its bones tightly.

Zhu Qi!

Shan Jun!

From Zhu Qis words, Jian Wushuang learned that the creature before them was called Shan Jun.

What was more crucial, this Shan Jun happened to be one of the Devouring Demon Lords.

By orders, escort the person into the Demon-Sealing Pillar for body tempering! Zhu Qis voice remained as indifferent as ever.

Shan Juns fierce fangs trembled slightly in his mouth.

What? Do I need to report to this prisoner when bringing someone in?

Jian Wushuang was a bit surprised. The existence was right; why report to the prisoner at all?

If he were in the outside world at this moment and saw Zhu Qi, he would have been shocked!

Because this cold and emotionless woman was shedding tears.

To the point where Jian Wushuangs vision became blurry.

It seems there are hidden secrets behind this! Jian Wushuangs lips curled upwards as he calculated something in his mind.

Shan Juns gaze remained fierce and menacing. Its crimson eyes turned, staring directly into Zhu Qis eyes without any reservation. Jian Wushuang could clearly see, as if the two of them were having a stare-down.

Then come in!

Shan Jun moved lightly, pulling the chains from the Demon-Sealing Pillar, revealing a small, delicate doorframe.

No one has used it for years. Now that someone is here, the days to come wont be lonely anymore.

Zhu Qis body trembled slightly. She walked straight past Shan Jun and, extending her hand, placed Jian Wushuang, who was in her hand, into the Demon- Sealing Pillar.

Seeing this, Shan Jun furrowed his brows but didnt say much. He blocked the gap on the Demon-Sealing Pillar with his back once again.

Then he tightly closed his eyes, completely ignoring Zhu Qi standing in front of him.

Whoosh!

Jian Wushuangs figure turned into a streak of light and fell into the bottom of the Demon-Sealing Pillar.

Boom!

His feet slammed heavily into the ground, and Jian Wushuangs battle armor was already exposed, constantly protecting himself.

He hadnt fully recovered his strength yet; if there was any danger, he wouldnt be able to resist.

After stabilizing his figure, he scanned the surroundings and noticed that Zhu

Qi hadnt followed him.

Inside the Demon-sealing Pillar, there was a completely different world. The ground here was incredibly smooth, almost unnaturally so, and exceptionally firm.

When he landed heavily on the ground, not a single trace was left behind.

Everything around him seemed empty, except for a nine-story tower standing before him, about a hundred feet tall.

Besides the tower, there was also a giant furnace.

Jian Wushuang walked to the side of the furnace and looked around, realizing there was no one in sight.

Was he supposed to explore this place alone?

Under the furnace, there was a natural underground fire burning the fire dragon to a bright red.

Universe Bronze Furnace!

Jian Wushuang saw several ancient characters protruding above; these were the characters of the Giant God Clan, and Jian Wushuang recognized them.

That old man from Qiuhuang City hadnt mentioned this Universe Bronze Furnace.

Phew!

Just as Jian Wushuang was about to sit down cross-legged to restore his strength, black smoke emerged from above the bronze furnace.

This scene was familiar to Jian Wushuang; it was very similar to the several old men inside Qiuhuang City, incredibly alike.

The black mist condensed and eventually took on a human form.

Different from Qiuhuang and the others, this figure shrouded in black mist appeared noticeably younger.

Clad in dazzling black armor, with sharp sword-like brows and starry eyes, his facial features were distinct. With a hint of beard on his cheeks, he exuded a heroic aura.

Jian Wushuang, as always, bowed respectfully.

Junior Jian Wushuang pays respects to the Senior, he said.

The middle-aged man in black armor merely nodded and then floated to the entrance of the tower.

How much do you know about this trial tower? he asked.

Jian Wushuang raised his head and glanced up and down the trial tower.

l dont know much, he replied. Ive only heard from Senior Qiuhuang that a supreme physique requires nine refinements. This should be the ninth level of this trial tower.

The middle-aged man in black armor nodded slightly. After a moment of silence, he answered, Thats about right.

The trial tower was not originally forged for the physical body, and neither was the cosmic bronze furnace.

Jian Wushuang looked puzzled.

The trial tower was created for tempering the physical body. The Universe Bronze Furnace is the true tool for refining the undying body. The treasures you exchange for will be used in the cosmic bronze furnace in the future.

After a conversation between the two, Jian Wushuang finally understood the terror when these two were combined.

In the Universe Bronze Furnace, there was the origin source of the universe, coupled with the eternal ground fire. Just a wisp of flame was enough to make Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortals fall.

Without a divine body magnified 10,000 times, even Dao Lords wouldnt last a joss sticks worth of time inside.

And the nine refinements? Just the first refinement alone would take an hour, and in the later stages, it would require tens of thousands of years of refinement within.

l see you still have injuries on you. Whenever you are ready, you can call me, the middle-aged man said.

Senior, may I know if there is time acceleration here? Jian Wushuang asked, feeling somewhat uneasy.

Rest assured, the flow rate has already been increased to 200,000 times when you entered here.

As soon as the middle-aged mans words fell, his figure returned to the Universe Bronze Furnace.

Within the entire Demon-sealing Pillar, only Jian Wushuang remained.

Now, his task was to first recover from his injuries and then enhance his divine body.

Every time he was injured, his origin source would become stronger than before.

This was a unique characteristic of the Extreme Dao. He wondered how much he could improve this time.

Sitting cross-legged in an open space, he began to operate his origin source.

Whoosh!

A huge starry image appeared all around him. Jian Wushuang seemed to be sitting within the starry sky.

The loss of the Extreme Dao origin source this time isnt actually that much, Jian Wushuang said with a smile. He had claimed to be heavily injured, but truthfully, he hadnt suffered such serious losses before.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Various treasures were casually summoned and floated into his body, ultimately entering the origin source column.

Melt!

Inside the origin source column.

Jian Wushuangs original core transformed into a smaller version of himself. It manipulated numerous treasures and began repairing the origin source..