Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5278: Recover the Divine Body

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The loss of origin source this time was mainly in the realm of Extreme Dao. After all, the self-destruction was caused by Thought power, and even the sword formation self-destructed alongside it, but the sword formation itself was a manifestation of Thought power.

So the consumption of the Ultimate Sword Dao was not significant.

This time, he didnt exchange too much Sword Dao origin source. The main purpose was still the repair and advancement of the Extreme Dao.

Having devoured countless Demons, the fourth level of Extreme Dao was already full.

During this recovery period, he could attempt to break through to the fifth level!

As for the Ultimate Sword Dao, he didnt have thoughts of breakthrough at the moment. This was also related to the complexity of his origin source.

After this incident, he must separate the Extreme Dao and the Sword Dao.

While they could complement each other in secret techniques or martial arts,

when it came to origin source, they had to be clearly distinguished.

The Sword Dao emphasized slaughter, and it was extremely pure!

It was the Pure Yang Sword Body.

It must not be mixed.

However, the Extreme Dao was different; it was more like a sect where all Daos converged.

Understanding all things, mastering the great ways of all things, encompassing the universe.

The two had different scopes. Although their fusion now seemed strong, when it came to unifying the Daos in the future, it would become quite a headache.

The transformation of all things!

The repair of the Extreme Dao involved the use of many treasures, including some of the Emperors origin source and some incomplete origin source Daos.

These origin sources were not conspicuous in the treasure trove; back then, he had exchanged two hundred thousand treasure points worth of origin source from Qiuhuang for them.

All for this devouring.

First, he would let the Extreme Dao be satisfied, and then he would repair those broken flaws.

On the majestic pillar of origin source, a crack appeared.

Jian Wushuang, in his spiritual form, flew directly towards the extreme-level origin source. He took out a leaf and, following Qiuhuangs instructions, placed the leaf into the cracks on the pillar.

The cracks on the pillar began to mend at a visible speed, one by one, under Jian Wushuangs hands. The dozens of treasures he had collected were exhausted within just three days.

Finally, the first step was completed.

The Extreme Dao origin source was fully restored!

He hadnt used the pollen of the Abyss Flower yet; he planned to use it for his Ultimate Sword Dao.

Boom! Boom!

After the Extreme Dao was completely restored, there was a scene of rebirth inside it. Bathing in his spiritual form, Jian Wushuang felt his body and mind relax. His eyes brightened, and even his soul realm increased rapidly.

Fine, Ill give you five of them!

There were clear signs of loosening in the Extreme Dao. He took out five pollens of the Abyss Flower, originally prepared for his Ultimate Sword Dao, and injected them into the origin source energy column.

The Abyss Flower.

A flower bloomed, rootless and traceless, colorless and tasteless.

It drifted on the other side of the river of time and space, seemingly unrelated to the entire universe or time and space.

Yet its overflow was the essence of the entire river of time and space.

In ancient times.

The river of time and space was not as lifeless as it is now. Back then, cultivators, whether Emperors or the most pinnacle existences in the universe, all coveted an Abyss Flower.

Its value could rival that of the entire universe.

But this heaven-defying treasure wasnt obtained through strength; it was a matter of luck.

It was said that the Abyss Flower grew in the river of time and space, but according to Qiuhuangs words, it was very likely to grow in the heart.

If it resides in the heart of a powerful being, wherever their heart desires and their eyes behold, an Abyss Flower will bloom.

Jian Wushuang initially thought it was obtained by that supremely strong individual based on their strength. Now, it appeared it wasnt just about power, but also luck and great opportunities.

Having acquired this Abyss Flower, she didnt use it for herself. Instead, she gifted it to Qishen Temple, her friend Zhu Yi.

Such selflessness was beyond Jian Wushuang. Among the people she knew, perhaps only Xuan Yi could do the same. These days, Hu Qing might be able to achieve such generosity too.

What was this? It was boundless generosity, ones hearts desire willing to be shared even to the extent of giving away ones life. In this aspect, Jian Wushuang remembered the Tongtian Buddha Realm; it was their ancient tradition.

In the Great Si Region, not to mention Abyss Flowers, just a minor outer hall of Qishen Temple almost led to the complete annihilation of the entire era, all because of Zhen Wuyangs rage. He had almost wiped out an entire era. The more Jian Wushuang looked, the more miraculous it seemed. To think that he could obtain such a treasure one day. Although it was merely the flowers pollen, it was enough. After all, he wasnt an Emperor.

The five pollen grains, within the origin source, transformed into fist-sized objects, gradually expanding. Without hesitation, she opened her arms wide.

The flower bloomed, then withered. When it bloomed, the pollen ascended, tasteless yet melancholic. Now, the scattering pollen represented the flowers decline.

With each sip and each breath, Jian Wushuang unexpectedly pushed his own destruction a step further, ascending several levels. This was the process of destruction and rebirth, naturally benefiting him.

Whew! The fifth level of the Extreme Dao! He had broken through.

The tremendous suction made his heart race, and his pupils suddenly contracted. For a moment, he found it hard to withstand the pressure.

Hastily, he took out five pollen grains, stabilizing the disturbance in his origin source.

Indeed, its extraordinary. Jian Wushuang stared at the pillar of origin source energy. The benefits brought by this breakthrough in Extreme Dao were not only the increase in thought power and devouring ability but also the expansion of his soul power to its limit, laying a foundation for his future perfect soul.

Especially the spatial origin source, a power only Emperors could cultivate. Jian Wushuang had truly crossed the threshold now. He hadnt fully mastered it yet, but he had gained some insight.

Few among the Grand Yan Immortals understood the spatial origin source as well as he did, thanks to the Candle Dragon Wings.

Spatial treasures were truly different.

Although it was only a fragment, it allowed him to progress much faster in understanding spatial origin source than ordinary people.

Once the Extreme Dao origin source stabilized completely, Jian Wushuang opened his eyes and let out a sigh of relief.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The first major hurdle had been crossed.

Repairing the losses from his Ultimate Sword Dao became much simpler now.

Next was the restoration of his divine body.

For his divine body, Jian Wushuang had spared no expense. Just a piece of ancient secret formula had cost him a million treasure points.

There was also the flesh and blood of the Giant God Clan, used both for healing and strengthening the foundation of his divine body.

Killing two birds with one stone.

After that, he started repairing his Sword Dao origin source. With the purest treasures and a heart devoted to Sword Dao, the restoration process went smoothly.bender

The only regret was that he had used up all ten pollen grains, and he had no clue about how to break through to the seventh layer.

It seemed he was truly stuck at this massive hurdle.

Inside the Demon-Sealing Pillar, time flew by like a hundred years.

Repairing the origin source took only about a year, but fixing the divine body took over a hundred years.

This restoration process had multiplied his divine bodys strength by over 1,000 times.

Now, he had barely stepped into the ranks of those cosmic-level Special Life Forms.

Back in the Great Si Region, the strongest among those special beings were merely 2,000 times stronger. Now, he had surpassed those special beings born within the domain, truly matching up to cosmic-level Special Life Forms..