Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5280: Fish Meats Buff

Translator: Endlessantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Unfortunately, he hadnt even entered the woods when he heard a tigers roar!

This roar of the tiger in the mountains made him stop in his tracks.

At that moment, he had to consider whether he would be truly dead or just playing dead if he were to be eaten by the mountains tiger king.

He had to admit there was a real danger of death.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

If this were true, he had too much to guard against.

In that case, this First Refinement had really trapped him.

Even if he couldnt complete it, he had to survive here for ten years!

Wild boar!

Not a good choice.

With his current abilities, he was only slightly stronger than an ordinary person. After being suppressed in every aspect, the only animals he could possibly bully in this entire valley were little lambs.

But just as he was watching those lambs, the wolves on the high slope of the valley turned their threatening gaze towards him.

In the face of Jian Wushuang suddenly appearing in the valley, the carnivores were highly vigilant.

They didnt want to be like wild boars, easily knocked over by you.

For the whole day afterwards, Jian Wushuang observed the animals in the valley, whether they were the group of mountain goats or solitary wild boars, or even cattle and sheep, he didnt rush to make a move.

In terms of physical strength, he didnt even have the strength of a pig.

As for the wolves, he could handle one, but if two or three came at him together, he was in trouble.

In the starry sky, he had witnessed the rise of the human race, and his memories included scenes of hunting.

When strength failed, one had to rely on wits.

He used traps to capture those large livestock.

The current goal was simple: survive, fill his belly.

At ten in the afternoon, the sunlight was abundant.

Many animals were lying on the grass, basking in the sun.

Jian Wushuang sneaked into the flock of sheep and took the opportunity to sleep for two hours. He couldnt afford to sleep at night now; there was a definite risk of being attacked by carnivorous animals.

He had to rest during the day and hide in the trees at night to evade nocturnal predators. However, he wasnt idle. As night fell, he climbed the crooked-necked tree again, this time armed with a sturdy, wrist-thick wooden stick. In addition to the stick, he had also stolen several vines carried by the flock and two sharp-edged stones he had found by the river.

In the darkness of the night, his vision was dim. Using the experience he had gained during the day, he first sharpened the stones, making their edges razor- sharp. Then he started weaving the vines into ropes.

Luckily, he had been bored enough before and had seen how ancient people survived. Otherwise, he would have been completely clueless about what to do in this situation.

For three consecutive days, he spent his nights sharpening stones and weaving ropes. During the day, he mingled with the flock of sheep, finding safety under their cover. With the protection of the flock, even the wild boars didnt dare to bother him.

On the fifth day of entering the trial tower, Jian Wushuang crafted his own weapona sharp spear. The spearhead was made from a stone with distinct edges and a blood groove. At least now he could pierce through the wild boars defenses.bender

However, this was far from enough.

He didnt rush to deal with the wild boars.

In this valley, there were a considerable number of animals. The top-tier herbivores were the cattle, massive creatures that even wolf packs didnt dare to hunt.

They were gentle creatures, not posing much threat.

There were approximately 30 of them in this group.

The second threat came from wild boars. Jian Wushuang had faced numerous challenges from them. Every morning, these boars would ram into trees, forcing him to climb down from the trees early and seek refuge among the sheep.

Moreover, wild boars were aggressive and confrontational, whether they were herbivores or carnivores, they would provoke others.

With two sharp tusks, even the wolf pack didnt dare to confront them head-on.

There were around a hundred of these boars, but they scattered around and didnt usually stay in groups.

Apart from these two significant adversaries, there wasnt much to worry about.

Horse herds, like the sheep, were extremely gentle and posed no threat.

However, Jian Wushuang didnt dare to engage them either for the time being.

During the night, he noticed that the wolves mostly ambushed lone animals on the outskirts of the sheep flock and didnt dare to attack the flock directly.

After all, the sheep were in great numbers, easily over a thousand, while the wolf pack only had a few dozen members.

The sheeps horns were not just for show.

It seems I can only try my luck by the river, Jian Wushuang gripped his spear. The stone at the tip of the spear was securely fastened with a rope, making it a solid unit.

Once at the river, he began moving some stones to block the flow of water. The gaps were only as wide as a finger, and even fish larger than a palm couldnt pass through.

After setting everything up, Jian Wushuang patiently waited for fish to swim downstream.

For so many days, he had been surviving on fruits, losing a lot of weight. Since returning to being a mortal, he slowly regained that familiar feeling.

The Earth!

Jian Wushuang sighed. Once he could fly, he would never run again. Now, he longed to soar through the skies. If he could fly, he wouldnt fear the wild boars or even the tiger king in the mountains.

Splash!

Water splashed as Jian Wushuang thrust his spear forcefully into the river.

He jumped directly into the swift current and, through the clear water, saw the large fish he had speared at the riverbed.

As he had expected, in these past few days, besides crafting weapons, he had been observing the river for fish and potential predators like brown bears. Thankfully, after several days of observation, there were no bears, but there were quite a few fish.

Todays catch was enough to provide him with a satisfying meal. By the small riverbank, he quickly prepared the fish, although the process was rough, it filled his stomach nonetheless.

Currently lacking a proper shelter, he didnt dare to light a fire, so he had to eat the fish raw.

The rich, clear river water had washed the fish meat, removing any fishy taste, leaving it cool and refreshing. After devouring the whole fish, he felt a surge of heat throughout his body, as if he was filled with immense strength, a power he didnt know how to release.

Jian Wushuang picked up a stone by the river, swung his hand, and split the hard cobblestone into two halves with a single blow.

Im definitely stronger than before.

My strength is increasing!

Jian Wushuang was astonished. It turned out these things he consumed were significant tonics, not just ordinary items.

He didnt know how strong he was when he first entered, but now he could tell that the strength in his hands had definitely exceeded a thousand kilograms.

A leap, a swing of his sword, these hadnt changed much. However, his running speed had increased significantly. His mundane body had gained an extra ounce of strength.

And this was just from one fish. If he had consumed the wild boar he saw earlier

Jian Wushuangs eyes gleamed with excitement. Now when he looked at those livestock, his eyes emitted an enticing light.

Finally, he understood the essence of this First Refinement.

Eating a single fish increased his strength by hundreds of kilograms. If he ate all the livestock here, would he, in his mortal body, possess the strength to shatter the heavens?

And this was only the first layer!

After consuming these livestock, he would have passed the first layer. Then, entering the universes bronze furnace and enduring the furnaces refinement, that would be the true first trial..