Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5283: Fighting Tiger King!

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

And on Jian Wushuangs back, three blood-red gashes marked where the wild wolves had attacked, fresh blood trailing down, flesh turned inside out, a gruesome sight.

The three-foot sword in his hands was wielded with utmost precision.bender

For a moment, neither side gained much advantage.

l underestimated these beasts a bit. Jian Wushuang retreated to the side of a towering ancient tree, his bone sword in front of him, covering his eyes, observing the wolves in front of him only from beneath the blade.

This scene felt incredibly familiar to him. He felt as if he had drawn his sword a hundred thousand times, and every time, it was under this tree.

Now, he didnt have that much inspiration. When the wolves pounced, he flipped his body, lightly stepping on the tree trunk with the tip of his foot, and his body shot out like a dragon.

Capture the leader first! In terms of strategy, these wild wolves were far lacking.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

He had long set his sights on the wolf king, but he dared not show his killing intent in his eyes; the wolves would sense it. Thats why he used the sword to cover his eyes, staring at the lower half of the wolf king.

With this leap, he covered dozens of yards, heading straight for the wolf kings position.

The wolf pack realized the danger, but it was too late.

A swords cold brilliance!

The wolf kings massive head rolled to the ground. Jian Wushuang stood in the wolf kings place, his gaze icy as he scanned the remaining wild wolves.

Howls!

With the death of the wolf king, these wild wolves were torn between avenging their leader and retreating.

Now that half the wolf pack was dead or injured, if they fought, the entire pack would perish today.

Just as both sides hesitated, Jian Wushuang felt a chill creeping up his back, a deep sense of dread.

The wolf pack sensed the problem too. They wanted to escape, but it was already too late.

A large yellow- spotted tiger leaped out, easily taking down a wild wolf with a single bite. then dashed around. completely scattering the wolf Dack.

Tiger King! Jian Wushuang was drenched in cold sweat.

In an instant, half of the wolf pack was wiped out. The tigers agility surpassed his own. In terms of strength, it effortlessly knocked down an ancient tree with a diameter of ten yards, displaying a force well beyond a hundred thousand pounds. He was clearly no match.

Run!

Jian Wushuangs only thought now was to save his life. He needed to get out of there before he became tiger food. Based on his estimation, he could probably handle the Tiger King after consuming the entire herd of cattle and gaining a

strength of around a hundred thousand pounds. But now was not the time.

With swift and precise steps, he kept leaping forward. The Tiger King, having disposed of the wolf pack, stood on a moss-covered rock, watching Jian Wushuangs retreating figure with pale yellow eyes filled with murderous intent.

In the valley, there was a delicate balance between the wolf pack and the Tiger King. Now, because of Jian Wushuang, the wolf pack was decimated. If they could also eliminate him, the whole valley would belong to the Tiger King. The herds of cattle and sheep would be its backyard.

Standing on the rock, the Tiger King let out a fierce roar that echoed through the mountains, scattering flocks of birds from the trees.

The Tiger King was much faster than Jian Wushuang. With every step, it covered dozens of yards.

Their chase through the forest was conspicuously intense.

Im done for! Jian Wushuang whispered to himself, abruptly halting his steps.

Ahead, there was a cliff, and below it was the upstream waterfall. If he jumped, he would surely meet his end in a thousand-foot fall.

The Tiger King also slowed down, cautiously observing Jian Wushuang from all sides.

The outcome of their battle could change in an instant; anything could happen at the drop of a hat.

Jian Wushuang hastily ripped a piece of cloth from his clothes, wiped his sword clean, and prepared for a desperate fight.

His ordinary swordsmanship might not be enough to handle this Tiger King, but he had no other choice.

After scrutinizing Jian Wushuang for a moment, as if sensing his vulnerability, the Tiger King let out a low growl and leaped towards Jian Wushuang.

Facing the ferocious jaws, Jian Wushuang had no time to turn around. He swung his bone sword, its pure white blade gleaming like flowing light.

Barely managing to flip over and evade the attack with a swift movement of his swordlight, Jian Wushuang fought against the Tiger King. Utilizing its powerful tiger claws, the Tiger King disrupted Jian Wushuangs fierce swordlight. As they separated, the Tiger King swung its tail, knocking the bone sword from Jian Wushuangs hand. The Tiger King, highly intelligent, quickly realized Jian Wushuangs reliance on the bone sword. Without it, he wouldnt stand a chance against the Tiger Kings onslaught.

Jian Wushuang felt his wrist go numb as the bone sword slipped from his grasp, landing aside. His cunning mind wouldnt let this opportunity slip away. Clenching his left fist, he struck the Tiger Kings back fiercely. The force behind this punch was tremendous, sending shockwaves through the Tiger Kings body, forcing it back several steps. Jian Wushuang also took a few steps back, clutching his right arm, trying to catch his breath.

The skin of this beast is incredibly thick! Jian Wushuang gritted his teeth, feeling the soreness in his wrist.

His punch, which could kill a water buffalo, had minimal effect on the Tiger King. Now without his bone sword and with his current condition, continuing the fight would be highly unfavorable.

Fortunately, having experienced the Tiger Kings attacks before, Jian Wushuang narrowly evaded the subsequent bites several times.

Huff! His breathing gradually became unstable; he had expended too much energy. Without Yan power to replenish him, his physical strength, even at this point, was far lacking. This was the limit of the mortal realm. Physical strength was merely the first step. At the moment, his strength was just over thirty thousand jin, a mere scratch on the surface when accumulated in his flesh, just a step towards opening up his meridians.

This was the first refinement, and he hadnt noticed anything particularly special about it. Even if he slaughtered all the beasts in the gorge, consuming them entirely, he would only gain a million jin in strength. Stacking that onto his physical body was at best opening a hundred and eight veins, pushing his mortal body to its limits. Yet, this was just the mundane realm.

This bit of physical strength, not to mention an Immortal, even an ordinary cultivator could easily crush him. This wasnt what he desired. He was too weak. Even though it was only the first refinement, it was still too feeble, falling far below his expectations.

Feeling the wound on his back, the burning pain made Jian Wushuang sweat profusely, mingling with his blood. A gruesome gash adorned his forehead, horrifying to behold.

He couldnt afford to drag this out any longer. Jian Wushuang steeled his resolve; he had to make a desperate move!

The Tiger King lowered its head; its pale yellow eyes glowed with a murderous aura.

Thud!

A gust of wind swept by, and the Tiger King pounced again. This time, Jian Wushuang didnt evade; he had little strength left to dodge. He bent his legs, arched his body backward, eyeing the bone sword not far away.

He focused his attention.

In the split second that the Tiger King lunged, he slid on the ground, reaching beneath the Tiger Kings belly, grabbing the bone sword. With all his might, he stabbed it into the Tiger Kings abdomen.

He used every ounce of his strength, gripping the bone sword tightly with both hands. Leveraging the Tiger Kings momentum, the bone sword cut a several-foot-long gash in its abdomen.

Hot blood sprayed, covering Jian Wushuang. The Tiger Kings massive body fell heavily to the ground, dead beyond death.

Jian Wushuang released the bone sword, collapsing onto the ground, gasping for air. Tiger blood trickled from his mouth, mixing with his sweat, making his entire body boil. He was undergoing a transformation..