Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5289: At the Fifth Layer

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Demon Sound Mountain.

The surrounding notes from all directions intoxicated people.

The universe origin source on the Demon-Sealing Pillar gleamed brilliantly!

After Jian Wushuang followed Shan Jun out of the Demon- Suppressing Pillar, the Beast God Realm stopped operating.

After thousands of years of accumulation, Jian Wushuangs aura had undergone a huge change.

Especially the changes to his physical body.

In the past, his ethereal form was merely a shadow, but now, with his body perfected, he could effortlessly transform it into the most powerful physique, even taking on the shape of a mythical beast.

Senior Shan Jun, this origin source on the mountaintop!

Jian Wushuang gazed at the galaxy m like universe origin source, his mind enraptured and deeply captivated!

It was simply breathtaking. He had witnessed a similar scene in the Universe Bronze Cauldron, but this grandeur, this boundless origin source, surpassed the remnants left by the Emperor by countless times.

Even the tens of thousands of intertwined sword origins he had captured outside Qiuhuang City couldnt compare to this single strand of origin source.

He was too strong.

Shan Juns true form, an evil giant beast, raised its enormous head and also gazed at the sky.

This is the universes origin source, comparable to the origin source of your Original Universe!

Jian Wushuang was deeply shocked!𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Comparable to the Original Universe!

How incredibly powerful was the Original Universe? It had nurtured countless domains and birthed numerous cosmic powerhouses. Its origin source was the foundation of all domains.

Controlling a domain could elevate one to the status of an Emperor.

But a universe?

Jian Wushuang dared not imagine it. This immensely powerful origin source was beyond his reach.

The origin source in the Cosmic Bronze Cauldron, though similar in aura, was significantly smaller in scale.

Jian Wushuang, your journey is still far from over. In truth, theres no need to be overly devoted to your physical body!

Shan Jun surprisingly started to persuade him.

If others had witnessed this, they would have found it unbelievable.

The Devouring Demon Lord, possessing the formidable power of tier 6, was actually caring for Jian Wushuang, a Grand Yan Immortal, in such a way, always reminding him.

Jian Wushuang was overwhelmed by the favor and did not know how to answer.

Your origin source is incredibly strong, but your divine body is only average. Even with the enhancement of extraordinary treasures, this is not a sustainable strategy!

Presently, you should focus solely on the Dao, continuously expanding the advantage of your origin source. Merging the Dao within the Qishen Temple is not difficult. Youll understand it later. The real challenge lies in expanding your origin source.

Shan Jun saw through Jian Wushuang from the start. Although he couldnt perceive the existence of the Extreme Dao, by observing Jian Wushuangs potent origin source, he could guess that Jian Wushuang was the Ultimate Dao,

As an existence on the Ultimate Dao, neglecting the strengthening of the origin source and breaking through oneself, choosing instead to refine the physical body, especially with only an average divine body, seemed unwise to him.

In his eyes, Jian Wushuang shouldnt be so unwise.

Although he had never practiced himself, as the former main cultivator of the Dao in the Qishen Temple, there werent many Emperors stronger than him when it came to cultivation matters.

Upon hearing this, Jian Wushuang made up his mind and decided to share his plans with Shan Jun.

Of course, he only disclosed a part of his future plans. Even though Shan Jun had shown him great favor, there were certain things that even parents or mentors couldnt be told as a practitioner.

For example, the existence of the Extreme Dao!

Shan Jun, who was beside him, listened to Jian Wushuangs narration. His eyes flickered, and his crimson eyes sparkled.

Beast God Weapon!

Only when he heard this name did Shan Juns eyes narrow.

Buzz!

Jian Wushuang immediately revealed the Candle Dragon Wings.

In general, the Beast God Domain was hard to discern, but the Candle Dragon

Wings were a unique pair.

Splash!

The spatial cleaving represented that the Candle Dragon was the master of space.

Shan Juns pupils contracted. After silently calming his emotions, he spoke,

You mentioned that there is another part in the hands of another trial participant?

Jian Wushuang nodded and replied, I speculate that what he possesses should be the Candle Dragons Claw.

He also recounted the events involving Si Tian.

Now, the only trouble was how to retrieve the Candle Dragons Claw from Si Tians hands.

The old man with goat horns had agreed, providing the origin source for forging the Beast God Weapon, making this ancient treasure once again magnificent!

The colossal head of Shan Jun turned, its ferocious fangs trembling.

Yang Sanmu agreed to provide the origin source for you to forge the Beast God Weapon? Haha, this kids vision is just like mine, unchanged, he chuckled.

Jian Wushuang heard this statement, feeling a bit puzzled.

Elder, you also know the goat-horn senior?

Logically speaking, these two individuals shouldnt have much connection!

l know! And our relationship is quite deep! Shan Jun couldnt help but sigh.

Back then, he and Yang Sanmu had both been confined in the Third Prison!

At that time, Yang Sanmu was just an ordinary tier 5 Emperor, imprisoned in the Third Prison because he had offended the higher-ups of the Four Great Temples.

In the terrifying Third Prison, even tier 5 Emperors were in mortal danger. If it werent for him back then, Yang Sanmu probably would have perished long ago.

Little fellow, your great fortune has arrived! Shan Jun understood in his heart!

Originally, he had planned to inform Zhu Qi to come and take Jian Wushuang back.

Now it seemed unnecessary.

Jian Wushuang was walking a similar path as him.

Now he understood. Jian Wushuangs plan was something he intended to

assist with!

If he hadnt known about the Beast God Weapon, he wouldnt have helped.bender

In his view, Jian Wushuang should focus on cultivation. Breaking through the origin source was the key. Pondering these side paths was a waste of time, and such resources were also wasted.

Now it seemed he had been short- sighted.

With the enhancement from the Beast God Weapon, Jian Wushuangs divine body would improve a thousandfold. It would be effortless!

If the physical body wasnt perfected, it would reveal its flaws at that time.

How about directly reaching the pinnacle now, refining the physical body to perfection, and paving the way for both divine body and origin source in the future?

The physical body is the vessel of the divine body, and the divine body is the vessel of the origin source.

One layer complements the next!

Shan Jun and Qiuhuang, among others, only saw the second layer, mistaking

Jian Wushuang for the first layer.

In truth, Jian Wushuang was at the fifth layer!

He had already planned out everything for the future.

The physical body, divine body, origin source, space, time, and even the universe.

Among these, the physical body had the lowest cost.

This expenditure was truly insignificant.

The cost of the divine body was the highest; the rest required personal insight, and treasures didnt offer much help.

Just like enhancing the origin source, ordinary Sword Dao treasures couldnt assist Jian Wushuang at all, and powerful ones were extremely rare.

Take the strand of sword dao origin source he captured outside Qiuhuang City; it was obviously helpful to him. However, that legendary sword immortal made even Qiuhuang look up to him.

This kind of Sword Dao origin source was a treasure that could be encountered but not sought.

It couldnt be exchanged for at all.

There were indeed many treasures for enhancing the divine body; now it had been increased to three thousand times.

If he were to spend all his treasure points, his divine body could break through to five thousand times. But what good would that do?

The higher the basic divine body, the weaker the amplification in the Beast

God Domain. He would need powerful Beast God Weapons.

With stronger Beast God Weapons, the amplification of the divine body would undergo a qualitative change, and then his physical body wouldnt be able to keep up.

To solve this problem, he needed to find a key.

Jian Wushuangs choice might seem useless, but in reality, his perspective surpassed that of many others..