Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5297: Heavens Punishment Sword Strike

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

His eyes were white with a hint of red, incredibly clear.

Nine Revolutions? Jian Wushuangs lips curled into a smile.

Among those of the same level, there were few he truly feared.

During the Nine Revolutions stage, perhaps only Hu Qing had surpassed him throughout the entire universe, but even Hu Qing was not a match for him now.

Humankind, die!

The phantom above the skeletal figure solidified instantly. Though he was at the Nine Revolutions level, his speed surpassed that of ordinary half-step Emperors.

For a moment, Jian Wushuang dared not underestimate his opponent. With a fierce shout, he soared into the air.

His enormous Candle Dragon Wings blocked out the sun and sky as his figure flickered, instantly spanning billions of miles.

Ill use you to test my seventh level of the Ultimate Dao! Jian Wushuangs phantom materialized into reality.

An ancient and simple longsword, without edge or scabbard, flew out in an instant.

Jian Wushuang grasped it, gazing up at the stars. A tremendous aura soared into the sky.

Heavens Punishment!

Earths Prison!

Annihilate for me!

Jian Wushuangs figure expanded dramatically, casting off an aura of suppression. In the sky, a massive phantom descendeda cage from the heavens, the Heavens Punishment.

Those imprisoned within it were destined to die!

Buzz! Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The skeletal figures eyes revealed a hint of fear!

Although he had long since perished, he retained a shred of consciousness, preserved for the purpose of dealing with challengers.

Over countless years, he had faced numerous challenges, winning every time. Among those of the same level, his combat power had reached an invincible level.

Whether it was Grand Yan Immortals or Emperors, he was unstoppable.

Of course, if it were a cosmic peak powerhouse or a tier 6 Emperor, that was hard to say. After all, he was just a preserved consciousness, with limited strength.

If such a figure set their sights on this skeletal frame, the high-ranking members of Qishen Temple might even be willing to make a fair exchange with that formidable individual.

Boom!

As the Heavens Punishment sword strike was unsheathed, it imprisoned the entire land. The skeletal shadow. filled with unwillingness. was instantly obliterated. Despite possessing the power of a half-step Emperor, he had no qualifications to resist Jian Wushuang in his current state.

The 10,000-fold divine body, the Ultimate Dao, the Extreme Dao.

Regardless of which aspect you looked at, it crushed the half-step Emperor on all levels. After erasing the last trace of the imprint, the skeleton became Jian Wushuangs.

Swish!

Jian Wushuang and the skeletal figure entered the deepest part of the ninth-level space. The most crucial part of the Nine Refinements was yet to come.

The power of flesh and blood, which Jian Wushuang lacked not at all, and the most suitable skeletal frame for him were already in his possession. bender

His body had reached the level of immortality; it instantly condensed again. The old skeletal frame, which once belonged to the deceased, meant nothing to him.

In the space of the ninth level, there stood a colossal palace above. Outside the palace gate hung a portrait. Jian Wushuang didnt recognize the figure in the painting, but when he saw the signature, his mind trembled violently.

Desolate!

This was the title of a Divine Master. Jian Wushuang might not have heard of it, but for the strongest beings in the universe, it was just a name that made his entire being clear. Immediately, he respectfully saluted and dared not look directly.

Upon entering the grand hall, a familiar bronze furnace was placed there.

Indeed, this universe couldnt be separated from this Universe Bronze

Furnace. Jian Wushuang sighed in relief upon seeing the furnace.

However, this time, there was no shadow of Shan Jun above the furnace. He had to handle everything himself.

Holding the skeleton, the moment he entered the Universe Bronze Furnace, he felt the breathtaking temperature. It was a hundred times stronger than the Universe Bronze Furnace in the outside world.

The moment he entered, he utilized the power of all things, stabilizing it within his divine body. The flesh and blood of his physical body were instantly vaporized.

He had no skeleton!

The final step of the Nine Refinements was bone replacement. Shedding the old and growing new bones; the true limit of the acquired realm was achieved through this process.

Many primordial gods and demons had racked their brains trying to cultivate the origin source Dao, but their ancestors were too foolish to create a method to practice it.

Early ancient cultivators, however, managed to explore the structure of ancient gods and demons, creating supreme physical bodies. The Nine Refinement Tower was one such creation.

Later generations represented those who came afterward.

When Jian Wushuang was born, he might not have represented later generations, but it didnt mean he wouldnt in the future.

The fusion of divine body, flesh, and bones was an immense challenge, one only Jian Wushuang understood.

The Universe Bronze Furnace slowly closed, and Jian Wushuang closed his eyes. He couldnt afford to make a mistake at this crucial moment.

Boom! freewebno vel.co m

As he completed the final step, a tremendous change occurred on the Demon Sound Mountain.

The once pitch-black mountain turned snowy white, and the sky above started to snow lightly.

Shan Jun, tugging at the chains, looked up at the sky.

Thunk!

Zhen Ling and Zhu Yi appeared out of thin air, without tearing the space at all, instantly arriving at the Demon Sound Mountain.

This technique could only be performed by Zhen Ling; not even powerful beings like Zhu Yi could achieve it.

For a tier 5 Emperor to reach the Demon Mountain, they would need to rely on an array for teleportation.

Congratulations, Lord Zhen Ling, your secret technique has been perfected! Zhu Yi complimented with a smirk.

Zhen Ling smiled but remained silent. Without waiting for Zhu Yi, he stepped forward, reaching the mountain top directly.

Several dozen Emperors on the mountainside, who had crossed 6,000 feet, felt nothing as if nobody had passed by. However, they sensed an irresistible aura on the mountaintop, stirring their hearts.

Zhu Yi, following in the wake of the figure, turned into a stream of light and reached the mountaintop.

This time, the group felt the aura.

Its over. Something big is about to happen on this mountaintop!

Many Emperors started to worry. Just as they had cleared the path, suddenly two powerful auras appeared on the mountaintopone suffocating and the other immobilizing. None of them dared to resist, feeling helpless against these forces.

This strength was beyond their comprehension; the inexperienced among them might have thought it was a tier 5 Emperor. But those with greater knowledge, like Fengyu, instantly recognized that the two who had just arrived were at least tier 6 Emperors, and one of them was a peak-level tier 6 Emperor.

Shallow waters make much noise, and ignorance leads to arrogance.

They couldnt understand these matters and couldnt grasp them. All they could do was stop in their tracks, afraid to move forward.

On the mountaintop.

Zhen Ling arrived, and the previously sent Zhu Qi hastily climbed the mountain.

l pay my respects to Lord Zhen Ling and the Temple Master!

Zhu Qi bowed, not daring to raise her head.

Her eyes, however, rolled around, trying to catch a glimpse of Shan Jun.

Standing at the forefront, Zhen Ling appeared kind. He approached Zhu Qi and lifted her gently.

Patting her shoulder, his voice was gentle as he said, Were all allies; theres no need for such formality.

By the way, who did you bring to the Demon Sound Mountain? Zhen Ling asked knowingly.

Zhu Qi might not understand what was happening, but Zhu Yi, understanding Zhen Ling well, furrowed her brows.

But for the moment, she couldnt come up with a good plan.

It seemed that the Demon Sound Mountain couldnt be protected today!

Even so, she couldnt let Zhen Ling off too easily.

She couldnt make it too convenient for him. If he kept doing this, finding random reasons to move things around in her Original Realm, within a few years, the Four Temples would be completely emptied..