Fitness Fun in the Park
0:00 / 1:07

Chapter 5309: Time, fate

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Tideview Pavilion.

It observed the tide of swords, the ebb and flow of water, and the happenings under the heavens.

Inside the present Tideview Pavilion, tens of thousands of Emperors, along with some young talents at the Dao Lord level, gathered.

They were disciples or heirs from various sects, destined to step into the Emperor realm in the future.

In ancient times, there existed a complete system of Dao cultivation.

As long as one reached the Dao Lord level, they could almost certainly succeed in merging the Dao.

However, there was no information about the Ultimate Dao.

Perhaps, as the old man with goat horns said, the postnatal and prenatal realms were fundamentally different.

Not to mention, he not only grasped the Ultimate Dao but also possessed an even more transcendent Extreme Dao.

One thing that piqued his curiosity was that many of these Dao Lords were half-step Emperors, and even in the Shanzaing Palace, there were beings comparable to Emperors.

These individuals did not follow the ultimate Dao, so how could their combat power be so terrifying?

As they sat down, the discussions behind them ceased.

Many Emperors had just arrived from the city of Sharuo. Learning about the extraordinary identities of Jian Wushuang and others, and hearing about the events in Sharuo City, no one dared to speak recklessly.

The Divine Temple, in the Four Great Secret Realms, was an inviolable existence. Anyone associated with the Temple was undoubtedly no ordinary person.

It was no wonder that the Shangqing Palace sent Elder Jiu Jian to welcome them, being so courteous.

The overall strength of Liuzhou was significant even in the Northern Region, as evidenced by the presence of the Heaven Temple of the White Tiger in this area, where the Venerable Lie Huo personally suppressed it.

In Liuzhou alone, there were five tier 6 experts.

There were over a hundred tier 5 experts.

Such a formidable force surpassed the entire Original Universe.

If all the forces in the Qishen Temple were concentrated, they would be a significant power in the river of time and space.

In the river of time and space, countless universes coexisted.

Those who could step out of the universe were at least tier 4 Emperors, with some being tier 3 or even tier 6 Emperors.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

However, most Emperors from the outside world, while powerful in origin source, were weaker in terms of treasures.

The strength of the Qishen Temple lay in its numerous legacies and treasures. However, its weakness was also apparent. The native powerhouses in the Qishen Temple were born from the Qishens origin source.

Qishen origin source may be stronger than the universes origin source, but it was not the source that nurtured powerful beings. Therefore, in terms of origin source, the powerhouses born in the Qishen Temple were inherently weaker than those from the outside world.

This is also what many Emperors found strange about Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuangs current origin souce aura was stronger than that of the average native Emperor, but his cultivation and inheritance are significantly lacking.

Especially in terms of the divine body.

In the Four Great Secret Realms, there are quite a few practitioners following the path of divine bodies. During their Dao Lord stage, they already possess seven to 8,000 times the power of divine bodies.

Once they successfully integrate their Daoos, they have a divine body strength of tens of thousands.

Moreover, there are secret methods for inheriting divine bodies that can be cultivated at the Emperor level, further amplifying the divine body.

With just a casual scan, Jian Wushuang identified many practitioners of the divine body among them. Their auras were distinctly different from others.

Especially a Dao Lord-level powerhouse not far behind him. His divine body reached nine thousand times, making him a formidable figure on the verge of integrating paths.

With a slight movement of thought power, Jian Wushuang felt immense pressure.

On the other side, there was another existence with a divine body surpassing ten thousand times. In Jian Wushuangs consciousness, that formidable figure was like a towering mountain, while he was just a sapling.

Although he didnt know the exact multiple of their divine bodies, Jian Wushuang speculated that the opponent definitely had a divine body strength of at least twenty thousand times. Otherwise, the pressure wouldnt be so overwhelming.

Ancient sects are indeed extraordinary. Even the strongest special beings in the outside world only have a strength of ten thousand times. Even when reaching the Emperor level, they probably wont be this powerful, Jian Wushuang shook his head. Comparisons are odious.

In ancient times, there were things that Jian Wushuang envied, but if the indigenous powerhouses of the Qishen Temple knew how powerful the origin source outside was, they would also envy them.

Various powerhouses exchanged toasts, each engaged in lively discussions.

Jian Wushuang and the old man with sheep horns, however, found themselves at a loose end.

Following the schedule, they could only observe the tide in the afternoon, and it was only at midnight when the moon was full that they could witness the Sword Tide.

Jian Wushuang sat in his place, flipping through an ancient book called Northern Region Anecdotes; sipping wine and reading. The old man with sheep horns, being a powerhouse from ancient times, wasnt interested in such things and preferred to ignore others. He sat alone, eyes closed, in meditation.

Seeing his appearance, others dared not approach him.

In the first row, out of hundreds of seats, only half of the powerhouses were present, indicating that many prominent figures had yet to arrive.

Jian Wushuang wasnt in a hurry.

It was the rear rows that were nearly full.

Among them was the frivolous young master Wei Liang.

His status was extraordinary, but he only sat in the third row, alongside the tier 3 Emperor Lord called Old Ga r .

What was somewhat surprising was that the one-armed middle-aged man with a broken sword, surnamed Nie, sat in the fifth row.

The Tideviewing Pavilion had a total of five rows.

The first row consisted of prominent figures, the second row housed outstanding individuals from various sects, including some tier 3 Emperors and Dao Lords with immense potential.

The majority in the third row were like Wei Liang, each representing a sect as a young master, accompanied by tier 3 Emperor realm experts.

In the fourth row, various independent cultivators sat, possessing ordinary Emperor realm strength, sharing seats with some Dao Lords. As for the fifth row, not even one Emperor was present; many were independent cultivator Dao Lords.

Shangqing Palace, renowned for its swordsmanship, annually extended special courtesy to independent cultivators proficient in the way of the sword. They invited powerful Dao Lords to witness the Sword Tide, fostering good relations. In the future, when these cultivators reached the Emperor realm, they could join Shangqing Palace as external disciples.

Of course, it all depended on their strength.

If among these independent cultivators, a tier 6 Emperor were to emerge, their kindness wouldnt be in vain.bender

Hmph, this guy has the nerve to come back! A tier 5 powerhouse in golden sword robes sitting in the first row expressed anger, his tone icy.

Jian Wushuang was relatively close, and he overheard it. In fact, the powerful individual deliberately spoke loudly, making sure those in the back rows could hear.

Many turned their heads upon hearing the comment.

It seemed that quite a few people recognized him!

Jian Wushuang, feeling bored, decided to join in the fun and eavesdrop, attentively listening to the discussions around him.

Tsk tsk, Nie Yuan dares to come to Shangqing Palace. Didnt he sever all ties with them? someone remarked.

Hehe, you guys probably dont know! After the fall of that demoness, Nie Yuans days in the Bailuo Sect werent easy. His strength plummeted, and the sect didnt treat him kindly.

A son-in-law who came knocking on the door, and he even caused the death of the sects Holy Maiden. What good treatment can he expect?

A certain powerful figure in the first row, listening to the discussions behind, shook his head and sighed.

Such is fate. Such a promising talent, what a pity!

The tier 5 Emperor in the golden sword robe also showed a trace of regret in his eyes, but thinking of Nie Yuans absurd actions, he snorted coldly..