Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5316: Extinct Treasure

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The Emperors sitting at the back looked at each other. Anyone with a discerning eye could tell that the big shots sitting in the first row were playing. They werent betting on each other for fun, but to express their stance.

One side supported the Tianmo Sect, and the other side supported the Shangqing Palace.

Although the two super sects were not in the same state, they would often fight. After all. such a large sect had long gone beyond a city or a state.

Although it was said to be a prize, Elder Jiu Jian had accumulated almost a million god stones and many strange flowers and fruits.

The total value exceeded two million godstones.

Such a huge bet was already comparable to the wealth of some tier 4 Emperors.

In the four secret realms, tier 4 Emperors were peak experts, while Tier 5

Imperial Emperors were legendary figures. Tier 6 Imperial Emperors were all peak experts that were elusive. These people were the ones who roamed the Heaven Realm.

Wait!Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Just as Elder Jiu Jian was about to seal the plate, Daoist Liuyang, the fierce demon, interrupted him.bender

What, Brother Liuyang, do you still want to raise the stakes? Elder Jiu Jian laughed.

Daoist Liuyang raised his eyebrows and said disdainfully, This little treasure is not enough for me. I suggest that these two little fellows, whoever wins will get these treasures.

The others were stunned for a moment before laughing out loud.

This is a good suggestion. I support it!

Since the Grand Elder had already agreed, the others naturally had no objections.

It was only two million godstones. If it were an ordinary tier 4 Emperor, they might still be shocked, but the few tier 4 Emperors in the first row were the future backbone of the sect. They were all extremely powerful and had peak tier 4 combat power. Which divine clan would not have more than a hundred million?

Who would be interested in such a treasure?

Not to mention those tier 5 Emperors. They had long since reached the point where they did not care about the godstones.

Only some powerful treasures and cultivation techniques could attract them.

Jian Wushuangs eyes lit up, but he didnt dare to show it.

However, he was secretly shocked in his heart. These ancient sects were really rich and overbearing.

Based on his current understanding, the purchasing power of 2,000,000 godstones surpassed the wealth of a tier 4 Emperor in the outside world.

Other than a few heaven-defying figures, such as Demon Lord Fengyu, who had Eternal Treasures, there were also some who were relatively poor.

For example, although he did not know much about Zhen Wuyang, he could tell from the surface that it would be good if Zhen Wuyang had two million

godstones.

Most importantly, there were many extinct mutant fruits and treasures in the outside world. They were all common treasures in the ancient civilization.

For example, the Sword Dao Origin Source Fruit did not exist in the outside world at all. Even if it did, it would be a much weaker fruit.

There were no such treasures in the cosmos, only in the depths of the River of Time. However, the threshold to enter that place was at least a tier 5 Emperor, and even tier 5 Emperors could die.

However, in the four secret realms, although the Sword Dao Origin Source Fruit was rare, ordinary Emperors could still take it out. After all, it was not extinct. No matter how many billions of years it took to be born, it would always increase. With a source, its value would decrease.

A strand of thought searched around the Sumeru World.

At first, he wanted to participate in the bet. However, when he heard that the final treasure would fall into the hands of the two people fighting, Jian Wushuang lost interest.

The main reason was that he was poor. Otherwise, he really wanted to wave his hand and take out some treasures to liven things up.

Jian Wushuang glanced at the arena and had an idea.

Elder Jiu Jian, please wait a moment. I have a treasure here that can be used as a wager!

Whoosh!

He flipped his palm, and a dazzling crystal pillar appeared in his hand.

This was a treasure that he had exchanged with Qiuhuang. It was used to restore ones origin source, and it was a key treasure needed to restore ones ultimate origin source. The four secret realms had no use for this treasure, and the four palaces had long collected all of it.

Zhuxian Divine Stone!

The Shangqing Palace Master muttered silently, and a strange expression appeared in his eyes.

When the other tier 5 Emperors heard this phrase, they were also shocked. They all knew that Jian Wushuangs background was not ordinary. He was from the Gods Tomb, but they did not expect him to take out such a long-lost treasure.

Jian Wushuang felt a tremor in his heart. When he exchanged this treasure with Qiuhuang, he spent 150,000 treasure points, equivalent to at least 300,000 godstones. The crucial thing was that this treasure had disappeared from the Four Great Secret Realms.

Even if one wanted it, they couldnt obtain it.

As for its uses, they were also untraceable. Apart from overflowing into the

Ultimate origin source, this treasure was once a piece of the Zhuxian Stone, capable of refining the origin source, making it a rare cultivation treasure.

For these individuals, the value of this treasure exceeded 150,000 godstones.

Young friend, treating such an important treasure as a bonus is a bit wasteful. Why not sell it to me? said the formidable Daoist Liuyang with heated eyes.

This treasure had tremendous benefits for him.

Jian Wushuang shook his head and said lightly, If you lose, you can do whatever you want with the treasure. If you win, the rest of the treasure will be mine, and this treasure will be given to the winner between the two of them!

Alright, I agree with this suggestion!

Daoist Liuyang immediately agreed. Although the others were interested in this treasure, they were not as eager as Liuyang.

However, Jian Wushuangs identity was special and he had a peak tier 5 Emperor beside him. They had to give him face and no one objected.

As the host, the Shangqing Palace naturally would not quarrel with the guests over some trivial matters.

Then lets wait and see!

Elder Jiu Jian smiled.

However, when he looked at Jian Wushuangs figure, his eyes revealed a trace of indifference.

The people of Gods Tomb indeed had a huge secret.

Extinguished treasures could be taken out at will.

It seemed that the days in the four great secret realms would probably not be peaceful in the future.

He could be considered to be one of the top figures in the Shangqing Palace. He knew a lot more about some secret matters than others.

The Elder Palace, established with a status equal to the Divine Temple, had long been a topic of discussion. Now, with the Dao Lord from the Grave God Mountain visiting and the formidable Emperor from the Elder Palace accompanying him, all these events served as a warning to themchange was imminent.

In the future, it wouldnt only be the Divine Temple exerting pressure on them, but also the Elder Palace, and perhaps mysterious visitors from the Grave God Mountain.

Jian Wushuang, however, didnt dwell on the thoughts of others. He only aimed to acquire the least number of treasures for the maximum value. 13 golden swordsthis time, he couldnt escape. In the next round, he would undoubtedly have to make an appearance.

These old folks also wanted to test his strength, but they dared not speak up rashly.

He had no thoughts about this matter. To showcase his strength for the sake of the golden swords was a small price to pay. He didnt care about what these people were thinking.

After all, if the sky were to fall, let the tall ones bear the weight.

Playing with the jade tablet on his thumb, Jian Wushuang shifted his gaze to the arena.

The battle for supremacy between Zhu Bachi and Zhuifeng was indeed deserving of the term spectacular..