Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5320 - 5320: Bai Junwang

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Daoist Liyangs face was ashen, and his gaze was extremely sharp.

Jian Wushuangs recent footwork was elusive, and the space on the platform was under his control.

“How is this possible? He’s just a Dao Lord. How could he have mastered the origin source of space?”

Many Emperors were speechless.

The origin source of space!

Many Dao Lords didn’t even know what it was, let alone mastering it.

“People from the Tomb God Mountain are indeed extraordinary!’

Those who wanted to see Jian Wushuangs true strength now fully understood the immense gap.

“Jiu Jian, it seems like your Thirteen Tai t a Swords from Shangqing Palace might all be defeated by this young friend,” someone remarked. Although it was the right time to mock Shangqing Palace, Daoist Liuyang couldn’t bring himself to smile.

With a thought, a blood-colored token floating in the origin source recorded the scene and transmitted it to a distant hall in the Northern Region.

“Seems like we’ve found an inheritor!”

Inside an ancient hall hidden deep in the Northern Region, an almost withered arm twitched.

Under the sunlight, the owner of the arm revealed a face even more terrifying than a mortuary keeper.

The mortuary keeper, though lifeless, at least resembled a person.

This elderly figure, with a desiccated body and an ashen, skeletal face almost buried in dust, lacked even basic human features.

“Little Six sent a message!’Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The emaciated elder’s arm moved slightly, adjusting a dim lamp.

Above, there was a message along with an image.

After watching everything that unfolded, a glint of excitement appeared in the old man’s eye sockets.

“Inheritor!”

Splurt!

A powerful aura began to rise, and the withered old man, as dry as kindling, instantly straightened up, becoming visibly invigorated.

“After countless epochs of waiting, has the True God Temple finally opened?”

The old man’s gaze, sharp as a torch, penetrated through everything.

Gurgle, gurgle!

The withered old man’s body began to change, strands of flesh and blood power rising from the abyss below.

The divine body also gradually broke through, 10,000 times, 20,000 times, 30,000 times, 50,000 times.

Until finally, it reached 68,000 times.

After the complete restoration of the divine body, the old man’s physical form began to peel away, leaving only a phantom of the divine body.

In the abyss, a lively physical body slowly ascended.

“This body can guarantee you three days of absolute vitality. Even if Bai Yi comes, you can escape for your life. Remember to keep to the bottom line. Zhen Ling is resurrected, and once he makes a move, I cannot intervene to save you.”

The voice from the abyss was deep, cautioning the withered old man.

Now, the withered old man, renewed with vitality, the phantom of the divine body entered the physical body, rising directly into the air. He clenched his fist slightly, and formidable power filled his entire being.

“l haven’t felt this way in a long time. Three days should be enough to accomplish what 1 need.”

“Be careful!”

“The Naka clan will remember this kindness!”

At the same time, in the Northern Region, and even in the Heaven Secret Realm, hundreds of figures appeared simultaneously, all similar to that withered old man.

“Humph! The opportunity was given to Bai Junwang. The inheritor unexpectedly appeared in the Northern Region!’

“Yaaah!”

Countless people received that message, but unfortunately, in the Northern Region, there was only Bai Junvvang.

Bai Junwang, having restored his peak strength, soared into the sky. From the depths of the Northern Region to Liuzhou, it only took him three hours.

Although using a teleportation array might be faster, there was the origin source of the cosmic space in the teleportation array, guarded by Zhen Ling. He was afraid he would be discovered as soon as he entered.

He was well aware of the strength of Zhen Ling.

The incident in the Forest of Eternal Secrets had made these old folks even more vigilant.

“The Naka Clan will certainly rise again. The True God Temple cannot restrain us.”

Bai Junwang!

A powerful deity who once roamed the world in ancient times, his strength far surpassed the ordinary tier 6 and had reached the pinnacle.

However, in the True God Temple, breaking out was impossible. The origin within the True God Temple was eroding him every moment. He had to abandon his physical body and the origin source, embarking on the path of divine body cultivation.

Now, with a divine body 60,000 times stronger, even though it could only be maintained for three days, it was enough.

After Bai Junwang left through space, the abyss under the ancient temple began to collapse.

In the depths of the abyss, a huge eye was revealed, then began to dim.

“Don’t rely too much on these fools. Other plans must be set in motion. I really miss the time in the Giant God Clan!”

The enormous eye finally disappeared.

Inside the Shangqing Palace, Jian Wushuang calmly walked towards the Tideviewing Pavilion, unaware that a peak-level powerhouse would arrive here in three hours, coming for him.

Even someone as strong as Yang Sanmu would crumble at the first encounter.

Even if the Shangqing Patriarch took action, it wouldn’t last more than a few rounds.

Before the terror descended, Jian Wushuang also had a sense of warning in his heart. He always felt that something was missing, but he couldn’t speculate on what it might be.

After returning to the Tideviewing Pavilion, after a discreet exchange of greetings with those Emperor-level powerhouses, he resumed his seat.

“Senior Yang, after obtaining the golden sword, let’s return. It seems there’s nothing particularly special here.” Jian Wushuang transmitted his thoughts quietly.

That uncomfortable feeling in his heart indeed influenced his decision-making.

Originally, the plan was to finish seizing the sword and then explore other places in the Shangqing Palace. Now, there was no need; it was better to return sooner.

Yang Sanmu naturally had no objections, and he replied through their mental link without any issues.

Jian Wushuang nodded without saying much, glancing at the arena. He took a brief look at the demonic powerhouse, Daist Liuyang. The latter had a smile on his face, chatting with an Emperor-level figure, showing no signs of anything unusual.

But he couldn’t shake the feeling that this demonic giant was watching him closely.

After a glance, he refocused on the arena.

Liuyang appeared casual in his conversation with the Emperor beside him, but he was astonished inside.

He didn’t know why Jian Wushuang had just looked at him.

Directly meeting the gaze of an Emperor was a sign of great disrespect. Even though Jian Wushuangs status was high, he should be aware of this common courtesy and usually wouldn’t stare at an Emperor-level powerhouse.

If Jian Wushuang was looking at him because of the message he had just conveyed, it would be terrifying.

The method of transmitting messages was bestowed upon him personally by the Master of the Tianmo Sect. He had been told that even in the presence of a tier 6 Emperor, it wouldn’t be detected.

That’s why he dared to transmit messages so boldly.

“Regardless, this Jian Wushuang won’t live much longer. Grave God Mountain? Hmph, it’s just a joke; only these fools would take it seriously!’

Liuyang sneered inwardly.

He knew more things than these people.

The inheritors, the True God Temple, and even the matters concerning the True Gods—he was well-informed.

Most importantly, he understood where he was.

And he knew where he had to go.

Having grasped this point, he had a much grander goal.

For this goal, he would fight to the death..