Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5323: Tansformation Path

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Anyway, he was leaving after today. No matter what he said, no one would know. He was not afraid of being exposed in the future.

He took out so many things, but Bukun was a little shy and unwilling to accept them.

Jian Wushuang frowned slightly and said, What? Not enough?

No, no, its enough, Bukun said nervously, while Broly behind him had a deep and unfriendly expression.

Then Bukun quickly accepted these treasures.

Jian Wushuang was satisfied only when he received the golden sword.

He already had enough karmic debts, and promises were also a form of karma. He tried to avoid using karma for things that could be solved with treasures.

It would be difficult to repay later.

After receiving the golden sword, Hun Tianjun quickly congratulated him.

Then he quietly mentioned Bukuns request.

It turned out that the other party had a favor to ask, which was why he offered the golden sword. Now, he wanted Hun Tianjun to help him deliver a message.

Wushuang, this Bukun is not ordinary. He wants that senior from your group, the one who came with you, to accept Broly as his disciple, and he wants to do it in front of so many strong individuals.

Jian Wushuang was startled. The old man with sheep horns was only a tier 5 emperor. Even if he was much stronger than others of the same rank, these people shouldnt be able to see it!

Except for the master of Shangqing Palace.

Brolys potential was enormous. After gaining fame in Liuzhou, any sect would offer high conditions to recruit him.

The Shangqing Palace might try to win him over.

It wasnt difficult for a fifth-order emperor to accept disciples. If willing, probably all the other fifth-order emperors present would accept Broly. There was no need to become a disciple of the old man with sheep horns!

Jian Wushuang voiced his doubts.

But Hun Tianjun chuckled inwardly and answered, Wushuang, when you and Senior Yang came, did you encounter the Lord of the Heaven Hall stationed in Liuzhou?

Ah, so thats how it is! No need for Hun Tianjun to explain; Jian Wushuang understood it instantly.

Bukun was trying to cling onto a thigh!

Hun Tianjun had mentioned how Bukun, as a disciple of a tier 5 Emperor, wasnt significant. Major powers wouldnt yield due to this relationship.

However, if he became a disciple of Yang Sanmu, leveraging Yang Sanrnus connection with the Temple Master, their familys status might soar.

Jian Wushuang hadnt considered much about it.

The conflicts within the Four Great Secret Realms were far more ruthless than he had imagined.

In this humility, he presented a gift to a Dao Lord.

In the end, it was not only for his son, but also for the family.

It seemed that Jian Wushuangs impression of him had changed a lot.

However, his ties with Bukun had already diminished. The Extreme Dao origin source was unique in the world, and a golden sword was more than enough to replace it.

If he wanted to become Yang Sanrnus disciple, he had to speak for himself. Considering his current status, he didnt think Yang Sanmu would give him face.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

After this small episode, the Sword Seizing continued.

And he continued to participate.

Todays Shangqing Palace had already been cleared.

If the Palace Master issued a command, he might show some respect. But if no one brought it up, he wouldnt be polite.

In the second round, he casually chose a Taia Sword and gave the opponent a chance. With three easy rounds, he secured victory.

This was the overwhelming power of the Origin. He might not match the opponent in martial arts, but in the origin source Dao, he had never feared anyone.

In just two hours, he swept through all the Taia Swords, except for Sword Leader.

Of the Thirteen Tai p a Swords, the 13th and 7th swordsmen lost to Zhu Bachi and Broly, leaving the remaining 10 Taia Swords defeated and taken by Jian Wushuang.

Now, only Sword Leader remained.

This was the last fig leaf of Shangqing Palace.

In the history of Shangqing Palace, this had never happened before.

If Jian Wushuang were the extraordinary Dao Lord of Zhongzhou, the Palace Master of Shangqing Palace would probably intervene for the sake of face.

But he wasnt from the major sects; he was the Dao Lord from the Grave God

Mountain.

Without considering backgrounds, just looking at strength, many Emperors witnessed it.

If the Palace Master of Shangqing really intervened, it would only make others look down on them.

Better to be straightforward.

The extraordinary Dao Lord from Grave God Mountain sweeping through a sects emperors disciples would not be a disgrace when spoken out.

Boom!

Jian Wushuang fell onto the arena once again.

Shangqing Palace, contemporary Sword Leader, Yongen!

He was still the older brother of Zhuifeng, and both brothers were among the contemporary Thirteen Tai p a Swords. Yongen was the Sword Leader.

Their clans Emperors were proud of this.

In the previous battles, similar to Jian Wushuang, he also defeated his opponents in three rounds without any hesitation. Now, facing Jian Wushuang, he showed no signs of panic.

The final battle!

He was also the most likely opponent to make Jian Wushuang use his full strength. Many people in the Tideviewing Pavilion were watching him.

Except for that Broly, who didnt cultivate the sword dao and didnt like crowded places. He sat alone, drinking by himself.

Knowing Jian Wushuangs strength, Sheep Three-Eyes didnt pay much attention. Instead, he glanced at Broly and then discreetly transmitted a message through the identity token.bender

Jian Wushuang noticed Brolys difference, and Sheep Three-Eyes naturally saw it too. Among these native Emperors, their origin dao was too weak, and their thought power was lacking. They couldnt discern the true value of this uncut jade.

The Elder Palace.

Wu Zuo, sitting on the throne in his dharma form, received Sheep Three-Eyes message and his gaze deepened.

He immediately stood up and personally went to Liuzhou.

Could it be the Path of Transformation? Wu Zuo muttered to himself. If it really was the Path of Transformation, he would achieve great success once again.

This matter must not be known to the White Tiger Temple.

If his true self wasnt in seclusion, he might even let his true self go personally.

But one dharma form was enough.

He used to be a registered disciple of Qishen, with overwhelming strength. Even his dharma form had sixth-order combat power.

Moreover, since returning to the Qishen Temple, he had gained many benefits.

He was in the Qishen Temple, where he had hidden many treasures and powerful remnants. During his exploration, he had gained a lot of benefits from these places.

Now, with a single Law Avatar, he carried several Eternal Treasures. Once he absorbed those treasures, his strength would see a significant boost.

Venturing through the Four Great Secret Realms?

He never held those native Emperors in high regard.

The path of the strong always led to the outside world.

Having strengthened himself and possibly emptied the treasures of the Qishen Temple, he knew he had to go out and explore.

The Four Great Secret Realms were places he had already visited. For him, these realms were like a backyard, with nothing much to explore.

For ordinary Emperors, it might be worthwhile, but for someone of his strength, the treasures in the Four Great Secret Realms held little attraction.

He possessed numerous Eternal Treasures, including the superb Eternal Treasure, the pitch-black giant snake crafted by the Qishen Temple.

Apart from the Universe Treasure, other treasures didnt catch his interest because of their limited utility to him.

Qiuhuang, who oversaw the teleportation hall, hurriedly rose to greet Wu Zuo when she saw him.

Friend Qiuhuang, please teleport me to Liuzhou, Wu Zuo said in a friendly tone, causing Qiuhuang to feel a bit embarrassed. He nodded in agreement and courteously guided Wu Zuo into the teleportation array. After injecting divine power, the entire array instantly activated..