Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5326: Fleeing

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The strongest power began to spread throughout the ancient boat, and the fisherman sitting on the boat stood up directly.

Lets go!

The voice of the old man with goat horns was deep.

Glancing back, taking another look at the people below, Jian Wushuang withdrew his gaze.

This place would soon become ruins, and even the entire Liuzhou would be engulfed.

Boom!

The void shattered, and the power erupting from the ancient boat made the surrounding mountain ranges tremble.

When the people below looked up in confusion, the ancient boat was still in place, but Jian Wushuang and the old man with goat horns were actually millions of miles away.

This speed had exceeded the limits of space, even challenging the tier 6 Emperor.

It was beyond ordinary comprehension.

However, the old man with sheep horns still felt pressure, emanating from within the city of Sharuo.

The sun and moon shone brightly, two huge suns radiating light, spreading from Sharuo City, shaking the entire Liuzhou. bender

Jian Wushuang turned his head to look back.

In the dazzling light, there was a small black dot behind them. f reeweb

With a slight movement, his gaze deepened.

Its him!

That small black dot was none other than the tier 6 Emperor, manipulating a damaged palace, trailing behind them.

Although his speed was slower than theirs, he had not allowed the distance to widen.

Jian Wushuang had sensed some intentions from the other party long ago, and now, trailing behind them, it raised suspicions in him.

The teleportation array was destroyed, and there was a sudden upheaval in Liuzhou. The hidden secrets were probably related to his arrival and had a connection with that formidable figure from the demonic path.

The ancient boat sped quickly. In just the time it took to brew a cup of tea, it had already left the scope of Shangqing Palace.

At this moment, Shangqing Palace was fully prepared, with several eternal treasures rising into the air.

Who would have thought that just an hour ago, Shangqing Palace was still in a

state of peace, with comings and goings.

And now, they had to flee directly.

Venerable Lie Huo had fallen, and Sharuo City had been destroyed. The entire Liuzhou was going to be destroyed in an instant.

Is this the ancient era?

Indeed, it was brutal.

You little devil from the demonic path!

Yan Sanmu instantly turned around, and a third eye appeared fiercely on his forehead.

Innate beast eye!

No wonder he was named Yan Sanmu.

Jian Wushuang momentarily looked dazed. In the sky, a giant human- shaped antelope appeared, its horns piercing through the heavens.

You go on the ancient boat first; I still need to take someone with me.

Yang San Mu left behind these words. Before he could move, the avatar had already retreated hundreds of millions of miles.

Just a moment ago, Wu Zuos avatar shattered, and that avatar fell in Sharuo

City. Through the communication token, he had instructed Yan Sanmu in Shangqing Palace to take away a Dao Lord of the Broly clan.

Now, there was no choice but to go back.

The ancient boat was entirely manipulated by the fisherman. Even after the old man with the goat horns left, the speed did not diminish.

Jian Wushuang had no idea whom the old man with the goat horns was going

back to fetch. Before he could inquire, the figure disappeared within the space.

He casually took out a jade slip.

Damn it!

Jian Wushuang couldnt help but curse inwardly. Now, behind him, there were many emperors fleeing, and their speed was not slow. He had already encountered several.

With so many people fleeing together, they were bound to be caught up with.

Although he didnt know who the terrifying presence that destroyed Liuzhou was, he could sense the unparalleled horror in the opponents aura.

Once encountered, it would be death!

The target was too conspicuous; he couldnt escape with this group of people!

Understanding this, Jian Wushuang immediately commanded the fisherman,

Go to North Mu Zhangzhou!

Heading north to Hanzhou was close to the border of Liuzhou but also more likely to be caught up. It was better to change direction and go to North Mu Zhangzhou, where a truly extraordinary powerhouse sat in command.

Although not on good terms with the temple, they wouldnt stand by and watch others desecrate North Mu Zhangzhou. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The fisherman standing at the bow of the boat paused for a moment, then, as per Jian Wushuangs instructions, adjusted the direction.

It would take at least a whole day to travel from this location to North Mu Zhangzhou.

Daoist Liuyang, who was following behind, manipulated the damaged ancient hall. Seeing the slight adjustment in the direction of the ancient boat, his eyes flickered. .

Elder, are we not going to Hanzhou? Zhu Bachi asked cautiously.

Liuyang nodded slightly and said, Hanzhou is too close; even if we go there, its still fleeing. Its better to go to North Mu Zhangzhou, where there is the suppression of Guangmu Tianzun. No one can offend there!

Guangmu Tianzun!

A tier 6 Emperor who survived from ancient times, a former one of the 108 divine envoys who followed Qishen. Later, he settled in Qishen Temple but did not get along with the Four Temples.

He had been sitting in his own lair in North Mu Zhangzhou ever since.

Hehe, arent you very interested in the Golden Sword? The kid in front has twelve Golden Swords in his hands! Liu Yang Daoist said with a sinister smile.

12 golden swords!

Dont mention a Dao Lord sword cultivator, even a tier 4 Emperor would be envious.

Could it be? Zhu Baxia quickly caught on.

However, what he knew was only about killing and looting. Just now, when the old man with goat horns left, the two of them paid careful attention.

Now, on the ancient boat in front, there was only Jian Wushuang.

A Dao Lord, no matter how extraordinary, could he contend with a tier 5 Emperor?

Zhu Bachi, being a giant in the demonic path, naturally carried a demonic nature in his temperament. He didnt care about the opponents identity or background.

As a tier 5 Emperor, Daoist Liuyang valued not the golden swords on Jian Wushuangs body but Jian Wushuang himself.

If he could capture Jian Wushuang alive and hand him over to that senior, he might receive substantial rewards and even have the opportunity to advance to the tier 6 Emperor.

And that ancient boat, he also coveted its existence,

A top-tier spatial treasure, its speed far exceeded that of an ordinary tier 6 Emperor.

Many tier 5 Emperors did not possess such a rare Eternal Treasure. How could he not covet it? With the shock in Liuzhou, the death of an inheritor would probably go unnoticed.

Liuyangs face revealed a killing intent, and his speed increased once again.

The ancient boats speed was fast, but it was stable. Without the presence of the old goat-horned man, although the speed hadnt changed, it had lost the crucial element of security.

Looking back again, the small dot behind had disappeared. Just as Jian Wushuang was about to relax, a dazzling black light suddenly struck. Boom!

The dazzling light struck the ancient ship directly, producing a terrifying buzzing sound.

Jian Wushuangs ears buzzed and he only reacted after a while.

Raising his eyebrows and looking back, Liuyangs damaged ancient palace had somehow reached in front of him. In just a short while, it threw him behind again and rushed to the front.

Although this terrifying attack could not harm him temporarily, his Heart power was anxious!

Hastily sending a message to the old goat-horned old man, Jian Wushuang found that the identity token had been locked.

This crisis was too immense. Jian Wushuang didnt know what to do for a moment.

The old goat-horned man had been gone for half a day, and there was still no sign. A bad premonition arose in Jian Wushuangs heart.

If Yang Sanmu were to fall, he would be truly finished.

The identity token was ineffective again. He could only rely on the aura of the ancient boat, praying that the old goat-horned man could find him.

As for the sneak attack by Daoist Liuyang, he had to rely on the ancient boat to endure it.

Although he had a top-tier Innate Treasure armor and a body that underwent eternal indestructible Ten Refinements, facing a peak tier 5 Emperor was a different matter..

Read atest chapters at fre ewebn ovel Only