Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5339: Election

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The elders of other ranks either held important positions in the palace or were allocated to some wealthy provinces in the Northern Region.

The Northern Region was vast, with numerous treasures.

Despite their small number, even the weakest and lowest-ranking among them could be assigned to prosperous areas like Liuzhou, becoming local powerhouses.

The status of the Elder Palace was no less than that of the Divine Temple. Once they assumed their positions, their local status was very high. Although most were only tier 5 Emperors, their strength was formidable!almost crushing those of the same tier!

With their prestigious status, they practically ruled the Northern Region. Elder Palace, the head of the Enforcer Hall will be taken up by Prince Wuzuo!

Congratulations!

For a moment, Prince Wuzuo was in the limelight, raising his wine cup high.

The Elder Palace was divided into six halls, and the Enforcer Hall held the highest position. It could oversee any part of the Northern Region and was the most lucrative position.

Prince Wuzuo gestured upward to acknowledge the elder with the rank of expressing his respect. He then looked at the other elders below, a smile on his face as he spoke, Thanks to the favor of all the seniors, I, Wuzuo, will do my best as the head of the Enforcer Hall after taking office!

After some pleasantries, he continued to boast, The Northern Region! Thats just a starting point. In the future, our influence wont be limited to just the Northern Region but will extend to the entire celestial realm and even the Four Great Secret Realms.

Good! exclaimed the Daoist with the rank of A above.

The elders in the hall also erupted in cheers.

Originally, they thought Prince Wuzuo hadnt forgotten his previous identity. Now, it seemed he had become more honest and wouldnt oppress others with his strength. Such a person wouldnt be simple in the future and needed to be properly aligned with.

After the commotion settled, the Daoist with the rank of A spoke again, Now, within the entire Elder Palace, there is only one position left.

He pointed to the throne behind him.

This was the highest point of the Elder Palace, and the throne behind him

naturally held the highest position.

The pinnacle of power!

The pinnacle of power in the Northern Region, the pinnacle of power in the Elder Palace.

As he spoke, the expressions of the people present became solemn. They didnt have the qualifications to sit in that position, but among the At -rank elders above, there were several who did.

Among the dozen or so tier 6 elders, other than the green bull, there were two more who were very qualified.

Emperor Lu Hua and Sword God Chang Feng.

These two individuals possessed strength that rivaled the pinnacle, ranking fourth among the A-listers.

They were just a step behind Old Qingniu Daoist, who held the third position.

Old Qingniu Daoist was in the A-list third place, while Emperor Lu Hua and Sword God Chang Feng held the fourth.

As for the others behind them, their qualifications and strength were not sufficient.

The Divine Craftsman Yang Sanmu held the sixth position and was assigned as a Deputy Hall Master in the Treasure Hall. However, the Hall Master did not actively engage in refining.

This greatly displeased Yang Sanmu, but considering that the other party was a tier 6 Emperor and had a higher seniority, coupled with the failure to protect Jian Wushuang in this escort mission, there was nothing he could do.

Being able to obtain the position of a Deputy Hall Master was thanks to Wu Zuos insistence against the opinions of many.

Wu Zuo also bore significant responsibility for failing to protect Jian

Wushuang. It was his decision to send the old man with the goat horns to find Broly, resulting in not only the failure to locate him but also the loss of Jian Wushuang.

The old man with the goat horns sat in the upper corner, his heart ashen.

Back then, he had made an agreement with Jian Wushuang to help him refine the origin of the Beast God Weapon.

Little Fellow, I hope you survive! The old man with the goat horns took a gulp of wine and sighed deeply.

The competition above, he had no qualification, and no interest.

Emperor Lu Hua, Sword God Chang Feng, Old Qingniu Daoist.

The three most qualified individuals stood side by side.

Old Qingniu Daoist stood in the middle, with a calm smile on the surface, but deep down, he was quite confident.

Everyone, listen to me.

Emperor Lu Hua was the first to speak, breaking the silence.

He was refined and spoke in a very friendly tone.

Turning to look at the position behind him and then at the crowd, he smiled faintly and said, This position is good!

While speaking, his eyes revealed a longing, but he knew very well that the cost of occupying this position was too high.

Turning back, Emperor Lu Hua looked at everyone and uttered words that shocked everyone present.

l, Lu, lack talent, and I am not qualified to occupy this position alone!

This statement surprised everyone!

Even Wu Zuo showed a hint of confusion.

He and Emperor Lu Hua were life-and-death brothers since ancient times, with a deep bond. If Lu Hua were to contend for that position, Wu Zuo would undoubtedly assist him. Moreover, he had already begun secretly rallying others, preparing to support Emperor Lu Hua.

But now, he suddenly gave up the fight!

This unexpected turn puzzled many.

The only one not surprised was the Old Daoist Qingniu; all of this was his behind- the- scenes scheming.

Now, only two candidates remained. The temperament of the Sword God Chang Feng was fiery; he lacked the refinement of Emperor Lu Hua.

Knowing the temper of the other party, Qingniu also recognized the situation and made a gesture of invitation.

Stepping forward, Sword God Chang Feng exuded a powerful aura, his face fierce, and his voice deep, I wont list all the friends who support me.

Qingniu, lets get straight to the vote!

Elections naturally involved casting votes.

Now that Lu Hua had withdrawn, only the two of them remained, making a direct vote possible.

Lu Hua stepped back and began communicating with Wu Zuo, Vote for Chang Feng!

Seated in the middle, Wu Zuo quickly understood the intention.

Qingniu had confidence, but he didnt want to make things too embarrassing. During the voting, he communicated with the two beside him and made some promises. However, only Lu Hua agreed.

Sword God Chang Feng, however, was not buying into this.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Brother Qingniu, three positions might not be bad at all. It could be more advantageous! Emperor Lu Hua secretly communicated, while on the other

side, he was instigating Chang Feng to fight to the end.eastern fantasy

The two joined forces to resist Qingniu.

They didnt aim for just one position but two.

Who dictated that the Elder Palace had only one palace master, and the Four Temples had only four Temple Masters? Nowadays, its popular for the capable to hold high positions. Since they were all capable, they decided to share the seats.

Daoist Qingniu always smiled, but deep down, he cursed.

Liu Huas withdrawal was to team up with Chang Feng to trick him, but he had no choice. Chang Feng had such an explosive temper that it was impossible to negotiate with him.

The vote ended quickly.

After the announcement, the two had an equal number of votes.

With so few people, vote manipulation was easy.

Chang Feng couldnt win; if he won, Liu Hua would lose, and Qingniu couldnt win either, as winning would mean both Chang Feng and Liu Hua would lose.

Equality was the only true victory.

It seemed like the two were fighting, but the chess player behind the scenes was Emperor Liu Hua.

Lost.

Qingnius expression remained unchanged, but he sighed inwardly.

This time, he lost both face and position.

At this moment, Liu Hua slowly walked to the front and said loudly, Ill be the notary. Since its a tie, why not both of you take this position together!

As soon as these words were spoken, there was a moment of silence, followed by unanimous support.

If both took the position, everyone would be a winner, and there would be no need to worry about being harassed by the defeated side later on.

Emperor Lu Hua turned and smiled at the Old Daoist Qingniu, then glanced at the Sword God Chang Feng.

He signaled that it was time for them to speak up.

However, Old Daoist Qingniu secretly transmitted his voice, Lu Hua, arent you afraid that the two of us will take these positions and push you aside?