Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5351: Conspiracy? Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Tier 3 Emperor couldn’t make the cut. Going in was simply not worth the trouble; some couldn’t even enter at all and could only go to ordinary secret realms, where the most they could get was a few million godstones.

However, those who managed to enter were always individuals with formidable strength and rare treasures.

Usually, these tier 3 Emperors, in a single haul, might get tens of thousands of godstones at most.

Their net worth ranged around a million, with some reaching a few million.

Jian Qijin’s strength, even if Jian Wushuang didn’t look down on him, was worth around two million. How did he get 12 million?

It seemed that this life-and-death battle would be even simpler than he had imagined. Since the person behind him dared to place such a bet, it indicated absolute confidence in him.

Before even stepping into the arena, Bai Junwang received a message from Xuanyuan Dapan.

“Jian Qijin has recently hosted many tier 3 Emperors, and their status varies. 1 have not found any particularly intimate discussions with other Emperors!” Jian Wushuang raised an eyebrow. It seemed to be a diversion.

update by newn0el .

As the match was about to start. he couldn’t be bothered with that. After winning, he would exchange the godstones directly and immediately make a run for it.

Since they were all tier 3 Emperors at most, and even if they reached tier 4, they wouldn’t dare to act rashly within the imperial city.

Inside the arena, the seats in all four directions were filled with people, at least tens of millions of cultivators.

To watch such a life-and-death battle between Emperors, the ticket cost was 10 godstones.

Calculating this way, the arena earned a billion this time.

Moreover, there was a rule in the arena. As long as one was willing to step onto the stage, Dao Lord would reward with a hundred thousand to a million godstones, while Emperors could receive one million to a hundred million godstones.

However, this was only awarded if they won.

Jian Wushuang was aware of this. If he won, with Jian Qijin’s reputation, he could potentially receive a performance fee of tens of millions of godstones.

Compared to this, the Beastfight Arena earned more.

With each event earning a billion, after accounting for the venue and some labor costs, the royal family could pocket at least 800 million.

The tier 5 Emperor who presided here was an elder of the ancestral temple, a senior within the clan, a formidable figure of the Xia Mang clan. Permanently stationed here, he would also take a portion from each godstone earned in every match.

After all, being a tier 5 Emperor, if he ventured outside, he might accumulate even more godstones.

However, there was no danger here, making it a decent job.

Standing at the highest point, Jian Wushuang held a sword in one hand, leaping heavily onto the arena.

His entrance elicited cheers from countless spectators!

Some of them even shouted his name. Clearly, they had bet all their wealth on him.

There were still many gamblers in the Imperial City.

In the Beastfight Arena, aside from voluntary participants, there were more slaves or captives from battlefields, forced to fight here.

Winning a hundred matches would grant them freedom, while losing meant their demise.

The battles among these individuals were more brutal, but their strengths were generally weak.

Most of those captured were Dao Lords or some lower-level Earthly Immortals. In a super dynasty like the Grand Xia, the minimum threshold for

conscription was usually an Earthly Immortal.

A true army of cultivators would cover the skies and cover the earth. Not all of them would be Emperors or Daolords; many of them would be Celestial Immortals or Earth Immortals.

The true army of cultivators, those covering the skies and earth, wasn’t necessarily composed entirely of Emperors and Dao Lords; among them were more Immortals and lower-level beings from the Heaven and Earth Realms.

These cultivators were just cannon fodder, either perishing on the battlefield or being captured in large numbers.

After all, the decisive factor was the top-tier combat power. If the top collapsed, no matter how well the lower tiers fought, they would still lose.

Given this, why spend so many godstones cultivating a vast army of cultivators?

Why not just have the two ancestral ancestors fight each other?

Bai Junwang calmly said, “It’s not that simple. The competition at the bottom is about the flow of luck. If the bottom loses, then it’s highly likely that the upper levels will lose as well under similar strength. The Emperor’s spatial origin source stores the flow of luck. Most strong individuals have to follow this rule. Of course, your Ultimate Dao doesn’t need to abide by it, and you also have that unique Dao. I can see that there is not only no luck above you, but there is also an evil aura, a force contrary to luck.”

Hearing these words, Jian Wushuangs heart was filled with killing intent.

Bai Junwang was the one most familiar with him. His origin source Dao was now known only to Bai Junwang, even the divine spirits were unaware.

Although they had sworn oaths that prevented the disclosure of each other’s information, he couldn’t trust the old guy completely. In case the old fellow was about to die one day and spilled his secrets, it wouldn’t be good. Only the dead could keep their mouths shut.

Perhaps Bai Junwang thought the same way.

Though they were one entity, each harbored their own secrets.

After appearing, Huangpu Xiongyi, holding a green stone staff in one hand, leaped down from above, looking at Jian Wushuang with a face full of killing intent.

A majestic voice from above declared, “Begin!” The speaker was the tier 5 Emperor. According to seniority, Xia Mang Guanyu had to address him as ‘Uncle’, and even the current Emperor had to call him Imperial Uncle.

With more fervent cheers, Huangpu Xiongyi attacked as soon as the word was given.

As expected, it was just as Jian Wushuang had imagined. As soon as the opponent made a move, he could see something suspicious.

The two fought, thunderous in sound but with small raindrops.

It was a show for outsiders.

However, Jian Wushuang found it amusing. There was a tier 5 Emperor watching from above!

Even though this Emperor wouldn’t bother with such matters, as long as the two didn’t fight, it would tarnish the reputation of the Beastfight Arena, and both would face death.

Boom!

“Qi Piercing the Rainbow! ”

This was Jian Qijin’s signature skill, where the aura was like a rainbow, and the power was limitless.

Who knows what Huangpu Xiongyi was thinking? Did he think a fake fight could end it?

This sword strike was a sneak attack.

Taking advantage of Huangpu Xiongyi’s lack of reaction, he swiftly thrust his sword with a backward motion, aiming directly at the center of his opponent’s forehead.

This sword carried the essence of the Ultimate Dao, surpassing Huangpu Xiongyi’s expectations and inflicting severe injuries upon him.

Stepping back, Huangpu Xiongyi touched his forehead with one hand, anger surging within, yet he dared not transmit his voice.

This situation was different from the negotiations he had with Jian Qijin!

But now that Jian Wushuang had taken over the body, who would care about such matters?

Recalling ten years ago, Huangpu Xiongyi and Jian Qijin had begun plotting this matter.

Jian Qijin had a wife with an innate ice-cold constitution, requiring the continuous consumption of Firefruit Wine. Fortunately, Firefruit Wine was not considered precious, and as a tier 3 Emperor, Jian Qijin didn’t mind it.

However, a thousand years ago, Jian Qijin’s wife underwent a sudden physical mutation, transforming from an ice-cold constitution into one of the ancient Ten Great Divine Bodies, the ‘Boundless Divine Body’!

Whether it was an ice body or a fire body, once it became the Boundless Divine Body, it would accelerate towards extreme changes.

Previously, now her constitution was formidable. A thousand years had already strengthened her constitution by 10,000 times.

His wife used to be an ordinary Dao Lord, but now she could rival an Emperor.

In theory, such a constitution would attract the attention of major sects, and they might recruit his wife. However, who would have thought that the icy power within his wife’s body had already condensed into crystals, damaging her constitution?

If allowed to develop further, her constitution would develop into the ‘Icy Constitution’.

If she were to seek refuge in a major sect, it would be akin to becoming a marriage garment for someone else..