Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5354: Xuanyuan Five Tigers

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Not only did Xuan Yuan Anshui control the military on the battlefield, but he also held a prominent position in the court.

Xia Mang Guanyu walked into the grand hall, holding her mothers arm, and found it already filled with people.

Following the usual family banquet protocol, Xuan Yuan Anshui wouldnt have taken the main seat. However, today, he came by the decree of the Emperor, naturally occupying the central position.

Third brother, please take your seat quickly! Princess Anshui interrupted as people were about to bow.

Jian Wushuang sat in a nearby position, accompanied by several younger cousins.

Such banquets were superficial in nature.

After an hour, the various guests dispersed, and members of the Xuan Yuan family entered the secret chamber in the backyard.

Those qualified to be here included the local Xuan Yuan Five Tigers, the family patriarch Xuan Yuan Dapan, and several intimidating senior ancestors.

A total of ten tier 4 Emperors, one tier 5 Emperor, and a strand of hair from Jian Wushuang.

With Anshui here this time, the opportunity for the rise of our Xuanyuan family is right before us. Ill be straightforward! Xuanyuan Dapan surveyed the room with a solemn gaze.

In his view, the status of the Xuanyuan family was not yet secure. Despite having Anshui as a prominent consort in the imperial harem, she was not the Empress, and her power was insufficient.

His sons were all outstanding, which pleased him. Each of them held significant power.

However, strength was the key. What he needed was an heir to inherit his fifth-order Emperor status. Once he fell, everything before their eyes would be fleeting.

Father, will you also participate in the external warfare this time? Marquis Anhai asked with some concern.

As soon as he returned, he heard about the matters of the MO Luo Kingdom.

The border was like a battlefield now, and there were great battles every day.

He had just returned and heard about the situation in the MO Luo Nation. The border now resembled a battleground, witnessing daily large-scale conflicts.

Before his return, General Gutong, one of the three great generals of the empire, had already led a million troops to the MO Luo border.

The war had escalated to an irreparable point.

Now, it seems that the Xuanyuan family has been chosen.

Over the years, they have been too high-profile, so being chosen is normal.

Xuanyuan Dapan revealed a faint smile and casually said, Choosing our

Xuanyuan family was within my expectations. Theres no need to worry about it. Second and Third Brothers can follow me, and the family will be taken care of by the eldest. Also, Fourth Brother is in seclusion, so dont disturb him unless necessary.

Fourth Brother is in seclusion again. Does that mean? Anhai showed surprise.

At this moment, the seated ancestors spoke with hoarse voices, Being able to send two is already giving face to that person. The prosperity of our Xuanyuan family should not be interrupted in this generation.

When the ancestors spoke, even Xuanyuan Dapan, the current family head, respectfully listened.

On the day of departure, come here to pay respects to the ancestors. Have a heartfelt conversation with your family. We, the old folks, will leave first. As soon as the words of the ancestors fell, they disappeared from the place.

After the ancestors left.

In the secret chamber, there remained Xuanyuan Dapan, his third brother, and his five children.

A sense of desolation filled the air, and Xuanyuan Dapan finally revealed a trace of coldness on his face.

Remember, all your achievements today are inseparable from the family.

This time, Im afraid its for the sake of the ancestors! Speaking up to here, Xuanyuan Dapan couldnt help but bow his head, tears swirling in his eyes. Back when he was weak, the ancestors took care of him meticulously.

At that time, the Xuanyuan family was just a small clan. When he caused trouble outside, either his third brother helped him, or the ancestors covered for him.

Now, the ancestors are going to the battlefield for the sake of the younger generation, aiming not only to strike the MO Luo Kingdom but also to weaken the power of the nobility.

A secret letter was sent to the palace yesterday, stating that the Xuanyuan family would need to mobilize at least five direct Emperors, and whether Xuanyuan Dapan would participate was optional.

Yesterday, the palace sent out a secret letter saying that the Xuanyuan family would send at least five direct Imperial Emperors. It didnt matter if Xuanyuan Dapan went up or not.

If he didnt go, none of the five would return; if he went, he might be able to ensure the safety of one or two.

As the towering figure of the Xuanyuan family, he had no choice but to bravely face it this time.

Upon hearing this, Xuanyuan Anshuis eyes showed anger.

The imperial family was known for its ruthlessness. These were her family members; her brothers had risked their lives for the prosperity of the Great Xia Empire. And now, they were being discarded just like that.

No sentiment whatsoever.

Shuier, you must not harbor resentment towards him. The Xuanyuan family fears no war. If I hadnt fought back then, we wouldnt be where we are today. Trust me, I will bring them back safely! Xuanyuan Dapan spoke with great confidence. His identity was not simple; he was also a member of the Kui Organization. This time, attacking the MO Luo was a direct order from above, emphasizing the necessity of war against the MO Luo.

As a second-ranking elder, he was considered a core member, but even he didnt fully understand the Kui Organization. The organizations secrets were known to few, and even Bai Junwang, who was quite knowledgeable, was aware of very little.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Perhaps only the divine spirit knew.

Afterwards, they began discussing the upcoming war with the MO Luo Kingdom.eastern fantasy

On the border, there were four massive cities, each accompanied by countless military camps. The Xuanyuan family planned to go to the fourth city, the most intense battlefield, where the war had just begun, and the death toll was high.

Rumors had it that hundreds of Emperors had already fallen.

Jian Wushuang was on the verge of falling asleep; the discussion held little interest for him. He contemplated autonomously destroying a strand of his hair when unexpectedly, Xuanyuan Dapan brought up his name, or more precisely, mentioned Xia Mang Guanyu.

Shuier, have Yu!er come to my room later; there are matters I need to discuss with him! Xuanyuan Anshui was somewhat surprised by his fathers decision to seek Xia Mang Guanyu.

This lad is suspicious, possibly having already joined the Kuf organization in secret, and his status may not be low, Xuanyuan Dapan said, his expression tinged with doubt.

Upon hearing this, Xuanyuan Anshuis heart sank, quickly adding, How could Yuer do that

Simultaneously, within the imperial capital, it was as if a dark shadow loomed over.

A flock of crows scattered and landed in various mansions.

Many mansions, like the Xuanyuan family, were engaged in discussions within secret chambers. However, among them, many mentioned the Kui Organization, at least half of them.

If these people were aware that half of the traitors resided in the current imperial city, one could only wonder about their thoughts.

Jian Wushuang, however, remained leisurely. The Kui Organization couldnt grasp him, but it was different for these people; whether they were greedy, brainwashed, or had their weaknesses exploited by the Kui Organization.

This time, eavesdropping on the Xuanyuan familys conversation, he wasnt just seeking to uncover some secrets but was interested in something else.

Soon, Xuanyuan Dapan began discussing the upcoming auction.

The campaign against the MO Luo would probably follow the auction.

This auction was crucial, and the Xuanyuan family naturally had to make some purchases.

Father, Ive prepared a trillion godstones, ready to be mobilized at any time! Xuanyuan Anshui turned his hand and took out a mustard seed, handing it to his father, Xuanyuan Dapan.

For these major families, a trillion godstones was already the limit.

Considering their usual expenses, being able to save so much was quite impressive.