Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5356: Too Rich

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Xuanyuan Dapans eyes flashed with insight and he nodded.

Todays expenditure of one billion godstones didnt seem too wasteful. At least Jian Wushuang had roughly explained the situation within the MO Luo Kingdom to him.

The discussion even touched on some matters related to the Kui Organization, implying that these pieces of information were worth 100 million. Some of them were unknown to Xuanyuan Dapan.

For instance, the Crown Prince of the MO Luo Kingdom was not associated with the Kui Organization and could be killed at will. It was even hinted that the act would be considered righteous.

As long as the head of the Crown Prince was severed, a substantial reward awaited, ensuring the family would avoid a calamity.

They also took note of the Nio Luo Kingdoms Second Prince.

If there was an opportunity, he was genuinely prepared to take action and behead him.

Since he wasnt affiliated with the Kui Organization, killing him would be acceptable.

Exiting the room, Jian Wushuang couldnt help but chuckle inwardly.

The woman waiting outside the door was like a fat lamb waiting to be slaughtered; it would be a shame not to take advantage of her.

On the way back, in the midst of the hurried flight, Jian Wushuang was tempted to give her a salute. She was all about the money, from major state affairs to trivial matters. It seemed she was well-versed in everything, appearing to be a qualified leader. This pleased Xuanyuan Anshui greatly. It seemed like her son was changing, and his strength had increased significantly. He was now on par with an emperor.

Breaking through to tier 3 in the future wouldnt be a problem. He was no weaker than the Crown Prince and could even catch up to the Second Prince.

Most importantly, Xia Mang Guanyus secrets were well-hidden. Even she had only recently learned of them.

In the future, his achievements would not be inferior to the Second Prince.

In the imperial harem, besides competing based on background and strength, the competition revolved more around their sons. Now, her son was not as bad as others claimed. Her heart power found solace.

In the end, Jian Wushuang brought up the matter of the auction and stated a figure.

Unexpectedly, Xuanyuan Anshui readily handed over the sum.

50 million godstones, she directly handed to Jian Wushuang.

Yuer, in the future, if you lack resources, feel free to come to me. Sometimes, you dont have to go to the ancestral mansion, understand? Xuanyuan Anshuis words were clearly meant to convey that part of ones strength could be concealed, and there was no need to reveal all.

How could Jian Wushuang not understand this? He quickly nodded and said sincerely, Mother, you can rest assured; I wont be like my second brother!

Good! Xuanyuan Anshuis eyes formed a crescent moon shape as she smiled.

The reason she possessed so many godstones was entirely due to the arena.

The royal family controlled the arena, and the tier 5 Emperor, every year, would hand over a large sum of godstones from the arena to her. She then transferred them to the national treasury.

Now, the one in control of the treasury was the Eldest Princess, the Emperors sister.

The Emperor was not the Crown Prince. When the ancestor abdicated, he directly chose the current Emperor, Xia Mang Junlin% within the ancestral mansion.

Xia Mang Junlin ascended to the throne, and his siblings naturally became princesses and princes.eastern fantasy

The Eldest Princess was also powerful, having known each other since childhood. Her contribution played a role in her becoming a consort.

So, in the transfer of godstones, she would always leave a portion behind every time. This number was within the range of 100 million, impossible to trace. Additionally, as the Eldest Princess managed the national treasury, she tacitly approved of this practice.

The rapid expansion of the Xuanyuan family was partly due to her bringing in a significant number of godstones over the years.

Xia Mang Guanyu had no recollection of this whatsoever. If she were to find out, Jian Wushuang would have to cough up at least 300 to 500 million.

50 million was just too little.

Upon second thought, he began to consider the matter of the auction house. He learned about some treasures from Bai Junwang, swiftly compiled a list, and presented it.

Mother, arent you going to the auction house? Your son obtained this from some channels! he said and handed it over.

Upon seeing it, Xuanyuan Anshuis expression turned astonished!

The treasures listed here left her in awe!

Elemental Sun Divine Water, starting at 5 billion godstones! Ancient Dragons Fang, starting at 1 billion godstones!

Eternal Treasure, Haotian Divine Hammer, starting at 500 million!

The treasures listed above were all valued at over 100 million, affordable only for a tier 5 Emperor or some powerful tier 4 Emperors with significant backgrounds, like Xuanyuan Anshui. She likely had a considerable amount of godstones, more than ordinary tier 5 Emperors.

Yuer, what is this list? Xuanyuan Anshui looked at Xia Mang Guanyu.

Jian Wushuang patted his chest and assured, Mother, this list must not be leaked. The items on it are absolutely genuine.

Saying so, he pulled out another list and handed it to Xuanyuan Anshui.

It documented numerous treasures that enhanced divine bodies, along with some elemental origins.

Treasures that enhanced divine bodies were always in demand, regardless of the time.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The precious treasures of the Five Elements would be used in the future to refine the origin source of the Beast God. If he couldnt return, he was prepared to seek the assistance of that divine being in the refinement.

Assisting treasures for the origin source, especially those enhancing the ultimate path, were nowhere to be found in the Four Great Secret Realms; they had all been collected by the Four Great Temples.

The treasures required for the Extreme Dao were diverse and complicated.

Recklessly having Xuanyuan Anshui exchange them would raise suspicion.

However, the treasures for enhancing the divine body were quite universal and wouldnt arouse suspicion.

The divine body?

Xuanyuan Anshui glanced at them, nodded, and said, Before merging with the Dao, the divine body indeed needs a 10,000fold increase. Isnt there anything needed for the origin source?

Mother, your son is not useless. I have already reached the perfection level in the origin source. Look! He revealed a strand of his origin source.

In reality, Xia Mang Guanyus origin source still had a long way to go. The current one was formed by him transforming the origin sources of myriad beings.

It wasnt that he didnt dare to ask for it; he feared raising suspicions. Many treasures were needed for merging with the Dao, but none were suitable.

Moreover, he wouldnt stay in Great Xia for long; he was still far from merging with the Dao!

It would take hundreds of thousands or millions of years before he dared to consider merging with the Dao,

To achieve a perfect fusion, he needed to cultivate the ninth level of the

Ultimate Sword Dao and completely integrate with the spatial origin source.

Without the existence of the Extreme Dao, it wouldnt be too difficult.

With his current vision and strength, success was practically assured.

However, the Extreme Dao was too extraordinary, even more so than the initial cultivation.

Sometimes, Jian Wushuang wondered if the Extreme Dao wasnt extraordinary but inherently divine.

Other great paths, whether second-grade or Ultimate Dao, fused into the spatial origin source. However, the Extreme Dao had to evolve into the spatial origin source itself.

The path of Myriad Dao also evolved the spatial origin source, but each Dao was weak. Only after reaching perfection could they rival the Ultimate Dao.

But if the Extreme Dao truly evolved into the spatial origin source, then the entire Myriad Daos would become Ultimate Dao within the spatial origin source, creating the Extreme Dao when combined.

This was like an upgraded version of a Myriad Dao cultivator.

His path to merging with the Dao was still long. At the very least, he would perfect the Ultimate Dao before merging with the Dao too early.

Moreover, the Extreme Dao had yet to reach the seventh level; it had been unable to achieve perfection all this time.

The Extreme Dao also had nine levels. After breaking through the seventh level, the difficulty of the next two levels, while still challenging, was decreasing rapidly..