Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5379 - 5379: Looking Back, I’ve Reached the Peak

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation   Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The complete origin, blended with the power of All Things.

Once refined, it becomes a complete myriad of Daos.

This path can rival the Ultimate path.

Such a vast and complex origin, over the years of blood sacrifice, he had refined it to a considerable extent.

The Beast God’s origin source, at least in the Eyes of the Beast God, still had some remnants. He could use that trace of the Beast God’s origin source to create a prototype.

Then it was a matter of merging these Beast God Weapons into one body. This was not difficult, but it required the top Emperor to take charge of refining treasures.

Before, he could find the old man with goat horns.

Now, the diving spirit was willing to help him fully restore the Beast God Weapons, but he was not reassured.

If it was just a simple merging, he could use the Kui Organization to find a master who refined treasures and personally visit them.

He still had billions of godstones on him, a decent meeting gift.

If things didn’t work out, he could bring out some Beast God Blood Crystals.

The blood crystals of the Gold Beast God!

Even tier 6 Emperors would go crazy to snatch them.

This time, Nalan Ci didn’t bring them out, even being able to change the rules of the Heavenly Court. Obviously, he coveted the Beast God Blood Crystals.

Gold!

It represented space.

The Emperor pursued the essence of space.

Every Dao Lord had their own path. What set him apart from others was that he followed the Dao of the Sword and the Extreme Dao.

But now, having walked the Extreme Dao, he understood that it was actually laying the foundation for the basis of space.

In the universe, there was Thought power, and this Thought power created the foundation of the universe.

Then, in the universe, the power of Devouring gave rise to black holes, the strongest substance in the universe, and the Dao of destruction was discovered from within the black hole.

Devour and then destroy.

The power of All Things.

This was actually the power of the universe transformed. Now that he had mastered the power of All Things, his control over space had greatly improved.

As long as he succeeded in merging with the Dao, his breakthrough would be at least to the level of a tier 4 Emperor, and there was even the possibility of directly advancing to become a tier 5 Emperor.

A tier 6 Emperor, achievable even with continuous enlightenment.

The strength of his foundation was evident.

This was the terror of the Extreme Dao. When he was a Dao Lord, he had already laid a solid foundation for his future as an Emperor.

The brilliance of the Sword Dao, once the Sea of Origin Source formed, a pure and simple sword hung in the space.

Countless Daoos converged, giving rise to the strongest sword in the world.

Jian Wushuang couldn’t help but feel emotional.

When he entered the Qishen Temple, his strength was nothing special.

Now, in the blink of an eye, with his current combat power, he had already reached the peak in the primal universe.

He could contend with tier 4 Emperors.

Of course, the Emperors in the Original Universe had complete Dao, much stronger than the indigenous Emperors of the Four Great Secret Realms and not easy to deal with.

The advantage of the Four Great Secret Realms lay in their ancient heritage and the abundance of treasures, giving rise to numerous formidable beings.

In the past, the Great Si Region suddenly produced dozens of Emperors because of an outer hall in the Qishen Temple.

It contained a devouring power.

That was the source of destruction. With it, ten times the number of Emperors could be born.

In the spatial domain of the Great Si Region, at most, two or three Emperors could he born simultaneously.. Otherwise. after the destruction of the Ancient

Era, it would not have taken so many years to recover its former glory.

Now, looking at it, apart from Zhen Wuyang, he could also be considered as giving face to the Great Si Region.

The day of mobilization was approaching. Although the master sought by Bai Junwang had not been found, he wasn’t too anxious.

Instead, he secluded himself to cultivate the Heavenly Demon’s ultimate technique and comprehend the Luo Hou Battle Formation.

After breaking through the divine body, he directly multiplied his power by 15,000-fold.

There were still plenty of godstones in his hands, but he wasn’t in a hurry.

If he went deep, he could even reach 30,000-fold.

Although he was still a Dao Lord now, his physical body was too strong. He could even withstand his divine body reaching 30,000-fold.

After all, the stronger the divine body, the higher the probability of successful integration in the future.

However, according to the instructions of Bai Junwang, 30,000-fold was a threshold. He needed to continuously perfect the Boundless Divine Body. To pursue further in the future, a solid foundation was necessary.

The divine body is nurtured in space and naturally requires cooperation in space.

When crafting the divine body, not all treasures should be used.

The best way is to use the Five Elements treasures to forge the divine body.

On this day, a new era dawned in Great Xia.

Xia Mang Guanyu had already visited the imperial palace early, first paying respects to Empress Xuanyuan Anshui. Then, he presented some valuable treasures, totaling over a million, as gifts.

Afterwards, he went to Qianqing Palace to pay respects to the Emperor.

These were all formalities.

In the morning.

Deep within the imperial palace, a large group of people sat on the teleportation array!

These people were all members of the Xia Mang clan.

The only one from an external clan was the old eunuch.

The power of the teleportation array was small, and the destination was not far. In fact, Jian Wushuang felt like he hadn’t left the imperial city.

The space twisted, and a change occurred.

“We’re here!”Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Many people revealed solemn expressions, especially the senior members of the Xia Mang clan.

Among these individuals, aside from the Emperors and Dao Lords, there were many Yan Immortals from the outside world. They were all from the Xia Mang Clan, providing fresh blood to the clan.

Upon their first visit, they couldn’t conceal their astonished expressions.

“Brother, is this the ancestral temple? Why does it feel so eerie?” A young Xia Mang clan girl couldn’t help but inquire.

She had just broken through to become a an Earth Immortal. Previously, she was just a commoner without the qualifications to enter the ancestral temple. This was her first visit.

The young Xia Mang clan girl held a relatively high position and was close to

Xia Mang Guanyu in the middle.

According to seniority, she had to address him as her uncle.

She was the granddaughter of Xia Mang Yunzhan, the cousin of Xia Mang Guanyu’s father.

Due to the accomplishments of Xia Mang Yunzhan, his sons became formidable Emperors, and in the next generation, several Emperors emerged.

One of his sons even reached the pinnacle of the tier 4.

This Xia Mang clan girl was his daughter, breaking through to become a Yan Immortal at just 10,000 years old.

This speed left Jian Wushuang speechless.

Xia Mang Yingxiong, another grandson of Xia Mang Yunzhan, furrowed his brow and spoke sternly, “Little sister, this is the ancestral temple. You must show respect!

The speaker was quite powerful, at least much stronger than Xia Mang

Guanyu on the surface; he was already a tier 3 Emperor.

He was the eldest grandson of Xia Mang Yunzhan.

A procession of several hundred people soon arrived at the ancestral temple.

It was called an ancestral temple, but it looked more like a shrine.

From top to bottom, they paid respects to many spirit tablets.

Three sides of the walls.

In the middle were the spirit tablets, and at the top, there was an empty main seat, obviously reserved for someone who had not yet passed away. Further down, many spirit tablets appeared, all belonging to the powerful members of the Xia Mang clan.

Jian Wushuang quickly spotted the first spirit tablet in the second row.

Xia Mang Shan — Zong Ren Wang.

A tier 5 Emperor!

The son of Xia Mang!

He was the eldest son of the Patriarch!

In the second row, there were only three positions.

Yet, they were filled with spirit tablets.

Obviously, all three sons of the Patriarch Xia Mang had already passed away.

The Xia Mang Yunxing line was the direct line and the descendants of Zong Ren Wang.

One by one, they went forward to burn incense and kowtow!

In the upper rows, there were also some Dao Lords..