Winter Wonderland
0:07 / 1:07

Fan Taihe was an Enlightenment Tier elite, after all, and he reacted the instant the hammer arrived.

However, the hammer was already about to strike. Firstly, Fan Taihe was still drunk, and secondly, Ling Hans strength was not inferior to him at all, and added with launching a sneak attack on him, how could he possibly dodge?

Peng! Although he had slightly leant to the side, he had still been struck by the hammer head-on. He had directly passed out.

Ling Han began to search.

We don't need to report, /please read N-ov3lnext
 

Spatial Spirit Tool, haha, there really are two Treasured Fruits of Life!

Yi, this belt can actually stretch out after being imbued with mystical power. It is incredibly tough. En, it is useful!

Poor guy, you only have these two items?

Sigh!

Ling Han put away his things, and strode off. Actually, the two Treasured Fruits of Life were already enough to satisfy him.

Not long after, Fan Taihe slowly regained consciousness. Instantly, a sharp pain came from the back of his head. He hurriedly leaped up, and stretched out a hand to touch it. It was wet, and sticky.

He retracted his hand and saw that it was covered with blood.

The events before he fell unconscious instantly surged over like floodwaters. He suddenly remembered that he had been ambushed and attacked.

He touched it, and involuntarily, his expression changed drastically.

The Spatial Spirit Tool, was gone.

This damn thief was really outrageously bold, to actually dare to knock him

out.

Ow, ow, ow, he rubbed the back of his head. This person was really heavy-handed, even giving him a big bump.

Right at this moment, a group of three coincidentally walked over. When they saw Fan Taihe, they all stopped in their tracks.bender

Brother, are you all right? one of them asked.

I feel like he has been knocked out. Look, the back of his head is already bulging, the second person said in a low voice.

With how sharp Fan Taihes hearing was, he immediately called out loudly, Who has been hit with a sneak attack? Who am I? Who has managed to hit me with a sneak attack? I merely tripped accidentally, what are you all looking at

He had just been speaking passionately, but had not thought that after losing his belt, how could his pants hold up to such intense movements from him? Instantly, his pants slid down.

Pu!

The three passers-by spluttered in shock. This freak was cursing them and exposing himself at the same time.

They all turned around and fled. Who knew what a pervert would do?

Fan Taihe hurriedly reached over and pulled up his pants. He then stretched out a hand and said, Dont run! He was afraid that these three people would spout nonsense.

Hearing his words, the three of them ran even faster.

just see, he had publicly exposed himself in front of three men like them. What was the meaning of this?

Damn pervert, dont even think about having any ideas about them.

Fan Taihe wanted to give chase, but an indescribable pain came from the back of his head, so he could only stop, and moan as he rubbed his head.

Damn thief, dont let me catch you, or I will definitely kill you!

On the second day, the news of Fan Taihe being attacked spread throughout the entire Imperial Capital, causing an uproar.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

By now, who did not know that Fei Yongsi and his group were very aggressive, and wanted to chase Chen Fengyan off the throne? However, it just so happened that at this time, Fan Taihe had been knocked out and robbed completely.

Though Fan Taihe was a minor character, from a certain aspect, he represented Fei Yongsis group. To make a move on Fan Taihe would be provoking Fei Yongsi and the others. With this in mind, the significance was naturally great.

But no matter how Fan Taihe tried to recall, he did not see Ling Han at all, so he naturally could not say clearly who exactly had robbed him. Thus, though this caused a great commotion, he could not find the criminal at all.

However, Xuanyuan Dingguo immediately came looking for him.

Did you do it? he approached, and asked quietly.

We will cancel this channel, follow nov3lne`xt.co_m to read more 

It could not possibly be so coincidental. Ling Han had just told him to search for the hobbies of those like Fan Taihe and the others, and the moment he turned around, Fan Taihe had already been robbed.

Ling Han merely smiled, neither admitting nor denying.

What a good guy! Xuanyuan Dingguo punched Ling Hans shoulder. Ling Han did not restrain himself in the slightest. On this night, he moved out once more.

This time, the person he had his eye on was Bai Hongcai, also the son of a Foundation Building elite. This man was a gambler, and practically played in the casino until midnight every day, but no matter how late it was, he would return. He probably did not dare to miss out on cultivation every morning.

Ling Han took a black cloth and covered his face. Then, just like the day before, he launched a sneak attack on him.

However, Bai Hongcais strength was not inferior to Fan Taihe, and he was not drunk either. Thus, though he had been sneak attacked, his reaction speed was far better than Fan Taihe. He had long since turned around, and showed a cold smile at Ling Han.

You ambushed Fan Taihe last night. Do you think I was unprepared? He was extremely proud, and he was filled with confidence in his own strength.

Ling Han did not speak, and directly channelled the Three Styles of the God of War. By now, aside from the princess of the Demon Race, no one else had seen this godly technique.

What?! Bai Hongcais expression changed drastically. This was far too terrifying. How could there be such a technique? It was as if heaven and earth had fused together with Ling Han. With a single strike, heaven and earth would surge over, so how could he block it?

He immediately boiled his blood and Qi, opened his mouth, and spat out a few golden characters.

These golden characters were very powerful, but in front of the Three Styles of the God of War, they were not enough. They were directly crushed, and Bai Hongcai was also sent flying.

Ling Han took advantage of his victory to follow up on his attack. He shot out the second and third styles, one after another.

After the three moves were over, Bai Hongcai was already lying on the ground. Thankfully, Ling Han had held back a little at the last moment. Otherwise, Bai Hong would have long since become a corpse.

The Three Styles of the God of War were too powerful.

Ling Han sighed ruefully, hurriedly plundered him, and then strode off. in a short while, Bai Hongcai also slowly regained consciousness. When he discovered that he had been robbed, he couldnt help but release a furious roar of fury. This was too humiliating. There was a precedent just yesterday, and now he had been screwed over. If this spread out, how would he be able to face others?

However, he had been severely wounded, so who could he hide this from? The night passed, and the matter of Bai Hongcai being robbed by a sneak attack also spread throughout the entire Imperial City.

Who did it?

This really vents our anger. Those people are too arrogant. It is time for someone to teach them a lesson.

Hero!

The people of the Imperial Capital naturally admired Ling Hans righteousness endlessly, and in the circle of Fan Taihe and the others, everyones expressions were dark.

-They had gathered together, and were presently discussing a strategy. Previously, it was only Fan Taihe that had been attacked. This could possibly still be an accident, but added with Bai Hongcai, this was clearly an action aimed at them.

Thus, they definitely had to catch the culprit. Otherwise, what face would they have left?

Bai Hongcai, you didnt see the culprits appearance either? one of them asked. He sat high up on the main seat, his aura deep.

This person was Fei Yongsis first disciple, and his name was Wang Yu. At present, he was already in Mystery Realm Tier, and was only a sliver away from Celestial Path.

However, it was precisely this slight gap that some would be able to cross over with a single step, while others would not be able to do so even after ten years or a hundred years.

Bai Hongcais expression was ugly, and he said, That persons face was covered with a cloth, so his appearance couldnt be seen clearly. Then what about his attack patterns? a woman asked. She was captivatingly beautiful, and had an enchanting bearing to her.

Ceng Ruixuan, an elite of the early stage of Mystery Realm Tier.

Bai Hongcais expression became even uglier, He defeated me in three moves. I dont know his attack patterns either..