Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5437 - 5437: 100,000 Years

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Emperor Tianchan was on the Transformation Dao but unexpectedly got shifted away. It was unlikely he reached the end, mainly due to the prolonged time and insufficient comprehension, leading to his displacement.

Jian Wushuang on both paths began to shorten their time, seeking faster speeds, especially on the Soul Dao.

With each level ascended, he gained substantial insights, and losing that progress through displacement would be a significant setback.

Soon enough, another individual was shifted away.

All the tier 6 Emperors from the Turtle Spirit Island, except for the Island Lord, were moved.

Following them were some tier 5 Emperors from the Elder Palace.

On the Soul Dao staircase, Jian Wushuang had climbed 20,000 steps.

On the Transformation Dao, he had covered 8,000 steps.

Yet, there was still no sign of Broly. It seemed he had already finished.

Mastering the Transformation Dao made traversing 10,000 steps relatively easy for Jian Wushuang.

Considering his expertise in manipulating All Things, Broly, who specialized in Transformation, would find it even more straightforward.

The crucial aspect remained the Soul Dao. After climbing 20,000 steps, Jian Wushuang finally caught sight of the figures of Hu Qing and Jiang Shang from behind. The two walked side by side.

Step by step, the steps were very steady. It was obvious that he had not reached his limit.

Judging by the position, he should be around the 27 ,oooth step.

Currently, Jian Wushuang had not seen Tongtian Buddha yet. The other party has likely passed the 30,000th step.

The Transformation Dao had 10,000 steps, and Jian Wushuang was unsure about the number of steps in the Soul Dao.

At the very least, he did not even see the first place.

Jian Wushuang was surprised that Tongtian Buddha could surpass them by so much.

If Jian Wushuang knew about the inheritance of Tongtian Buddha, he would not think so.

This was also why Zhen Wuyang and Chishui didn’t care.

Tongtian Buddha, on the Grave God Mountain, obtained a secret method inheritance of the universe. His soul had already been elevated, and his soul imprint had even been embedded in the Origin Source of the Universe Master, experiencing the might of the Universe Master.

This kind of opportunity naturally benefited Tongtian Buddha immensely, surpassing Zhen Wuyang and others in one go.

This time, he was one of the most competitive individuals.

As for Broly, there was no need to mention. The Transformation Dao, a special Origin Source Dao rarer than the Ultimate Dao, reaching the Third Kings Court was a tremendous stroke of luck.

He was the Emperor with the most hope to inherit the title of the Transformation Dao King, without a doubt. Jian Wushuang had little hope of competing with him.

Others had even less hope.

In the path of the soul, Tongtian Buddha was the number one seed.

The remaining were Hu Qing and Jiang Shang.

Looking at the backs of the two, Jian Wushuang suddenly felt an inexplicable attraction from Jiang Shang.

Very powerful.

That power did not seem to belong to her!

He remembered this person.

Back at the Blood Sacrifice in the Chaotic Domain, he had seen her once. Unexpectedly, she had become an Emperor now.

Back then, she was just an ordinary person. How many years had passed?

It was only a few thousand years, crossing from an ordinary person to an Emperor.

This was somewhat exaggerated.

Back then, he had been comparable to a tier 3 Emperor.

Now, he was comparable to a peak-level tier 4. With all his techniques, he could fight a tier 5 Imperial Emperor.

However, compared to the other party, it did not seem to be much heaven-defying.

In a few thousand years, this girl had advanced from a mortal to an Emperor. He had never even heard of it.

The reason why he was able to cross so many levels was because of the power of the Extreme Dao. He had comprehended the Space Origin Source in advance and had gone a long way.

Secondly, it was because of the Beast God Weapon and the Heavenly Demon Technique.

This allowed his divine body to reach the limits of a Dao Lord, allowing him to fight against a tier 5 Emperor.

Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to defy the natural order and engage in battle with a tier 5 Emperor.

Swish!

Jian Wushuang furrowed his brows slightly, realizing that Zhen Wuyang had somehow caught up to him again.

Originally, the two of them hadn’t opened much of a gap, maintaining a difference of around 200 steps.

Now, the disparity was less than 10 steps.

He dared not think too much, delving into the profound insights of his secret technique and advancing with all his might.

Immersed in it, time flowed even faster.

In the blink of an eye, 100,000 years had passed.

Since they entered the Three Kings Court, 100,000 years had elapsed.

At the 50,000-year mark, Broly was the first to complete the Transformation Dao, traversing 10,000 steps.

Just 10,000 years later, Jian Wushuang also finished 10,000 steps.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

However, when he reached the end, there was no one behind him; they had all been teleported away.

After completing the 10,000 steps, the summit looked different from what he had imagined.

The summit!

There was only an ethereal staircase, and on top, someone was seated cross-legged.

When Jian Wushuang looked towards the figure, he saw a woman, but in the blink of an eye, she transformed into an old man.

The person’s appearance changed with his thoughts.

Whatever appearance he wanted would manifest, and he even saw the person as Xuan Yi.

Shaking his head, Jian Wushuang snapped out of it, finding no one on the stairs.

Clap!

He took a step forward.

Entering the 10,001st step.

All Things, Transformation!

In this level, he experienced what it meant to defy the heavens.

After ascending the 10,000 steps, he felt that he had already grasped the essence of Transformation.

However, upon stepping into this level, he realized that the previous 10,000 steps were all in vain.

The Eternal Transformation Secret Technique, at this moment, stepped into its utmost limit.

Jian Wushuang took a deep breath, his entire aura changed, and he roared, “Eternal Transformation!”

Hum!

All his treasures converged on this body. The power of the Beast God Weapon erupted, the Candle Dragon Wings unfolded, and he slightly lifted his arm.

Jian Wushuang clenched his fist, and the dark red skin of the Candle Dragon’s

Arm burst.

Eternal Transformation amplified the Origin Source.

His Origin Source was already formidable, and this amplification made even his divine body struggle to support it.

Urgently, he activated the Beast God Weapon’s divine body to more than 30,000-fold, barely sustaining it.

Now his Origin Source contained the power of half a black hole.

Countless stars surrounded his body.

More than 30,000-fold were needed to support the Origin Source.

It’s worth noting that the divine body of a tier 5 Emperor was only a little over 30,000-fold, enough to easily support the Origin Source.

His divine body, over 30,000-fold, would burst even a Dao Lord’s divine body, but that was fine.

The stronger, the better.

No one would complain that a secret technique was too powerful.

If someone did, it meant that the opponent was too weak to withstand the secret technique.

He hadn’t even used the Heavenly Demon Technique yet.

Once he did, he could reach a divine body of over 40,000-fold, enough for him to use the Eternal Transformation.

Originally thought to be difficult to cultivate, unexpectedly, upon reaching this level, he could directly enter the Lesser Mahayana realm and refine the Eternal Transformation.

Reached the Lesser Mahayana realm.

Swoosh!

Before he could react, his figure disappeared from the steps, being teleported away.

He cleared the Transformation Dao path.

In the blink of an eye, he found himself in a brightly lit hall.

Many people had gathered here at this moment.

The only familiar face was Emperor Wan Xing.

The others included those tier 5 Emperors who couldn’t pass the chess game, and of course, the tier 6 Emperors from Turtle Spirit Island.

Chishui!

Wanderer Chishui was also here.

Jian Wushuang had now restored his true appearance. Regardless, he was still someone from the East Universe, so he had to greet them.

“It’s been a long time since we last met. I heard that you encountered difficulties in the Heavenly Realm. I thought….”