Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5464  Reached the Top

"Hmph, the middle of the mountain is simply not suitable for cultivation. With his abilities, a month's time is more than enough to reach the summit. Why waste time here!"

The speaker had a point, but it differed from Jian Wushuang's perspective.

A day of cultivation here increased his speed by no less than ten times.

Originally, he could reach the summit in three days!

Yet, after a day of cultivation here, he gained much mastery over the demonic melodies. Now, he could reach the mountaintop in just one day.

Exhaling, Jian Wushuang moved like an ordinary person, steady strides on the mountain path.

One step, two steps, a hundred steps!

In an instant, Jian Wushuang covered 1,000 feet.

This scene drew gasps from the onlookers. "How can he be so fast?"

Jian Wushuang's speed was astonishing, exceeding even the peak-level tier 5. Little did they know, Jian Wushuang had an intimate understanding of this Universe Origin Source.

Had he not devoured a trace of it earlier, even with his current strength, it would take years to reach the summit despite his exceptional talent.

His combat power had indeed reached the peak-level tier 5, thanks to the formidable divine body.

The strength of the divine body might not have much correlation with cultivation.

Comprehending the universal origin relied on both innate talent and the potency of the Origin Source.

His current spatial Origin Source was only slightly stronger than that of ordinary tier 5 Emperors, as he had not fully mastered the realm of black holes.

There was much room for improvement.

Whew!

Exhaling once again, Jian Wushuang didn't pause this time, heading straight for the summit.

He hadn't had the opportunity to closely comprehend the Origin Source at the summit.

Moreover, he wanted to enter the Demon-Sealing Space and revisit the old place.

As time ticked away, his speed had already alerted the elder guarding the melody-enshrouded mountain below.

The elder, with flowing white brows and eyes congealed into slits, muttered to himself, "How have I not heard of such a talented individual?"

Afterward, he began to inquire with some friends and learned about Jian Wushuang's identity from them.

"Oh, it's him!" The old man nodded. Once he knew Jian Wushuang's identity, everything made sense to him.

Speaking of which, Jian Wushuang also had some credit for being able to send the Demon Sound Mountain to the Elder Palace.

If it weren't for Shan Jun violating the rules, ultimately causing the Vermilion Bird Temple to take the blame, Zhen Ling would not have brought the Demon Sound Mountain to the Four Great Secret Realms.

This was originally a treasure land in the Original Realm.

Hmph!

Jian Wushuang took the final step and reached the mountaintop.

If you didn't count the time he spent staying, this time it took him less than a day to reach the summit. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The journey was smoother than he had imagined.

At the moment of reaching the summit, he saw the appearance of the mountaintop. Compared to before, not much had changed, except that the pillar was gone, replaced by a palace.

"Demon Sound Divine General?"

Jian Wushuang saw the plaque above the palace and was somewhat surprised!

The Demon-Sealing Space was gone. How did it change to a palace, and it was named the Demon Sound Divine General?

The cold wind and the thriving demonic sound on the mountaintop, there were only a few tier 5 Emperors here. Jian Wushuang scanned around and didn't recognize anyone, but from their auras, they should be tier 5 Emperors from the Original Universe.

After arriving at the Qishen Temple, those Emperors needed to find the Grave God Mountain themselves, and their strength was not enough. Most of them stayed in the Elder Palace, and some went out for adventures.

In just a few tens of thousands of years, none of them had achieved the kind of one-step-to-heaven existence, reaching the tier 6 Emperor. Without the combat power of a tier 6 Emperor, going to God's Tomb to find the Grave God Mountain was courting death.

Without the resources on Grave God Mountain, relying solely on places like the Elder Palace was just icing on the cake for them.

They wandered in the river of time and space for years, and a tier 5 Emperor was already a peak existence. In their timeline, there was no Universe Master, and even tier 6 Emperors were rare.

The tier 5 Emperor was already a peak existence, having visited many precious places. Although Qishen Temple was unique, it lacked some ancient inheritances that wouldn't offer substantial help to them.

Some places were particularly special, aiding their cultivation significantly faster than the outside world. The crucial one was the Grave God Mountain.

Zhen Ling had promised them that once they reached the Grave God Mountain, they could be cultivated into peak powerhouses.

This assurance was quite bold.

However, upon further thought, what Zhen Ling did wasn't unreasonable.

To reach the Grave God Mountain, they had to be at least tier 6 Emperors. These Emperors from the Original Universe were already individuals with tremendous luck and talent.

Even without the cultivation from Qishen Temple, reaching the tier 6 Emperor wasn't an issue. Once at the Grave God Mountain, Zhen Ling would personally nurture them, and reaching the peak wouldn't be a problem.

Reaching the peak meant real combat power, and as long as they weren't too foolish, they could attain the level of the former Divine Envoys.

The battle power of Guangmu Tianzun wasn't even on par with Bai Junwang, though the Divine Envoys' combat power wasn't extraordinary—it was merely symbolic.

The true power lay with the Divine Generals!

Divine Generals!

Jian Wushuang looked towards the hall depicting the Demon Sound Divine General, thinking about something.

"Friend, have you come from the Grave God Mountain?"

Just as Jian Wushuang was lost in thought, a sturdy young man in dark red armor approached.

Jian Wushuang knew that these people all came from the Original Universe, and he dared not be disrespectful.

In the past, these were ancestors of some major forces. Now that they could stand shoulder to shoulder, he didn't dare to be too presumptuous.

"Elder, I am Jian Wushuang. Similar to the elder, I have not yet been to the Grave God Mountain!" Jian Wushuang clasped his hands, his voice showing a hint of respect.

The listener paused, then thought of something and didn't ask any further.

The name of Jian Wushuang was almost known to many in the Elder Palace because of that incident back then, which had shocked the entire Elder Palace.

Those tier 5 Emperors from the Original Universe who came to the Elder Palace were naturally heard of, and they knew about Jian Wushuang, the unlucky guy who was taken away before even entering the Grave God Mountain. His life and death were unknown.

"So, you're Senior Zhutian!" Jian Wushuang heard the other party's name and was truly startled. This was the owner of the Eternal Tower and the ancestor of the peak forces, the master of the Demon Lord Fengyu.

If it were in the outside world, he would, at most, be a Nine Revolutions Grand Yan Immortal now. It's not easy to meet such a big shot, let alone have an equal conversation.

However, after encountering so many experts, Jian Wushuang remained calm.

He had met many powerful experts.

He had encountered many powerful supreme-peak level experts.

There was the Grand Elder of the Mo Luo Nation, as well as Bai Junwang with whom he had a good relationship. Not to forget Shan Jun.

He had encountered many in the Elder Palace as well, such as Wu Zuo, Emperor Lu Hua, and others.

Now meeting a former top-notch expert, although there was some excitement in his heart, he quickly calmed down.

"Senior, have you just arrived at the Elder Palace?"

Zhutian smiled and said, "I've been here for tens of thousands of years. I really envy you youngsters. You've caught up with a great era."

Indeed, for the experts from the Original Universe, this was indeed a great era.