Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5485  Universe Crystal

They wondered where to look.

Dongsheng didn't dare to directly speak ill of Yunzhong Jun, so he had to tactfully say, "Forget it, maybe that senior is also not aware of it!"

Wanyan on the side was a bit unhappy and said to Dongsheng, "Are you implying that we're deceiving a gentleman? Do we have the heart of a villain?"

"I didn't say that!" Dongsheng quickly waved his hands.

"Let's search this place first! See if there are any special treasures!" Jian Wushuang redirected the conversation to the main topic.

This was the Dao Arena of the Dark King.

Even if there were no treasures, relying on the environment here, cultivation was much faster than outside, and time couldn't be wasted.

"Dao Friend Wushuang is right, let's first understand the situation here!" Dongsheng also followed suit, starting to search around.

Swish!

Jian Wushuang soared into the air, above the palace, the dwelling place of Dragon God.

There was a jade platform of 10,000 feet. Seeing that jade platform, Jian Wushuang's eye sockets contracted; he was very familiar with the aura inside.

If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn't have found out.

Because the aura here contained the Origin Source of the universe, suppressing the Origin Source within that jade platform.

"A universe crystal!" Jian Wushuang felt ecstatic in his heart, a universe crystal the size of 10,000 feet.

It was more precious than the universe godstone; a universe crystal (or cosmic crystal) of 10,000 feet was made up of universe godstones with a million feet.

To refine a universe crystal, one needed to spend tens of thousands of universe godstones.

This kind of universe crystal was generally used by Universe Masters to restore their Origin Source.

This 10,000 feet universe crystal was invaluable.

Upon reaching the top, Jian Wushuang directly collected it.

The three of them searched separately, and whoever found the treasure would naturally belong to them.

Jian Wushuang restrained his excitement. These universe crystals were the most significant treasures he had gained this time.

With them, he didn't need the Spatial Origin Source to reach the realm of a black hole; he could elevate the Extreme Dao to perfection.

Although the Origin Source here was not the Origin Source of the Universe Master of the Original Universe, it evolved from them, and its power was comparable.

After putting away the universe crystals, Jian Wushuang didn't linger but continued searching in other directions.

As he proceeded, just in the dwelling place of Dragon God, he found many rare treasures.

Though their values were unknown, the auras above them were not weak. For instance, a teapot contained an eternal aura.

After searching Dragon God's dwelling place, Jian Wushuang went to other areas.

The three deliberately avoided each other, maintaining a harmonious atmosphere.

In no time, everything in the main hall was taken.

All three wore pleased expressions; it seemed the harvest was quite good.

Especially Dongsheng, he couldn't stop smiling. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Haha, there are indeed many treasures. That senior didn't deceive us!" Dongsheng exclaimed, taking out a jar from the mustard seed.

It emitted a peculiar fragrance.

Wanyan was curious, and he leaned over and sniffed. Unable to resist using his Thought power to examine it.

Seeing this, Dongsheng quickly moved the jar aside and said, "What's the rush? Since I took it out, you're naturally entitled to a share."

"Was this jar found here?" Jian Wushuang asked.

"Yes, it was placed in a corner, and I searched carefully and happened to discover it!" Dongsheng smiled.

Wanyan was a bit curious and quickly said, "Why don't you open it and see what it is!"

"It seems to be wine; otherwise, I wouldn't have taken it out. If it's wine, let's drink it together!"

Dongshen's words made Wanyan give him a thumbs up and praise, "Brother Dongshen, in the Original Universe, what I admire most about you is that you never forget the benefits for us, your old brothers!"

"Go away, last time you said you admired Zhutian the most. Later, when you saw Shang at the Qishen Temple, you said you admired him the most. The things you say, who would believe them?!" Dongshen said unkindly.

However, Wanyan didn't mind. Since they could share, that meant they were good brothers.

...

Jian Wushuang was also curious. The three of them sat together and began to study the things in the altar.

After opening the lid on top, the strange smell became even stronger.

Wanyan had already taken out the wine glasses, directly manipulating a strand of Thought power to draw out the liquid and pour it into three glasses.

They handed them out one by one.

Jian Wushuang took it and thanked them but didn't rush to drink. He felt that the smell was a bit strange. Although he wasn't afraid of poison, their divine bodies were strong, and even if they were poisoned, they wouldn't die.

Dongshen didn't think too much and raised his glass, drinking it in one gulp. Then he grinned and said, "This taste is a bit strong! It's strong liquor!"

"Oh, really?!" Wanyan also drank it in one gulp, then licked his lips and said with lingering delight, "This is good wine! The strong experts from ancient times really know how to enjoy!"

Jian Wushuang didn't drink for a long time. Instead, he activated his mighty Thought power to analyze the particles in the liquid. He wanted to see what it contained.

Otherwise, he wouldn't feel at ease drinking it.

Upon careful analysis, Jian Wushuang found that this seemed to be not wine. The divine power contained in it was more like the blood of a divine beast.

But that wasn't right.

In the bloodstream, the aura of the physical body should not be this weak.

It's not blood, yet it contains the power of the body, and the aura is faint. This indicates that these liquids are emitted from the body.

Thinking of this, Jian Wushuang disdainfully put down the wine glass.

Wanyan and Dongshen crouched on the ground, raised their heads in surprise, and asked, "What's wrong? Doesn't it suit your taste?"

"Both of you, it's better to drink less of this stuff!"

Jian Wushuang was smiling inside, but he couldn't bear to tell them the truth.

The face of the two peak-level tier 5 Emperors was still important. In the outside world, they were ancestors of various major forces. If this were to be revealed, it would be a loss of face.

They probably already had the heart to kill Jian Wushuang; it was necessary to silence him.

This liquid is very likely to be the urine of that Dragon God!

Although it is urine, Dragon God is an extraordinary figure, and his divine body is probably more than 70,000-fold. Even if it's his urine, it might be somewhat helpful to cultivators.

Although not substantial assistance, being able to strengthen the body is not bad, at least it's not harmful.

As for advising them to drink less, it's because the Yang energy contained in this thing is very strong, and Jian Wushuang is afraid that these two individuals won't be able to control it.

Wanyan wiped his mouth, nodded, and said, "Indeed, I've drunk so much, and my strength hasn't increased. Instead, the pure Yang energy in my body is extremely vigorous!"

"What's wrong? Do you need to vent your anger when you go out?" Dongshen joked.

Dongshen rolled his eyes. Could he really say such a thing?

At the same time, he also put away the jar on the ground. Since it's not of much help, there's no point in drinking this stuff.

"Did you two find any exits during your search just now?" Jian Wushuang changed the topic and brought up the main issue.

Currently, they faced a difficult problem—how to get out.