Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5492  Magma Beast

He had once searched for information about the Beast God Weapons. Some of its components were left behind in the Four Great Secret Realms, but he didn't have the time to search for them one by one. Once he successfully integrated the Dao, he would have the ability to restore the Beast God Weapons when he had the time.

Even if the Beast God Weapon wasn't complete, restoring half of its power would make it stronger than ordinary Universe Treasures. It would be enough for him to roam the Emperor Realm.

"What a pity!" Jian Wushuang turned around and sighed as he looked back.

If it weren't a matter of life and death, he wouldn't have done this.

His clone plunged into the bottomless abyss and emerged from a black hole.

There, in the true purgatory, Jian Wushuang's clone had just entered when a brown flame appeared before him. It directly annihilated his body, leaving no trace.

The flame was emitted by a giant lava beast, millions of miles in size.

Its body had numerous molten caves, from which flames occasionally erupted.

"Hmm?"

The lava beast sensed a familiar aura.

"What is this?"

Feathers, scales, arms, and an eye.

It was precisely the components of the Beast God Weapon left behind by Jian Wushuang, separated instantly by the flame.

"Candle Dragon!" exclaimed the lava beast.

In its huge eyes, there was endless rage. It slowly stood up, and a pair of enormous wings unfolded, remarkably similar to Candle Dragon's wings.

"The seventh generation descendant, Man Qian, pays respects to the ancestor!"

It was something left behind by its ancestors.

In the beginning, the first generation Beast God, Candle Dragon, was killed and refined into the Beast God Weapon by the Qishen Temple. However, some innate divine beasts left behind descendants, and they regarded Candle Dragon as their ancestor.

Candle Dragon was on par with powerhouses like the Three Kings, naturally having followers.

Buzz!

A violent figure appeared instantly.

However, this figure was not Divine General Moyin but Shan Jun and Wu Zuo.

"Old Man Qian, who are you making offerings for?" Wu Zuo sneered.

Seeing it was Wu Zuo, Man Qian roared angrily, "Wu Zuo!"

Before Man Qian could erupt, Shan Jun transformed into his true form.

It was an evil shadowy giant beast with only one eye, and its sharp cry sent shivers down one's spine.

"Man Qian, these things, I'm afraid, can't be left to you!" Shan Jun sneered.

Since he arrived here, being a part of Qishen in the past, the suppressed ancient beasts and some Special Life Forms had harbored deep hatred for Qishen. They had been hunting Shan Jun everywhere.

Over the years, Shan Jun had been on the run. Now, with Wu Zuo's arrival, wielding the key to the Second Prison, those old guys kept their distance.

Shan Jun revealed his original ferocious fangs, ready to retaliate against these old guys. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

He wasn't afraid of retaliation after Wu Zuo left; these guys never intended to let him go in the first place.

Shan Jun, in his true form, shook the heavens with his formidable strength.

Even Wu Zuo standing on the side was amazed!

It was that legendary figure who had captured Shan Jun in the first place.

Some Divine Generals were no match for Shan Jun. His strength was well-known.

With a burst of violent power accompanied by a black fist shadow, it smashed down, followed by a million fist shadows exploding.

The force made the heavens and earth lose their color, and even the sturdy body of the lava giant beast shattered.

"Weren't you guys looking for me all along?"

Shan Jun thoroughly smashed the lava giant beast into the underground, and the aura became extremely weak.

He raised his head, looking at the ancient beings hiding in the darkness in the distance, disdainfully saying, "What? Are you scared now?"

Those ancient beings weren't afraid of Shan Jun but were afraid of the key in Wu Zuo's hands. It was a token that could arbitrarily suppress all the powerful beings inside the Second Prison.

The strength of Shan Jun was formidable, but even he couldn't face a multitude alone.

"A group of timid mice! Back when my master was still around, you lot weren't even worthy of being confined here!" The voice of Wu Zuo was icy.

Upon hearing the name Qishen, these ancient beings held their breath.

Even after Qishen had fallen for such a long time, they still feared him. Just the mention of his name could send shivers down their spines.

Seeing no response, Shan Jun handed the components of the Beast God Weapon to Wu Zuo, instructing, "Deliver a message for me to that little guy. Devouring is not wrong; black holes will emerge in the universe. It's not our fault!"

Wu Zuo felt a bit embarrassed upon hearing this but neither agreed nor refuted.

There was nothing wrong with taking these things back to Jian Wushuang.

"You should leave now. I'll follow shortly. Without the suppression of the token, dealing with these old folks will be a bit troublesome!"

Shan Jun nodded, and in the blink of an eye, he disappeared from the spot.

Wu Zuo, after intimidating the others for the duration of an incense stick, manipulated the token and casually tore through the space, leaving the Second Prison.

He needed to rush back to report!

Qishen Temple, within the Sea of Origin Source.

Zhen Ling stared wide-eyed, pacing in a pavilion, muttering to himself, "How did he manage to return above? You all have a responsibility for this matter. It's clearly a one-way passage; how did that guy return above using the same passageway?"

"In a world where even a Dao Lord could advance against the wind, if those old fellows were allowed to escape, I reckon I don't even to bother with you. How useless! Just head to the Second Prison yourselves and find a spot with good Feng Shui to bury yourselves!"

In the pavilion, besides Zhen Ling, there were also Divine General Moyin and Wu Zuo.

The passage was created by Divine General Moyin and Wu Zuo, so naturally, they were responsible for it.

Wu Zuo had initially planned to use this method to reach the Earthly Realm and throw all those rebellious Kui Organization members into the Second Prison, saving them the trouble of going there to slaughter them. Now it seemed the plan wouldn't work.

Otherwise, he could have used this achievement to once again challenge for the position of the Palace Lord.

Unfortunately, he encountered this stroke of bad luck.

However, he also had to thank Jian Wushuang for this. The first one to fall was Jian Wushuang, and Jian Wushuang managed this feat. If he could investigate, it would save him from a fatal mistake.

Otherwise, if the passage was opened into the Earthly Realm, releasing a group of ancient entities, he would be finished. The Four Great Secret Realms would probably be doomed.

He almost made a huge mistake.

When that time came, Zhen Ling would probably slaughter him to offer a sacrifice.

"Also, those benefits you promised to them are all gone now. You guys should come up with them yourselves, especially that Universe Origin Source!"

Originally, being scolded a bit was tolerable. After all, Zhen Ling's temper was such that anyone who came would be scolded, and Wu Zuo was used to it.

But when he heard that he had to pay from his own pocket, his expression froze.

Zhen Ling, with small eyes, approached Wu Zuo, lowering his voice, "What? Don't agree?"

"No, no!" Wu Zuo hastily waved his hand and then explained, "My Lord, even if you sold me, I still wouldn't be able to get a Universe Origin Source!"

The Origin Source of the Universe Master was similar to the Emperor's, both were complete Origin Sources contained within their bodies.

It just required a Universe Master to separate their own Origin Source, and a Universe Master without an Origin Source would probably immediately enter a deep sleep.

After waking up for several epochs, the Origin Source would self-repair halfway, and then they would have to cultivate for countless epochs to fully restore to their peak.