Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5495  Compensation

Since Jian Wushuang and the others entered, several more individuals entered the Demon Sound Hall. However, only Jian Wushuang emerged from it.

They never expected Jian Wushuang to be the first to enter and ultimately the first to come out.

Following Wu Zuo down the Demon Sound Mountain, Jian Wushuang's mood was exceptionally good.

The Origin Source of the Universe!

It would soon be in his hands.

It seemed he would have to seclude himself again.

In his joy, he forgot why Wu Zuo had such a stern expression on his face.

Leaving Demon Sound Mountain, the two of them arrived at the most prosperous island in Yuanyang Lake.

This was the largest island on Yuanyang Lake.

Yuanyang Island!

Fully equipped, it resembled the scale of a small city, with many practitioners above, almost all Emperors, and their strengths were not weak.

There were few tier 2 or 3 Emperors; most were tier 4 Emperors.

Jian Wushuang and Wu Zuo strolled around, entering a massive estate.

This was Wu Zuo's private mansion, seldom visited by others.

Upon entering, they were met with a massive stone monument, on which were engraved thousands of names.

Seeing the monument, Wu Zuo spoke, "Wait for me!"

Then he took out three sticks of incense, lit them, and placed them in the censer.

"Jian Wushuang, come over!" Wu Zuo turned and beckoned to Jian Wushuang, who was still standing at the door.

Approaching, Jian Wushuang noticed that the monument was made of universe crystal. Judging by its scale, it was ten times larger than the one he obtained.

Rows of names were engraved from top to bottom.

Surprisingly, Wu Zuo's name was among them, which puzzled Jian Wushuang!

"Offering incense to oneself? That's quite absurd!"

Wu Zuo self-mockingly smiled.

Jian Wushuang, standing aside, dared not laugh.

"Names above, some are my junior disciples, while others are my senior brothers or sisters."

Jian Wushuang was somewhat surprised to hear this; he hadn't expected Qishen to have so many disciples.

On the solitary bridge, he had encountered numerous illusions, and during Qishen's teachings, the area below was filled with people.

Now it seemed that they were all disciples of Qishen.

Wu Zuo continued his narration, his expression tinged with sadness.

"The reason I engraved my name here is that I had long thought of myself as dead, having died by my master's side, forever accompanying the old man!"

At this point, tears welled up in Wu Zuo's eyes.

Seeing the other so emotional, Jian Wushuang began to curse Zhen Ling in his heart. This was the sole survivor among Qishen's disciples, and yet, he was still expelled.

Zhen Ling truly wasn't a decent entity.

Not to mention ancient times, even in the present.

In a sect or faction, if the master fell, and the senior brothers and sisters were no more, then the sect would belong to the only surviving disciple.

If there were still many people within the sect, a selection would be made from among the strong.

But Zhen Ling did the opposite. First, Wu Zuo was expelled, and then he was thrown into the Earth Realm's wilderness.

Wasn't this inhumane?

However, this sympathy didn't last long. Jian Wushuang learned an important piece of information from Wu Zuo's following words.

His Universe Origin Source was gone!

Not only his Universe Origin Source, but also the inheritance of the Universe Masters of Dongshen and Wanyan had disappeared.

"Sorry about that. There was an issue with the passage, causing you to be able to return the same way!"

Jian Wushuang now understood!

This wasn't Wu Zuo's fault at all; it was his own problem!

Indirectly, he had also trapped Dongshen and Wanyan.

These two were also unlucky. When they crossed the second bridge, they both hoped to pass through on their own strength, only to be implicated by Jian Wushuang, and everyone was teleported out together.

On the third bridge, the two struggled to get through with all their might. However, due to the existence of Jian Wushuang's clone, the promised reward was canceled.

Indeed, one cannot take shortcuts on the path of cultivation.

A layer of dead ash covered Jian Wushuang's face.

Wu Zuo beside him thought Jian Wushuang was about to explode and quickly said, "But rest assured, I will make it up to you. I don't have the complete Origin Source of the Universe, but with the incomplete one, I can probably give you about 20 percent!"

Jian Wushuang turned to look at Wu Zuo but didn't say a word.

Now he felt as if he had eaten a fly!

It felt awful.

Wu Zuo was also afraid that Jian Wushuang would collapse and continued, "Whatever you need, just speak up. I will satisfy anything you can meet quickly!"

Originally, it was a complete Universe Origin Source!

Now, no interest remained; he just wanted the complete Origin Source of the Universe.

But this matter couldn't be entirely blamed on Wu Zuo. The other party was also passing the buck, probably finding an excuse not to give up the treasure.

This time he really misunderstood. Zhen Ling did intend to give him the Origin Source of the Universe. If he were to blame anyone, he could only blame himself.

If his main body entered the Second Prison, Wu Zuo and Shan Jun would rescue him at the first moment, and the flames could extinguish his dispersion but not directly eliminate his main body. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The clone was too weak, only at the peak of the tier 4 Emperor.

Wu Zuo was still watching him on the side, waiting for his response.

Since Wu Zuo wanted to be the scapegoat, he wouldn't be polite.

Can't have a falling out over treasures!

He happened to be short of treasures right now and began to calculate the treasures he needed.

"The essence of All Things, I need the essence of All Things from a realm!" Jian Wushuang spoke up.

Wu Zuo took a deep breath. Although the essence of All Things in one realm was precious, some supreme-peak experts in the Four Great Secret Realms might not be able to obtain it. However, for him, it was simple; he could just go to the Earth Realm and fetch some.

"A drop of pure Beast God Blood!"

"200,000 cubic units of universe crystal!" Jian Wushuang looked at the stone tablet and spoke.

Even though a stone tablet was worth 100,000 units, it wasn't too harsh compared to what Wu Zuo still had in his hand.

Wu Zuo felt a bit embarrassed about this. He didn't have many universe crystals, but he could manage to gather some.

"By the way, I need Lord Wu Zuo's help with something. My Beast God Weapon components were lost in the Second Prison. I don't know if I can retrieve them!" Jian Wushuang asked uncertainly.

Wu Zuo, hearing this, looked somewhat troubled. After a moment of hesitation, he said, "No problem, it's just a bit troublesome. You'll have to wait for a month!"

"Then I'll trouble you!" Jian Wushuang expressed his gratitude.

Wu Zuo revealed a slightly embarrassed smile and said, "This time it was my negligence; it should be done!"

"I'll wait for Lord Wu Zuo's message!"

"After a month, come here to find me!"

Then the two bid farewell.

Before leaving, Wu Zuo gave him a token. It was a golden token of the Enforcement Hall, something only the Hall Master and a few Deputy Hall Masters possessed. Knowing that Jian Wushuang would be moving around the northern border of the Heavenly Realm, Wu Zuo handed the token to him.

With this token, he could move freely throughout the entire northern border.

Jian Wushuang was quite pleased with this. He was actually planning to go to the northern border's mines to find Gong Miaoyi's father.

He initially thought he could obtain a complete Universe Origin Source, and his Sword Dao could smoothly break through. He wouldn't have to bother with such a trip. Now, it seemed he had to go in person.