Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 551: Peak Battle Strength!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Good lord!”

“This...”

“This power is incredible! Is this the strength of a Divine Emperor?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Faced with a crater in the Bloodshed Valley that was over one thousand feet deep, experts outside the Restriction breathed gulps of air in terror.

These effects were caused by what power remained. This meant that the original attack would have been much more powerful.

More importantly, it was a fight between Emperor Golden Snake and a Saint Realm.

The Saint Realm had been well matched with Emperor Golden Snake in the head-on exchange.

At the center, the two terrible forces clashed in a frenzy. Staring at Jian Wushuang coldly, Emperor Golden Snake said “Young man, I didn’t expect that you’d improve again in the last month. In fact, you improved a lot.”

“If I wasn’t prepared, would I be foolish enough to have a life-or-death duel with you?” Jian Wushuang said with a cold smile.

“Do you think you are strong enough now? Ridiculous.” Emperor Golden Snake sneered at him. With a move of his wrist, he retrieved the black scimitar and ripped it out in the next second.

It was a seemingly simple move, but only people who had perfectly control of their strength were able to do it.

Jian Wushuang leaned back. The black scimitar missed him and skimmed over his clothes.

Jian Wushuang leaped forward. His power peaked as his Triple-kill Sword slashed fiercely in the direction of Emperor Golden Snake.

Swish!

Emperor Golden Snake made a sudden dodge. Jian Wushuang’s longsword missed him but cut the residual shadow Emperor Golden Snake had left.

A sudden cold wind blew as the scimitar flew back towards Jian Wushuang’s head.

Whoosh! A cold and sharp blade light streaked against Jian Wushuang’s neck. But this drew no blood. Jian Wushuang’s figure vanished gradually.

That had been Jian Wushuang’s residual shadow.

On the battlefield, both Jian Wushuang and Emperor Golden Snake’s speeds reached their zenith.

Whoosh... Countless residual shadows moved quickly in the air.

Experts outside the Restriction were stupefied. Their eyes were open wide and they were trying to follow the battle. However, this was in vain as they were merely First-grade Divine Generals and Second-grade Divine Generals.

“Their speed!”

“They’re too fast.”

“I’ve always known Emperor Golden Snake was fast, but how could Jian Wushuang, a Saint Realm, be so fast?”

The spectators were filled with amazement.

Even Divine Emperors marveled at the scene before them.

“I can’t believe it! Jian Wushuang is no slower than a normal Divine Emperor.”

“It’s his body. His strong body helps his speed. I can see that.”

“It seems it’s not easy for Golden Snake to kill Jian Wushuang.”

It was supposed to be easy for a Divine Emperor to kill a Saint Realm.?However, based on the current situation, they had their doubts. They wondered whether Emperor Golden Snake would be able to kill Jian Wushuang.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

The two figures reappeared in the Void.

“Emperor Golden Snake, show your full strength, or it will be boring for me to kill you,” Jian Wushuang said coolly.

He was aware that Emperor Golden Snake had not fought with his full strength. It had only been a competition of speed just now.

Similarly, Jian Wushuang had held back.

“As you wish.”

Emperor Golden Snake began to unleash his full powers. Shining grey light glinted from the black scimitar in his hand and a terrible power gathered around it.

Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes.

He had once had a brief fight with Emperor Golden Snake in the East Camp. Then, when Emperor Golden Snake had intended to strike a killing blow, the black scimitar had made a similar change. Fortunately, Emperor Xiying had stopped him.

However, it was a life-or-death duel this time. No one would stop Emperor Golden Snake.

“Emperor Golden Snake is using his trump card.”

Sovereigns who were gathered in the air outside the Restriction also grew grave when they noticed the black scimitar’s change.

“I’ve seen this move, it’s powerful.” Emperor Fengxiao said.

Emperor Fengxiao’s acknowledgment meant that the move was really powerful.

“Golden Snake has always been secretive. Even when he fights against Demonic Beasts, he seldom displays his full skills. It’s rare to see him use his trump card. No one would have expected him to use it against a Saint Realm today.”

“As a Saint Realm, Jian Wushuang should be proud that Golden Snake isn’t holding back in this battle, even if he is ultimately killed.”

“What a pity. If he wasn’t an outsider but born in Monster Continent, things would be different.”

They all sighed as they imagined Jian Wushuang being killed.

This was the natural order of things. A Saint Realm was much weaker than a Divine Emperor. They thought it extraordinary that Jian Wushuang had forced Emperor Golden Snake to play his trump card. They had never expected more.

On the battlefield, Emperor Golden Snake raised his black scimitar slowly, on which an enormous power was gathering.

The spectators were quiet. People outside the Restriction looked on with bated breath.

As he faced Emperor Golden Snake, Jian Wushuang clearly felt the overwhelming threat of the black scimitar. Battle intent in his eyes rose suddenly and sharply.

“Let’s fight head-on!”

Jian Wushuang suddenly shouted and his Spiritual Power swelled. A sharp light materialized from behind him.

A stream of Supreme Sword Essence erupted.

Next, a 60-meter-high Golden Sword Soul Phantom rose behind Jian Wushuang.

The Golden Sword Soul Phantom stood on the top of the world with an unyielding and oppressive aura, with Supreme Sword Essence sweeping across it!

Jian Wushuang stood under the Golden Sword Soul Phantom like a War God. The longsword in his hand had transformed.

The Triple-kill Sword had been replaced by Heart-killing Sword!

His Blood Fire Domain began to spread out as well.

Asura Secret Skill, Road to the Underworld!

Asura Secret Skill, Bridge of Helplessness!

All his skills were displayed simultaneously!

Jian Wushuang’s battle strength had peaked!