Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5499  Beiwang Tower

Finally hearing that familiar hearty voice, he breathed a sigh of relief.

"Old Friend Wushuang!" Wanyan stepped up to Jian Wushuang, his smile as warm as ever.

Though Dongshen maintained some aloofness, he too was pleased to see Jian Wushuang.

Only then did Jian Wushuang truly relax.

"Two Dao Friends, how did you end up here?" Jian Wushuang avoided asking about the affairs in the Demon-Sealing Space.

Dongshen revealed a smile and exclaimed, "Haha, if you can come, why can't we? Of course, it's for Beiwang Tower!"

"Let's go, find a place to settle first; this is not the place for conversation!" Wanyan reminded, then took Jian Wushuang to a magnificently decorated tavern.

The place was somewhat similar to what he had encountered in the mundane mortal world, surprising him that such a place existed on Yuanyang Island.

Upon entering, they were led to the largest private room.

The selection of drinks was extensive, each item a precious treasure. The beverages on their table alone probably cost no less than 10 million godstones.

"I'll treat this time, don't fight me for it!" Wanyan glanced at Dongshen, then turned to Jian Wushuang, fearing someone might compete with him.

Jian Wushuang had no intention of competing; he truly had no money. As long as they didn't make him pay, he was fine with anything.

The three sat down, and after three rounds of drinks, they began discussing the events that had transpired since Jian Wushuang's departure.

Both Wanyan and Dongshen had joined the ranks of Divine General Moyin, becoming candidates for Envoys (or Messengers). They obtained numerous treasures and, just as Wu Zuo had mentioned, the universe inheritance was no more.

However, an unexpected gain occurred. Besides the treasures they received, they also obtained a unique opportunity.

After reaching the rank tier 6, they reached the Grave God Mountain and could acquire the inheritance of the Qishen Temple!

Jian Wushuang's eyes nearly popped out when he heard those words.

Qishen's inheritance?

So far, it seems that no one has obtained Qishen's inheritance, not even Shang.

What stroke of luck did these two have to actually obtain Qishen's inheritance?

Wanyan noticed Jian Wushuang's astonishment, pressed his hand down, and said, "Calm down. Although it is Qishen's inheritance, it's not entirely so."

"Not entirely?" Jian Wushuang became even more puzzled.

"Yes, it's like this. Under Qishen's command, there were originally 3 Divine Masters, 18 Divine Generals, and 108 Envoys. You know about this, right?" Dongshen said.

Jian Wushuang nodded. He knew this from the beginning; it wasn't a secret.

"These individuals, in ancient times, were the most elite forces under Qishen. The inheritance they received was personally prepared by Qishen. Some martial arts, secret techniques, treasures, and divine bodies were all the same. The inheritance we are to receive, although it's Qishen's inheritance, is not a direct transmission. It was originally bestowed by Qishen to those Divine Generals and Envoys!"

After Dongshen Emperor explained this, Jian Wushuang got a rough understanding.

The so-called Qishen's inheritance was, in fact, a legacy created specifically for the forces under Qishen in those ancient times.

But this wasn't bad at all!

Who was Qishen?

He was a powerhouse that crushed everything, a dominant figure that made even Universe Masters shiver in fear. He felt genuinely happy for these two individuals and didn't have that sense of indebtedness anymore.

After all, catching two people in a trap, once would have been fine, but he had trapped them several times in a row.

"Speaking of which, I have to thank you, Brother Wushuang, for this. I'll toast to you for that!" Wanyan lifted his wine glass and took a sip. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Jian Wushuang was surprised. "Why is that? It has nothing to do with me; it relies on the strength of the two brothers!"

They had already started addressing each other as brothers in the joy of the moment.

"Brother Wushuang, you don't know?"

"Divine General Moyin said that the reason the original rewards were canceled this time was because of your selfless dedication, willing to give up the complete Origin Source of the Universe!" Wanyan admired Jian Wushuang with admiration in his eyes.

A complete Universe Origin Source!

To give it up just like that.

Jian Wushuang couldn't help but feel a twinge in his heart. When did he give up? It was clear that he sacrificed his own Origin Source because, from within the passage, he returned to the narrow bridge.

However, it was good that the other party could think this way.

It seemed that Divine General Moyin was quite adept at manipulating people. This significant achievement could now be attributed to him.

As the three conversed, they soon delved into discussions about Beiwang Tower.

Dongshen shrugged, "I'm not in a hurry to set out. Divine General Moyin reminded us to test our peaks at Beiwang Tower first. I plan to venture into Beiwang Tower for a while."

Beiwang Tower!

Through the window, they could directly see Beiwang Tower standing tall at the center of the city, the brilliant Universe Master treasure.

A vast and mighty power emanated from it.

"Dongshen, with your current strength, you might be able to break through to the 60th floor once you enter!"

Sixty floors were comparable to the supreme-peak!

Jian Wushuang found it somewhat unbelievable. Since these two left Demon Sound Mountain, their tone had become much more assertive.

Considering the time that had elapsed since Dongshen's breakthrough, even if the two had secluded themselves for a million years after he left, it was impossible for them to improve so much!

Could it be?

Jian Wushuang thought of something.

Temporal Treasure!

Perhaps these two obtained a special Eternal Treasure, giving them such confidence.

Dongshen humbly said, "60 floors are a bit challenging. With my current combat power, reaching the 56th floor would be satisfactory. But Wanyan, I'm afraid breaking through 50 floors won't be a problem for you!"

Breaking through 50 floors as a tier 5 Emperor represented the level of a tier 6 Emperor, which was already quite impressive.

Beiwang Tower, unlike Demon Sound Mountain and other places, relied entirely on strength to ascend.

Grand Yan Immortals reached the 10th level.

Dao Lords progressed from the 10th level to the 20th.

Tier 3 Emperors, from the 20th to the 30th level.

Tier 4 Emperors, from the 30th to 40th.

Tier 5 Emperors, from the 40th to 50th.

Tier 6 Emperors, from the 50th to 60th.

At the supreme-peak, from the 60th to 70th.

There were no recorded levels beyond the 70th floor.

It was estimated to be the Universe Master.

Wanyan lowered his voice and said slowly, "Old Friend Wushuang, do you know at which level Divine General Moyin reached?"

"The 70th level?" Jian Wushuang guessed.

The strength of Divine General Moyin was formidable, giving him the impression that it was much stronger than Lord Yun Zhong. He should be able to reach the 70th level, representing the pinnacle of the supreme-peak.

Wanyan shook his head, indicating that Jian Wushuang had guessed wrong.

Originally, he wanted to create some suspense, but unexpectedly, at this moment, Dongshen interjected, "The Demon Sound Divine General has reached the 74th level. In the history of Beiwang Tower, there is even a legendary figure who reached the 86th level!"

After the shock subsided, Jian Wushuang thought of who that legendary figure might be!

However, with this information, it became clear that reaching the 70th level did not correspond to Universe Master cultivation. Otherwise, reaching the 86th level would be too outrageous.

"Speaking of it, I truly envy the Ultimate Dao! The later stages reflect the immense power of the Ultimate Dao even more!"

Wanyan also added, "If one passes all of the Beiwang Tower's 99th level, they would have the strength of the three Divine Masters to pass all. Surpassing the 80th level reaches the level of the Universe Master. A supreme-peak being breaking through to the 86th level is simply unimaginable, just like Old Friend Wushuang, who defies the heavens as a Dao Lord!"