Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 552: Overwhelming Superiority In Strength!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Jian Wushuang, go to hell!”

Emperor Golden Snake muttered softly. Following this, he slashed down fiercely with the black scimitar that he had raised high above him.

Abruptly, darkness fell.

Only a brilliant steak of black blade light remained that lit up the area.

In that instant, the light from the scimitar became a focal point.

“So many people in the world want to kill me, you’re not qualified to be one of them!”

Jian Wushuang’s cold voice reverberated through the Bloodshed Valley. In the next moment, he drew out his sword.

Without a sound, its sword shadow moved forward with destructive power.

It was even more dazzling than the black blade light.

The fourth move of Heart-killing Sword Technique, Sheer Shadow!

This was a powerful Sword Skill displayed through Heart-killing Sword. While Jian Wushuang hadn’t brought the Heart-killing Sword’s power into full play, this move shocked the spectators.

Outside the Restriction, Divine Generals, Divine Emperors and Temple Masters held their breaths as they looked on in anticipation.

All eyes were fixed on the events unfolding on the battlefield.

They witnessed the two terrible forces collide in the Bloodshed Valley.

Unexpectedly, there was no fierce collision or deafening roar.

The winner had been determined as soon as the two forces collided.

Everyone present, including the Divine Emperors and Temple Masters, were wide-eyed as they looked on in disbelief.

“How could this be?” A Divine Emperor roared.

“Impossible!” Temple Master Pure Moon exclaimed with eyes filled with amazement.

“The boy...” even Temple Master Golden Mountain, who had thus far maintained a calm and expressionless facade, looked visibly stunned.

When the two forces collided, the dark blade light from Emperor Golden Snake had been totally destroyed by Jian Wushuang’s sword shadow. It had stood no chance against Jian Wushuang’s attack.

After the sword shadow had crushed the blade light, it had continued its charge towards Emperor Golden Snake and struck him heavily. The impact had thrown him against a mountain at the edge of Bloodshed Valley.

Bang!

Emperor Golden Snake rammed into the stone wall, leaving a crater-like depression where he landed.

Silence descended.

Not a sound could be heard.

Outside the Restriction, experts watching the fight were stunned. They couldn’t believe what they had seen.

It was amazing that a Saint Realm had forced a Divine Emperor to display his trump card.

All of them had thought that Jian Wushuang would die when Emperor Golden Snake displayed his ultimate move.

The sovereigns’ eyes had been filled with pity when they looked at Jian Wushuang.

But now?

Did he die?

No!

Instead of being killed, he had completely overpowered Emperor Golden Snake in the head-on fight!

Right, Golden Snake had been completely overpowered.

Emperor Golden Snake was far weaker than Jian Wushuang in offensive power.

“Incredible!”

“A Saint Realm defeated a Divine Emperor. I don’t know what to say.”

“Who said that Jian Wushuang would die?”

Speechless, the Divine Emperors exchange shocked glances.

What they had seen exceeded their expectations. They had never heard that a Saint Realm could be so strong.

In fact, only Jian Wushuang himself was unsurprised.

“Power of Dao is far above the Origin. After mastering Bone Fusion Technique’s Level Nine, my physical strength alone is almost strong as that of Second-grade Divine Generals. Besides, I have Sword Soul Power. All these make me that powerful!”

“Besides that, I also displayed the fourth move of Heart-killing Sword Technique with Heart-killing Sword.”

“And Asura Secret Skill, the Realm and Bridge of Helplessness!”

“How could Emperor Golden Snake withstand all these moves!”

“Except for power of Dao, I’m stronger than Golden Snake in other aspects. It would have been shocking to lose to him!”

Jian Wushuang had absolute confidence in his strength!

A month ago, he would not have been confident to defeat Emperor Golden Snake. Since then, his strength had skyrocketed. He was now even stronger than a normal Divine Emperor in offensive power.

Right at this moment...

Brattling~~~ In the crater, a figure rose.

Though he was embarrassed, Emperor Golden Snake’s aura was still as strong as before.

“Em?” Jian Wushuang looked at Emperor Golden Snake in surprise.

Emperor Golden Snake had been hit by his Sword Essence power. Even if he had a strong body, it was impossible that he wasn’t hurt at all.

“This guy.” Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes.

Outside the Restriction, Divine Emperors reacted in surprise.

“How could Golden Snake not get hurt after being hit like that?”

“It’s Dao.” Emperor Fengxiao said gravely.

All eyes turned to Emperor Fengxiao.

Emperor Fengxiao said grimly, “Phantom, it’s Phantom Dao. It’s formed from Saber Principle. Though not pure, it’s rare!”

“I hadn’t expected that he had comprehended Gale Saber Principle and Phantom Saber Principle at the same time!”

“Two Dao at the same time, and he is much better at Phantom Saber Principle. Just now, he dodged Jian Wushuang’s sword shadow using Phantom Saber Principle. That’s why he didn’t get hurt.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“This guy.” Emperor Fengxiao’s face fell.

Hearing Emperor Fengxiao’s words, the Divine Emperors were shocked.

“Did he comprehend two Dao?”

“This Emperor Golden Snake?”

“Emperor Golden Snake is secretive!”