Chapter 5517  Heart Power

In the Elder Palace, many powerful individuals, including numerous tier 6 Emperors and even a supreme-peak expert, coincidentally received a message.

Among them were also some elders of the Elder Palace.

One deeply concealed supreme-peak figure couldn't hide his astonishment, revealing a formidable appearance.

He fixed his gaze on Jian Wushuang and harbored murderous intent. "Jian Wushuang, it's you again!"

On the Demon Sound Mountain, Jian Wushuang walked out alone.

Originally, he wanted to inform Zhen Ling, but the latter paid him no attention.

He couldn't directly inform Divine General Moyin either.

"I have to act quickly!" Jian Wushuang's eyes flickered.

The other party must have sensed him.

The giant egg, similar to the one birthing Shen Ling, might be known to Shen Ling himself.

 Perhaps it was a mechanism set up by Shen Ling.

He had to be cautious.

Fuego might be involved as well, and if that was the case, there was no need to follow the original plan.

10,000 years!

There was still 10,000 years left.

Jian Wushuang silently prayed for peace within this period.

If Shen Ling orchestrated this, it would likely provoke the Elder Palace, leading to an imminent great battle.

Without absolute certainty, Shen Ling wouldn't take risks.

With his methods, they could infiltrate anywhere.

Undoubtedly, there were quite a few powerful individuals implanted Shen Ling within the Elder Palace, especially among the Emperors who entered later.

Among them, there were undoubtedly many from the Shadow Sect.

Is there a conspiracy in the dark?

Leaving Demon Sound Mountain, Jian Wushuang didn't know where to go next.

Now, Wu Zuo is still in the Earth Realm, and he has already made contact with the other party, but there has been no response.

Yangyuan Island, he dare not go there again.

Fenyang Island!

He returned to his cave mansion, sitting restlessly.

Unstable state of mind!

This feeling makes Jian Wushuang very uncomfortable.

After sitting quietly for a while, he directly left the cave mansion.

He flew towards the deep valley on the island.

That valley can quickly heal the Origin Source and divine body, and can also calm the state of mind.

There must be something special about it, very likely related to the power of All Things.

He happened to explore the truth, maybe there would be unexpected gains.

Outside the valley.

The Emperor who intercepted him last time, upon seeing him, immediately revealed a smile.

Jian Wushuang ignored him and directly handed over 100 million cubic godstones.

Now, his name has spread throughout the Elder Palace, and his status has risen with it.

Who would dare to look down on him?

The Emperor who had intercepted him before didn't even dare to accept his godstones.

Jian Wushuang couldn't be bothered with such people.

But he wouldn't show a good face either.

"What? Look down on my godstones?" Jian Wushuang said with a cold face, angrily. "Take them if you want, otherwise, it's a lack of respect!"

The old Emperor was fearful, directly putting the godstones into his bag, then he opened the formation.

Hmph!

Jian Wushuang flicked his sleeves and stepped directly into the mountain valley.

Inside the valley, a massive stone monument stood tall!

"Cloud Mist Mountain!" Jian Wushuang glanced around, and a sense of calmness emerged in his heart.

In that monument, he felt the long-lost Heart power.

There must be something special inside.

A lifeless object containing Heart power was too strange.

"A lifeless object actually contains Heart power?" Jian Wushuang frowned, speculating in his mind, "Could there be life here too?"

Otherwise, how could there be Heart power?

Once bitten by a snake, ten years afraid of a well rope. Now, he felt that everything he saw hid something within.

Under the tombstone, rolling heat emanated.

It was a natural hot spring.

Jian Wushuang descended slowly, where men and women were either sitting together or monopolizing an entire spring on their own.

There were dozens of springs here.

However, due to the appearance of Beiwang Tower, most of the time, thousands of people came here to recover their divine bodies and Origin Sources.

With so few springs, it wasn't easy to monopolize one.

Not only did it require formidable strength, but also a high status.

In the Elder Palace.

The highest status naturally belonged to the elders.

Then came the Inheritors, and lastly, the Emperors of the Four Great Secret Realms.

Some Emperors who monopolized a spring were all tier 6 Emperors, and each held a high position in the Elder Palace.

Either they were a Deputy Hall Master or a big shot controlling important areas.

Strong in power, high in status.

Naturally, no one dared to say anything. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Jian Wushuang glanced at the turbid spring, finding it hard to step down.

Especially those crowded springs, he felt embarrassed to go down.

After wandering for a while, he didn't discover anything miraculous.

He decided to enter one of the springs.

Especially the one near the stone monument.

That spring was the largest there, and it had a rich power of All Things, perfect for restoring the Origin Source of the divine body.

However, those springs were all occupied by some powerful Emperors.

But the current Jian Wushuang no longer cared about that.

It wasn't because he was too extraordinary in Beiwang Tower, so he acted arrogantly.

It was more like he would probably leave in a few thousand years.

Offending people now or later didn't make much difference to him.

He just didn't believe that anyone would dare to attack him here.

At most, there might be some verbal threats.

But with his current reputation, ordinary people wouldn't dare to threaten him.

Even the three Palace Masters would have to give him some face.

"Hmm?"

After Jian Wushuang arrived, many people looked over.

The big shots in several core springs also glanced at him.

"Hall Master, it's Jian Wushuang! I heard that Gong Miaoyi has a thing for him!"

Sitting in the core spring was a tier 6 peak Emperor, also a core member of the Elder Palace.

Not only was he of high seniority, but he was also one of the two Deputy Hall Masters of the Enforcement Hall.

Considered a capable lieutenant under Wu Zuo's command.

"Don't spread rumors; it's not good for anyone!" The powerful figure sitting in the spring, bare-chested with red eyebrows and hair, like a plague god, warned.

The charming woman beside him continued, "Hall Master Zhong, Jian Wushuang has an excellent relationship with Lord Wu Zuo. Shouldn't we try to win him over?"

"Sure, let's give you to him then!"

...

Jian Wushuang's toes lightly moved, and he directly reached the core.

His suspended figure wasn't too high, standing directly above those big shots' heads, which was quite disrespectful.

He didn't care.

At a distance, he couldn't see the peculiarity of this place.

The closer he got, the stronger the feeling the stone monument gave him.

His state of mind was not stable but wavering.

Even though he was at the fifth level of Heart Power, just a tiny step away from perfection, he surprisingly couldn't resist.

"What exactly is this thing?" Jian Wushuang became increasingly puzzled.

Unfortunately, he couldn't enter the stone monument.

It was repelled by the power of rules.

He could only step back again, retreat to the grassy area, and from a distance, he could calm his state of mind.

As he landed on the ground, a charming woman also followed him.