Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5518  Waiting Anxiously

"Your Highness Wushuang, our Hall Master invites you to join him for tea. Are you interested?" The enchanting woman's eyes were fixed on Jian Wushuang.

How mesmerizing!

Jian Wushuang shook his head inwardly; seduction had no effect in this place!

It was even less effective on him. He lacked even this bit of composure, a kind of wasted effort.

"Please!" Seeing Jian Wushuang stand up, the enchanting woman reached out to lead him.

This time, he certainly wasn't here for tea.

Unable to contact Wu Zuo at the moment, he intended to inquire from the other party and find out what Wu Zuo was up to.

Following the enchanting woman, he arrived at the most central spring.

The water surface there was calm, with wisps of mist lingering, and the contained power was thick.

Jian Wushuang truly wanted to dig three feet into the ground and see what was hidden here, and why it was so special.

Now he was curious about everything, as if he wanted to explore and understand everything.

He didn't know if it was good or bad.

"Deputy Hall Master Zhong!" Jian Wushuang saw the other party and was also polite, after all, he was asking for a favor.

The other's face was hideously terrifying. The Hall of Enforcement in the Northern Territory could make so many people dread; it probably had a lot to do with this plague god.

Wu Zuo was the enforcer, and this person in front of him was probably the executor.

A violent aura rushed over, and the other's strength was only strong, not weak, compared to the Deputy Hall Master of the Longevity Hall.

"Yanqing, serve tea!" Deputy Hall Master Zhong stared at Jian Wushuang, his expression unchanged.

Jian Wushuang took the teacup and said, "Thank you!"

The enchanting woman named Yanqing, however, had a smile in her eyes.

"Jian Wushuang, with such fame, you remain humble and composed. No wonder you're among the top Inheritors in the Qishen Temple. You're much more likable than Shang!" Jian Wushuang didn't expect the other party, looking fierce and ominous, to start by praising him.

However, compared to Shang, he still had a long way to go.

He lagged behind a lot in the initial stages.

He didn't dare to boast, and if Shang were to hear such words, it wouldn't be good. He quickly responded, "I am just a Dao Lord, how can I compare with Senior Shang!"

His current strongest means were only the battle strength of a tier 6 Emperor.

Shang, on the other hand, was a super powerhouse who could compete with Fuego.

"You're not inferior to him. He is an Ultimate Emperor, but you are different. You are an Ultimate Dao Lord cultivated by the Qishen Temple. Once you successfully integrate your Dao, you can quickly surpass him," said Hall Master Zhong, shaking his head.

In his eyes, Jian Wushuang's potential, once he successfully integrated his path, could at least reach the level of a Divine General.

As for becoming the Universe Master, no one dared to be certain.

In the past, under the command of Qishen, how many changes occurred among the 18 Divine Generals? There were not many who could become Universe Masters; most perished while attempting to break through.

Even figures like Emperor Jueyun did not escape that calamity.

Becoming a Divine General was already commendable.

If a Universe Master doesn't challenge a Divine General, they would essentially be invincible.

Characters like Divine General Moyin, even if the three Palace Masters of the Elders Palace were combined, might not necessarily be a match.

The disparity in strength was significant.

Hall Master Zhong continued, "I've actually seen your information long ago; young man, don't be hasty!"

In these words, there was also an implication for Jian Wushuang to let go of his grip on the Origin Source of All Things.

Jian Wushuang shook his head inwardly; he had no interest in the Origin Source of All Things now.

He wouldn't take it even if it were given to him.

"Hall Master Zhong, I wonder where Lord Wu Zuo has been lately. I have some matters to discuss with him, but I suddenly can't contact him!" Jian Wushuang changed the topic and inquired about Wu Zuo.

Hall Master Zhong frowned slightly; he thought Jian Wushuang was seeking Wu Zuo's help to demand the Origin Source of All Things, and his expression changed.

"Brother Wu Zuo handles many affairs daily; he might be involved in important matters. I also don't know his whereabouts!"

It wasn't deliberate concealment; Wu Zuo sometimes disappeared for a period, and Master Zhong didn't know where he went. As for the method of contact, he had it, but he wouldn't assist Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang nodded, then chatted with him about some things related to this place, benefiting greatly from the conversation.

"Indeed, this place is related to the All Things!" Jian Wushuang's gaze turned to the stone stele.

It was a boundary stele, and it was a Universe Treasure.

Inside, it also contained a strand of the Universe Origin Source.

However, no one was clear about the Origin source it contained. No one knew what Dao it it belonged exclusively to.

Jian Wushuang did not stay in this place for long and directly left the valley.

10,000 years!

Jian Wushuang was like an ant on a hot pan.

Unable to leave, staying put brought anxiety and fear.

He decided to let his main body go to the central hall of Qiuhuang, while his clone went to seclude himself in the cave mansion.

On one hand, he awaited the return of Wu Zuo or any unforeseen circumstances, so he could escape directly.

Fortunately, nothing strange had happened in these years.

Beiwang Tower was as bustling as ever, attracting many Ultimate Dao Lords due to his feat.

Among these Dao Lords, there were also many powerful individuals. One of them, an Ultimate Dao Lord, had already reached the eighth level of the Ultimate Dao, making him the strongest Dao Lord on the Grave God Mountain.

Inside the Beiwang Tower, he directly broke through the 20th level, reaching a level comparable to a tier 4 peak-level Emperor.

This was within the normal range, still a considerable gap from Jian Wushuang.

Although there was a significant difference between the eighth and ninth levels of the Ultimate Dao, it wasn't to the extent of being absurd.

Now, many people were starting to suspect that Jian Wushuang might have acquired some kind of secret treasure that allowed a sudden surge in his strength. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Among the Ultimate Dao Lords on the Grave God Mountain, there were Inheritors who reached the completion stage of the ninth level, but they simply didn't have the time to come to the Beiwang Tower in the Elder Palace.

Those figures were only on par with tier 5 Emperors.

The gap to tier 6 was still considerable.

Many people speculated.

However, Jian Wushuang didn't give the other party a chance to verify, remaining secluded in the secret chamber of the central hall, practicing alone.

He had already told Qiuhuang that as soon as Wu Zuo returned, he would immediately notify him.

At this time, he didn't dare to go to the Earth Realm to find Wu Zuo.

Going out now might likely lead to his silence.

Jian Wushuang was ready to abandon the plan he had personally set.

It was like digging a pit.

If the giant egg was a means arranged by Shen Ling, it might abandon him and silence him directly.

He didn't dare to take that risk.

He would discuss it with the other party when Wu Zuo returned.

Now, he regretted it.

In the blink of an eye, thousands of years passed, and everything remained as usual.

Jian Wushuang finally breathed a sigh of relief.

At this moment, Wu Zuo, who had disappeared from the Earth Realm, also returned.

Jian Wushuang was already waiting for him as soon as he teleported back.

"Brother Wu Zuo!" Jian Wushuang hurriedly approached; he had been waiting for him anxiously.

Finally, he waited for the other party to return.

Seeing Jian Wushuang, Wu Zuo was somewhat surprised and sensed that Jian Wushuang had something to say.

This place had too many prying eyes; it wasn't the time to discuss matters.

"Let's talk when we go back!"

"Alright!" Jian Wushuang nodded, and the two of them did not go to Yuanyang Island.

Instead, they went directly to the small island where the Enforcement Hall was located.

Entering the central hall directly, followed by setting up a barrier, Jian Wushuang finally breathed a sigh of relief.