Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5539  Ancient Desolate Dragon

If not for the guidance of Zhen Ling, this process would have been very lengthy.

Jian Wushuang was no exception.

Without the appearance of Qishen Temple, there wouldn't have been the skeletal army, and without mastering Heart power, accidentally entering the starry sky and subsequently grasping the Extreme Dao wouldn't have happened.

It was a Great Dao explored from within Heart power.

Under normal circumstances, even if handed to you, you wouldn't be able to cultivate it.

In this, there were external factors, personal efforts, but more importantly, someone was pushing everything forward.

Pushing an immature temporal river to its peak.

It could be considered as forcing the seedlings to grow.

In Qishen Temple, after reaching the supreme-peak, there was nowhere else to go. Even in the outside world, there were very few at the supreme-peak, and the transmission of inheritance and opportunities were quite ordinary.

This would cause them, after reaching that level, to lack a sense of crisis, and subsequently stagnate.

Whether this was good or bad remained uncertain.

Jian Wushuang's thoughts stirred, and he seemed to have made some preparations for the future.

At present, planning remained the core.

Mastering the matters of Qishen Temple was still distant.

Beside him, Gong Miaoyi noticed Jian Wushuang's distraction and asked, "Are we leaving directly?"

Gong Miaoyi turned her head to glance at those wandering Dao Lords.

Jian Wushuang nodded and said, "I never kill the weak. Don't forget, this is the Deep Wilderness. Even if they can survive and get out, it will probably take tens of thousands of years. The core of Qingniao Hall has been destroyed, and without the protection of Qingniao Hall, surviving is already fortunate for them!"

But as his words fell, in the distant sky, a huge black dragon suddenly appeared, charging towards their location without any regard.

Compared to Qingniao Hall, the dragon was like a grain of sand, disappearing instantly.

"An ancient desolate beast?" Jian Wushuang frowned.

They shouldn't be so unlucky!

First, Qingniao Hall encountered problems, and then they ran into this level of ancient desolate beast.

In places in the Heavenly Realm without cultivators, it is considered desolate.

It was truly desolate. The remaining desolate beasts are very few, especially powerful ones.

Like this ancient desolate dragon, with the strength of a tier 6 Emperor, they were even rarer.

Once they appear, it's likely to quickly attract a large number of powerhouses for siege.

This is a feast of gluttony. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

A head of an ancient desolate dragon is probably worth 10,000 universe crystals.

It's still a matured Great Mahayana Body dragon.

If it were usual, Jian Wushuang would feel like he was chosen by fate, able to encounter such a genius treasure in the great desolation.

But now is different.

He's being hunted, and he doesn't have time to enjoy this.

"Its target is us!" Gong Miaoyi's brows furrowed slightly. Her strength is only at the tier 5 peak-level.

If it were a tier 6 Emperor from the Four Great Secret Realms, she could still contend.

But this ancient desolate dragon in front of them not only surpasses the cultivators of the Four Great Secret Realms but is even stronger than some tier 6 Emperors among the Inheritors.

According to the strength classification of Beiwang Tower, this dragon probably already has the peak strength of tier 6.

It was similar to Jian Wushuang's current strength.

Once entangled, it's probably very difficult to break free.

But if they want to leave, it's not that easy either.

"Since we've encountered it, let's kill it!" Jian Wushuang revealed a hint of killing intent.

Sword Qi instantly descended, and that absorbed aura burst forth instantly.

The ancient desolate dragon roared to the sky, circling in the air, blocking out the sun.

"You, a petty Dao Lord, dare to act so recklessly in front of me!" The ancient desolate dragon spat out words, its huge eyes staring at Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang sneered, "Just a beast, do you really think I can't kill you?"

The Jueyun Sword was drawn in an instant; he didn't want to waste time—fight if he could, retreat if he couldn't.

The sudden appearance of the ancient desolate dragon was unexpected, and the fact that it recognized Jian Wushuang as a Dao Lord made it even more peculiar.

Although he voluntarily leaked his aura, the sharp Sword Intent rivaled that of a tier 6 Emperor. Surprisingly, the opponent showed no astonishment.

There was probably some conspiracy at play here.

However, Wu Zuo had yet to relay any information to him. He had no idea who was scheming behind the scenes.

Perhaps it was a deity or another strong figure from the Enforcement Hall.

But if the Enforcement Hall discovered him, Wuzuo would surely know.

Jian Wushuang, wielding the Jueyun Sword, took a step forward and was already beside the ancient desolate behemoth.

"Die!"

He didn't hold back at all, and the first strike he unleashed was 'Annihilation'.

The sword pierced through the body of the ancient desolate dragon. Its size was immense, and its speed was slow—no chance to evade.

But then Jian Wushuang was stunned. He only knew that the strength of desolate beasts was formidable, but he was unclear about the specific aspects.

Now he understood.

His most powerful strike only managed to break some of the opponent's soft armor, not even causing minor injuries.

The terrifying defensive power was probably on par with a supreme physique, and the divine body could rival an Emperor with 60,000-fold.

"You!!!"

Feeling the injuries on its body, the ancient desolate dragon roared to the sky, shouting angrily, "You actually managed to break my scales; you deserve to die!"

A pitch-black mist spewed from its mouth, plunging the already dim sky into complete darkness.

In the darkness, the dragon moved, and its claws unexpectedly reached out towards Jian Wushuang.

The sharpness of its claws made Jian Wushuang's heart race.

In a moment of trance, he was reminded of Si Tian's claw technique.

Then, a great joy welled up within him!

This dragon had a connection with the Candle Dragon.

It was the power of bloodline.

This ancient dragon must have the bloodline of the Candle Dragon, with some innate inheritance within that inheritance being the Candle Dragon's claw technique.

Originally feeling quite tricky, prepared to give up the fight with this dragon, it would be better to leave directly. With his speed, he could soon escape.

But now, it was unnecessary.

Having a bloodline connection with the Beast God Candle Dragon, if he could slay it, using the essence and flesh on its body might be able to restore the Candle Dragon weapon.

Thinking of this, in order to provoke the opponent, Jian Wushuang exposed the Candle Dragon weapon on his body, which had lost its power.

Buzz!

The Candle Dragon Wings suddenly shook, directly dispelling the black mist.

Then, with a shake of his wings, he instantly appeared next to Gong Miao, lifting her up in his arms.

At this level of battle, she couldn't intervene anymore.

"You leave first, leave this to me!" Jian Wushuang put down Gong Miao and handed her a token, saying, "Head north with it. I'll catch up with you soon!"

Gong Miao, not indecisive, nodded and said, "Be careful!"

Then she quickly left the area.

The ancient dragon emerged its massive head from the black mist, billowing black fog from its rugged nostrils, staring fixedly at the Candle Dragon Wings on Jian Wushuang's body.

Jian Wushuang also noticed the opponent's gaze, and then the Candle Dragon Armor on him lit up.

"I also have this!" Jian Wushuang shouted angrily.