Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5554: Don’t Do Anything, We’re on the Same Side!

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation  Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

In the vast expanse of the Original Universe and the river of time and space, there was no Universe Master in sight. It was simply not the place for them to enhance their strength.

If it weren’t for the appearance of Qishen Temple, their river of time and space, spanning billions of epochs, would hardly have reached the level of the ancient Moro Temporal Space.

Even at the level of Moro Temporal Space, they would likely fall due to its immense strength.

The cosmos, time and space, and the Starry Sky.

Jian Wushuang harbored a greater yearning for the Starry Sky.

Because the river of time and space left only such an impression on him.

Although he had seen many rivers of time and space in the Starry Sky initially, some of them were formidable, serving as the lifeblood of the cosmos, but ultimately, they were just lines.

The Starry Sky was the true carrier.

Compared to all this, matters like Fuego, Wu Zuo, and plans became irrelevant.

Jian Wushuang carefully absorbed Nie Yuan’s Origin Source into his body, finally exhaling in relief.

The greatest gain this time wasn’t attracting the attention of Shen Ling but the information about the Starry Sky.

Unfortunately, he couldn’t find any information about the Starry Sky from Nie Yuan’s Origin Source. Still, he could sense a strong Sword Intent from the Origin Source Dao. Unlike his Ultimate Sword Dao, Nie Yuan’s Sword Dao was more refined.

Perhaps it was because Nie Yuan had also reached perfection in the Sword Dao, or maybe it was because his Sword Dao originated from the Starry Sky.

Jian Wushuang believed more in the latter—that it came from the Starry Sky. He had confidence in his own Sword Dao.

Merely relying on going against the heavens couldn’t compare to his Sword Dao.

At the pinnacle of the eighth level of the Ultimate Sword Dao, among all the Ultimate Dao Lords, none could compare to him.

This was a demonstration of strength.

And confidence.

His mastery of the Ultimate Sword Dao was a series of immense opportunities with each step.

Now, he was just one step away.

As long as he reached perfection, he could perform the Dao Merge. Once he became an Emperor, his power could skyrocket rapidly. At that point, he could directly rival the supreme-peak, even stepping into it the realm of supreme-peak for a short period.

Regarding the pinnacle technique of the power of Life, he had already perfected it preliminarily, reaching the level of Minor Mahayana.

After achieving perfection in the Sword Dao, combining it, he could reach a greater realm, breaking through and directly challenging the profound arts.

As for the path of spatial realms, it was too slow.

Before becoming an Emperor, reaching the realm of black holes was considered good enough. After becoming an Emperor, there would be some improvement in his understanding of space, but not a significant leap in spatial realms.

Relying on realms to reach the supreme-peak was unlikely.

The evolution of space into the universe was already a half-step into becoming the Universe Master.

Currently, there was only one person who had simultaneously reached the supreme-peak in both secret techniques and realms, and that was Shang.

Out of the numerous Inheritors, only one had reached this level.

Apart from the Inheritors, Wu Zuo was also at this level.

As for those puppet Hall Masters, it was unknown.

Jian Wushuang left Gong Miaoyi aside, paying no attention to her.

This time, her survival depended entirely on fate.

He had to take the initiative now.

The strong from the Elder Palace kept coming, and those arranged by Shen Ling were quickly defeated.

Now he had to plead with these people to take him away.

Since Shen Ling arranged it this way, there must be a way out.

Outside the cave, a group of Emperors surrounded Jian Wushuang, not daring to approach, because the supreme-peak expert who had just entered had fallen, and even the Space Fire Abyssal Mountain was split in half.

No one knew how powerful Jian Wushuang really was.

“Don’t be afraid, we’re on the same side!” Jian Wushuang took out a token, and the Emperors breathed a sigh of relief when they saw it.

The token was actually fake; originally, he had a real one, but it was destroyed when he fell into the Second Prison.

But pulling it out to deceive these people was enough; they were here for him, and even without the token, they would take him away.

“Jian Wushuang, you better not play tricks!” The leading tier 6 Emperor cautiously watched Jian Wushuang.

Obviously, these people were scared by the sword strike just now.

Not only them, but everyone present was also frightened.

Even Wu Zuo kept communicating with him, asking what had happened, and how the Space Fire Abyssal Mountain could be split in half.

Zhen Ling in the Origin Source Sea were staring with wide eyes, holding a string of light green beads in their hands, constantly fiddling with them.

“That power comes from the Starry Sky!” Zhen Ling was extremely shocked. Originally, he thought that among the Inheritors, someone extraordinary related to the Starry Sky would appear. Now it seemed that the Qishen Temple was no longer safe.

This strengthened his determination to run away.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Once he got rid of Fuego, he would expedite the growth of the Inheritor, forcibly produce a Universe Master, solve that True Master, understand cause and effect, and then take the Qishen Temple to other dimensions.

In this yet-to-mature spacetime, the concealed secrets were too numerous to linger.

Just from the Starry Sky alone, two visitors had already appeared.

Jian Wushuang was one, and Nie Yuan was another, both practitioners of the Sword Dao!

This reminded him of the former Emperor Jueyun.

Could there be some kind of connection between them, or was it just a coincidence that both were sword cultivators and exceptionally outstanding?

Jian Wushuang and Emperor Jueyun, no need to mention them—they represented the pinnacle of Dao Lord and Emperor, respectively.

As for Nie Yuan, what was his connection to the Starry Sky?

Others, looking at Nie Yuan, might be surprised that a native Emperor could be so powerful, with impressive potential.

However, in the eyes of Zhen Ling, Nie Yuan’s strength and potential were only average, with only the final sword strike causing some unease.

He vividly remembered that sword strike, emerging from the end of time, tearing through spacetime, and descending into the Qishen Temple.

The Qishen Temple, a Temporal Treasure, couldn’t resist it. It was like a thatched hut; the golden light entered as it pleased, rendering him powerless to resist.

The last time it happened was when he inspected Jian Wushuang’s timeline, stared at by the vast eyes of the Starry Sky. This time, it was the golden sword summoned by Nie Yuan that brought him here.

The things that could endanger him were increasing, and he felt weary.

In the mortal realm, there was still the threat of Hu Qing.

What he valued most was, in fact, Hu Qing, but it turned out to be nurturing trouble.

Later, he set his eyes on Jian Wushuang, only to end up with disappointment. He turned out to be a mere pawn.

Once betrayed in the past, he chose to overlook it all because everything was within his control, considering it a form of forgiveness.

However, due to the connection with the Starry Sky, Jian Wushuang was removed from the list of Inheritors.

Now, there were only a few individuals catching his eye.

And they were all lingering around the Dao Lord level.

They were different from Jian Wushuang; he was on the verge of integrating the Dao, while those individuals still had a long way to go before achieving the same.

Among the first batch of Inheritors, the Ultimate Dao practitioner of the Light Dao was like this. The Origin Source Dao had been perfected, but there was a significant gap in both cultivation realm and soul power.

Zhen Ling took over the Three Kings Court, dissecting the Soul Dao Inheritors inside and offering specialized insights, but even this wasn’t enough.

Each had its own flaws.

There wasn’t a truly perfect Inheritor, someone who could relieve him of any pressure.