Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5570: Gu Jun

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation  Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

This is troublesome.

In case the spatial rift reappears, Gu Jun can arrive here at any time.

“However, there were several conflicts before, and no spatial anomalies occurred. It was strange when I escaped that time. The battle wasn’t the most intense. Gu Jun killed two experts at the Fourth Tribulations realm, and the rift suddenly appeared!” Zhuang Zhong was also puzzled.

When Gu Jun appeared and fought with several experts at the Fifth Tribulations realm, no rift appeared. Instead, when he killed experts at the Fourth Tribulations realm, a spatial rift emerged.

Perhaps this had nothing to do with the battles. It’s likely there was an issue with Purgatory.

Zhen Ling also thought of this possibility.

If indeed there was a problem with Purgatory, things would be serious.

Fortunately, Gu Jun’s devouring speed was not very fast. He had only devoured several experts at the Third Tribulations and Fourth Tribulations realms and was still digesting his gains.

He had plenty of time left.

Gu Jun was a manifestation of the Devouring Origin Source. The more powerful individuals he devoured, the stronger he became.

Now he could rival Huang, indicating that he had reached the pinnacle of the Sixth Tribulation realm.

If he devoured all the Tribulation realm experts in Purgatory, he might even reach the Half-Step Seventh Tribulations realm.

By then, emerging through the rift again, Qishen Temple would be in real trouble.

The Fifth Tribulation realm could still be suppressed, but dealing with the Sixth Tribulation realm would require setting up numerous contingencies. Facing a Half-Step Seventh Tribulation realm expert…L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

The consequences were unimaginable.

The pressure instantly descended upon Zhen Ling.

“Damn it, why did I have to leave behind so much trouble back then!” Zhen Ling was deeply regretful.

In the beginning, Qishen should have just slaughtered all these people.

Now, he was left to deal with a mess. As a True Sprit, he couldn’t leave. Within the Qishen Temple, there were forces at the pinnacle of the Fifth Tribulation realm.

Dealing with those at the Sixth Tribulation realm required mobilizing the Origin Source Sea. As for those at the Half-Step Seventh Tribulation realm, he had no way at all.

He could only hope for the might of Purgatory.

Even without anyone manipulating the Temporal Treasure, suppressing someone at the Half-Step Seventh Tribulation realm should not be difficult.

Zhen Ling comforted himself, then inquired about various situations inside Purgatory before slowly closing his eyes.

The cultivation of the Inheritors had to be accelerated.

They couldn’t afford to procrastinate any longer.

In recent years, several Ultimate Emperors had emerged. Once these youngsters reached tier 6 Emperor stage, there wouldn’t be much suitable training within the Four Great Secret Realms. It was necessary to send these promising Ultimate Emperors to other powerful dimensions for training.

The spacetime river where the original universe was located had fewer powerful beings than the experts within the Four Great Secret Realms. Naturally, that wasn’t enough, so they had to be sent to other formidable dimensions.

While the clone observed the recovery of figures like Fuego and others in this location, the true body started lecturing on Grave God Mountain.

Simultaneously, he continued arranging various trials to refine those Ultimate Dao Lords.

Only a sufficient number of Ultimate Emperors could he hope to get one at the Tribulation realm.

Under his guidance, Shang was on the verge of a breakthrough.

As one succeeded, there would be more, and with this experience, they could continuously cultivate Tribulation realm experts.

Ultimate Emperors who became Tribulation realm experts became more formidable than ordinary Origin Sourth Dao Emperors breaking through.

As long as a practitioner followed the Ultimate Dao, becoming a Tribulation realm allowed rapid advancement to a Third Tribulation realm powerhouse.

Controlling a universe afterward, their cultivation speed would skyrocket, allowing them to swiftly ascend to become a Fifth Tribulation realm powerhouse.

This was the advantage of the Ultimate Dao, becoming more evident from Dao Lords and Emperors to later Tribulation realms.

Hence, Zhen Ling spared no expense to cultivate those Ultimate Dao Lords.

As for ordinary Origin Path Emperors, they were treated like cultivating foliage, just like raising fish.

Only a few Emperors with unique Origin Sources would receive special attention.

A million years were but a drop in the river of time, evaporating in an instant.

Since the opening of the Qishen Temple, millions of years had passed. Now, the participants were counted in cosmic units.

Originally confined to the Original Universe where the Qishen Temple resided, and a few surrounding universes where participants were plundered, the scope had expanded to the entire river of time.

The Qishen Temple’s influence was even greater than they had imagined.

On the Grave God Mountain and even the Elder Palace, numerous tasks were being issued, all of them being plunder missions.

Led by tier 6 Emperors, they plundered one universe after another.

As long as they were Yan Immortals, none were spared. They were seized upon sight, and the requirements for Dao Lords were extremely strict.

Sometimes, almost 90 percent of a universe’s Yan Immortals were taken, yet the number taken by Grand Yan Immortals and Dao Lords was just a fraction.

Most Yan Immortals were undeveloped, with an uncertain future. Grand Yan Immortals and Dao Lords were generally well-established. Even though the Qishen Temple was rich and powerful, they wouldn’t waste time on some waste individuals.

In the midst of the bustling activity outside, the Qishen Temple experienced intense internal competition.

Batch after batch of formidable individuals emerged, quickly surpassing the once proud tier 5 Emperors.

Among the Inheritors who were contemporaries with Jian Wushuang, some powerful Dao Lords stood out, such as Dao Lord Jiu Yu from the Tongtian Buddhist Realm.

Before entering the Qishen Temple, he was already ranked in the top 500 of the entire universe. After the trial and entering the Grave God Mountain, he reached the peak, comparable to experts like Wan Xing, who practiced Myriad Daos.

After successfully integrating the Dao and advancing to Emperor, within a million years, he cultivated to become a tier 5 Emperor. Despite occasional time acceleration during this period, perhaps equating to millions of years of cultivation, he was considered a top-tier Inheritor at the time.

However, now, despite reaching the peak of tier 5, he was surpassed by tier 6 Emperors among the subsequent Inheritors.

This led to even more fervent competition among the earlier Inheritors, who were more desperate than those who came later.

While tier 5 Emperors were still exploring the Four Great Secret Realms, tier 6 Emperors had almost all left the Qishen Temple and ventured into the river of time.

A small portion went to the Earthly Realm.

The disappearance of Shen Ling brought tranquility to the Earthly Realm, but the slaughter by Broly, the powerful Transformation Dao expert, never ceased.

Now a supreme-peak existence, he continued the search for his father’s murderer.

In the external world, a drastic transformation occurred over a million years. As for Jian Wushuang’s initial betrayal, it had long been forgotten, rarely mentioned except by those closely related to him.

In the Human Realm.

On the ruins ravaged by lightning, under the giant willow tree destroyed by the elements, Hu Qing sat cross-legged, wearing a pristine white robe despite the surrounding dust.

He did not leave the Qishen Temple with the mainstream trend but instead spent a million years meditating on this ruined site.

When he opened his eyes again, galaxies converged in the pupils, forming a starry rotation.

“Master!” Standing on the lightning-split tree, Jiang Shang was surprised to see her master open his eyes.

She thought he would cultivate here for millions of years, never expecting him to emerge so soon.

Over these years, Jiang Shang had traveled through the Four Great Secret Realms with Hu Qing, even visiting the Grave God Mountain. She witnessed much and realized the immense potential within her.

After a million years of cultivation, she became a tier 6 Emperor, fully aware that all of this was related to the Spirit of Grass and Wood within her.