Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 674: Condensing Sword Heart

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Jian Wushuang became even calmer during this crisis.

He was able to do this because of the many experiences he had while adventuring for all those years in the Ancient World.

Swish!

As his two Original Bodies merged into one, the 10 Puppet Fighters immediately rushed towards him while slashing at him from all directions.

However, he was not afraid at all. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

At that moment, everything in front of his eyes seemed to disappear, except for his sword, as if only he and the sword were the only things in the world.

“A sword is like a human being.

“It has its own feelings. Let your heart become one with it and it will follow your heart, moving as you intend it to…”

Xuan Yi’s words echoed in Jian Wushuang’s mind.

“Let your heart become one with it and it will follow your heart…” As he continually repeated this to himself, there was a gradual change in his swordsmanship.

Not only that, his Sword Soul, which had been floating quietly in the sea of consciousness this whole time, suddenly quivered violently and released a surge of power.

Jian Wushuang closed his eyes and focused on sensing it, even though he was currently being attacked by 10 Puppet Fighters.

Even during all that, he did not stop moving and he even became swifter, enabling him to slowly increase his resistance against the puppet fighters.

And, all of this was thanks to the insight into Sword Principle he gained a moment ago from the frenzied attacks raining down on him from all these Puppet Fighters.

As a result, his Sword Soul began to release an enormous power, which slowly flowed towards his Sword Heart.

It was hard to imagine, but Jian Wushuang was experiencing all these things at such a crucial moment, yet it all made sense.

He had been learning the Sword Principle for so long, even while he was still in the Ancient World, building his Sword Soul up until it reached the highest level. Also, during the last two years in the Ancient Sect, he had been cultivating at an amazing speed due to Xuan Yi’s help.

However, he had gradually reached a bottleneck.

Therefore, just as Xuan Yi had said, with so many accumulations, what he needed was a spark of insight.

That spark of insight finally surfaced on the 27th floor. On the previous floor, he had gone all out, which relaxed him. Then, on the next floor, he had been forced to endure an unbearable pressure, which put him under an incredible amount of stress.

While facing the contrast between these two feelings, he was finally able to break through the bottleneck.

It was completely natural and straightforward.

On the 27th floor, the 10 Puppet Fighters had used every method they had to attack Jian Wushuang. However, they were still repelled by him.

At that very moment, Jian Wushuang finished condensing his Sword Heart, which meant that he could finally open the door and step into the real word of Sword Principle.

Before that moment, he was still just an apprentice, even though he possessed such a strong Sword Soul, because condensing a Sword Heart was the first step everyone must take to enter that world.

As of now, Jian Wushuang had finally arrived at a vaster road of cultivation.

Back inside the Ninth Heaven Road, Jian Wushuang suddenly opened his eyes and a streak of terrifying Sword Essence swept out from him.

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish!

The Puppet Fighters were all forced backwards by this sudden release of power.

“Sword Heart!”

Jian Wushuang clenched his hands and focused on sensing of his Sword Soul, which had changed from its original form and become a dazzling light in the shape of a sword.

This golden light was incredibly sharp, giving off the feeling that there was nothing it couldn’t cut through.

“Is this light my Sword Heart?” Jian Wushuang could sense that the power from this light was much stronger than his Sword Soul.

He was so excited now that he had reached a whole new level in Sword Principle and could finally control his sword just with his heart.

“Show me your power, Sword Heart.”?Jian Wushuang was full of expectations. He moved towards a nearby Puppet Fighter and struck out.

It seemed to be a casual blow, but with the power of his Sword Heart, it moved towards its target ten times faster than before.

The Puppet Fighter spotted Jian Wushuang’s move and tried to defend itself, but the sword went through its body before it could even move its spear to defend.

Jian Wushuang then turned to other Puppet Fighters, defeating them all, one by one, so fast that they never even had a chance to fight back against him.

The 27th floor was conquered.

…

Going back several moments, to the hall in which the experts of the Ancient Sect were gathered, everyone’s sight was currently focused on Jian Wushuang. He was the only challenger that was still inside the Ninth Heaven Road. The other challengers had all failed and were sent out.

When they saw that Jian Wushuang was finally being forced into a corner, they seemed unsure whether he would be able to pass through the current floor.

“This is his limit.”?Palace Master Ming Xin snorted in secret.

Xuan Yi shook his head while watching the scene. He had the same thought.

However, in the next moment, to their surprise, Jian Wushuang closed his eyes after merging his two Original Bodies into one, yet he was still able to repel the Puppet Fighters.

Upon seeing this, they quickly understood that Jian Wushuang had gained some insight into Sword Principle.

“This boy has gained some insight in Sword Principle!”

“He received insight at such a critical moment?”

The experts were rather baffled. Then, right at that very moment, they saw Jian Wushuang open his eyes and defeat a Puppet Fighter with a single strike.

Upon seeing that strike, all the experts, including Xuan Yi, were amazed.

“Sword Heart!”