Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 676: Dumbstruck

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

At the huge Martial Arts Practice Field, many of the Ancient Sect disciples, including the 19 disciples who had come back from the Ninth Heaven Road, were still waiting. As soon as Jian Wushuang walked out of the wormhole, numerous eyes gazed straight at him.

He’s stayed in the Ninth Heaven Road for so long.

Luo Yong and Donger must have made it the farthest, but they didn’t stay in the Ninth Heaven Road as long as Jian Wushuang.

He did stay for a long time, but it doesn’t mean he made it farther in the Ninth Heaven Road.

Well see! Vice Palace Master Ling Yu will announce the result later. I’m afraid Jian Wushuang could still lose his position as an inner disciple.

The onlookers discussed unanimously.

Jian Wushuang ignored the eyes on him and walked straight towards the other 19 geniuses.

Jian Wushuang, Feng looked at him and continued to ask, How many floors did you pass through?

What about you? Jian Wushuang wasn’t in a hurry to answer the question.

I made it through the 20th floor, but was stopped at the 21st floor, Feng said.

I made it to a floor a little higher than you, Jian Wushuang said and smiled.

Oh? Then, you passed the 21st floor? Feng cast a confused look at him. Since he said hed passed through more floors, that meant Jian Wushuang must have passed through the 21st floor.

Terrific! Feng gave Jian Wushuang a thumbs-up. I thought with my improvements over the past two years that I could have caught up to you, but it seems I was too arrogant. It doesn’t matter though! I believe I can catch up to you someday.

After hearing his words, Jian Wushuangs complexion turned odd.

At this time, Vice Palace Master Ling Yu received the results for Jian Wushuang and others who entered the Ninth Heaven Road.

Now, I’m going to announce the results, Ling Yu continued, Huo Ying, the 15th floor.

Ling Yu announced the results according to the order in which the 20 disciples exited the Ninth Heaven Road. With Huo Ying being the weakest among the 20 disciples, it was only natural that he was also the first one to exit the Ninth Heaven Road, which resulted in his name being the first one announced.

When he noticed all the strange looks that focused on him, his face turned red from embarrassment and bitterness.

Zhong Ying, the 17th floor. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Yuan Hai, the 17th floor.

Xin Lan, the 17th floor.

Other than Huo Ying, who had only passed the 15th floor, the weakest one among the other disciples had passed the 17th floor of Ninth Heaven Road. But, there were only four people who were stopped after the 17th floor. Most of the others made it through the 18th or 19th floor.

Xia Feng, the 20th floor.

Jun Yi, the 21st floor.

Feng, the 20th floor.

At this point, the surrounding disciples couldn’t help looking at Feng secretly as they marveled at him unanimously.

It had only been two years since Feng joined the Ancient Sect. When he first arrived at the Ancient Sect, his understanding of the Dao was quite poor, but after two years, he made an impressive amount of progress that even shocked many of the Ancient Sect disciples. Feng had made it past the 20th floor, which meant he was much stronger than Huo Ying, so he would be able to keep his position as an inner disciple.

Ling Yu continued announcing the names and quickly reached the last few places.

Luo Yong, the 24th floor.

Donger, the 24th floor.

The surrounding disciples listened carefully to the results. When they heard that both Luo Yong and Donger had passed through the 24th floor, these disciples sighed secretly.

Among the disciples who had been mentioned previously, the best one had only passed through the 21st floor.

However, Luo Yong and Donger both had passed through the 24th floor, which meant they’d skipped three levels. It was really admirable!

However, they all knew that Luo Yong and Donger were much stronger than the other disciples because they had fully grasped the forth Occult. It was quite normal for them to reach a higher floor.

After the results for Luo Yong and Donger were announced, there was only one name left to be announced among the 20 disciples.

The one left was Jian Wushuang.

A majority of the surrounding disciples really wanted to hear his result.

After all, Jian Wushuang had a high aptitude and had drawn a lot of attention ever since he arrived at the Ancient Sect. He even became apprenticed to Palace Master Xuan Yi as a nominal disciple, which obviously made him stand out even more.

Jian Wushuang, the… Eh?

Ling Yu was about to announce the result, but she was suddenly dumbstruck by what she saw.

What’s wrong? Many of the disciples looked at Ling Yu in confusion.

How… How is that possible? Ling Yu stared fiercely at the result in disbelief, but the result was sent from the palace and she’d confirmed it was the final result.

After thinking about it, Ling Yu could not help looking at Jian Wushuang with an extremely complicated expression. Then, under the gazes of the other disciples, she slowly announced the result, buy her voice betrayed her excitement.

Jian Wushuang, the… 30th floor!

After announcing the result, Ling Yu breathed a sigh of relief.

The Martial Arts Practice Field was bustling with people discussing the 20 disciples performance inside the Ninth Heaven Road, but when they heard Jian Wushuangs result, everyone immediately stiffened.

Luo Yong, who had bronze-colored skin and an air of fierceness that resembled a fierce beast,?folded his arms. The burly man stood there with a poker face. He had absolute confidence in his own strength since hed tried his best. He was convinced that no one in this competition could overshadow him.

Even though Donger reached the same level of understanding in the Dao as he did and they had both passed through the 24th floor, Luo Yong believed Dongers performance was still inferior to his because he had put up a desperate fight with the ten Puppet Fighters on the 25th floor.

But, at this moment, he heard Lingyu say… Jian Wushuang, the 30th floor!

“What?”

Luo Yong looked up and immediately glanced at Jian Wushuang. Its been less than two years since he came to the Ancient Sect! How is it possible for him to pass through the 30th floor of the Ninth Heaven Road?

Excuse me, Vice Palace Master Ling Yu? Did you read it wrong? Maybe he just passed through the 23rd floor? Luo Yong asked abruptly.

Donger, Feng, and many of the other disciples who entered the Ninth Heaven Road, as well as the other people on the Martial Arts Practice Field, were staring at Ling Yu.

They all believed Ling Yu had read it wrong.

However, Ling Yu shook her head and said with assurance, Jian Wushuang passed the 30th floor, you heard me correctly!

Ling Yu confirmed it once again so that no one would doubt it.

At hearing that, all the Ancient Sect disciples became shocked.