Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 710: Gold-armored Demon God

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Eternal Zone was home to a massive community of Demon Gods.

The Demon Gods here were only some from the outer layer. They received messages from Gu Qiong and Gu Jing and then rushed to fight. When Jian Wushuang launched the signal, they immediately rushed them.

Jian Wushuang also recognized there were hundreds of Demon Gods coming. However, to his surprise, a Gold-armored Demon God showed up first.

Gold-armored Demon God… Jian Wushuang stared at the demonic creature.

At ten meters tall, the demon’s huge legs exploded with speed inconsistent to its frame. Its speed far exceeded that of the superior Divine Realm experts. This demonic monstrosity was the first to bear down on Wu Dao, Dao Mei and Long Tao.

“People from outside the Eternal Zone, die!”

The Gold-armored Demon God howled and waved his golden giant hammer, which was like a small mountain hurtling towards Long Tao. The giant hammer flew through the Void and boomed loudly.

Long Tao’s expression changed dramatically. However, as a superior Divine Realm expert and the core disciple of the Immortal Dynasty, Long Tao remained confident in his strength. He waved his giant axe and exploited his strongest Secret Skill and Unique Skill. He swung the axe, opposing the Gold-armored Demon God defiantly.

The giant axe exploded with tremendous power. Truly his greatest offensive power.

However, when the golden giant hammer collided with the giant axe, it was like an elephant trampling an ant. They were worlds apart.

Long Tao’s giant axe, touted as a powerful Divine Weapon, shattered in blow from the golden giant hammer. After that, the incredible power from the hammer walloped Long Tao.

BANG!

A muffled sound, Long Tao exploded into bloody fog.

A terrifying hammer indeed!

“So powerful!”

Wu Dao and Dao Mei watched in horror.

The Gold-armored Demon God’s strength shocked even Jian Wushuang.

Only one attack and the hammer outclassed the Giant Axe and eviscerated Long Tao. Its power almost matched the ordinary experts in the Eternal Realm.

A black robed figure in the dark witnessed the fight in amazement,?“The Demon God Clan is divided into three different levels, including Copper-armored Demon God, Silver-armored Demon God and Gold-armored Demon God. These three levels represent different bloodlines. The Copper-armored is weaker than the Silver-armored, but there is a huge gap between the Gold-armored and the Silver-armored.”

“The strength of a Gold-armored Demon God and the Divine Realm expert Level usually are close to the experts in the Eternal Realm. Even for me, it will prove very difficult to defeat this Gold-armored Demon God. These three guys are so unlucky to meet a Gold-armored Demon God who possesses an Eternal Weapon.”

The black robed figure was certainly well-informed.

Moreover, it would be better if the Gold-armored Demon God was only on the Divine Realm expert Level. But if he was on the Eternal Realm Level, then that would prove nightmarish for them.

In the inner layer, the Eternal Realm experts from the Firmament Territory were only able to fight the Silver-armored Demon Gods in the Eternal Realm Level. If they met a Gold-armored Demon God, they ran away as quick as possible.

The Gold-armored Demon Gods represented the highest bloodline in the Demon God Clan, so their numbers were small. It was rare to meet them.

Unfortunately, Wu Dao, Dao Mei and Long Tao met a Gold-armored Demon God in the outer layer of the Eternal Zone.

“It seems I need to do it by myself.”?The black robed man slightly raised his head and showed an evil look.

On the battlefield, the Gold-armored Demon God killed Long Tao with his hammer. The next moment, his huge body turned into a dazzling golden light and shot to Wu Dao and Dao Mei.

Wu Dao and Dao Mei were both terrified and immediately ran away without hesitation.

Dao Mei’s figure transformed into a saber shape enveloped by a thunder light. He split the air and quickly ran away. His speed was at least twice as fast.

However, his opponent was not only one Gold-armored Demon God, but also hundreds of Silver-armored and Copper-armored Demon Gods. These Demon Gods all rushed to kill him from different angles. Like right now, there was a Silver-armored Demon God in front of Dao Mei.

Gu Yan met Jian Wushuang before.

“Hmm, you wish to escape?”

Gu Yan said it with a cold voice. He held two heavy mazes and utilized them well. When Dao Mei appeared, he threw the two mazes. In an instant, the gas exploded and disoriented Dao Mei.

“Damn you!” ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Dao Mei looked terrible. Gu Yan stopped him,?but he desperately wanted to escape. However, Gu Yan possessed the tremendous power of his mazes and also showed his terrifying offensive abilities, and soon, Dao Mei was in a bad situation.

Not to mention running away. He was hopelessly trapped by Gu Yan.

The next moment, there were a few Copper-armored Demon Gods and one Silver-armored Demon God rushing to kill him. Many Demon Gods surrounded Dao Mei, making escape impossible.

As for Wu Dao, he knew how to protect himself better than Dao Mei. Since the Gold-armored Demon God chased him and a few Demon Gods stood in front of him, Wu Dao shook his figure, then the blood surged.

Whoosh!Whoosh!Whoosh!Whoosh!Whoosh!

Suddenly, Wu Dao multiplied into nine clones.

These nine Wu Dao’s appearance and aura mirrored each other.

“What is this?”

Jian Wushuang stood in the distance and took no action. He squinted at Wu Dao’s nine bodies.

“One person can transform to nine doppelgangers?”

“But the aura doppelgangers are weak, it should cost him a lot to cultivate this transformation. This should be the life-saving Secret Skill that only works for a short time.”

Wu Dao’s Doppelgangers were completely different from the real Doppelganger Secret Skill.

Doppelganger Secret Skill maintained the doppelganger forever. They could even go fight and retrieve the treasure. Like Xuan Yi, he was in the Sword Palace but his doppelganger represented him to handle different things. But even that was just a doppelganger, yet no one dared look down upon it.

But Wu Dao’s doppelganger was used to deceive his opponent, so in essence, it was only a Secret Skill utilized when fleeing.