Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 720: The Descendant of the Militant Warrior

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Is this… the Demon God tribe?”

Jian Wushuang looked around as he thought back to how he met Gu Yang, who then carried him back to the tribe.

“We’re the Eighth Tribe. I’m an Elder of Eighth Tribe and you can call me Elder Ying.” Elder Ying looked at him. “You were badly hurt, so I asked Jiu to give you a drop of Essence Blood. With that, you should be mostly healed now.”

Just then, the extremely ferocious bug, with many tentacles, on her arm raised its head and looked at Jian Wushuang.

Jian Wushuang looked back at it. Although he didn’t know how precious its Essence Blood was, he was well aware of how severe his injury was. Under normal circumstances, even if he had used a general elixir or treasure, it would have been impossible for him to recover without half a month.

But that drop of Essence Blood from the bug had almost completely healed him in a very short time.

“Thank you,” said Jian Wushuang.

“We’re of the same clan, so you don’t need to be so polite.” Elder Ying smiled and continued, “By the way, I heard from Gu Yang that your name is Jian Wushuang. Which tribe are you from?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Tribe?” Jian Wushuang slightly narrowed his eyes, then shook his head and said, “I’m not from any of the tribes.”

He didn’t intend to continue lying.

Previously, in the outer layer, he could leave immediately if he needed to, so he wasn’t afraid of what would happen if the Demon Gods investigated his identity.

But, now he was inside a house that belonged to the Demon God Clan. He was in one of the Demon God Clan’s tribes. At this moment, if he continued lying to Elder Ying and said that he was from Seventh Tribe or one of the other tribes, then it would be unwise.

“Not from a tribe?” Elder Ying cocked her brows. “Then you must be related to one of those Militant Warriors who wander around, constantly putting their lives on the line.”

“Militant Warriors?” Jian Wushuang was curious, but he remained unmoved on the surface.

“Our Ancient God Clan is innately militant and possesses an enormous battle intent due to the instincts passed down from their ancestor, the Ancient God,” Elder Ying said, “But, ever since our ancestor disappeared, we have been living here and have very little contact with the outside worlds.”

“So there aren’t many battles. Even when there is a battle, it is only a contest between clansmen. Some of the clansmen can’t stand it, so they leave the tribes and enter the Boundless Wasteland on the other end of the world to fight against the fiercely violent Wilds Beasts!”

“Some of them die in the intense battles with the Wilds Beasts while some of them survive and continue wandering the line between life and death. As time goes by, most of these clansmen should have died. There ought to be very few clansmen who are still fighting with Wilds Beasts in the Boundless Wasteland.”

“We call these people Militant Warriors and you should be a descendant of them.”

“Oh?” Jian Wushuang understood now.

“These Militant Warriors left their homeland and tribes, but they still possess our great ancestors’ bloodline and are still clansmen of our Ancient God Clan, so you are as well.” Elder Ying looked at Jian Wushuang while smiling and said, “Since you’re already here, you can stay in our tribe for a while. Also, I don’t think you have gone through the Demon God baptism before, have you?”

“No.” Jian Wushuang shook his head slightly.

“Our tribes will collectively perform a Demon God baptism every once in a while. At that time, the clansmen of our tribes who have reached the baptism requirements will have their Ancient God bloodline awakened through the baptism. If you’re strong enough, you can come with us. After all, only when you awaken the Ancient God bloodline can you truly be counted as the offspring of the Ancient God,” said Elder Ying.

“What are the requirements for baptism?” Jian Wushuang couldn’t help asking.

“Under normal circumstances, you only need to be an adult. Of course, those clansmen who have an extremely pure soul aura and lineage can awaken their bloodline in advance. And, your lineage definitely meets the requirements,” said Elder Ying.

“Oh?” Jian Wushuang nodded slightly and asked, “How long will it be before the next baptism?”

“There’s an adult baptism every year, so the next baptism will be very soon,” Elder Ying said and smiled.

Jian Wushuang nodded. After that, he asked some more questions which were simple common sense to the clansmen who had lived in the tribes. Elder Ying answered his questions patiently.

Jian Wushuang had also asked Gu Qiong some questions before, so he already had some knowledge of the Ancient God Clan that was living here.

At the same time, he also gained a new understanding of the Eternal Zone.

It wasn’t just the Ancient God Clan (the Demon God Clan), Wilds Beasts also lived in the Eternal Zone.

Those Wilds Beasts lived in the Boundless Wasteland at the other end of the world, occupying half of the territory while the Ancient God Clan occupied the other half.

The Holy Place of the Ancient God Clan covered a vast territory in the very center of the Eternal Zone. However, ever since their ancestor, the Ancient God, disappeared, the Holy Place had been completely sealed and no one had been able to even set foot in it.

The Ancient God Clan had never left the Eternal Zone, even after so many years.

Because of the Ancient God bloodline, the Ancient God clansmen became Ancient Gods through baptism after they became adults, but a small portion of them had a very thin bloodline, so they couldn’t awaken their own bloodline no matter how hard they tried.

Only when their bloodline was really awakened could they be considered as Ancient Gods.

Even so, there were strong and weak Ancient Gods.

Unlike the human experts in the Eternal World, the Ancient Gods were not divided into the Skyscraping Realm, Divine Realm, Eternal Realm, and so on. Their realm was determined by the number of Quadrangular Stars on their chest.

The moment their bloodline was awakened, Quadrangular Stars would naturally condense on their chests. If there was one star, they would be a One-star Ancient God.

A one-star Ancient God was equal to a human who was in the Divine Realm.

If they condensed two stars, they would be a two-star Ancient God, which was equal to the Eternal Realm for human beings.

If they condensed three stars, they would be the same as a supreme Dao Master among the humans!

There were ten tribes and millions of people in the Ancient God Clan. Up till now, One-star Ancient Gods at least occupied more than 90% of the population and there were also quite a few Two-star Ancient Gods. Generally, the number of Two-star Ancient Gods in each tribe exceeded three figures.

In other words, there were at least one hundred Two-star Ancient Gods that were comparable to the Eternal Realm for human beings.

As for Three-star Ancient Gods… Elder Ying did not say much about them, but Jian Wushuang could roughly guess that there was more than one Three-star Ancient God in the Ancient God Clan.

After knowing this, even Jian Wushuang couldn’t help being shocked by the awesomeness of the Ancient God Clan.

99% of the ten thousand clansmen already had their bloodline awakened. Once their bloodline was awakened, even the weakest clansman was a One-star copper-armored Ancient God who could compete with an advanced Divine Realm expert.

There were more than one hundred Two-star Ancient Gods in each tribe. Ten tribes added up to over one thousand Two-star Ancient Gods which could compete with Eternal Realm experts.

Could all the Eternal Realm experts of all Sects in the whole Firmament Territory even be able to reach half of this number?