Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 723: Gu Changfeng

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Yes, he was teasing him.

The clansmen around also discovered it. Jian Wushuang was teasing Gu Lan. He just stood there and did not move forward at all.

“Okay, that’s enough,” A man suddenly said.

Gu Lan stopped attacking after hearing the voice, even though he was unwilling.

“Brother Feng,” Gu Lan turned to face the man.

Jian Wushuang also looked at him.

This young man with a sturdy body and a handsome face was more than two meters tall and he held a black spear in his hand.

The other clansmen looked at him with a hint of worship. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The young man directly came to Gu Lan and said in a low voice, “I told you before that your attacks are too simple and that you should adventure in our tribe’s Underground Palace more often, but you always believed that physical strength is more important. Now you’re paying the price for it, right?”

Upon hearing this, Gu Lan’s face flushed with embarrassment, but he could not refute his words.

He was indeed defeated due to his lack of combat skills.

The Underground Palace mentioned by the young man was an exclusive place for the clansmen to practice their combat skills.

“Humph!”

The young man snorted and turned to Jian Wushuang. A smile appeared on his face before he said, “I’m Gu Changfeng, brother of Gu Lan. I just watched you fight with Gu Lan. You have exceptional swordsmanship and impressive fighting experience. You deserve your title as a descendant of the Militant Warriors. Could you please fight with me?”

Jian Wushuang raised his head and glanced at Gu Changfeng, but he did not directly assent.

“Jian Wushuang, Brother Feng is the strongest among the clansmen of the Eighth Tribe who haven’t awakened their bloodline yet. His bloodline is also the purest. After he reaches adulthood and enters the Baptismal Pool, he can definitely become a Silver-armored Ancient God or even a Gold-armored Ancient God,” Gu Lan said.

“Oh?” Jian Wushuang raised his eyebrows. He was very interested in what Gu Lan just said.

Since the lifespan of the Ancient Gods was extremely long, it usually took a clansman more than a thousand years to enter adulthood.

Therefore, many of the clansmen in the Eighth Tribe had not awakened their bloodline yet. Since Gu Changfeng ranked first among them, he certainly possessed extraordinary strength. At the very least, he was much stronger than Gu Lan.

“Since that is so, please,” Jian Wushuang said.

“Be careful. Compared to Gu Lan, I’m stronger and have better combat skills,” Gu Changfeng looked at Jian Wushuang with a trace of excitement in his eyes.

He had only heard of the Militant Warriors but never really met any of them.

He knew that the Militant Warriors constantly fought with the Wilds Beasts, so they were experienced and had far more excellent fighting skills than the ordinary clansmen. He was shocked by the swordsmanship Jian Wushuang had displayed just now.

He looked forward to sparring with Jian Wushuang.

“I’ll start.”

As Gu Changfeng shouted, he thrust forward with the black spear. The tip of the spear had a cold glow, even in the sunlight.

It was silent, like a poisonous snake striking out from a hole in the ground!

“So fast!” Jian Wushuang was shocked.

He was quite surprised by the speed of Gu Changfeng’s spear stroke. Gu Changfeng was indeed much stronger than Gu Lan.

Jian Wushuang dared not underestimate Gu Changfeng anymore. With a twist of his wrist, he directly swung the longsword toward the spear.

When the sword and spear collided, Jian Wushuang immediately found that his sword, which should have had the edge, was pushed back by the spear, as Gu Changfeng’s power was at least twice that of Gu Lan’s full power.

The spear’s terrifying force directly knocked back Jian Wushuang’s sword and then continued to stab towards him.

Jian Wushuang stepped backwards to dodge the spear. Gu Lan’s eyes sparkled, then he suddenly shifted the tip of the spear.

It happened in the blink of an eye, which was completely caught Jian Wushuang off-guard.

“Not bad!”

Jian Wushuang’s eyes flashed with a hint of excitement. After the first round of fighting, he already realized that Gu Changfeng’s ability in close combat was much stronger than many Ancient Sect disciples who were proficient in close combat. His spearmanship was also excellent. However, his comprehension of the Dao was slightly insufficient.

But his incredible physical strength could completely make up for his shortcoming in Dao comprehension.

“It seems that I have to use a few tricks if I want to defeat him,”?Jian Wushuang smiled and casually struck the spear’s body directly with his sword.

The spear tip which had been close to Jian Wushuang’s body was deflected to the side and missed its target.

“This…” Gu Changfeng was stunned and glanced at Jian Wushuang. He never expected that Jian Wushuang would be able to dodge his spear in this manner.

Then, Jian Wushuang began to exert the full ability of his swordsmanship.

He hacked with his longsword faster and faster, with each sword stroke being simple and pure, but exquisite. Gu Changfeng was quickly surrounded by sword shadows.

“What?”

“This, this swordsmanship!”

Gu Changfeng parried Jian Wushuang’s sword strokes in haste, but he gradually failed to keep up as they became faster and faster.

Gu Changfeng’s face darkened. He exerted himself to stab his long spear forward. The might and incredible force even caused a burst of sound, causing Jian Wushuang to be shocked as he rushed backward in haste.

Their combat stopped.

“Jian Wushuang, as a descendant of the Militant Warriors, your swordsmanship is really strong,” Gu Changfeng sighed with admiration.

“Your spearmanship is also good,” Jian Wushuang laughed, but he was quite surprised in his heart.

He was definitely just as strong as a superior Divine Realm expert. Even though he did not use the power of his Sword Heart, he had used the full ability of his swordsmanship. Even with that, he still could not defeat Gu Changfeng. On the contrary, he was forced to retreat by the incredible force that Gu Changfeng released.

“That force…”?Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes slightly.

That final blow that Gu Changfeng released was much stronger than many advanced Divine Realm experts when they exerted their Secret Skills.

But Gu Changfeng had not awakened his bloodline and become a real Ancient God yet.

In other words, he was equivalent to a human Skyscraping Realm expert, but his strength was already so amazing!

It was unbelievable!