Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 729: Traveling to Gain Experience

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Ten years was a long time for Jian Wushuang. But for the members of the Ancient God Clan or the human experts, 10 years was merely a fleeting moment.

After these 10 years, compared with his previous performance, Jian Wushuangs overall strength had improved significantly.

Particularly in recent years, he started to challenge many clansmen in the Eighth Tribe. Eventually, he had crossed swords with almost every top-leveled One-star Ancient God in the Eighth Tribe.

Once he had finished challenging every strong opponent available, Jian Wushuang was going to leave.

In a stone house, the weather-worn faced Elder Ying was sitting by a table, while Jian Wushuang stood in front of her.

“My boy, are you leaving?” Elder Ying looked up at Jian Wushuang.

“Yes.” Jian Wushuang nodded. “I’m going to travel to other tribes.”

“Travel? You’re actually going to challenge more experts in other tribes, aren’t you?” Elder Ying asked with a playful tone.

When he heard this, Jian Wushuang could not help but smile.

Indeed, in the past few years, he had challenged all the powerful One-star Ancient Gods in the Eighth Tribe. For those who were exceptionally tough, he actually challenged them more often. Through these kinds of challenges, he had made amazing progress.

However, after doing those challenges for several years, those One-star Ancient Gods in the Eighth Tribe could no longer surprise him. Thus, he was longing to go to other tribes and challenge their One-star Ancient Gods in order to further enhance his power.

“A Militant Warrior is always obsessed with fighting. This is true.” Elder Ying exclaimed. “Well, just go. When you finish challenging everyone you want to battle with, you can come back anytime.”

“Thank you.” Jian Wushuang expressed his gratitude for Elder Ying’s understanding, and then turned around and left the room.

On that very day, Jian Wushuang departed from the Eighth Tribe and began to travel through the Eternal Zone.

His first destination was naturally another tribe of the Ancient God Clan.

A few days later, he arrived in the Seventh Tribe, which was the closest one to the Eighth Tribe.

Jian Wushuang had some acquaintances in the Seventh Tribe. Gu Qiong, the man who died for rescuing him, was also from this Seventh Tribe.

Being part of the Ancient God Clan, the men in the Seventh Tribe were very friendly to Jian Wushuang. Then, Jian Wushuang told them he was a Militant Warrior and started to challenge others immediately.

As he did in the Eighth Tribe, he challenged all powerful One-star Ancient Gods in the Seventh Tribe one by one. While he was fighting against those One-star Ancient Gods, he was also honing his own skills.

Once he had challenged all the powerful One-star Ancient Gods in the Seventh Tribe, he set off towards the Sixth Tribe…

As time passed, Jian Wushuang traveled from one tribe to another and challenged the each of the experts in those tribes.

Finally, he traveled across all 10 tribes, battling against the majority of One-star Ancient Gods within each tribe.

After traveling across the 10 tribes, Jian Wushuang arrived at the other end of the Eternal Zone.

This was an endless wasteland, a place inhabited by ferocious beasts.

“Militant Warriors are used to fighting off wild beasts in this endless wasteland. I am, as everyone knows, a Militant Warrior. No matter what, I should take an adventure in this endless wasteland.” 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Gazing at the ancient deserted land stretched out before him, Jian Wushuang did not hesitate to step out onto this land.

On that day, Jian Wushuang began traveling across the endless wasteland.

Soon he came across some wild beasts.

The wild beasts were all of intimidating sizes, which turned out to be much larger than the men of the Ancient God Clan. Their levels of strength were also overwhelming.

Even the weakest of them were still paralleled to superior Divine Realm experts of human beings. And added to their physicality, many of those wild beasts possessed certain eccentric powers which could be very tricky to tackle.

Jian Wushuang adventured in this endless wasteland alone. He bumped into myriads of wild beasts and battled them numerous times.

Fighting against wild beasts was very different from challenging the men of the Ancient God Clan.

Because every battle with the wild beasts was a life and death struggle. Each time he fought, he would have to go all out, and very often he needed to risk his life to defeat his opponents.

Among all these battles, there were two fights in which Jian Wushuang found himself in real life-threatening situations.

The first one was when he dueled with a wild beast with a total of eight huge arms. It looked like a giant mantis, and its arms were unexpectedly sharp.

When Jian Wushuang first cast an eye on this mantis-like wild beast, he could tell that the aura of this beast was weak, far from reaching the Eternal Realm. Jian Wushuang thought it would be no problem for him to kill this wild beast with a burst of his full power. But when deep in battle, he found that the strength of this wild beast was much more terrifying than he had imagined.

This wild beast had extremely explosive power, which matched most of the One-star Silver-armored Ancient Gods. And above all, its offensive ability was just too great.

Its eight sharp arms were like eight sabers. When it wielded them at the same time, Jian Wushuang, who had only one sword in hand, found it impossible to defend himself.

This wild beast was born to kill.

Jian Wushuangs battle techniques were already very frightening. Adding his Sword Heart power, the force he produced was comparable to that of this wild beast. But when he confronted this wild beast head-on, he was being beaten by it every time. He was thoroughly crushed, almost had no way to strike back.

After fighting for a few minutes, Jian Wushuang was already badly injured and had to retreat to save his life. He finally escaped by casting the first level of the Dragon Blood Secret Skill, which increased his swiftness by a multiple of ten.

In the second crisis, what Jian Wushuang ran into was a wild beast that had already reached the Eternal Realm, and was the most fearsome one out of all the beasts in the Eternal Realm.

When Jian Wushuang spotted this wild beast, he planned to get around it. But to his surprise, this wild beast sensed his presence. The moment Jian Wushuang walked in its vicinity this wild beast detected him. And then, it started to chase Jian Wushuang.

What most alarming was the speed of this wild beast. When it exerted all its effort, it ran much faster than An Chao, who he had cast a Secret Skill to hunt down Jian Wushuang. This time, Jian Wushuang performed the second level of the Dragon Blood Secret Skill and increased his speed by 100 times, but he still failed to outrun that wild beast.

In the end, Jian Wushuang reluctantly gave up his Slaughter Body to let it lure the wild beast away, allowing his World Body to flee.

Being forced to flee, Jian Wushuang felt extremely helpless.

This wasteland was too large. Although the wild beasts did not abound, their average strength was extraordinarily strong, and many of them could rival those in the Eternal Realm.

Jian Wushuang had already experienced two life-threatening moments when he was wandering on the outskirts of the endless wasteland. As it stood, he did not dare approach the depths of the endless wasteland.

Jian Wushuang just kept traveling on this land.

He was completely absorbed in the pleasure of these risky adventures and was unconcerned about how much time had flown by.

Finally, he came to a halt at a deserted mountaintop of the endless wasteland.