Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 736: Against Nature Twice—the Deification Realm!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The ancestor of the Ancient God Clan was a great Ancient God.

That god possessed incredible power and was highly gifted.

Everytime his descendants awoke their bloodlines, some of them might gain a part of his memory.

Those lucky ones had to work at the memory by themselves and could not teach others their gains.

As those descendants’ bloodline got thinner and thinner, only a few of them could gain that ancestor’s memory while awaking their bloodlines, and that was true even of the Gold-armored Ancient Gods.

Suprisingly, Jian Wushuang gained that memory.

“Three Fingers of the Ancient God!”

Everything about that skill was now in his mind.

It was one of the ancestor’s most terrifying and unique skills.

Only those clansmen with a high level of bloodline could master it.

The “Three Fingers” meant three moves.

According to what Jian Wushuang learned from the Inherited Memory, each move had amazing power.

By displaying the first move, one could break realms.

By displaying the second move, one could extinguish stars.

By displaying the third move, one could shatter the world.

Thus, the three moves were respectively named Barrier-breaking, Star-extinguishing, and World-shattering.

“Three Fingers of the Ancient God is?a really fierce and terrifying skill.”?Jian Wushuang was amazed.

He believed that later after he mastered the skill, he would be able to exert extraordinary power.

After a quick scan of that memory, he looked down at his body.

“Is this how I look after I transformed into an Ancient God?”?

Staring at his strongly built body, he found it even bigger than that of the Gold-armored Demon Gods at over 10 meters high. He clenched his hand and could feel a mighty power gather in it.

He could tell that this power was much more powerful than that of the Sword Heart.

At the same time, he also noticed the pattern of a Quadrangular Star on his chest and the dark-golden skin it covered.

“Dark-golden?”?Jian Wushuang was a little confused.

He never heard of any Ancient God in the Ancient God Clan who had dark-golden skin. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

However, it did not bother him that much as it was just a small area.

After some time in his transformed body, with a thought of his mind, his body began shrinking into a normal human being’s.

When he was back into his human body, he immediately felt that his Spiritual Power had been changed.

“I broke through a realm.”

He was not surprised at this.

He had known for a long time ago that once those of the Ancient God Clan accepted their baptism and awoke their bloodlines, they would break through to the level of One-star Ancient God.

That level was equal to the level of Divine Realm experts.

Therefore, he had expected that he would reach the Divine Realm as well after he accepted the baptism, and in view of this, he had purposely adventured longer in order to linger in the Skyscraping Realm.

After all, in the Skyscraping Realm, he could comprehend Dao and swordsmanship at a great speed, but once he broke through into the Divine Realm, that speed would be reduced.

Now, he found himself in the Divine Realm.

That meant an overall change to his body and an increase of his power, as well as a decrease of his comprehension speed.

Actually, even though his talent in comprehension would be weakened, he would still be better at it than others.

“Now, I’ve come to the second step of the Heaven-defying Four Steps—Deification Realm!” Jian Wushuang narrowed his eyes.

The four steps meant four realms: Heaven-treading Realm, Deification Realm, Everlasting Realm, and Eternal Supremo.

Among them, the Deification Realm was equivalent to the Divine Realm of normal Warriors.

Given that the Heavenly Creation Skill was so unique,

After Jian Wushuang transformed into a human being, he did not hurry out of the pool but stayed in it trying to figure out the difference of the second step.

Soon, he got the answer.

He murmured with a horrified look, “After I’m in the Deification Realm, I can reach the peak of my power without limit.”

In the Heaven-treading Realm, he was best at comprehending.

In the Deification Realm, he would get the most powerful battle strength.

It meant that as long as he was in the realm, he could improve his battle strength without limit.

For example, if a Divine Realm expert could exchange some moves with an Eternal Realm expert and not get killed, he could be regarded as an exceptional genius among his peers, and if he could kill that expert, he would be regarded as a genius of geniuses.

However, very few people in the Eternal World could achieve that.

The fact was that no matter how powerful a Divine Realm expert was of his level, he could only beat down some weak and average Eternal Realm experts.

If he could do better than that, he would have broken through the Eternal Realm.

However, the Heavenly Creation Skill Jian Wushuang practiced was meant to break the recognized rules among the common people.

There was no limit to his power when he was in the Deification Realm.

With some opportunities, he could achieve what others could not. That was to say he could be as powerful as the top Eternal Realm experts some day.

In that realm, he could improve his power as much as he wanted.

“Heavenly Creation Skill is really incredible!”?Jian Wushuang let out a sigh of surprise.

He raised his head and looked around, finding the clansmen all staring at him with dumbfounded looks.

Jian Wushuang smiled at them, walked out the Baptismal Pool and came up to them.