Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 764: Jian Wushuang Returns

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Ten days had passed, and all the sects started leaving the Eternal Zone one after another.

The Ancient Gods who had been adventuring in the Tianqi Mountains all gathered together, ready to go back to their tribes.

Gu Heng, the leader of those gods, had a grave expression on his face at this moment.

“Where is Jian Wushuang?

“Where is he?”

He shouted at the clansmen.

Before they left, Elder Yi had told him to keep Jian Wushuang safe, as he had a very special position in the clan.

At the moment, other than those who were killed by outsiders, all those clansmen who went to the Tianqi Mountains were all gathered here. However, there was no trace of Jian Wushuang.

“Could Jian Wushuang have already died in the hands of the outsiders?”

“Sir,” Gu Yang went up to Gu Heng and passed him a token, saying, “Jian Wushuang told me to give this token to you not long ago.”

“Token?” Gu Heng’s face darkened. He took it and started reading the information on it.

“He left? He went to the Human Territory? He’s going to return in a few thousand years?” Gu Heng’s eyes were wide opened. Soon later, he began laughing bitterly.

Jian Wushuang might have left in an admirable way, but he was going to have a hard time explaining to Elder Yi with just this token.

In the dense ancient forest, outside the Eternal Zone.

Experts and disciples of the sects in the Firmament Territory were gathering here, in this place above the Void, after exiting the wormhole.

Within half a day, most of them had arrived.

Among those people, the experts of Cloud Sea Asgard and Boundless Demon Sect all looked grim.

“How many people did Cloud Sea Asgard and Boundless Demon Sect lose this time thanks to him?”

“I remember that there were a total of 15 experts from the Cloud Sea Asgard entering the Eternal Zone, but now only seven of them made it out alive?”

“The Boundless Demon Sect is no better. It lost half of its people there.”

“Tsk tsk, I really want to know what happened to the two magnates there.”

The surrounding experts from the top Sects were surprised, although they did show it.

Each Sect had their own losses in this trip to the Eternal Zone. Among them, the Cloud Sea Asgard and Boundless Demon Sect had suffered the greatest losses.

Half of their people died inside the Eternal zone.

As for the Immortal Dynasty, its situation was not as miserable, but it still lost four experts. Two of them were killed by Jian Wushuang.

“Bastard! The Demon Gods found out about our assembly site on the Tianqi Mountains!” The Great Elder of the Cloud Sea Asgard, Yun Fan, wore a grim expression, and his eyes glistened with anger.

His sect and the Boundless Demon Sect all suffered a great loss.

However, they could only admit that they had bad luck. It never occurred to them to blame others, much less Jian Wushuang.

Just then, a blinding light shone from the wormhole. Following which, a group of people came out one after another.

“Are they from the Ancient Sect?”

“I wonder if they lost anyone inside.”

The waiting experts immediately turned towards the men from the Ancient Sect.

When they saw that all nine Palace Masters of the sect survived, they were surprised, although they did not show it.

Obviously, the Ancient Sect did not suffer any loss in the Eternal Zone.

Soon, the experts noticed the black-robed youth standing beside Palace Master Destruction. He was carrying a long sword.

Judging from the youth’s aura, they could tell that he was just a Divine Realm expert.

“Um, a Divine Realm expert?”

“Who is this guy?”

“He…he is…”

Everyone’s eyes were fixated on the youth.

The experts from the three magnates, as well as their disciples, all stared at the youth.

Their gaze turned from confusion to suspicion and then to shock. Finally, they were all horror-struck.

“Jian…Jian Wushuang!”

Someone blurted out in shock.

Instantly, this fact registered in everyone’s brain like a thunderbolt being struck across a cloudless sky.

“It’s him, Jian Wushuang!”

“He is the one who shooked the whole Firmament Territory 100 years ago, and was taken in by Xuan Yi as his own personal disciple?”

“Isn’t he supposed to be dead?”

“How is this possible? How is he possibly not dead?”

“This, this is impossible!”

Everyone was stunned.

Even those experienced Eternal Realm experts could not believe their eyes when they saw Jian Wushuang standing in front of them again.

Jian Wushuang, who was supposed to have died a 100 years ago, was now appearing in front of them in one piece?

“Jian Wushuang, he isn’t dead?”

The experts from the three magnates were dumbfounded.

The only one who was not surprised at Jian Wushuang’s appearance was white-haired Ming Ye, an elder from the Nine Heaven Sect.

He had witnessed how Jian Wushuang killed An Chao in the Eternal Zone. Hence, he was naturally not surprised at his appearance. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Just when everyone was still in a state of shock, Jian Wushuang looked around and took in a deep breath. A comfortable smile widened on his face.

“After 100 years, I’m finally out.” Jian Wushuang could not help but told himself that in his heart.

For him, it was really a long time.

The clansmen of the Ancient God Clan had treated him well, he also had the bloodline of Ancient Gods. However, he was born in the Human Territory after all. That was where he was rooted in.

“All these people…”?Jian Wushuang glanced at each and every single one of them, not missing any of their expressions.

“Looks like they’re all surprised.”?Jian Wushuang gave a cold smile.

“Just ignore them. Let’s go.” Palace Master Destruction.

Palace Master Destruction spoke in a low voice. Following which, the many Palace Masters of the Ancient Sect followed Jian Wushuang back to the sect.

However, just as they were about to start off…

“Wait!”

The low voice echoed throughout the place. Following which, a figure came to stand in their way.

It was an old man with a youthful face. The moment he appeared, his aura suppressed all the others’.

“Jian Wushuang, where are you hurrying to?”

The elder asked in a casual manner, however, his sharp eyes targeted Jian Wushuang.