Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 769: A Fierce Battle!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Boom!

Jian Wushuang was a total of 15 meters tall. He stomped hard on the ground as a bright light shone from his eyes.

The cracked ground crumbled apart under his feet. Ashes and crushed stones were splattered everywhere.

Jian Wushuang started running forward, his huge feet treading on the ground heavily. He held onto the Emperor Sword tightly in his right hand, and though it did not strike out, the Sword Essence it radiated disturbed the air ruthlessly.

Yun Fan charged out as well. He had a grave expression on his face. A vast Spiritual Power kept flowing from his body to his right hand.

The two approached each other at an alarming speed.

1,000 meters, 500 meters, 100 meters, 10 meters… and they finally met.

Jian Wushuang held up the Emperor Sword with both his hands. It had already grown to 10 meters long. He concentrated all of his power in his arms. Meanwhile, the Sword Heart in his sea of consciousness shook wildly and reached the peak of its power.

All those powers finally streamed into his long sword.

When the sword could bear no more power, Jian Wushuang struck forward, the gaze in his eyes stronger than ever.?

“The first move of Boundless Heaven Sword Art, Annihilation Sword Move!”

Bang!

The sword shadow of Jian Wushuang’s merciless move was seen striking out, as the ground under his feet started to crack.

When the sword shadow struck out, a groan seemed to ring in the air, as if the place was shivering under the shocking power.

It was a sword meant to destroy.

It was the First Move of the Boundless Heaven Sword Art, the Annihilation Sword Move.

The Boundless Heaven Sword Art was a Secret Skill created by Xuan Yi. It was a high-level Sword Principle Secret Skill.

The first move was already even more powerful than Netherworld, Twilight, and other skills that Jian Wushuang created.

When Jian Wushuang started his attack, Yun Fan’s facial expression showed that he was struggling.

“Four-Beast Secret Skill, Green Dragon Staff!”

He let out a low growl and raised the jet-black long staff in his hand. The staff instantly expanded once again. It looked as if a majestic giant mountain suddenly appeared in the Void and there seemed to be a powerful green dragon circling around it.

As if it came from another world, the giant mountain broke through the heaven and earth, ferociously smashing everything in its way.

Back in the Tianqi Mountains, Jian Wushuang once had an official fight with Yun Fan. During that time, he just wanted to cover Palace Master Destruction and others in their evacuation, so he had not made it a life-and-death battle, and neither did Yun Fan.

But now, it was different. Both wanted to fight until one of them dies.

For this kind of fierce battle, they had to go all out.

The first move they made was their best move.

The crowd watched as the all-destroying sword shadow collided into the giant mountain with green dragons circling it.

They hit hard!

It was a face-to-face battle!

Bump!

The huge sound staggered the place. The onlookers all let out a cry of pain; they felt like their ears were just pierced through by the loud sound.

The loud bang was accompanied by an outburst of earth-shaking power. The void quivered, a large amount of energy started radiating towards the surrounding like sharp arrows.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Those arrows rained on the surroundings or the ground, and each of them created a hole where it landed. Instantly, the area was left riddled.

But at this moment, in the center of the battlefield, Jian Wushuang and Yun Fan were seen being blown away at the same time.

They were knocked out by the shock, which seemingly turned them into shooting stars.

Gleaming in silver light, Yun Fan’s five-meter figure was smashed against a hill. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Bang!

The majestic hill instantly crumbled down before disappearing off the surface of the earth.

However, it did not stop Yun Fan from falling backward. He then smashed into another hill.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

After five consecutive exploding sounds, Yun Fan finally regained his balance before he was about to knock into the sixth hill.?

On the other side, Jian Wushuang’s situation was no better than Yun Fan’s.

A thick forest was behind him and there were no hills. While he was sent flying, he knocked down many tall trees, but that did not seem to stop him. Eventually, he thrust his sword deep into the ground and finally stopped 100 meters later.

The moment he regained his balance, he turned into a streak of gold light instantly and rushed forward.

Yun Fan did the same.

The onlookers did not even have time to react before another booming sound echoed.

Jian Wushuang and Yun Fan exchanged a move again and exploded the space around them.

Jian Wushuang had a cold expression as he stared at Yun Fan deadly. His sword struck out like a serpent targeting its prey, making no sound.

Phew! Phew! Phew!

He launched three fast attacks consecutively, and each of them aimed at Yun Fan’s throat.

Yun Fan, on the other hand, held onto his staff tightly. He swung it and managed to defend himself against Jian Wushuang’s moves.

Both of them staggered backward at the same time. Yun Fan then suddenly raised his head and opened his mouth.

“Roar!”

The growl echoed loudly throughout the heaven and earth.

The growl was accompanied by a powerful Sound Wave Attack. It went towards Jian Wushuang immediately.

Jian Wushuang was too close to Yun Fan, he could not dodge the sudden attack.

“Oh no!” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed, and he immediately set up an Energy Shield inside his body with his Spiritual Power.

Sound Wave Attack aimed at the inside of a body. Yun Fan was able to display such a skill due to his intensive study in a remarkable Secret Skill.

The sudden sound wave broke through all layers of Jian Wushuang’s shield before striking him heavily like a hammer.

“Hmph!”

He let out a groan of pain and spit out a trace of fresh blood.

Luckily, his body was extremely strong, and his Immortality Secret Skill had improved tremendously during his years in the Eternal Zone.

He had completed mastering Blood Condensation Technique, Chapter Two of the Immortality Secret Skill.

As for Chapter Three, the Armor Technique, he was already at Stage Two of cultivation. Therefore, his body was stronger than many Eternal Realm experts.

Besides, he was a Gold-armored Ancient God, and they were the most proficient in strength and defense.

Although Yun Fan’s Sound Wave Attack caused him some injuries, it did not affect his battle strength that much.