Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 785: The Blood Saber!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Humph, you trained three disciples into Dao Masters, that’s really something. But that’s not enough for you to completely overpower the three of us!” Tian Yunzi snarled.

“We are Dao Masters, too. And there are three of us as well. We don’t fear you at all!” Emperor Tu also snapped.

“Xuan Yi, I’m eager to see how powerful your three Dao Master disciples can be,” Demon Master Su said, her face cold and detached.

The three were all Dao Masters through and through. And they had long since made a name for themselves.

They had the utmost confidence in their strength.

Although Xuan Yi’s three personal disciples were Dao Masters, this was not enough to make them scared.

“You’re mistaken.”

An icy cold voice suddenly sounded. It was the evil scarlet-haired youth who opened his mouth. Xue Lingtian’s eyes were utterly scarlet now. “I can handle you guys myself. No need to let my two Junior Brothers bother with this.”

“What?”

“How arrogant!”

“You’re courting death!”

Tian Yunzi, Emperor Tu, and Demon Master Su all flew into a rage, for Xue Lingtian’s words severely humiliated the three of them.

But just at this point, Xue Lingtian began to act.

“Whoosh!”

Xue Lingtian took a step forward and instantly dashed up to the three Dao Masters who were standing side by side. His speed was so fast that it even surpassed the speed of thunderbolts and anything in the world. Then, he appeared next to Tian Yunzi who was standing on the far left, and casually pulled out his blood-red saber.

“Whoosh!”

He hacked at Tian Yunzi. This move looked quite normal, and even the Eternal Realm experts and Divine Realm disciples watching them from far away had seen the whole thing clearly.

But this seemingly slow move swept seamlessly across Tian Yunzi’s neck, cutting across this Dao Master’s vulnerable flesh as if it were a chunk of tofu.

The blade light flashed, but it did not even leave a cut on Tian Yunzi’s neck.

Although it seemed to be a very slow move, in fact, it happened so fast that no one had time to react.

“You, you…” Tian Yunzi’s eyes widened.

But Xue Lingtian, who had just thrust his saber in a flash, strode forward again and appeared beside Emperor Tu and Demon Master Su.

He made the same slow move. His saber skimmed over the necks of Emperor Tu and Demon Master Su, sending three heads flying off in succession. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The three top Dao Masters and super experts, Tian Yunzi, Emperor Tu, and Demon Master Su, were not able to react at all.

“Swish!”

The blood-red figure flashed by, and Xue Lingtian was, once again, standing next to Xuan Yi.

“Buzz…”

The three heads that were tossed into the Void suddenly came to a halt. Then, a huge amount of energy started converging, and the rest of the three bodies also hurtled over to reconnect to their own heads. In just a few minutes, the three who had been beheaded already fully recovered.

Eternal Realm experts would not die as long as their Life Cores were still intact.

Now that they were Dao Masters, it would be more difficult for them to die. Even though their heads were chopped off, as long as their Life Cores were not destroyed, they could repair their bodies at any time or even recreate their entire bodies, which could be achieved in a short spell.

Now, Tian Yunzi, Emperor Tu, and Demon Master Su had all repaired their bodies, and their strength also returned to the peak. However, the three were shivering, goggling at Xue Lingtian with utterly terrified looks.

They all knew that they had just paid a visit to the Gate of Hell. If Xue Lingtian had not been merciful enough to let go of their Life Cores, they would have become three dead bodies by now.

And the numerous onlookers watching this fight had become completely terror-stricken.

Three moves. During the whole time, Xue Lingtian had only made three moves.

But these three moves cut the heads of Tian Yunzi and the other two straight off and left no chance for the three Dao Masters to fight back.

“What kind of strength this is?”

“They are all Dao Masters. But how could the gap between their strength levels be so striking?”

Even Jian Wushuang was still staring at this scene in complete disbelief.

The only ones that were not amazed by this were Xuan Yi, Bai Hu, and Purple Mountain.

“Boy, you are getting stronger and stronger, aren’t you?” Xuan Yi looked at Xue Lingtian and gave him a smile.

“Haha, Tian Yunzi and the other two have always stayed in the small Firmament Territory and played the role of bullies. They have no idea just how vast the Eternal World really is. They don’t travel, don’t go on adventures, and don’t bother to take me seriously, let alone First Senior Brother,” Bai Hu said, scoffing.

“Those three are really too ignorant. Otherwise, they would not have been so audacious in front of First Senior Brother,” Purple Mountain said, unconcerned. “They might be Dao Masters, but how can they be mentioned in the same breath as the famous Master Blood Saber?”

“Forget those three. Even you and I cannot withstand more than a couple of strikes from our First Senior Brother.” Bai Hu grunted with a sigh.

“Of course we can’t. After all, our First Senior Brother is the Dao Master who strode forth. He is much more powerful than us.” Purple Mountain nodded.

Being watched by everyone on the scene, Xue Lingtian was still very poised. He just stood there and remained silent.

At this point, Xuan Yi turned to look at Tian Yunzi and the other two. Beaming brightly, he said, “You three, now can we sit down and talk this over?”

Tian Yunzi and the other two exchanged a look. They were all sour-faced now.

“Palace Master Xuan Yi, our Boundless Demon Sect will take the full blame for today’s incident. No matter what you ask for, our Boundless Demon Sect will try to meet your requirements as much as possible. I only wish you could show mercy, Palace Master Xuan Yi, and spare our lives today,” Demon Master Su said honestly.

“Really?” Xuan Yi raised his eyebrows.

Hearing these words, the experts of all the sects suddenly burst into an uproar.

“She is pleading for mercy! The Demon Master of the Boundless Demon Sect, a Dao Master, is pleading for mercy in person?”

“Well, so what if she is a Dao Master? She is still a human being. Facing someone far more powerful than her, what else can she do other than plead for mercy? Look for more trouble?”

“I never saw that coming. Never. I actually thought this time Xuan Yi would really suffer. But who thought it could turn out like this?”

Scattered murmurs sounded from the surroundings.

Demon Master Su blushed with embarrassment, feeling too ashamed to show her face. However, she had no other alternative. In order to save her life, to save her Boundless Demon Sect, she had to do so.

On both sides of her, Tian Yunzi and Emperor Tu were both trembling. They exchanged significant looks and soon made up their minds. Then, they spoke, one after the other.

“Palace Master Xuan Yi, this is all the fault of my Cloud Sea Asgard. No matter what you want, Cloud Sea Asgard will try its best to satisfy you.”

“So will my Immortal Dynasty.”

Within a few seconds, Tian Yunzi, Emperor Tu, and Demon Master Su, the rulers of the three magnates, bowed their heads towards Xuan Yi.

Of course, the one they were really bowing to was Xue Lingtian.

What happened a moment ago was incredibly dreadful. The three would never ever forget his saber that struck swiftly before they could react.

Xue Lingtian’s formidable strength had completely astonished them.