Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 786: A Sky-high Compensation!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Seeing Tian Yunzi, Emperor Tu, and Demon Master Su all admitting defeat, Bai Hu could not help but burst out laughing. “They do know where the wind blows.”

Xuan Yi looked over at them with a smile and said, “Now that you three have all admitted that today’s matter is all your fault, I’ll tell you a thing or two.”

“A hundred years ago, you three magnates all attacked my disciple in an attempt to kill him. Thanks to his good luck, he survived the assassination launched by your experts. However, he was still forced to stay in a place as dangerous as the Eternal Zone for a hundred years.”

“But today, when he came out of the Eternal Zone, he once again was persecuted by you. You’re the three top magnates, but you sent so many experts to bully my disciple together. I, his master, can never stand by and let you bully him…”

Xuan Yi said leisurely. But before he finished, the grim-faced Tian Yunzi chimed in. “Xuan Yi, no need to beat around the bush. Just tell us what compensation you want.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Emperor Tu and Demon Master Su also turned to look at Xuan Yi.

They knew very well that what Xuan Yi just said was all bullsh*t.

The real thing that determined success or failure was one’s strength!

Xuan Yi and his lot were truly stronger than them. Thus, they could only admit defeat. Without such strength, no matter what Xuan Yi said, it would still be useless.

Since Xuan Yi did not intend to kill them or get back at them, there was only one possibility about his true agenda, which was naturally to try to rake in more benefits from the three magnates.

As Xuan Yi said before, if the three of them did not pay a huge price, they would not leave this place alive.

And they, as well as all the experts on the scene, were fully aware of what that high price was.

“Well, you guys are quite candid. In this case, I shall just spit it out.”

Xuan Yi smiled. He looked gentle and mild as usual, but his eyes turned slightly crafty. “I have three requirements. If you agree to satisfy my requirements, I will immediately take off with my disciples.”

“Three requirements?” Tian Yunzi squinted a little. “Say it, what are the three requirements?”

Emperor Tu and Demon Master Su also gritted their teeth and prepared themselves to make a huge sacrifice.

“The first one, and the simplest, is that you three magnates shall work together and collect some Divine Gems for me,” Xuan Yi said with a smile.

“Divine Gems?” Tian Yunzi and the other two looked surprised.

The Divine Gem was the commonest currency in the Eternal World.

Each of the three magnates had accumulated huge stocks of Divine Gems. A hundred years ago when Xuan Yi was enraged, he asked the Immortal Dynasty and Boundless Demon Sect to compensate him with 10 million Divine Gems. The two handed those Divine Gems over without blinking. Based on this, you could imagine how affluent the three magnates were.

The three thought Xuan Yi would propose something outrageous. However, to their surprise, the first requirement he made was just to ask for some Divine Gems.

“How many Divine Gems do you want?” Tian Yunzi asked, scowling.

“Not many, not many. Just a billion.” Xuan Yi gave a faint smile.

“What?” The eyes of experts around them instantly widened.

And the experts of the three magnates all looked infuriated.

Tian Yunzi, Emperor Tu, and Demon Master Su also trembled with shock.

How was a billion Divine Gems “not many”?

It should be noted that a normal Eternal Realm expert would usually only have about one million Divine Gems. Therefore, the value of one billion Divine Gems was a thousand times the fortune a normal Eternal Realm expert could possess!

What a large number it was!

Although the three magnates were wealthy enough that they could take out 10 million Divine Gems without blinking, it was painful for them to pay out 100 million Divine Gems in a lump sum.

But a billion Divine Gems?

None of the three magnates had any way of handing in so many Divine Gems without depleting their treasury.

“A billion Divine Gems! Xuan Yi, how dare you to ask for so many!” Tian Yunzi bellowed, and his face darkened to the fullest.

“I’m just asking for some Divine Gems. Do you really have to react this way? Well, I’m not requiring each of you to hand in a billion Divine Gems. I just want your three magnates to give me that amount altogether. On average, each of you shall merely pay around 300 million Divine Gems. It’s not a big deal for you guys.” Xuan Yi smiled casually.

All three of them looked livid.

How could 300 million Divine Gems not be a big deal?

Xuan Yi was really unabashed in his request!

Actually, although the Ancient Sect was the top sect of the nine best in the Firmament Territory, if we sold the whole Ancient Sect out except for its Sect Master, Xuan Yi, and his three Dao Master disciples, the gains would not be as much as 300 million Divine Gems.

“Humph!”

At the sight of the reluctant expressions of the three, Xuan Yi abruptly let out a snort and said with a deep voice, “What’s the matter? Do you think I’m extorting you? How ridiculous. Think! Didn’t I have to pay some price to summon my three disciples here with such short notice?”

“Pay some price?” Tian Yunzi and the other two were nonplussed.

The experts on all sides also cast their eyes on Xuan Yi.

Xuan Yi explained coldly, “You know that my three disciples have long since left the Firmament Territory and gone to places far away. If they traveled on foot, even though they are Dao Masters, it will take them decades or even a hundred years to cross such long distances. They may never be able to return again, not to mention that they could be delayed, which will take them even longer to arrive here.”

“Then, how did the three arrive here so fast?”

“The answer is simple. All the three of them just came back through the wormholes under the exclusive control of the Void Temple. Think about what a facility the Void Temple is, how grand their wormholes are. Maybe you three already know what high price a man has to pay for using a wormhole in the Void Temple once?”

“Void Temple?” Tian Yunzi, Emperor Tu, and Demon Master Su all narrowed their eyes.

Although they had spent most of their life ruling the Firmament Territory, they still learned a lot about the legendary Void Temple.

They were also perfectly clear about how expensive it could be to use a wormhole of the Void Temple once.

Even a Dao Master would feel distressed about paying such a price.

“The three disciples of mine all used the wormholes of the Void Temple to get here in the shortest time. Each time they used the wormholes, it cost them 100 million Divine Gems per person. It cost them 300 million to simply come here. If you include their returning fees, it will add up to 600 million,” Xuan Yi said in a low voice.

“Besides, the three were actually all in the middle of doing something. But they had to put off their own businesses to support their Junior Brother. Shouldn’t you pay for these losses?”

“Adding up the fee for using the wormholes, the cost of their time and their delayed businesses, I’m already doing you a favor by only asking for a billion Divine Gems. How can you be so ungrateful?”

While speaking, an indignant expression appeared on Xuan Yi’s face.