Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 794: Before the Departure

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“The Univeral Dao Scripture?”

Xuan Yi laughed. “You’re over-analyzing this. The Univeral Dao Scripture is unusually powerful, but not to the extent that it can change the soul and bloodline that a man has inherited since his birth. Therefore, the fact that you have the bloodline of the Ancient God Clan is not directly related to the Univeral Dao Scripture.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“It’s not because of the Univeral Dao Scripture?” Jian Wushuang’s eyebrows were deeply furrowed now.

If it was not because of the Univeral Dao Scripture, where did his Ancient God bloodline come from?

Was he really born with it?

But he has been born in the Sword Marquis Mansion. He was a descendant of the Sword Ancestor, who had nothing to do with the Ancient God Clan. He could not have inherited the bloodline of the Ancient God Clan from his father’s family.

“Could it be my mother?” Jian Wushuang’s expression changed suddenly.

It was clear that his father’s bloodline had no connection with the Ancient God Clan.

But his mother…Well, Jian Wushuang still had no idea who his mother really was.

If his mother did have something to do with the Ancient God Clan, that might be the real cause.

“Well—”

Heaving a sigh, Jian Wushuang stopped his ruminations. He lifted his head. His eyes were filled with determination.?He said, “There are more puzzles in my head now. Seems that the only thing I can do now is to improve my strength. When I become powerful enough, I’ll search for the answers one by one.”

After talking with Xuan Yi for a while, Jian Wushuang was ready to depart.

Before leaving, he bid farewell to the friends who had joined the Ancient Sect with him.

Jian Wushuang reunited with Feng, Huo Ying, Bing Shan, Xuan Ying, and Wu Huang on the Enlightenment Mountain, where the six of them drank and chatted.

All of them were from the Ancient World. They had been chosen by Xuan Yi after displaying their talents during the Firmament Territory Feast and had been brought to the Ancient Sect at the same time.

Apart from Jian Wushuang, Feng had the greatest achievement among the six of them. He had reached the level of the superior Divine Realm expert. Given that his master, Palace Master Destruction, was teaching him personally, it was only a matter of time before he broke through the Eternal Realm.

As for the other four, although they were all Divine Realm experts, their achievements were limited and their chances of breaking through the Eternal Realm were quite slim.

“Jian Wushuang, among all the guys I’ve met, I admire you most. You’re just a Divine Realm expert, but you defeated all the Eternal Realm experts of the three magnates. That’s unbelievable.” Huo Ying raised his cup and exclaimed.

The story of that battle had long since spread across the entire Firmament Territory. Everyone, including the Ancient Sect disciples, was aware of Jian Wushuang’s remarkable showing at the battle. Now, those disciples regarded Jian Wushuang as their role model and could not help singing his praises when they traveled outside.

After all, Jian Wushuang was a member of their Ancient Sect.

“Jian Wushuang, I heard you are going to leave the Firmament Territory and travel around the world?” Feng looked at Jian Wushuang and asked.

“Yeah.” Jian Wushuang nodded and smiled. “I’m here just to say goodbye to you guys.”

“Tut, tut. Leaving the Firmament Territory! Master once mentioned that traveling alone outside without the strength of an Eternal Realm expert was courting death. If we did that, we might get killed by bandits wandering about. But you, you’ve only stayed in the Eternal World for a hundred years. Yet you’re ready to go outside by yourself. That’s impressive!” Feng was effusive in his praise.

“Haha.” Jian Wushuang laughed. Then, he raised his cup and said, “Stop flattering me. Come on, let’s drink.”

The six continued to drink.

Their drinking feast lasted for one day and one night.

Thereafter, Jian Wushuang sent a message to Palace Master Xuan Yi and then left the Ancient Sect.

The moment Jian Wushuang took off, Palace Master Xuan Yi summoned all the Palace Masters of the Dao Palace and the top-level experts of the Ancient Sect.

In a magnificent hall, Palace Master Xuan Yi sat at the highest spot and looked down at the experts of the Ancient Sect as he gave his orders.

“From now on, our Ancient Sect has no Sword Palace!”

Xuan Yi’s booming voice reverberated through the hall. His words shocked every expert, but he continued without showing any concern.

“I’ll create a new palace. As for the name…just call it the Staff Palace!”

Following its predecessors, the Saber Palace, the Spear Palace, the Axe Palace, and the Sword Palace, the Staff Palace was finally established in the Ancient Sect.

…

After leaving the Ancient Sect, Jian Wushuang did not hurry to get out of the Firmament Territory.

This was because there was an important thing he needed to do before he left.

The sky was azure blue and as clear as a polished porcelain plate.

In the midst of a mountain range,?lightning struck continuously and formed a vast sea of thunderbolts which surrounded a huge sect.

This was the Universal Thunder Sect!

The Universal Thunder Sect was a very powerful medium sect in the Firmament Territory.

Among the medium sects in the Firmament Territory, the Universal Thunder Sect was regarded as one of the best, which was only second in the nine top-ranking sects in the Firmament Territory.

“Swoosh!”

A figure suddenly appeared in the Void over the sect.

“Universal Thunder Sect!”

Clothed in a black robe with a longsword strapped to his back, Jian Wushuang looked down at the sect with a cold expression on his face.

Jian Wushuang was very familiar with the Universal Thunder Sect.

The Universal Thunder Sect was the first sect in the Eternal World that he had engaged.

Back then, he had struggled to hunt down Su Ming, the man who had betrayed the Bloodline of the Sword Ancestor. Jian Wushuang had even overcome the Dark Emperor, a top three expert in the Ancient World, who had barred his way. But in the end, he had still failed to kill Su Ming.

It was because when Su Ming was in the Ancient World, he had obtained a token of a Universal Thunder Sect expert.

Just as Jian Wushuang was about to murder Su Ming, the latter had crumbled the token. In an instant, a Divine Realm expert of the Universal Thunder Sect had descended and spirited Su Ming away. At that time, Su Ming had begged the Divine Realm expert to kill Jian Wushuang on the spot. But fortunately, Di Jing had launched an attack and saved Jian Wushuang’s life.

Later, when Jian Wushuang arrived at the Eternal World, he had kept an eye on the Universal Thunder Sect. Being a medium sect, the Universal Thunder Sect had multiple Eternal Realm experts to guarantee their security. Jian Wushuang was only a disciple of the Ancient Sect. Without employing the power of the Ancient Sect, Jian Wushuang was powerless against the Universal Thunder Sect.

Now, the situation had changed.

“According to the files I attained from the Ancient Sect,?there are a total of five Eternal Realm experts in the Universal Thunder Sect. But their strength levels are just average. The strongest one among them only has battle strength at Step Three, and the Protective Array they have is not too powerful.”

“I can totally wipe out this kind of sect by myself!”

The killing intent rose up in Jian Wushuang’s eyes.

Su Ming had betrayed and destroyed his ancestor. He was responsible for the irreversible decline of the Bloodline of the Sword Ancestor. Back then, Su Ming had pushed Jian Wushuang against the wall. Now, Jian Wushuang was definitely going to take revenge on him.

“Su Ming must be killed!”

Jian Wushuang clenched his fists. Instantly, a stream of frightening killing intent was directed towards the sect with immense pressure.