Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 795: The Universal Thunder Sect

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Rumbling sounds were heard as formidable pressure penetrated the Protective Array of the Universal Thunder Sect.

The entire area of the Universal Thunder Sect started to tremble.

Many Warriors leaped up in alarm.

“Who is it?”

The five Eternal Realm experts of the Universal Thunder Sect were also alerted. They immediately appeared in the Void above the Universal Thunder Sect.

The five stood side by side. One of them was a purple-haired elder whose forehead bore a mark in the shape of a thundercloud.

The purple-haired elder scowled at Jian Wushuang. He could feel that Jian Wushuang was the cause of the horrible pressure that made him shudder.

“A Divine Realm expert?” The purple-haired elder was astonished. “How can a Divine Realm expert exert so much pressure? Could he be…”

“It’s him, it’s Jian Wushuang.” A woman behind him shrieked in shock. “At the Firmament Territory Feast, I met him in the Skyward Pavilion. I’m sure it’s him.”

“Jian Wushuang?”

On hearing his name, the five Eternal Realm experts of the Universal Thunder Sect felt a chill.

Jian Wushuang was no longer the man he was a hundred years ago.

Not long ago when the Eternal Zone was opened, the three magnates had put in their best efforts to take on Jian Wushuang. But they had failed.

Jian Wushuang’s strength was widely known. Although he was merely a Divine Realm expert, his true power was much greater than any of them.

The Universal Thunder Sect could ill afford to mess with an illustrious figure like him.

Reflecting on this, the purple-haired elder gave an embarrassed smile and said humbly, “Are you the young fellow Jian Wushuang from the Ancient Sect?”

“Yes, I am.” Jian Wushuang answered coldly.

“I am Lei Yan, the Vice Sect Master of the Universal Thunder Sect. I wonder what instructions you have for us today?”

“Vice Sect Master?” Jian Wushuang’s eyes narrowed. “Where is your Sect Master?”

“Young fellow, our Universal Thunder Sect has a total of three Sect Masters. But they left for their travels long ago,?so they’re not in our sect now.” Lei Yan said.

“Oh?”

Jian Wushuang nodded. He knew that regardless of their sects, all experts in the Firmament Territory who were ambitious and craved for more strength would venture outside when their strength reached a certain level.

The same went for the three Sect Masters of the Universal Thunder Sect.

“Lei Yan, I’ll cut to the chase. A disciple of the Universal Thunder Sect is my foe. If you hand him over to me, I’ll take off straight away and not lay a finger on your Universal Thunder Sect.” Jian Wushuang said in a deep voice.

“An implacable foe?” Lei Yan was appalled. “Who has been so ignorant to provoke you? My young fellow, tell us who he is. Even if you don’t act, our Universal Thunder Sect will immediately kill him to give vent to your indignation.”

“This man’s name is Su Ming. A hundred years ago, someone from the Universal Thunder Sect picked him up from the Ancient World. ” Jian Wushuang said.

“Su Ming?” Lei Yan was confused momentarily, but soon understanding dawned on him. “It’s him!”

“Seems that you know who I’m looking for, right?” Jian Wushuang’s lips curled. “Hand him over.”

Lei Yan gave a bitter smile and said, “My young fellow Jian Wushuang, sorry, I can’t hand him over.”

“What did you say?” Jian Wushuang’s face darkened. The killing intent that had initially subsided now re-emerged.

“Please calm down, my young fellow.” Lei Yan’s face was sour. “It’s not that our Universal Thunder Sect is unwilling to give him to you. It’s because he already left our Universal Thunder Sect a long time ago.”

“Left?” Jian Wushuang’s expression altered.

“Yes, he left.” Lei Yan continued to explain. “I know Su Ming. He had in his possession something that Sect Master Lei Xin had left in the Ancient World, so Sect Master Lei Xin dispatched a man to bring him here from the Ancient World.”

“He did stay in our Universal Thunder Sect for some time. But he left us. It’s been over a hundred years since he left. Well, I remember it was exactly the time when the Firmament Territory Feast had concluded and you started to be famous that Sect Master Lei Xin sent his men to see Su Ming off.”

“Really? You’re not tricking me, are you?” Jian Wushuang looked into Lei Yan’s eyes.

“I wouldn’t dare, young fellow. If you don’t believe me, I can shut down the Protective Array of our Universal Thunder Sect and let you in to make a careful search.” As he finished his words, Lei Yan sent a guy to shut down the Protective Array.

Jian Wushuang realized that Lei Yan was telling the truth.

“The Sect Master Lei Xin whom you mentioned is one of the three Sect Masters of your Universal Thunder Sect, isn’t he?”Jian Wushuang demanded.

“Yes.” Lei Yan nodded. “Sect Master Lei Xin has long since left us and has been traveling. He hasn’t returned for a long period. Su Ming was lucky to find the token left by Sect Master Lei Xin in the Ancient World and got himself connected to Sect Master Lei Xin. Before Su Ming, Sect Master Lei Xin had no disciples. Judging from the current situation, he is going to take Su Ming in as his disciple, and this is why he sent Su Ming away.”

“Do you know where Sect Master Lei Xin is?” Jian Wushuang asked.

“Yes, I do. Sect Master Lei Xin is on the Cercis Island. And he seems to have joined an influential organization.” Lei Yan replied honestly.

“Cercis Island?” Something occurred to Jian Wushuang. He took out the Star Map that Xue Lingtian had given him and started to peruse that map. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

A few seconds later, he spotted the whereabouts of the Cercis Island.

“It’s here, near the Kingdom Tang of the Eastern Land?” Jian Wushuang’s eyes gleamed.

He had planned to head to the Kingdom Tang of the Eastern Land first. And the Cercis Island happened to be on the route that he would be taking.

After passing the Cercis Island, he would reach the Kingdom Tang of the Eastern Land.

“Great, Cercis Island is on the way to that kingdom.” Jian Wushuang smiled. He cast a look at Lei Yan and his companions and said, “Excuse me.”

As his words faded, Jian Wushuang leaped up and vanished from sight.

Watching Jian Wushuang disappear, Lei Yan and the other four Eternal Realm experts of the Universal Thunder Sect heaved sighs of relief.

They were worried that Jian Wushuang would vent his anger on the Universal Thunder Sect because of Su Ming. With Jian Wushuang’s abilities, it was no problem for him to destroy the entire Universal Thunder Sect.

“Never thought that the disciple Sect Master Lei Xin had taken in is a sworn enemy of Jian Wushuang. Now, we’re in trouble.” An Eternal Realm expert blurted.

“Lei Yan, what shall we do now?” The other Eternal Realm experts all turned to look at Lei Yan.

At present, it was Lei Yan who was in charge of the Universal Thunder Sect.

“Send a message to Sect Master Lei Xin and tell him to handle this matter.” Lei Yan said.

“Tip him off?” The rest were taken aback.

If they warned Sect Master Lei Xin, would they upset Jian Wushuang?

“Our Universal Thunder Sect truly cannot piss off Jian Wushuang. That’s a fact. Sect Master Lei Xin is one of the three Sect Masters of our Universal Thunder Sect. He can’t forbid us from sending our Sect Master a message, can he?” Lei Yan grunted. In reality, he was unsure about the answer as well.