Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 824: The First Streak of Sword Essence!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Whoosh! Whoosh!

The two guards hurtled back almost at the same time.

“How could this be?”

“This Puppet Fighter is really powerful!”

They all wore wide eyes and agape jaws as they looked on in shock.

They went all out and joined their hands, but were still frustrated by the fist.

This Puppet Fighter’s power far exceeded their expectations.

While the Puppet Fighter battled the two guards, Jian Wushuang turned to deal with Xia Yan.

Whew!

He charged Xia Yan like a huge magic sword, piercing through the void.

A sliver of dark gold light flashed in his eyes as he looked at him.

“You wish me dead?”

“But I’d love to witness who the dead one will truly be!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

As Jian Wushuang growled, his killing intent enveloped Xia Yan.

“Shit!”

Xia Yan grimaced with a gloomy expression when seeing this.

Despite his insatiable desire to kill Jian Wushuang, he admitted that he was no match for him.

Back then on the Blood Battle Arena, Jian Wushuang defeated him with three weak strikes. Now, if Jian Wushuang went all out, he would be killed without question.

Xia Yan remained calm at such a critical point and took out a copper sheet.

The copper sheet looked normal, however, as he squeezed it tightly, the copper twisted and released an enormous power.

Kaboom!

The sky darkened and all the nearby creatures trembled.

The power all flowed to one place in the air, forming a huge bronze palm.

The palm was so large that it covered half of the area and seemed able to destroy everything there.

Hidden behind the palm, Xia Yan looked at Jian Wushuang with a ferocious smile while reflecting,?“I had thought that those two guards could kill you all by themselves, but I didn’t expect your trump card—the Puppet Fighter. Now, I’ve shown you my trump card as well. You must feel proud.”

“Go kill him!”

As Xia Yan hollered the order in a low voice, the bronze palm immediately fell toward Jian Wushuang, crushing the void and everything in its path.

Where it passed, space burst, causing a spatial turbulence in a large area.

“Is this a Dao Master’s power?”

Jian Wushuang swallowed hard while staring at the palm.

It was so large and powerful that Jian Wushuang felt himself a tiny ant before an elephant.

Its power paralyzed him.

“His power lives up to his status as the second master of the Xia Clan.”?Jian Wushuang’s eyes narrowed in a chilling manner, managing?to remain calm.

There was never a time when he did not take it for granted that Xia Yan, the second master of the Xia Clan, owned a lifesaving item.

He witnessed him eliminate an Emperor Weapon before.

Therefore, it was certain that a person who possessed an Emperor Weapon would have some lifesaving items.

“It’s time to use my lifesaving item!”?Jian Wushuang’s eyes narrowed even more as he took out a token.

He received the token from his master, Xuan Yi, and inside it resided three streaks of Sword Essence.

Using his will, he got hold of the first streak of Sword Essence.

“Then, it will be a battle between your palm and my Sword Essence.”?Jian Wushuang ground his teeth.

Just as the bronze palm was about to fall and crush him, a slight echo of the sword sounded.

Following that, a dazzling sword light flashed where he stood.

The light was thin and short, about two meters in length.

However, there lay a formidable power behind it.

The light shot forward and cut the void open, leaving a black gap.

At an amazing speed, it hit right at the palm, behind which was the full power of a Dao Master.

A loud slashing sound echoed throughout the place when the light cut the palm into two parts down the middle.

From the cut, a great amount of power radiated wildly toward the surroundings.

The light was not weakened after it hit the palm; it came slashing toward Xia Yan under Jian Wushuang’s will.

Shing!

The light was blindingly fast.

It slashed through Xia Yan’s body before he could react.

He remained what he looked like before, only his bulged eyes were full of horror and disbelief.

Making a lifesaving item and storing power in it was very hard, therefore, Xia Yan’s copper sheet proved extremely precious.

It had taken a powerful Dao Master in his clan a lot of time to make it at a cost. Though some power had been lost during its storage, the power it released rivaled that of a Dao Master.

His father gave him this precious thing with the hope it could save his life someday in an emergency.

That was the only lifesaving item he owned despite his noble background.

He never dreamed that Jian Wushuang’s lifesaving item was much more powerful than his.

So much more powerful, in fact.

The power behind that light could overpower a Dao Master easily.

After crumbling the bronze palm, it killed Xia Yan, and even after that, the light still radiated a mighty power.

Under Jian Wushuang’s will, the sword light flashed toward the two guards.

“Who created this sword light?”

With this question, Xia Yan lost the last trace of his consciousness.

The second master of the Xia Clan, the former number one Divine Realm expert in the Eternal World died!