Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 826: Divergent Blood Stones

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

After a careful check, Jian Wushuang was surprised by what he had found in Xia Yan’s Interspatial Ring.

“The Second Master of the Xia Clan is indeed rich. He has a half billion Divine Gems in his ring.”?Jian Wushuang let out a low cry.

In the Eternal World, the total assets of an average Dao Master would be about a billion Divine Gems.

It was such a great number that when the three magnates in the Firmament Territory were asked to give out this amount of Divine Gems, they were distressed.

However, as a Divine Realm expert, Xia Clan had possessed half a billion Divine Gems, which was amazing!

Apart from the Divine Gems, Jian Wushuang also found many treasures in Xia Yan’s Interspatial Ring, including some natural treasures, many of which he did not recognize. Those things could also be of great value.

Besides those, he also found some superior and precious Secret Skills. Though there was not a great number of them, they were worth a lot all the same.

After a count, Jian Wushuang estimated that the value of Xia Yan’s Interspatial Ring was as much as the total assets of a Dao Master.

Among all the treasures in the ring, three of them held the most value.

The first one was the purple saber that Xia Yan had used to battle Jian Wushuang in the Blood Battle Arena.

The saber was, in fact, an Emperor Weapon, a weapon that would be valued even by a Dao Master. However, to Jian Wushuang, it was useless, thus he decided to exchange it for some other treasures or Divine Gems when it was necessary.

The second treasure was a mysterious scroll.

The scroll looked ancient, and from it, Jian Wushuang sensed a trace of terrifying Sword Essence.

At first glance, Jian Wushuang had a feeling that the scroll would be very useful to him in cultivating the Sword Principle someday.

Without a doubt, he knew the scroll was a rare treasure related to Sword Principle.

To his disappointment, there was a complicated Restriction on the scroll preventing him from opening it. He figured that it must be very hard to open it; otherwise, Xia Yan would have managed to do so, as it had been in his possession for some time.

If he was unable, there would have been many Restriction-makers in his clan to help him. Therefore, if the Restriction on the scroll could have been removed, anyone of them would have done so.

“This scroll is unusual. I can’t open it now, but, Master is skillful and excellent in refining weapons, elixirs, and making puppets, as well as Formations. When I return back to the sect, I can ask him for help. He may know how to open it,”?Jian Wushuang thought.

Thinking of this, he put the scroll away and turned to the last one of the three most precious treasures.

He was very happy with what he saw.

Among the three treasures, this one surprised even more than the others.

This treasure was called the Divergent Blood Stone.

“The Divergent Blood Stone is a rare treasure which can attack people’s consciousness.”?He had gotten the information from inside the Divergent Blood Stone.

More accurately, The Divergent Blood Stone was a magic weapon made by human beings.

However, it was quite unique.

Like other magic weapons, the Divergent Blood Stone could greatly increase people’s offensive power, but the power was also related to consciousness attacks.

This kind of attack could damage an opponent’s consciousness and potentially could completely destroy it.

There were also some other skills in the Eternal World that could affect people’s consciousness, such as Illusion Skill, but those skills could only bewilder and cause people to hallucinate, they would not actually harm their consciousness.

Therefore, they were not actually attacks on the consciousness.

The skills that could attack people’s consciousness were extremely rare in the Eternal World, the odds of finding someone who knew of such skills was one in a million.

After all, consciousness was too abstruse, and only by obscure means could an expert create it.

Therefore, consciousness attacks were rarely seen in that world.

For those who mastered consciousness attacks, The Divergent Blood Stone was of great use, but for those who had not, it would be rendered useless.

The reason why Jian Wushuang was so happy when he saw the Divergent Blood Stone was that he had mastered one of the consciousness attacking skills.

The Mind-controlling Secret Skill—one of the three great Secret Skills of the Ancient God Clan.

A skill which was designed as an attack on the consciousness.

Back when he was still learning the skill in the Ancient God Clan, he had tried to use it several times, but, because of his low status as a Divine Realm expert at that time, he was unable to practice it at a higher level.

As a result, even if he displayed the skill with all his power, it would have little effect on the Three or Four Steps experts.

As for those experts above Five Steps, as long as their consciousnesses were not damaged or they were not in a panic, they would be unaffected by the Mind-controlling Secret Skill even if they did not anticipate the attack.

“As I grow stronger, the opponents I meet are also more powerful, and most of them are Five and even Six Steps experts. In light of this, I can hardly use Mind-controlling Secret Skill to battle them, but now, with the help of the Divergent Blood Stone, that’s all changed.”?Jian Wushuang’s eyes were full of joy.

This stone would greatly enhance his consciousness attack.

The Mind-controlling Secret Skill would be much more powerful now that it will be supported by the Divergent Blood Stone.

Without hesitation, Jian Wushuang started binding the stone. He met no resistance during the process, and the stone quickly merged into his body. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

“Mind-controlling Secret Skill!” He attempted to display Mind-controlling Secret Skill again.

A magic power flowed through the Divergent Blood Stone and then swept over him. Because he did not use the skill on a human being, he could not see the specific effect, but he could tell it was ten times more powerful than before.

That was to say, now, this skill could not only affect the Three and Four Steps experts but also the Six Steps experts.