Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 860: Blood-Sky Sword

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The Divine Sea!

It was vast and magnificent.

After Jian Wushuang joined the Blood Eagle Guard, he had cultivated in seclusion in the Divine Sea for a month.

He had made great progress during this period of time.

Once again, he had received the opportunity to enter the Divine Sea and could even stay for two months this time.

He was not going to waste a second of it.

Once inside the Divine Sea, he immediately began soaking himself in the blood sea. Hot and strange energy entered his body through his pores, permeating his Sword Heart and body. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

It was just as comfortable as it had been the last time he experienced it.

Jian Wushuang relaxed, allowing the hot energy to soak in.

At the same time, he devoted all of his energy to the study of the first sword formation of the Ninth-heaven Sword Formation.

The Ninth-heaven Sword Formation was so enigmatic and complicated that Jian Wushuang failed to gain any insight, even after meditating on it for half a month. However, once he entered the Divine Sea, its special effect improved his comprehensive ability greatly, making it much easier for him to meditate on it.

Time flew by.

Two months later, Jian Wushuang walked out of the Divine Sea.

“The Divine Sea is really magical. Since I’ve already benefitted from it once before, I thought that I wouldn’t have a big harvest this time. However, it turned out to be even bigger,”?Jian Wushuang’s eyes sparkled with excitement.

He stayed in the Divine Sea longer, so it was only natural that he made greater progress.

His Sword heart and body had been greatly enhanced. Especially his Sword Heart, which had reached the top of Level Four, only one step away from Level Five.

“Every steps?forward for my Sword Heart is very difficult. It usually takes an ordinary Eternal Realm expert many years to even see a slight improvement. But, because I was able to enter the Divine Sea twice, its special effect saved me a lot of time,”?Jian Wushuang thought with a smile.

What really made him happy was that he finally managed to master the first sword formation after meditating on it for two months.

“I have already comprehended the sword formation. Now I only need to obtain some magic weapons and gain some practical experience,”?he thought while clenching his fists. Then he immediately headed for the Treasure Vault of the Blood Eagle Guard.

“I need sword-type magic weapons at the Eternal Realm level, and they should be identical if possible,” Jian Wushuang said.

“Wait a minute,” The Spirit of the Treasure Vault replied. It quickly gave him a list of treasures.

Jian Wushuang started to read it carefully.

There were many kinds of standard sword-type magic weapons that were at the Eternal Realm Level in the Blood Eagle Guard Treasure Vault.

Their power and appearance were exactly the same, so they were suitable for his sword formation.

Jian Wushuang finally focused on a standard-manufactured magic weapon named “Blood-sky Sword”.

The Blood-sky Sword was a Peak-level Eternal Weapon with an extremely slim and sharp sword blade.

“The most terrifying aspect of the Ninth-heaven Sword Formation is its speed and power. Therefore, sharp swords are definitely the most suitable. In addition, the Blood-sky Sword is of extremely high level.”?Jian Wushuang nodded.

Peak-level Eternal Weapons were the highest among all Eternal Weapons. Anything higher would be an Emperor Weapon.

Jian Wushuang had thought of using Emperor Weapons to form the Ninth-heaven Sword Formation, but that meant he would need to collect 36 standard-manufactured Emperor Weapons, which was out of his reach right now.

Therefore, the Blood-sky Swords would be sufficient for now.

As a peak-level Eternal Weapon, the Blood-sky Sword was worth about 10 million Divine Gems in the market, so it costs him one thousand points in the Blood Eagle Guard Treasure Vault.

Jian Wushuang directly used 36 thousand points to exchange for 36 swords.

In addition, he also exchanged for some Natural Treasures which could enhance his body and some elixirs for healing or with other special effects, which cost him all the points he had earned by completing tasks over the past 15 years.

He even used all his Divine Gems to exchange for treasures.

He even bought some items which were strange but might be useful.

“I’m going to the Stellar Fog Sea, a place where points and Divine Gems are useless. I’m not sure whether I can survive, so it would be better to use the points and Divine Gems to improve my current strength.”

“Before entering the Stellar Fog Sea, any improvement in my strength will increase my chances of surviving.”

Jian Wushuang had a clear understanding of his situation.

After collecting enough treasures, he left the Blood Eagle Guard residence and went to a deep mountain, where he practiced the Ninth-heaven Sword Formation alone.

In a quiet valley.

Hum!

The shrill echoes of swords continuously resounded throughout the valley. In the center of the valley, dozens of sharp swords instantly combined with each other at an amazing speed.

The longswords instantly formed a two-foot scarlet longsword, which was surrounded by a strange aura. The scarlet longsword, which released an extremely terrifying aura, rushed forward under the manipulation of its master, Jian Wushuang.

Whoosh!

A streak of scarlet Flowing Light flashed forward like a meteor hurtling through the sky.

Swoosh! The sword light seemed to pierce through the sky, causing a huge hole to form in the area it passed through.

Its power was extremely terrifying.

However, this scarlet longsword suddenly trembled after rushing forward for less than a hundred meters and completely collapsed into dozens of Blood-sky Swords.

Using his will, Jian Wushuang summoned the 36 Blood-sky Swords back.

“I can manage to form the sword formation, but I still haven’t fully understood some of its special applications.”

“The most terrifying aspect of the first sword formation, Trackless Sword Move, is its speed. However, when I display it, it’s too slow.”

“It seems that I still need to practice more.”

This sword formation was too complicated. Even after Jian Wushuang mastered it, he still needed a certain amount of practice before he would be able to display its full power.

However, he was not discouraged at all.

From this day on, He kept practicing the Trackless Sword Move alone in this secluded valley.

He devoted himself to the practice of the sword formation.

Time flew by while he was practicing.