Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 873: Blood Demon

L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Inside the first level of the black tower.

Jian Wushuang and the Blood Demon stared at each other from a distance.

Jian Wushuang had turned into a Gold-armored Ancient God and had his Blood Mountain Sword in hand.

“Previously, the four of us failed to defeat him, but now it’s only me… However, I am much stronger now than I was before.”?A light flashing in Jian Wushuang’s eyes and he stepped forward aggressively.

Swoosh!

He shot forward like an arrow.

Jian Wushuang moved at an amazing speed, appearing directly in front of the Blood Demon while slashing out with his Blood Mountain Sword?at the same time.

The Blood Demon pulled out a hulking saber on his back immediately and hacked it like a thunderbolt.

They two bumped into each pther, causing a violent clash.

Jian Wushuang felt his arm was numb, a violet power rushing toward him, which made him stand back out of control.

“His power is really strong.”?Jian Wushuang sighed with emotion.

Speaking of strength, Jiu Zui’s strongest shot was well-matched with the Blood Demon’s blow. But now it was impossible for Jian Wushuang to defeat the Blood Demon only by vright of his swordsmanship if he did not exert Ninth-heaven Sword Formation.

“Since I can’t defeat him in strength, I can pin my hope on the killing skill.”?Jian Wushuang’s eyes turned cold, his swordsmanship exploding directly.

His swordsmanship was sometimes quick and violent like a thunderbolt, sometimes soft and durable, just like a ball of cotton.

Jian Wushuang put his swordsmanship into full play as well as the close-killing skill.

However, the Blood Demon showed a very horrible saber technique. His close offensive ability was on a par with Jian Wushuang.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

With several sounds of weapons colliding against, Jian Wushuang was powerless to beat back all the time.

Since the Blood Demon’s strength was extremely overwhelming, Jian Wushuang’s palm was shocked to bleed, and his blood was rolling up.

“I can’t defeat him. I really fall behind him in strength although we are well-matched on other aspects.”?Jian Wushuang shook his head.

He had planned to battle with the Blood Demon by his swordsmanship. It was obvious, however, that the Blood Demon was much more powerful than him.

“What I can rely on is Ninth-heaven Sword Formation.”

A light flashing in Jian Wushuang’s eyes, he took the opportunity to step back after another collision with the Blood Demon. In the meanwhile, sword shadows outburst from his Interspatial Ring.

“Condense!”

As Jian Wushuang said a word, 36 Blood-sky Swords appeared and rushed to form a scarlet longsword at a quick speed, radiating a terrifying aura .

“Go!”

A gleam of killing intent jumped in Jian Wushuang’s eyes and then the scarlet longsword shot up like a streak of lightning.

It was so quick that no shadow of it left in the air.

The Blood Demon was rushing to Jian Wushuang and tried to kill him at one stroke. As a falsh of blood shadow flitted unexpectedly, he had no time to withstand but beheaded by the shadow.

Seeing this, Jian Wushuang showed a slight smile and then he recalled the scarlet longsword and his Interspatial Ring.

“Hoo!”

Jian Wushuang breathed a sigh of relief, looked at the Blood Demon, “No wonder only 12 kings among so many Eternal Realm experts on Star Island can break through this level. This Blood Demon is really strong.”

Jian Wushuang had to admit this.

The Blood Demon was indeed mighty.

The Blood Demon was absolutely a nightmare for Eternal Realm experts.

The ordinary testees, even those with strong power, in the Sixth Step of the Eternal Realm would definitely get killed by the Blood Demon in a one-on-one battle.

Only those authentic Eternal Realm monsters were able to overcome the Blood Demon.

Jian Wushuang was destined to be overwhelmed by the Blood Demon without the help of Ninth-heaven Sword Formation. But now it was easy for him to kill the Blood Demon with the Formation.

“This Ninth-heaven Sword Formation is known as the strongest sword formation in the Eternal World. It really makes great difference in battle if I deploy it.”?Jian Wushuang spoke to himself.

Jian Wushuang quickly came to the Level Two of the black tower after passed the Level One.

What Jian Wushuang saw here was still a Blood Demon.

“What’s wrong??Another Blood Demon?”?Jian Wushuang frowned, looked at the robust figure in front of him, who was almost the same as the Blood Demon that he had killed in the Level One.

“Blood Mountain, now you’re in the Level Two of the black tower. Just like the Level One, all you need to do is to defeat the Blood Demon in front of you. But I have to remind you. The Blood Demon in the Level One and the one in the frog sea are low-graded Blood Demons.”

“This one in front of you is a high-class Blood Demon.” The Lord Spirit Sound’s voice lingered in Jian Wushuang’s heart once again.

Obviously the Lord Spirit Sound witnessed what Jian Wushuang had gone through in the black tower.

“High-class Blood Demon?” A dark cloud cast over Jian Wushuang’s face.

Only the lowest Blood Demon was strong enough to engulf most Eternal Realm experts.

How powerful the high-class Blood Demon was?!

Jian Wushuang learned his strength soon.

Jian Wushuang directly displayed Ninth-heaven Sword Formation rather than trying to fiercely battle with the high-class Blood Demon in the beginning, since he fully awared that this Blood Demon was much stronger.

Whoosh!

The scarlet longsword formed by the 36 Blood-sky Swords shot out to the high-class Blood Demon with a terrifying strong power.

It travelled at a stunning speed as before.

Jian Wushuang had just beheaded the low-grade Blood Demon by this move in the Level One.

But now his opponent was a high-class Blood Demon, so…

The moment the scarlet longsword had outburst, the high-class Blood Demon brandished his bulky saber at will.

Clang!

A metallic clash came out.

As the high-class Blood Demon hacked his saber at the scarlet longsword, breaking forth an erumpent power, which shuddered the scarlet longsword and disintegrated it at the next moment.

“What?”

After seeing that, Jian Wushuang was completely slack-jawed.

The Ninth-heaven Sword Formation was valuable in speed. The low-grade Blood Demon had had no time to react and but had been directly killed by it.

But this high-class Blood Demon managed to hold off the Ninth-heaven Sword Formation.

More than that, he even broke down the Ninth-heaven Sword Formation.

How powerful was he?

Boom!

After disintegrated Jian Wushuang’s Ninth-heaven Sword Formation, the high-class Blood Demon stamped his foot, smashing the ground, and then his bulky body appeared in front of Jian Wushuang in no time.