Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

877  Divine Yin Thunder

"Now I'm stuck in Star Island. And the most important thing is to get through the trials of the black tower. The frozen and snow-covered world can help me a lot indeed, but it can't assist me in greatly improving my strength," Jian Wushuang secretly denied it.

Such a Realm typed Secret Skill was used to suppress the opponent. Frankly speaking, it was only an auxiliary Secret Skill.

This Secret Skill had a wide range of uses.

Jian Wushuang had used this Secret Skill to head off the danger previously in the Ancient World.

If there was no special case, Jian Wushuang was much likely to select this Secret Skill.

However, he was stuck in Star Island, and only when he passed through the three trials of black tower could he leave here. So this moment what he needed most was a Secret Skill that could help him boost his offensive power or greatly increase his comprehensive strength so that he was able to pass through the trials quickly.

As such, this Secret Skill was obviously not suitable.

Jian Wushuang continued reading the following Secret Skills.

He was reading carefully the nine Secret Skill one by one.

After he read all the nine Secret Skills, Jian Wushuang's eyes finally stopped on a Secret Skill called Divine Yin Thunder.

"If you produce Divine Yin Thunder in your own body, you will have horribly destructive divine thunder which can be fused into your own powerful offensive. And every move is equipped with the power of divine thunder so that the offensive power explodes."

"Divine Yin Thunder consists of three Levels. As the Level grows, the power of divine thunder becomes more significant with its offensive power being stronger."

After reading the introduction of Divine Yin Thunder, Jian Wushuang had firmly focused on the Secret Skill.

"Produce Divine Yin Thunder so that it can be fused into your own powerful offensive. Then your offensive power explodes with your speed greatly enhancing." Jian Wushuang said, his eyes twinkling with cunning lights.

The strongest Killing Move of him was exactly Ninth-heaven Sword Formation.

Ninth-heaven Sword Formation was famous for its speed and power, which was dreadful.

Divine Yin Thunder could enhance the power of Ninth-heaven Sword Formation by a notch on the original basis.

Make perfection more perfect!

It would be an optimal choice for Jian Wushuang.

"Lord Spirit Sound, I've decided to cultivate Divine Yin Thunder," Jian Wushuang said directly.

"Well," Lord Spirit Sound said smilingly, raising his eyebrow. "You're so smart. You know Divine Yin Thunder is not the strongest one among the nine Secret Skills, but it best fits your situation."

Lord Spirit Sound said while waved his hand. The Jade Slip where Divine Yin Thunder was recorded had a Restriction around it, but now the Restriction had been cracked.

"Now you can easily get the technique of cultivating the Secret Skill. However, keep in mind that you must cultivate on your own, but you can't teach others. Of course, if you have a chance to leave here later, you can do whatever you want with this Secret Skill. It's out of my reach at that time. On Star Island, I'll set the rules." Lord Spirit Sound said.

"Understood," Jian Wushuang nodded, as his awareness readily moved to the Jade Slip.

The moment his awareness shifted to the Jade Slip, a constant flow of messages popped up in his mind.

These messages were exactly the cultivation technique of the three Levels of Divine Yin Thunder. Just for a moment, Jian Wushuang had remembered all the messages.

"There is a token, with which you can enter the palace of Yin Thunder any time you want to cultivate. And the palace is specialized for people who cultivate Divine Yin Thunder." Lord Spirit Sound said.

"Thanks." Jian Wushuang thanked him, taking the token surprisedly.

"Okay, you can go now," said Lord Spirit Sound, waving his hand.

Jian Wushuang didn't hesitate to take a bow to Lord Spirit Sound and turned around to walk away.

After stepping out of the pavilion, Qian Yu who had been waiting out there came up.

"How do you feel it?" Jian Wushuang asked.

"Not bad," Jian Wushuang smiled, extremely surprised.

"Haha, that is the strongest one of the nine Secret Skills on Star Island. Even Dao Master always envied it. It's terrific that you have that now." Qian Yu said smilingly, "Well, I'll show you two opportunity places on Star Island. Then you can find a deserted courtyard there to stay yourself."

"The Star Island is so big that there are so many places you can stay."

"Okay," Jian Wushuang nodded smilingly and said. "Qian Yu, how long have you stayed on Star Island? Have you got to know people there? Have you heard a man called Kong Ming?" FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Kong Ming? Dao Master of Kong Ming?" Qian Yu paused again.

"Dao Master?" Jian Wushuang was stunned.

Kong Ming was exactly the Eternal Realm expert who had taken Yin & Yang Dragon-phoenix Fruit to Stellar Fog Sea 50 thousand years ago.

The main reason why Jian Wushuang came to Stellar Fog Sea was to find Kong Ming and get Yin & Yang Dragon-phoenix Fruit back to Tang of the East.

"Qian Yu, as you said, Kong Ming is one of the Dao Masters on Star Island, isn't he?" Jian Wushuang said confusedly.

"Yes," Qian Yu nodded and continued. "I've told you that there are five Dao Masters on Star Island, the four of who know they can finally achieve the level of Dao Master only if they can't pass through black tower."

"How about the one left? What did he say? What bad luck!"

"As he entered Stellar Fog Sea, he didn't know the existence of Star Island at the very beginning. He was wandering helplessly in the fog sea, running into an Exotic Beast and rescuing himself by achieving the level of Dao Master at stake. Then he came to Star Island and knew the rules of Star Island. He used to sign time after time since he had a high aptitude. If he achieved the level of Eternal Realm, there are still some possibilities for him to pass the trials."

"And this Dao Master is Kong Ming."

Hearing this, Jian Wushuang became speechless.

"How should Kong Ming achieve the level of Dao Master?" Jian Wushuang declared and then smiled, "That's alright. Although his strength was achieved, at least he is still alive and Yin & Yang Dragon-phoenix Fruit must be on his hand."

"If you don't anything else, I'm off." Qian Yu greeted Jian Wushuang and then walked away.

"Thanks," Jian Wushuang thanked Qian Yu.

When Qian Yu left, Jian Wushuang stood there alone. "Kong Ming is quite a Dao Master. If there is nothing important, he won't give Yin & Yang Dragon-phoenix Fruit to me in vain. It seems that my top priority is to pass the trials on Star Island as soon as possible. When it's time to leave Star Island, I'll ask him for that."

At the thought of it, Jian Wushuang had a token appearing on his hand.

This token was an access to enter the palace of Yin Thunder.

"According to Qian Yu, the five Dao Masters on Star Island, as well as the twelve kings, would greatly improve their strength because they had cultivated this Secret Skill."

"Divine Yin Thunder is enough for me to enhance my strength. I'm going to head to the palace of Yin Thunder at first and try to produce a Divine Yin Thunder."

As he made up his mind, Jian Wushuang immediately headed to the palace of Yin Thunder.

 