Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 890: Challenging Level Three!

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

In front of the Black Tower, there were huge crowds. Almost everyone on Star Island was here.

The twelve Heavenly Kings, except Tian Quan who had already left Star Island, were all here.

The five Dao Masters, though didn’t show their faces, were all hidden in the dark and watching quietly.

Everyone was attracted by the news that Jian Wushuang was going to challenge the Black Tower.

The crowd was noisy.

“The third level! After the third level, he could leave Stellar Fog Sea. I’m wondering if he can do it.”

“It’s hard to say. This Blood Mountain is a complete monster. He is even more ingenious than Zi Dong. No more than two years after coming to this island, he had passed Level Two, and improved with shocking progress ever since. Now, it is really possible to cross Level Three.”

“Anyway, he is the most talented Eternal Realm I have ever seen. If he cannot pass the third level, then there will be no chance for us at all.”

Everyone was discussing about it.

Among the crowd, Zi Dong and the elegant young woman stood side by side.

Zi Dong smiled and said, “I just told you it won’t take much time before Blood Mountain pass Level Three. But I didn’t expect him to do so immediately.”

“Don’t be too optimistic. He is just going to try, but might not pass. You know how hard it is to pass the third level. You’ve put so much effort, but are still far away from passing it. Blood Mountain, although very talented, only practised for a short time. He is not likely to pass.” The woman said while shaking her head.

“Haha, let’s have a bet then. I bet Blood Mountain will succeed.” Zi Dong smiled.

Over the past two hundred years, he had been in contact with Jian Wushuang many times. He had some understanding of Jian Wushuang’s character after so many practices with him.

He knew clearly that Jian Wushuang wouldn’t challenge Level Three without certain treasures. Now that he was here, the success rate would never be less than fifty percent.

On the other side, Ling Long and Qian Yu also stood there.

“Blood Mountain, you must succeed.” Qian Yu clasped his hands, his eyes shining brightly.

He was the first person Jian Wushuang knew on Star Island and they were naturally good friends. Because of their relationship, no one dared to offend him in Star Island.

He admired and appreciated Jian Wushuang. Of course, he hoped he can go through.

Ling Long also stared at the Black Tower, but with a complicated expression.

She came to Stellar Fog Sea with Jian Wushuang and witnessed his growth and progress with her own eyes.

Although Jian Wushuang was stronger than her when they first came here, the difference between them was not big.

But what about now?

Within just two hundred years, Jian Wushuang’s strength had improved to an unimaginable level.

Her strength also improved with the help of the Star Jade Wall, but as compared to Jian Wushuang, the gap was really too big.

In the midst of all the discussion, a figure suddenly appeared on the steps of the Black Tower.

“Hehe, it’s such a lively scene.” An enchanting woman in red smiled and overlooked the crowd.

“My Lord!”

“Lord Spirit Sound!”

The crowd before the Black Tower immediately saluted respectfully.

“Are you all here to watch Blood Mountain challenge the third level?” The Lord Spirit Sound asked smilingly. “In that case, let me do you a favor and show you his actions in the third level.”

Just then, she waved her hand. Some ripples appeared in the void beside her. Then, a huge Mirror Image showed up.

This Mirror Image reflected the scene of the third level inside the Black Tower.

Inside the third level, Jian Wushuang, wearing a blood-red robe and carrying a long sword, was confronting the Blood Demon, the fiercest demon in the third level. The two were more than three hundred meters away from each other. Apparently, the fight had not started. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

In front of the Black Tower, all eyes were fixed on the Mirror Image.

Hidden in the dark, the five Dao Masters also looked up.

Level Three of the Black Tower.

Jian Wushuang stood silently, totally unaware of the shock outside brought by his actions. All his attention was on the Blood Demon in front of him right now.

“The highest level of Blood Demon. Last time we met, he defeated me with only two moves. But this time, it will be different.” He held his fists and made the first move, without any hesitation.

Buzz... The immaterial Sword Essence burst out.

Several Blood-sky Swords appeared in front of him, and formed a six-meter-long scarlet sword in no time.

At the same time, his body began to swell. He then transformed into a Gold-armored Ancient God, with the Blood Mountain Sword in his hand.

At that moment, Jian Wushuang had adjusted to his peak state.

“Let the fight begin!”

Following the shout, a Scarlet Thunderbolt shot out from his body and fused into the scarlet long sword.

Soon afterwards, the long sword shook a little and disappeared.

The first sword formation of the Ninth-heaven Sword Formation, Traceless Sword!

Why was it called the Traceless Sword?

Because the sword formation would sweep out without leaving any trace in the void.

Now, Jian Wushuang had a perfect mastery of the first sword formation, and left no trace when performing the skill.

Too fast.

Apart from several experts, most of the audience in front of the tower did not see where the scarlet sword go.

They only heard a violent wind-breaking sound. Later on, the void in front of the Blood Demon was broken through, and streams of spatial turbulences rattled wildly.

The terrible strong power shocked those hidden Dao Masters.

The Blood Demon, with a wide and thick saber, attacked as violently as before.

Before most of the audience noticed Jian Wushuang’s long sword, the Blood Demon’s saber was already on its way.

Clang!

With a loud crash, the sparks caused by violent collision of metal scattered away.

All the audience noticed a shudder from the Blood Demon’s body after the collision.

Soon, Jian Wushuang launched another violent attack with his scarlet long sword.

The long sword pierced through the void with so much ease.

Like fish in the water, the sword showed up again in front of the Blood Demon.