Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 910: The Third Treasure

Translator:Transn

Editor:Transn

"Xia Mang?"

Jian Wushuang couldn't help but fall into deep thought.

Ever since he had arrived in Tang of the East, he had heard the name of the eldest son in Xia Family more than once.

The so-called number one genius in Eternal World, number one in Eternal Realm, the youngest eternal realm in the history of Eternal World, and so on...

However, Jian Wushuang had been doubtful of the so-called number one genius, number one in Eternal Realm.

"If we were to fight one-on-one, he would definitely lose!" Jian Wushuang said in a low voice.

"Oh, so confident?" Di Jing looked at Jian Wushuang in surprise.

He didn't know that Jian Wushuang was said to possess the fighting power of one in the seventh step of Eternal Realm even before breakthrough.

"Number One in Eternal Realm in Eternal World, he is just a joke in front of me," Jian Wushuang's gaze was cold.

Then, King of Venomous Worms in his body spoke, "Jian Wushuang, you are an inverse cultivator. Once you had reached Eternal Realm, it will just be like a Dao Master of an ordinary cultivator. Plus, you have the bloodline of Ancient God. On top of that, you have extraordinary encounters and many skills. You would be playing the bully if you were to compare to the so-called number one in Eternal Realm in this world!"

"Bully?" Jian Wushuang chuckled quietly.

"As you have no problem with betrothal presents and power, it will be much easier. You only have to surpass Xia Mang in the son-in-law recruitment assembly. All forces and experts will be watching. Although Emperor Leng is brutal, he shouldn't go against the rules he set," Di Jing smiled.

"Of course, you have to prepare for the best and for the worst."

"If you were to lose to Xia Mang on the son-in-law recruitment assembly, or if Emperor Leng goes against his own rules, we will have to fight against Emperor Leng and Xia Family head-on," Di Jing's expression became cold. "Back then, master lost to Emperor Leng and he had no choice but to leave Tang of the East. However, although master left, he never gave up. All these years, he has been storing up strength. Until now, although the accumulated power wasn't enough to match evenly with Emperor Leng or Xia Family, he stands a chance to fight a war!"

"Stand a chance to fight a war?" Xue Lingtian looked shocked and complimented, "We of Void Temple knew long ago that Emperor Xiao had been accumulating power. We never expected that the power that Xiao accumulated over such a short period of time has reached such a level. Tsk tsk. He lives up to his name, Emperor Xiao, the second place among the four Emperors."

Jian Wushuang was stunned at the comment.

Emperor Xiao was on the second place among the four Emperors?!

"Senior Di Jing, I never understood. Why would Emperor Xiao and Emperor Leng, who were a couple, suddenly have a falling out? And, Emperor Xiao is so powerful, why would he lose at the hands of Emperor Leng back then?" Jian Wushuang asked.

Among the four Emperors, Emperor Qing was widely acknowledged as the strongest. Hence, he naturally was in first place. As for Emperor Xiao, he was in the second place, he was definitely stronger than Emperor Leng by one notch. Why would he lose?

"I am not sure why master fell out with Emperor Leng back then. Master never told me either. As for why master lost, it was because Emperor Leng had a helping hand. An impressive helping hand," Di Jing said.

"Who?" Jian Wushuang asked.

"National Master" Di Jing said.

Jian Wushuang understood then.

When he had been in Blood Eagle Guard, he had also heard that there was an impressive National Master in Tang of the East who had great skills.

Just like the Divine Sea and Blood Eagle Armor, they were both from the hands of the National Master.

"Oh yeah, Jian Wushuang, as you are joining the son-in-law recruitment assembly, do you have a recommendation?" Di Jing asked.

"Recommendation?" Jian Wushuang was confused.

"Not everyone can join son-in-law recruitment assemble. You, of course, need to have a recommendation and the person who gives it to you has to have enough say to let Tang of the East treat him politely," Di Jing explained.

Jian Wushaung looked to his senior, Xue Lingtian, subconsciously.

Xue Lingtian, as one of the eighteen masters of Void Temple, held a high position too.

"Don't look at your senior. His position has power but Void Temple is aloof. They never get involved in any fight among forces in Eternal World. The son-in-law recruitment assembly is possibly the fight between Emperor Leng and master, so your senior is not in an appropriate position to get involved," Di Jing said.

Xue Lingtian shrugged helplessly too.

"If you have no recommender, master invited one for you," Di Jing said.

"Who is it?" Jian Wushuang asked.

"Alchemy Master... Huo Qiong," Di Jing said, "The Alchemy Master is widely recognized as the number one elixir master in Eternal World. He is in eminent position in Eternal World. There are many experts who once looked for him to refine elixirs and owe him a favor. Although he is alone, as long as he orders, there will be a bunch of Dao Masters swarming in to work for him. He alone represents a fierce force."

"Besides, this Alchemy Master is the master of your brother here."

"Huh?" Jian Wushuang's eyes shone and he immediately looked at Wang Yuan.

"Haha, third brother, don't worry about it. Master replied to me long ago that he agreed to give you a recommendation. After all, you offered him quite a number of good things. He was rather delighted," Wang Yuan smiled. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"I see. Your Master is the number one elixir master in Eternal World. No wonder your elixir refining skills could improve so greatly," Jian Wushuang complemented as he said, "Thank Alchemy Master on my behalf."

"No problem," Wang Yuan waved.

"Alright, I have told you everything I need to. Three years later, the son-in-law recruitment assembly will take place. You have three years' time to prepare. Three years later, don't let master and his eldest daughter down," Di Jing exhorted.

"Mm," Jian Wushuang nodded solemnly.

Very soon, Di Jing and Leng Ruxue had left but Xue Lingtian wasn't in a hurry to leave. He took Jian Wushuang to a secluded void.

"Junior, the son-in-law recruitment assembly three years later, I will come personally. However, due to my position, I can't be your recommendation. However, if there were to be any accident at the assembly, I will still appear as an individual to lend you a helping hand," Xue Lingtian said in a serious tone.

"Thank you, Senior," Jian Wushuang expressed his gratitude.

"I came here today to ask about the son-in-law recruitment assembly, but there's one more thing," Xue Lingtian waved and took out a scroll painting that seemed to be turning yellow.

"This is?"

Jian Wushuang looked at the scroll painting in shock.

"I returned to Firmament Territory and I saw the master. This scroll painting... master entrusted me to bring it to you."

Xue Lingtian said, "Master said that he would give us three treasures that we could use when we leave Firmament Territory to wander. He gave it to you. However, he gave you two previously and this is the third one!"

...

...