Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 95: Stage Three Task

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Such a pity! Though I comprehend some Sword Essence of Raging Fire, I don’t have the appropriate Sword Skill to display it now. There is nothing to do but exchange the appropriate Sword Skill of Sword Essence of Raging Fire after going back to the Dragon Palace.” Jian Wushuang smiled and then leaped to the top of a big tree.

Leaning against the tree trunk, Jian Wushuang took out the last task scroll.

“I’ve completed the Stage One and Two tasks. What is the Stage Three task?” Jian Wushuang wondered with a slight expectation.

He was assigned three tasks by the Dragon Palace this time. The first one was easy to complete. But the second one was much tougher, which almost killed him. And the third one…

Jian Wushuang opened the scroll. After taking a glance at it, he unexpectedly stared with rounded eyes.

On the scroll read some words…

“Stage Three Task: Kill 10 Spirit Beasts of the Exceptional Gold Core Realm!

“Task Location: the Innumerable Huge Mountains.”

“Task Description: Lots of Spirit Beasts live in the Innumerable Huge Mountains and countless of them have reached the Primordial Gold Core. Though being in the Level of Spiritual Sea, you defeated a disciple of the Dragon Palace who was a warrior in the Profound Gold Core Realm in a face-to-face battle. You are fully capable of killing Spirit Beasts in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm.

“Task Points: Whether these 10 Spirit Beasts of the Fulfillment of the Golden Pill Realm are strong or not, each one is worth 1,000 points. Bringing their bodies back to the Dragon Palace will serve as proof.”

“Shit!”

Even Jian Wushuang could not help cursing while reading the Stage Three task.

To kill Spirit Beasts?

Spirit Beasts in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm?

A full 10 of them?

Are they kidding?

“Those elders in the Dragon Palace must want me to go to hell,” Jian Wushuang said to himself.

In the task description, it referred to a disciple of the Dragon Palace who was a warrior in the Profound Gold Core Realm that was defeated by him face-to-face. Indeed, he did that. But how did he do it?

It was not until Jian Wushuang made his opponent use up his Spiritual Power that he won the battle.

However, he was completely suppressed when competing with Nangong Jie.

Jian Wushuang clearly knew his strength. It was not a big deal for him to kill a common warrior in the Profound Gold Core Realm. But what about competing with the one in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm?

He barely could compete with a common warrior in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm. He surmised that, in the end, he would be suppressed.

And to kill Spirit Beasts in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm?

Firstly, it was much more difficult to kill Spirit Beasts than humans because of their different physical conditions.

Secondly, Spirit Beasts in the Gold Core had intelligence. If they found that they could not beat Jian Wushuang, they would flee rather than foolishly continue to fight with him or even continuously consume their Spiritual Power.

More importantly, Jian Wushuang was not as strong as a Spirit Beasts in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm.

“Cruel. They are so cruel.” Jian Wushuang cursed while gnashing his teeth.

But the good news was that the task time was unlimited. Therefore, he could make good preparations before killing those Spirit Beasts.

Three days later, Jian Wushuang targeted an Armored Tiger in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm.

The Armored Tiger was strong in defense capabilities but not so good in speed. Compared with others, it was relatively weak. At the very beginning, Jian Wushuang naturally chose a weaker one to fight with that was not a threat to him.

Jian Wushuang quickly started to attack.

Selecting the right time, he made a sneak attack. However, he did not get any advantage because the Armored Tiger reacted in time.

Then, Jian Wushuang made good use of his swordsmanship and sword essence and started to fight with the Shell-backed Tiger. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In this battle, the man and beast were neck and neck. However, the Armored Tiger chose to directly leave when it found that it could not beat Jian Wushuang. Jian Wushuang could do nothing but let it go.

Fighting with the Armored Tiger, he could not prevail at all, let alone did he kill it.

“Well. Take it easy…”

He sighed and then spontaneously overlooked the endless mountains and woods far away.

He knew that he might have to stay in the Innumerable Huge Mountains for a long time.

Things happened just as he had expected.

There were lots of Spirit Beasts in the Innumerable Huge Mountains. Spirit Beasts in the Gold Core were countless and Spirit Beasts in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm were also easy to find. Jian Wushuang wandered alone in the Innumerable Huge Mountains and fought with Spirit Beasts in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm one after another.

Jian Wushuang felt great pressure when fighting with any Spirit Beast in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm. He tried his best in each battle. Such crazy slaughtering vastly improved his strength.

Especially after his Sword Soul had completely awoken, he distinctly comprehended sword essence much faster than before.

Even so, it was two months later that Jian Wushuang succeeded in killing the first Spirit Beast in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm with great effort.

As time went by…

The hot summer had soon gone and so had the autumn. Instantly, the cold winter arrived.

Jian Wushuang had wandered alone in the Innumerable Huge Mountains for half a year.

At the edge of the Innumerable Huge Mountains, visible to the naked eye, a man who wore an animal-skin and carried a Long Sword slowly walked out of the mountains. Judging by his appearance, he was a young man, but he had a calm and resolute face, and his exposed skin was bronzed.

Even in the cold winter, this young man wearing thin animal-skin did not feel cold at all.

“Innumerable Huge Mountains, I have finally gotten out.” Jian Wushuang turned and glanced at the endless mountains and forests behind him. He smiled slightly with his mouth turned up.

Staying in the Innumerable Huge Mountains for more than half a year, he had suffered a lot and met with danger several times that almost killed him. If he took off his animal-skin, many scars on his body would clearly be seen. Most of them were inflicted by the claws of Spirit Beasts, and some of them were by humans.

Among them, a 20-centimeter scar that extended from his breast to his shoulder was the most evident.

He had also improved himself so much over these six months.

And of course, he had completed the Stage Three task.

There were a full 10 Spirit Beasts in the Exceptional Gold Core Realm and their Cores lying in his Ring of Heaven and Earth.

Walking along the official road, Jian Wushuang did not spend much time before returning to Moon Heart City.

The Golden Dragon Subsidiary Palace of Moon Heart City was still bustling and boisterous.

Jian Wushuang, in the animal-skin, entered the Golden Dragon Subsidiary Palace and walked directly to the counter. A black-haired elder, who stood in front of the counter, had met Jian Wushuang half a year ago and knew his status. Therefore, when seeing Jian Wushuang again, he made a respectful face.

“Your Excellency,” the black-haired elder said in a low voice. No one else around them could hear it except for Jian Wushuang.

“I came here to tell you about the task.” Jian Wushuang took out a Blue-eyed Beast with Golden Horns, handed it over to the elder and said, “The task was assigned half a year ago.”

“Please wait a moment, Your Excellency.” Immediately, the black-clothed elder carefully looked at the task list and quickly found the task that Jian Wushuang had accepted to catch the Two-Clawed Golden Dragon Guard.