Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1059: Battling Iceflame

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Glimpsing Ye Yuan entering the array formation with his peripherals, He Dajiang’s heart involuntarily palpitated.

If Ye Yuan could really subdue the Iceflame Mystic Sovereign Ganoderma, then their group of people would be in danger! Ding Zhanguo’s strength was very formidable; at least he was not beneath Wu Yuanqiao.

Once he broke free, the Heavenly Dawn Palace would definitely counterattack.

At that time, the three of them would be facing three great Void Mystic powerhouses. The situation would be reversing at once.

He Dajiang was also a figure who had made a name for himself long ago. At this time, he did not panic in the face of danger and directly cut into Wu Yuanqiao and Ao Qian’s battle, saying with a loud roar, “Quickly go and deal with Shu Yunqing! Take the chance when he’s down to claim his life!”

Wu Yuanqiao’s heart turned cold, not expecting the situation to turnaround so quickly.

This member of the dragon race in front of him, his strength was too fearsome.

He Dajiang was also intrepid. His divine king domain was a domain of blades. Battling against Ao Qian, he actually firmly suppressed Ao Qian.

These super holy lands’ deputies, each and every one was old-monster class. Their strength was unfathomable and would normally never reveal their capabilities. But their strength, nobody dared to underestimate. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The Eight Great Holy Lands’ strongest people were also not at all inferior when compared to the Ten Great Divine Kings. Adding in the foundation of the super holy land, the Ten Great Divine King would not easily become enemies with them either.

As for someone like He Dajiang, he could be said to be the strongest one in the second-tier.

If Ao Qian recovered all of his strength, he naturally would not fear him. But this state at present, he was still slightly inferior compared to He Dajiang.

Currently, He Dajiang was also anxious and immediately opened up with his full firepower, wanting to finish the fight quickly.

Even though Ao Qian’s strength did not recover to its peak state and he was still a hair’s breadth away compared to He Dajiang, his seniority was far greater than even an old monster like He Dajiang.

He knew that He Dajiang was anxious for success and was not in a hurry anymore instead.

His Dragon Prancing the Four Seas did not look like it had any lethality, but actually, it surged with undercurrents.

At this time, he went completely on the defensive and defended with a water-attribute divine king’s domain. It was truly seamless.

Even if He Dajiang’s domain of blades was any more powerful, it also could not breach the continuous domain of water.

At that time, because Shu Yunqing’s injuries were too severe, facing Wu Yuanqiao and Yue Xinping duo’s pincer-attack, he actually appeared to be teetering on his feet.

He Dajiang’s ambush previously was dealt extremely viciously. Currently, Shu Yunqing could at most unleash 30-40% of his full strength.

Wu Yuanqiao was also a veteran Void Mystic powerhouse. Although his strength did not reach He Dajiang’s sort of level, it could not be underestimated either.

Through a big battle, Shu Yunqing was already increasingly falling short of strength.

Jiang Taicang duo exchanged a glance and joined in the group battle very tacitly!

Even though the two of them had just entered Void Mystic, they were not much worse off compared to Void Mystic powerhouses like Yue Xinping. Fighting two-on-one would not fall into a disadvantage either.

This way, Shu Yunqing’s pressure suddenly eased up.

For some time, both sides actually fell into a stalemate.

Now, it would depend on when Ding Zhanguo could break free. This battle’s balance would utterly lean in favor towards Ye Yuan’s side.

He Dajiang was secretly anxious but completely could not breach Ao Qian’s defenses. At this very moment, he could only secretly pray that Ye Yuan could not subdue the Iceflame Mystic Sovereign Ganoderma.

On his side, Ding Zhanguo operated the array formation with all his power, not daring to ease up in the slightest.

The array formation that he laid down was called Profound Heaven Nine Battles Formation. It was one of the most powerful array formation inheritances in the Heavenly Dawn Palace’s Ding Family.

However, even though Ding Zhanguo was hailed as the number one person in the formations path beneath the Grand Yan Divine King, his strength compared to Lu Linfeng was still far too lacking.

Even this Profound Heaven Nine Battles Formation, Ding Zhanguo merely comprehended 80%.

“I’ll open up a gap. You take the chance and enter inside the array formation. But there’s only a breath of time. Otherwise, once his iceflames creep out, this old man can’t resist it either,” Ding Zhanguo said.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “No need, I’ll just go in myself.”

Ding Zhanguo was stunned and blurted out, “How are you entering ... Uhh ...”

His words were only said halfway when he saw Ye Yuan lift his foot and went into the array formation, incomparably effortlessly.

Ding Zhanguo opened his eyes wide, looking at this scene in disbelief.

“This ... How is this possible?” Ding Zhanguo muttered to himself.

Rumble!

A massive impact force made Ding Zhanguo come back to his senses. He hastily put away his thoughts and operated the array formation, stabilizing the array formation.

However, the astonishment in his heart could not be any greater.

The Profound Heaven Nine Battles Formation was the Ding Family’s ultimate ancestral legacy. It was incomparably profound. He had already studied it for several thousand years and also merely comprehended 80%.

Even so, ordinary Void Mystic experts, it was too easy for him to deal with them.

Ding Zhanguo knew that Ye Yuan was a Tier 9 Formations Emperor, but it should not be possible for Ye Yuan to crack the Profound Heaven Nine Battles Formation with his formations path level.

But now, Ye Yuan entered the array formation so effortlessly. That could only mean that Ye Yuan’s formations path level was at the very least on the same level as him already.

What he guessed was right. Ye Yuan comprehended the Array Formations Three Volumes. These few years, his formations path level already had significant improvements.

Although it did not reach Lu Linfeng’s height yet, entering the Profound Heaven Nine Battles Formation was nothing difficult.

Ye Yuan twirled around inside the array formation and closed in on the Iceflame Mystic Sovereign Ganoderma very quickly.

The reason why the Iceflame Mystic Ganoderma got its name was that it could release a type of extremely terrifying iceflame.

The iceflame spat out by a 1-million-year-old Iceflame Mystic Sovereign Ganoderma, even if Void Mystic powerhouses got hit, it was at the very least the outcome of severe injuries too.

However, an expert like Ding Zhanguo would not behave like facing a great adversary either.

This iceflame could actually also be grouped in the same category as essence fires. But it was not suited for refining pills. Because it did not have warmth and was a kind of cold flame.

But the destructive power of this iceflame was exceedingly powerful. It could even burn ordinary people until nothing remained.

When that Iceflame Mystic Sovereign Ganoderma saw Ye Yuan approaching, it seemed to be like a startled little bunny, shooting out iceflames at him crazily.

In virtually an instant, Ye Yuan’s entire person was enveloped inside the iceflame. Even his profile could not be seen anymore.

Seeing this scene, Ding Zhanguo was alarmed in his heart and secretly cursed inwardly.

But He Dajiang laughed wildly without ceasing and said, “I thought how great a capability this brat had. This time, bit off more than he can chew, right? I want to take a look at how he walks out from these iceflames.”

In the outside world, Ye Yuan’s aura already completely could not be sensed, as if his entire person was devoured by the iceflames.

Ao Qian could not help sneering coldly in his heart when he saw He Dajiang’s delight.

One move utterly settled Ye Yuan. That Iceflame Mystic Sovereign Ganoderma also danced with joy excitedly, as if obtaining some great victory.

But right then, that tuft of iceflames suddenly no longer pulsated. It was as if it was frozen.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

The next instant, those iceflames actually really froze over. After that, a series of cracks appeared.

Bang!

The iceflames thoroughly splintered apart, becoming pieces of ice scraps, falling onto the ground.

Seeing this scene, everyone’s expressions changed drastically!

Inside the iceflames actually had an additional person!

A girl!

This girl was incomparably cold. It was as if her entire person was transformed from 10-thousand-year-old profound ice.