Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 108: Retreating in Fear from a Single Sword

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

"Ran away? What a cowardly fellow." Ye Yuan was stupefied when he heard that.

"Apologies, Senior Apprentice Brother Ye. Tang Yu’s abilities are paltry and could not detain him. I could only watch him get away," Tang Yu said in shame.

Although he did not show it, Tang Yu felt that he was seriously useless right now.

So many things had happened to Ye Yuan recently, yet he could not help with a single one of them.

At present, Wan Yuan was already like an ant which could be crushed to death with one hand to Ye Yuan. But to Tang Yu, he was as sturdy as the high mountains.

Tang Yu was aware that Wan Yuan was Ye Yuan’s sworn enemy, yet he could only watch him get away powerlessly. This made him feel a deep sense of helplessness and shame.

Ye Yuan waved his hands and said, "Don’t mind it, Brother Tang. Wan Yuan is just a dancing clown. I’ll let him live a few days longer. After I return from the Endless Forest, I will settle him along with his father!"

When he returns from the Endless Forest, his father Ye Hang would just about to exit seclusion as well!

At that time, the two of them, father and son, would join hands to give the entire State of Qin an enormous surprise!

But when Tang Yu heard it, he was secretly speechless. Senior Apprentice Brother Ye was indeed still so domineering. Most likely, not a single soul in the State of Qin dared to say they would settle Wan Donghai, yet he said it so naturally.

Ye Yuan was somebody who refused to suffer any grievances and never embraced the creed where it was never too late for a gentleman to take revenge. His creed was that a gentleman would take revenge immediately!

Fei Qingping nearly caused him to die. Killed!

Lin Tiancheng and Zhang Heng made Lu-er end up like that. Ye Yuan disregarded the rules and just killed them!

No Essence Qi Realm had even made it past the Nine Heavens Road. Ye Yuan cleared it just like that!

Only such a life was satisfying!

Tang Yu also wished for such a life, but not everybody could live such a life.

Only a heaven-defying existence like Ye Yuan could have the capability to live such a life.

Wan Yuan was clearly frightened by Ye Yuan, which was why he fled in a panic!

Under such circumstances, Wan Yuan could only rely on the academy’s rules. But the rules were only ornamental to Ye Yuan.

Right now, Ye Yuan was simply a maniac. Since he dared to kill Zhang Heng and dared to kill Lin Tiancheng, he naturally would dare to kill him, Wan Yuan!

In fact, the grudge between Wan Yuan and Ye Yuan was much greater than Lin Tiancheng’s!

Hence, he did not even wait for the final result before fleeing.

Wan Yuan feared that he would not be able to escape after the result came out.

"Actually, there’s another matter, Senior Apprentice Brother Ye. I don’t know if I should say it or not," Tang Yu said.

"Why are you treating me like a stranger, Brother Tang? If there’s anything, just say it."

"I always felt that it was a little strange for Lin Tiancheng to target Miss Lu-er. Logically speaking, Lin Tiancheng only had a small dispute with you back at the Illusionary Spirit Tower, and should not go as far as to be so malicious. So I wondered if there was more than meets the eye to this matter. Thus, I have been investigating the whole course of this incident, and the result was that I really managed to dig something out," Tang Yu said.

When Ye Yuan killed Zhang Heng and Lin Tiancheng, he was in a violent rage, so he did not think too much then. He just thought that Lin Tiancheng bore a grudge because of the incident at the Illusionary Spirit Tower.

Now that he thought carefully, although he made Lin Tiancheng lose face outside of the Illusionary Spirit Tower, it was not to the extent where the other had to die.

However, Zhang Heng’s actions had clearly gone beyond the bottom line, making things somewhat illogical.

Ye Yuan also did not think that there was actually another hidden plot to this incident.

"Brother Tang means . . . Wan Yuan?" Ye Yuan quickly suspected Wan Yuan.

Tang Yu nodded his head and said, "That’s right! Somebody saw Wan Yuan and Liu Ruoshui going to find Lin Tiancheng after the Illusionary Spirit Tower test ended. Of course, there’s already no way of finding out what they talked about at that time."

"No need to investigate. It was definitely them making trouble! Even though I clashed with Lin Tiancheng during the Illusionary Spirit Tower test, it hadn’t reached the point where the other party must die. Lin Tiancheng was originally a narrow-minded person. With them sowing discord, he naturally harbored resentment in his heart. It wouldn’t be strange for him to do something like that." Ye Yuan’s face gradually became darker.

"But Wan Yuan already escaped. What to do now?" Tang Yu asked.

"Let him be first. Right now, the most important thing is Lu-er’s matter. I’ll deal with him after I return from the Endless Forest! However, this Liu Ruoshui really has a heart as malicious as snakes and scorpions! If I’m not wrong, the idea of messing with Lu-er came from her!" Ye Yuan words were brimming with killing intent.

"A woman’s heart is the most vicious! Most likely, it refers to these sort of woman like her," Tang Yu said.

Ye Yuan stood up, and then he said nonchalantly, "I’m going out for a while."

Then he directly left.

Watching Ye Yuan’ back view, Huyan Yong said helplessly, "This rascal really can’t stop even for a moment!"

Tang Yu smiled bitterly and said, "Senior Apprentice Brother Ye just has a personality where gratitude and resentment are clearly distinguished. If others are good to him, he will be ten times nicer. If others are bad to him, he will also pay back tenfold!"

"Sigh, if he wants to cause trouble, so be it. He made it past the Nine Heavens Road, so he’s already equivalent to the high sect’s core disciple. I think Su Yubai wouldn’t dare to act recklessly either," Huyan Yong said with a sigh.

. . . . . .

Ye Yuan had just stepped out the door when he was blocked by somebody. The person was Wu Luochen who previously arranged a battle with Ye Yuan.

"Junior Apprentice Brother Ye, you are truly impressive. You actually made it through the Nine Heavens Road at the Essence Qi Realm!" The moment he saw Ye Yuan, Wu Luochen praised in admiration.

"So, it’s Senior Apprentice Brother Wu. The Nine Heavens Road was just luck, didn’t count as much," Ye Yuan replied while controlling his impatience.

Ye Yuan knew that Wu Luochen came to find him to compete. But how could he think about fighting with Wu Luochen at the moment?

"Heh heh, I believe Brother Ye has already guessed why this Wu came here. Since Junior Apprentice Brother Ye cleared the Nine Heavens Road and broke through to the peak Ninth Level Essence Qi Realm, you definitely possess the power of a Heaven Rank student! I wonder if Junior Apprentice Brother Ye can fulfill the agreement back then and fight with me?" Wu Luochen did not conceal his intentions at all and openly stated it.

"Apologies, Senior Apprentice Brother Wu, this little brother has something to attend to right now. If Brother Wu wants to battle, please choose another date." Ye Yuan directly rejected him.

Wu Luochen immediately lost his cool when he heard that, and hurriedly said, "How can that do? I know that you’re definitely about to enter seclusion to consolidate your cultivation realm. Two days later, it’s also the Endless Trials. Who knows how long this wait will last! We should just pick today rather than choosing a date!"

Wu Luochen’s eyes were full of hope, and he looked like he was raring to go.

To someone like Wu Luochen, fighting was his life’s everything!

Ye Yuan could only say helplessly, "Senior Apprentice Brother Wu, if I recall correctly, our agreement back then was to wait until I advance to Heaven rank before competing, right? But I’m still an Earth rank student presently. If Senior Apprentice Brother Wu is so forceful, wouldn’t you be in suspicion of the strong bullying the weak?"

"This . . . But Junior Apprentice Brother Ye’s battle capabilities are shocking. Although you are still at the peak Ninth Level Essence Qi Realm, your strength is definitely not beneath Heaven rank students already, right? From my perspective, Junior Apprentice Brother Ye can definitely ascend the Martial Roll of Honor now with your strength, and your ranking might not be below mine!" Wu Luochen was not so easily hoodwinked.

Ye Yuan was anxious to find Liu Ruoshui, yet he was held back by Wu Luochen. So he was very annoyed and could not resist saying, "Fine. As long as Senior Apprentice Brother Wu receives one sword head-on from me, what’s the harm in competing with you?" 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Wu Luochen’s eyes lit up, and he asked in surprise, "Really?"

"Of course it’s real! Remember, it’s receiving it head-on! If you dodge, then forgive me for not keeping you company!" Ye Yuan emphasized.

"Haha! No harm! Come on!" Wu Luochen guffawed heartily.

Ye Yuan retrieved the Canghua Sword from his storage ring and unleashed a fused sword intent straight away!

Wu Luochen initially was still full of smiles, but right now, his facial expression quickly changed. That horrifying sword intent practically asphyxiated him!

How could such a sword intent possibly be received head-on?

Wu Luochen hastily revolved his movement technique and dodged that sword.

Rate Translation Quality

Chapter 109: Who is Su Yishan?

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

A little earlier, at the back of the mountain, in the courtyard of the Heaven rank student, Su Yishan; Seemingly in panic, Liu Ruoshui looked at Su Yishan who was in front of her.

"Senior Apprentice Brother Su, right now, you are the only one who can save me in the entire academy! I beg you, help me!"

Liu Ruoshui had never been so helpless even when facing all manners of disregard from her family clan!

After Ye Yuan succeeded in clearing the Nine Heavens Road, Liu Ruoshui felt totally uneasy. She went to Wan Yuan’s residence in a lost manner wanting to find him to discuss countermeasures.

But when she arrived at Wan Yuan’s residence, she discovered that Wan Yuan was not even there.

At the start, Liu Ruoshui thought that Wan Yuan did not return because of some matters. But after waiting, and waiting, and still nothing, she went to ask the other students, but none of them saw Wan Yuan.

Liu Ruoshui suddenly felt a bad premonition.

As expected, only after Liu Ruoshui inquired from the students guarding the gates did she find out that Wan Yuan had left the academy long ago.

Liu Ruoshui ’greeted’ eight generations of Wan Yuan’s ancestors in her heart, but this was of no use to her at all.

What if Ye Yuan vented all of his anger on her because he could not find Wan Yuan? Then she was finished!

After cursing, Liu Ruoshui felt a deep sense of powerlessness.

Ye Yuan’s strength had already steadily advanced into the ranks of the Heaven rank students. Wanting to kill her was as easy as flipping his hand!

Liu Ruoshui still had some rallying power among the lower ranking students, but as for Heaven Rank students . . .

Liu Ruoshui suddenly had a burst of inspiration and thought of Su Yishan. She felt that she had grasped her last life-saving straw!

Back when Wan Yuan was injured, Su Yishan once said that he was going to kill Ye Yuan. It looked like their grudge was not small.

More importantly, wasn’t Elder Su Su Yishan’s second uncle?

Even though Liu Ruoshui could not influence Heaven rank students, she had long pried about their details clearly.

Not many people in the Dan Wu Academy knew about Su Yubai and Su Yishan’s relationship, but there were still some who were aware.

Thinking of this, Liu Ruoshui no longer hesitated, and directly went to the back of the mountain and found Su Yishan.

Su Yishan looked at Liu Ruoshui amusedly and said, "Senior Apprentice Sister Liu and Senior Apprentice Brother Wan walk very closely together. Why did you think of finding me?"

It was still okay if Su Yishan did not mention it, but now that he did, Liu Ruoshui’s tears poured out like floodwater breaking a dam.

"Wan Yuan that cowardly fellow ran long ago! Sniff ! Sniff ! Senior Apprentice Brother Su, as long as you are willing to save me, I’ll do anything you ask me to!" Liu Ruoshui right now also counts as the revelation of her true feelings as she cried utterly pitifully.

Hearing that, Su Yishan was stunned. "Wan Yuan ran? Ran to where?"

Liu Ruoshui choked between sobs and said, "Where else can he run to? He must have run back to find his father to shield him! Ye Yuan is already at the peak Ninth Level Essence Qi Realm. Killing him would be like killing a dog. Who else can protect him apart from his old man?"

Su Yishan could not refrain from laughing as he said, "I couldn’t tell originally, but to think Junior Apprentice Brother Wan is actually so gutless. A puny little Ye Yuan scared him to such an extent!"

Finishing, Su Yishan sized up the tearful Liu Ruoshui and asked playfully, "Just now, you said you would be willing to do anything?"

Liu Ruoshui quivered when she heard him. How could she not understand Su Yishan’s meaning?

But at this current juncture, if even Su Yishan did not care about her, she was dead for sure!

Liu Ruoshui wrestled with her emotions in her heart. Finally, she gritted her teeth and nodded.

But looking at her appearance aroused Su Yishan’s curiosity. "Looking at your appearance, could it be that you are still a virgin?"

Liu Ruoshui blushed all the way to the tips of ears when she heard that, but she still nodded once more.

Although Liu Ruoshui was naturally coquettish, she still guarded her body closely, because she knew that this was her greatest asset.

But she did not imagine that she would actually voluntarily offer it up now that she was forced by Ye Yuan. Thinking of this, Liu Ruoshui’s hatred towards Ye Yuan deepened even more!

Ye Yuan, I want you to die a horrible death one day!

" Hahaha! Good! Very good!" Su Yishan burst into laughter and headed into the house.

Liu Ruoshui’s eyes flickered, but she still gritted her teeth and followed in . . .

. . . . . .

Wu Luochen still felt a lingering fear after evading Ye Yuan’s sword.

That surge of sword intent just now was too terrifying. Receiving it head-on would undoubtedly result in injuries, if not death!

The instant Ye Yuan struck with his sword, Wu Luochen suddenly felt an enormous sense of crisis.

His instincts from countless battles told him that this sword must absolutely not be taken head-on!

Hence, he used his movement technique right away, and barely avoided the sword.

Wu Luochen appeared somewhat ragged. This did not mean that he was weak, but rather, he overly underestimated his enemy.

In reality, Wu Luochen was a very troublesome person. Even experts ranked higher than him on the Martial Roll of Honor felt severe headaches when they saw him.

Wu Luochen was the Dan Wu Academy’s famous battle maniac. Not only was his combat prowess shocking, but he also possessed extraordinary combat talent and had a very precise grasp on the battle situation.

Just now, he suffered a loss because he promised Ye Yuan to receive it head-on.

Ye Yuan had just fused together the sword intents on the Nine Heavens Road, and even used an eight restrictions spirit artifact, Canghua Sword, to unleash the sword light. Even if Wu Luochen was an ironman, enduring it would be enough for him to suffer.

This sword of Ye Yuan’s only indicated that he had the power to battle with Wu Luochen, but did not signify that he could defeat Wu Luochen.

Wu Luochen was at the Second Level Spirit Condensation Realm. Furthermore, his combat prowess far surpassed those at the same level!

Those who were stronger than him were mostly at the Third Level Spirit Condensation Realm. One could see how just powerful he was.

Although Ye Yuan had the power to leap ranks and battle, it was still hard to say what would be the result if he matched up with Wu Luochen.

No matter how powerful Ye Yuan’s sword intent was, if he could not touch his opponent, then it was futile.

Not only did the Wu Luochen who had just dodged a crisis not become dispirited, he even became abnormally excited!

There was no meaning if the opponent was too weak!

Before coming here, Wu Luochen was still worried if it was a little too early. Even though he was aware that Ye Yuan’s combat prowess was stunning, he was ultimately a major cultivation realm higher than Ye Yuan.

But now, he completely dispelled those thoughts.

Just based on that sword, Ye Yuan already had the qualifications to be his opponent!

"Hey hey, Junior Apprentice Brother Ye, let’s fight one round! Your sword art is so incredible, I really want to experience it!" Wu Luochen shamelessly went back on his word.

Ye Yuan’s face froze up. He did not think that this fellow was so persistent, and his face involuntarily fell. "Senior Apprentice Brother Wu, I really have something on today. If you continue to be so insistent, then I will not rest until you are dead!"

Seeing that Ye Yuan truly flared up, Wu Luochen could not help sticking out his tongue. His eyes swirled around, and he said, "How about this, Junior Apprentice Brother Ye, I’ll accompany you on your matter and do whatever you say. You just have to fight one round with me after you settle your affairs."

Ye Yuan made an ’up to you’ gesture and left by himself.

Wu Luochen laughed a "heh heh," and tagged along.

. . . . . .

Ye Yuan did not bother with the distinction between man and woman and directly barged into Liu Ruoshui’s residence. But it was empty.

Right then, Wu Luochen lent a hand instead. He inquired clearly about the direction Liu Ruoshui headed to, pieced it together, and he then told Ye Yuan, "Junior Apprentice Brother Ye, I’ve already inquired clearly. Junior Apprentice Sister Liu went to Su Yishan’s place!"

Ye Yuan was stunned. "Who is Su Yishan?"

"No way. You don’t even know who Su Yishan is?" This time around, it was Wu Luochen’s turn to be stunned.

"Why do I have to know who he is? Hang on, his surname is Su? Is he from the Su Family?" Ye Yuan suddenly recalled something and asked Wu Luochen.

Wu Luochen raised his thumb and praised Ye Yuan, "Junior Apprentice Brother Ye is indeed intelligent. Su Yishan is precisely Su Yubai’s nephew! Furthermore, he’s even rank ten on the Martial Roll! But according to my estimations, Su Yishan most likely already has the power to attack the top five! Junior Apprentice Brother Ye, why not . . . forget about it?"