Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 126: Are You for Real?

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

Placing these Goodwall Flowers inside his storage ring, Ye Yuan continued to search the deeper parts of the cave.

As an alchemist, Ye Yuan was very familiar with the living habits of all sorts of demonic beasts.

The Iron Paw Flying Bear was not just the accompanying beast for the Goodwall Flower. It also retained some habits of bears, for example, their love for eating honey!

Some honey was extremely precious. Ye Yuan just wanted to try his luck by going in.

This cave was very tidy. Clearly, that Iron Paw Flying Bear cherished this place greatly.

Before long, Ye Yuan saw a stone mound. The stone mound was slightly larger than that Iron Paw Flying Bear. It was clear that this was where it rested.

Ye Yuan surveyed the surroundings and went over to examine a lump of honey and could not help being thrilled.

"It’s actually Silver Sword Bee honey, and there’s so much! I really struck gold! Looks like that big stupid bear couldn’t bear to eat it and hoarded it here. Didn’t think that I would profit from this. Heh heh, with this thing, I can also justify to Feng Zhirou that lass later. Otherwise, she would definitely split me in half."

Silver Sword Bee was similarly a Tier 2 demonic beasts. Furthermore, its attack power was very strong, and its sting was highly toxic. The average person dared not approach it.

Looks like that stupid great bear’s skin is really thick. To actually finish off a Silver Sword Bee’s beehive. Truly impressive!

Silver Sword Bee’s honey was extremely hard to come by. The effects of just directly consuming it was not inferior to a transcendent-grade Essence Qi Pill!

After Ye Yuan broke through to the Spirit Condensation Realm, his cultivation would similarly require large quantities of medicinal pills.

The medicinal pill commonly used in the Endless World when cultivating at the Spirit Condensation Realm was called Essence Drop Pill. Ye Yuan obviously would not use such a low-level medicinal pill. He was prepared to refine a medicinal pill called Jade Water Pill. Its effect was more than a level stronger than the Essence Drop Pill.

And the Silver Sword Bee’s honey was precisely one of the core ingredients to refine the Jade Water Pill!

The medicinal pill that could be refined from so much Silver Sword Bee honey was roughly enough to let Ye Yuan breakthrough to the Fourth or Fifth Level Spirit Condensation Realm.

And the Silver Sword Bee honey had another use, which was whitening and beautifying!

With Ye Yuan’s methods, after refining several Beauty Retaining Pills to bribe Feng Zhirou, that lass most likely would not find trouble with him anymore.

Which woman did not wish to be forever young?

After collecting finish these Silver Sword Bee honey, Ye Yuan did not stay on and prepared to leave the cave straight away.

If Feng Zhirou could not hold on and that great stupid bear came back early trapping him inside, that would not be good.

Ye Yuan swiftly went to the cave entrance and was just about to exit the cave when a premonition suddenly struck! Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Four streaks of cold light came from four different directions, sneak attacking Ye Yuan directly!

The strength of these four people were all at the Spirit Condensation Realm!

The four light beams virtually locked down Ye Yuan from all angles for the purpose of taking his life!

In the time it took for sparks to fly off a flint, Ye Yuan had no time to think too much, and could not be bothered with his image. He directly dropped and rolled inside the cave, barely evading these four attacks!

Even so, a blade still struck Ye Yuan’s calf.

"Big Brother, turns out it’s just a Ninth Level Essence Qi Realm brat. Made us wait so seriously."

"Don’t underestimate this brat. A Ninth Level Essence Qi Realm could actually dodge our ambush. His strength can’t be downplay."

"What are you scared of him for? We, the Southern Ridge Four Heroes, are Spirit Condensation Realm experts. You’re even at the Third Level Spirit Condensation Realm, Big Brother. This brat also has the exit blocked by us. Don’t tell me he can fly away?"

The ambushers did not continue the pursuit but blocked the exit, sealing off the only way out.

Ye Yuan crawled up from the ground and felt a burning pain in his calf.

Ye Yuan was familiar with poison and knew that the blade was coated with poison. He involuntarily frowned and fished out a Detoxification Pill he refined from his storage ring and ate it. Only then did it suppress the toxin.

The Southern Ridge Four Heroes saw Ye Yuan’s actions but did not stop him. They just looked at him with a smile that was not a smile.

One of them said, "It’s useless, brat. This toxin was something we, Southern Ridge Four Heroes, begged from the Five Poison Immortal. Even if Tier 2 demonic beasts were struck by it, it would die from the poison half a day later, let alone a puny Ninth Level Essence Qi Realm like you. Ordinary detoxification pills completely can’t resolve this poison."

Ye Yuan ignored him, faced the boss-like martial artist, and answered with a question, "You guys are demonic beast hunters?"

Seeing how these few people’s equipments were shabby and their age was rather old, they were clearly not the Dan Wu Academy’s students. So that just left demonic beast hunters.

This place was roughly five hundred miles away from the boundaries, precisely the place where Spirit Condensation Realm demonic beast hunters frequent.

In the Endless trials, not only would one suffer attacks from students and demonic beasts, demonic beast hunters were likewise a source of danger!

They originally worked with their lives on the edge of a blade while the students in the Dan Wu Academy were all proud children of heaven who enjoy countless cultivation resources.

Under this comparison, there were naturally many demonic beast hunters who felt unfair. And among them, a percentage of them would choose to lay hands on students!

In past Endless Trials, the number of students who died at the hands of demonic beast hunters was not small.

"That’s right! If I guessed correctly, you should be a student from the Dan Wu Academy, right? Looks like it’s the time for the Dan Wu Academy’s Endless Trials once again," the boss said.

"Why did you guys ambush me?" Ye Yuan asked again.

The boss sniggered and pointed to where the Goodwall Flowers originally were and said, "Naturally for the precious herbs on you! This place should have many medicinal herbs, right? Looks like it was taken by you. Hand it over, and we will give you a painless end."

Hearing the boss’s words, Ye Yuan could not resist laughing. "You guys won’t even let me off if I hand over the herbs?"

"Heh, sorry! Who asked you to be from the Dan Wu Academy? If I let you off after you exit the Endless Forest, how will we, the Southern Ridge Four Heroes, survive?"

"Then what are you bullshitting for? Just directly make a move to snatch it and be done with it," Ye Yuan said sullenly.

That boss chortled. He continued talking with an attitude like everything was within his grasp. "Talking naturally has its purpose. Do you know what poison we smeared on the blade? This poison is called Hundred Breath Collapse. That’s to say that within a hundred breaths, the poison will flare up and you’ll have no way of resisting, and definitely die within half a day! From when you were poisoned till now, it’s been almost 90 breaths. Ten, nine, eight . . . one, down!"

This Hundred Breath Collapse proved effective every time the Southern Ridge Four Heroes used it. Even if a gargantuan build demonic beast were inflicted by this toxin, it would also collapse onto the ground within a hundred breaths.

Ye Yuan was only a Ninth Level Essence Qi Realm. He naturally could not escape this end.

But when he counted finish the ten breaths and said the word ’down,’ Ye Yuan remained standing there without any intention of collapsing.

"Eh? Did I count wrong? There’s still several breaths of time?" Boss said in bewilderment when he saw the situation.

Ye Yuan looked at this Southern Ridge Four Heroes’ boss and could not resist sighing. "Are you for real? Playing poison with this Little Lord, you are still a little too unskilled! When this Little Lord was playing with poison, I’m afraid your grandfather wasn’t even born yet!"

Comments (14)

YuYa

YuYa

Now make them your slaves and let them work for you.

funky_monkey

funky_monkey

And. How old is this lil boy right now?

KARBONZ

KARBONZ

Lol

Rate this chapter

Vote with Power Stone

Chapter 127: Sowing Discord

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

Although the Detoxification Pill Ye Yuan refined was only Tier 2, the composition of the medicinal pill was completely different from what Ye Hang refined.

Consuming the Detoxification pill and facing these Spirit Condensation Realm martial artists from the State of Qin, Ye Yuan could be said to be invulnerable to all poison!

If several Spirit Condensation Realm martial artists could inflict poison with a Detoxification Pill refined by an exalted Alchemy Emperor, then it would truly be a joke.

When Ye Yuan finished talking, the face of the boss of the Southern Ridge Four Heroes swiftly fell.

A teenage youth talking about his grandfather not being born yet to his face, these words had indescribable oddness.

Could it be that this brat was an old monster who just maintained this face using youth retaining techniques?

The boss quickly denied this thought. Being admitted into the Dan Wu Academy, one had to undergo a bone age test. If this brat was really an old monster, there was no way he could have entered the Dan Wu Academy.

And Ye Yuan was clearly just Ninth Level Essence Qi Realm. Which old monster’s strength was this lousy?

Hence, the boss’s final conclusion was that Ye Yuan was purely diverting him!

"Heh heh, your Detoxification Pill is a treasure. Even Hundred Breaths Collapse was useless to you. But do you think that with your power alone, you can escape from the four of us?" The boss sneered coldly.

Ye Yuan did not panic the slightest bit. Instead, he smiled lightly and said, "Southern Ridge Dead Dogs, right? You all can come and try."

Finishing, an azure tasseled sword suddenly appeared in Ye Yuan’s hand with an intimidating chilling qi.

It was precisely the Canghua Sword!

The instant the Canghua Sword appeared, the powerful aura unique to spirit artifacts swiftly enveloped the Southern Ridge Four Heroes.

Demonic beast hunters were people with vast experiences and knowledge. Once the Canghua sword showed itself, they felt its distinctiveness.

"Spirit artifact! It must be a spirit artifact! Precious artifacts and magic artifacts definitely don’t have this sort of undulations!" the Southern Ridge Boss exclaimed in shock, and his eyes instantly showed incomparable greed.

Being reminded by the Southern Ridge Boss, the other three people immediately also reacted. Their gaze similarly revealed that extremely greedy look.

"Hahahaha . . . To think that I, Chen Jieqiu, can actually own a spirit artifact. It’s truly heaven’s blessings! Brat, didn’t your family’s elders teach you the principle of not revealing valuables? Since you flashed out a spirit artifact, then I won’t stand on ceremony and just accept it!"

The Southern Ridge Boss laughed maniacally.

Right now, Chen Jieqiu was so agitated that he was shaking a little. This was a spirit artifact!

Even in his dreams, he did not think that he could actually possess a spirit artifact in this lifetime!

Chen Jieqiu already started to picture the scene of wielding the Canghua Sword and slaughtering in four directions. Just imagining it made one excited.

Ye Yuan looked at Chen Jieqiu, and with a smile that was obviously not sincere he said, "Is that so? But there’s only one spirit artifact, yet there are four of you. How do you plan on distributing it?"

Once Ye Yuan’s words came out, the Southern Ridge Four Heroes’ face changed.

"Humph! Trying to sow discord between us four brothers, you’re still too inexperienced, brat! Regarding the allocation, us brothers will naturally take our time to discuss it after killing you. No need for you to worry."

Chen Jieqiu had toughened himself after so many years in the pugilist world and quickly reacted to Ye Yuan’s intentions, and he tried to use words to calm his own brothers.

But now that Ye Yuan said that, Chen Jieqiu also quietly planned out how to settle the ownership of this spirit artifact.

After snatching over the spirit artifact, he would find a chance to finish off the other three people. This sword would belong to him alone!

Whatever Southern Ridge Four Heroes, whatever brotherhood runs deep, they were all nothing in front of a spirit artifact!

The martial arts world was where the strong prey on the weak. Only making one stronger was the absolute truth. Chen Jieqiu braved all kinds of dangers for so many years. How could he be unaware of this principle?

"Really? But I saw your look when you were talking just now, and it doesn’t seem like you want to share with your brothers. You aren’t thinking about pacifying your brothers first, and then killing them after snatching the spirit artifact to keep it all to yourself, right? Don’t get agitated. I was just guessing. Hur hur." Ye Yuan beamed widely with squinted eyes.

Having his inner thoughts seen through, Chen Jieqiu could not help becoming furious. "You are seeking death, brat! Us brothers have braved through fire and water for so many years. Our feelings are as solid as metal. Do you think that just by sowing a bit of dissent, we’ll fall for it? Brothers, kill this brat first!"

"Ai-ya-ya, becoming angry from shame? You say that your feelings are as tough as metal. Do you dare to swear a Heavenly Dao Oath?"

"What’s there to be afraid of? However, kill you first before talking! Old Second, Old Third, Old Fourth, what are you standing there stupidly for? Don’t tell me our relationship can’t even stand up to a few sentences from this punk?" Chen Jieqiu gave a pained expression.

The other three people exchanged glances but did not make a move for a long time. Clearly, Ye Yuan’s words took effect.

"Heh heh, it’s not that your feelings aren’t deep, it’s the benefits which are too substantial! The allure of spirit artifacts is too great. Who can resist it? The way I see it, the few of you are vicious and ruthless people. Your relationship was good last time because there wasn’t the temptation of enormous benefits. But now, there’s a spirit artifact that appeared in front of you all. None of you can remain calm, right? The few of you aren’t his match in the first place. Once he gets the spirit artifact, can you all still survive?" Ye Yuan said it calmly.

Ye Yuan’s words made the other three people’s expression change once more. No matter how good a spirit artifact was, it was not as good as one’s life.

These Southern Ridge Four Heroes were originally infamous among demonic beast hunters. Each of them was ruthlessly cruel and cunning like foxes.

To say that the four of them were demonic beast hunters, one might as well say that they were hunters of hunters. They frequently moved against other demonic beast hunters, incurring the wrath of both heaven and men.

But these four people’s strength was also very great, resulting in nobody dared to provoke them, and could only do their best to hide from them.

These four people looked as if they were a monolithic block, but in reality, each had their own abominable quality.

In front of profits, how could they advance and retreat together as they used to before?

At this time, Old Second finally said, "Big Brother, not that we don’t believe you, but this spirit artifact is overly important. It is better if we discuss what to do with it first, then each swears a Heavenly Dao Oath."

When Old Second said that, Chen Jieqiu’s heart immediately sunk. Clearly, his killing intent was roused.

However, Chen Jieqiu was the most cunning out of the four, so he naturally would not show it on his face.

Chen Jieqiu laughed and said, "Since that’s the case, then us brothers discuss it first. Anyway, this brat can’t escape, so there’s no rush."

Seeing this scene, a trace of a sneer flashed across the corner of Ye Yuan’s mouth.

Bystanders see things clearly. He knew that this Chen Jieqiu already had the intent to kill.

Currently, those three people still wanted to get a share, so they obviously could not detect Chen Jieqiu’s thoughts.

Seeing the boss being so amiable, the three people also felt relieved.

"Old Second, I’m afraid you already have some idea, right? Why not say it out and let us brothers hear it." Not the slightest bit of worry could be seen on Chen Jieqiu face.

Old Second nodded and said, "The spirit artifact is an important artifact. It can’t be easily revealed to people. Otherwise, the four of us will definitely be chased to the ends of the world, and finally, whether we can keep it or not is still a question mark. Hence, those who have seen that us brothers have a spirit artifact must die!"

When that was said, the other three also strongly felt the same and nodded to express their agreement.

But right then, the essence energy in Chen Jieqiu’s body was already quietly revolving. The danger slowly approached . . .