Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1276: Ice Sealing Ten Thousand Miles, a Thousand Autumn Snowfalls!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Ye Yuan’s mind went buzzing for a bit, feeling like it was going to burst open.

The instant when he saw this figure, Ye Yuan finally understood just for what reason was his inexplicable heart palpitation!

Back then, Li-er was fine, and a chord in Ye Yuan’s heart loosened up.

Ye Yuan also did not go and bother about that inexplicable palpitation anymore.

But it was precisely because of so that the self-reproach in his heart right now was even more severe.

“Hahaha, what’s with your expression? Is it very surprising? Is it very delightful?” Seeing Ye Yuan’s expression, Kanuo laughed loudly and said.

Ye Yuan’s expression instantly darkened to the extreme.

His heart was dripping blood!

On the cross, four elegant limbs were nailed on it by four nails.

Fresh blood had long dried up!

That nail, Ye Yuan recognized it. It was called Soul Locking Nail. It was capable of nailing a person’s divine soul, making it unable to escape.

Even a Divine King powerhouse could not either!

The cross also faintly had law undulations. It was clearly not an ordinary object.

Ye Yuan saw through at a glance, that array formation was precisely used for sealing essence energy!

On the cross, that kingdom-toppling face had a look of calmness and did not seem to have much fear.

On the contrary, there was actually still a hint of smile on her face!

But that hint of smile was even more like a steel needle, jabbing onto Ye Yuan’s heart.

Ye Yuan understood the meaning of that smile!

She did not blame, did not resent; she ... just wanted to look at her heart’s intent!

Meeting under this kind of circumstance to her, it was instead a ... most welcomed situation!

She was the Divine Realm’s number one beauty ... Mu Lingxue!

“Hahah ... little girl, looks like there isn’t you at all in his heart! Back then, he nearly fell into depravity for the Yue Family’s little girl. But he has never cared about you before!” Kanuo said with a loud laugh.

Mu Lingxue ignored him. Looking at Ye Yuan, she said faintly, “Looks like, you’re really very surprised.”

Ye Yuan’s heart twinged fiercely!

He opened his mouth but did not know what he should say.

What could he say?

Say that I had actually had Sudden Impulse before, but I never thought of you at all?

Mu Lingxue smiled.

The ice-beauty’s smile was peerless and kingdom-toppling. It was as if heaven and earth were melted away.

The Mu Lingxue at this time gave people a heart-wrenchingly beautiful feeling.

Below, everyone was completely silent.

Everyone knew that there was an unclear relationship entanglement between the Heaven Surmounting Divine King and the Spirit Snow Divine King.

Back then, how many amazingly talented geniuses pursued the Spirit Snow Divine King.

But she only had feelings for the Heaven Surmounting Divine King!

It was unfortunate that the heartless brook babbled on while the dropping flowers pined for love. The two people did not walk together in the end.

Time had passed and circumstances have changed; the former Ji Qingyun returned with the domineering attitude of the Heaven Surmounting Divine King, but he walked together with Bright Moon City’s proud daughter of heaven.

This was originally something that followed a logical train of thought as well. No one dared to say anything much.

After all, it was basically an outcome that happened without any external stimulus between Ji Qingyun and Mu Lingxue.

Nobody could not have thought that just as the war was about to settle down, Kanuo actually used the Spirit Snow Divine King as a hostage to threaten Ye Yuan!

Very clearly, it worked!

“You don’t need to say anything. I’ll just ask you one sentence!” Mu Lingxue said calmly.

Ye Yuan really did not know what kind of words to use to describe his current emotions.

If Mu Lingxue let loose a torrent of abuse to his face, he might be able to feel a bit better in his heart.

But Mu Lingxue was too calm, calm to the point where it made people terrified.

Mu Lingxue’s every word was like a blade, cutting on his heart blade by blade, making him feel unspeakable agony.

Only at this moment did Ye Yuan knew, the Deity Realm was not omnipotent!

At this very moment, even if he grasped Heavenly Dao, he was also that powerless.

Was there really no Mu Lingxue in his heart?

No!

A person was not a stalk of grass or a tree, how could one be heartless?

Previous life, he sought Dao wholeheartedly, feeling that attachments were a burden.

Towards Mu Lingxue’s feelings, he was not willing to accept.

But he did not really have no feelings for Mu Lingxue!

If not so, how could he refine pills for Mu Lingxue and save her life?

Later on, Ye Yuan met with a catastrophe and was stranded at the Endless World, but ran into Yue Mengli in an accident arising from many causes.

This disaster changed Ye Yuan far too much. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Not only did he embark on the Martial path, but he also opened up his heart and let Yue Mengli walk into his heart.

The two people experienced life and death together. Yue Mengli also finally moved Ye Yuan.

And Ye Yuan did not wish to let Yue Mengli down. That was why he would force himself to forget that past relationship.

Want to blame, could only blame fate for making a mockery out of men; the two people just passed each other by!

Even so, she did not blame him for anything either.

She did not even go and find trouble with Yue Mengli. Instead, when Ye Yuan was in danger, she saved Ye Yuan’s life!

Later on, she disappeared completely in Ye Yuan’s life again.

From start to end, Ye Yuan had never met her, and did not even get to say a word of thanks!

The hardest thing to bear was a beauty’s favor!

Toward Yue Mengli, toward Mu Lingxue, how was it not like so as well?

Mu Lingxue was the Divine Realm’s well-renowned ice-beauty. Towards anyone, she had an icy-cold attitude.

But only when facing him, her entire person seemed to be thaw out.

This was a treatment that nobody had.

Different from the warmth of Yue Mengli’s love, Mu Lingxue’s love was like her personality; cold and silent!

Leaving the Medicine King Hall back then, Mu Lingxue never took a step into the Medicine King Hall again, entering closed-seclusion since then.

All the way until the Medicine King Hall’s change and the news of Ji Qingyun’s demise, his Dao vanishing, came to her attention.

She exited seclusion!

What Ye Yuan did not know was that Mu Lingxue had once gone up to the Medicine King Hall by herself and fought with Ji Canglan for several days, returning with serious injuries.

Later, Mu Lingxue knew that she was not Ji Canglan’s match. Hence, she paid attention to the Medicine King Hall’s movements in secret, before there was that day’s rescue.

These 30 to 40 years of suffering, only Mu Lingxue herself knew!

But she had never gone to meet Ye Yuan to recount about everything before.

She just loved him in solitary in her own way.

“Y-You say!” Ye Yuan said with his tongue dry.

These few years, for the sake of Li-er, he practically sealed Mu Lingxue this person from his heart.

Therefore, even if it was Sudden Impulse, he also did not expect that it was actually related to Mu Lingxue.

But today, seeing Mu Lingxue, that seal was broken without the least bit of resistance.

Was it all life, or Mu Lingxue?

This was a multiple-choice question placed before Ye Yuan!

Clearly, this multiple choice question had no solution!

Even if he grasped Heavenly Dao presently, even if he looked down upon the world at present, even if he no longer had rivals in the world, it was also not possible for him to save Mu Lingxue from Kanuo’s hands.

Because he knew that Kanuo absolutely would not give him a chance.

Mu Lingxue was the final hidden card that Kanuo specially prepared for Ye Yuan, and it was also a trump card. How could Kanuo possibly give him a chance?

Compared to Ye Yuan’s dilemma, Mu Lingxue seemed calmer.

In everyone’s view, she did not have any awareness of being a hostage.

Although her appearance looked very bleak and forlorn, it gave people a calm and magnanimous feeling.

The corners of Mu Lingxue’s lips curled up. She smiled.

It was only to see her lightly open her red lips and slowly recite, “Ice sealing ten thousand miles, a thousand autumn snowfalls!”