Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1514 Purple Extreme Sec

Mo Han directly blocked the three people’s path. Beside him even tagged along a youngster with bright eyes and refined features.

Ye Yuan briefly sized up this Azure Phoenix and discovered that this person’s gaze was deep and unusually calm. Clearly, he was not a simple person.

Yi Han’s brows furrowed and she said with a cold snort, “Mo Han, what do you mean?”

Mo Han’s eyes narrowed and he said with a smile, “No meaning. Master Source Night gained face for me, so I got to give back a little. Don’t you think so?”

Toward Ye Yuan, Mo Han was currently extremely resentful.

He already became all of the Blood Yama Hall’s hall masters’ joke right now.

Just earlier, he was even mocked by people.

However, if he was mocked, he was mocked. He could not do anything to Ye Yuan at all.

Mo Han was not a fool. He knew that Ye Yuan would definitely get the headquarters’ heavy emphasis.

After all, an alchemy genius capable of triggering the Great Dao Heavenly Melody was seriously too rare.

But before this, he still had to win back a bit of ground. Otherwise, it would be hard to dispel the hatred in his heart.

The news of Heavenstar coming to find Ye Yuan, only Yi Han alone knew.

Now, Heavenstar changed his looks and hid his aura, Following by Yi Han’s side, he looked just like an old servant. Mo Han did not recognize him at all.

Ye Yuan gave Mo Han a glance and said coolly, “Whatever tricks there are, feel free to use them!”

But Mo Han grinned and said, “Heh, still so arrogant! What’s competed inside this ruins isn’t alchemy, but martial arts! Do you think that by winning Ka Xin, that kind of weakling, you’re invincible under the heavens? Even if you’re a genius, if you perish inside the ruins, then you aren’t a genius no more!”

These words were a blatant threat.

“Humph! Hall Master Mo Han is really so awe-inspiring! You even dare to scheme against a person that headquarters want?” A thunderous voice entered his eyes.

Mo Han’s brows furrowed when he heard that and was just about to fly off the handle. Suddenly, he discovered that a pale-blue flame danced on the fingertips of that old man behind Yi Han.

His gaze turned sharp, immediately recognizing this flame.

This pale-blue flame was called Cerulean Heavenly Fire, the divine fire of the imperial city’s Fiend Medicine Hall’s Elder Heavenstar.

This shock was by no means insignificant!

This old man was actually Elder Heavenstar coming in person!

Mo Han panicked and was just about to bow when Heavenstar transmitted his voice once more, “Hush up, good that you know! This old man’s trip is confidential. If you dare to call it out, be careful of your little life! Also, you’d best warn the people you brought. If they dare to touch Ye Yuan, you know the consequences!”

Mo Han sweat profusely, frightened until his soul left his body.

Hr originally thought that he could borrow the opportunity of the ruins this time to deal with Ye Yuan up well, but he did not expect that upstairs moved so quickly. They actually already sent Elder Heavenstar over!

“Haha, Young Sister Yi Han came huh! Master Source Night!”

“Younger Sister Yi Han, you came so slow!”

“Younger Sister Yi Han, Master Source Night, our Fiend Medicine Hall’s hall master even made me pass on a message, insisting on thanking you all.”

...

At this time, there were also quite a few people who noticed Yi Han two people. Those hall masters all came up to greet.

When Mo Han saw this scene, it was like he was granted amnesty, retreating to one side obediently. How could he still dare to speak?

Even though the matter of Ye Yuan triggering Great Dao Heavenly Melody could not be said to the outside world, the matter of him preaching on Dao was not considered a secret.

Those hall masters coming up to greet was also something within reason.

Except, these geniuses were all mostly kept in a dark, not knowing what was going on at all.

A large group of Fiend Lord powerhouses was actually so polite to a Fiend General. It frightened them badly.

“Who is that kid? His strength is so weak, but he can actually make so many important people go up to say hello.”

“More than say hello, why do I feel that ... the hall masters are currying favor with him?”

“Could it be that this kid’s strength already surpassed us? This ... isn’t possible, right?”

“Bullshit! What do you guys know? That kid is a Fiend Apothecary. Heard that his alchemy strength is extremely formidable. The last time at Capone Capital City, he preached on Dao for quite a few Fiend Medicine Hall’s hall masters!”

“What?! A Two-star Fiend Apothecary preaching on Dao for Fiend Medicine Halls’ hall masters? This ... No wonder these hall masters have this attitude.”

...

The geniuses all gathered around and started gossiping about Ye Yuan’s origins.

Very soon, Ye Yuan’s ‘details’ were figured out clearly by them.

Hearing that Ye Yuan was an alchemy expert, they lost interest in Ye Yuan.

How much threat could an alchemy expert Fiend General pose to them?

At this time, a wave of fiendish energy surged. A powerful aura descended from the sky.

“Elder Di En!” The group of hall masters bowed.

Clearly, this Lord Di En’s position in the Blood Yama Hall was extremely high.

Di En’s gaze swept over Heavenstar there and he opened his mouth to say indifferently, “The time has arrived. Now, I’m going to activate the ruins. Those who can enter and clear it in the end will have generous rewards! But all of the rewards inside these ruins all belong to my Blood Yama Hall! Whoever dares to pocket it will become enemies with my Blood Yama Hall!”

Talking to the back, Di En seethed with killing intent, making all of the geniuses’ hearts turn cold.

Ye Yuan was also surprised when he heard it. It seemed like the rewards inside these ruins were quite generous!

Di En reached his hand out and waved. A thousand milky-white stones suspended in the air.

He formed a seal. A thousand milky-white stones emitted a dazzling light, shooting straight at the door of the ruins.

“It’s middle-grade fiend essence stones! My god, 1000 middle-grade fiend essence stones! The Blood Yama Hall is so extravagant!”

“Looks like this ruin is indeed extraordinary!”

“No wonder the Blood Yama Hall expended such a great price to bring us over. Looks like the rewards inside this ruin are huge!”

...

Those 1000 milky-white stones were a higher level existence than low-grade fiend essence stones. They were middle-grade fiend essence stones!

One piece of middle-grade fiend essence stone was equivalent to 10 thousand pieces of low-grade fiend essence stones. That was something used by Fiend Lord and above powerhouses. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

In capital cities, this level of city, it was extremely rare for middle-grade fiend essence stones to appear.

Middle-grade fiend essence stones were very precious and tend to have demand, but no market.

Di En’s opening move was a thousand pieces. It was truly extravagant.

Rumble ...

The stone door slowly opened, revealing a pitch-black cave.

“Younger Brother Source Night, after going in, take good care. If you see that the matter can’t be done, just directly give up. You have to know, your life is more important than the treasures inside the ruins,” Heavenstar transmitted his voice.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “Elder Brother, rest assured. I won’t treat my life as a joke.”

“Everyone, all go in then! After entering, you all will naturally know what you should do,” Di En said coolly.

When the geniuses heard that, they did not hesitate either, directly entering in a single line, disappearing into the cave.

Ye Yuan only felt a blur before his eyes and was actually directly transported away.

When he appeared again, he already arrived inside a vast hall.

And he actually appeared on a ring

Looking again, Ye Yuan discovered that there were actually 12 arenas in the hall.

And he just happened to occupy one.

Same as Ye Yuan, there were 11 others standing on the rings, appearing somewhat at a loss.

“Welcome to the Purple Extreme Sect’s land of inheritance!” An archaic voice echoed out inside the hall.