Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1516 The Strongest 18

Bang!

Bang!

Bang!

...

One figure flew down the ring after another. The faces of the people at the back got uglier and uglier.

How was this a soft persimmon? This was clearly a bulldozer!

These peak geniuses did not have any strength to retaliate in front of Ye Yuan at all.

Ye Yuan was able to kill Ka Xin, this level of genius, when he had just become a high-rank Fiend General.

Now, he already broke through to grand completion Fiend General. Regardless of whether it was realm or power of laws, they were much stronger.

If he faced-off with Ka Xin again, Ye Yuan would absolutely be able to hang the other party up and beat him up.

Even if these capital cities’ geniuses were more powerful than Ka Xin, they were also not that more powerful. How could they be Ye Yuan’s match?

Furthermore, those who rushed over to Ye Yuan’s side were mostly not confident in their own strength, people who wanted to take advantage of the moment.

Who knew that they kicked an iron plate.

“Hey, you guys, look. Is my eyesight failing? That alchemy genius’s martial prowess is actually so strong!”

“Holy sh*t! Crushing an opponent with one move! I can’t even see him make his move clearly at all!”

“Luckily, I was a tad slower just now. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be any hope at all now.”

...

The other arenas’ people suddenly discovered that their side had not fought two matches yet and Ye Yuan’s side already had half the people go down.

This speed was a little too fast.

Very soon, Ye Yuan cleaned up the people on the ring while the other arenas were only just starting.

“Tsk tsk, didn’t expect that the spot of an arena lord was so easy,” Ye Yuan smacked his hands and said emotionally.

“Puhwark!”

When the people on the other rings heard this, they nearly spewed out a mouthful of old blood.

Their side fought for their lives, but Ye Yuan were exceptionally good, to actually already sweep away his opponents.

The Eminent Orchid Six Sons also revealed visible changes in countenance. Clearly, this Source Night’s strength greatly exceeded their imaginations.

“Congratulations, No. 3 ring’s arena lord is born. Obtained the Purple Extreme Sect’s reward, Void Jade Saturn Peach.”

A bright red Saturn peach landed from the void, landing in Ye Yuan’s hand.

Ye Yuan looked at the Saturn peach brimming with spiritual energy, his brows slightly furrowed.

“Senior, have you seen this thing before?” Ye Yuan asked Dustless.

“Never seen before! I believe this Void Jade Saturn Peach is likely an extremely rare item.” Dustless said.

Ye Yuan could not help being secretly astonished. With Dustless’s experience and knowledge, he actually did not even see this Void Jade Saturn Peach before!

No wonder the Blood Yama Hall expended such a great price to let them come to this ancient ruin.

It seemed like the good things here were quite a few!

With Ye Yuan’s understanding of spirit medicines, this Void Jade Saturn Peach was absolutely a good stuff worth several cities.

The Eminent Orchid Six Sons’ strength was indeed powerful. They also smoothly took the titles of arena lord without the slightest effort.

Time slowly trickled by. The other five platforms also respectively gave birth to their arena lords.

Each arena lord obtained a reward belonging to themselves, so on and so forth.

Ye Yuan noticed that these reward items, most of them, he had not heard before. Even Dustless completely did not recognize too.

But without fail, they were all good things!

At this time, that old voice sounded out again.

“Congratulations to the 12 arena lords. Now, the real test begins! Starting from now, you guys will be facing the real test! Your opponents are the Purple Extreme Sect’s strongest 18 young powerhouses throughout the ages! Every six opponents that you all defeat, you’ll obtain a corresponding reward. Work hard, youngsters!”

The 12 people on the rings all revealed solemn looks.

Although they did not know what kind of existence this Purple Extreme Sect was, even the Blood Yama Hall, this kind of titan, could not do anything about it, and could only clear the hurdles honestly and in earnest. It showed that this sect’s strength was definitely very strong.

The strength of 18 of the young generation’s strongest people likely could not be underestimated!

Suddenly, 12 beams of light shone down from the sky of the hall.

Ye Yuan only felt a blur before his eyes and he was transported into a region of space again.

A ray of light flashed by, a young man appeared in front of Ye Yuan.

Ye Yuan revealed a surprised look. This was his opponent?

Looking at the other party, there was flesh and blood, could he be a living person still?

“No need to be so surprised, we’ve long turned to dust already. Right now, we’re merely a projection.” The other party seemed to have seen through Ye Yuan’s thoughts and prompted with a smile.

Ye Yuan’s brows furrowed and he said in surprise, “This projection ... is also too lifelike, right? Moreover ... you actually still have consciousness!”

An ancient era’s projection could actually communicate with him!

The other party smiled and said, “This land of inheritance has a trace of our divine sense attached, so we’re naturally able to communicate. Your cultivation speed is very fast. 100 years or so bone age, furthermore, you started cultivating from a small world’s mortal. To actually be able to reach such heights, truly remarkable.”

Ye Yuan was greatly alarmed in his heart. His exact details were actually seen inside out by the other party!

When the other party saw Ye Yuan’s expression, he said, “You don’t need to be shocked. When you were transported here, you’ve already been thoroughly checked by the land of inheritance. It’s not strange that I know these.”

Ye Yuan came to a realization and said, “So that’s how it is!”

The other party said, “I’m called Mei Fang, you?”

Ye Yuan cupped his fists and said, “I’m Ye Yuan!”

Mei Fang nodded and said, “Fighting with you, I’m somewhat winning unscrupulously. But ... I have no command over myself too. Begin then!”

Ye Yuan nodded and said, “Please!”

Mei Fang’s brows knitted slightly and he said, “You’re not making a move?”

He discovered that Ye Yuan was still standing with his hands clasped behind his back and did not have the intention of making a move at all. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This was also looking down on people too much.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “Senior should have heard before, formless beats having moves.”

Mei Fang’s eyes lit up and he laughed loudly and said, “Good, good, truly, the young are to be feared! Then I’ll have a taste of your formless beats having moves! This is my self-created sword move, Literature 36 Swords. You be careful!”

“Drawing the Sword and Seeing Nothing but Emptiness All Round!”

Mei Fang’s sword was full of heroic spirit, profligate and unrestrained.

The power of laws already reached late-stage Sword Dao third-layered heaven, the power extremely daunting.

Even though he had only half-step Origin Deity strength, he was one of the most powerful opponents that Ye Yuan had encountered!

Similarly being at the half-step Origin Deity Realm, this Mei Fang’s strength was more than ten times stronger than Ka Xin!

Right then, Ye Yuan made a move.

“Shatter!”

Ye Yuan’s sword carried an incomparably bizarre power of laws, directly blocking Mei Fang’s sword.

Mei Fang’s gaze turned intent, revealing a look of great astonishment.

This sword move of Ye Yuan looked plain and ordinary, but the move directly attacked the place where he was the most vulnerable.

“Good sword! Flashing Tiger and Dragon Divine Sword Soars!”

Mei Fang yelled out, his move changing. The power of laws suddenly changed dramatically.

He changed moves fast, Ye Yuan was likewise not slow!

It was only to see the tip of Ye Yuan’s sword reverse, stabbing over like a shadow following.

Ye Yuan did not know that their 12 people’s battle situation was all being projected on the rings at this time.

Those eliminated genius martial artists took their every move and action into their sights.

The moment the battle began, those geniuses emitted a series of exclamations.

“Di Fan is so strong! Indeed well-deserving of being the head of the Eminent Orchid Six Sons! He only used ten moves to finish off his opponent!”

“The Eminent Orchid Six Sons are the Eminent Orchid Six Sons, too strong! The slowest only used 20 moves too.”

“Heh, even though that Source Night became an arena lord, his strength is indeed the weakest! A hundred moves had already passed, he actually still hasn’t finished off his opponent yet.”