Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1531 Chill at the Balls

“Little Brother really has a sharp eye for discerning people. I, Ah Four, am a famous living map in the southern city! The matters in Heavenly Eagle Imperial City, there’s none that I don’t know!” Ah Four’s saliva flew everywhere.

Ye Yuan swept a glance over him and said coolly, “Then you tell me about this Heavenly Eagle Imperial City’s situation.”

Ah Four had an excited look as he said, “Heh, this isn’t a problem ...”

Ah Four started to spew things unceasingly, introducing the Heavenly Eagle Imperial City’s structure.

The Heavenly Eagle Imperial City was divided into a total of five major regions, north, south, east, west, four cities, as well as the inner city.

Within the imperial city, ranks were extremely stringent. The people of the four cities were prohibited from entering the inner city without getting permission.

Those who disobey were killed without amnesty.

And the prime requirement for entering the inner city was to possess the identity of a permanent residence, which was also the permanent token!

50 million divine essence stones made the vast majority of the people shrink back.

North, south, east, west, four cities, could be said to be the commoner areas, dragons and carps mingled together.

The region that Ye Yuan was at right now was the south city.

The south city was ruled by six major factions, the Dongfang Family, Zhao Family, Sun Family, three great families, as well as the Dragon Slaying Gang, Silverfeather Gang, as well as the Sun Moon Gang, three great gangs.

The three great families monopolized the south city’s economic lifeblood, while the three great gangs dominated the market.

The three people chatted as they walked and already passed through quite a few streets.

The streets bustled with heavy traffic; very flourishing.

Whoosh!

The three people were currently walking when a large group of people rushed out all of a sudden, surrounding the three people.

When the neighbors saw this scene, quite a few people all gathered together, seemingly already accustomed to it.

“The Dragon Slaying Gang is bullying newcomers again. This kid is also unlucky, why did he find Ah Four?”

“This kid has refined features and bright eyes, looks like a young master. One look and it’s clear that he hasn’t seen much of life. No wonder he would fall for it.”

“Hope that this kid is more sensible, saves himself a bout of beating too.”

...

There was a scar on the face of the person in front, looking very ferocious.

He sized Ye Yuan up and down, just like a greedy wild wolf.

“Ah Four, this fat sheep that you brought this time looks pretty good!” said the scar-faced man with a smile.

Ah Four went up to greet subserviently and said smilingly with an arched waist, “Hall Master Hu, it’s more than pretty good! This kid spent a million divine essence stones without even furrowing a brow.”

The scar-faced man’s brows raised up and he said delightedly, “Yo, it’s really a big fish! Ah Four, you did a good job this time. Later, you’ll get 5000!”

The moment Ah Four heard, he was overjoyed and hurriedly said, “Many thanks, Hall Master Hu! Many thanks, Hall Master Hu!”

Ye Yuan looked at this scene rather interestedly and said coolly, “So ... you’re not planning on bringing me to the Myriad Treasure Tower, are you?”

The moment the scar-faced man heard this, he laughed loudly and said, “Myriad Treasure Tower? Hahaha ... we are. Leave behind all the divine essence stones on your body, Grandpa Hu won’t care where you go.”

Ye Yuan said coolly, “If I say no?”

The moment the scar-faced man heard this, he said with a smile that was not a smile, “Every newcomer is very stubborn when they enter the city. But later, they become even more obedient like the dog at my house. Ah Four didn’t tell you how strong this south city’s Dragon Slaying Gang is? And I’m the Dragon Slaying Gang’s Azurewood Hall’s hall master, Hu Azurewood.”

Ye Yuan’s eyes narrowed slightly and he said, “Dragon Slaying Gang? Truly a fine name!”

Ye Yuan was born as half of the dragon race. This bunch of guys actually named the gang Dragon Slaying Gang. Wasn’t it coming to slay him?

Hu Azurewood laughed loudly when he heard that and said, “Is that so? I also feel that the name Dragon Slaying Gang is very domineering! Haha, but even if you curry favor, it’s no use too! Hurry up and hand over the divine essence stones on you. Otherwise ... your Grandpa Hu will teach you how to behave properly today!”

A cold light appeared in Ye Yuan’s eyes, his figure suddenly disappearing.

Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh.

Hu Azurewood had yet to react to what happened and Ye Yuan stood in front of him once more.

His expression turned dark and he pointed at Ye Yuan and said, “Brat, what are you playing at?”

Ye Yuan could not be bothered with him and said to Long Zhan, “Let’s go! Uh, bring him along.”

Long Zhan nodded and directly reached his hand out and grabbed toward Ah Four.

Ah Four was merely Heaven Glimpse Realm cultivation. How was he Long Zhan’s match? Long Zhan knocked him out with one slap, then dragged him away like dragging a dead dog.

“Want to go? Have you asked your Grandpa Hu?”

Hu Azurewood shouted loudly and was about to make a move.

Suddenly, he felt a chill below his crotch.

“Hahahaha!”

The surrounding neighbors all started roaring with laughter.

Turns out that the moment these dozen over people made their move, their pants all fell down.

Now, they only felt a chill at their balls.

“Laughing at what?! Laugh again and we’ll smash your shops!”

Hu Azurewood, a big grown man, was blushing scarlet red at this time.

But his prestige still had an effect. Everyone indeed did not dare to laugh anymore.

It was just that each and every one was stifled until their faces were bright red; very uncomfortable.

He hurriedly picked up his pants and said with a livid look, “This kid’s realm isn’t high, but his strength is actually so strong! If he wanted to kill us just now, we’d all be dead men now!”

Hu Azurewood was a middle-stage Origin Deity expert. The subordinates that he brought even had five or six initial-stage Origin Deity.

This level of strength already could not be ignored in the south city. Who knew that they were brought down by a young man with one sword.

Hu Azurewood did not see clearly how Ye Yuan drew his sword just now at all.

A look of horror appeared in Hu Azurewood’s eyes. He, a middle-stage Origin Deity, actually could not even see how an initial-stage Origin Deity drew his sword. This was too scary!

The sight of a dozen over burly men picking up their pants and running on the streets was very spectacular.

...

Ah Four slowly woke up. Seeing the ferocious Long Zhan with malice written all over his face, he was immediately frightened out of his wits.

“Spare me! Your Excellency, spare me! This lowly one ... this lowly one was compelled against his will too!”

Ah Four knelt on the ground and begged with snot and tears running.

“I asked around earlier, the south city doesn’t have a Myriad Treasure Tower at all! The Heavenly Eagle Imperial City’s Myriad Treasure Tower is in the inner city!” Ye Yuan said coolly.

Ah Four trembled all over and said, “I ... I have a way of contacting the inner city! I ... I’ll definitely help Your Excellency contact the Myriad Treasure Tower!”

Ye Yuan gave him a glance and said with a smile, “Talking with smart people is effort-saving. It’s just too bad that your judgment is too poor.”

Ah Four cried bitterness when he heard that. How could he have thought that a kid who had just entered Origin Deity would actually have such formidable strength?

When Ye Yuan attacked with his sword, he only felt a gust of wind blow past and did not see anything at all.

This kind of speed was simply too terrifying.

Origin Deity Realm powerhouses attacking, Ah Four had naturally seen before quite a few. But he had never seen before such terrifying sword arts.

If he had long known it was like this, lend him a few galls and he would not dare as well!

“Your Excellency ... it was all Ah Four who had eyes but couldn’t see! But Your Excellency rest assured, Ah Four have never thought of harming Your Excellency’s life before! Hall Master Hu they all are only seeking wealth and won’t harm lives,” Ah Four said with a trembling voice. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ye Yuan said coolly, “If you all have killing intent aroused, then it wouldn’t be as simple as pants dropping.”

Ah Four shuddered all over, only then, knowing that he had already made a trip to the gates of hell and back.

Suddenly, Ye Yuan slowly got up and said, “Let’s go.”

Ah Four froze and said, “Go where?”

Ye Yuan said coolly, “Bring me to the Dragon Slaying Gang’s headquarters.”