Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1543 Everyone Coming to MakeTrouble

Chen Biao’s expression changed a few times. Finally, he gave a cold snort and went to the back to queue up obediently.

The boss made it clear, the important thing was to smash the signboard, not cause trouble.

In the words of the chief head: since they dare to put up a will grant all requests signboard, they must be able to withstand exposure to the elements.

That guy on the stretcher was the big gift that the boss carefully prepared!

When Meng Huo saw Chen Biao retreat, being well-behaved, he had an even more foreboding premonition.

Chen Biao’s temper was very similar to his, with both being the impatient and hot-tempered type. Normally, he would have long come to blows.

There must be something strange for things to be this abnormal!

That guy on the stretcher was probably not easy to treat!

Meng Huo looked over toward Ye Yuan rather worriedly and discovered that Ye Yuan’s expression was normal and did not seem to care at all.

Even though he was very confident in Ye Yuan, to an alchemist, to not know something was quite normal.

Treating one strange and difficult disease did not mean that he was omnipotent.

Ye Yuan being able to cure Zhu Yongtian did not mean he could treat everybody.

Regarding Ye Yuan hanging this plaque, Meng Huo still begged to differ in his heart.

Not just him, everyone including their boss, they were all rather worried. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

After all, once this plaque was hung, who they would offend would not be one or two people!

Most likely, the entire south city, even the entire imperial city’s alchemists would come to find trouble!

“Ning Siyu, go and make a medicinal soup according to this prescription and let him drink it.” Ye Yuan casually wrote a prescription and instructed Ning Siyu to go and do things.

“Alright!” Ning Siyu got up excitedly and received the prescription from Ye Yuan’s hands, and she went to boil the medicine subserviently.

When everyone saw this scene, they could not help being incomparably shocked.

This lass was a middle-stage Origin Deity, to actually be ordered about by Master Ye.

Looking at the lass’s appearance, she even seemed to be enjoying it.

A few days in, Ning Siyu’s standard still obtained Ye Yuan’s recognition.

Although a little impetuous, she was indeed a good sapling, having a very high level of comprehension.

Brewing medicine with her middle-rank Three-star Alchemy God status was naturally wasting talented people for trivial tasks.

“Next!” Ye Yuan said indifferently.

At this time, another group of people poured in.

Seeing this group of people, Meng Huo’s brows furrowed even tighter.

The arrival was the Sun Moon Gang’s fifth head, Ding Song.

Behind this group of people, a foolish-looking young man was brought along, saliva drooling.

Seeing this simpleton, Meng Huo’s heart abruptly sunk.

He naturally recognized this simpleton. That was the eldest son of the Qian Family within the Sun Moon Gang’s sphere of influence, Qian Ping.

Since birth, Qian Ping was a simpleton, all the way until now.

The children of Deity Realm powerhouses would rarely have simpletons appear.

But Qian Ping was a simpleton!

Because the Qian Family’s family head only had this one son, in order to treat this son’s intellectual disability, the divine essence stones he spent were an astronomical figure.

The top alchemists in the outer cities, including Master Wu Feng, had all treated Qian Ping before, but they were all helpless.

It was said that Qian Ping was born with his divine soul incomplete, and that was why it caused his intellect level to be low.

But inherent divine soul inadequacy, this was an ailment that all alchemists found hard to overcome. How could it be that easy to cure?

Forget about Wu Feng, even if a Four-star Alchemy God came, they would be helpless too.

Meng Huo’s face fell and he said, “Ding Song, you want to come and cause trouble too?”

But Ding Song was different from Chen Biao’s rashness and said with a smile, “What are you saying? This Miracle Hand Parlor is famous now. I’m bringing Boss Qian over to see a doctor. How can it be said to be causing trouble? But ... if this will grant all requests signboard of yours is fake, then everyone won’t be able to accept it either, right?”

This card he played, including Chen Biao’s earlier, caused jeerings from everyone.

Meng Huo gritted his teeth and said, “Ding Song, you’re clearly looking for fault here! Qian Ping is born with his divine soul incomplete, there’s no cure at all. You brought him here, what is it if not harboring ulterior motives?”

The corners of Ding Song’s mouth curled slightly and he said with a smile, “Meng Huo, I don’t understand what you said. Will grant all requests, these four words, is it said for fun? Now, we have a request for Master Ye, shouldn’t he definitely agree to it? Or is it that your Miracle Hand Parlor’s signboard is deceiving everyone?”

Meng Huo could not help choking, he was rendered speechless by what Ding Song said.

He currently felt that Ye Yuan was simply shooting himself in the foot here.

Hanging such a plaque, wasn’t it giving people a reason to act?

He had yet to think of a way to answer when another wave of people came in.

“Yo, this small medicine shop is so crowded today!” the person in front said with a playful smile.

This person, Meng Guo naturally knew him as well. He was called Huang Haoran and had a very close relationship with Deyi Hall.

Looking at the person Huang Haoran brought, Meng Huo’s expression was somber to the extreme.

This guy definitely came on behalf of Wu Feng!

Wu Feng taking action was different from other people making a move.

He himself was the pinnacle-most Three-star Alchemy God. He was all too familiar with alchemy.

What illness was easy to treat, what ailment was not easy to treat, he was really clear of things.

This person that Huang Haoran brought, Meng Huo knew him too. He was Huang Haoran’s nephew called Huang Qian.

A few years ago, Huang Qian went o a mystic realm to search for treasures and narrowly escaped with his life. But ever since then, not only did he lose his cultivation completely, his entire person seemed to have lost his soul as well, becoming a walking corpse.

Huang Haoran regarded this nephew very highly. He even brought Huang Qian to find Wu Feng before, but Wu Feng did not find out the reason for his problem.

Later, Wu Feng even invited the other west city and north city’s alchemy experts over to take a look. Nobody could find any problem.

Hence, this dragged out for quite a number of years.

Meng Huo was seething with hatred in his heart.

Their Thunderclap Gang did not offend Master Wu Feng either. They merely had Ye Yuan save Second Brother. Was there a need to be like this?

Could it be that they had to passively watch Second Brother die?

This Master Wu Feng actually hated them so much out of jealousy. This made Meng Huo very vexed.

They had spent quite a number of divine essence stones to show filial respect to Wu Feng these few years!

They did not expect that he suddenly turned hostile at the drop of a hat.

Furthermore, did this bunch of guys make an appointment to come and find trouble together today?

Meng Huo very much wanted to chase all these guys away. He used a probing glance to look at Ye Yuan, but he discovered that Ye Yuan was very absorbed and did not care about these people at all.

“Eh, this is Master Ye? Truly, heroes come from youngsters, will grant all requests! Heh heh, impressive! Impressive!” Huang Haoran said with an amused look.

Anybody could discern the sarcasm in these words.

However, this was not over yet.

Heavenly Fragrance Parlor, Five Flavor Pavilion, etc, the south city’s famous major medicine shops all sent people over.

Some were seeking pills, some were treating illnesses.

But without a doubt, they were all some extremely difficult, strange, and complicated ailments.

These major medicine shops were all under the three great families’ command, their strength immense.

Even though their presiding alchemist was not as impressive as Wu Feng, they were not far off too.

These people seemed to have agreed upon it, all gathering in Miracle Hand Parlor.

Clearly, this ‘Will Grant All Requests’ of Ye Yuan’s had incurred public wrath.

When Meng Huo saw this scene, he could not help feeling a headache.

Opening the door and doing business, he had no reason to chase people away.

“What the hell is this Master Ye doing? This ... This is totally drawing aggro! How will the Thunderclap Gang still make a living in south city in the future?” Meng Huo was virtually going crazy.

But by the side, Ning Siyu looked at this scene rather amusedly, her beautiful eyes staring at Ye Yuan, wanting to see what he would do.