Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 156: Divine Soul Mystic Art!

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

A terrifying sword intent similarly undulated out, clashing with Su Yishan’s aura. It was actually not at a disadvantage at all.

Su Yishan had an extremely strong impression of this sword intent.

Back then, for Liu Ruoshui, Su Yishan was put into a sorry state by Ye Yuan. It was due to being struck by this sword intent.

However, the current Azure Dipper Floating Zero Sword Art could not be mentioned in the same breath as it originally was anymore.

Ye Yuan’s sword intent realm was exceedingly high. It was just that he did not have the essence energy to match it.

The Ye Yuan today had already broken through to the Spirit Condensation Realm and condensed nine spirit liquid drops. Displaying the might of the Azure Dipper Floating Zero Sword Art would naturally be several levels higher than what it was in the Essence Qi Realm!

Ye Yuan no longer lined up in a straight line when he executed the Nine Swords Stance this time, but instead, it was nine disorganized figures.

After the Nine Swords Stance was completed, Ye Yuan could already freely display these nine silhouettes and also freely control the timing of releasing the sword beams.

This way, the might of the Nine Swords Stance would be much greater.

The sword beams released by the nine disorderly silhouettes would be much harder to defend than if they lined up in a row.

Also, Ye Yuan now could freely adjust the entire sword beam releasing duration according to the opponent’s situation.

This alteration in rhythm was the hardest to be on guard against.

If the opponent was not overwhelmingly more powerful than Ye Yuan, then how could they defend the second sword beam when they had just blocked one sword beam and not mustered up new strength?

This was the greatest aspect of this Nine Swords Stance that Ye Yuan created!

Powerful sword intent synchronizing with multi-varied attacks could let Ye Yuan’s power soar once again!

Su Yishan instinctively sensed that things were not right. But right now, it was like a notched arrow that had to be released.

Since he could not differentiate which was Ye Yuan’s true body, he would just directly sweep across with the wind from his palm!

With his powerful strength of Fourth Level Spirit Condensation Realm, he would directly crush Ye Yuan!

Even if Ye Yuan had condensed nine spirit liquid drops, the disparity between them was still enormous. If he did not make good use of this advantage, then he would have completely no chance of victory at all today.

The Heaven Flipping Palm by itself held incredible power. Among the Su Family’s Tier 2 martial techniques, it was also a pinnacle existence.

After breaking through to the Spirit Condensation Realm, Su Yishan had faith that he could rely on the Heaven Flipping Palm to crush Fifth Level Spirit Condensation Realm martial artists!

Su Yishan was indeed a genius. He also had rich experience in being in critical situations and was not those sort of flowers which grew up in a greenhouse.

But sadly . . . he met Ye Yuan!

Just as he was prepared to release the Heaven Flipping Palm, his brain suddenly blanked out. His divine soul sunk into a disoriented and hazy state!

However, Su Yishan rapidly regained consciousness.

Except that when experts exchange blows, that split second of delay was ample to cause lethality.

The nine sword beams whistled out and arrived in front of Su Yishan dazzlingly. Su Yishan only regained consciousness at this time. It was already too late to want to circulate his strength to defend.

Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh.

Nine sword beams struck Su Yishan’s body solidly and instantly broke his protective essence energy, destroying his internal organs.

What happened . . . This was the last thought that went through Su Yishan’s mind. But he would never know.

Nanfeng Zhirou swallowed hard and felt somewhat parched.

What in the world happened just now? She also really wanted to know.

At that final moment just now, Su Yishan clearly hesitated for a bit. Just that short moment cost him his life.

But in that sort of life and death juncture, why would he waver? Was this any different from suiciding?

Nanfeng Zhirou knew that it was definitely something Ye Yuan did. But she did not know what method he used.

Speaking of which, after Su Yishan broke through in cultivation realm, he was actually already on par with her. Ye Yuan could kill Su Yishan, so he naturally also had the ability to kill her.

Nanfeng Zhirou unwittingly thought back to two months ago, that scene where she almost killed Ye Yuan.

Just two months and he already caught up, even surpassed her?

To think that she, Nanfeng Zhirou, had always boasted she was a genius. But in front of Ye Yuan, she was nothing!

"Senior Apprentice Sister Nanfeng? Senior Apprentice Sister Nanfeng?"

"Uh, ah? What is it?" Nanfeng Zhirou only reacted after Ye Yuan called out twice in a row.

"It’s late. We should go."

It had already been five to six days since they entered the Endless Forest and Ye Yuan still had two medicinal herbs which he had not acquired.

Since this matter was settled, he naturally did not want to continue delaying.

If not for the fact that he needed to break through to the Spirit Condensation Realm, Ye Yuan would have long let Yuan Fei kill Su Yishan and would not have let so many things happen.

Nanfeng Zhirou followed behind Ye Yuan somewhat dejectedly, utterly unlike her usual self.

Along the way, the two were very silent. Neither opened their mouth to speak. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

After four hours, Nanfeng Zhirou finally could not resist and opened her mouth to ask, "Ye Yuan, don’t you have anything you want to ask?"

"When you want to talk, you’ll obviously say it. If you don’t want to talk, then it’s also meaningless if I ask." Ye Yuan just replied nonchalantly without turning his head back.

Nanfeng Zhirou glared at Ye Yuan’s back view somewhat resentfully and said discontentedly with pouting lips, "Tch, this guy who doesn’t understand women! This Princess will talk about it, alright? My father is Nanfeng Yi. I’m called Nanfeng Zhirou. My aunt is called Nanfeng Ruoqing. My father is the ruler of the State of Qin. Is this fine?"

"I already knew this long ago."

"I know that you are aware, but you should at least show me your attitude, right?"

Nanfeng Zhirou was so exasperated by Ye Yuan that she gritted her teeth and halted her steps to stomp her feet. She shouted loudly at Ye Yuan’s back view, "Hiding our identities from you is my aunt and my fault, but we also have difficulties that we can’t say. It’s so inconvenient to enter the academy with my aunt and my identity. That’s why we concealed our surnames. Initially, I also planned on telling you when we get back, but didn’t I not have the opportunity this whole time?"

Ye Yuan also stopped and turned around. Looking at Nanfeng Zhirou, he suddenly smiled and said, "Senior Apprentice Sister Nanfeng is thinking too much. If I really have any attitude, I would have long left you behind and ignored you and not stand here talking to you. Not having an attitude is the best attitude."

Nanfeng Zhirou bit her lips and then said angrily, "Then why didn’t you say that earlier. I even thought that you were really angry."

"You also didn’t ask me," Ye Yuan replied very innocently.

Nanfeng Zhirou thought about it and felt so too. It seemed like it had just been her imagining all sorts of things from the start. She had not even asked this fellow.

Perhaps even this matter of concealing their identities did not count as something in this guy’s heart?

"Fine then. I was the one who imagined things! Then you tell me. When you killed Su Yishan, why did he slow down by half a beat?"

Nanfeng Zhirou had a carefree personality. Knowing that Ye Yuan was not angry, this matter was directly filtered out by her.

Nanfeng Zhirou became that unruly little princess once again.

"About that . . . It’s a divine soul mystic art, the God Stunning Spike. It can make people lose focus for a short period of time," Ye Yuan did not have any intention of hiding it and said it directly.

"Divine soul mystic art! You actually even know divine soul mystic arts!" Nanfeng Zhirou exclaimed in astonishment.

"This is just the shallowest type of divine soul mystic art. What’s there to get excited about?"

Not that Ye Yuan was posturing, but this God Stunning Spike was really the crudest one among the divine soul mystic arts he knew.