Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

1588 Overwhelming Confidence

The difference between divine rank spirit medicines and mortal rank spirit medicines was that divine rank spirit medicines contained all sorts of law fragments within them.

As an Alchemy God powerhouse, fusing these Great Dao laws into a divine pill organically was where their ability lay.

Clearly, this was not a simple task.

Alchemists could choose not to comprehend these laws, but they had to be adept at guiding these law fragments for their own use. This was where the profundities of Alchemy Dao lay.

In this aspect, Ye Yuan clearly walked further than other alchemists.

Actually, compared to sensing the specifics of the power of laws, Alchemy Dao was more fleeting and ephemeral.

Hence, even though there were many alchemists, those truly able to reach an extremely high realm were very few.

As for Dao Realm, that went even more without saying.

And Dao Development was guiding the power of laws inside spirit medicines out.

This was the basic skill of every Alchemy God powerhouse!

Compared to refining pills, Dao Development was guiding the medicinal properties of a kind of spirit medicine. It was relatively much easier.

Of course, that was just relatively speaking.

Under normal circumstances, for Three-star Alchemy Gods to be able to steer out 30% of rank three spirit medicines’ medicinal properties was already very good.

Able to draw forth 50%, those were all people whose strength stood head and shoulders above the masses.

Those able to bring out 70% could virtually sweep across those in the same rank, becoming a grandmaster of their generation.

At 90%, that was just a legend.

Of course, some spirit medicines were comparatively easier to draw out, but some spirit medicines were extremely difficult to draw out. This had to depend on the specific situation.

At this time, three stalks of spirit medicines were placed in front of everyone’s table. They were the spirit medicines used in the second round competition,

“Blood Longevity Heavenly Ginseng! Jade Cicada Immortal Pistil! Sovereign Rule Crape Myrtle! It’s actually these three kinds of spirit medicines!”

“It’s over, it’s over! These three kinds of spirit medicines are notorious for being difficult, what to do?”

“The practice was done in vain this time. These three kinds of spirit medicines added together, I can’t bring out ten points of the medicinal properties either!”

...

These three kinds of spirit medicines, each kind of spirit medicine had ten points. Drawing out 10% of the medicinal properties, you get one point.

Finally, adding the total score together, the results were put in order.

Three kinds of spirit medicines added together not reaching ten points, it also meant that they did not even have the confidence to reach four points in one type of spirit medicine.

When the 100 disciples saw these three kinds of spirit medicines, wailing sounds immediately echoed out.

The law fragments contained within these three kinds of spirit medicines were very convoluted and notoriously difficult to guide.

The medicinal pills refined with these three kinds of spirit medicines, the refining difficulty was very high!

With this, it was awful.

But Song Qiyang snorted coldly in his heart. He said, “A bunch of fools, strength so weak and still want to enter the third round? Heh, Ning Siyu this lass, I’ll definitely make a fool out of you in this round!”

In order to ensure the fairness of the Pill Tower competition, each Pill Tower competition, this second round’s spirit medicines were all selected by several very impartial elders of the Martial Tower who enjoyed high prestige and commanded universal respect.

All of the Pill Tower’s elders were clueless.

However, there were no walls in the world that were impervious. Rou Xu had long inquired about the contents of the competition this time through secret channels and informed Song Qiyang and the rest.

This way, their lineage could occupy even more spots.

Except, Rou Xu completely did not expect that the competition’s first round this time, his lineage ended with a tragic defeat. Many people did not even have the chance to use the information.

However, Song Qiyang had specifically practiced before in advance. Getting first place this time was absolutely no issue.

Rou Xu already did not pay attention to the protector level competition anymore. He knew Lu Yi’s strength. It was very hard to gain too big of an advantage.

But with regards to disciples competition, this level of competition, he already had his face swept to the ground.

The second round, he must win back face!

He did not believe that Ning Siyu could also crush Song Qiyang in this round.

“Second round, begin! Starting from 100th place, Dao Development!” the deacon said in a clear voice.

Finished talking, the disciples held a celestial deity artifact and arrived in front of the 100th place disciple.

The so-called Dao Development was actually drawing out the law fragments inside spirit medicines with pill refining methods.

That celestial deity artifact was called Dao Development Instrument. It was specifically used to test the percentage guided out.

That disciple drew a deep breath, his palm trembled, directly shattering the Blood Longevity Heavenly Ginseng.

Then, he started guiding the law fragments in the Blood Longevity Heavenly Ginseng with extremely quick hand movements, entering inside the Dao Development Instrument.

There were ten major scale lines on the Dao Development Instrument and also many small scale lines; very precise.

That disciple used all of his strength and desperately guided the law fragments into the Dao Development Instrument. But no matter how hard he tried, it only stopped at the third scale line in the end.

A thick look of disappointment revealed in his eyes and he knew that he could not enter the third round no matter what.

The second round had to eliminate 70 people, leaving only the top 30 to enter the third round.

Want to enter the top 30, one needed to at least reach 13 or 14 scale lines.

Clearly, it was impossible for him.

Sure enough, the two spirit medicines at the back, his performance was not very good.

There was even one who did not even reach three scale lines.

“Wang Heng, Blood Longevity Heavenly Ginseng 3.2, Jade Cicada Immortal Pistil 3.2, Sovereign Rule Crape Myrtle 2.9, total score 9.3!” the deacon said in a clear voice.

Hearing people heard this result, their hearts raced.

No one mocked this Wang Heng, because they knew that these three kinds of spirit medicines were indeed very difficult.

If they did it, they might not do better than Wang Heng.

Sure enough, the 99th place disciple was even a point worse than Wang Heng. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The 98th place disciple’s results were nothing as well without surprises.

“Next, 97th place, Song Qiyang!” The deacon said in a clear voice.

Coming in front of the spirit medicines, Song Qiyang’s shattered confidence was instantly brimming.

It was even somewhat overflowing!

For the sake of the competition this time, Song Qiyang had specially trained in these three kinds of spirit medicines before.

When his state was at the best, he could even reach 17 points!

One should not look at how it was just over half the total. This was already an extremely high score.

Song Qiyang grinned, his palm shaking very casually, the Blood Longevity Heavenly Ginseng was shattered into pieces.

Then, Song Qiyang’s hands moved like lightning, both hands kneading seals swiftly.

At this moment, Song Qiyang’s formidable pill refining technique was displayed in its entirety. Law fragments were actually guided into the Dao Development Instrument unceasingly by him.

The scales of the Dao Development Instrument were rising rapidly.

“Tsk tsk, Senior Apprentice Brother Song is indeed incredible! He failed miserably in an easy task during the first round. The second round, he’s about to win back a round immediately.”

“This Illusionary Heaven Solution Hand has truly reached the acme of perfection!”

“It’s already more than 4 points! Looks like Senior Apprentice Brother Song’s Blood Longevity Heavenly Ginseng can at least reach 5.5 points, this is impressive!”

...

Song Qiyang’s strength was indisputable. Using this pill refining technique, it gave people a feeling of gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind.

Those disciples all used extremely worshiping gazes to look at him.

Finally, the Dao Development Instrument’s scales no longer moved, finally stopping at 5.7 points.

“Hahaha, my state today is pretty good! I have a hunch that I might very likely break through 17 points today! This round’s first place is definitely mine!”

Seeing the 5.7 points result, Song Qiyang was puffed up with pride.

With 17 points, it was his best result. Now, he turned grief and indignation into strength, and his state was actually surprisingly good.

This made his confidence somewhat overflow.

Song Qiyang gave Ning Siyu a taunting glance. The latter stuck her tongue out and made a funny face, shooting back.