Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1653 Supreme Token

Having money was capricious!

These few days, Ye Yuan and Ning Tianping only did one thing, which was to buy, buy, buy!

Ye Yuan was unable to refine rank four divine pills currently and could only help Ning Tianping purchase some medicinal pills and natural treasures.

Ning Tianping already cultivated to become a peak third-layered heaven Divine Lord now and already touched the bottleneck of fourth-layered heaven.

But without Ye Yuan’s help, it was not easy for him to want to overcome this bottleneck.

These natural treasures and materials were unable to refine into pills, the help to him was also limited.

If buying some natural treasures could break through bottlenecks, the status of alchemists also would not be so lofty.

Third-layered heaven Divine Lord to fourth-layered heaven was a big bottleneck. Even if Ning Tianping’s talent was very high, wanting to breakthrough under the circumstances of not borrowing external forces, without a thousand years, it was impossible.

But Ning Tianping was not in a rush either. After all, his current cultivation speed was already very fast.

And all this was thanks to Ye Yuan. He was already very satisfied.

With sufficient divine essence stones on hand, Ye Yuan also began collecting some more valuable rank four spirit medicines and started to set about to researching them.

In reality, regarding the study of rank four divine pills, Ye Yuan had long started.

He had the World Suppressing Stele, the utilization of time was ten times of others.

These 300 years’ time, deducting away the outside world’s time, Ye Yuan was equivalent to having spent more than 2000 years.

These 2000 years, it was also impossible for Ye Yuan to blindly focus on how to create the cultivation method.

Researching medicinal pills naturally became Ye Yuan’s second choice.

Presently, Ye Yuan’s foundation was already extremely solid. Even without Dustless’s guidance, under his slow fumbling, he also had a tremendous understanding of rank four divine pills.

But under Dustless’s guidance, his improvement was even more inconceivable.

If he could break through to the Divine Lord Realm right now, directly refining level six or seven difficulty rank four divine pills was nothing difficult.

But the gap between Divine Dao Realms was too great. The realms could not be jumped to refine at will like in the mortal realms.

Only if Ye Yuan broke through to the Divine Lord Realm could he refine rank four divine pills.

Rank four natural treasures were all very expensive. It was easily hundreds of millions of divine essence stones.

Five days’ time, the two spent close to 100 billion!

“Hahaha, Your Excellency, this feeling of spending money is too awesome! I finally understand now why your cultivation is so fast!” Ning Tianping said with a loud laugh.

Ning Tianping had always felt that he was a local tycoon, but compared to these few days, he was simply a bumpkin!

What was called spending money like water?

This was called spending money like water!

Spending 100 billion in five days, who had such boldness?

To Ye Yuan, these divine essence stones were nothing more than tools to become stronger.

As the saying went: even if money is gone, it can be obtained again in a flash. It was really too easy for him to earn money. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “In the past, I only purchased some rank three natural treasures and didn’t feel that there was anything. Now, only after buying these rank four materials do I know what’s labeled as expensive. If I really want to spend, 400 billion is also not enough to spend.”

Ye Yuan wanted to take part in the auction, that was why he did not dare to really let loose and buy too much.

When he broke through to the Divine Lord Realm, 400 billion divine essence stones would be nothing to him at all.

Buying some rank four spirit medicine back for him to research would probably not even be enough.

One had to know that when Ye Yuan studied rank three divine pills, the divine essence stones expended was no less than several tens of billions.

And this kind of expenditure, ordinary Divine Lord Realms could not afford it at all, let alone talk about Origin Deity Realm.

The two people were currently chatting in the inn when Du Mingliang came to visit.

“Paying respects to Master Ye!” Du Mingliang’s attitude toward Ye Yuan was very respectful. Even his term of address underwent a change.

This kind of respectful attitude, he did not feign it in the slightest.

The void spirit divine pills that Ye Yuan refined, the Sword Star Alliance already issued a batch, selecting some disciples with very good natural endowments to consume. The effects were surprisingly good!

In the past, they had only heard of void spirit divine pills before but had never seen it before. Hence, they also did not know the effects of void spirit divine pills.

But now, they finally witness the terrifying aspect of void spirit divine pills.

Zhao Jian was the disciple who consumed the Vastsun Universe Pill, and he broke through to the Divine Lord Realm within three days!

This kind of breakthrough speed was simply inconceivable.

Furthermore, Zhao Jian himself said that the medicinal effects of the medicinal pill were far from exhausted, and still needed a very long time to digest.

Barring no accidents, it could last for a hundred years!

At that time, him breaking through to third-layered heaven Divine Lord was nothing difficult!

This kind of medicinal effect, how could Li Xing and Du Mingliang not be astonished?

As for the other medicinal pills, they similarly had magical medicinal effects.

Hence, Du Mingliang was on all fours in admiration toward Ye Yuan now, and he was even more certain of Li Xing’s judgment.

Ye Yuan was definitely some extremely terrifying major force’s disciple, they could not afford to provoke!

Of course, there was no need to provoke as well!

Ye Yuan nodded his head and said in a lofty manner, “What did you come to find me for?”

Du Mingliang said, “Master Ye, the alliance chief heard that you have the intention of participating in the Riverluck Auction. The alliance chief specifically had me deliver to you the auction’s supreme token. You can rely on this token to enter the auction’s supreme area. Apart from this, our Sword Star Alliance will give up 5% of the commission for Master! This token, there’s a total of nine pieces tonight, our Sword Star Alliance has three. This is one of them!”

Ye Yuan was rather surprised. Giving up a 5% commission, that was a 5% discount.

This was very seldom-seen in auctions.

Because these auction goods were not owned by the three major forces. They were obtained by martial artists who took them to the Heavenly Network Gathering to undergo auctioning.

Heavenly Network Gathering hosting the auction, they would draw a commission, considered as a labor fee.

Giving up a 5% commission, this was letting the Heavenly Network Gathering’s profits become smaller. Hence, that was why Ye Yuan would be surprised.

Of course, those who really go and take part in the auction also would not care about these few hundreds of millions of divine essence stones.

Most importantly, this was a status symbol!

Presently, the major forces in the city were too many. Some foreign forces, even the three great factions were very apprehensive.

However, there were only a scanty nine pieces of these supreme tokens. The degree of value could be seen at a glance.

But he also did not show it and just said coolly, “Alright, I’ll accept it. Help me thank the alliance chief!”

Du Mingliang hurriedly said, “Dare not, dare not. Master Ye looks after our Sword Star Alliance a lot, so this is considered a small thanks of ours.”

Ye Yuan just nodded his head, considered to have acknowledged it.

Witnessing the terrifying effects of void spirit divine pills, the Sword Star Alliance knew that these medicinal pills selling for 10 plus billion were simply too damn cheap!

Now, if these medicinal pills were placed on auction, forget about three billion, even six or seven billion, everyone would probably fight until their heads were broken and bleeding.

One medicinal pill creating a third-layered heaven Divine Lord powerhouse, it was extremely freaking worth it!

Furthermore, the Sword Star Alliance should be the biggest beneficiary. Because they bought two additional medicinal pills.

After the spirit medicines were collected, they approached Ye Yuan again to refine another two. Adding them up, it was four, the most among the three major forces.

A mere 5% commission was seriously nothing.

When Mu Dong saw Du Mingliang, he was immediately annoyed.

Preempted by this guy again!

This time, the Sword Star Alliance really earned big!

Mu Dong and Du Mingliang were the same, both here to deliver the supreme token.

The conditions they gave were the same as the Sword Star Alliance, both 5% commission.

Soon after, Liu Han arrived too.

Calculating it, Ye Yuan had a 15% discount.

The three families added together, this benefit was not small.

Nine pieces of supreme tokens, Ye Yuan alone acquired three pieces!

Something that costs ten billion being 1.5 billion cheaper, this could not be said to not be great sincerity.