Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 169: Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus!

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

The counterattack was not as tragic as imagined. Yuan Fei brought along a bunch of Long-arm Stone Apes and directly burst open a large entrance.

That Earth Flame Lizard King was taken by surprise when he saw Yuan Fei who suddenly appeared; it was not prepared to react with an effective response.

Yuan Fei had awakened his inherited memories. His intelligence already did not lose out to humans. It was not the slightest bit inferior when compared to Tier 5, Taking Form demonic beasts.

Making him lead a team was clearly much formidable compared to the Earth Flame Lizard King.

Ye Yuan did not hesitate and directly rushed over to the big entrance.

His movement technique was extremely fast, and very quickly, he vanished from within the tangled melee troops and headed deeper into the cave.

Ye Yuan discovered that the deeper he went, the wider this underground cave became.

Finally, he arrived at the end of the cave. This place was actually a vast underground plaza.

The plaza was entirely empty. Other than underground rocks, there was the lava which occasionally shot up.

At the end of the place was a very large magma pool.

Ye Yuan took a step into the plaza and instantaneously felt the exceedingly horrifying heatwave coming from the direction of the magma pool as if it wanted to incinerate some into oblivion.

"Really didn’t expect that the treasure which came into being this time is actually the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus! This underground magma can actually give birth to the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus, truly inconceivable. Although it’s newly formed, it already possesses the Tier 4 Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame!"

Seeing that horrifying heatwave, Ye Yuan did not get worried. Instead, he was delighted that it went beyond his expectations!

In this stretch of heaven and earth, apart from the Divine Realm, there were countless Lower Realm planes. The types of essence fires were also beyond count.

There was once a major power from the Divine Realm who added up the statistical data, classifying all the known essence fires into categories and compiling them into a book. Listed on it were several thousand types of essence fires from Tier 1 to Tier 9!

And the newborn Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame was a pinnacle existence among Tier 4 essence fires!

The Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame could not exist independently. Instead, it was the accompanying essence fire of the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus. As long as one refined the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus, the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame would become theirs.

Not only that, the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame was the most suitable essence fire for alchemists among all the Tier 4 essence fires and even among higher tier fires!

Because the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame had a built-in attribute, and that was cleansing all creation!

A lotus symbolized sanctity, and this Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus was exceptional even among lotuses.

If alchemists could properly employ the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame, they could purify the impurities in medicinal pills when refining pills and make the quality of the medicinal pills rise to another level!

Apart from this, the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame by itself could even refine an avatar body, which could allow Ye Yuan’s power to improve a step further!

Hence, when Ye Yuan saw the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame at first sight, he was also indescribably excited!

This Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame was simply custom-made for him!

If it were during his previous life, a newborn Tier 4 essence fire naturally would not be placed in his sights. But now, this could become an extremely huge aid to him!

Even with Ye Yuan’s Heart Like Still Water realm, his heart also could not help palpitating with excitement.

Ye Yuan took a step forward towards the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame. But right then, an instinctive warning suddenly arose!

Even though he did not turn his head back, Ye Yuan could sense that there was an extremely powerful palm wind attacking from behind.

Ye Yuan directly displayed the Nine Swords Stance movement technique without thinking at all and turned into nine Ye Yuans.

Bang!

Not far off, a rock was struck by the palm wind and instantly turned into fine powder!

The might of a single palm was overwhelmingly powerful!

"Tch tch, I didn’t think that a paltry little First Level Spirit Condensation Realm could not only recognize the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame, but you can also even avoid my Soul Chasing Palm! Truly remarkable! Your movement technique just now seemed to be quite interesting!"

The ambusher did not seem to have the intention of hunting him down, instead, started to praise Ye Yuan.

Ye Yuan turned around. A middle-aged man who appeared slightly aged showed up on the path he came from and actually cut off his path of retreat!

It looked like this fellow knew that someone was coming and had long laid in ambush here.

"Senior, as a Crystal Formation Realm martial artist, you sneak attacked a junior. If this spreads out, it wouldn’t be proper, don’t you think?" Ye Yuan said icily.

"Haha, there’s only the two of us here. As long as you die, it naturally won’t spread out. We demonic beast hunters put the word benefit as the top priority. We have never bothered with these conventional rules. As long as I can kill you, I don’t mind sneak attacking."

The middle-aged man was not ashamed, but took pride in it instead,

Ye Yuan was also secretly astonished when he saw this middle-aged man.

This person can actually hide from the eyes and ears of Black Crow Old Man and the Golden Sword Condor and secretly sneak into the cave. It seemed like he had some capabilities.

Without talking about other things, just this one ability of concealment was most like eminent among the demonic beast hunters.

However, to actually encounter a Crystal Formation Realm demonic beast hunter made Ye Yuan feel quite surprised.

Crystal Formation Realm martial artists tended to be proud and normally would not impersonate as demonic beast hunters. According to what Ye Yuan knew, the State of Qin did not seem to have Crystal Formation Realm demonic beast hunters. And this demonic beast hunter was also an Alchemy Grandmaster!

It seemed like this person should be a reclusive powerhouse or some other country’s Crystal Formation Realm martial artist.

From the undulation of the middle-aged man’s divine soul, Ye Yuan could determine his strength.

"But pity, Senior still failed to kill me." Ye Yuan said lightly.

"It doesn’t matter. You already have no way of escaping. You can only fight head-on with me. I don’t think that a First Level Spirit Condensation Realm brat can escape with his life under my, Fang Yaojiang’s’ hands."

Ye Yuan’s face darkened. It was clear what is Fang Yaojiang said was the truth. The situation was very unfavorable to him right now!

"Senior really have the confidence to kill me just like this? Or should I say, do you have the certainty of killing me in this short time? Don’t forget, Senior; there are still two even more powerful people outside glaring covetously! If I try everything to delay senior and wait until any one of those two arrives, at most the outcome is everyone fights it out to the death. Even if senior really kills me, I’m afraid that you also won’t have the time to retrieve the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame. Am I right?" Ye Yuan said with a cold smile.

Fang YaoJiang’s face changed. It was clear that Ye Yuan struck his sore spot.

Ye Yuan’s movement skill just now made him feel quite fearful. Although a First Level Spirit Condensation Realm did not pose any threat to him, with that movement technique there, it probably would not be such an easy matter to have a quick battle.

Initially, he saw a Spirit Condensation Realm brat breaking in here recklessly and thought that he could get some petty gains. But he did not expect it to become a burning potato.

"Humph! What a rampant junior! Do you really think that I can’t do anything to you?" Fang Yaojiang said stubbornly with a black face.

"It’s not that I’m rampant. I’m just stating a fact. And even if Senior kills me, I’m afraid that you will also find it hard to subdue the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame, right?" Ye Yuan said calmly.

The Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame was a Tier 4 essence fire, and the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus itself was not something to be messed with. This Fang Yaojiang was only a First Level Crystal Formation Realm martial artist. His soul strength only at the low-rank Alchemy Grandmaster. Wanting to subdue the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame was way too difficult.

He himself already knew about this point. That was why he was in no rush to make a move but laid in here to ambush Ye Yuan. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

When martial artists were subduing essence fires, the vast majority would subdue essence fires close to the level of their own strength. Leaping ranks to subdue essence fires would basically result in the outcome of being burned to ashes.

Of course, this excluded Ye Yuan.

As an Alchemy Emperor, he was the ancestor of playing with fire. Even though his strength was a little poor at the moment, he still had the means to subdue a Tier 4 essence fire.