Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 170: Capital to Negotiate!

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

"Humph! Whether I’m able to obtain the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame or not, that is my business. But you must die now! I’ll kill you first and then slowly think of a plan."

Having Ye Yuan expose his awkward situation, Fang Yaojiang appeared to have turned angry from embarrassment.

His current situation was just like walking into a gold mountain but lacking the tools to take away this gold mountain. This sort of feeling was really quite unpleasant.

Yet, Ye Yuan just had to mercilessly expose this point. How could this not make Fang Yaojiang pissed?

Ye Yuan ridiculed relentlessly, "Slowly think of a way? You aren’t naïve enough to think that those two fellows outside will leave you alone to slowly think of a way, right?"

Fang Yaojiang’s face was rather black. Killing a First Level Spirit Condensation Realm brat did not affect the overall situation. Those two outside were the truly troublesome existences.

He expended enormous effort before managing to conceal himself from those two’s eyes and ears and entering here. Yet, he could see the things but not eat them. How could this not upset him?

"Just what are you trying to say?" Fang Yaojiang could also tell that Ye Yuan’s words had another meaning as he asked with a black face.

"If I can help Senior get the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus, I wonder if Senior is willing to let me off?" Ye Yuan asked.

Fang Yaojiang burst into laughter when he heard him and said, "You? Stop joking! Even I, a Crystal Formation Realm martial artist can’t do it. You’re only at the First Level Spirit Condensation Realm, and yet you say that you can help me subdue the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus? Seriously making me die of laughter! Don’t rack your brains to make me let you off. That’s impossible!"

"Is that so?"

Ye Yuan also did not waste his breath anymore. With a step forward, he arrived at the edge of the magma pool.

The Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus was a spiritual object born from heaven and earth. Although it had not unlocked sentience, it had its instinctive consciousness.

It noticed that somebody approached and seemed to have suffered a shock. The lotus actually spat out a bundle of flame tongues which attacked Ye Yuan!

Fang Yaojiang snickered coldly and did not plan on stopping Ye Yuan’s actions. This brat courting death himself saved him some trouble.

The Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame was a Tier 4 essence fire. A First Level Spirit Condensation Realm rookie would die upon contact with it.

Even if this was just the instinctive attack of the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus, its might was very terrifying. Even Fang Yaojiang himself did not dare to easily challenge this Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame, let alone a First Level Spirit Condensation Realm.

Fang Yaojiang seemed to have seen the outcome of Ye Yuan being burned to cinders.

But in the next moment, when that bundle of flame tongues extended in front of Ye Yuan, Fang Yaojiang’s pupils constricted as if he witnessed something unbelievable!

"This . . . How is this possible? That’s a Tier 4 essence fire! Even if Crystal Formation Realm martial artists touched it, it would virtually be certain death! This First Level Spirit Condensation Realm brat is actually completely fine?"

Even though there were a hundred disbeliefs in his heart, the reality that happened in front of his eyes left him no choice but to believe it. The Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame really could not do anything to Ye Yuan!

That bundle of Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame was surging with tumultuous momentum just like a fierce tiger. But when that ’fierce tiger’ arrived in front of Ye Yuan, it became incomparably docile; just like a tame little kitty.

After which, Ye Yuan waved a single hand, and that bundle of Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame dissipated into nothing.

This . . . was too incomprehensible.

Oh, right, that brat seemed to have formed a set of seals. It was just that with Fang Yaojiang’s realm and horizon, he actually could not understand at all!

This brat is bizarre!

Ye Yuan showed this move and then floated back, saying to Fang Yaojiang with a smile, "Not sure if I have the capital to negotiate with Senior now?" Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Only now did Fang Yaojiang recover and said, "Of course! To think that you actually have such an ingenious fire controlling seal. Since that’s the case, of course you have the chips to negotiate. However, I want to add a condition, and that is you have to teach this fire controlling seal to me!"

A greedy look flashed across Fang Yaojiang’s eyes.

A complex expression appeared on Ye Yuan’s face. "This . . . This is passed down from my ancestors. My family’s elders will punish me if I rashly impart this to senior!"

"Haha, there’s only the two of us here. You don’t say, I don’t talk, who would know? At the very most, I’ll swear an oath to never display this seal in front of others in the future. But if you don’t teach me the seal, I’d rather kill you! If you don’t even have your life, then what’s the talk about punishment?"

The current Fang Yaojiang was like a big gray wolf as he started to intimidate with threats and beguile with benefits.

Ye Yuan was silent for a moment and seemed to be having an intense inner struggle. Fang Yaojiang also did not rush him. He was grasping Ye Yuan’s life and death right now. There was no need to rush.

"Fine then, but Senior must swear to never display this seal in front of other people. Otherwise, Junior’s name will be removed from the family clan!" Ye Yuan said rather worriedly.

"But of course!" Fang Yaojiang agreed right away.

"Heh heh, looks like this brat came out of some hermit family clan for a trial test, but is a fledgling who has yet to experience worldly affairs. After your father learns this seal technique, how can I let you leave? If you were to return and call for reinforcements or something, then wouldn’t I, Fang Yaojiang, have no path to the heaven and no door into the earth? A hermit family clan that can possess such a remarkable seal is definitely extremely powerful. Hence, a dead person is more reliable!" Fang Yaojiang laughed coldly in his heart.

It was very evident that Fang Yaojiang did not plan on letting Ye Yuan leave from the start and already had the intent to kill.

An overjoyed expression showed up on Ye Yuan’s face when he heard that Fang Yaojiang agreed. "Okay. Senior, swear a Heavenly Dao Oath first, and then we’ll work together to subdue the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame. After subduing the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame and we leave, I’ll then teach this fire controlling seal to senior. Otherwise, our small lives will be hard to keep if we wait for those two to come in."

Fang Yaojiang also felt that Ye Yuan’s arrangements were very appropriate when he heard it. So he nodded and answered, "Fine, do as you said."

"My strength is still insufficient and can only forcefully pin down the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame. The matter regarding subduing the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus will have to be up to senior yourself," Ye Yuan said.

"Haha, that’s natural. As long as you lure the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame away, leave the rest for me to do." Fang Yaojiang patted his chest and said.

What he dreaded was the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame. As long as Ye Yuan could draw away the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame, wouldn’t refining the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus be very easy for him?

"Alright, there’s no time to lose. We’ll make a move now. We can’t drag any longer!"

Ye Yuan finished talking and directly turned around and headed for the magma pool. At this moment, he was not worried that Fang Yaojiang would suddenly deal a pre-emptive strike from the back, because the benefits Ye Yuan brought him was too great.

The Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus plus the fire controlling sea was enough to let Fang Yaojiang’s strength rise several levels. How could he let this pass?

As for Fang Yaojiang’s schemes, how could Ye Yuan not know? He was just playing along with the other party’s acting.

Ye Yuan arrived at the edge of the magma pool. That Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus was startled again and took the initiative to attack Ye Yuan.

Ye Yuan repeated the same trick and that Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame dispersed once again.

The Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus seemed to have suffered stimulation and spat out a strand of Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame again. The blaze this time was much more powerful than previously. Even Fang Yaojiang could feel that scorching heat.

Ye Yuan formed the seals once more. But this time, it just held down the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame and could not make it dissipate.

The flames spat out by the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus became increasingly stronger, but ultimately could not do anything to Ye Yuan. All the way until the end, a small faint yellow fireball flew out from the lotus flower. The temperature in the entire underground cave soared as if it wanted to melt everything.

This faint yellow tiny fireball was the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame origin fire essence!

"Quickly get to work, Senior!" Ye Yuan had a very strained appearance as he shouted at Fang Yaojiang.