Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1701 100 Years Later

Becoming famous under the heavens in one battle!

Heavenly Eagle’s domineering rise swept across the Southridge Ten Cities like the wind.

Four great Celestial Deity Realms, without losing a single person, completely annihilated Utmost Peace’s four great Celestial Deity Realms.

The battle’s outcome was extremely dazzling!

Among the Southridge Ten Cities’ Celestial Deity Realms, even though there were strong and weak ones, their strengths were more or less very close.

Under normal circumstances, such a tragic great battle, both sides having casualties were bound to happen.

But none of Heavenly Eagle’s Celestial Deity Realms was lost.

What did this show?

It showed that Heavenly Eagle’s four great Celestial Deities were powerful, completely crushing Utmost Peace Imperial City.

However, this was not what made the other imperial cities most shocked.

What shocked them the most was that Heavenly Eagle produced an alchemist, an alchemist who could refine the Supreme Jade Void Pill!

This was the thing that made them most jealous!

Ye Yuan’s name instantly echoed throughout the entire Southridge Ten Cities together with Heavenly Eagle.

A genius alchemist who could refine the Supreme Jade Void Pill, what did this mean?

This meant that as long as he had sufficient spirit medicines, Ye Yuan could create Celestial Deity powerhouses non-stop!

That was right! It was mass production!

This ability simply drove people insane.

What did the Southridge Ten Cities lack the most?

Powerhouses in the Celestial Deity Realms!

But with Ye Yuan’s ability, Celestial Deity Realms could actually be pass produced. What kind of heaven-defying ability was this?

For the other imperial cities, there was nothing they could feel other than jealousy.

Fortunately, even though there were many Divine Lords, there were very few half-step Celestial Deity martial artists.

Furthermore, the spirit medicines that the Supreme Jade Void Pill required were extremely scarce in the Southridge Lands. Those truly able to gather them were very few.

Otherwise, the entire Southridge Ten Cities would really change heavens.

Even so, Cloudjade Imperial City still offered a sky-high price of 300 billion, wanting to invite Ye Yuan to take action to refine the Supreme Jade Void Pill.

Cloudjade Imperial City was the Southridge Ten Cities’ strongest imperial city. Just the Celestial Deity powerhouses were as many as five.

Only the Cloudjade Imperial City, this kind of existence, could gather the Supreme Jade Void Pill’s spirit medicines.

These spirit medicines were extremely hard to come by. If not for Ye Yuan going to Riverluck Capital City, wanting to gather them would really not be an ordinary kind of difficult.

The spirit medicines to refine the Supreme Jade Void Pill, the total value was around 20 billion. It could be seen from this how valuable the medicine pill was.

The sky-high price of 300 billion that Cloudjade Imperial City offered was merely just to have Ye Yuan take action to refine it.

The spirit medicines were prepared by them.

It was just that if Ye Yuan could refine successfully.

300 billion to buy a Celestial Deity Realm was extremely worth it.

However, Ye Yuan still refused.

Increasing other imperial cities’ strength, this kind of thing, Ye Yuan naturally would not do it.

But since that day, the other eight cities would frequently send envoys to Heavenly Eagle to request pills from Ye Yuan.

No choice, the rank four divine pills that Ye Yuan refined, the quality was too good!

The other imperial cities’ Divine Lord Realm powerhouses, once cultivated to a critical juncture, ordinary medicinal pill quality would not be able to satisfy at all.

In the past, they could only be stuck at the gateway and take time to slowly grind.

But now, they had one more choice, that was to request pills from Ye Yuan.

The powerhouses of the eight great imperial cities, as long as they could obtain a medicinal pill from Ye Yuan’s hands, breaking through for them were virtually something already guaranteed.

It was also because of this that Ye Yuan’s medicinal pills were highly popular. However, it was hard to request for even one pill.

Of course, even if it was ordinary rank four divine pills, Ye Yuan would not casually refine them as well.

Some key medicinal pills, he would not refine for outsiders. This was his principle.

Furthermore, wanting to request Ye Yuan to take action, the prices were all extremely high.

But even so, Ye Manor’s front door was still almost trampled flat.

Hence, after the Golden Sword Pact, Heavenly Eagle became a very special existence.

Even Cloudjade Imperial City would not easily offend them either.

Furthermore, there was a legend that Heavenly Eagle’s Head Elder Ye Yuan was on very friendly terms with Southridge Patrolling Inspector, Jiang Jadehall!

This legend made everyone even more cautious in taking action, not daring to have the slightest notion towards Heavenly Eagle.

An empty hole invited the wind, but who knew if it was real or fake?

The key point was that Jiang Jadehall himself had not come out to clarify it either!

Ever since the Golden Sword Pact, Ye Yuan’s prestige in Heavenly Eagle had no equal.

And he had basically become a hands-off manager as well.

Currently, the Pill Tower and Martial Tower’s affairs were already handed to Ruo Xu and Ning Zhiyuan to deal with.

How could the present Ruo Xu still dare to even mutter dissent towards Ye Yuan’s words?

As for Ning Zhiyuan, with Zheng Qi and Coldfeather both breaking through, he also became the Martial Tower’s head elder as a matter of course.

Ye Yuan would give sermons in the Pill Tower every once in a while.

At that time, even Xuan Yu and Ruo Xu would also be like well-behaved little pupils, listening to the lecture quietly below.

Finally, one day, when Ye Yuan was giving a lecture, the wind and clouds suddenly surged, Xuan Yu gained enlightenment on Dao!

At this point, Heavenly Eagle added another Celestial Deity powerhouse.

Furthermore, it was even a Five-star Alchemy God!

Southridge Lands’ one and only Five-star Alchemy God!

The sad thing was that Xuan Yu this Five-star Alchemy God fell short of reality.

Southridge’s rank five divine rank spirit medicines were too scarce. Xuan Yu had no way of studying rank five divine pills at all.

However, Five-star Alchemy God was Five-star Alchemy God, his strength was far from what Four-star Alchemy Gods could compare to.

In a blink, a hundred years already passed. On this day, a figure drifted into Ye Manor and said with a big laugh, “Hahaha, Little Friend Ye Yuan, this old man came to beg for a drink again!”

Ye Yuan came out to welcome and said with a smile, “Elder Brother Jiang, you’ve been coming rather diligently recently! My Hundred Flowers Heavenly Immortal Wine can’t support your drinking like this!”

Hundred Flowers Heavenly Immortal Wine was a kind of rank four spirit alcohol that Ye Yuan created, gathering the essence of a hundred types of spirit flowers, and brewed with a secret method.

Not only was the taste superb, but it was also greatly beneficial to martial artists.

This flask of alcohol was very valuable.

Ever since Jiang Jadehall knew that Ye Yuan had this wine, he would come to ask for a few cups to drink every now and then.

In the long run, he became Ye Manor’s frequent guest.

Just as rumored in the outside world, these two people’s relationship was really not ordinary.

This reason was naturally due to the Supreme Jade Void Pill.

Jiang Jadehall’s request of Ye Yuan was high-grade, but in the end, Ye Yuan gave him a huge surprise. It was a divine-grade pill!

A divine-grade Supreme Jade Void Pill, this was an existence that could not be purchased even by spending money in the imperial capital!

The effect of the medicinal pill was naturally extraordinary.

Jiang Jadehall requested the pill for his niece. After his niece consumed the medicinal pill, she naturally broke through to the Celestial Deity Realm as a matter of course. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Furthermore, the same as Ning Tianping, her Celestial Deity Realm could not be compared to the normal Celestial Deity Realm. The effects of the medicinal pill would last for many years.

Presently, inside the medicinal pills that Ye Yuan refined contained his chaos power. Divine-grade Supreme Jade Void Pill was not the least bit inferior to the previous void spirit divine-grade!

Ever since then, Jiang Jadehall treated Ye Yuan as a bosom friend.

Furthermore, Jiang Jadehall understood that this was not Ye Yuan seeking connections with someone of higher standing. It might even be him, Jiang Jadehall, who was seeking connections with someone out of his league.

With Ye Yuan’s talent, he would absolutely not be limited to just Southridge Ten Cities in the future.

The land of the Southridge Ten Cities was barren with a shortage of resources. This place already did not have much space for his development.

Drinking a cup of Hundred Flowers Heavenly Immortal Wine, Jiang Jadehall was very refreshed and said to Ye Yuan with a smile, “Younger Brother, have you considered the matter that I talked with you about? With your talent, staying in this Southridge Land is too unworthy of your talents. The Imperial capital is the land where you put your talents to great use!”

Ye Yuan’s expression dimmed and he let out a sigh as he said, “I know that Elder Brother has good intentions. However, let’s wait a while more.”