Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 171: Digging a Pit for You to Jump!

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

Even without Ye Yuan’s reminder, Fang Yaojiang would also not let this chance pass.

Right when Ye Yuan and the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame’s origin fire essence were having a confrontation, Fang Yaojiang finally made a move!

He flew over to the vicinity of the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus’s main body and rapidly formed seals with both hands wanting to bind the flame lotus up using a bundle of essence energy.

The Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus seemed to have noticed that things were not good and tried to pull the origin fire essence back with full force. But the origin fire essence was currently locked-down dead by Ye Yuan. No matter how it called, the origin fire essence would not return.

A bundle of essence energy promptly enveloped the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus’s main body. The Flame Lotus kept on twisting non-stop. It was actually trying to break free from the restraint!

"Hahaha . . . To think that I, Fang Yaojiang, can actually subdue a Tier 4 essence fire! The heaven really opened its eyes! Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus, stop struggling any longer and obediently become my lifeblood fire essence!" Fang Yaojiang roared madly with laughter. He was obviously very ecstatic.

Ye Yuan could not help reproving him in his heart when he saw the situation. Is this fellow sane? Dug a pit for him and he just jumped inside like this?

It was one thing to jump inside, but he was even so pleased with himself.

Was his brain missing some neuron connections?

Ye Yuan was drenched in sweat currently as he clenched his jaw tight, appearing to be straining himself heavily. It seemed as if he could be swallowed up by the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame at any moment.

But in reality, he did not want it to be too effortless and without any pressure at all!

The reason why he pretending to be straining himself was so to create a false impression of facing off with the origin fire essence to make Fang Yaojiang jump into the pit by himself.

Ye Yuan was initially worried that Fang Yaojiang would not fall for it. Then his elaborately planned trap would not take effect. After all, Yuan Fei was not around. What he could rely on now was only this Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus.

Who would have thought this fellow, Fang Yaojiang, would really be so silly and naïve to directly jump into the pit.

It was fine if he just jumped inside, but he just had to cry out ’the heaven opened its eyes’ so arrogantly. Even Ye Yuan found it hard to keep watching.

In fact, Ye Yuan wronged Fang Yaojiang. He was a very cautious person originally. This point could be seen a little from how he was able to sneak into this underground cave and ambush Ye Yuan.

Ordinary martial artists, no matter how stunning they were, would also be in extreme peril under this sort of situation facing off with the origin fire essence. Regardless who was facing this sort of situation, they also would not dare to easily pull back essence energy. Otherwise, if there were a backlash from the origin fire essence, the outcome would be tragic.

Hence, Fang Yaojiang felt that under this sort of circumstances, Ye Yuan had no other choice but to cooperate with him to subdue the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus.

He used common sense to comprehend Ye Yuan but was unaware that Ye Yuan was simply an existence which surpassed his common sense.

There was no justice to not be tricked.

How could Fang Yaojiang have known that Ye Yuan was essentially the ancestor of playing with fire!

In his previous life, Ye Yuan refined a total of nine types of essence fire, and it was from Tier 1 to Tier 9 without missing a single tier.

Moreover, with Ye Yuan’s attainments in Alchemy Dao, his skills with regards to essence fire already reached a transcendent level. In the entire Divine Realm, one could not find more than a few who were stronger than him in terms of playing with fire.

Ji Qingyun and his father had their own specialized technique for gathering essence fires. It was called Fire Source True Sutra, and it was also a pinnacle fire controlling skill in the Divine Realm.

Ji Qingyun had long practiced this set of technique to the acme of perfection. Even though his strength today was a little weak, it was really not too much trouble to deal with a newborn Tier 4 essence fire.

However, even if Ye Yuan contained the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus’s origin fire essence, refining its main body was also not something so simple.

Fang Yaojiang revolved his essence energy to the limits wanting to refine the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus as fast as possible.

"Senior, is it done yet? I can’t hold on any longer!"

Ye Yuan faked a look like he was not going to make it anymore. Both of his hands shuddered, and that origin fire essence nearly flew out.

Fang Yaojiang jumped in fright at this scene, and his hand trembled along with it, nearly wasting all of his previous efforts. He only let out a long breath after waiting until Ye Yuan regained control of the origin fire essence. But the sweat on his forehead would not stop no matter what.

"Hang on a little longer, Little Brother! It will be done very soon! Just a while more!" Fang Yaojiang quickly said.

"O-Okay. Hurry up, Senior! I really can’t hold on much longer!"

As Ye Yuan was talking, his hand trembled again, frightening Fang Yaojiang until his soul nearly flew out.

"Little Brother, after this matter is done, I’ll give you a bottle, no, five bottles of Tier 3 medicinal pills, five bottles of Tier 2 medicinal pills! Just . . . Just hang on a little while more!" Fang Yaojiang sweated heavily.

He thought that with his identity as an Alchemy Grandmaster, rewarding ten bottles of medicinal pills was sufficient to move Ye Yuan. But he did not know that what Ye Yuan lacked the least was medicinal pills.

The medicinal pills Fang Yaojiang refined, even if they were Tier 3 medicinal pills, were just a lump of shit in Ye Yuan’s eyes.

"Fine then. You . . . You hurry up!"

However, Ye Yuan still pretended to be very reluctant and used a bit more force to stabilize the origin fire essence.

Ye Yuan took in the whole of Fang Yaojiang’s refinement. This fellow’s speed is really not an ordinary kind of slow.

The origin fire essence was already tied down by him. If it were him, he would have roughly finished refining in this time frame. But Fang Yaojiang did not even refine 30% of it, and he still talked about hanging on a while longer.

If it were really somebody else doing this, they would probably have been burnt to cinders long ago during this short while.

However, Ye Yuan naturally would not really let Fang Yaojiang finish refining. He was only wearing away Fang Yaojiang’s cautiousness.

Fang Yaojiang’s refinement speed was slow because there was still a portion of attention placed on Ye Yuan.

If Ye Yuan withdrew right away, Fang Yaojiang would definitely retreat with even greater speed.

Bluntly speaking, Fang Yaojiang was not fully assured about Ye Yuan, nor was it possible to fully trust him.

Hence, Ye Yuan used unable to hang on to force Fang Yaojiang to make him increase his refinement speed. Once he increased the speed to refine the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus, he naturally would not have the energy to monitor Ye Yuan’s activity over here.

Indeed, after Ye Yuan showed that he was unable to hang on two or three times, Fang Yaojiang indeed converged his mind and started to seriously refine.

With this seriousness, the refinement speed indeed became much faster. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Very quickly, Fang Yaojiang’s refinement was drawing to an end. He could not help being elated in his heart.

Just one more step, increase the speed a little more! This Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus is about to be mine! Fang Yaojiang’s inner heart was trembling.

But right at this time, warning bells sounded in his mind.

Fang Yaojiang only felt his eyes blur and a faint yellow glow instantly appeared in front of his eyes.

Chiii . . .

A burned smell spread out, and Fang Yaojiang’s entire person flew out backward without the slightest bit of suspense.

Being struck head-on by a Tier 4 essence fire while completely defenseless, how could a First Level Crystal Formation Realm martial artists withstand it?

Fang Yaojiang was currently lying on the ground quietly like a roast pig. His injuries were extremely severe.

Earlier, Ye Yuan released the constraint on the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame. Once the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus saw that it could communicate with the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame, it called it back to attack Fang Yaojiang without hesitation.

This Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus did not even think about attacking Ye Yuan at all. Because it had not been him confronting Ye Yuan this entire time, but it was Ye Yuan’s one-sided suppression of it.

In the eyes of the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus, Ye Yuan’s danger was much higher compared to Fang Yaojiang!

The Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus did not have intelligence. All of its actions were entirely out of instincts. Therefore, the first time he did was choose to attack Fang Yaojiang!

The pitiful Fang Yaojiang was screwed over just like that by Ye Yuan . . .