Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 176: Avatar Body!

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

Bang!

A foot sent a large piece of rock in front flying. Black Crow Old Man walked out of the gaping hole which he blasted out himself.

Currently, Black Crow Old Man’s clothing was in rags. Where was there even a trace of the bearing of an expert? He was totally a beggar.

"Very good! Excellent! A bunch of ants actually forced this Old Man to such an extent. You all can be amply proud! However, the price for that is all of your lives!"

Black Crow Old Man did not conceal his killing intent at all. He was truly enraged!

Before coming to snatch the treasure, Black Crow Old Man already calculated it. The biggest opponent during this trip would be the Golden Sword Condor.

But who would have thought that this brat which popped out from gods knows where, not only did he snatch away his treasure, he even gave him severe wounds!

Inside the Endless Forest, Black Crow Old Man was a veteran powerhouse. Especially ever since he broke through to the Sea Transformation Realm, he had never sustained such heavy injuries before.

And all of these was bestowed by this brat in front of him who was still wet behind his ears!

Without a doubt, Black Crow Old Man already had his killing intent triggered.

As luck would have it, Ye Yuan currently also had his killing intent invoked!

Ever since submission, Yuan Fei had been performing his duties diligently. Ye Yuan had already accepted this demonic beast servant.

And just now, Black Crow Old Man nearly killed Yuan Fei!

If not for Yuan Fei defending it at the last moment using the might of the grand array, he would probably be dead already at this time.

Ye Yuan had always been a protective person. Black Crow Old Man’s actions thoroughly incensed Ye Yuan!

Ye Yuan kept Yuan Fei away into the spatial artifact as well. He stared at Black Crow Old Man frostily and said, "This Little Lord’s life is right here. Come and take it if you have the capabilities!"

Looking at Ye Yuan exuding fighting spirit, Black Crow Old Man laughed wildly. "Hahaha . . . isn’t your greatest reliance that grand array just now? Now that the grand array is broken, you’re actually straining to be arrogant in front of this old man. Truly have no idea of death!"

Ye Yuan sneered and said, "If it was you at your heyday, I’m obviously not your match. But you’re originally already injured outside. You also received Yuan Fei’s blow just now. I’m afraid that your injuries right now isn’t light either, correct? How much strength can you unleash still? 60%? Or is it 50%?"

Being seen through by Ye Yuan, Black Crow Old Man’s face involuntarily changed. He immediately snorted coldly and said, "Humph! Even if I can only exert 30% of my strength, killing you is also no different from squashing an ant!"

"Is that so? This Little Lord wants to see just how you squash me, this ant, to death!" Ye Yuan said with a cold smile.

Finishing, Ye Yuan swallowed a medicinal pill straight away. His aura instantly skyrocketed.

This was the Tier 2 Five Elements Spirit Link Pill Ye Yuan refined before the trip!

Under Black Crow Old Man’s panic-stricken eyes, Ye Yuan’s realm soared and instantly broke through to Third Level Spirit Condensation Realm, and finally stopping at Fifth Level Spirit Condensation Realm!

"Huh? What medicinal pill is this? To actually directly broke through three realms! However . . . it should only be temporary, right?" Black Crow Old Man said with a scoff.

"It’s enough to deal with you!" Ye Yuan said frigidly.

"Haha! How wildly arrogant! If you can break through to the Crystal Formation Realm, I might still fear you a little. Only raising three minor realms in the Spirit Condensation Realm, what can that change?"

Ye Yuan did not waste his breath anymore. He directly turned into nine silhouettes. Nine sword beams combined into one.

Azure Dipper Floating Zero Sword Art, Nine Swords Stance!

Ye Yuan used his strongest killing move when he came up!

Black Crow Old Man’s eyes revealed a faint surprise. He clearly did not think that a mere Spirit Condensation Realm could actually release such a valiant sword move.

Ye Yuan was currently releasing the Nine Swords Stance with the Fifth Level Spirit Condensation Realm. Its might went up a level.

Except, facing a Sea Transformation Realm powerhouse, this sword seemed to be lacking.

Black Crow Old Man just lightly tapped with his staff, hitting that sword beam directly, and the sword beam immediately vanished into nothingness!

Powerful! A might which made people feel despair!

The Nine Swords Stance which had always worked could not even cause an iota of threat to Black Crow Old Man!

Even if he could only exert 50% of his strength, the power of Black Crow Old Man still made people feel hopeless!

However, Ye Yuan naturally would not be naïve enough to think that he could settle the other party based solely on this one sword. He was just probing Black Crow Old Man’s strength.

Evidently, Black Crow Old Man also saw through Ye Yuan’s thoughts, so he brought out his strongest side.

It looked to be a relaxed resolution, but tremendous shock surged in Black Crow Old Man’s heart.

He originally thought that this sword was only so-so. But when he came into contact with the sword beam, the tremendous attack power of the sword beam still made him somewhat ill-prepared.

This sword could already virtually hurt Crystal Formation Realm experts!

And his strength now was only around middle-stage Crystal Formation Realm.

If not for his thick base, just that move earlier would have already wounded him.

He nearly failed in an easy task. This made Black Crow Old Man secretly furious.

"Humph! Paltry tricks! You already finished fighting. Now, it’s my turn!"

Black Crow Old Man decided to show Ye Yuan a thing or two properly to let him know what was called Sea Transformation Realm!

He held the staff horizontally in front of his chest and started gathering the horrifying heaven and earth essence energy once more.

Black Crow Old Man’s staff was obviously a spirit artifact. It had the effect of boosting the accumulation of heaven and earth essence energy! It was also precisely this aspect which allowed him to defeat the Golden Sword Condor.

Now, Black Crow Old Man gathered heaven and earth essence energy. While it was not as terrifying as the heaven and earth essence energy previously, it was also not something that a Spirit Condensation Realm martial artist like Ye Yuan could withstand.

Ye Yuan’s expression faltered when he saw the situation. He gritted his teeth and formed nine bodies once more, unleashing the Nine Swords Stance once again!

However, in front of the heaven and earth essence energy accumulated by Black Crow Old Man, this move was too insignificant. It could not even cause a small wave.

"Humph! A brat who doesn’t know the immensity of heaven and earth! Go and die!"

Black Crow Old Man strike lightly. The Essence Qi Wave hurtled towards Ye Yuan!

Ye Yuan’s expression changed greatly, and he hurriedly executed his movement technique to try and escape. But the Essence Qi Wave’s speed became faster and faster, and followed after like a shadow!

Rumble!

The Essence Qi Wave exploded once again. The insides of the cave became a brilliant patch of white, blinding the eyes.

Black Crow Old Man sensed that Ye Yuan’s aura had already vanished with trace! It was evident that Ye Yuan was already dead beyond dead!

"Hahaha! Stinky brat who looks down on other people! Finally dead, eh? A puny little Spirit Condensation Realm actually dared to be so wantonly conceited! Truly tired of living!"

Black Crow Old Man had also been taken advantaged of fully by Ye Yuan today. He had been in an extremely bad mood.

Now that he knew Ye Yuan died, a mouthful of turbid air in his chest was finally exhaled, his heart had unspeakable carefreeness.

Who knew how many years it had been, Black Crow Old Man was actually gloating over killing a Spirit Condensation Realm.

After a few moments, the light dissipated. Black Crow Old Man looked towards where Ye Yuan originally was, and his laughter stopped abruptly. Following that, his expression changed!

That place was actually completely empty!

If Ye Yuan became residue, Black Crow Old Man would not even find that strange. But that piece of land did not even have a hair!

Since when did the power of the Essence Qi Wave become so powerful?

Could it actually vaporize Ye Yuan entirely?

What kind of joke was this?

Right then, Black Crow Old Man felt goosebumps all over his body.

There was danger!

Black Crow Old Man did not even think about it as his body shot backward with immense speed.

Boom!

A streak of sword beam shot out from the ground, punching through the earth’s surface, piercing straight towards Black Crow Old Man’s face!

Swoosh!

The sword beam grazed against Black Crow’s face, shaving off a few strands of hair!

So close! Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

And right at this moment, Ye Yuan’s figure also leaped out from the ground.

Black Crow Old Man avoided this crisis, but his expression changed. "Avatar body?!"