Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1847 This Battle, You Must Go

“Foster Father, this Dazzling Crane Plumage Garment was purchased by Hao-er from the hands of a True God powerhouse at a great price. This celestial deity mystic treasure on Young Sister Qiuling would be most exquisite.”In Leng Hongxiu’s courtyard, Leng Hao had a respectful look, carrying some fawning, and a bit of caution.

One had to say, this Leng Hao was a fierce and ambitious person too.

Many years ago, before Leng Hongxiu became family head, Leng Hao already acknowledged the other party as foster father and ingratiated himself with him in all manners.

One could say that he was a character who was capable of dealing with people.

Although he was a bastard child, his status in the family was still quite high.

Being brothers with the young patriarch, foster father and son with the second master, all these were not what just anybody could achieve.

Of course, Leng Hao doing so was actually just to make his life a little better, his future a little brighter.

He did it.

Except, even he himself also did not expect that Leng Hongxiu would actually become the family head one day, and his close brother, Leng Xu, actually became the Leng Family’s marginalized figure.

This made his thoughts stir.

In terms of talent, he was inferior to Leng Xu. But Leng Hao always felt that he was only like this because he was inferior to Leng Xu in terms of resources.

One had to know how much he paid for the sake of today!

As long as he could become the young patriarch, when he grasped power in his hands, his cultivation speed would definitely go up, and his position would also be more stable.

Perhaps one day, he could take charge of the Leng Family!

One had to admit, Leng Hao’s schemes were very elaborate.

When Leng Hongxiu saw this gorgeous Dazzling Crane Plumage Garment, his eyes could not help lighting up.

This garment worn on his daughter, Leng Qiuling, would definitely be as beautiful as a fairy.

The Leng Family’s most talented descendant was not Leng Xu, let alone Leng Hao, but the Leng Qiuling who was known as an iceberg-beauty.

Several hundred years ago, Leng Qiuling gained enlightenment on Dao on the Heavenspan Mountain at the age of 500 and stepped into the realm of Celestial Deity.

And now, several hundred years passed again, Leng Qiuling already broke through to the Fifth Firmament Celestial Deity Realm!

Such talent, placed in the entire imperial capital, it was an extremely dazzling existence.

In contrast, Leng Xu paled much more in comparison.

What Leng Hongxiu valued the most was also this daughter.

What did it matter if he had no sons?

With this daughter, it was enough!

For Leng Qiuling to be able to become the family head, it naturally had great connection to Leng Qiuling.

Among peers, Leng Hongxiu was not without competitors. But the elders council let him take over the family head with unanimous agreement.

In reality, Leng Qiuling was not just his, Leng Hongxiu’s pride, she was also the Leng Family’s pride.

The reason why Leng Hao put so much effort on Leng Hongxiu was naturally because of Leng Qiuling too.

“Not bad, very good! Huhu, Hao-er, you’re very thoughtful!” Leng Hongxiu nodded his head in satisfaction.

To martial artists, beauty was naturally secondary. The most important thing was that this Dazzling Crane Plumage Garment was a celestial deity mystic treasure, its defensive power extremely strong.

But beauty and tangible benefits being paid equal attention to, who would refuse?

Leng Hao smiled and said, “This is what this child should do! These few years, Foster Father has taken good care of me, Young Sister Qiuling and I are closer than actual brothers and sisters. What does this little thing count for?”

Leng Hongxiu gave Leng Hao a glance and said smilingly, “Hao-er, I’ve discussed with the elders council a few days ago. They feel that Xu-er continuing to hold the position of young patriarch now is indeed rather awkward. Of course, you also have to bring out the corresponding strength. Ten days later, you and Xu-er will have a competition. The victor will become the new young patriarch! I have no biological son, but you’re my son!”

When Leng Hao heard this, he prostrated on the ground, tears on his face as he said, “Foster Father, this child ... this child, really don’t know what to say.”

Leng Hongxiu helped him up and said smilingly, “It’s been so many years, does Father still not know your character? You’re different from the rest. Back then, I haven’t risen to power yet. Qiuling’s talent also hasn’t been revealed yet, and you got quite close to our family.”

Leng Hao’s face was extremely moved, but in his heart, he was filled with ecstasy.

So many years of investment, it was finally time for the returns. How could he not be agitated?

Leng Hao was different from the rest. When others were hugging the family head’s thigh, he did not go.

Because he did not have that qualification.

Hence, he deliberately approached Leng Xu and Leng Qiuling.

When Leng Qiuling was very young, he saw that terrifying cultivation talent of Leng Qiuling’s one time. At that time, he decided to invest in her.

Along with Leng Hao’s standing rising, his ambition also grew greater and greater.

Leng Hongxiu said, “I know that your strength is stronger than Xu-er’s. But this competition is of utmost importance. Sharpening the spear just before going into battle, even if it’s not sharp, it will also be bright. These ten days, you cultivate well, don’t be distracted by other things.”

Leng Hao bid farewell and left. A beautiful figure stepped out of the void.

“Father!”

Leng Hongxiu looked at his daughter with a doting look and said with a smile, “You and Hao-er played since young. Why is now that you’re not even willing to meet him now?”

Leng Qiuling frowned slightly and said, “Big Brother Leng Hao he ... changed!”

Leng Hongxiu said, “People will always change. Come, try put on this Dazzling Crane Plumage Garment. This kid is thoughtful too.”

Leng Qiuling instinctively resisted a little, but seeing that Father was very enthusiastic, she finally still put it on.

...

In Leng Xu’s courtyard, Leng Xu was drowning his sorrows in wine again.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “There are still ten days, then it’s the battle to determine the young patriarch. But you’re being dispirited here. Is it really okay?”

Leng Xu directly raised the jar and said to Ye Yuan, “Drink! This kind of lousy thing, care about it for what?”

Ye Yuan pressed down his wine jaw and shook his head and said, “Treat you as a brother, I’ll say a few words from the bottom of my heart. If you won’t listen, just take it as I didn’t say anything.”

Seeing Ye Yuan’s solemness, Leng Xu could not help being surprised.

These few days, Ye Yuan had been drinking with him to relieve boredom all along, and never said a word.

Today, no idea why, he would actually be so serious.

Leng Xu already regarded Ye Yuan as his only brother now, and naturally attached great importance to his attitude.

He nodded his head, put down the wine jar, and said, “You say.”

Ye Yuan said, “This battle, you must go! Furthermore, you must win!”

Leng Xu’s brows furrowed and he said, “What for? Brother Ye, I ...”

Ye Yuan interrupted him, saying, “I know that you’re not inclined towards the position of young patriarch. But it’s precisely because of this that you have to go even more! You can disregard this empty reputation. But if you even lose your heart of martial arts, you’ll be a walking corpse in the future! This kind of person, who will think much of you? I’m willing to drink with you because I feel that your character is unrestrained and carefree, and not because you’re a good-for-nothing! Moreover, your father made you the young patriarch. Do you want to tell everybody that the former family head appointed a good-for-nothing?”

Ye Yuan’s words were akin to a series of thunderbolts, which sounded out in Leng Xu’s heart.

Ye Yuan continued and said, “Your father was killed; your brother betrayed you. You indeed have sufficient reason to be decadent. But you ask yourself, are you resigned to it? Your father’s grudge, are you not avenging anymore? Also, Leng Hao, he already wants to send you to your doom. Once he holds power, do you feel that he’ll allow you to live? Therefore, this battle, you have to win! Even if after you win, you tell everyone that you feel it is beneath your dignity to be their young patriarch!”

Leng Xu’s gaze gradually changed. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

From hazy, it became resolute.

Indeed, he had far too many things to do!

Lifting his head, Leng Xu downed the jar of wine and said, “Brother Ye, thank you!”