Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1861: Who Is Brother With You?

The fire spread rapidly and was practically going to immolate the entire space.

For a moment, wails of doom filled the lands.

Under such power, even True God powerhouses were hard-pressed to escape death too.

“Junior Apprentice Sister, follow me. I’ll bring you out.”

Xu Xing flashed a confident smile at Leng Qiuling and was about to hold her hand.

Leng Qiuling’s face changed, and she hurriedly pulled her hand back.

Xu Xing’s hand froze there, his expression seemingly rather embarrassed, and he said with a smile, “Follow me closely. Don’t get lost.”

Finished saying, Xu Xing’s figure moved, speeding toward the depths of the mountain range.

Luckily, Thousand Soar Alliance’s people ran fast and escaped the core region of the grand array very quickly.

But the danger was not far away.

Even if right now was at the border region, a large cluster of flames would also rush out from time to time, reaping the lives of a group of powerhouses.

The strength of those True God powerhouses was formidable, but they were also delayed by those powerful lames.

As for Xu Xing they all, these juniors, could only band together.

But along the way, with Xu Xing leading a group of disciples to blaze a trail, it was very smooth sailing. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

But he discovered that a young man followed by Leng Qiuling’s side from start to end, and his brows could not help furrowing.

“Boy, you don’t seem to be a Thousand Soar Mansion’s disciple, right? Get lost, our team doesn’t bring along good-for-nothings!” Xu Xing said unhappily.

In his view, Ye Yuan, this Second Firmament Celestial Deity, saw that their squad was powerful, and sought their protection.

How could he allow this sort of thing?

Leng Qiuling spoke up, “Senior Apprentice Brother Xu, Ye Yuan is my friend.”

Xu Xing’s expression was rather awkward as he said with a smile, “So, it’s Junior Apprentice Sister Leng’s friend, then that’s alright. But let’s get the unpleasant things out of the way first. People who don’t contribute, don’t think about getting any benefits!”

Ye Yuan just smiled and did not speak.

At this time, the Zhuo Han in the squad suddenly opened his mouth and said, “Huhu, not just being friends that simple, right? I heard that City Lord Gu has the intention of matchmaking Junior Apprentice Sister Leng and Ye Yuan! Junior Apprentice Sister Leng, congratulations to you!”

The moment these words came out, everyone’s faces changed.

Those present were all young heroes. The weakest in strength was also peak Fourth Firmament Celestial Deity.

Could a measly Second Firmament Celestial Deity be worthy of Leng Qiuling?

More importantly, there was an additional Xu Xing now!

Xu Xing was also taken aback, his gaze when looking at Ye Yuan had additional thick enmity.

Seeing this scene, Zhuo Han secretly felt great in his heart.

He knew that just this one sentence was enough.

Leng Qiuling’s brows furrowed, her gaze when looking at Zhuo Han was icy-cold.

How could Zhuo Han not feel it? But he already did not care anymore.

Forget that there was Ye Yuan, even if there was no Ye Yuan, it also had nothing to do with him anymore now.

Competing with Xu Xing?

That was looking for death!

Xu Xing did not want to lose his bearing in front of Leng Qiuling and only said indifferently, “Oh? To be able to be viewed favorably by City Lord Gu, looks like this Brother Ye is bound to have areas surpassing others! Later, this Xu would like to spar.”

But one sentence and the smell of gunpowder already became strong.

Ye Yuan gave him a glance and said coolly, “Who is brother with you? Are you worthy?”

Everyone was stunned, not expecting that Ye Yuan was actually so unyielding.

Xu Xing was also taken aback. He thought that Ye Yuan would beat a retreat in the face of difficulties after hearing his words. He did not expect that Ye Yuan actually showed such little regard for his face.

Ye Yuan naturally would not give him face. He did not have any improper thoughts toward Leng Qiuling, but these guys insisted on treating him as an imaginary foe.

The most important thing was that this Xu Xing was a hypocrite who posed as someone of high morals with one look.

Saw that his realm was low and wanted to drive him out of the team.

Actually, if not in order to protect Leng Qiuling, he would not be bothered to travel together with these people.

Yet, this Xu Xing was self-righteous and felt that Ye Yuan was benefiting from association with him.

Xu Xing’s face fell and he said in a cold voice, “Refusing face when given! Since that’s the case, then you have no need to follow our squad anymore too. After all, we don’t know each other.”

Leng Qiuling’s brows furrowed and she said, “Ye Yuan is my Thousand Soar Imperial Capital’s guest. If he isn’t in this team, then I’ll leave too.”

Xu Xing’s face changed, immediately overflowing with jealousy.

He did not expect that Leng Qiuling actually had just little regard for his face, and was actually put in a dilemma for a moment.

“Humph! I’ll give Junior Apprentice Sister Leng face. Today’s matter, this Xu remembered it!” Xu Xing said with a cold snort.

Bang!

Suddenly, a violent fire wave attacked. Everyone turned pale with fright.

“Xu Xing, this wave of fire is too strong. You guys take care of yourselves! Remember, don’t split up!” Ji Kang’s voice came over at this time.

“Got it, Elder Ji!” Xu Xing said in a clear voice.

Finished talking, he turned to everyone again and said, “Everybody, we’ll join hands for this wave of fire, all heed my command! Junior Apprentice Sister Leng, you hide behind me.”

Xu Xing had a righteous appearance that was unflinching in the face of death as if everything was within control.

Leng Qiuling originally did not want to answer, but seeing Ye Yuan wink at her, only then, did she retreat.

“Ahh, ahhh, ahhh ...” Another series of screams came over. Some weaker martial artists were still burned to death or seriously injured.

“Ye Yuan, right now is the juncture of life and death, could it be that you plan on hiding at the back like a girl?” When Xu Xing saw that Ye Yuan also shrinked back at the back, he could not resist saying in a cold voice.

But Ye Yuan smiled and said, “You all are powerful, I’m just a rookie. It’s safer to hide at the back.”

The words incurred numerous scornful looks.

These young heroes all felt that this Ye Yuan was simply too shameless.

However, they already had no time to be scornful of Ye Yuan.

“Everyone listens to the command. Use your strongest attacks and meet the fire wave! Release!” Xu Xing gave a fierce cry, his long sword suddenly attacking.

A sword emerging, it was akin to a rainbow cutting across the sky, welcoming that wave of fire.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Multicolored divine essence undulations revolved around inside the mountain range, meeting the blazing fire in unison.

Puu, puu, puu ...

Even though these were all distinguished folks among the junior generation, the Immortal Wind Grand Array was seriously too strong. The enormous shock wave knocked their bodies flying backward, fresh blood spewing wildly.

Xu Xing’s entire person appeared somewhat wretched, the clothing on his body was also significantly scorched.

However, the flames only paused slightly for a moment and staged a comeback.

Xu Xing’s face changed and he roared to the back, “Everyone quickly run! These flames are unstoppable!”

As he said, how could he still care about Leng Qiuling, turning tail and running?

Bang!

The flames immediately burned a large area, screams echoed out together.

Quite a number of young heroes did not have time to escape and were directly devoured by the large fire.

Xu Xing and the group of geniuses covered their heads and scurried away. No idea how long they fled either, finally escaping the engulfment of the flames.

But the moment he turned his head back, Xu Xing discovered that Leng Qiuling’s traces were long gone, and his expression could not help changing.

“Zhuo Han, you saw Junior Apprentice Sister Leng?” Xu Xing looked at the extremely wretched Zhuo Han and asked in a solemn voice.

Zhuo Han still had not caught his breath until now. Seeing Xu Xing inquire, he could not help shaking his head and said, “D-Didn’t see! Everyone was all fleeing on their own, how could I care about her?”

Xu Xing’s brows furrowed. Straining his eyes and looking into the distance, he discovered that the road when they came was long already engulfed by the large fire, becoming a sea of fire.