Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1862: Door of Four Symbols

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

A young hero said, “Senior Apprentice Brother Xu, just now, in the mayhem, I seem to have seen Junior Apprentice Sister Leng and that Ye Yuan get engulfed by the flames!”

Just now, a large wave of fire pounced over, engulfing many people all at once.

Leng Qiuling dying inside was nothing strange.

“Damn it!”

Seeing that vast expanse of fire sea behind him, Xu Xing was extremely remorseful and angry. He finally managed to take fancy on a woman and she was actually burned to death just like this.

But Zhuo Han had an excited look because he heard that Ye Yuan was dead too.

“Senior Apprentice Brother Xu doesn’t need to be like this. There are plenty of other fishes in the sea. Although that Leng Qiuling was quite good-looking, there are still some who can match up to Senior Apprentice Brother Xu with some difficulty.” Zhuo Han urged him.

Sure enough, the moment Xu Xing heard, his expression became much better and he switched to a regretful expression as he said with a nod, “Be that as it may, with Junior Apprentice Sister Leng dying in the sea of fire, I’m still very upset!”

Zhuo Han smiled and said, “Senior Apprentice Brother Xu is indeed somebody who values sentiments, Zhuo Han admires!”

“Eh, you guys, look! There seem to be people walking inside that sea of fire!”

Suddenly, a young man shouted.

Everyone got a big shock and used doubting gazes to look over.

It was fine if they did not look, but when they saw it, each and every one of them was shocked until their jaws hit the ground.

Amidst the sea of fire, there were indeed two figures vaguely visible, coming over to their side.

“This ... How is this possible? Such a terrifying sea of fire, there are actually people who can move inside it.”

“Yeah, I saw it clearly just now, a Fourth Firmament Celestial Deity powerhouse was instantly burned to ashes, how can there possibly be people moving around inside it?”

“Hang on, this seems to be a male and female. They look rather familiar!”

No need him to say, everyone already saw clearly. These two figures were precisely Ye Yuan and Leng Qiuling!

Ye Yuan held Leng Qiuling with one hand, disappearing and reappearing inside the sea of fire as if they would be engulfed at any time.

But those violent flames were seemingly avoiding the two of them. They were very safe from beginning to end.

Zhuo Han’s face almost became green, looking at this scene full of disbelief.

Swoosh!

Ye Yuan leaped, bringing along Leng Qiuling and directly jumping out of the sea of fire.

Naught a scratch!

Everyone did not quite dare to believe their eyes. Inside such a berserk sea of fire, they could actually remain completely unscathed!

Ye Yuan looked at Xu Xing and said with a look of amusement, “This Senior Apprentice Brother Xu, didn’t you say that you wanted to protect Junior Apprentice Sister Leng earlier? Why did you run even faster than a rabbit?”

Xu Xing’s expression choked up. He pledged in all solemnity just now with the appearance of a peerless hero, saying to protect Leng Qiuling.

But when he fled, he completely did not even look at Leng Qiuling and ran faster than everyone else.

“Junior Apprentice Sister Leng, I ...”

Xu Xing was just about to explain, but heard Leng Qiuling say indifferently, “Senior Apprentice Brother Xu’s body is priceless, how can you risk your life? Moreover, Senior Apprentice Brother Xu and I are neither kith nor kin, there’s also no need to stay behind to save me.”

Toward Xu Xing, Leng Qiuling looked down on him from the bottom of her heart.

Everyone said that a friend in need is a friend indeed, it was not false at all.

Along the way, Xu Xing was always doing his best to please and woo. But when it really reached the critical moment, he was not reliable at all.

Such a person was not worthy of undertaking any responsibility at all.

Xu Xing they all retreated too suddenly, laying Leng Qiuling bare inside the sea of fire all of a sudden.

Leng Qiuling was caught off-guard and almost lost her life in the sea of fire.

At the eleventh hour, it was still Ye Yuan who stepped forward bravely and brought her out of the sea of fire.

But towards Ye Yuan, Leng Qiuling was also extremely shocked in her heart.

The surroundings were clearly all wildly dancing fire snakes, but they seemed to turn a blind eye to the two of them. She completely did not understand what happened.

All in all, places where the fire snakes arrived at, wails of doom filled the lands. Yet, the two of them could stand aloof without paying attention to others. It was truly incomparably magical.

Hearing Leng Qiuling said so, Xu Xing’s heart seemed to have been pricked.

In so many years, Leng Qiuling was the first woman who moved him. He did not expect that in a blink of an eye, the two people’s relationship actually became like this.

He used venomous eyes to look at Ye Yuan. He attributed this incident to Ye Yuan.

...

Inside a valley ahead, a group of True God powerhouses had long already arrived.

Ye Yuan swept a glance over and discovered that these True God powerhouses were all carrying wounds from head to toe. Their numbers also reduced a little.

Clearly, this Immortal Wind Heavenly Fire Grand Array’s power was extremely strong. Even True God powerhouses found it hard to avoid the outcome of death too.

Currently, in the valley, apart from the Thousand Soar Alliance’s powerhouses, the other itinerant cultivators were all taking a rest on their own too.

In truth, the itinerant powerhouses that came this time were several times of the Thousand Soar Alliance in terms of numbers. Among them also had quite a few True God level powerhouses.

But in this place, no one dared to employ the strength of True God Realm at all. Otherwise, being annihilated was just a matter of an instant.

Someone complained in the crowd, “The Heavenly Sun Mountain Range is so big. We haven’t found the entrance to the abode yet and so many people already died! This place wouldn’t be a hoax, right?”

“Isn’t that so? This Four Symbols Grand Array is too terrifying. It’s simply purgatory on earth! It wouldn’t be that we couldn’t even find the entrance and we’d all be dead, right?

Regardless of whether it was the Thousand Soar Alliance or those itinerant martial artists, the expression on everyone’s face was very ugly.

Clearly, this was also what they were worried about.

The Four Symbols Grand Array that Heavenly Empyrean Immortal Grove laid down was too terrifying, eradicating them was like playing.

But so many people died and they had not even seen the entrance to the abode. So how could they not be depressed?

Rumble!

Right at this time, in the four directions of the valley, four stone doors rose up from the ground, making the earth quake.

“The key to open up the abode lies inside these four stone doors! Inside each stone door contains a drop of Empyrean-level Sour Symbols true blood. When you collect the four symbols true blood, you’ll be able to open this Empyrean’s abode, and obtain this Empyrean’s legacy!”

A voice was akin to rolling thunder, making everyone’s faces wildly ecstatic.

Empyrean-level Four Symbols true blood, that was a massive lucky chance!

If one could obtain a drop of Empyrean-level Four Symbols true blood, even if they did not enter the abode, it was also sufficient to benefit for life.

The crowd started seething with excitement once more.

Especially Ji Kang, his two eyes were practically glowing.

His realm had always been stuck at peak True God Realm and kept being unable to break through.

He knew that he had already exhausted his potential and was completely unable to break through to the Empyrean Realm anymore.

But, if let him obtain a drop of Empyrean-level Four Symbols true blood, then he might very likely break through to the Empyrean Realm!

Swoosh!

Virtually without the slightest hesitation, Ji Kang immediately rushed towards the stone door on the east side.

That stone door was the Door of Azure Dragon.

At this time, how was the Thousand Soar Alliance still useful? These True God powerhouses all moved swiftly, moving towards the four stone doors

Whoever was a step slow, the lucky chance might be snatched away by others.

“Young Master Ye, which stone door are you planning to go?” Leng Qiuling asked rather curiously.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “Vermilion Bird true blood should be the bloodline most suited for you! Why don’t we enter the Door of Vermilion Bird?”

Leng Qiuling looked at Ye Yuan in surprise. Hearing the meaning in his words, if they obtained the Four Symbols true blood, he was actually going to give to her?

“This ... Young Master Ye, are you not planning on obtaining for the Four Symbols true blood?”Leng Qiuling asked.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “Just Four Symbols true blood, also not something remarkable. Come on.”