Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1865: Plucking the Sun Barehandedly

Inside the bleak and desolate desert, more than ten figures were flickering irregularly.

“Ji Xun, leave behind the Vermilion Bird true blood!”

“Your secret art has probably already reached the limit, right?”

More than ten powerhouses were in hot pursuit, this chase had also escaped more than god knows how many tens of thousands of miles away already.

Ji Xun’s entire person was in a great panic and he was still driven into an impasse.

Finally, those dozen over figures caught up to Ji Xun, cutting off all of his paths of retreat.

“Heh, Ji Xun, you suffered heavy injuries and can’t escape!”

“Hurry up and hand over the Vermilion Bird true blood and we’ll spare you from death!”

Although Ji Xun’s background was deep, at this time, who would still care about him, this city lord?

Ji Xun’s expression turned solemn and he said in a deep voice, “Want the Vermilion Bird true blood, come and get it if you have the capabilities then!”

“Humph! Refusing a toast only to drink to a forfeit!”

More than ten figures rushed up together, unfolding a fierce slaughter.

Although Ji Xun was a Seventh Firmament True God powerhouse, he could not unleash his true strength at all currently. Coupled with that he was fighting against the odds, how could he be these people’s match?

Puchi!

A blade pierced right into his abdomen, completely wiping out his vitality.

That True God powerhouse holding the blade grinned hideously and said, “You courted death yourself, can’t blame me!”

Right at this time, the corners of Ji Xun’s mouth revealed a hint of a strange smile. That True God powerhouse immediately felt something amiss.

“Be careful!”

Those over a dozen people were just about to step forward and search his body, but Ji Xun’s body suddenly exploded. A massive energy wave spread out vigorously.

The dozen over people were blown off their feet, each and every one suffering heavy injuries.

That True God powerhouse who wielded the blade was actually directly blasted into ashes.

“Nine Suns Thunder Exploding Talisman! D-Damn it! We were tricked!”

“Chasing for so long, this was actually a clone of his!”

...

At this time, underground in some remote place inside the desert, Ji Xun’s entire person was covered by sand.

He opened up a narrow space under the ground and hid here.

His aura was currently dispirited and inert, but looking at the jade box in his hand, his two eyes emitted light.

“Heh, in order to obtain you, I even abandoned the clone that I cultivated for several tens of thousands of years! With this Vermilion Bird true blood, I can definitely break through to the Empyrean Realm and become the sovereign of a region! Ye Yuan brat, you killed Han-er right in front of my face. I’ll make you wish you were dead!”

Upon thinking of Ye Yuan, Ji Xun’s fury was boundless.

If not for Ye Yuan killing Zhuo Han at the crucial moment, greatly shocking his mind, he also would not have been ambushed by someone, and obtaining this jade box would not expend so much effort.

That clone was obtained by him several tens of thousands of years ago and had always followed him. Presently, it already cultivated to the boundary of Fifth Firmament True God as well.

This clone cost him countless painstaking efforts.

Now, everything was gone.

Ji Xun’s hatred toward Ye Yuan could be imagined.

He naturally would not have thought that he nearly almost killed Ye Yuan back then.

Feeling the waves of powerful undulation coming from inside the jade box, Ji Xun felt an upsurge of emotion.

Carrying flustered feelings, Ji Xun’s divine essence surged, slowly opening the jade box.

Bang!

A cloud of black gas suddenly emerged, immediately covering Ji Xun’s face.

“Hahaha, this empyrean finally sees the light of day anew! Boy, I’ll borrow your body to use!”

A sinister voice came over, the black gas bored straight into Ji Xun’s body.

“Ahh! What the hell are you, get lost for Your Father! Get out of Your Father’s body!” Ji Xun roared furiously.

“Je je, this seat is Empyrean Devilfeather! To be able to get possessed by this empyrean, you should be happy!”

“Scram! What dogfart Empyrean, your bit of strength also wants to seize possession of my body? Dream on!”

“Je je, this Empyrean already invaded inside your sea of consciousness, want to seize possession or not, that’s not up to you too!”

“Why?! Why isn’t it the Vermilion Bird true blood inside this box?” Ji Xun bellowed.

“Vermilion Bird true blood? Turns out that you were finding the Vermilion Bird true blood! Hahaha, in this space, the Vermilion Bird true blood is that blazing sun, you actually thought that it’s inside this jade box? Really foolish! But, it’s precisely also because of your foolishness that this empyrean can see the light of day again!” Empyrean Devilfeather laughed strangely as he said.

“B-Blazing sun! I-Impossible!”

Empyrean Devilfeather’s words made Ji Xun’s mind tremble greatly.

A person and a fiend unleashed an intense struggle inside Ji Xun’s sea of consciousness.

...

“That’s the Vermilion Bird true blood? This ... How is this possible?”

Leng Qiuling raised her head and looked at the sky, that blazing sun was incomparably scorching.

But she was unable to believe no matter what that that blazing sun was actually the Vermilion Bird true blood that everyone racked their heads to snatch for.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “This space is hewed open with the Vermilion Bird true blood as its foundation. And this oasis is the center of this space. One can only obtain the Vermilion Bird true blood from here.”

Leng Qiuling’s mouth opened into a circle and said with a disbelieving look, “Then ... Then what was it that Ji Xun snatched away?”

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “That I don’t know. But ... I reckon that it’s nothing good, huhu.”

Leng Qiuling listened until she stared dumbfounded and was tongue-tied. Until now, she still felt like she was dreaming.

Looking at the dead bodies strewn all over the ground in the oasis, Leng Qiuling could not help smiling bitterly.

These people went through all kinds of hardships and difficulties to come here. They did not expect that what they fought over was actually a fake Vermilion Bird true blood.

However, Leng Qiuling soon felt at ease too.

The world of martial artists was like this to begin with.

Those who possess a great destiny could obtain astonishing treasures inside mystic realms, going through a nirvanic rebirth.

But the vast majority of the people would perish inside mystic realms.

The birth of a powerhouse was built on countless corpses.

Using the achievement of a general was built on the dead bodies of countless soldiers was not over the top at all.

“But ... how should we obtain the Vermilion Bird true blood?” Leng Qiuling asked with uncertainty.

In this place, no one dared to fly toward the sky. Because the high-altitude restrictive array formation was not what they could contend with.

This had already been confirmed by countless people.

Ye Yuan smiled slightly, figure leaping, and stepped onto that stone table.

Rumble!

In the sky, winds and clouds changed. An extremely powerful flame appeared indistinctly as if it was going to burn the entire space.

And Ye Yuan was situated in the center of this firestorm!

Seeing this scene, Leng Qiuling’s expression changed greatly, and she exclaimed, “Ye Yuan, be careful!”

But Ye Yuan did not care at all, figure leaping straight up to the clouds!

At the same time, a majestic power of Great Dao burst forth on Ye Yuan’s body, welcoming that horrifying flame.

Leng Qiuling’s pupils constricted. That limitless flame was actually shrinking!

As if ... it was afraid of Ye Yuan.

Those flames finally converged on the blazing sun. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ye Yuan flew higher and higher, all the way until he was at the same height as the blazing sun.

Under Leng Qiuling’s astonished gaze, Ye Yuan reached his hand out and plucked at the blazing sun.

At this time, the incomparably berserk blazing sun actually became incomparably docile, its light weakening extremely rapidly, finally turning into the appearance of a drop of blood.

Ye Yuan grasped lightly, holding this drop of Vermilion Bird true blood in the palm of his hand, and floated down.

Leng Qiuling looked at Ye Yuan with a look of astonishment on her face.

“You ... How did you do it?”