Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1872: Stellar War Banner

“Not relying on his own strength? But what kind of power can block such a terrifying sword formation?” Ji Xun was really astounded.

Empyrean Devilfeather smiled and said, “Most likely ... this boy has deep ties with Heavenly Empyrean Immortal Grove!”

Ji Xun was startled inwardly, having a feeling of suddenly seeing the light.

Right at this time, the sword lights receded. Ye Yuan’s figure appeared once more and it was still that posture.

Everyone held their breaths, they felt that something big was going to happen!

“E-Empyrean spirit treasure! He’s going to get an empyrean spirit treasure!”

Before this, no one would have expected that Ye Yuan could actually clear the ninth level sword formation.

But since he made it through, that meant that Ye Yuan would obtain an empyrean spirit treasure.

This was something that drove countless people nuts!

Ye Yuan slowly opened his eyes, the sword intent in his body bursting out, virtually turning corporeal.

His Sword Dao law went up another new stage, reaching late-stage fifth firmament!

Just as Empyrean Devilfeather surmised, he had been continuously comprehending on the sword previously.

“Congratulations on clearing the Heaven Killing Sword Formation. Now, you shall obtain an empyrean spirit treasure ... Stellar War Banner!”

A beam of light fell from the sky and landed in Ye Yuan’s hand, turning into a small black flag.

The small flag gave off intense undulations, making all of the martial artists’ eyes become heated.

Ye Yuan shook his wrist and the small flag immediately disappeared.

Following that, he slowly walked towards the transmission array.

Light flashed, Ye Yuan’s figure appeared on the other end of the Heaven Killing Sword Formation.

Swoosh!

Straight away, an afterimage barged into the Heaven Killing Sword Formation.

When everyone reacted to it, it was already too late, each and everyone extremely remorseful and angry.

“Damn it, got beat to it by that guy!” A few True God powerhouses stomped their feet.

Ye Yuan already made it through the Heaven Killing Sword Formation and entered the other side of the sword formation.

Now, whoever successfully clears the formation first, would have hopes of snatching an empyrean spirit treasure.

At such a crucial time, it was naturally the earlier one went over, the better.

And the first person to challenge the formation was precisely Ji Xun.

The grand array was already activated. The first three rounds were nothing to him at all.

The moment Ye Yuan’s figure appeared, the atmosphere on the other end of the grand array immediately changed.

“Xu Xing, I’ve tried this grand array out. It’s merely thus. You don’t even dare to challenge the seventh level, truly weak!” Ye Yuan did not seem to feel the change in atmosphere at all, looking at Xu Xing as he said with a smile that was not a smile.

Xu Xing’s expression turned stiff. Recalling the big talk that he said previously, he wished to find a hole in the ground to tunnel into.

Ye Yuan challenging this Heaven Killing Sword Formation crushed him until he was badly battered all over!

Xu Xing could not figure out just how Ye Yuan made it through.

At this time, Xu Xing suddenly felt his shoulder being patted twice by someone. Turning around to take a look, who was it if not Ji Kang?

Suddenly, he came to his senses.

So what if Ye Yuan cleared the Heaven Killing Sword Formation?

A man’s wealth was his own ruin by causing another’s greed!

Ye Yuan became everyone’s public enemy by obtaining the empyrean spirit treasure.

He swept a glance over and discovered that everyone was staring at Ye Yuan like hungry wolves.

“Heh, so what? Facing imminent death, you still have the energy to mess with me right now.” Xu Xing said with a sneer.

Ji Kang looked at Ye Yuan and said coolly, “Hand over the empyrean spirit treasure and I can make it painless for you.”

“Ji Kang, you want to pocket the empyrean spirit treasure alone?”

At this time, several more late-stage True God Realm powerhouses closed in, their expressions unfriendly.

Ji Kang’s expression was calm as he said coolly, “The few of you dare to go against my Vast Heaven Great Imperial Capital?”

A True God Realm powerhouse said, “Hahaha ... Ji Kang, are you telling a joke? Inside a mystic realm, you’re using imperial great imperial capital to scare us? As long as we obtain the empyrean spirit treasure, who dare say that we can’t break through to the Empyrean Realm? At that time, who would mind your Vast Heaven Great Imperial Capital?”

Facing an empyrean spirit treasure, no one could maintain composure.

Ji Kang’s brows furrowed and he said with a cold snort, “Just the likes of you few also want to snatch the empyrean spirit treasure from me? Didn’t you all discover that after passing the Heaven Killing Sword Formation, the realm suppression is no longer there?”

Bang!

On Ji Kang’s body, terrifying world power suddenly bloomed, making the faces of the group of True God powerhouses change.

Ninth Firmament True God!

This was a real Ninth Firmament True God! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This Heaven Killing Sword Formation was a watershed. Clearing the sword formation, it seemed that everything returned to normal.

Recovering his true strength, Ji Kang’s advantage became too great.

These True God powerhouses, even Eighth Firmament True God, were not his match either.

That True God Realm powerhouse previously continued shouting, “We have so many of us, scared of him for what? He’s Ninth Firmament True God Realm, not an Empyrean Realm powerhouse either. If we join hands, he might not be our match!”

Ji Kang’s gaze was scorching. Looking at the few True God powerhouses under Vast Heaven Great Imperial Capital’s command, he said, “What about you guys? Are you going to deal with me together with them as well?”

Those few people exchanged glances, all hesitating.

Their current identities were very awkward.

To say that they were not moved by the empyrean spirit treasure, that was false.

But, once they took action, then there was no more path of retreat.

Bang!

Right at this time, another terrifying burst of world power suddenly erupted, and could actually contend with Ji Kang’s aura!

Another Ninth Firmament True God!

That Ninth Firmament True God said, “Heh heh, Ji Kang, it’s true that you’re from the Vast Heaven Great Imperial Capital, but you’re merely a Ninth Firmament True God. What right do you have to make them all withdraw? Empyrean spirit treasures are obtained by the fated. Your Vast Heaven Great Imperial Capital is also too overbearing, right?”

On Ji Kang’s face, a visible change in countenance finally appeared.

“Yang Yidao! Turns out that you concealed your strength!” Ji Kang’s pupils constricted as he said.

The others were all extremely surprised. This Yang Yidao was a powerhouse among itinerant cultivators and had always appeared in front of people as a Seventh Firmament True God.

But now, he actually directly reached the Ninth Firmament True God Realm!

Clearly, he concealed his strength, deceiving everyone’s eyes and ears.

Yang Yidao smiled smugly and said, “Ji Kang, now, does this Yang have the qualifications to vie with you over this empyrean spirit treasure?”

Finished talking, he turned to Ye Yuan and said, “Boy, your talent is very good. Dying here is too pitiful. Hand the empyrean spirit treasure over to me, and I’ll guarantee your life!”

Ji Kang’s gaze turned sharp and he said, “Ye Yuan, as long as you hand the empyrean spirit treasure to me, I’ll bring you into Vast Heaven Great Imperial Capital and groom you seriously! With your talent, you can definitely astound the world in the future!”

Ye Yuan’s talent, everyone saw it with their own eyes, this could not be faked.

In their hearts, they had actually long acknowledged Ye Yuan.

It was just that under this kind of circumstances, a man’s heart was incomprehensible, what use was there even if one’s talent was any higher?

That Eighth Firmament True God powerhouse previously said, “Humph! Is Ninth Firmament True God very impressive? The bullshit that the two of you said is like farting, really take Ye Yuan to be a fool? Ye Yuan, hand the empyrean spirit treasure to me, with the few of us joining hands, we’ll guarantee your life! I, Zuo Pan, am absolutely a man of my word and can swear a Heavenly Dao Oath!”

For a moment, these three major powers did not give way in the slightest, all coercing Ye Yuan to hand over the empyrean spirit treasure.

The Ye Yuan who had been silent all along suddenly laughed.

“I say, are you guys thinking too much? When did I say that I was going to hand the empyrean spirit treasure over to you guys?” Ye Yuan’s words were full of ridicule.