Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1874: Tang Yan

Ye Yuan’s mocking voice spread to the surroundings, sounding incomparably arrogant.

But currently, no one felt that he was arrogant at all.

Ye Yuan who was wielding the Stellar War Banner absolutely had the qualifications to show contempt for these few mighty peak True God powerhouses!

Rather, it was the Xu Xing in the distance who was currently already frightened until his complexion was pale.

Coming along the way, he completely looked down on Ye Yuan.

All the way until Ye Yuan cleared the Heaven Killing Sword Formation, he finally saw Ye Yuan’s terrifying potential and strength.

At that time, he already viewed Ye Yuan as a formidable foe.

But now, he was afraid!

Ye Yuan who possessed the Stellar War Banner actually fought to a draw with Ji Kang, Yang Yidao, and the rest.

Killing him was merely a matter of moving his fingertips.

Ye Yuan surveyed the four directions, waved the Stellar War Banner in his hand, and said with a grin, “The Stellar War Banner is right here. If anyone wants it, you’re welcome to come and get it.”

At this time, who still dared to come and snatch the Stellar War Banner?

Unless they were tired of living.

Ji Kang and the rest all had grim faces, feeling greatly disgraced.

Two Ninth Firmament True Gods and an Eighth Firmament True God joined hands and could actually only fight to a draw with a Third Firmament Celestial Deity.

This was simply a comical outcome.

But they knew that Ye Yuan indeed had the qualifications to possess the empyrean spirit treasure!

“Humph! Let’s go!” Ji Kang gave a cold snort and brought everyone towards the next mountain peak.

The empyrean spirit treasures here were definitely not just one. Since Ye Yuan’s strength was so formidable, fighting to the bitter end here was clearly not wise.

When Ji Kang and the rest left, Yang Yidao and the rest also left one by one.

With all these heavyweights leaving, the others who dared to provoke Ye Yuan even just slightly also left.

Inside the Heaven Killing Sword Formation, Ji Xun was still clearing the rounds.

Ye Yuan found a place himself and started meditating.

Previously, he gleaned considerable gains inside the Heaven Killing Sword Formation, making his Sword Dao law improve greatly, already reaching late-stage fifth firmament. He had to comprehend things properly.

The situation was good for him, Leng Qiuling and Gu Tianque still had not cleared the challenge, so he could just leisurely wait.

But right at this time, a young man suddenly came before Ye Yuan.

Ye Yuan slowly opened his eyes and said with a frown, “Is there something?”

“Huhu, nothing. It’s just that I see Brother Ye’s strength is astonishing and want to come and get acquainted. I’m Tang Yan, an itinerant cultivator,” the young man said with cupped fists.

Ye Yuan had some impression of this Tang Yan. Previously, when challenging the Heaven Killing Sword Formation, he passed the first three rounds rather easily. At that time, it even surprised Ye Yuan.

However, he did not choose to continue challenging but directly came over through the transmission array.

Although this Tang Yan was an itinerant cultivator, his strength was definitely rather uncommon.

It was just that he was different from Xu Xing and Zhuo Han. He was very low-profile.

“So, it’s Brother Tang. Nice to meet you!”

Ye Yuan had always returned tenfold when others showed him respect.

This Tang Yan greeted with a smiling face and was very humble, so Ye Yuan naturally would not refuse.

Tang Yan smiled and said, “Actually, in the Door of Vermilion Bird, I already saw Brother Ye take action. At that time, it really gave me a fright! To be able to fuse Sword Dao law and spatial law to such a degree, this Tang has rarely seen it in my life!”

Ye Yuan said, “You’re too kind. Brother Tang’s strength is likely not as simple as it seems either, right?”

Tang Yan smiled bitterly when he heard that and said, “Heh, this Tang feels like I have some ability when I examine my own conscience, but compared to Brother Ye, it’s far from it. Not afraid of Brother Ye laughing, this Tang was also brimming with confidence before coming. But now, it’s difficult to dismount a tiger after getting on its back. I’m an itinerant cultivator without anyone to depend on. I wonder if ... I can follow Brother Ye? Being a follower is also good.”

Tang Yan said it euphemistically, but actually, putting it bluntly, he wanted to find a backer.

The fight now was no longer what he could take part in.

Many itinerant cultivators were all harboring the idea of fishing in muddled waters before coming in.

After all, True God powerhouses must be suppressed to Celestial Deity Realm too.

But now, everyone recovered their strength. They all, these Celestial Deity Realm powerhouses, became awkward.

Could not leave if they wanted to, also could not enter if they wanted to.

Although Ye Yuan was a Celestial Deity Realm too, right now, no one would regard him as a Celestial Deity Realm.

Tang Yan coming to find him to be his backer was quite normal.

Ye Yuan looked at Tang Yan with a scorching look, wanting to see something from his eyes.

But, Tang Yan had an honest look, his eyes very calm, unable to see anything at all.

“Huhu, the mystic realm at the back will likely be even more terrifying than this Heaven Killing Sword Formation. This Ye even has difficulties protecting myself, let alone talk about protecting Brother Tang. Apologies,” Ye Yuan said and cupped his fists.

Musing for a moment, Ye Yuan still rejected it.

He was not some rookie who just made his debut in the world. The logic of a man’s heart was incomprehensible, he still understood it.

Those who entered the Immortal Grove World, which one did not do it for the treasures here?

There were so many people on this trip, who Ye Yuan could trust was also just a Leng Qiuling.

Even Gu Tianque, he would not be completely reassured too.

Now, a stranger requested to be brought along, how could he possibly set his mind at ease and bring him by his side?

Actually, what Ye Yuan was most worried about was not Ji Kang these people.

Making use of the Stellar War Banner was just for the sake of providing a cover. Ye Yuan could sufficiently deal with Ji Kang and the rest by utilizing the power of Heavenly Dao.

What Ye Yuan was really worried about was Empyrean powerhouses!

The words that he said to Fang Tian and the rest also stemmed from precisely this!

Saying that Ye Yuan was invincible in the Immortal Grove World, that was limited as well.

Right now, the Immortal Grove World recovered quite a bit of primordial energy. But it was still a little too forceful to want to deal with Empyrean powerhouses.

Once Empyrean powerhouses came to blows in the Immortal Grove World, they might very likely fight until this small world fell to pieces.

Although Heavenly Empyrean Immortal Grove was just an Empyrean too, he was not an ordinary Empyrean after all.

He was much stronger than ordinary Empyreans!

Who could guarantee that there were no Empyrean powerhouses who suppressed their realms and quietly sneaked inside?

There was not the slightest flaw on this Tang Yan’s body.

But Ye Yuan felt that no flaw was the biggest flaw!

When he scrutinized Tang Yan, Tang Yan’s performance was too calm.

One had to know, he exhibited the power of peak True God Realm.

A merely Celestial Deity Realm would actually be completely indifferent.

Of course, Ye Yuan did not deny if Tang Yan had a firm mind and remained unmoved.

But he did not want to take the risk.

Tang Yan let out a sigh and said, “It was this Tang who was impetuous. I hope that Brother Ye doesn’t take offense. Farewell!”

Ye Yuan nodded his head and did not say anything.

At this time, light flashed and Ji Xun’s figure appeared.

Swoosh!

Virtually without pausing in the slightest, Ji Xun urged his movement technique to the limit, speeding towards the distance.

Ji Xun only cleared three rounds, the first three rounds were nothing to him.

Inside the array formation, the situation over this side, he saw it all.

So he chose to flee straight away.

Ye Yuan was long waiting for this moment. Laughing coldly, the Stellar War Banner in his hand activated once more.

A terrifying stellar power suddenly erupted, smashing over towards Ji Xun.

Bang! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Ji Xun spewed a mouthful of fresh blood wildly, but his figure swept away even faster!

“Ye Yuan! Our enmity is irreconcilable!”

Far away, came Ji Xun’s angry roar.

But his aura was very unstable. Clearly, he sustained heavy injuries.

Everyone looked at this scene in terror, silent like cicadas in winter.

An exalted Eighth Firmament True God powerhouse, the lord of a city, ran away the moment he saw Ye Yuan.

This situation was also unprecedented.