Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1908: When One Man Attains Dao, His Fowls and Dogs Ascend to Heaven Too

“A very formidable alchemist? Heh, how formidable can you be? Could it be that you can even refine rank six divine pills?” Yu Wenfeng said with a cold smile.

Five-star Alchemy Gods were everywhere in the imperial capital. There were also quite a few formidable ones.

He did not believe how formidable Ye Yuan, a Five-star Alchemy God, could be.

The incident of Lin Changqing causing a great disturbance at Heavenly Eagly happened recently. Ye Yuan came too quickly, the news had not spread to the imperial capital.

Of course, this was also because Wu Tian this inspector was finished off, the transmission of information also slowed down a lot.

If they knew that Ye Yuan directly threw away a Sun Moon Azure Sky Pill, they would definitely cuss Ye Yuan out for being a prodigal son.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Ye Yuan casually threw out three small bottles, flying straight for the three great powerhouses.

The three people caught the small bottles and took a look, pupils constricting.

Following that, they used incomparably shocked gazes to look at Ye Yuan.

Although it was not Sun Moon Azure Sky Pill this kind of heaven-defying medicinal pill, the medicinal pills that Ye Yuan took out were also sufficient to awe them.

After all, what Ye Yuan took out were vast spirit divine pills!

“Brother Jiang, let’s go!”

Finished talking, Ye Yuan turned around and left.

Everyone used baffled gazes to look at those three.

They did not know what kind of medicinal pills could actually make the three great powerhouses have such a loss in composure.

“Father, they are gone!” Yu Jinsong roared angrily.

Smack!

A clear slap echoed out, Yu Jinsong was directly slapped flying.

“Tie this unfilial son up for me and bring back!”

Done talking, his figure moved, disappearing.

Li Kongming and Pavilion Lord Linghua similarly disappeared.

Everyone had dumbfounded looks, completely not knowing what happened.

Three medicinal pills actually made the three great powerhouses’ attitude have such an upheaval transformation.

Everyone knew that Yu Jinsong was Yu Wenfeng’s most precious son. Now, he actually wanted to tie Yu Jinsong up.

This Ye Yuan was truly terrifying.

...

This raiding incident of the Nine Pledge Imperial Capital’s execution ground came to a conclusion just like that.

But Ye Yuan became Nine Pledge’s legend.

A Fifth Firmament Celestial Deity caused a big disturbance in an imperial capital and made a full retreat.

More importantly, the three major factions actually did not have anyone denounce Heavenly Eagle Imperial City.

Before long, another news spread to the three major forces.

Not long ago, an Empyrean powerhouse had once slaughtered his way to Heavenly Eagle Imperial City and in the end, returned in defeat.

There was even a little interlude in-between; Ye Yuan took out a vast spirit Sun Moon Azure Sky Pill! Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

These two news were akin to a bolt out of the blue, shocking the three major factions.

Very soon, a piece of news that made people even more shocked came out of City Lord Manor.

Ye Yuan was appointed as the new Southridge Ten Cities’ patrolling inspector!

Furthermore, Ye Yuan this patrolling inspector did not need to offer tributes to the imperial capital and did not need to report his work to the imperial capital!

Listening neither to orders nor serving!

The moment this order came out, the entire Nine Pledge Imperial Capital was shaken.

This was equivalent to Ye Yuan becoming Southridge Ten Cities’ absolute sovereign, acquiring territory and becoming king.

In reality, the Southridge Ten Cities consisted of just ten very poor imperial cities, merely a single hair from nine oxen for the Nine Pledge Imperial Capital.

But this matter had never happened before in the history of Nine Pledge Imperial Capital.

The moment the news came out, the entire Heavenly Eagle Imperial City rejoiced.

Ye Yuan was originally Heavenly Eagle’s god-like figure. At present, Head Elder becoming the patrolling inspector, their days in the future would get much better.

One had to know, the imperial city’s yearly tributes was a very horrifying sum.

To a barren place like Heavenly Eagle, this was a tremendous burden.

It was also because of this that Heavenly Eagle’s overall strength had not been able to improve all along.

After Ye Yuan took on the post of patrolling inspector, it greatly reduced the tax burden. This was something that made all martial artists indebted. Southridge’s martial artists’ love and support for Ye Yuan reached the peak for some time.

However, there was also an awkward matter.

Following the arrival of Leng Qiuling and the others, the positions of Zuo Shujie and the few of them Celestial Deity powerhouses became awkward.

White Light obtained the White Tiger true blood, his strength advancing at a tremendous pace, already broken through to middle-stage rank five.

Ning Tianping’s strength also already broke through to the Fourth Firmament Celestial Deity Realm.

Leng Qiuling went even more without saying, she refined some more Vermilion Bird true blood and already broke through to late-stage Celestial Deity Realm presently, reaching the Seventh Firmament Celestial Deity Realm.

In contrast, the position of Zuo Shujie, this city lord, appeared awkward.

However, Ye Yuan brought out a large batch of spirit medicines when he came out of the Void spirit. The low-grade spirit medicines that he gave Zuo Shujie they all to consume were naturally not few.

Under Ye Yuan’s assistance, Zuo Shujie and the rest broke through realms one after another.

On this day, Zuo Shujie broke through to the Third Firmament Celestial Deity Realm and immediately came to find Ye Yuan.

“Zuo Shujie thanks Your Excellency! If not for Your Excellency, Shujie probably won’t be able to break through to be a Third Firmament Celestial Deity in this lifetime!” Zuo Shujie prostrated on the ground as he said.

One’s personal affairs, one would be aware. Zuo Shujie knew that his potential had long been exhausted. It was totally impossible to break through to be a Third Firmament Celestial Deity.

But a medicinal pill from Ye Yuan let him gain a new lease on life. Not only did he break through to Third Firmament Celestial Deity Realm, it even stimulated his potential once again.

He sensed that he could still continue comprehending Heavenly Dao now and even break through to the Fourth Firmament Celestial Deity Realm!

This was what he did not dare to think at all prior to this.

And this was also precisely the powerful aspect of void spirit, vast spirit divine pills.

One had to know, a mere rank five divine pill moved even Lin Changqing, this Empyrean powerhouse who came from a Heavenly Emperor Bodhimanda!

Zuo Shujie was clear in his heart that this kind of medicinal pill used on him was simply a wanton waste of God’s good gifts.

Letting those geniuses take it was making the best use of things.

But Ye Yuan gave it to him without the slightest hesitation!

Hence, toward Ye Yuan, Zuo Shujie was still grateful apart from gratefulness.

“What’s Brother Zuo saying? Back then, without your care, there also won’t be today’s Ye Yuan. This trivial matter isn’t worth mentioning. In the future, you will realise this is simply a small matter. Your realm also absolutely won’t stop at Third Firmament Celestial Deity!” Ye Yuan said smilingly.

When Zuo Shujie heard that, he was agitated until he trembled all over.

Yeah, what did this count for to Ye Yuan?

As the saying went: when one man attained Dao, his fowls and dogs ascended to heaven too. It was talking about this, right?

“Thank you, Your Excellency! Your Excellency, this Zuo came today, apart from thanking Your Excellency, I also want to resign from the position of city lord!” Zuo Shujie said.

Presently, Ye Yuan was no different from a local tyrant. The appointment of city lord, he naturally had the final say.

Ye Yuan knew what Zuo Shujie was thinking in his heart and said with a wave of his hand, “Brother Zuo, you don’t need to be like this. You still are the city lord! This position of city lord is also not whoever’s realm is higher can be. The tricks involved, they can’t figure it out in a short while either. This city lord, it’s most suitable for you to be. Brother Zuo, I, this patrolling inspector, was also forced into doing what’s beyond me, there are many things that are too complicated and difficult to unravel. You’re also aware, my ambition doesn’t lie here. These secular affairs, hope that Brother Zuo can share my burden.”

Ye Yuan said it very sincerely, filling Zuo Shujie with fear and trepidation.

He naturally knew Ye Yuan’s ambition. How could a puny little Southridge Ten Cities trap him?

It was just that, looking at it now, Ye Yuan was planning on making this place into his base. This made Zuo Shujie very happy.

“Since Your Excellency said so, then ... this Zuo will thicken my face and continue holding the post!”

The two people were currently talking when Ning Tianping suddenly came in to report. He said, “Your Excellency, there’s a powerhouse outside who says that he’s your disciple and wants to meet you.”