Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1942: Bai Chen Breaks Through!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

“Huhu, does Brother Chen feel that Senior Flutterfeather hope for me to stay or not?” Ye Yuan looked at Chen Chang and answered with a question.

A hint of uncertainty flashed across Chen Chang’s face, and he said, “Yeah, fine talents and beautiful jades, Lord Flutterfeather shouldn’t let you go. But why ...”

“Because he knows that I won’t say, so he naturally won’t open his mouth,” Ye Yuan smiled and said.

Chen Chang was startled, suddenly discovering that he was somewhat meddlesome.

How wise was Empyrean Flutterfeather? He naturally knew that Ye Yuan staying was an immensely good thing to the Myriad Treasure Tower.

But he did not open his mouth all the way until he went into closed-seclusion.

Clearly, Empyrean Flutterfeather had long seen through Ye Yuan, knowing that he would not stay, so he also saved his breath.

Opening his mouth would definitely ask for a rebuff, so why bother?

“Brother Chen, rest assured, even if I don’t stay, I’m also the Alchemy Celestial Pavilion’s elder. My relationship with Myriad Treasure Tower can’t be cut cleanly,” Ye Yuan said with a smile.

...

Returning to Heavenly Eagle, Ye Yuan directly chose to go into closed-seclusion.

He brought back a large pile of spirit medicines from the Lustrous Gold Great Imperial Capital and started to devote himself to researching the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill.

Experiencing a battle with Empyrean Flutterfeather, Ye Yuan had a deeper understanding of Sacred Ancestor High Priest’s inheritance, and his understanding of pill refinement also grew deeper.

Although it did not reach the Ancestor Realm for the time being, his pill refining strength was more than a notch stronger than before.

But even so, wanting to find the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill’s pill formula was absolutely not an easy thing too.

Ye Yuan immersed inside the World Suppressing Stele’s space, deducing the pill formula daily, experimenting non-stop.

On this day, the clouds and wind suddenly changed in the Martial Tower. Countless spiritual energy gathered over here.

The entire city was alarmed!

“Such a large commotion, it seems like there’s someone going to break through!

“No way, right? What realm is he breaking through to, to actually cause such a big commotion? Even breaking through to the Ninth Firmament Celestial Deity Realm also won’t be like this, right?”

“Even the Ninth Firmament Celestial Deity Realm won’t have such a big commotion. Could it be ... the True God Realm?”

...

Below the Martial Tower, the people jumped in fright from their own guesses.

Everyone knew that there was currently only a peak Ninth Firmament Celestial Deity powerhouse in the city.

Even Lord Ye Yuan was also merely at the Eighth Firmament Celestial Deity Realm currently. In but a few days of closed-seclusion, could it be that he was breaking through to the True God Realm?

But thinking about it, everyone also felt that there was nothing impossible.

After all, anything happening to Ye Yuan did not seem to have any peculiarity.

The commotion grew more and more massive. The people increasingly believed that this was breaking through to the True God Realm!

No matter what, Heavenly Eagle Imperial City never had a True God Realm powerhouse be born before,

Bai Tong had always been very low-profile and did not reveal himself outside. So the city still did not know that there was already a Fourth Firmament True God powerhouse holding down the fort.

Now, a True God Realm powerhouse actually appeared, this was an important matter that rocked the whole city!

From today onward, Heavenly Eagle Imperial City would also have a True God Realm holding down the fort.

Finally, the storm passed, a figure slowly walked out of the Martial Tower.

“It’s him! It’s actually him! This ... How is this possible?”

“Isn’t that Lord Ye Yuan’s disciple, Bai Chen? Heard that he refined a celestial deity Dao Fruit, so how can he possibly break through to the True God Realm?”

“Could those all be rumors? How can people who refined celestial deity Dao Fruits possibly break through again?”

...

There were no walls in the world without any cracks. The matter of Bai Chen refining a Dao Fruit was not a secret in Heavenly Eagle Imperial City.

After all, the people who followed Ye Yuan, even the likes of City Lord Zuo Shujie, their strength all advanced by leaps and bounds. Only Bai Chen’s strength never had any change.

In the course of time, this rumor naturally became even more confirmed.

One had to know, Ye Yuan destroyed a vast spirit Sun Moon Azure Sky Pill in front of Lin Changqing back then.

If Bai Chen could break through to the True God Realm, Ye Yuan also would not possibly be so wasteful, right?

But now, this person who refined a Dao Fruit, destined to never break through again in this lifetime, actually broke through!

People thought of many kinds of possibilities and even guessed Leng Qiuling, Ning Tianping, and the rest. The only person they did not think of was Bai Chen.

No one would have thought that Heavenly Eagle’s first True God Realm was actually Bai Chen!

Bai Chen just broke through, so his realm was unstable. The aura of True God Realm on his body could not be concealed no matter what, giving people a soul-stirring feeling.

For an imperial city, the deterrent force of a True God Realm powerhouse was too great.

Everyone looked at the Bai Chen high up in the sky, all worshiping from the bottom of their hearts.

Powerhouses were always respected by people.

Bai Chen looked at the top of the Martial Tower. He could feel the idolizing hearts of the people below.

At this moment, his heart became infinitely grand and heroic!

“AHHH!”

Bai Chen could not hold back and let out a long cry.

All along, the depression and pressure that was piling up in his heart were finally fully released at this moment.

Mockery that was everywhere, disdain that was pervasive, finally dissipated into thin air at this moment!

Bai Chen never dreamed that he would actually have a day where he could really break through to the True God Realm!

Recalling back then, he was still just a puny little Grotto Profound martial artist.

Who could have thought that a thousand years later, he could actually break through to the realm of True God! This was a realm that the powerhouses of the Heavenspan World yearned for in their sleep!

And all this was bestowed by his master!

His master really transformed the rotten into something magical. Even this kind of impossible thing, he accomplished it.

Several figures rose to the air, flying toward Bai Chen.

“Haha, congratulations to Younger Brother Bai for breaking through to the True God Realm in one stroke, really envying us to death! I didn’t expect that His Excellency actually really succeeded!” Ning Tianping clasped his hands and congratulated him.

Ning Tianping had blind faith in Ye Yuan. But regarding this matter, he was still somewhat lacking in confidence.

It was just that he did not expect Ye Yuan really accomplished it.

The Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill could be said to have blazed another era!

From now onward, refining Dao Fruits might become a shortcut of cultivation.

To those martial artists who had already lost all hope, this was a tremendous glad tiding.

The impact of this medicinal pill was too far-reaching. Ning Tianping was unable to imagine it.

White Light, Zuo Shujie, Coldfeather, even Leng Qiuling and the rest of the Celestial Deity Realm powerhouses, all came up to give their felicitations.

Bai Chen responded to them one by one, the gloominess in his heart swept away clean.

...

Inside the secret chamber, Bai Tong sized Ye Yuan up with a strange look.

“Just what kind of freak are you? To actually be able to even figure out a pill formula like the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill! But next, how do you plan on handling this pill formula?” Bai Tong asked.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “For the sake of the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill, I expended considerable effort, I naturally have to use it to earn more. I plan on letting the Myriad Treasure Tower act as my representative to sell the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill and split the profits with them. After all, doing business this kind of thing isn’t what I’m skilled in.”

Bai Tong nodded and said, “That’s for the best! But once this Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill comes into being, most likely, the Heavenspan World’s various major forces will all go crazy for it! You and the Myriad Treasure Tower will be hauling in huge profits this time.”

Ye Yuan was also proud of himself. For this Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill to be able to be developed, he also felt very honored himself.

After all, this medicinal pill was unprecedented!

“Heh heh, I’ve already passed the news to the Myriad Treasure Tower. Before this, I should also break through!”

As he said this, Ye Yuan took out a small bottle.

Inside the bottle was precisely the end spirit Thousand Tribulation Chaos Essence Pill!