Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1943: Roaring Into Existence

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“This is impossible!”

Inside the Alchemy Celestial Pavilion, when several Alchemy Celestial Pavilion elders listened entirely the news that Chen Chang brought, their first reaction was that it was impossible.

“Brother Chen, did you make a mistake? How can there possibly be someone in this world who developed a medicinal pill that lets martial artists who refined Dao Fruits continue cultivating?” Chen Yu said. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

“Yeah, this is also too ludicrous! People who refined Dao Fruits can’t cultivate. This is an iron-clad law. So how can someone possibly break it?” said another elder.

All in all, everyone refused to believe it. This kind of thing was seriously too absurd to the ear.

Chen Chang smiled bitterly and said, “Not hiding from everyone, but when this old man got this news a few days ago, my reaction when I just saw it was exactly the same as yours! But this old man confirmed the intel over and over again. I absolutely didn’t see wrongly. That’s why I convened everyone to discuss it. Furthermore, Lord Ye’s disciple, Bai Chen, already broke through to the True God Realm after consuming the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill.”

Hearing this, everyone’s faces changed abruptly, all falling silent.

A disciple who consumed a Celestial Deity Dao Fruit followed by Ye Yuan’s side. They were aware of it.

Now, he actually broke through to True God Realm?

This news was simply a bolt out of the blue!

The Alchemy Celestial Pavilion elders present were all scheming and farsighted people.

They were naturally clear about it. If the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill was announced to the world, they clearly know how big of a commotion it would cause, and also how massive a profit it would bring to the Myriad Treasure Tower.

In the Heavenspan World, encountering Dao Fruits was indeed an extremely difficult thing.

But that was relative to the extremely massive martial artist population.

Since ancient times, how many powerhouses had fallen and how many powerhouses rose up?

It could not even be counted clearly!

Some Dao Fruits slowly dissipated along with the passage of time.

But some Dao Fruits were obtained and consumed by present powerhouses.

There were even some major factions who preserved many Dao Fruits in their inventory, using it to reward disciples under them who had no hopes of breaking through.

To a Heavenly Emperor Bodhimanda, Celestial Deity Dao Fruits were no big deal. They even had quite a number of True God Dao Fruits.

These Dao Fruits originally did not have much use to Heavenly Emperor Bodhimandas.

But the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill’s appearance would let the value of these Dao Fruits increase several times over.

A disciple who did not reach Divine Lord Realm, as long as they let him swallow a Celestial Deity Dao Fruit, they could let him grow into a peak Celestial Deity powerhouse in a few hundred, even within several dozen years!

This way, how much cultivation time would it save?

“If this matter is real, our Myriad Treasure Tower shall become a major force at the peak of power and influence in the entire Heavenspan World! The function of this rank five divine pill is a little small, but once this Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill is released, the significance is too great. When Lord Ye breaks through to the True God Realm and develops the rank six divine pill, then it will be able to directly groom True God powerhouses! This ... Even thinking about it is frightening!” Chen Yu said with a look of astonishment.

The Celestial Deity Realm was no big deal with Heavenly Emperor factions.

But reaching the True God Realm, that was different.

Even for Heavenly Emperor Bodhimandas, True God Realm powerhouses were also not existences that could be overlooked.

After all, reaching Empyrean this level, those were all powerhouses whose name shook a region already. They were not willing to be subordinate to any Heavenly Emperor powerhouses.

Either they occupied a great imperial capital and crowned themselves as kings or they would become itinerant cultivators, seeking opportunities to climb to the summit of Great Dao.

Being able to nurture a True God Realm within a few hundred to a thousand years, this speed was simply terrifying!

More importantly, he could still continue cultivating in the future.

Saving several tens of thousand years of cultivation time, the chance of stepping into Empyrean would also be much greater!

Chen Chang said, “The implications of this matter are too serious. Lord Flutterfeather is currently in closed-seclusion right now, so we can’t arbitrarily make the decision. My intention is to highlight this matter to Lord Myriad Treasure and let his elderly self make a final decision.”

Chen Yu nodded when he heard that and said, “Indeed, once this matter spreads out, that’s facing the entire Heavenspan World! Our tiny little Alchemy Celestial Pavilion can’t bear this kind of heavy burden.”

...

Inside a remote imperial city’s secret chamber, an old man emitting a rotting scent suddenly snapped open both eyes.

“Hahaha! Truly, heaven doesn’t want me to perish! I really didn’t expect that there’s actually someone capable of refining a miraculous medicinal pill like the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill. Back then, when I swallowed the Dao Fruit, I thought that there wouldn’t be the possibility of cultivating again in this lifetime. I didn’t expect that I could actually still wait it out! With my accumulations, as long as I can cultivate again, I’ll definitely be able to break through to the True God Realm in one stroke! This time, this old man has to buy the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill at all costs!”

When the old man got the news of the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill, his entire person fell into madness.

Very soon, he gave the orders to check all of the imperial city’s reserves and went to the Myriad Treasure Tower to purchase the medicinal pill.

...

Inside an imperial capital, two Celestial Deity Realm youngsters were currently standing opposite each other.

One of them said with a look of shock, “How come you cultivated so quickly? A few days ago, you were clearly just First Firmament Celestial Deity!”

The other person laughed loudly and said, “I swallowed a Celestial Deity Dao Fruit. With my talent, I’ll be able to break through to become a Ninth Firmament Celestial Deity before long! Weren’t you always very cocky, feeling that your cultivation speed is fast?”

When the other party heard that, his alarm and horror became mockery as he said, “Fool, you actually refined a Celestial Deity Dao Fruit in order to surpass me, really foolish! You won’t have the chance to break through to True God Realm in this lifetime anymore!”

“Heh heh, the stupid one is you! My father already bought the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill from the Myriad Treasure Tower. As long as one consumes this divine medicine, they can cultivate all the same after refining a Dao Fruit! But you don’t need to give it any further thought. There’s only this one pill in the entire imperial capital. It was already bought by my father! Hahaha!”

When the other party heard this, he immediately had a stunned face.

...

The network of the Myriad Treasure Tower was indeed very vast. Once the news spread out, the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill immediately swept throughout the entire Heavenspan World like a fierce gale.

The Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill roaring into existence immediately let everyone realize the incredible aspect of this medicinal pill.

The various major forces started snatching Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pills frenziedly.

Furthermore, the medicinal pills were all refined by Ye Yuan. The quality was all extremely high; all were above divine-grade.

Hence, the price of the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pills was set to be extremely high.

But even so, it was still hard to request for a single pill.

One had to know, Ye Yuan was only one person. Even if he refined day and night, it was also impossible to satisfy the entire Heavenspan World’s demand.

Of course, the Myriad Treasure Tower did not plan on satisfying the entire Heavenspan World’s demand either.

The logic of rare commodities being sold at a high price was something they all knew. So how could the Myriad Treasure Tower, these business experts, not know it?

In many places, the price of one Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill was even hiked up to a sky-high price.

Even the prices of some extremely high-quality rank six divine pills could not compare to the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill.

Firstly, the medicinal pills that Ye Yuan refined, the quality was superb. No one else could refine it.

Secondly, one medicinal pill could save thousands, even tens of thousands of years of cultivation time. So who would not be willing to buy one?

How much divine essence stones could be earned in the time saved, and also what realm could be cultivated until?

This matter, as long as one was not a fool, they would know how to calculate it!

Therefore, the Myriad Treasure Tower had its fame soared unprecedentedly in the entire Heavenspan World because of a Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill.