Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1944: Nirvanic Tribulation

Inside the secret chamber, Ye Yuan opened the small bottle lightly.

A medicinal fragrance that gladdened the heart and refreshed the mind instantly filled the entire secret chamber.

“End spirit Thousand Tribulation Chaos Essence Pill ... I reckon that it’s still unable to let me reach the perfect sixth transformation golden body. If I add in the true dragon’s blood, I wonder if I can achieve it or not.”

Ye Yuan did not hesitate either, swallowing the Thousand Tribulation Chaos Essence Pill in one gulp.

When the medicinal pill entered his abdomen, Ye Yuan’s both eyes suddenly went wide, an intense pain spreading throughout his whole body instantly, all the way to the top of his head.

Ye Yuan contorted his face in pain as he muttered to himself, “Indeed well-deserving of being the Thousand Tribulation Chaos Essence Pill, remolding the physical body, nirvanic rebirth!”

Thousand Tribulation Chaos Essence Pill was renowned for the two words, ‘Thousand Tribulation’.

Swallowing this pill was equivalent to suffering a thousand tribulations, overwhelming to the extent where one wished that they were dead.

Even peak five transformation golden body powerhouses also would not dare to swallow this kind of strong medicinal pill without careful consideration.

A momentary slip-up and it was the outcome of perishing, one’s Dao dissipating.

Peak five transformation powerhouses, their fleshy bodies rivaled peak celestial deity mystic treasures. It could be seen how powerful their physical bodies were.

But even so, they might not be able to withstand the medicinal impact of this Thousand Tribulation Chaos Essence Pill too.

This pill was too fierce.

Of course, the medicinal effect was also extremely strong.

And the end spirit divine pill that Ye Yuan consumed was specially prepared for himself by him too.

It was just that even he did not expect that he actually refined an end spirit Thousand Tribulation Chaos Essence Pill.

Cultivation techniques had differences in power. Martial artists in the same realm, the purity of divine essence was different, the power of the martial techniques displayed was also not necessarily the same.

The Nine Transformations Golden Body was similarly like so.

But each transformation of the Nine Transformations Golden Body had a legendary level —- perfect grade!

Nine Transformations Golden Body, each transformation was equivalent to a nirvanic birth.

Rumor had it that when this Nine Transformations Golden Body was created back then, it was a life and death calamity.

Martial artists needed to shatter the physical body and absorb the power of Heavenly Dao to remold their golden body!

This was a very dangerous cultivation method. It was naturally also a cultivation method with tremendous power.

Except, this cultivation method of nine cycles of nirvanic rebirth was too dangerous. The death rate was extremely high.

Furthermore, the higher the number of transformations, the more perilous it got.

Reaching the sixth or seventh transformation, there were basically very few people who could pull through.

As for the eighth transformation, the realm of Heavenly Emperor, those able to reach it were even rarer.

Later on, people gradually found the nine transformations method that did not need a nirvanic rebirth.

This method sought after what was less attractive than the original choice, but could also obtain powerful strength.

It was just that compared to the perfect golden body, it was clearly much worse.

Ye Yuan only obtained this cultivation method from his true dragon memories after breaking through to the fifth transformation too.

‘True Dragon Dharma Body’ this cultivation method was the dragon race’s supreme cultivation method. It was just that the perfect golden body’s cultivation method was not mentioned in the method previously[1].

It was only comprehended after Ye Yuan reached the fifth transformation.

“Ye Yuan, you have to think clearly. Your disciples hid this cultivation method because they were afraid that future generations of disciples lose their lives from cultivating carelessly. Furthermore, you never tempered before a perfect golden body before the fifth transformation. This sixth transformation, you’ll have to transcend the previous five tribulations one after another at the same time!” Dustless urged.

Ye Yuan broke out in cold sweat. Gritting his teeth, he said, “Great Dao is difficult! If one doesn’t even have a heart that seeks Dao, why talk about climbing to the summit?”

Finished saying, Ye Yuan took out the jade bottle and poured all of the true dragon’s blood into his mouth.

Bang!

The berserk to the extreme energy instantly exploded within Ye Yuan’s body.

The Thousand Tribulation Chaos Essence Pill and Thousand Tribulation Chaos Essence Pill’s horrifying energy mixed together, practically about to burst Ye Yuan’s physical body apart.

Ye Yuan did not hesitate in the slightest and started circulating according to the perfect golden body technique recorded into the True Dragon Dharma Body.

Ye Yuan kept sucking in cold air from pain and already could not even cry out.

He was revolving the cultivation method with a powerful will.

The Thousand Tribulation Chaos Essence Pill indeed lived up to its reputation.

Ye Yuan felt like he had already died no idea how many times.

Those life and death tribulations experienced in the past appeared so feeble in front of the one this time.

“Ahh! My hand!”

Suddenly, Ye Yuan screamed miserably.

It was only to see the muscles on his hands actually dissipate inch by inch, leaving behind just white bines.

Very soon, Ye Yuan was only left with a golden skeleton, looking incomparably sinister.

Under this kind of agony, Ye Yuan’s divine soul was virtually being torn apart.

If not for the Soul Suppressing Pearl’s power, Ye Yuan would likely have his soul disintegrate already.

Ye Yuan also did not expect that this nirvanic tribulation was actually so terrifying.

Very soon, Ye Yuan’s golden bones also fragmented, turning into a powder state like it was weathered.

Logically speaking, the current Ye Yuan already disappeared without a trace and should not feel pain.

But his pain did not diminish the slightest bit and became stronger instead.

Ye Yuan’s divine soul was very clear, he could feel the medicinal effects of the Thousand Tribulation Chaos Essence Pill starting to take effect.

Each of his bone marrow was being remolded!

No idea how long had passed either, Ye Yuan felt those weathered bones pieced together again, forming into a human-shaped skeleton.

Following that, flesh and blood started growing on the skeleton.

A living Ye Yuan reappeared.

Ye Yuan sucked in a deep breath, his entire person feeling like he already died once.

“Huuu ... this is nirvanic tribulation? It’s also too frightening!” Ye Yuan wiped the cold sweat on his forehead and said with lingering fear in his heart.

But Ye Yuan could feel that his physical body was indeed much stronger than before.

Suddenly, Ye Yuan’s face changed. An even more intense pain rushed over as raging as tidal water.

His physical body dissipated once more!

Ye Yuan knew that the second nirvanic tribulation was about to start!

Ye Yuan was clear that he still had to go through it five more times at the back.

Furthermore, each one was more painful than the last, and each more dangerous than the last.

...

Just as Ye Yuan was walking along the borders of life and death, as long as several years already passed in the outside world.

Before closed-seclusion, Ye Yuan concentrated on refining a batch of Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pills, then washed his hands off it.

On this day, above Heavenly Eagle Imperial City’s sky, a horrifying aura suddenly descended.

In the city, Bai Chen’s expression changed, immediately flying up to meet that aura.

“Who is your esteemed self? I wonder what you came to my Heavenly Eagle Imperial City for?”

This person in front of him had black gas revolving around, the evil energy on his body extremely heavy. Furthermore, his aura was not weak, Bai Chen did not dare to slight him.

“You’re that kid who ate the Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill and broke through to True God Realm, right? I didn’t expect that the rumors were actually true. People who swallowed Dao Fruits can actually really cultivate further!” The person in black sized Bai Chen up and clicked his tongue in wonder.

Bai Chen was startled inwardly and said with a frown, “I don’t understand what you’re talking about! We’re just a tiny little imperial city. Where is there any Soul Driving Dao Fusion Pill?”

Ye Yuan collaborating with the Myriad Treasure Tower, they only said to the outside world that this medicinal pill was refined by the Myriad Treasure Tower.

Heavenly Eagle was merely a tiny little imperial city, it had no ability to protect the pill formula at all.

Once observant and conscientious people cast covetous eyes on it, it naturally could not avoid trouble.

It was just that Bai Chen did not expect that this person in black actually still came!

The man in black chuckled and said, “Kid, stop pretending. Our Deathsoul Gate got the intel that this medicinal pill is refined by a punk called Ye Yuan. That punk should be your master, right? Call him out! Otherwise, don’t blame me for going on a killing spree!” Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

[1] Not sure if this is a different method from Heavenly Dragon Dharma Body, or author remembered wrongly and keyed in the wrong name.