Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1948: Kicking a Metal Plate

The explosive power in that instant just now made the few Second Firmament True Gods feel their hearts palpitate.

Furthermore, Ye Yuan did not employ any martial technique, erupting with power that was based fully on the power of the fleshy body.

Such powerful fleshy body power, apart from the perfect sixth transformation golden body, Lu Xin could not think of a second possibility at all.

Ye Yuan looked at Lu Xin and said coolly, “At least you have some knowledge.”

Even if they were mentally prepared, Lu Xin and the rest were still stunned by this answer.

Lu Xin revealed a look of great shock and said, “How is that possible? Disregarding that the requirement of the perfect sixth transformation on resources is harsh, even the Nirvanic Tribulation of the perfect sixth transformation golden body, not one in a hundred might be able to tide it over too. How did you do it?”

Perfect golden body, each additional transformation, the nirvanic tribulation that needed to be faced was even more horrifying!

Even among a hundred perfect fifth transformation golden body martial artists, there might also not be one capable of enduring it.

Deducing it like this, to be able to endure from perfect first transformation to perfect sixth transformation, even among 10 million body cultivators, there might not be one person who succeeds too. It could be seen how rare it was.

The anguish of the perfect sixth transformation nirvanic tribulation, ordinary people could not imagine it at all.

Those able to reach a perfect sixth transformation golden body could also be counted on one hand in the entire Heavenspan World. It could be imagined how shocked Lu Xin was currently.

Even in his dreams, he also would not have thought that Ye Yuan was actually such a terrifying body cultivator.

Ye Yuan naturally knew how terrifying this nirvanic tribulation was. But he pulled through.

“Very unfortunately, I’m that one,” Ye Yuan said very calmly.

The expression on Lu Xin’s face gradually became solemn. He said to the four people in a solemn voice, “The four of you attack together and use combined attacks. Make sure not to underestimate him! If it can’t be done, leaving first will be the best choice.”

When Xu Mao four people heard that, they had solemn looks on their faces too.

They originally thought that it was catching a turtle in a jar. They did not expect that it was going to be troublesome.

Ye Yuan’s light punch already clearly showed how strong his perfect sixth transformation was.

Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh!

Xu Mao four people’s actions were extremely fast, each standing in position. The imposing momentum immediately became subtle.

Ye Yuan’s gaze turned intent and also could not help becoming cautious.

These four people just getting into position already became a unified entity. Once they unleashed an attack, the power would likely be extraordinary.

It was true that his perfect sixth transformation was formidable, but it was not invincible.

A Second Firmament True God was far stronger than A First Firmament True God in the first place.

If not for this, Ye Yuan’s punch previously would have long eradicated that assassin.

But the other party only suffered some injuries. It did not have a huge impact on the battle.

The disparity between Second Firmament and First Firmament True Gods was clear at a glance.

True God Realm powerhouses were not some random Tom, Dick, or Harry. Martial artists able to break through to the True God Realm, each one of them was a genius among geniuses.

That punch of Ye Yuan’s before was merely just a probe.

Whoosh!

Suddenly, Xu Mao moved!

A sword move, swift like lightning.

Ye Yuan’s gaze turned dark and pointed a finger out. He was actually relying on his fleshy body to meet a true god mystic treasure!

Clank!

A clear metal clashing sound came over. Xu Mao seemed to have been struck by a tremendous force, falling back.

Ye Yuan was just about to chase after when another sword stabbed over.

This sword was extremely sharp, piercing straight for Ye Yuan’s lower ribs.

Although Ye Yuan’s fleshy body was powerful, he was not really impervious to swords and spears.

Second Firmament True God coupled with the power of joint attacks was already sufficient to hurt him.

Being forced to, Ye Yuan could only temporarily avoid the sharp edge.

The four people’s cooperation was extremely tacit. Ye Yuan was actually unable to get away for some time under the four people’s pincer attacks.

Hence, the five people became tangled in battle just like that.

At this time, with the Traceless Spatial Lock activating, everyone could only return to the basic, relying on movement technique to move, unable to traverse the void.

But Ye Yuan only relied on that explosive power and did not suffer the least bit of loss in movement.

By the side, when Lu Xin saw this scene, he was shocked speechless.

“With the four of them displaying Nightmare One Heart, even when dealing with a Third Firmament True God, they can also persist for the time it takes to brew a pot of tea. But now, they actually can’t do anything to him?”

One had to know, Second Firmament True God basically did not have any strength to fight back in front of Third Firmament True Gods.

But Xu Mao four people’s joint attacks could persist for the time it took to brew a pot of tea and not be defeated. This was already very incredible.

Ye Yuan had just entered the sixth transformation, calculating it, he was also merely a First Firmament True God. He was actually evenly-matched with the four people.

A perfect golden body had always been an existence of the legends, Lu Xin had never seen before too.

He did not expect that perfect sixth transformation was actually so terrifying.

At this time, the Bai Tong by the side opened his mouth and said nonchalantly, “Don’t look anymore, it’s our turn.”

Lu Xin’s face sunk, sneering coldly as he said, “Reckless and blind thing! Since you’re courting death yourself, then I’ll send you off!’

“Exterminating Traceless Sword!”

Lu Xin’s figure suddenly disappeared from where he was as if he shuttled into the void.

But space was currently being locked.

Bai Tong had a composed face. A fan appeared in his hand at no idea when and he pointed out the fan with a backhand.

Clank! Clank! Clank!

In a blink of an eye, the two people exchanged several dozen blows.

Whoosh!

Lu Xin’s figure appeared once more. He stared at the sword in his hand, his expression ugly to the extreme.

His sword was a middle-grade true god mystic treasure. Currently, on the sword body, numerous fine chips actually appeared on it.

“E-Empyrean spirit treasure! You actually have an empyrean spirit treasure!” Lu Xin gritted his teeth, expression ugly to the extreme.

Even though Bai Tong was unable to unleash the full power of the fan, Lu Xin was incomparably certain that this fan was absolutely an empyrean spirit treasure!

A Fourth Firmament True God actually owned an empyrean spirit treasure?

Furthermore, just those few exchanges earlier, Lu Xin was already totally certain that the law comprehension of this person in front of him was unfathomable. He was not a match at all!

Lu Xin was also a fearsome existence in the Deathsoul Gate. There were even quite a few Fourth Firmament True Gods who died at his hands.

But now, he was actually powerless to do anything to a Fourth Firmament True God. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

This person in front of him was powerful to the point there were no chinks in his armor to exploit.

Lu Xin suddenly discovered that this Heavenly Eagle Imperial City’s waters were simply too deep!

Before he came, he felt that Lord Shadowwind made too big of a fuss over a minor issue.

But now, he felt that Lord Shadowwind underestimated Ye Yuan too much!

This kid was simply an enigmatic existence.

Creating a medicinal pill that even the Deathsoul Gate was extremely moved by a perfect sixth transformation golden body. There was even a Fourth Firmament True God who possessed an empyrean spirit treasure following by his side!

How was this an imperial city?

This foundation was already sufficient to become an imperial capital!

Who could have thought that in a tiny little Heavenly Eagle Imperial City, there were actually such undiscovered talents who remained in concealment?

Roar!

Right at this time, a dragon roar shot to the sky.

A horrifying energy undulation spread out from Ye Yuan’s body.

Lu Xin looked over, his pupils constricting.

Only to see that the current Ye Yuan was overflowing with vigor as if he was a roaring enormous dragon.

Those four people were holding out bitterly under Ye Yuan’s tremendous strength and were already almost crumbling.

Ye Yuan finally used the Universe Dragon Claw!

Under the augmentation of the perfect sixth transformation golden body, the power of this move strengthened more than several times.

Each punch that Ye Yuan slammed out practically had the offensive power of a peak Second Firmament True God.

That horrifying strength was virtually punching through space.

Lu Xin’s heart sunk to rock-bottom. He knew that they kicked a metal plate this time!