Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1951: All Called Back

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Puhwark!”

The moment Ye Yuan’s voice faded, he immediately spewed out a large mouthful of blood mist.

The qi and blood flow of the human body naturally had their rules.

Stabbing the acupoints with a golden needle, causing the vital energy and blood to flow in reverse, was equivalent to forcefully reversing the directional flow of the qi and blood within the body. The burden it caused on the body was virtually unimaginable.

During the period where one’s qi and blood flowed in reverse, it could give the person who used the needle a short-term boost in strength. Then afterward, what awaited would be death from deficiency of vital energy and blood!

Ye Yuan using this kind of means was equivalent to using a method that killed 3000 of the enemy at the cost of losing 3000 of his own, the consequences too disastrous to imagine.

Xu Mao looked at Ye Yuan, his expression extremely ugly as he said, “You ... You lunatic, you don’t want your life anymore?”

Y smiled coldly and said, “Relax, it won’t take my life! A perfect sixth transformation golden body is even stronger than you imagine! Now, you guys can start running away. But ... you have to be faster than me!”

Bang!

Ye Yuan did not hesitate in the slightest and arrived in front of that injured assassin with a teleport.

One exchange struck him flying.

Following that, Ye Yuan pointed his finger and directly crippled his divine sea.

Completely ignoring the other party’s misery, Ye Yuan directly carried him in his hand like holding a chicken, and chased after another person.

The current Ye Yuan was overflowing with vital energy, much stronger than before.

At that time, in the city, these people were already not Ye Yuan’s match; let alone now.

Fresh blood stained his clothes red, with a blood-stained style.

Xu Mao’s expression became extremely ugly. How could he still dare to remain? With his figure moving, he disappeared from where he was.

The other two people were the same as him, it was just that they fled separately.

They only hoped that Ye Yuan would not chase after them.

Ye Yuan just gave a cold laugh, striding out, and caught up to one of the assassins in virtually an instant.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Three punches in a row, each punch heavier than the last.

That assassin only blocked for a moment, then his chest had a large hole slammed into it.

Then, he similarly had his divine sea wasted by Ye Yuan and carried in his hand.

These few people’s actions had long already made Ye Yuan go completely berserk. The current Ye Yuan was attacking in rage, how would he still show any leniency?

The movements of True God powerhouses were exceedingly fast in the end, shuttling through the void, ten thousand miles in an instant.

In this short while, the other two people already disappeared without a trace.

But Ye Yuan had long left divine sense imprints on them. As long as they did not escape out of a certain radius, Ye Yuan could track them down.

When Ye Yuan was at the Sixth Firmament Celestial Deity Realm, the Fourth Firmament True God Yu Wenfeng and the rest already could not match up to him in terms of speed.

Now, Ye Yuan already reached the peak Ninth Firmament Celestial Deity Realm; the speed of his spatial shift was even several times faster. Catching up to two Second Firmament True Gods was naturally nothing difficult.

The reason why he chose to make a move here was that the topography of this place was a spacious open space. Ye Yuan could display spatial shift without restraint.

Ye Yuan took out a rope and strung the two assassins up like dead dogs, dragging them behind him.

Following which, he took a step out and disappeared on the spot once more.

After several dozen breaths, Ye Yuan caught up to another person again and crippled him, tying him up with the other two people onto the same rope.

Now, there was only Xu Mao alone left.

The current Xu Mao was akin to a dog who lost its home, desperately running.

He urged his divine essence to the limits, praying crazily in his heart for Ye Yuan to not come to find him first.

Time slowly trickled by. Sure enough, as he had hoped for, Ye Yuan did not chase after.

Xu Mao let out a slight sigh of relief in his heart. But he still did not dare to ease up in the slightest.

“I can definitely escape! Can definitely escape! He used a reverse-flow art and can’t sustain it for too long. As long as I can hold on until his vital energy is exhausted, I’ll be able to escape!”

Xu Mao was yelling frantically in his heart.

How could the current Xu Mao still dare to think about dealing a counterattack after Ye Yuan’s vital energy was exhausted? He only wanted to escape.

At this very moment, he only hoped that the other two people could slightly delay for a bit more time.

It was just that the results turned out contrary to his expectations.

Roar!

Suddenly, in the void ahead, a dragon roar came from head-on.

Xu Mao’s face changed drastically, hurriedly responding.

But this Universe Dragon Claw move came too suddenly. Furthermore, the power was immense.

Bang!

Intense energy undulations came from the air. Xu Mao’s figure flew out backward, fresh blood spurting wildly.

Ye Yuan’s figure slowly walked out of the void.

He looked toward Xu Mao with a cold face and said calmly, “You ... deserve death!”

Xu Mao had a look of despair on his face. Directly kneeling down in front of Ye Yuan, he wept, “I ... I was wrong! I beg you, let me off!”

“Let you off? Then who will let the Heavenly Eagle Imperial City martial artists who died unjustly off? You rest assured, I won’t kill you right now. I’ll use your dog head to hold a memorial ceremony for the deceased souls that died in Heavenly Eagle!”

As he said, Ye Yuan extended a claw out once more.

Bang!

Xu Mao was directly slammed underground. Ye Yuan directly crippled his divine sea with a flash.

Following that, a cold light flashed.

Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh!

It was only to hear a series of miserable screams like a pig getting slaughtered transmit over. Xu Mao four people’s hand and leg tendons were already severed.

They had their divine seas wasted and their hand and leg tendons severed. Now, they were equivalent to cripples, unable to even stand up.

Finished with these, Ye Yuan spat out a long turbid breath and fell to the ground with a thud, unable to move anymore.

No idea how long had passed either, a figure walked out of the void.

Bai Tong looked at the unconscious Ye Yuan and took a look at Xu Mao who was still wailing on the ground. Heaving a sigh, he said, “What a chivalrous kid! I can’t be compared to you!”

Finished saying, Bai Tong carried Ye Yuan on his back, carrying Xu Mao four people with one hand, and disappearing into the void again.

...

At Nine Pledge Imperial Capital, inside the hidden chamber of the small inn, Shadowwind’s brows knitted tightly together.

He looked at the communication talisman in his hand and muttered to himself, “What a terrific Ye Yuan! Making a trip to Lustrous Gold Great Imperial Capital, he actually brought back quite a number of True God Realm powerhouses! I really didn’t expect that a puny little Heavenly Eagle Imperial City actually has people of such extraordinary talents lying in hiding! Looks like I have to personally make this trip!”

This half a year, Lu Xin had always been keeping in contact with Shadowwind.

Just earlier, he received Lu Xin’s transmission, saying that Ye Yuan brought back quite a few True God Realm martial artists from Lustrous Gold Great Imperial Capital.

Now, the entire City Lord Manor was surrounded by True God Realm powerhouses. Just based on the few of them, it was very hard to charge in and capture Ye Yuan.

Because of this, Shadowwind also felt that it was very troublesome.

“A Sixth Firmament True God, three Fifth Firmament True Gods, looks like ... our Nine Pledge Branch need to attack in full force this time!”

Done talking, Shadowwind kneaded seals with both hands. Streams of black threads traveled into the void.

Half a month later, one black shadow after another dashed into this underground hidden chamber.

These were all the Nine Pledge Branch’s elite assassins. Normally, they lurked in some imperial capitals and great imperial capitals. It was rare to call all of them back. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

But this time, for the sake of capturing Ye Yuan, Shadowwind actually summoned all of them back.

Among these people, the weakest one was a Fourth Firmament True God powerhouse.

The powerful ones even reached the Seventh Firmament True God Realm!

And the Nine Pledge Branch’s branch head, Shadowwind, was an Eighth Firmament True God super powerhouse to begin with.

This line-up was more than sufficient to eliminate an imperial capital too.