Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 198: Ye Hang Makes a Move!

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

"You all! You all! The Imperial Family has always been good to you. Is this how you repay us?"

Nanfeng Ruoqing was so infuriated by these unfeeling wolves that she was shaking. She really did not expect that the Imperial Family’s painstaking efforts in peacetimes were actually unable to withstand this bit of temptation of benefits.

"Eldest Princess, their joining of the alliance is also to strengthen the State of Qin. Why must you be like this?" Wan Donghai said hypocritically.

"Humph! Don’t get cocky, Wan Donghai! Imperial Brother has long made preparations and won’t let your wicked plans succeed! Su Yulin, at this time, are you still going to hide behind and watch the show? Isn’t it also time to jump out?" Nanfeng Ruoqing stared at Su Yulin icily.

But Su Yulin was currently resting with his eyes shut with a completely apathetic appearance as he did not pay attention to Nanfeng Ruoqing.

Wan Donghai faced the guests and said, "Since everyone agreed to join the alliance, it’s now time to offer up a portion of strength for our Great Qin!"

Everyone’s faces froze as they had a bad feeling as if they had boarded a pirate ship!

However, these people were all wily spirits. Since they agreed to join this alliance, they obviously would not be naïve enough to think that they could only enjoy the treatment and did not need to contribute.

The price they had to pay was to have a decisive break from the Nanfeng Family!

"The Nanfeng Family held the imperial position for a long time, but failed to keep forging ahead! Today, our State of Qin is tottering, and about to fall into a crisis. This Wan feels that we should choose another wise ruler to lead our State of Qin onto the road to a powerful nation!" Wan Donghai said loudly in clear voice.

When he finished saying these words, everyone’s gaze looked towards Su Yulin. The wise ruler in Wan Donghai’s words was none other than Su Yulin.

"I feel that Family Head Su has an illustrious reputation and his martial prowess is unparalleled. He can take the place of the Nanfeng Family!" Right then, a Su Family’s devotee opened his mouth to say.

"Nanfeng Family, relinquish your position and abdicate!"

"Family Head Su succeeds the rule!"

Right away, these aristocrats were chiming in together, angering Nanfeng Ruoqing until her lovely body was trembling while Nanfeng Lou’s face turned green! Compared to the other party, the Imperial Family’s momentum over here was clearly much weaker.

Nanfeng Ruoqing suddenly thought of something as she looked towards Ye Hang and son with an unkind face. This father and son pair were too quiet. They had actually yet to make a sound until now!

Before coming, Imperial Brother already made it clear that today, Ye Hang would be standing on the Imperial Family’s side. But until now, there was no movement from Ye Hang at all.

It was fine if there was nothing form Ye Hang, but with Ye Yuan and her relationship, could it be that he was going to watch helplessly as the Imperial Family was overthrown?

Ye Yuan clearly also noticed Nanfeng Ruoqing’s gaze and could not help flashing a smile as he stood up to say in a clear voice, "Isn’t today the Pill Grading Assembly? Manor Lord Wan, why did you make everyone digress from the topic?"

Ye Yuan’s voice was released using essence energy, and it immediately blanketed everyone’s voice.

Seeing that Ye Yuan made his speech, Su Yulin, Yang Hao, and the other’s heart involuntarily shook. They thought to themselves, it’s coming!

What they feared today here were not Nanfeng Lou and niece, but Ye Hang and son pair. Yet until now, these two people had not even said a word! This was very abnormal!

If Ye Hang had given up on the Imperial Family long ago, then he should not have appeared here today. But he arrived, and yet, did not speak nor cause trouble, allowing the Pill Grading Assembly progress until now. This left them somewhat scratching their heads in puzzlement.

Wan Donghai was currently pleased with himself when he heard Ye Yuan’s unharmonious voice and instantaneously felt annoyed.

"Ye Yuan, did you jump out at this time to be a clown? Everyone is already clear on the medicinal pills launched by our Drunken Star Manor. The Pill Grading Assembly also naturally came to a conclusion here," Wan Donghai said with a scornful look.

Ye Yuan came to a state of realization when he heard that. "So, it’s only these few medicinal pills? I thought that it was some kind of incredible grand meet! Just these few trash pills and Manor Lord Wan also dares to take them out to showcase? Seriously unabashed to the limit!"

"Hur hur, listening to the meaning of your words, does the Fragrant Medicine Pavilion have even better medicinal pills than these few types?" Wan Donghai asked in laughter.

He did not believe that Ye Hang had some trump card in his hands. Or else, why would he wait until now? If he left seclusion a few days later, the Fragrant Medicine Pavilion itself would have closed down.

But Ye Yuan just smiled and said nothing. At this time, Ye Hang went forward and said, "The Pill Grading Assembly this time is also a grand meet hard to come by in a decade. Manor Lord Wan exhibited their Drunken Star Manor’s several types of new medicinal pills just now to let us widen our horizons. But curiously enough, our Fragrant Medicine Pavilion also developed several new types of medicinal pills recently. Just in time to borrow this Pill Grading Assembly to let everyone appraise it."

"Hahaha . . . I heard that you were in a retreat for over a month. It wasn’t to develop new medicinal pills, right? I really want to see just what kind of new medicinal pills Pavilion Lord Ye developed in this one month! However, Pavilion Lord Ye’s big talk is already said. In a while, it would not be easy to wind it up!" Wan Donghai said.

Ye Hang said indifferently, "You don’t have to worry about that."

Finishing, Ye Hang surveyed the surroundings and asked, "I wonder if there’s any Essence Qi Realm martial artist present who just happens to be stuck at a bottleneck, about to break through?"

This question from Ye Hang made those aristocrats unable to refrain from exchanging glances.

What was the meaning of this? Could it be that these new medicinal pills developed by Ye Hang could also breakthrough one realm unconditionally?

But finding those martial artists stuck at a bottleneck, this sort of medicinal pill did not seem to have too much of a purpose?

After all, it was not as difficult as imagined for Essence Qi Realm martial artists to breakthrough cultivation realms. As long as they used Essence Qi Pills or Essence Gathering Pills, they could push past the bottleneck no matter what.

A middle-aged man opened his mouth to say, "Pavilion Lord Ye, my son is stuck at the Sixth Level Essence Qi Realm bottleneck. He told me that he’s only short of that last bit, but kept failing to find the opportunity."

This Family Head was surnamed Huang, his name was Huang Hui. His son was called Huang Xuan.

Many of those present brought along their younger generations. Such an occasion had absolutely enormous benefits towards the growth of the younger generations. They obviously would not let go of this chance to educate the juniors.

Huang Hui brought his son in front of Ye Hang and said with clasped hands, "Pavilion Lord Ye wants to test medicinal pills, right? I wonder if my son fulfills this criterion?"

Ye Hang swept a glance over Huang Xuan and said with a smile, "Not bad, 16 years old, peak Sixth Level Essence Qi Realm. Family Head Huang has a worthy successor!"

"Haha, these words from Pavilion Lord Ye overwhelms me! Compared to your family’s Ye Yuan, my son is far too lacking!" Huang Hui said with a smile. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Huang Xuan was also a student of the Dan Wu Academy. Huang Hui had more or less heard his son mention Ye Yuan’s performance in the academy.

Even if he did not hear before, Ye Yuan’s Second Level Spirit Condensation Realm cultivation was also plenty to leave Huang Xuan far behind in the dust!

Ye Hang gave a light smile and did not express any opinion. Ye Yuan’s excellence no longer required other people’s commendations.

"Family Head Huang letting your son test the medicine, aren’t you afraid that this medicinal pill of mine has any side-effects?"

"I believe in Pavilion Lord Ye!" Huang Hui only said this one sentence.

"Alright. Since that’s the case, let your son swallow this medicinal pill, and let us witness the effects."

Ye Hang put his hand out. The medicinal pill held in it was precisely the Explosive Yuan Pill!

Huang Hui reached out to receive it and passed it over to Huang Xuan, saying calmly, "Xuan-er, take it!"

"Yes, Father!" Huang Xuan actually did not have the slightest hesitation. He directly swallowed the Explosive Yuan Pill and started to circulate his powers to refine the medicinal strength.

Several dozen breaths later, an essence energy storm howled inside the great hall once again!