Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1984: Worthless

Zuo Mo’s body seemed to have become a blazing sun, shining with boundless radiance.

That horrifying energy undulation, even the same rank Feng Xiaotian also suddenly changed colors.

The power of this move was extraordinary!

The color on Song Yu’s face changed too. That horrifying power gave him an extremely strong feeling of danger.

His moves suddenly turned intense, wanting to force Feng Xiaotian back and get away from him.

But how could Feng Xiaotian let him get his wish?

Feng Xiaotian urged world power to the limit and latched onto Song Yu firmly, not giving him any chance.

Both parties’ strengths were roughly on par. It was easier said than done to want to get away within a short time.

The imposing momentum on Zuo Mo’s body became stronger and stronger. His entire person even turned into a sun, illuminating the entire wilderness.

At this moment, he was akin to a god.

This kind of big move that needed a long time to accumulate heaven and earth spiritual energy tended to have immense power.

It was just that this kind of move was not practical. In a real battle, who would give you this kind of chance to launch your move?

But now, he was fighting two-on-one with Feng Xiaotian. This created the opportunity for Zuo Mo.

At this very moment, with Zuo Mo as the center, temperature suddenly rose to a horrifying degree. It was as if it was going to burn everything into nothingness.

At this time, Zuo Mo slowly opened both eyes, but he looked in Ye Yuan’s direction and said with a loud laugh, “Ye Yuan, do you feel very powerless? You ... can only watch your companion die helplessly, and you can’t do anything about it! Once this Grand Blazing Sun is unleashed, it’s absolutely invincible in the same rank! Hahaha!”

Horrifying flame power of law reverberated between heaven and earth.

Song Yu’s expression suddenly changed due to the threat of death hitting head-on.

“Thanks for the trouble, Brother Feng. Leave the rest to me!” Zuo Mo said overbearingly.

Feng Xiaotian gave a big laugh and suddenly pulled away from Song Yu.

“Heh, Brother Zuo’s move is impressive!” Feng Xiaotian said.

Zuo Mo smiled proudly, his palm suddenly pushing. That horrifying blazing sun actually hurtled towards Song Yu.

Song Yu wanted to escape, but the surrounding space was already wrapped up by endless flame laws. He seemed to have fallen into a quagmire, being unable to budge an inch at all.

That blazing sun got closer and closer. Song Yu’s complexion turned white as paper.

Having him resign himself to death, that was impossible. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

But due to time constraints, he could only use his strongest sword move. However much he could ward off was the only thing he could do at this moment.

He mustered up all the divine essence in his body, bursting forth in full strength instantly.

“Seven Absolutes Unended Sword!”

Song Yu gave a loud cry and suddenly swung a sword out.

Seeing this scene, Zuo Mo laughed coldly and said with disdain, “Mantis blocking the cart, go and die with peace of mind!”

Although Song Yu’s sword was strong, he was completely unable to mobilize too much heaven and earth spiritual energy in a haste. His move naturally could not compare with the Grand Blazing Sun.

In front of the Grand Blazing Sun, Song Yu executing the Seven Absolutes Unended Sword was like a child brandishing a sword.

Song Yu had a look of despair on his face. He discovered that this sword of his could not shake the Grand Blazing Sun in the least bit at all.

In that instant the Grand Blazing Sun and Seven Absolutes Unended Sword were about to collide, a horrifying to the extreme sword intent approached from afar, arriving in an instant!

Bang!

The earth quaked, mountains swayed.

Even a True God Realm powerhouse like Song Yu also could not stand firmly.

Those bone devils were even scattered flying everywhere by this powerful wave.

Zuo Mo was the first to bear the brunt. It was only to see him spew a mouthful of fresh blood wildly, with his figure flying out backward, directly knocking onto that mountain behind him before stopping.

He looked at the Ye Yuan who walked over from amidst the bone devils pile with a look of astonishment, full of disbelief.

This sword was unleashed by Ye Yuan?

“This ... What’s going on here?”

“What a powerful sword!”

“Ye Yuan unleashed his sword from so far away and actually reached first despite launching later. Not only did it extinguish the Grand Blazing Sun, it even severely wounded Zuo Mo. This ... How is this possible?” Feng Xiaotian similarly looked at that figure with incomparable shock.

This sword releasing, actually directly cleaved out a path from amidst the bone devil stack.

Ye Yuan’s speed was extremely fast and already rushed to the borders of the bone fiend army.

Song Yu had not walked out of the shock of this sword yet, the joy of surviving a calamity had not appeared yet.

This sword move stunned him.

Ye Yuan slowly walked over. Looking at the heavily injured Zuo Mo, he said coldly, “Treating other people’s mercy as weakness, you’re really laughable! Powerless to do anything? Invincible in the same rank? I really don’t know where your confidence came from.”

Zuo Mo’s expression was ugly to the extreme. No one knew whether it was because his injuries were too severe or because of shame.

He was so high and mighty just now, feeling that no one could save Song Yu.

But with a backhand, Ye Yuan gave him a slap.

That sword seemed to have come from beyond the heavens, being powerful to the extreme.

One had to know, in between this sword was still separated by those countless bone devils!

After this sword killed countless bone devils, it could still seriously wound him when it reached here. How great was its power?

How could a Second Firmament True God possibly unleash such a shocking and peerless sword?

His opponent was a Fourth Firmament True God!

In reality, it turned out that Ye Yuan had never been serious at all until now!

Truly laughable!

“Along the way, I was just disdainful to stoop to your levels, but you guys really took yourself to be somebody important. A genius? Geniuses of your level are worthless in front of me! Killing you is as easy as blowing off dust!”

Ye Yuan’s words cut incisively, saying until Zuo Mo did not even dare to breathe loudly.

Indeed, it was as easy as turning over his hand to want to kill Zuo Mo.

But what Zuo Mo did not know was that this sword also virtually drained Ye Yuan’s divine essence dry.

Ye Yuan already comprehended Fifth Firmament spatial law not long ago and created this sword move inside the Death Cultivation Space, called Sword Hollow Etch

The Sixth Firmament that fused spatial law Sword Dao and the Fifth Firmament spatial law, its power was immense.

While the Grand Blazing Sun was powerful, in front of Sword Hollow Etch, it was not worth mentioning at all.

If Ye Yuan displayed this move with Fourth Firmament Origin Pill Realm, 100 Zuo Mo would also die.

It was just that this move’s expenditure was too great. Even with Ye Yuan’s pure divine essence, he could merely use one sword too.

After displaying it, that was really closing one’s eyes and waiting for death.

So unless there was no other alternative, Ye Yuan did not wish to use this sword.

Just now, if not for Zuo Mo pressuring hard, it was also impossible for Ye Yuan to utilize Sword Hollow Etch.

After all, if he relied on two empyrean spirit treasures, slowly breaking through was still achievable.

Ye Yuan’s words made everyone feel ashamed of their unworthiness.

Those able to enter the Ancient God Battlefield, which one was not a proud son of heaven, existences possessing great destinies?

But in front of Ye Yuan, they were nothing!

Genius?

That was just in order to serve as a stepping stone to show Ye Yuan was more gifted!

Song Yu looked at Ye Yuan, a look of surprise on his face.

He suddenly recalled, Jian Hongxiao had once said before in the Virtuous Wind Establishment, the people from the Jian Family who had seen before Ye Yuan’s destiny all went blind.

Hence, no one dared to look and could only speculate that Ye Yuan was emperor surmounting aura.

Looking at it now, the emperor surmounting aura on Zuo Mo and Feng Xiaotian’s bodies simply paled in comparison to Ye Yuan!

Perhaps Ye Yuan’s future accomplishments were not limited to just the realm of Heavenly Emperor.