Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2026: Ancient Formula

Ye Yuan’s brows raised slightly, and he looked at Zheng Qiyuan with a smile that was not a smile as he said, “Didn’t Brother Lumen issue this invitation to me to invite me to come over and discuss together? Why? Can’t I discuss it?”

Zheng Qiyuan could not help choking when he heard that, being asphyxiated by Ye Yuan badly.

At this time, another Empyrean spoke up to rebuke, “Insolence! You, a mere True God Realm, actually dare to call Brother Lumen brother, where’s the sense of propriety?”

The other Empyreans deeply felt that way too, secretly nodding their heads.

A Third Firmament True God addressing a group of Empyreans as brothers, it sounded strange no matter how they listened.

Even if Ye Yuan had a grandmaster token in his hand!

Ye Yuan smiled slightly when he heard that. He knew that this bunch of guys felt displeased in their hearts. But he similarly had nothing to fear and just said coolly, “Brother Flutterfeather and I interact as peers. Furthermore, I have this grandmaster token in my hands, so why can’t I call Brother Lumen? Forget it. If everyone feels that this Ye is a hindrance here, this Ye will leave. This kind of discussion and exchange, forget about it!”

Done talking, Ye Yuan turned around and walked straight for the transmission array.

Zheng Qiyuan’s face could not help changing when he heard that. He was just very displeased looking at Ye Yuan’s arrogant appearance, so he attacked Ye Yuan non-stop.

But if Ye Yuan really left, wouldn’t their carefully arranged scheme be in vain?

They did it in order to nauseate Ye Yuan. Now, it became a problem; it gave Ye Yuan a way out now.

Empyrean Lumen chuckled and hurriedly stopped Ye Yuan, saying, “Wait a minute, Grandmaster Ye! These guys are all feeling psychologically shocked. Honestly speaking, I’m very interested in Grandmaster Ye. Brother Flutterfeather’s eyes are very discerning. For Grandmaster Ye to be able to be valued highly by him, you’re bound to be extraordinary!”

Ye Yuan just sneered coldly in his heart. One was being the bad cop, the other was the good cop?

What a deep scheme!

Except, what did Ye Yuan have to fear?

“It’s not to the extent of being extraordinary, but exchanging a little with everyone, this Ye still has this qualification!” Ye Yuan’s eyes narrowed slightly as he said coolly.

What a conceited brat!

The group of Empyreans also could not resist sucking in a cold breath.

Such an arrogant True God Realm, it was still their first time seeing.

“Haha, that’s of course! People who get the grandmaster token naturally have the qualifications to discuss in-depth with us! Come, come, come, this is your seat, Grandmaster Ye.”

Empyrean Lumen pulled Ye Yuan back again, pressing him on his seat.

This seat was shockingly right beside Empyrean Lumen.

“Everyone, be seated, be seated. Come, Grandmaster Ye. Let me introduce us fellow daoists to you. This Empyrean is Lumen, East Heaven Great Imperial Capital’s Empyrean Windrider’s good friend.” Empyrean Lumen said to Ye Yuan.

Ye Yuan nodded and said, “I pay respects to Brother Lumen.”

Zheng Qiyuan smiled coldly and said, “Brother Lumen is an authentic grandmaster!”

He was afraid of angering Ye Yuan and that he would run away again. But everyone understood the meaning in his words.

Empyrean Lumen was an authentic grandmaster, while Ye Yuan was naturally a fake grandmaster!

Ye Yuan could not be bothered with him, but he was also secretly shocked in his heart.

it turned out that this Empyrean Lumen was actually a possessor of a grandmaster token too. No wonder these people all respected him.

Ye Yuan cupped his fists and said, “Sorry for any disrespect.”

His impression of Empyrean Lumen was not good. This guy clearly plotted this scheme to humiliate him.

Empyrean Lumen chuckled and said, “What grandmaster? This Empyrean just benefited from Brother Windrider’s light, that’s all, it’s not worth mentioning. Rather, it’s Grandmaster Ye who shows great promise at a young age! Back then, hearing that a True God Realm grandmaster will be coming to the Cloudpill Summit this time, this Empyrean got a big shock! Come, come, come! Introduce to you more. This is Empyrean Purplewing, also a good friend of Brother Flutterfeather just like you. His alchemy strength isn’t weaker than mine!”

Ye Yuan looked at Empyrean Purplewing rather surprisedly. He did not expect that they actually met here.

Hearing Lumen’s introduction, the group of Empyreans all looked at Ye Yuan with gloating faces, wanting to see whether this kid would feel embarrassed or not.

Snatched people’s grandmaster token. Now, ran into the real owner, aren’t you embarrassed?

Who knew that Ye Yuan clasped his hands at Empyrean Purplewing very calmly and said with a smile, “I pay respects to Brother Purplewing.”

“Snort!”

Empyrean Purplewing’s brows furrowed, snorting coldly and ignoring Ye Yuan.

Everyone had amazed expression. This kid ... had such thick skin!

Empyrean Lumen introduced one by one, Ye Yuan also greeted one by one.

When he was introduced to Zheng Qiyuan, he finally knew why this guy was targeting him.

It turned out that this guy was the Zheng Family’s ancestor, that Seven-star Alchemy God.

But he took no notice of it. This Zheng Qiyuan’s strength was ranked in the middle and lower levels among this group of people, what threat could he pose to him?

Ye Yuan understood in his heart, Empyrean Lumen’s introduction under this kind of occasion would definitely be according to the ranking in strength.

Zheng Qiyuan’s ranking was very far back, clearly indicating that his strength was not strong.

As for the rest, no one showed him any good attitude either.

You, a True God Realm, were posturing in front of us, a bunch of Empyreans, still want to show you a good attitude?

Ye Yuan had a score in his heart and also could not be bothered to fuss over it.

“Oh, right, we were discussing an ancient formula earlier and just happened to have no clues. Since Grandmaster Ye came, why not talk about your view?” Empyrean Lumen said smilingly.

Ye Yuan nodded his head and said, “Can you let this Ye take a look at this ancient formula?”

Empyrean Lumen nodded and said, “That’s of course!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

As he said, he reached his hand out in front of him and swiped. A light screen appeared in front of Ye Yuan.

“This ancient formula is called Seven Treasure Cloud Wind Pill. There are clear indications of seven core ingredients in the pill formula. But inside this incomplete pill formula, there are only four core ingredients. The other three kinds are unknown. These few days, after we’ve discussed, we’ve confirmed a core ingredient. But there are still two that can’t be confirmed. The various fellow daoists have raised many opinions, but in the end, it was all proven incorrect,” Empyrean Lumen introduced.

Ye Yuan looked at this pill formula and was immediately attracted.

This was an extremely high difficulty rank seven divine pill. Inklings could be seen from the seven core ingredients.

Very soon, Ye Yuan fell into hard thinking.

So many Seven-star Alchemy Gods already discussed for as long as a month and only deduced one core ingredient. Clearly, gathering seven of them was not that easy.

Even if it was Ye Yuan, it also could not be deduced in a short while.

As for rank seven spirit medicines, Ye Yuan had long already started researching.

He had the Sacred Ancestor’s inheritance in his brain, rank seven spirit medicines were naturally nothing difficult.

Seeing Ye Yuan’s appearance, the group of Empyrean’s faces was full of disdain.

Zheng Qiyuan had a fake smile as he said, “Pretty good at putting up an appearance, it’s just that we don’t know how much capability you have! This is a level seven difficulty rank seven divine pill. I even suspect whether he can understand the pill formula or not!”

Empyrean Purplewing also responded with a sneer, saying, “This seat has already researched for more than a month and swapped out several hundred types of rank seven spirit medicines. But there was nothing gleaned. Even if he has some capability, he can forget about perceiving anything within half a month.”

At this time, another Empyrean smiled and said, “Even if he can really understand it, I’m afraid the suggestions he proposed, we’d have long already discussed them before. In my view, we’d best continue discussing, see what tricks he can come up with.”