Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2033: You’re too weak!

“It’s Empyrean Chaoyuan! My God, his strength is absolutely grandmaster-level. He actually took action as well!”

“Empyrean Chaoyuan has always been a maverick, so no holy land’s master invited him to hold the post of grandmaster. But his strength isn’t at all inferior to the grandmasters that were invited!”

“Ye Yuan bit off more than he could chew with this. With everyone at Cloudpill Summit taking action, he likely can’t take part in this Cloudpill Summit anymore!”

...

The moment the old man opened his mouth, there was immediately a series of exclamations below.

Those watching the show gloated over others’ misfortune even more.

Even Empyrean Flutterfeather’s pupils also constricted, looking at Empyrean Chaoyuan in surprise, clearly not expecting that he would make a move.

The strength of grandmasters was also not at the same level.

As the Southern Border’s Alchemy Dao’s number one person, Empyrean Pilljade was an Ancestor Realm peerless powerhouse.

And he was also the one and only Ancestor Realm powerhouse present.

As for the other six holy land’s heads, there were grand completion Dao Realm and also late-stage Dao Realm.

As for the grandmasters who were invited, their strength was a notch weaker.

And the top five ranking powerhouses on the Empyrean seats, their strength was actually not much weaker compared to grandmasters.

Empyrean Purplewing was the representative of a typical example!

He had always taken on the position of grandmaster prior to this Cloudpill Summit.

But even so, he was only ranked second. If so, then Empyrean Chaoyuan who was ranked first place, his strength could be imagined.

With Empyrean Chaoyuan taking on the seat of grandmaster, there absolutely would not be anyone who would object!

From everyone’s reaction, Ye Yuan also saw through that this Empyrean Chaoyuan was not simple.

But, what did he, Ye Yuan, have to fear?

There had never been anyone capable of making him lower his head before in alchemy.

There was not in the past, now, it was also impossible to have!

“Okay, I accept it!” Ye Yuan said coolly.

Empyrean Chaoyuan nodded his head and said coolly, “Seeing a thousand years old grandmaster, this old man is just curious and momentarily itching to have a go, and wants to spar.”

Ye Yuan smiled slightly and said, “Brother Chaoyuan, please give pointers.”

Empyrean Chaoyuan chuckled and said, “I dare not say give pointers. I hope that you don’t disappoint this Empyrean.”

He could tell that this Empyrean Chaoyuan did not deliberately make things difficult for him, he just purely wanted to spar. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This kind of mentality was like when Ye Yuan encountered Empyrean Flutterfeather back then, also finding ways and means to have a contest with him.

At this time, Empyrean Pilljade smiled slightly and said, “Since that’s the case, then this Cloudpill Summit will open with this grandmaster challenge first.”

The final tally was that there were a total of 63 Empyreans challenging Ye Yuan, more than half of the total.

When the audience below heard this figure, each and every one of them sucked in a cold breath.

With so many Seven-star Alchemy Gods challenging a Six-star Alchemy God, this was absolutely a rare spectacle of the entire Heavenspan World.

On the plaza, a ring was constructed.

Everyone’s gazes all gathered on that young profile in the ring.

A middle-aged Empyrean leaped up, his gaze when looking at Ye Yuan was full of contempt.

“Kid, this isn’t a place for you, your seat is there!” This Empyrean pointed at the crowd below and said coolly, “Why don’t you admit defeat now and go back there? I think that everybody won’t make things difficult for you on the account of Brother Flutterfeather’s face.”

Hoots of laughter came from all around, clearly quite approving of his words.

“What Empyrean Longyi said is right. This is a joke, wasting everyone’s time!”

“Empyrean Longyi is a middle-stage Dao Realm alchemy master, immersing in alchemy for hundreds of thousands of years. Dealing with a Six-star Alchemy God is too effortless.”

“Six-star Alchemy God versus Seven-star Alchemy God, I’ve never heard before of anyone who could win.”

...

Although Ye Yuan pledged in all solemnity, saying to challenge all of the Empyreans, there were scanty few who truly felt that he had this strength.

Four-star Alchemy God challenging Five-star Alchemy God, everyone marveled with admiration, praising them as a genius. After all, of the genius alchemists present, many people could do it.

Five-star Alchemy God challenging a Six-star Alchemy God, everyone would feel very surprised. This was already a genius among geniuses.

Hence, when Ning Siyu overpowered the group of geniuses back then, everyone felt incredibly astonished.

But, a Six-star Alchemy God challenging a Seven-star Alchemy God, this was simply rubbish.

Seven-star Alchemy Gods had mostly immersed in alchemy for hundreds of thousands of years, the terror of their strength simply could not be imagined.

A brat who only cultivated for a thousand plus years, what right did he have to challenge Seven-star Alchemy Gods?

However, outside of everyone’s expectations, Ye Yuan looked at the Empyrean Longyi in front of him and said coolly, “You’re too weak! So many people challenging, coming one by one is too troublesome. Why not ... come up five at a time.”

The whole place was silent!

Everyone used eyes like looking at a fool to look at Ye Yuan, feeling that this guy’s arrogance was simply unreasonable.

“Arrogant! Ignorant! Foolish! You, this junior, are simply conceited to the extreme!”

Empyrean Longyi was angered by this one sentence until his nose became crooked.

He was normally a super powerhouse who was revered by people. But today, he was actually slighted by a little brat like this, how could he not be furious?

But Ye Yuan continued coolly and said, “Relax, come five at a time. If I lost, I’ll likewise withdraw from the Cloudpill Summit.”

Empyrean Longyi’s two eyes went wide, nearly spewing out a mouthful of old blood.

He was already unable to use words to describe Ye Yuan’s arrogance. This fellow was simply impervious to reason.

Ye Yuan looked at Empyrean Pilljade and said, “Brother Pilljade, what do you think?”

Empyrean Pilljade was naturally also extremely disdainful in his heart.

Although Empyrean Longyi’s alchemy strength was nothing in his eyes, he was at least a Seven-star Alchemy God whose strength stood out among the masses.

For Ye Yuan to want to fight one-on-five, this was too arrogant.

Empyrean Pilljade looked towards Empyrean Flutterfeather and said, “This Empyrean doesn’t have any objections. What do you think, Brother Flutterfeather?”

Empyrean Flutterfeather nodded slightly and said, “Alright, one by one is indeed wasting time. How about this, the final 13 people change to one-on-one, the rest will all be one-on-five.”

Empyrean Flutterfeather’s words made everyone stare wide-eyed and tongue-tied. Empyrean Pilljade was stunned by it.

Was this deliberately striking Ye Yuan down, or that he was too confident in Ye Yuan?

No one would have thought that Ye Yuan’s faithful ally would agree so readily.

“Alright, then it’s settled,” Pilljade nodded his head and said.

Five Empyreans stood in the ring, feeling an unprecedented humiliation.

Each one of them was practically about to spew fire, planning on venting their stomach full of rage onto Ye Yuan.

An Empyrean gnashed his teeth in hatred and said, “Kid, you’ll know what’s called despair!”

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “Begin then, there are still many people waiting!”

That Empyrean’s expression choked, nearly spewing out a mouthful of old blood.

“Fellow Daoists, I didn’t expect that we’d also have a day where we’ll be looked down upon. Then today, let’s let this junior see our prowess!” Empyrean Longyi said with a cold smile.

The few people nodded slightly. The moment they released their auras, Alchemy Dao aura crushed over toward Ye Yuan crazily.

Seven-star Alchemy Gods taking action, the power was naturally extraordinary.

Five auras were akin to five fierce tigers, wishing to shred Ye Yuan alive.

“Is this Seven-star Alchemy Gods? Indeed powerful!”

“Heh, I want to see what right he, Ye Yuan, has to dare be so arrogant.”

“The few great Empyreans are all enraged, Ye Yuan will have to lose a layer of skin this time even if he doesn’t die!”