Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2036: Lending Cauldron

“Tsk tsk, really as arrogant as before! It’s just don’t know if he has the strength to continue to be conceited or not,” Empyrean Wenlan said with a faint smile.

The alchemy battles previously were all appetizers.

There was no comparison at all between late-stage Dao Realm and middle-stage Dao Realm powerhouses.

Now, reaching Empyrean Proudcloud this watershed, it was the time to showcase one’s true abilities.

Empyrean Daogan said coolly, “A thousand over years old late-stage Dao Realm, this boy can be sufficiently proud. It’s just that after reaching late-stage Dao Realm, it gets increasingly harder. No matter how great his talent is, this is also the limit.”

The other Empyreans secretly nodded their heads when they heard this.

They understood the difficulty of advancing even more after they reached the late-stage Dao Realm.

As for Ye Yuan walking to this step, they were indeed incomparably surprised. But to talk about going a step further and defeating late-stage Dao Realms, they did not believe it no matter what.

Empyrean Proudcloud had a grim expression as he said with a cold smile, “Then let this Empyrean have a crack at you! Illusory Truth Cauldron, open!”

In an instant, the aura of Dao spread out, everyone marveled in admiration one after another.

“This ... is an empyrean spirit treasure!”

“Looks like Empyrean Proudcloud means business!”

“This isn’t fair! Empyrean spirit treasure versus celestial deity mystic treasure, this is too unfair!”

...

The current Ye Yuan already gained a group of supporters.

When they saw Empyrean Proudcloud using an empyrean spirit treasure, they were immediately unhappy.

What the current Ye Yuan was using was still the Xuanlong Cauldron that Empyrean Flutterfeather gave to him. It was a pinnacle existence among celestial deity mystic treasures, being not weaker than even true god mystic treasures.

However, a celestial deity mystic treasure was still a celestial deity mystic treasure. No matter how strong it was, it was not comparable to empyrean spirit treasure.

Medicinal cauldrons had considerable enhancement ability for pill refinement, regardless of whether it was the quality of the medicinal pills or during the process of the refinement.

At similar strength, the medicinal pills refined by an empyrean spirit treasure and refined by a celestial deity medicinal pills had no comparison at all.

“Humph! When this Empyrean is refining pills, how can it be your turn to butt in, you juniors? Moreover, this alchemy battle doesn’t restrict medicinal cauldrons. So what’s wrong with me doing this? If he really has the strength of a grandmaster, would he mind this bit of difference?” Proudcloud said with a cold smile.

Shameless!

This was the feeling that Proudcloud gave everyone currently.

It was just that these were all juniors who did not have the right to speak at all.

But right at this time, a ray of white light flew out from the Empyrean seats and landing in the ring.

A milky-white medicinal cauldron appeared in front of everyone.

When Empyrean Proudcloud saw this medicinal cauldron, his expression could not help changing greatly. Turning his head to look toward the Empyrean seats, he said in a solemn voice, “Brother Chaoyuan, what do you mean by this?!”

It turned out that this medicinal cauldron was actually Empyrean Chaoyuan’s!

The aura coming off of this milky-white medicinal cauldron was even stronger than the Illusory Truth Cauldron. It was shockingly an empyrean spirit treasure too. Furthermore, its quality was even higher than the Illusory Truth Cauldron!

“This ... This is Empyrean Chaoyuan’s lifeblood empyrean spirit treasure, Daytime Cauldron! He ... He can actually bear to take it out for Ye Yuan to use!’ An Empyrean powerhouse marveled with admiration.

Empyrean Chaoyuan ignored Proudcloud and just said to Ye Yuan coolly, “Little Friend, this old man’s Daytime Cauldron will be lent to you for use.”

A wave of exclamations came from all around.

“Everyone says that Empyrean Chaoyuan doesn’t tolerate unreasonable things. It’s indeed like so!”

“Looks like Empyrean Chaoyuan couldn’t endure the sight of it and even lent out his lifeblood empyrean spirit treasure.”

“So what? Even so, it’s still unfair! Grandmaster Ye’s cultivation realm can’t unleash the true power of an empyrean spirit treasure at all.”

...

Empyrean Chaoyuan’s action of lending his cauldron surprised everyone.

At this time, no one doubted anymore that he was not unhappy about being put under Ye Yuan.

The reason he did it was to witness Ye Yuan’s true strength!

Ye Yuan lightly caressed the Daytime Cauldron and felt a surging force from inside. Using it to refine pills could absolutely yield twice the results with half the effort.

“Indeed a fine cauldron! Many thanks, Brother Chaoyuan!”

Ye Yuan lightly clasped his hands at the Empyrean Chaoyuan up on the high platform to express his thanks. But his tone of voice changed as he suddenly said, “However, why is there a need for an empyrean spirit treasure to deal with him? My Xuanlong Cauldron will suffice!”

Done talking, Ye Yuan pushed with his palm. The Daytime Cauldron immediately turned into a streak of white light and flew toward Empyrean Chaoyuan.

A hint of surprise flashed across in Empyrean Chaoyuan’s eyes. Ye Yuan actually moved his Daytime Cauldron so effortlessly!

One had to know, this was his lifeblood empyrean spirit treasure. Although he did not deliberately control it, it was also not what anybody could move.

If Ye Yuan really wanted to use it, he still had to confer the intent to the Daytime Cauldron.

“What? He’s mad, right? Empyrean Chaoyuan’s good intentions, he actually doesn’t appreciate it?”

Seeing Ye Yuan’s actions, everyone was perplexed, giving off a series of exclamations.

Even Empyrean Proudcloud was already thrown into a daze by Ye Yuan’s action and did not react to it for a while.

Empyrean Chaoyuan took back the Daytime Cauldron and said coolly, “May as well.”

“Heh heh, a brat who overestimates his own ability! I’ll let you have a taste of this Empyrean’s prowess! Myriad Transformation Universe Hands!”

Empyrean Proudcloud kneaded seals, a pressure that surged to the extreme swept over toward Ye Yuan.

Seeing this scene, everyone’s faces changed one after another.

When those Empyreans took action previously, even when it reached around the 30th place later on, their Alchemy Dao auras also could not match up to 20% of Empyrean Proudcloud’s power!

Late-stage Dao Realm was actually frighteningly powerful!

In front of this aura, Ye Yuan was like a small rowboat in the ocean, appearing to be teetering on its last legs. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Proudcloud’s Myriad Transformation Universe Hands is a rather formidable rank seven alchemy technique. Coupled with the Illusory Truth Cauldron, even this Empyrean have to deal with it carefully too. I don’t believe that this kid can really overturn the skies!” Empyrean Daogan said with a cold smile.

The junior disciples in the plaza all looked towards Ye Yuan very worriedly, wanting to see how he would respond.

Suddenly, Ye Yuan’s brows furrowed, his gaze when looking toward Empyrean Proudcloud carried some coldness.

“Even want to sneak attack me? This guy is really shameless! Since that’s the case, then I’ll teach you a lesson that you’ll never forget!’ Ye Yuan sneered in his heart.

Just earlier, he clearly felt that inside the Alchemy Dao aura contained a portion of divine soul force. This guy actually wanted to sneak attack him.

But Empyrean Proudcloud should have some secret art. He did it very cleverly, it was hard for bystanders to detect.

At this very moment, Ye Yuan also became truly enraged.

Only to see him beckon with one hand, spirit medicines all flew into the Xuanlong Cauldron. A vast and mighty Alchemy Dao aura instantly rose up!

This imposing momentum was even several times stronger than the Empyrean Proudcloud who borrowed the power of an empyrean spirit treasure. It instantly eclipsed Empyrean Proudcloud’s aura.

On the Empyrean seats, Empyrean Chaoyuan suddenly stood up, staring fixedly at ye yuan, his eyes shooting out rays of brilliance.

The other Empyreans also had shocked expressions on their faces. Their gazes when looking at Ye Yuan were full of disbelief.

Empyrean Proudcloud was currently being pleased with himself when he suddenly felt a heaven-blotting-like aura instantly overshadow him.

His alchemy art was nearly directly interrupted.

In his abdomen, blood surged up, almost spurting out a mouthful of blood.

Fortunately, his realm was exceedingly high, forcefully suppressing this surging.

Except, he already completely lost living space under Ye Yuan’s lofty aura.

“This ... How is this possible? A thousand over years old grand completion Dao Realm?” Empyrean Proudcloud was incomparably shocked in his heart.