Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2039: Half-Step Ancestor Realm!

On the stage, fog curled upwards. An even and calm aura gradually released.

Although it was not outrageous like those Empyreans before, this aura made everyone’s faces change.

Strong!

Unexpectedly strong!

Empyrean Chaoyuan’s Alchemy Dao aura was like a towering mountain, standing steadfast.

Even if Ye Yuan crushed Empyrean Proudcloud’s imposing momentum, it also could not match up to the current Empyrean Chaoyuan.

“Huhu, Brother Chaoyuan’s Alchemy Dao realm seems to have improved significantly again! Looks like he’s the most promising alchemist of our Southern Border to step into Ancestor Realm after me! Although Ye Yuan is impressive, it’s likely very hard for him to want to pass his hurdle!”

When Empyrean Pilljade saw this scene, his face revealed a slight smile, showing a face full of approval.

Clearly, he was long confident about Empyrean Chaoyuan’s strength.

There was a series of exclamations in the plaza. Clearly, everyone did not expect that Empyrean Chaoyuan’s alchemy strength was actually so powerful.

“With this, Grandmaster Ye is in trouble! This opponent is too strong!”

“I really didn’t expect that turns out Empyrean Chaoyuan’s alchemy strength is actually even stronger than grandmasters.”

“It’s over, it’s over! Grandmaster Ye finally managed to prove his strength, but he is going to be kicked out of the Cloudpill Summit!”

...

If Empyrean Chaoyuan did not use the Daytime Cauldron, maybe Ye Yuan still had the strength to contend. But Ye Yuan let him use the Daytime Cauldron.

With the augmentation of an empyrean spirit treasure, Empyrean Chaoyuan’s strength was at least 20%-30% stronger.

This was practically fatal in the showdown between experts.

Even Ye Yuan himself was also slightly surprised in his heart. He also did not think that Empyrean Chaoyuan’s strength was actually so strong.

Looking at the strength that Empyrean Chaoyuan displayed, it could virtually rival Empyrean Flutterfeather’s back then.

However, Ye Yuan was not the slightest bit worried and brimmed with fighting intent instead.

Only by encountering such an opponent would this trip not have been in vain!

“Haha, bring it!”

Ye Yuan laughed loudly, the Chaos Heavenly Star Art suddenly erupted. An aura that was not weaker than Empyrean Chaoyuan instantly erupted.

Bang!

The collision of two mighty auras was akin to two massive mountains colliding together, sweeping up an energy storm frenziedly.

This spectacle was not the slightest bit inferior to the imposing momentum Ye Yuan and Empyrean Flutterfeather’s alchemy battle back then!

Empyrean Pilljade’s pupils constricted and he cried out in surprise, “Evenly-matched! This ... how is this possible?”

One had to know, not only did Empyrean Chaoyuan occupy the absolute advantage in divine soul, divine essence, and various aspects, he even had the augmentation of an empyrean spirit treasure.

But even so, he only fought until he was roughly on par with Ye Yuan.

This was also to say that if it was under the same rank, Empyrean Chaoyuan was not Ye Yuan’s match at all!

Empyrean Flutterfeather’s eyes also emitted a rare glimmer.

Of those present, only he knew that Ye Yuan’s strength became much stronger compared to their alchemy battle before.

If the current Ye Yuan carried out an alchemy battle again with him back then, it would not be known who would emerge victoriously!

“Huhu, is it just evenly-matched?” Empyrean Flutterfeather said with a smile that was not a smile.

Hearing this, everyone was startled inwardly.

Focusing their eyes and looking, sure enough, they saw Ye Yuan’s aura becoming stronger and stronger, and actually faintly showed signs of overpowering Empyrean Chaoyuan.

However, this kind of advantage was not obvious, Empyrean Chaoyuan was after all not the likes of Empyrean Proudcloud.

At this moment, Empyrean Chaoyuan had a somber look. He never dreamed that he would actually feel such tremendous pressure from a Six-star Alchemy God.

Empyrean Chaoyuan was an itinerant cultivator. He had once obtained an Eight-star Alchemy God’s inheritance by chance.

This Grand Luotian Thousand Illusory Dreamcloud True Art, even when facing-off against any holy land’s master, he did not fear in the slightest too.

Who could have thought that he would actually be suppressed in front of Ye Yuan?

Two massive mountain-like auras added radiance and beauty to each other, soaring straight to the sky. This scene was rather similar to Ye Yuan’s battle with Empyrean Flutterfeather back then.

But sadly, Empyrean Chaoyuan’s was ultimately a notch weaker and was unable to produce a resonance with Ye Yuan.

Ye Yuan released his aura fully, gradually shattering the scene of being evenly-matched in strength, and actually suppressed Empyrean Chaoyuan.

However, Empyrean Chaoyuan did not show weakness in the slightest too, standing up to Ye Yuan’s aura firmly.

Empyrean Pilljade’s expression became more and more solemn, narrowing his eyes as he said, “Could it be that ... he already touched the threshold of Ancestor Realm, and stepped into half-step Ancestor Realm?”

Empyrean Flutterfeather had a smile in his gaze, secretly thinking to himself that this guy finally became aware of it!

The moment Ye Yuan made his move, Empyrean Flutterfeather discovered that Ye Yuan’s present realm was already similar to his back then!

This was also to say that Ye Yuan already glimpsed the door of Ancestor Realm. As long as there was an opportunity, he would be able to step into Ancestor Realm.

Dao Realm to Ancestor Realm, the most difficult was this step.

Ancestor Realm was too fleeting and ephemeral. Even for grand completion Dao Realm to want to touch this boundary, it required an immense comprehension ability and a lucky chance too.

Even Empyrean Flutterfeather also did not expect that Ye Yuan actually found this path so quickly.

Just how much time had passed from the last Alchemy Celestial Pavilion alchemy battle until now?

This kid’s comprehension ability simply startled heaven and earth and made gods and ghosts weep.

Empyrean Pilljade’s words were like casting a rock into a pool of still water, immediately a series of great waves.

“What? Half-step Ancestor Realm! Doesn’t that mean that he has a possibility of stepping into Ancestor Realm at any time?”

“Too crazy! Really too crazy! Could it be that this kid is the reincarnation of the Medicine Ancestor?”

“He’s just in the True God Realm! Once he reaches the Empyrean Realm or the Heavenly Emperor Realm, how terrifying would he be?”

...

The group of Seven-star Alchemy Gods immediately burst into an uproar!

Ancestor Realm, that was all of their lifelong pursuits. But this step was far too difficult.

Forget about Empyrean Proudcloud, this kind of late-stage Dao Realm, even the seven great peak holy land’s masters were also stuck firmly in front of this step, unable to break through for hundreds of thousands of years.

But how old was Ye Yuan?

Such a monstrous existence simply made them jealous until they wanted to kill people.

All the way until this moment, they finally understood why Empyrean Flutterfeather gave the grandmaster token to Ye Yuan!

Ye Yuan already surpassed 95% of the Seven-star Alchemy Gods here, reaching a realm that they looked up to.

Even for the seven great peak holy land’s masters, apart from Empyrean Pilljade, there was only an Empyrean Flutterfeather who touched the threshold of Ancestor Realm and stepped into half-step Ancestor Realm.

The others were all lingering around grand completion Dao Realm. Regarding Ancestor Realm, they were unable to find the correct approach from start to end.

Ye Yuan was an existence on the same level as Flutterfeather! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

If even he did not have the qualifications to hold this grandmaster token, who else had the qualifications?

“Condense!”

“Condense!”

Virtually crying out in chorus, Ye Yuan and Empyrean Chaoyuan shouted out.

Empyrean Chaoyuan looked toward Ye Yuan, his gaze still carried shock.

If talking about who had the strongest feelings with regards to Ye Yuan’s strength, it was none other than him.

“This battle indeed didn’t let this old man down! I didn’t expect that Grandmaster Ye stepped into half-step Ancestor Realm at a young age, truly envying this old man to death!” Empyrean Chaoyuan lamented.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “Brother Chaoyuan doesn’t need to be envious. With your strength, you’ll eventually step into Ancestor Realm in the future!”

Empyrean Chaoyuan suddenly laughed out loud, saying, “Hahaha ... this old man has never doubted this! This battle, this old man has reaped great benefits. This trip wasn’t in vain. The rest no longer have any meaning. Brother Pilljade, Brother Flutterfeather, this old man will be going back to enter closed-seclusion and will bid farewell here!”

Done talking, he did not wait for everyone to say anything, directly stepping into the void.