Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2044: Choosing One’s Master

In the end, the Myriad Treasure Tower got 50% of the share, and 10% of it was naturally Heavenly Eagle Imperial City’s.

A puny little imperial city carved out 10% of the Southern Border’s profits. This was also the first time in the history of the Southern Border.

However, these Seven-star Alchemy Gods did not have any opposition against it.

The trump cards in Ye Yuan’s hands were too many!

Once the partnership was really dissolved, what they were about to suffer would be a destructive blow.

Ye Yuan and the Myriad Treasure Tower teaming up was simply without any weaknesses to exploit. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

As for the remaining things, it had nothing to do with Ye Yuan. This was a battle of attrition that dragged on for a long time and would last for as long as several months.

In this period, the Cloudpill Summit was also being held like a raging fire.

In a blink, half a year already passed. The Peak Alchemy Meet finally bet the gongs as the signal to end. The various major forces also gained their territories and shares.

The seven great factions still left people far behind in the dust, occupying more than 70% of the Southern Border’s profits.

The remaining 30% was divided up by other Seven-star Alchemy Gods.

But this arrangement of 70% had major changes presently.

Cloudpill Great Imperial Capital’s territory was reduced drastically. Hence, they extended their fiendish claws towards the other factions, hoping to be able to make up for it.

The other five great holy lands naturally also shrunk considerably.

The Myriad Treasure Tower naturally became this Cloudpill Summit’s biggest winner.

More importantly, Heavenly Eagle Imperial City became a faction that could not be overlooked, rising domineeringly.

One had to know, 70% were divided about among the seven major factions, with the Myriad Treasure Tower occupying 40% of the total market share and Heavenly Eagle occupying 10%. The remaining 50% needed six major factions to divide among themselves.

With Cloudpill Great Imperial Capital’s domineeringness, they naturally occupied more, taking 20% in the end.

Then the other five major factions only had 30% remaining out of the total 70%.

This was also to say that Heavenly Eagle Imperial City became the number three major faction after Lustrous Gold Great Imperial Capital and Cloudpill Great Imperial Capital!

After Ye Yuan learned about the significance behind this Cloudpill Summit, he naturally had some thoughts about it too.

For Heavenly Eagle to want to rise up, resources were indispensable.

If Ye Yuan relied on just himself alone to refine pills, even if he refined for a lifetime, what would be gained would also be limited and could not support the operation of a holy land at all.

The Cloudpill Summit this time provided a huge opportunity for him.

One should not look at how there was only 10%. The profits involved were simply unimaginable.

With these profits, Heavenly Eagle’s rise would be inevitable.

And this half a year’s time, Ye Yuan’s great reputation also thoroughly erupted, spreading throughout the entire Southern Border.

Everyone knew that the Southern Border produced a remarkable grandmaster!

When Zheng Qiyuan heard this news, he sat in the hall of his own home for a whole ten days and ten nights. He did not even move an inch.

After ten days, he walked out of the hall, his hair already completely white.

Then, he issued an order, the Zheng Family was to move toward the north and leave the Southern Border!

This news caused a great sensation for some time.

When the news spread to Heavenly Eagle Imperial City, the whole city rejoiced.

Their lord refreshed their understanding once more.

Although they all knew that Ye Yuan was very impressive previously, they did not have a clear idea of his strength.

But now, Ye Yuan defeated 99% of the Seven-star Alchemy Gods in the Cloudpill Summit.

This battle achievement was ... seriously too dazzling!

But right at this time, the curtains also fell on the Cloudpill Summit.

In the end, Yun Yi still obtained first place.

But the most dazzling was not Yun Yi. It was Ning Siyu!

Ning Siyu overcame all the difficulties along the way, finally obtaining the result of fourth place.

While the top three were all Dao Realm powerhouses!

Ning Siyu’s ranking did not have any surprises in itself. She was long universally accepted as the number one person under Dao Realm.

Obtaining the ranking of fourth matched her fame.

What made people’s jaws drop was Ning Siyu’s final battle. Her opponent in that battle was the third place Dao Realm powerhouse, Empyrean Blazing Sun’s grandnephew, Yang Yi.

In this battle, Ning Siyu unleashed Alchemy Dao strength that was beyond imagination and actually forced Yang Yi into desperate straits at one point.

During the whole process of the alchemy battle, the two people fought until they were evenly-matched.

This fight stunned everyone!

One had to know, Ning Siyu was just at the grand completion Initial Realm, while Yang Yi was at the Dao Realm!

For Ning Siyu to be able to have such strength, it could be seen how solid her Alchemy Dao foundation was.

For some time, Grandmaster Ye’s prestige went up a level!

While at this time, the Cloudpill Summit only had two last things remaining. This referred to the two things that all participants paid the most attention to: grandmasters accepting disciples, as well as grandmasters preaching on Dao!

The Six-star group’s and Five-star group’s top 20 had the qualifications to choose a grandmaster to acknowledge one as their master.

Of course, that also depended on whether the grandmaster would take them in or not.

At this time, 14 grandmasters were seated up on the high platform, overlooking the plaza.

14 virtual images were displayed in the plaza, representing 14 grandmasters.

At this time, an Empyrean powerhouse slowly said, “Now, the Five-star group’s top 20, step forward and choose your desired grandmaster. This Empyrean knows that many among you are descendants of Empyreans. But the master acknowledgment in this Cloudpill Summit is your massive lucky chance! You all can set your minds at ease and choose your master. Your elders won’t mind! But you all have to remember, you only have one chance to pick.”

Those Five-star disciples had excited looks on their faces. To be able to acknowledge a grandmaster as their master, this was absolutely their great lucky chance.

Even their seniors were also far too lacking compared to grandmasters!

“Alright, those names that are called by this Empyrean, step out of the ranks in proper order and choose your grandmaster! The first, Luo Tianqi.”

Luo Tianqi was the first place of the Five-star group this time, his strength being quite impressive.

In past sessions, when the first place took the stage, they would basically rush over to Empyrean Pilljade.

As for whether to take in or not, that would depend on Empyrean Pilljade’s mood.

But this time, there was Empyrean Flutterfeather this Ancestor Realm powerhouse. Empyrean Pilljade finally could not hold back anymore.

“Luo Tianqi, this Empyrean regards you very favorably. Come to this Empyrean’s side. This Empyrean will definitely make a special effort in grooming you. In the future, your strength definitely won’t lose to Yun Yi,” Empyrean Pilljade opened his mouth and said.

He was very confident. He was after all an Ancestor Realm powerhouse, and he even opened his gilded mouth.

As long as one was not a fool, they would enter his tutelage.

Although he lost this time, the prestige accumulated over several hundreds of thousands of years was not for show.

So many years, the alchemy powerhouses that walked out of Cloudpill Great Imperial Capital were too many to count.

It was just that this time, he miscalculated.

Luo Tianqi gave a bow toward Empyrean Pilljade and said, “Many thanks for Lord Pilljade’s showing of appreciation. This child is being seized with fear! It’s just that ... this child already has a grandmaster that he admires in his heart, truly sorry.”

Empyrean Pilljade’s face changed and was just about to open his mouth, but then he saw Luo Tianqi actually walk straight toward Ye Yuan’s virtual image amidst the surprise of all of the Seven-star Alchemy Gods.

He actually did not pick Flutterfeather?

Seeing that it was Ye Yuan, Empyrean Pilljade also let out a sigh in relief.

This vying of talents was also an important matter.

After all, a massive holy land was not propped up by him alone.

As long as they did not pick Empyrean Flutterfeather, then there was no problem.

The Empyrean presiding over was also slightly surprised. But he did not take it to heart and continued, saying, “Second, Li Qing.”

Originally, Empyrean Pilljade totally looked down on this second place.

It was just that this situation was somewhat special, so he still opened his mouth.

“Li Qing, this Empyrean can accept you as a disciple!” Empyrean Pilljade opened his mouth and said.

Li Qing had an apologetic look as he bowed and said, “Many thanks for Lord Pilljade’s showing of favor, it’s just that ... this lowly one already has a choice in his heart.”

Finished talking, Li Qing also walked toward Ye Yuan without the slightest hesitation.