Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2063: Three Bullied Wives

The one being remorseful and angry was not just the Luo Family’s ancestor. Those geniuses who had the chance to enter Ye Yuan’s tutelage were currently all thumping their chests and stomping their feet at home, regretting endlessly.

Ye Yuan’s talent was too great. Furthermore, his ability in teaching disciples was similarly powerful.

A figure able to take out more than ten kinds of pill formulas casually and propel the transformation of the Southern Border’s medicinal pills, how weak could he be in the future?

Who could guarantee that several tens of thousands of years later, the Southern Border would not produce another Medicine Ancestor level character?

Even if Ye Yuan could not become a Medicine Ancestor, that was also absolutely a great grandmaster as weighty as Mount Tai.

Being able to become his disciple, that was a tremendous lucky chance.

“Old Man Pilljade is blind, but his great-grandson could see what others could not! Yun Yi, that kid, under Grandmaster Ye’s tutelage, he will definitely be an earth-shaking great character in the future. Perhaps in the future, Old Man Pilljade wouldn’t even be fit to carry shoes for this great-grandson of his!”

“This boy is too monstrous. I’m afraid that even the Medicine Ancestor back then also did not have this kind of terrifying strength, right?”

“He overturned the entire Southern Border Alliance with his power alone! This kind of heaven-shocking action, he can bear the title of ‘Little Medicine Ancestor’ already!”

...

No idea since when, this title of ‘Little Medicine Ancestor’ was crowned on Ye Yuan’s head.

The Southern Border’s various places were virtually all discussing Ye Yuan.

Ye Yuan had such dazzling strength, bystanders would naturally compare with the number one Alchemy Dao person.

In the end, they discovered that even when the Medicine Ancestor was returned to his youth, it would likely be hard to reach Ye Yuan’s current height too.

One had to know, Ye Yuan overpowered all of the Seven-star Alchemy Gods in the Cloudpill Summit.

Later, he even triggered the Sea of Law and entered Ancestor Realm.

At a young age, he was already a Mount Tai level figure of the alchemy world.

This kind of achievement, using accomplishment that surpassed ancient and modern times to describe was not the least bit overboard.

Being carried along by the heaven-shocking momentum, a puny little Heavenly Eagle Imperial City shockingly already became the Southern Border’s eighth great peak holy land.

Although this did not get the Southern Border Alliance’s acknowledgement, this was already an established fact in the hearts of numerous alchemists. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

More and more alchemists poured into Heavenly Eagle Imperial City.

This small city already appeared too overcrowded.

Ye Yuan opening his mouth and exorbitantly demanding ten million high-grade divine essence stones from the Southern Border Alliance were done in order to expand the city.

Ten million high-grade divine essence stones, even at great imperial capital this level, it was also a massive resource.

For close to ten years, Ye Yuan also accumulated a sum of tremendous wealth from cooperating with the Myriad Treasure Tower. It was sufficient to use to expand the city.

The Myriad Treasure Tower and Southern Border Alliance’s negotiations were currently carrying out a seesaw game.

Actually, Ye Yuan and Flutterfeather were both clear in their hearts that just based on a Myriad Treasure Tower, even if adding in the seven great reclusive ancient families, they also could not devour the Southern Border, this piece of fatty meat.

This stall ultimately still had to be branched out.

Otherwise, what would they still sit down and discuss?

With the Myriad Treasure Tower’s strength presently, eliminating the Southern Border Alliance was simply as easy as counting numbers, but it was not easy to annex the territories.

But even if they could not devour it, the Myriad Treasure Tower also had to fight for the maximization of benefits.

The Myriad Treasure Tower ultimately still had to join the Southern Border Alliance. It was just that the division of profits naturally could not be like in the past anymore.

The suggestion that Ye Yuan gave Flutterfeather was not to ask for too much of their territories, but the pill formulas must be grasped in their hands.

The Southern Border Alliance would definitely covet the pill formulas. The Myriad Treasure Tower’s goal was to turn the Southern Border Alliance into their sellers.

The Myriad Treasure Tower provided the medicinal pills, while the Southern Border Alliance only had the selling rights. At that time, the profits would be divided again.

This way, the Myriad Treasure Tower’s position of alliance chief would be as solid as a metal bucket.

As for medicinal pills, presently with the support of the seven great reclusive ancient families, they could be refined without ceasing.

These alchemy ancient families normally stayed hidden and did not emerge. But that was just relatively speaking.

For ancient family disciples to want to cultivate, it naturally could not do without large sums of divine essence stones.

This kind of remote controlling method was these reclusive ancient families’ favorite method of earning money.

Of course, this was something that Empyrean Flutterfeather needed to worry about, Ye Yuan could not be bothered to go and care.

Regardless of what the final outcome was, he just needed to sit and wait to get his share of the money.

On this day, Ye Yuan was currently in his manor cultivating when suddenly, someone came to report that Five Firmament Great Imperial Capital’s Empyrean Lu Yan came to request an audience.

Ye Yuan was slightly taken aback and immediately understood something, the corners of his mouth revealing a trace of a smile.

At the City Lord Manor, Ye Yuan sat high up at the court, while the exalted Empyrean Lu Yan could only stand with his hands by the side below.

Looking at the Ye Yuan who was akin to being high in the clouds, Lu Yan felt all sorts of emotions jumbled up in his heart.

How could he have thought that within the imperial cities that he governed, there would actually be a huge dragon that soared to the sky?

Although Lu Yan was not someone involved in alchemy, a grand event like the Cloudpill Summit, how could he not know about what happened with his status as an Empyrean?

When one soul-stirring news after another came over, Lu Yan finally understood just what kind of existence he offended.

Back then, when Flutterfeather gave Ye Yuan the grandmaster token, beyond his shock, Lu Yan turned his nose up at it more.

A puny little True God Realm, holding a grandmaster token, going to the Cloudpill Summit to make a spectacle of himself?

At this age, he should compete with Six-star geniuses honestly and sincerely.

Be a grandmaster?

Was he worthy?

But when one news after another came over, only then did Lu Yan know that Ye Yuan was really worthy of being one!

But later, with the Myriad Treasure Tower and Southern Border Alliance battling against one another, Lu Yan saw hope again and even expelled the Myriad Treasure Tower, drawing the Cloudpill Establishment, these major factions in.

In his view, the Myriad Treasure Tower would surely be defeated without a doubt!

No matter how strong a faction was, how could they possibly be stronger than the entire Southern Border?

The Southern Border had a boundless expanse of land. Just the great imperial capitals had thousands to tens of thousands.

How could a mere Myriad Treasure Tower be the Southern Border Alliance’s match?

But he never dreamed that Ye Yuan actually fought until the Southern Border was utterly destroyed with his power alone, ultimately sending people over to beg for peace.

Ever since he sent Lu Ziyi over to capture Ye Yuan, he had never had anything go right for him before.

Toward a mere imperial city, Empyreans could be said to hold power over its life and death.

Yet, in this Heavenly Eagle, Ye Yuan gave him one surprise after another.

The Five Firmament Great Imperial Capital was the Myriad Treasure Tower’s traditional faction. Since they came to beg for peace, the Cloudpill Establishment, these factions, naturally had to withdraw.

With this, Empyrean Lu Yan was virtually about to cry.

He thickened his face to go and find the Myriad Treasure Tower, hoping for the Myriad Treasure Tower to rejoin the Five Firmament Great Imperial Capital. But they did not buy it at all.

Empyrean Flutterfeather gave the instructions concerning the Five Firmament Great Imperial Capital’s affairs that they would not get involved at all.

Wanting to have the Myriad Treasure Tower rejoin the Five Firmament Great Imperial Capital, it must get Ye Yuan’s approval.

There was no choice. Under Empyrean Lu Yan’s helplessness, he could only humble himself and come and beg Ye Yuan.

Normally, forget about that. Without the Myriad Treasure Tower, he could find other forces to refine medicinal pills.

But the problem was that Ye Yuan poisoned several thousand True God Realms to death previously. The Five Firmament Great Imperial Capital virtually had no power to fight!

At this juncture, without the support of powerful medicinal pills, he would have to be a lone general without an army for god knows how long.

The current Empyrean Lu Yan brought along Deng Yunzai and Dai Chunhao, just like three bullied wives; on tenterhooks.

Empyrean powerhouse, that was the pinnacle-most existence in this secular world, how high-spirited were they?

They had never thought that they would actually have this kind of emotion in front of a True God Realm junior one day.

Lu Yan gave a deep bow toward Ye Yuan and said, “Five Firmament Great Imperial Capital’s Lu Yan pays respect to Grandmaster Ye!”