Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2136: A Treasure Vault

Swearing the Heavenly Dao Oath and taking the contract, Long Chi’s face finally revealed a hint of delight.

“Heh, you must still be thinking of coming out, right? Telling you quite regretfully, this entrance is one-way. One can only enter and not come out! Furthermore, after you go in, you’ll be transported to another venue randomly. If there are many powerful monsters there, then congratulations! You won the prize!” Long Yu said smugly.

“Oh? In this case, the Dragon Eye Cave doesn’t have an exit?” Ye Yuan asked curiously.

If there was no exit, then it would really be somewhat troublesome.

If it was an enclosed world, then no matter how strong he became, it would also be impossible to come out of there.

“It is not that there isn’t any. I heard that there are some spatial rifts inside the Dragon Eye Cave that traverses between spatial turbulent flows and the Dragon Eye Cave. But where these spatial rifts are, nobody knows either. Therefore ... entering the Dragon Eye Cave is equivalent to crossing the Rubicon!” Long Zhi said in a solemn voice.

Long Chi laughed wildly as he said, “Brat, there’s still time to regret now! But those few humans’ lives can’t be guaranteed, hahaha!”

Ye Yuan could not be bothered with him and leaped, his figure directly plunging into the cave entrance.

Long Chi still wanted to take a look at Ye Yuan’s panicky appearance. Who knew that Ye Yuan was so straightforward, directly jumping in. He could not help feeling annoyed.

“Humph! Not being able to kill you with my own hands, consider yourself getting off easilty!” Finished talking, Long Chi’s figure moved, vanishing from the great hall.

Long Zhi also sighed slightly and turned around and left.

However, not long after the few people left, a figure secretly slipped into the hall.

Swoosh!

A ray of azure light flashed past, that figure dashed right into the Dragon Eye Cave. The guards could not react in time at all.

When the two Empyrean Realm guards saw this scene, their faces could not help changing greatly.

“Just now, that ... seemed to be Long Xiaochun, right?”

“Damn it! This misfortune star actually entered the Dragon Eye Cave! Things are blown up now! You watch here! I’ll immediately report it to Dragon Lord.”

The two people were seized with panic and left the great hall like flying.

... ...

Ye Yuan only felt the world spin around. No idea how long had passed either, he finally landed on solid ground. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

It was a foreign world in front of him. Blood-red sky seemed like flames were burning in the sky; incomparably somber.

Limitless devilish aura assaulted him frenziedly, penetrating right into the marrow.

“What fierce devilish aura! It’s many times stronger than even the fiend race’s devilish aura! However ... such a pure devilish aura is very good cultivation resource!”

A hint of a smile flashed across the corners of Ye Yuan’s mouth. The Chaos Heavenspan Canon quietly revolved and started to crazily absorb the devilish aura.

If someone saw this scene, their eyeballs would probably fall out.

Once this kind of horrifying devilish aura entered the body, regardless of whether it was the demon race or human race, they would probably be unable to withstand it and would be corroded by this devilish aura very quickly, becoming a walking corpse.

When normal people came here, they would have to revolve divine essence to push away this devilish aura.

But Ye Yuan was different! He was directly absorbing it!

Once the devilish aura entered the body, it was immediately refined by the Chaos Heavenspan Canon, becoming a ball of chaos divine essence, converging into the Origin Pill.

Ye Yuan’s Origin Pill became smaller and smaller, but the chaos divine essence became purer and purer.

Everything originated from chaos, everything returned to chaos.

To Ye Yuan, there was no difference between whatever divine essence, fiend essence, or demon divine essence.

As long as it was a form of energy, it could be refined by the Chaos Heavenspan Canon, becoming chaos divine essence in the end.

As long as Ye Yuan was willing, he could also invoke chaos divine essence to imitate any form of energy.

“Heh, the devilish energy here is really a great tonic, cultivating one day is practically equivalent to ten days in the outside world!” Ye Yuan sighed emotionally.

Swoosh!

A dark ball object arrived behind Ye Yuan silently.

All of a sudden, that dark object opened its gaping maws, revealing sharp teeth, and bit towards Ye Yuan’s neck.

Puchi!

A streak of cold light flashed past, the sharp sword energy entered right from the gaping maws, piercing right through the monster’s head.

“Awoo!”

The monster emitted a series of strange cries and fell to the ground, twitching a few times before it stopped moving.

Ye Yuan turned around and looked. This monster looked like a black dog. It was just that the hair all over its body was extremely long and it did not even have an eye.

If it did not open its mouth, it would look just like a black ball.

This monster wanted to ambush Ye Yuan. How could it know that Ye Yuan seemed to have grown eyes at the back of his head, directly annihilating it?

“This is the monster that they spoke of? Indeed very strong! Never heard before that the Heavenspan World still has this kind of monster. What in the world are these?” Ye Yuan said with a frown.

The aura exuding from this monster’s body was roughly the same as a human Fifth Firmament True God.

But that strike earlier, probably three Fifth Firmament True Gods were not a match either.

“Abyss monster!” Dustless’s voice suddenly rang out.

“Abyss monster? You’re talking about these?” Ye Yuan asked curiously.

Dustless nodded his head and said, “That’s right! Following the Soul Suppressing Pearl’s breakthrough to a heavenly emperor spirit treasure, my memories seemed to have somewhat recovered. I feel very familiar with this Dragon Eye Cave. It seems like I’ve come before once.”

Ye Yuan was taken aback when he heard that and said, “You came here before? Could it be that ... Heavenly Empyrean Immortal Grove came before?”

Dustless said, “Possible! These abyss monsters are very strong, same rank humans are not a match at all. There are even some powerful existences among them that can even jump realms to battle. Ye Yuan, you have to be more careful.”

Ye Yuan nodded his head and said, “Mn, I’ll be careful. Eh, what’s this?”

Ye Yuan was just about to leave when he suddenly discovered that beside that abyss monster’s corpse, a black crystal fell out.

“What thick devilish energy! This thing must be the abyss monster’s life essence! Tsk tsk, the devilish energy stored inside here is even purer than the devilish energy in the air!”

Seeing this black crystal, Ye Yuan’s two eyes could not help lighting up.

When others saw this devilish energy, it was like a rat seeing a cat. There might not even be time to even run.

But Ye Yuan behaved like he obtained a priceless treasure.

“Hahaha! This Dragon Eye Cave is really a good place! With this kind of black crystals, I can break through to Eighth Firmament True God within a very short time! That old dog forced me to come to the Dragon Eye Cave. But he probably never dreamed that this place is simply a paradise to me!” Ye Yuan put away the black crystal and said with a loud laugh.

The devilish energy inside this one piece of black crystal was virtually equivalent to a rank six divine pill!

What did Ye Yuan lack most in his cultivation?

Medicinal pills!

Even if Ye Yuan currently had deep pockets, the quantity of the medicinal pills that his cultivation required was too great.

Rank six spirit medicines were extremely precious. Even if Ye Yuan did not lack money, he could not get that many spirit medicines either.

However, as long as there was an endless stream of medicinal pills, Ye Yuan’s cultivation would definitely be very fast.

However, there were countless abyss monsters here. It was equivalent to having countless rank six divine pills. This place was simply a treasure vault to Ye Yuan!

Brilliant light shone in Ye Yuan’s eyes. There was already a crazy plan in his head: hunt abyss monsters!