Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2141: Poor Memory

“Go back and tell your boss that in the future, our two camps will stay in our own lanes and mind our own business. Don’t attempt to challenge my patience. Otherwise, bear the consequences yourself!” Ye Yuan said to the pig-head-like Long Zhaotian.

“Wah, wah, wah, wah ...”

Long Zhaotian’s eyes were full of shock and fear, opening his mouth and wanting to speak. But his face was already swollen like a pig’s head and could not open his mouth at all. He could only cry loudly.

“Hahaha ... Long Zhaotian, your current appearance is really exactly the same as a pig’s head! Looks like I’ll have to call you Pighead Tian in the future! What kind of character do you think Lord Ye is? You’re purely looking for abuse yourself!”

Seeing Long Zhaotian’s appearance, Long Xun started laughing heartily.

He and Long Zhaotian were almost on par in terms of strength, so they could not do anything much to the other.

But Long Zhaotian’s camp was still a notch stronger than them.

The two people fought for over 20 years, and he had always been at a disadvantage. Today, seeing the other party being beaten to a pig’s head, how could Long Xun not be delighted?

Beyond the joy, Long Xun’s side was also extremely shocked, especially Long Chun.

They were all very clear about Long Zhaotian’s strength, it was even a notch stronger than Long Xun.

But he was like a child in front of Ye Yuan, without the strength to fight back at all.

Previously, they were still looking down on Ye Yuan. Now, they felt lingering fear.

It turned out that this lord was really very impressive!

“Still not scramming? Could it be that you guys all want to become pig heads?”

Ye Yuan’s two eyes narrowed and he took a step out. The other side all shuddered and brought along Pighead Tian and fled like flying.

“Your Excellency is mighty! Your Excellency is mighty!”

After Long Zhaotian left, everyone cheered.

The last time, Long Xun was not around. So they were really bullied badly. Now, Ye Yuan took revenge for them, they were extremely moved.

... ...

Supporting his pig-like head, Long Zhaotian escaped back to the camp.

Seeing the boss, Long Zhaotian used a muffled voice to complain tearfully, “Boss! Boss! You have to seek justice for me!”

The dragon race’s recovery ability was still extremely strong. The current Long Zhaotian’s pig head swelling already went down a little and could barely manage to talk.

When that person opposite saw Long Zhaotian, she could not help laughing out loud.

“Hehehe ... Long Zhaotian, why did you become a pig’s head after not seeing for a while? Not to mention, you have quite the potential to be a pig’s head.”

It was a girl, having two small horns growing on top of her head. If Ye Yuan was here, he would probably get a big fright.

This girl was none other than precisely the Long Xiaochun who followed him.

After Long Xiaochun entered the Dragon Eye Cave, she kept attempting to find Ye Yuan. But the Dragon Eye Cave was too big. She had nowhere to start at all.

Just not long ago, Long Xiaochun accidentally stumbled upon Long Zhaotian’s camp and directly used brutish means to subdue him.

Long Xiaochun was mischievous by nature and felt that being a boss was pretty fun. Hence, she also started taking great joy in playing.

But her goal was the entire Dragon Clan’s strength, to make them come and find Ye Yuan together.

After all, no matter how powerful she was, with regards to finding people, numbers still win.

Long Zhaotian said with a bitter face, “B-Boss, I ... I only became like this because I was carrying out errands for you!”

Long Xiaochun giggled and said, “Relax. The person who beat you until like this, I’ll definitely beat him until the same later as well! Speak, speak! What in the world happened? Weren’t you bragging to me every day, saying how incredible you are?”

Only then did Long Zhaotian’s sadness turn to joy as he said, “Boss, it’s not that I, Long Zhaotian, can’t make it, but that Long Xun also found a boss from no idea where. His strength is too strong, I’m not a match at all!”

“Oh? Your strength has already reached the top in rank six, could it be that their boss is an Empyrean too?” Long Xiaochun asked curiously.

Long Zhaotian said gloomily, “Really isn’t! Their boss is a human, having only an Eighth Firmament True God cultivation. But his strength is incredible. I didn’t even have strength leftover to retaliate! Fortunately, he didn’t deal a killing blow. Otherwise, Little Tian probably won’t be able to come back to meet Boss.”

“Human? Eighth Firmament True God? Could it ... be him? Hang on, just how long has it been, how can he possibly break through his cultivation realm? Furthermore, the environment here isn’t suitable for cultivation at all. Could it be that there are still other humans that entered this place?” Long Xiaochun said with a frown.

When Ye Yuan entered the Dragon Eye Cave, he was merely an initial-stage Seventh Firmament True God.

After only one year plus had passed, logically speaking, it was impossible to break through to become an Eighth Firmament True God.

The Dragon Eye Cave’s spiritual energy was extremely sparse. Furthermore, it was mixed with large quantities of devilish energy. Cultivating became extremely slow. One must reel it in slowly like reeling silk from a cocoon before they could absorb very little spiritual energy.

Calculating according to common sense, cultivating outside for over ten years might not even be comparable to one year in here.

Under such circumstances, how could Ye Yuan possibly break through to be an Eighth Firmament True God in a short one year’s time?

This kind of thing was too fantastical.

But Long Zhaotian’s words still perked Long Xiaochun’s interest. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

She planned on personally going to take a look.

“Go, bring me to go and see this person!” Long Xiaochun got up and said.

Long Zhaotian was greatly excited and said, “Heh, with Boss making a move, that bunch of grandsons will definitely die very miserable! Boss, you have to stand up for me and beat that punk into a pig’s head!”

Long Xiaochun pretended to be cold and proud as she said, “Relax, you’re my subordinate. Slapping your face is equivalent to slapping mine. I’ll help you pummel him to a pig’s head!”

... ...

Very soon, Long Zhaotian and the rest staged a comeback.

Outside Long Xun’s camp, Long Zhaotian shouted ,”Human brat! My boss is here, so hurry up and come out to die!”

Long Xun came when he heard that. Seeing Long Zhaotian, he laughed loudly and said, “Pighead Tian, you were already beaten to a pig’s head. Are you still being forgetful?”

Long Zhaotian smiled coldly and said, “This one is our boss, the Dragon Clan’s peerless genius, Lord Xiaochun! Let your boss come out. Lord Xiaochun said that she’s going to beat him to a pig’s head!”

Long Xun’s gaze shifted to Long Xiaochun and could not help revealing a serious look.

This guy really found an Empyrean Realm to be boss!

Furthermore, this Empyrean Realm was actually a young and beautiful woman!

Long Xiaochun already reached Empyrean Realm at a young age. So how could she be relegated to the Dragon Eye Cave?

“Go, invite Boss out!” Long Xun had a solemn look as he said to the Long Qing beside him.

Long Zhaotian had a smug look and said with a cold smile, “Long Xun, you wouldn’t think that your Eighth Firmament True God can still deal with an Empyrean powerhouse, right? The moment Lord Xiaochun makes her move, that boss of yours will immediately turn to minced meat! This father of yours had said before, asking you to surrender earlier, but you wouldn’t listen. Today, I will definitely beat you to a pig’s head! Oh, right, that boss of yours too!”

“Who did you say that you want to beat to a pig’s head? Looks like your memory is very poor!” Ye Yuan walked over leisurely as he said coolly.

Seeing Ye Yuan, Long Xiaochun’s pupils could not help constricting, her face revealing an expression akin to being relieved of a heavy burden.

When Ye Yuan saw Long Xiaochun, he was also stunned.

He did not expect that he would actually run into Long Xiaochun here.

Why did this girl enter the Dragon Eye Cave?

Long Zhaotian completely did not detect the strange atmosphere and still laughed loudly as he said, “Hahaha ... beating who to a pig’s head? Of course it’s beating you to a pig’s head! You, a mere Eighth Firmament True God, dare to be so arrogant! Today, I want you to be unable to bear the consequences of failure!”

Bang!

A heavy punch landed on his face, directly sending him flying out.

The one who hit Long Zhaotian was none other than precisely Long Xiaochun.