Chapter 215: Sect Protecting Grand Array

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

Outside the capital, when Ye Yuan saw Nanfeng Ruoqing and Nanfeng Zhirou, he could not help being stupefied.

"Ye Yuan, you’re really cold-blooded and heartless. You didn’t even come and inform us before leaving!" Nanfeng Zhirou said huffily.

Ye Yuan smiled bitterly when he saw the situation and said, "Teacher Nanfeng, Senior Apprentice Sister, I was just afraid of not doing things properly, causing grief and pain from bidding farewell. That’s why I left without telling the two of you. I didn’t think that you two would actually come to send me off."

"Humph! Who came to send you off? We’re here to see Senior Apprentice Brother Mo off!" Nanfeng Zhirou said.

Ye Yuan gave a faint smile. This lass really wanted to save face. To actually use this sort of method to deal with it. Didn’t it seem too childish?

"Like that huh. I wonder what Senior Apprentice Sister is looking for Senior Apprentice Brother Mo for?" Ye Yuan asked.

"Tch, seeing your look of disbelief, you go and ask Senior Apprentice Brother Mo!"

Ye Yuan was stupefied. Looking at this lass’s confident appearance, could it be that they really came to look for Mo Yuntian?

Nanfeng Ruoqing smiled and said, "You little girl, you really like to keep people guessing! Ye Yuan, we’re actually preparing to go with you to the Tranquil Cloud Sect!"

"With Junior Apprentice Sister Nanfeng’s Alchemy Dao standards, she could have actually entered the sect long ago. But she chose to stay in the academy for the State of Qin’s Imperial Family. Now that the State of Qin’s matters has concluded, she can also leave in peace. As for Nanfeng Zhirou, she’s entering the sect under a retainer identity," Mo Yuntian explained.

Ye Yuan came to a realization after hearing this.

Thinking about it, Nanfeng Ruoqing’s Alchemy Dao standards were not inferior to Yang Hao’s. Since Yang Hao could become a core disciple, then she naturally had this qualification too.

Furthermore, under Ye Yuan’s guidance, Nanfeng Ruoqing’s Yin-Yang Separation Flow Technique was already at the entry-level stage. In terms of alchemy, she likely tossed Yang Hao far behind her already. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Ye Yuan knew that every core disciple could bring five retainers into the sect. Lu-er was also brought along under the retainer status.

Speaking of Lu-er, the frost poison in her body was already temporarily suppressed by the Essence Yang Pill. But with Ye Yuan’s present strength, he was still unable to completely remove the root of the frost poison.

Hence, Lu-er still could not cultivate for the time being.

"So that’s the case! Then didn’t Teacher Nanfeng become Senior Apprentice Sister Nanfeng? Well, this way, I have an additional martial niece. Thinking about it, it’s not too bad," Ye Yuan said smilingly.

"Hehe. Elder Sister Nanfeng became a generation younger instantly. How pitiful!" Lu-er could not resist covering her mouth to giggle.

Nanfeng Zhirou was so angry that she glared with round eyes and said furiously, "Who’s your martial niece? I’m going to fight it out with you, Ye Yuan!"

Nanfeng Zhirou drew her sword and stabbed. Ye Yuan lightly dodged it. Now, forget about Nanfeng Zhirou joking around, even if she used her full strength, she also could not stab Ye Yuan.

Nanfeng Ruoqing smiled and said, "Alright, Zhirou. Senior Apprentice Brother Mo is still here, don’t make a fool of yourself! Moreover, what Ye Yuan said is right. According to seniority, you’re indeed his martial niece now."

Nanfeng Zhirou also knew that she could not beat Ye Yuan and said angrily, "Humph! I don’t want to be his martial niece!"

After a round of quarreling, Nanfeng Zhirou refused to call Ye Yuan as Martial Uncle no matter what.

Mo Yuntian opened his mouth to say, "All right, it’s getting late. Let’s be on our way."

Finishing, Mo Yuntian casually waved. A small-scale flying boat appeared in front of everyone. This was a flying spirit artifact which could accommodate around ten people.

The group boarded the flying vessel and set off for the Tranquil Cloud Sect.

. . . . . .

After two days, the flying boat landed at a mountain with abundant spiritual qi.

This place was endowed with natural spirits and had multiple ranges of mountains; just like a mortal world paradise.

The flying boat landed directly at the foot of the mountain. Mo Yuntian put away the flying boat and said to everyone, "This place is the Spirit Blessing Mountain, and also the location of the sect. Sect disciples are not to fly through the air in the sect without permission. Therefore, we can only land here and walk on foot up the mountain."

"So this place is Spirit Blessing Mountain! I’ve been looking forward to this place since young, this is the first time I’ve come here! The heaven and earth essence energy in this place is so abundant, much stronger than at the Dan Wu Academy!" Nanfeng Zhirou exclaimed in surprise after sensing it.

"The sect has a Sect Protecting Grand Array. Within the grand array, there’s a Spirit Gathering Formation. The essence energy here is naturally much richer than other places," Ye Yuan said nonchalantly.

Mo Yuntian revealed a surprised look. "Junior Apprentice Brother Ye even knows array formations? To actually see through the illusion at a glance!"

"Know a little bit. I can sense the power of array formations. But as for what formations, I can’t tell," Ye Yuan said.

In reality, Ye Yuan saw through it with one look. This array formation was called Yin-Yang Turbid Heaven Grand Array, a Quasi-Tier 5 array formation. It was just that it wasn’t that good to behave overly monstrous in front of Mo Yuntian, which was why he pretended he did not know.

When Mo Yuntian heard Ye Yuan say this, his surprise lessened a little.

This Junior Apprentice Brother Ye’s talent in the Martial Dao was astonishing while his attainments in Alchemy Dao were extremely high. If he even knew array formations, then it was too monstrous.

"This is my Tranquil Cloud Sect’s sect protecting grand array, Yin-Yang Turbid Heaven Grand Array, a Quasi-Tier 5 array formation. Its power is extremely great! The average Soul Sea Realm powerhouse is unable to break this formation." Speaking of the Yin-Yang Turbid Heaven Grand Array, Mo Yuntian was also rather proud.

Hearing Mo Yuntian’s introduction, Nanfeng Ruoqing and niece revealed astonished looks.

Soul Sea Realm powerhouse was something of the legends to them! But such a powerhouse was actually unable to break the Tranquil Cloud Sect’s sect protecting grand array! The might of this grand array could be seen!

But Ye Yuan remained calm and composed and did not say anything. But he was somewhat disapproving of Mo Yuntian’s words in his heart.

No idea which idiot laid out this array formation, simply full of loopholes!

After Ye Yuan’s slight observation, he discovered at least seven or eight places where the grand array was slightly weaker. If he had Sea Transformation Realm strength, breaking this array formation would be like playing around, why would there be the need for a Soul Seal Realm powerhouse to break the formation?

The so-called Quasi-Tier 5 array formation basically represented the pinnacle power of Tier 4 array formations.

That was also to say, even if the person breaking the array had peak Soul Sea Realm strength, they could forget about forcefully breaking this array formation!

But Ye Yuan reckoned that for the current sect protecting array, as long as the person breaking the array had middle-stage Soul Seal Realm strength, they could completely break it apart forcefully!

Yin-Yang Turbid Heaven Grand Array belonged to the peak existences among Quasi-Tier 5 array formations. A fine and proper sect protecting array was laid out in such a manner, one could only say that the level of the person who set up the formation was too low.

This array at present, as long as the opposing party brought along a Tier 4 array formation master, it could be broken very easily.

If Ye Yuan laid out this grand array, forget about peak Soul Seal Realm powerhouses, even half-step Divine Traversing Realm powerhouses could only return defeated!

However, Ye Yuan naturally would not say these things to Mo Yuntian so as to avoid being overly shocking.

The Tranquil Cloud Sect had already set up their sect here for a thousand years already, and it had been safe and sound the entire time. Though this array formation was slightly inferior, it did not seem to be too much of an issue.

Furthermore, it could be seen from this Yin-Yang Turbid Heaven Grand Array that the Tranquil Cloud Sect’s foundation was profoundly deep.

"All right, you guys follow me up the mountain." Mo Yuntian brought the few people and headed up the mountain.

"Good day, Senior Apprentice Brother Mo!" the disciple on duty guarding the gate took the initiative to go up and salute when he saw Mo Yuntian.

Mo Yuntian nodded and said, "I’m under Master’s orders to fetch Junior Apprentice Brother and Sisters from the secular world up the mountain. This is the permit."

The gatekeeping disciple took over the permit, used divine sense to sweep over it before returning to Mo Yuntian and opening up the path, saying, "If you please, Senior Apprentice Brother Mo."