Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2144: Astonishing Secret

“Essence, energy, and spirit combining into one! How ... How did he do it?”

“Is this the power of essence, energy, and spirit combining into one? Truly ridiculously strong!”

“Since time immemorial, there have been countless dazzlingly talented people who attempted to fuse essence, energy, and spirit. But no one had done it before, how did he do it?”

... ...

There were cries of exclamations all around, everyone was stunned by this scene.

Before Divine Dao, one needed to fuse essence, energy, and spirit, the three paths, before they could attain Divine Dao.

But after Divine Dao, the Heavenspan World’s martial artists no longer had anyone capable of fusing essence, energy, and spirit into one.

Dao Ancestors could not either!

Since remote antiquity, there had been no idea how many major powers that cultivated essence, energy, and spirit, the three paths, to the highest summit, and attempted to fuse them into one.

But upon entering Divine Dao, this became a paradox!

No matter how hard they worked, they were unable to succeed.

Hence, essence, energy, and spirit being unable to fuse into one, this also became the consensus of all of the Heavenspan World’s powerhouses and also the iron law!

But today, this iron law was broken by Ye Yuan!

This kind of thing was seriously too shocking.

Long Xiaochun and the rest opened their mouths wide, eyes full of disbelief.

“The vast universe, I am Heaven! Chaos Essence Single Breath Sword!”

Ye Yuan’s entire state finally climbed to his peak state, reaching an incomparably profound and mysterious realm.

The way Long Xun and the rest saw it, the current Ye Yuan was like the sovereign of this world.

Under such power, the Empyrean abyss monster quivered and did not even dare to escape.

One sword unleashing, it carried the power to obliterate heaven and decimate the earth. The Empyrean abyss monster directly turned to ashes, scattering and disappearing.

Picking up the tarnished black devil crystals, Ye Yuan was astonished. He said, “Well-deserving of being an Empyrean level tarnished black devil crystal, to actually still be able to maintain perfectly unscathed even against my Chaos Essence One Breath Sword. Empyrean level tarnished black devil crystals are indeed extraordinary!”

At present, Ye Yuan’s essence, energy, and spirit, the three paths were all already cultivated to the peak of Origin Pill Realm.

His state was also unprecedentedly harmonious.

He was already just a step away from the next realm.

With the Chaos Heavenspan Canon cultivating until this day, its extraordinary aspect was finally exhibited.

Other people were unable to fuse essence, energy, and spirit into one, but after his divine essence realm reached the peak Origin Pill Realm, essence, energy, and spirit three paths fused into one naturally.

And this state faintly echoed with the Origin Pill inside his divine sea, reaching a kind of delicate state.

It seemed like there was something that was going to break through the soil.

Ye Yuan understood that he was just missing an opportunity and he would be able to step into the next realm!

“Ye Yuan, how did you do it? I’ve never heard before of someone capable of fusing essence, energy, and spirit into one! If this piece of news is spread in the Heavenspan World, it will bound to stir up a bloody storm!”

Long Xiaochun’s face revealed a rare solemn expression.

She knew that the significance of this matter was too severe. If it was known by people, Ye Yuan would likely face extremely dangerous circumstances.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “Therefore, this matter can’t let people know! You guys should know what to do?”

His gaze swept across everyone’s faces. Long Xun and the rest trembled all over, immediately understanding something.

It was only to see Long Xun kneel on the ground with a thud. He then wailed pitifully. “Y-Your Excellency, spare my life! Little Xun was blind just now and didn’t see anything.”

With Long Xun taking the lead, the rest knelt on the ground one after another, wailing inordinately.

Ye Yuan could not help being speechless when he saw the situation and said, “When did I want your lives?”

Big Brother Xun was taken aback and said stammeringly, “Your Excellency’s meaning isn’t to have us end ourselves?”

Ye Yuan scolded laughingly, “Fool! Wanting to kill you all is merely a matter of snapping a finger. Do you think that I’d still talk so much crap with you all?”

It was still Long Zhaotian who was smart, immediately rejoicing and directly swearing a Heavenly Dao Oath. Furthermore, the oath was extremely vicious.

The others were enlightened, all following and swearing Heavenly Dao Oaths.

The gazes of Big Brother Xun and the rest when looking at Ye Yuan gradually turned to respect from fear.

If it were others, for the sake of their own safety, they would definitely kill them without the slightest hesitation.

Once this kind of thing spread to the Heavenspan World, it would surely cause an enormous shock.

The entire Heavenspan World would instantly fall into a mess.

At that time, probably even Dao Ancestors would be startled too. Ye Yuan would fall into endless pursuit.

Everyone would want to pry open Ye Yuan’s mouth and have him give an account on how to fuse essence, energy, and spirit.

But Ye Yuan did not!

This kind of lord was worth following!

Long Xiaochun also had her palm towards the sky, preparing to swear a deadly oath, but she was stopped by Ye Yuan.

“You don’t need to sweat it,” Ye Yuan said coolly.

Long Xiaochun said uncertainly, “Why?”

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “A person who entered the Dragon Eye Cave without hesitation for a brother, what can I not trust about the person?”

Long Xiaochun smiled sweetly and patted Ye Yuan’s shoulder as she said, “Good bro! But ... my Heavenly Dao Oath still has to be sworn. Furthermore ... they all have to die! Ye Yuan, the implications of this matter are too great.”

With Long Xiaochun saying this, the hearts of Long Xun and the rest that had just been set at ease immediately tensed up again.

Although they swore a deadly oath and there was naturally Heavenly Dao restricting it, swearing a Heavenly Dao Oath had its risks after all. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

If someone divulged Ye Yuan’s intel at the risk of certain death, then the consequences were too ghastly to imagine.

However, Ye Yuan shook his head firmly and said, “When I, Ye Yuan, do things, I naturally have my own reason! Long Xun they all have no grudge nor enmity with me. Killing people to silence them, this sort of thing, I, Ye Yuan, can’t do it! Don’t bring this matter up anymore!”

With Ye Yuan saying so, Long Xun and the rest felt warm in their hearts.

This boss of theirs was truly different from the rest

Even Long Xiaochun, this kind of person with pure thoughts, wanted to kill people to silence them permanently. It could be imagined how severe this matter was.

However, Ye Yuan did not make a move against them without the slightest hesitation.

“Your Excellency rest assured, even if I, Little Xun, dies, I also won’t divulge a clue!” Long Xun said firmly.

“Your Excellency, Little Tian would rather die than to talk about this matter!

“Your Excellency, me too!”

... ...

Everyone scrambled to get a word in, but their expressions had an unprecedented solemness.

By the side, Long Xiaochun was stunned. She was very clear about these people’s temperament.

Being opportunistic, being adept at currying favor, cravenly clinging onto life instead of braving death.

All in all, Long Xiaochun failed to see some advantages from them.

But until now, these people’s faces had an unprecedented solemness. Clearly, it came from the bottom of their hearts.

“However, the prerequisite is that we can go out!” Long Xun suddenly thought of something as he said bitterly.

In this Dragon Eye Cave, wanting to get out was far too difficult.

Not going out, even if they knew an astonishing secret, it was impossible to divulge it either.

Even if they wanted to leak it, there was nowhere to leak it too.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “You all rest assured, I’ll find a spatial rift and bring you all out!”

The moment these words came out, everyone trembled all over.

“Your Excellency, you really have a way?” Long Xun said in disbelief.

“Y-Your Excellency, this kind of thing can’t be joked around!” Long Zhaotian also said with an agitated look.

Ye Yuan said confidently, “Of course, but ... I have to break through to the Empyrean Realm first!”