Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2216: Dao Pill!

“T-The aura of Dao!”

Ji Mo looked at the golden medicinal pill that was suspending quietly. His eyes were full of shock, and he felt that his throat was somewhat dry.

The golden medicinal pill was extremely dazzling, glaring until all the Empyreans could not open their eyes.

The undulations coming off of the medicinal pill made everyone’s faces change drastically!

They had never seen before such an aura from a medicinal pill.

This kind of aura was incomparably deep, incomparably vast, as if ... facing the entire Heavenly Dao.

It was as if that was not a medicinal pill, but ... a world!

Empyrean Pilljade’s expression changed wildly and he said in shock, “This ... This is the aura of the Great Dao. Why would there be the aura of the Great Dao in a medicinal pill?”

“What kind of medicinal pill is this? Why would there be such a miraculous undulation!”

“Too bizarre! What in the world did this guy do?”

... ...

The Empyreans present were all shocked, being speechless.

This medicinal pill that Ye Yuan refined already completely surpassed their understanding.

There was a trace of Dao accumulations hidden in the medicinal pill, this was common knowledge.

But Dao accumulations and the aura of Great Dao, that was two totally different things!

The Great Dao aura, which was the source of Dao, was the most fundamental rule of this world.

Why were Dao Ancestors powerful?

Because they obtained the recognition of the source of Dao, controlling the rules in a region!

And Dao accumulations were just like a firefly in front of the Great Dao source.

“Won’t be wrong! Although the aura of the Dao is still very weak ... this medicinal pill already touched the borders of Dao pill! Hiss ... worthy of being the person that Master chose, truly terrifying!”

Ji Mo looked at Ye Yuan and drew a cold breath, forcefully calming his heart down.

The Empyreans present all did not know what this medicinal pill signified.

But he knew!

This medicinal pill represented that Ye Yuan would enter the ranks of the top alchemists in this world!

He would advance shoulder to shoulder with Medicine Ancestor and Sacred Ancestor High Priest!

And this also represented the superlative of the Heavenspan World’s Alchemy Dao.

This kind of medicinal pill was called ‘Dao pill’ by Sacred Ancestor High Priest!

Dao pill surmounted above divine pill, standing on par with Heavenly Dao!

There were so many Eight-star Alchemy Gods in the Heavenspan World, but why did Medicine Ancestor and Sacred Ancestor High Priest tower above all life?

He, High Priest Stardrive, was also a late-stage Eight-star peerless expert, but he was also unable to be mentioned in the same breath with them!

The reason was because of Dao pill.

That was another level of alchemy skills and already dissociated from the level of divine pills. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

However, regardless of whether it was the Medicine Ancestor or Sacred Ancestor High Priest, they were both unable to refine a true ‘Dao pill’.

Otherwise, the Medicine Ancestor would not be the Medicine Ancestor, but simply a Dao Ancestor.

But on this step, clearly, these two major powers could walk in the front.

That was a mysterious and hard to fathom realm, a boundary that made people captivated!

Only the Sacred Ancestor’s students knew the profound secrets involved in this.

Ji Mo knew that at present, the alchemists that could refine the embryonic form of a Dao pill in this Heavenspan World, the number definitely did not surpass the number of fingers.

Each one of them was a heaven-shocking important figure.

But now, they would probably have to include Ye Yuan!

Although the aura of Dao contained inside this medicinal pill was still very weak, this kind of feeling would not be wrong.

Everyone did not know the tumultuous waves in Ji Mo’s heart. But this golden-colored Chaos Samsara Pill was already enough to make them shocked.

Ye Yuan reached his hand out and beckoned, the Chaos Samsara Pill came into his hand.

Without the slightest hesitation, Ye Yuan directly swallowed it.

The body that was originally a pool of stagnant water immediately raged like a storm!

Rumble!

The berserk spiritual energy undulations billowed to the sky with Ye Yuan as the center. Limitless spiritual energy gathered over crazily.

Ye Yuan was like a bottomless chasm, devouring spiritual energy crazily.

While within his body, the chaos world that was originally in fragmented pieces actually displayed great vitality once more like a withered tree that came back to life!

Chaos Samsara Pill was like a delicate tinker, starting to restore Ye Yuan’s chaos world little by little.

No one understood what Ye Yuan experienced in these several decades.

To the peerless powerhouses that frequently fought until the sky was rent asunder and the earth split open, and the mountain and rivers flowed in reverse, concerning the squabbles between mortals, they considered it completely beneath their notice.

No one thought much about those most, most basic things. They felt that those were all trash and should be eliminated.

But Ye Yuan did not think so!

One will never achieve their goals without doing things a step at a time.

No matter how grand the move, no matter how great the strength, it was put together and formed from bit by bit of foundation.

He grew up like this and also demanded others to grow like this.

During these several dozens of years, Ye Yuan instinctively ran through those Alchemy Dao records that those experts cast aside like a pair of worn-out shoes systematically.

He lost his memories and could not remember alchemy things at all.

Whatever Sacred Ancestor High Priest’s legacy, whatever Heavenly Empyrean Immortal Grove’s inheritance, he forgot all of them cleanly!

All of his reliance was his own instincts!

His alchemy talent, his alchemy instincts, the alchemy strength that he tempered thoroughly.

Bit by bit, little by little, it accumulated to an extremely terrifying level.

All the way until Lin Changqing appeared, pushing Ye Yuan to his limits, he achieved mastery through a comprehensive study of the subject, and finally stepped into the middle-stage Dao Realm with one step.

At present, what kind of realm did his Alchemy Dao reach? Even he himself did not know either.

But he knew that he was very strong!

Indescribably strong!

So what if the world crumbled?

So what if divine essence was completely lost?

I’ll refine pills and restore all of them!

This Chaos Samsara Pill was the grand achievement work that his Alchemy Dao gathered!

The horrifying energy undulation continued for a full three days and nights.

Ye Yuan was like a heaven-devouring behemoth, swallowing heaven and earth spiritual energy greedily.

Three days later, Ye Yuan slowly opened both eyes, brilliant light radiating!

Not only did this ‘quasi Dao pill’ restore his chaos world fully, it even let his strength scale new heights!

At present, he already stepped into the middle-stage Chao Realm!

During this period, Empyrean Pilljade and the rest were akin to sitting on pins and needles.

They really wanted to make a move to interrupt Ye Yuan’s refinement. They wanted to stop Ye Yuan from recovering his strength.

But, with High Priest Stardrive this major power watching at one side, they did not dare to do anything at all.

Of course, what shocked them even more was that Ye Yuan really recovered!

A martial artist whose world shattered actually recovered his strength miraculously!

Would this sort of thing really happen?

But it happened right before their eyes!

“This ... What kind of medicinal pill is this, to actually be able to let a shattered world come back to life! Impossible! Why haven’t I heard of such a medicinal pill before?!”

“Too terrifying! This guy’s alchemy strength is absolutely the number one person among Seven-stars!”

“This boy is simply a freak!”

... ...

The Southern Border Alliance Empyreans were all shocked speechless.

Actually, all the way until just now, they were not willing to believe that Ye Yuan was really able to recover.

But the reality was often quite cruel!

Seeing Ye Yuan’s strength recover fully, Heavenly Eagle Imperial City cheered with jubilation.

This was their lord, their omnipotent lord!

Ye Yuan looked at Empyrean Pilljade and said with a cold smile, “Pilljade, I wonder who’s the trash now?”