Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2255: Pinnacle Showdown!

Ye Yuan rampaging in all directions finally made those Heavenly Emperors abruptly startle awake.

They finally realized that the peak heavenly emperor spirit treasure was not so easy to get!

This young man’s strength in Formation Dao was already stronger than even the vast majority of Eight-star Formation Gods.

The only thing he lacked was cultivation realm.

But, on Eight Void Mountain, this place where powerful restrictions were spread out all over the hills and dales. Cultivation realm was directly overlooked.

The restrictions here were too strong!

Whoever could make good use of the restrictions here, whoever would be the king here!

Those able to cultivate to Heavenly Emperor Realm, none were fools.

They got carried away by the peak heavenly emperor spirit treasure previously and also thought that Ye Yuan’s realm was low and easy to bully. That was why they would throw caution to the wind and rush up.

Now, they all knew that Ye Yuan was not some soft persimmon but a tough rock.

While they themselves were eggs that would break with a bump.

Everyone spread out, making way for a path.

But Ye Yuan’s speed of climbing the mountain did not become faster. Instead, it became slower.

Heavenly Eye three people were looking like they were about to catch up.

Everyone had strange looks. Only then did they know that they had become cannon fodders without rhyme or reason.

“I suddenly realized that this guy didn’t care at all whether or not there were people fencing him in!”

“What the f*ck! Those who died are so wronged!” Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

“This kid is comprehending formations himself. In the end, we ran up to let him practice. Messing around for so long, we’re all air ...”

... ...

At this very moment, the Heavenly Emperors on the mountain had an impulse to vomit blood.

Only at this time did they understand that it was Ye Yuan himself who slowed him, and not them hindering Ye Yuan’s footsteps.

Heavenly Emperor Heavenly Eye three people went up the steps. In a twinkle, there was only a distance of over 100 feet.

Shui Yuan smiled coldly and said, “Fine lad, you don’t think anything of us at all!”

His voice had yet to fade when a stream of divine essence passed through multiple restrictions and landed beside them.

Heavenly Emperor Heavenly Eye snapped his fingers and annihilated it.

“Fine lad, this is provoking this emperor! Very well, this Deva wants to see how much capability you have, and whether or not you’re qualified to challenge this Deva!”

Heavenly Emperor Heavenly Eye gave a cold cry and returned a blow with a backhand.

Ye Yuan’s fingertips pointed, resolving it easily.

The two people’s showdown in magical abilities officially began!

Both parties were still climbing the mountain continuously, transforming restrictions around them non-stop.

While between them, it was separated by a distance of over a hundred feet. At the same time, they were also separated by quite a few layers of restrictions.

With a moment of carelessness, not only would one fail to harm their opponent, but they would also instead turn themselves to ashes.

One stream of divine essence after another fired out continuously. Both parties’ hand movements became faster and faster, making people see things in a blur.

Watching the situation from the side, those Formation Dao grandmasters were all dumbstruck with amazement.

The Formation Dao strength that the two exhibited currently simply took people’s breath away in wonder.

Every move and stance was incredibly ingenious.

This kind of ingenuity was completely different from martial art moves.

That was the understanding of Formation Dao, understanding of Eight Void Mountain’s restrictions.

While at this time, Heavenly Emperor Heavenly Eye finally displayed the fearsome strength of a Deva Realm formation path master!

An existence such as him already pried into the source of Formation Dao, his strength being formidable until it made people despair.

Ye Yuan virtually did not have much strength to fight back under his coercion.

In the beginning, Ye Yuan could still contend with Heavenly Eye as an equal.

But along with the passage of time, Ye Yuan’s defensive ring got smaller and smaller.

Previously, the restrictions that Ye Yuan left behind made Heavenly Emperor Heavenly Eye succumb. It was because Heavenly Emperor Heavenly Eye harbored underestimation, coupled with the ingenuity of Ye Yuan’s skills.

Actually, there was suspicion of resorting to trickery.

The might of Deva Realm was simply unimaginable!

Currently, both parties clashing head-on with the gloves off, Heavenly Emperor Heavenly Eye unleashed his powerful strength to the fullest expression of its beauty and form, astounding everyone!

This was the oppression of cultivation realm!

“Heh, reckless and blind punk, he probably doesn’t know that the place Fellow Daoist Heavenly Eye attained the Dao is Eight Void Mountain! Back then, he gained enlightenment on Formation Dao at Eight Void Mountain, becoming a formation path grandmaster in one stroke. Later, he even relied on heavenly eye and Formation Dao to transcend the Deva blight tribulation. How can he be placed in the same category as an Empyrean Realm brat?” Shui Yuan said with a disdainful look.

Walking along this way, they repeatedly suffered losses.

All the way until Heavenly Eye overwhelmed Ye Yuan at this time that they finally had a feeling of exaltation upon fulfillment.

Logically speaking, they were all old monsters who had made a name for themselves for a long time and should not be so enraged.

But along the way, they were led by the nose by an Empyrean Realm junior, and seriously could not refrain from exploding anymore.

Lonesoul also smiled coldly and said, “Fellow Daoist Heavenly Eye knows the restrictions below 3000 miles like the back of his hand. Does this brat think that by comprehending Dao this short while, he can rival a Deva Realm? Too naive!”

When those Eight-star Formation Gods saw this scene, each and every one of them marveled endlessly, feelings of worship arising spontaneously.

“Heavenly Emperor Heavenly Eye is too strong! He’s really walking about amidst the restrictions pretty much like in his own backyard.”

“It’s a pity. That kid’s talent is exceedingly high. It’s just that facing a genuine powerhouse, he’s still too young and inexperienced!”

“Tsk tsk, if I can reach Heavenly Emperor Heavenly Eye’s heights one day, I can die without regrets!”

... ...

The might that Heavenly Emperor Heavenly Eye exhibited was the kind of power that made people suffocate. It was strength accumulated over countless years.

Although they marveled at Ye Yuan’s Formation Dao strength and talent, all this was futile in front of absolute strength.

Even Riverword’s face was ashen too, a look of terror on his face.

In front of such formidable strength, he could not see any hope.

Ye Yuan’s defensive range was already being suppressed to the extreme.

The three of them were akin to a candling flickering in the wind; possible to extinguish at any time.

At this very moment, Riverword even felt that Ye Yuan was somewhat pompous!

Correct, it was ‘pompous’ this word!

They thought that Ye Yuan was too confident in himself, thinking that he could match wits with a Deva Realm powerhouse by relying on array formations, even taking the initiative to provoke Heavenly Eye.

But now, he had his face slapped by Heavenly Eye’s powerful strength.

Just now, if he was not self-conceited and went upwards to flee for his life, there might be no chances of survival.

But now, they were already latched onto by Heavenly Emperor Heavenly Eye. Even if they wanted to go, they could not leave either.

Riverword acknowledged that Ye Yuan’s talent was terrifying. But it was precisely this terrifying talent that let him lose sight of who he really was, and that he was somewhat ignorant.

He forgot that he was just over 2000 years old and was only at the Empyrean Realm!

How could the might of a Deva be provoked?

Actually, what everyone did not know was the shock in Heavenly Eye’s heart!

The shock in his heart was already unable to use words to describe.

Both parties’ showdown in magical abilities was quick until it made people see things in a blur.

In an instant, they could even fire out ten thousand streams of divine essence to set off restrictions.

They changed positions non-stop, arriving among new restrictions continuously.

This kind of switching required incomparably powerful deduction and computational ability.

One could say that the two of their brains were currently like two teraflops supercomputers operating at full power. They would have to experience countless mathematical calculations every second.

But the problem was, he, Heavenly Eye, was long already thoroughly familiar with these restrictions.

While it was Ye Yuan’s first time coming into contact with these restrictions!

In the instant of switching restrictions, Ye Yuan already completely cracked the next restriction. That was how he could accomplish a seamless switch.

Otherwise, as long as there was a bit of slip-up, he would catch the oversight and directly annihilate the other party!

But up until now, he did not find any careless oversights!

This brat’s computational ability was too terrifying!

But fortunately, along with the restrictions getting more and more complex, Ye Yuan’s ability was clearly falling somewhat short of his wishes.