Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2263: What You Grasped Was Merely the Past Me!

Within the hall, countless swords interwove to form a tight web, enveloping over toward Uncle Song.

Empyrean spirit treasures were nothing in front of Heavenly Emperors.

In fact, their casual blows could annihilate Empyrean spirit treasures.

But a sword formation formed out of a thousand Empyrean spirit treasures was absolutely an unprecedentedly grand occasion!

“Thousand Absolute Extinction Sword Formation, kill!”

Ye Yuan gave a cold cry, soul force pouring out frantically, controlling the flying swords to charge toward Uncle Song.

This was one of the trump cards that Ye Yuan prepared!

After seven years of enlightenment, Ye Yuan’s Formation Dao attainments already shocked even Deva Realm powerhouses.

How powerful was the sword formation that he comprehended?

This sword formation was formed by thousands of peak Empyrean spirit treasures. Its power was even more extraordinary.

Presently, Ye Yuan sat on 60% of the Southern Border’s profits, his wealth rivaling a nation.

Before coming, he spent a huge sum of money and bought 1024 flying swords from the Myriad Treasure Tower in one go through Empyrean Flutterfeather.

At that time, it scared Empyrean Flutterfeather badly.

This trump card could be said to be Ye Yuan’s strongest ace in the hole at the moment!

This move fused Formation Dao source and Sword Dao source. The might of its power could already rival Heavenly Emperors!

A thousand flying swords turned into one streak of light after another

Eight-mark Heavenly Dao Realm, how powerful was it?

Dao marks glimmered indeterminately on Uncle Song’s body, who already unleashed all of his abilities, attempting to rush out of the sword web.

But he could not charge out at all.

Although his attacks were powerful, this sword formation was like a quagmire. His strength was instantly cut into countless pieces.

Formation Dao source plus Sword Dao source was not so easy to crack.

If this move matched up against Empyreans, it was basically an instant kill.

No matter how monstrous your strength was, there was also absolutely no possibility of surviving!

In virtually an instant, a berserk power leveled the entire City Lord Manor to the ground.

Heavenly Emperor level battle was not what an Empyrean level city lord manor could contend with at all.

Ye Yuan’s speed was swift to the extreme, directly circling around Uncle Song, and charging over toward Rong Xiyue.

It was quicker than words could convey.

From Ye Yuan suddenly making a move to releasing the sword formation, then to Ye Yuan sneak attacking Rong Xiyue, it was merely a matter of an instant.

Rong Xiyue thought that victory was within grasp but did not expect that Ye Yuan broke through Uncle Song in a blink of an eye, and arrived in front of her, scaring her until she turned pale from fear, and turned tail and ran.

However, Rong Xiyue’s contingency was clearly more than just this.

In the instant the city lord manor turned to dust, three powerful to the extreme auras appeared once more, arriving with a howl!

Three human Heavenly Emperor powerhouses!

These three great Heavenly Emperors were all the Deathsoul Gate’s upper echelons, all summoned by Rong Xiyue to deal with Ye Yuan.

But they had not made a move yet and Ye Yuan already struck first to gain the advantage.

The nearby space was sealed off. They were unable to teleport over and instead had Ye Yuan take the initiative.

Getting caught in one’s own trap was talking about this, right?

But Heavenly Emperors were Heavenly Emperors after all. With the three people’s speed, they were swift to the extreme, virtually rushing over in a blink of an eye.

The three people each unleashed a big move. Terrifying power directly sent the houses within a radius of several miles all flying.

Three great Heavenly Emperors relieving the besieged by besieging the besiegers, attacking the key points that Ye Yuan must defend, only to strive for a bit of time.

Ye Yuan was in space and unable to save himself at all. He could only forcefully withstand this blow.

But right then, a golden bow suddenly appeared in Ye Yuan’s hands. The momentum in the field changed again!

An aura of Great Dao made the group of Heavenly Emperors change expressions abruptly.

“Dao artifact!” The three great Heavenly Emperors as well as Rong Xiyue were all extremely shocked when they saw the Limitless God Killing Bow.

Ye Yuan did not have the slightest hesitation, crying out loudly, “Sword come!”

Bow arched, sword notched!

A terrifying surge of power instantly thrashed out!

Presently, Ye Yuan already broke through to become an Eighth Firmament Empyrean. His divine essence reserve was more than ten times stronger compared to before.

The power of this arrow was also formidable to the extreme.

What was even more fatal was that the three great Heavenly Emperors were too close to Ye Yuan!

In the past, Heavenly Emperor Heavenly Eye was several million miles away and was even seriously injured by this arrow, let alone these three people?

It was only to hear a loud bang. The three great Heavenly Emperors spurted a mouthful of fresh blood wildly, figures directly being blasted flying out.

But Ye Yuan borrowed the recoil force and flew even faster towards Rong Xiyue.

“Heretic Dragon Dominating Space!”

Only to hear a dragon roar, the spirit of a true dragon suddenly descended, a foot stepping down.

Rumble!

Rong Xiyue hurriedly turned around to block, but with her strength, how could she be Ye Yuan’s match?

This foot directly kicked her until she spewed fresh blood wildly.

Ye Yuan hurriedly caught up, hands moving like lightning, thoroughly sealing Rong Xiyue away before letting out a long sigh in relief.

From him making a move until now, merely two breaths of time passed.

Everything developed too quickly.

Ye Yuan virtually used all of his trump cards in an instant.

Trapping the divine race, defeating Heavenly Emperors, imprisoning the Divine Daughter!

All of the actions were completed in one go!

Ye Yuan dispelled the sword formation, his entire person already like he was hauled out of the water, long already drenched completely.

These two breaths of time practically exhausted all of his strength.

Rong Xiyue looked at Ye Yuan with a look of astonishment, her face not daring to believe it.

How did he do it?

An Empyrean Realm powerhouse defeated four Heavenly Emperor experts in a blink of an eye and captured her.

This sort of thing was really too inconceivable.

Uncle Song looked at the ghastly wounds on his body and drew a cold breath.

A human Empyrean used a sword formation and hurt him!

Before this, Her Highness Divine Daughter said that one must not lower their guard when dealing with Ye Yuan, and they had to bet it all on one throw.

Hence, Rong Xiyue redeployed three of the Deathsoul Gate’s Heavenly Emperor experts from various places.

Toward Rong Xiyue’s way of doing things, he still felt very disdainful at that time.

Just a mere Empyrean brat, with him around, was it worth kicking up such a big fuss over nothing?

However, Rong Xiyue told him that the clan was currently in need of manpower.

Otherwise, she would deploy Second Firmament Heavenly Emperors, even Third Firmament Heavenly Emperor powerhouses over!

But earlier, Ye Yuan used two breaths of time to tell him that their kicking up of a fuss was still not enough!

This human was completely different from the humans in his impression!

“I ... I still underestimated you! Your strength improved too quickly!” Rong Xiyue said with a bitter smile.

She had always paid a lot of attention to Ye Yuan, and she could be said to know all about him. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Ye Yuan made a grand display of invincible might at the Southern Border, fighting until the Southern Border Alliance threw away their helmet and coat of mail in utter disarray. So how could she be unaware?

Spatial law, Heavenly Dao True Word, so on and so forth, she knew all about it.

Therefore, she made meticulously done preparations to lure Ye Yuan over this time.

But it still failed.

Ye Yuan captured her alive under the besiegement of four great Heavenly Emperors!

Ye Yuan’s terrifying sword formation as well as Dao artifact far exceeded her expectations.

She wanted to capture Ye Yuan, but she did not expect to throw herself in.

Ye Yuan’s palm pressed at the back of Rong Xiyue, and he said calmly, “Actually, before I came, I didn’t have confidence either. But after seeing you, I felt confident in my heart. You want to show off in front of me, and wash away the humiliation of yesteryear. You thought that you grasped everything and understood everything about me, but you don’t know that my strength is improving every minute, every second.”

“What you grasped was merely the past me!”