Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2311: Overpowering Cloudheart Realm!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Only all the way until this moment did everyone suddenly startle awake. Second Sage’s two disciples actually both reached the finals!

It was not that they were not strong, but it was that the two of them, their sense of existence were truly too weak.

Each alchemy battle, they won without the slightest exciting aspect.

Coupled with that the alchemy battles were carried out inside the Emperor Vast Pagoda, there was no directly viewing feeling.

Therefore, they appeared much more ‘mediocre’ compared to the other young powerhouses.

Only all the way until Yun Yi and Ning Siyu both reached the finals did everyone awaken from a dream.

It turned out that this Myriad Region Alchemy Conference was actually because of the showdown between Cloudheart Realm and Second Sage in the end.

Ning Siyu’s opponent was similarly a Cloudheart Realm powerhouse.

This shock was by no means insignificant!

Especially those holy lands’ ancestors, each and every one of them was shocked to the extreme.

The master being strong could be understood.

After all, Ye Yuan was a rare genius.

But why were his disciples also so strong?

To say that the Heavenspan World’s alchemy circle was big, it was not big. Saying that it was small, it was not small either.

The young generation’s outstanding geniuses, these ancestors could all call their names.

The performance of those geniuses also did not let these ancestors down, each and every one of them very outstanding.

But only when it reached the finals did the ancestors discover that those geniuses whose names could be called suffered crushing defeats one after another, gotten rid of by Yun Yi and Ning Siyu one by one.

The process was too plain. No one paid attention to it.

It was just like boiling a frog in warm water. When the frog discovered that the water temperature was high, it could no longer jump out.

The ancestors felt a chill run down their backs. Their gazes when looking toward Ye Yuan again were like looking at a monster.

Each and every one of them was extremely puzzled, not understanding how Ye Yuan did it.

Even if Ye Yuan had been teaching his disciples in these close to 3000 years, it was also impossible to have such a terrifying result, right?

After all, teaching apprentices was different from cultivating oneself.

The vagueness of Dao could only be understood and not imparted with words.

The starting point of the master being high, they could give guidance to disciples from a commanding height.

But fully passing on one’s Dao to their disciples could not be done at all.

Then the problem came. How did Ye Yuan do it?

They naturally did not understand that Ye Yuan never talked about whatever fleeting and ephemeral allegory, making his disciples go comprehend.

His method of teaching apprentices was only one word, practice!

Read books a hundred times, the meaning could be seen for oneself!

Practicing over and over again, practicing foundational skills.

The basic skills that others cast aside like a pair of worn-out shoes, were regarded as a holy scripture in the Pill Tower.

In the Pill Tower, as long as the alchemist could be patient and not tire of cultivation, their strength would not be poor.

While Yun Yi and Ning Siyu were precisely the best among them!

Of course, the Pill Tower also did not just practice, practice, and practice blindly.

The harder they practiced, the more problems they encountered during cultivation as well. Ye Yuan would naturally answer them one by one.

All in all, the Pill Tower already established a powerful and comprehensive alchemist nurturing system.

But the core of this system was still diligent practice.

No one could succeed casually!

For Yun Yi and Ning Siyu to be able to achieve fame overnight in one battle, the hard work that they put in at the back, it was extremely hard for normal people to imagine.

As for their master Ye Yuan, it naturally went even more without saying.

Zou Rui was extremely shocked in his heart. His strength far surpassed his peers and he did not care about who his opponent was at all.

But among the opponents in the finals that he imagined, there was absolutely no Yun Yi.

His thoughts were the same as the world, same as his grandmaster.

Ye Yuan being formidable did not mean that his disciples were formidable.

But the fact was, his disciples were too formidable. They were simply duplicates of Ye Yuan.

“You seem very surprised,” Yun Yi said smilingly.

“Indeed a little, but whoever the opponent is, is the same to me. It’s just that you and your junior apprentice sister are really shameless, deliberately hiding your strength and making your opponents underestimate you guys,” Zou Rui said.

Yun Yi extended two fingers and said with a smile, “Firstly, Senior Apprentice Sister Nine is my senior apprentice sister, not junior apprentice sister. Secondly, we didn’t intentionally hide our strength. Master told us that each alchemist has their strong points, and he makes us learn their strong points well. Including you, it’s the same too.”

Zou Rui laughed loudly when he heard that and said, “Utter nonsense! The strong reigns supreme. What right as a weakling have to be senior apprentice sister? Also, only the strong are worth learning from, what’s there to learn from the weak?”

In all of the holy lands, it was all the strong that reigned supreme.

As long as one’s strength was strong enough, they could replace them.

Ning Siyu’s strength was inferior to Yun Yi, but she could be the senior apprentice sister? Wasn’t this ridiculous?

Also, what was worth learning from the weak?

Only the strong had shining points on them!

So these words sounded like messing around to Zou Rui.

Yun Yi shrugged and said coolly, “As long as you’re happy.”

He knew that others could not accept it. In reality, he himself also could not accept it at first.

However, Ye Yuan talked about his experiences in Cloudmarsh City. Only then did Yun Yi they all know that it was really the case.

The weak points of the losers were magnified infinitely, resulting in covering up the strong points.

Only by possessing a magnanimous heart could one see the strong points from others, and draw it over for their own use.

Ye Yuan himself walked over like this. He also taught his disciples how to walk like this.

Zou Rui’s face turned black, and he said in a solemn voice, “It doesn’t matter. This battle, I want you to suffer a crushing defeat!”

The finals started very quickly. Zou Rui’s strength was indeed powerful. He was simply a weak version of Heavenly Emperor Distantbook. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The moment he came up, he put tremendous pressure on Yun Yi.

But Yun Yi also finally exhibited his full strength in this fight.

The Myriad Region Alchemy Conference, walking this entire road, Yun Yi also grew a lot.

Facing the powerful Zou Rui, he did not shrink back at all.

The two people battled for three days and nights. The quality of Yun Yi’s medicinal pill finally still suppressed Zou Rui’s.

While on the other side, Ning Siyu also defeated Cloudheart Realm’s other person with a slight advantage.

Everyone was shocked!

Even though before this, the various holy lands cast covetous eyes towards Medicine Ancestor’s handwritten notes, the various great ancestors were clear in their hearts that it was very hard.

Cloudheart Realm’s strength was not just because of a Medicine Ancestor.

The might accumulated over countless years was overwhelming in any generation!

Even though Cloudheart Realm already had not taken action for many years, no one doubted their might.

But they lost!

Ye Yuan master and disciples three people overpowered Cloudheart Realm!

Heavenly Emperor Distantbook must be paying attention to this place. He had once boasted in front of Ye Yuan that his grand-pupil was the young generation’s number one person.

Now, this face was slapped resoundingly!

The number one person lost!

Grandmaster lost, grand-pupil also lost.

No one thought of this conclusion.

If Ye Yuan defeating Heavenly Emperor Distantbook was still just his victory alone, then what kind of concept was the three of them defeating their opponents at the same time?

This was an all-round surpassing others!

If the master and disciples three people flew together after several years, what had it still got to do with Cloudheart Realm?

These master and disciples three people overturned the entire alchemy world’s power balance.

Too terrifying!

Zou Rui looked like he was battered out of his senses, he was unable to accept this outcome.

Before this, he kept thinking about avenging his grandmaster and ruthlessly humiliating Yun Yi.

But who knew that he actually lost!

His strength overwhelmed his peers and he had never found a match among peers.

But today, he was defeated by a peer.

All of his pride was shattered to pieces the moment the furnaces were opened!