Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Chapter 2350: Entering the God of War Golden List!

Redleaf did not know when Ye Yuan left, her entire person was still in a dazed state.

The price of one Jade True Sword was 300 over points. 1000 over was more than 300 thousand!

Ye Yuan paid close to 400 thousand god of war points in one go, and he purchased more than a thousand Jade True Swords!

This was really a huge splurge!

This young man who had already disappeared for close to 890 years and had never appeared on the god of war points, where did he get so many god of war points?

One had to know having 300 thousand god of war points was already sufficient to rank in the top 1000.

The God of War Golden List’s ranking, the closer to the front, the greater the difference in god of war points.

Just like Wan Zhen who was in the first place currently, his god of war points reached more than three million!

This was an extremely terrifying number, a figure that made virtually all of the unpredictable children feel despair.

The only one who could threaten him was only Zhang Lian.

But even Zhang Lian currently only had over 2.4 million; this was a full 500 thousand over god of war points worse than Wan Zhen.

The god of war points in the top ten of the God of War Golden list were basically all above one million too.

Existences like Wan Zhen had never died before since entering the Primeval War Realm until now.

900 over years of accumulation, that was no joke.

Actually, Ye Yuan had merely only come out for three years.

These three years’ time, he was hunting fierce beasts in the Myriad Beast Battle Plain.

Several hundred years of gaining enlightenment on Dao, Ye Yuan’s realm already broke through to middle-stage World Realm.

If let others know that Ye Yuan obtained 400 thousand god of war points in a short three years, they would definitely be astounded with amazement.

This efficiency was simply too terrifying!

The Myriad Beast Battle Plain was a place that even the likes of Wan Zhen and Zhang Lian did not dare to easily step foot into.

“Yo, our son of time is going out of the city to earn points? Hahaha, having comprehended time law, you must be very formidable, right? Is ten years’ time enough?”

“Impressive, our son of time is going to counterattack! With 1.3 million over points, you can definitely enter the top ten! Buck up!”

“Haha,

son of time, ten years is enough, it can be used as a thousand years!”

... ...

Ye Yuan went out of the city. It was all taunting voices everywhere around him.

With regards to him, such a weird existence, everyone naturally turned their noses up in scorn.

Everyone entered in order to improve themselves and fight for the qualifications to enter the top ten.

But Ye Yuan was good, to actually waste all of his time on time law.

There were still ten years now, he suddenly ran out to earn god of war points, it really made people laugh their heads off.

As for time law, nobody thought that Ye Yuan comprehended it at all.

Want to comprehend, he would have long comprehended it. Yet, he comprehended it when it was about to end?

... ...

After leaving the city, Ye Yuan returned to the Myriad Beast Battle Plain once more.

A thousand peak heavenly emperor spirit treasures, under Ye Yuan’s control, how powerful was its might?

Ye Yuan already obtained 400 thousand points here without these heavenly emperor spirit treasures, let alone now.

After arriving at the Myriad Beast Battle Plain, Ye Yuan started his crazy plan for earning points.

There were very few people in the Myriad Beast Battle Plain. Those who dared to come here were mostly extremely strong, so not many people noticed Ye Yuan’s existence.

If somebody was here, they would discover that the flow of time around Ye Yuan was currently quietly changing.

The moment those fierce beasts entered a certain range, it was like they had fallen into a quagmire, allowing Ye Yuan to do as he pleased.

That was precisely the sign of time law!

Ye Yuan was able to earn god of war points so quickly in the Myriad Beast Battle Plain precisely because of time law!

Everyone thought that Ye Yuan wasted these few centuries. Who could have expected that he really comprehended time law?

With regards to the comprehension of time law, Ye Yuan had an advantage that no one else had.

He already learned the rudiments of time law to begin with. Coupled with Heavenly Dao True Word, Ye Yuan was not absolutely ignorant about time law.

But even so, time law was still the power of law that he spent the most time on so far.

Around roughly 400 years, Ye Yuan finally opened this door and started comprehending the law fragment.

However, it was not smooth-sailing for Ye Yuan when he was comprehending time law.

In the 400 years after that, only then did he slowly digest this small piece of time law.

Using close to 900 years’ time to go and comprehend a power of law, this was something that Ye Yuan had never encountered before.

It could be seen how great the difficulty of time law was.

There were indeed many unpredictable children in the Primeval War Realm.

But in terms of comprehension ability, none was superior to him!

Regardless of the power of law, Ye Yuan was the first to advocate it, comprehending the Chaos Heavenspan Canon, this heaven-defying existence of a cultivation method.

It was impossible for the likes of Wan Zhen and Pang Zhen to be stronger than him too.

No matter how powerful these geniuses were, their cultivation time was also several times, even several dozen times, several hundred times of Ye Yuan’s!

But, Ye Yuan used such a short time and comprehended a law that was even stronger than theirs.

Who was stronger and who was weaker was clear at a glance.

However, comprehending this small piece of time law fragment, Ye Yuan’s application of time law was only at the degree of one-to-five as well.

Right now, he could speed up the surrounding flow of time by five times, or reduce it by five times.

Although it was only this, Ye Yuan’s improvement in strength was far more than that.

His Sword Dao source, Formation Dao source, plus spatial law, were incomparably swift and fierce in the first place. Now, with the addition of the application of the speeding up and slowing down of time, the variations of his means would become even harder to ascertain.

When facing the enemy, his combat power would be even more terrifying.

It was also precisely so that Ye Yuan could be like fish in water in the powerful Myriad Beast Battle Plain.

... ...

Very soon, the God of War Golden List was released once more.

Because the time Ye Yuan returned to the city was only less than a year, he still did not make the list this time.

This way, it attracted even more mockery.

Close to a thousand years of accumulation, wanting to enter the rank of top 3000 now, roughly requiring only 100 thousand god of war points.

Ye Yuan merely entered the Myriad Beast Battle Plain for four to five months’ time, it was naturally impossible to attain so many god of war points.

However, it was already very close too.

“Huhu, only nine years left, this guy didn’t even make the top 3000, what a joke!” Jiang Zhe looked at the God of War Golden List and mocked.

“After nine years, I really want to take a look at his expression. This guy will be the laughingstock of the entire Heavenspan World!” Lin Zhan also said with a snicker.

Very soon, another year passed.

This time, Jiang Zhe could not laugh anymore.

“My eyes aren’t failing, right? This ... This ... one year’s time, he earned more than 100 thousand god of war points? It’s too fake!”

Jiang Zhe looked at the name on the God of War Golden List with a shocked expression on his face.

Ye Yuan, 159,842 god of war points, ranked No. 2745!

This name finally made it onto the God of War Golden List for the first time!

Ye Yuan’s name had long been resounding like the roar of thunder in Cloudaid City.

Everyone knew that there was such a fool who overestimated his own ability, spending all of his time on comprehending time law.

Falling behind others by 990 years, how could it be possible to catch up within a short time?

One had to know, the powerhouses who entered the top 3000 had gone through close to a thousand years of accumulation, before obtaining 100 thousand over god of war points!

But Ye Yuan only used one year and entered the top 3000?