Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2359: Welcome to Come Over

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

In virtually an instant, Ye Yuan was drowned by the five petals.

In fact, even his sword formation was submerged too.

Everyone opened their mouths wide and had shocked faces.

It could be played like this still?

Wasn’t this courting death?

Deriving myriad Dao, it could only be overcome by strength.

If Wan Zhen’s move had flaws, Ye Yuan could naturally break them through ingenuity.

But Wan Zhen’s move did not have flaws at all. It was perfect until there were no weaknesses to exploit!

Then, how terrifying was the power of the core area of this move?

Slightly using one’s brain to think and one would understand.

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!

Amidst the petal rain that filled the sky, a series of detonating sounds came over.

People could not see Ye Yuan’s figure at all, they only saw one streak of sword light after another appearing and disappearing again inside.

But when Pang Zhen saw this scene, his gaze turned sharp!

“What a formidable brat, to actually see through where the problem lies at a glance! Wan Zhen this move derives myriad Dao, wanting to crack it, there’s only from the inside! Although doing it like this, the danger is also several times greater! But, this is the only chance!” Pang Zhen said in shock.

Five elements developing Dao, continuous reproduction in an endless succession!

That was the power of Dao, even if it was Dao that had shrunk countless times smaller.

Wan Zhen’s strength did not lie in how strong his offensive power was, but precisely that he had no chinks in his armor.

No matter how you raged like a storm, how could you break my Dao?

Among these top-notch unpredictable children, to talk about whose offensive power was number one, that was definitely Pang Zhen.

But to talk about who was the most difficult to deal with, that was definitely Wan Zhen!

Even Pang Zhen also did not dare to easily make a move against Wan Zhen.

Wanting to defeat Wan Zhen, either break through with strength, such as a Deva Realm martial artist forcefully using cultivation realm to suppress him firmly.

Or it was collapsing from within!

Very clearly, Ye Yuan saw through where the problem lay at a glance.

But seeing through was one thing; whether he dared to enter was another thing.

The core of this move was not a glass bottle that broke at a touch, but was powerful until it made people despair instead!

Several powerful unpredictable children were all paying attention to the battle situation over here.

Seeing this scene, each and every one of them was extremely shocked.

“Ye Yuan is definitely dead this time! Evolving myriad Dao to form its own world, isn’t it seeking death for him to enter inside the world?”

“Heh heh, it’s indeed still Wan Zhen who’s a level stronger! Looks like him being able to obtain so many god of war points was purely due to the sword formation.”

“Something’s not quite right! Why do I see that Wan Zhen’s expression is becoming more and more serious?”

... ...

The crowd that was eating melons and who did not understand the truth naturally felt that Ye Yuan’s behavior was very foolish.

Strength determined the horizon!

Although they were all unpredictable children, the gap between these powerhouses in the city and the powerhouses inside the cage was too great!

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!

The explosion sounds became more and more intense, and increasingly horrifying.

That earth-shaking sound seemed to be one sledgehammer blow after another, striking onto people’s hearts.

Suddenly, the earth quaked and mountains swayed!

Those countless petals actually suddenly exploded at this time, shattering into pieces.

The horrifying energy undulation actually seeped out of the cage and reached the Primeval War Realm!

Immediately, mountains collapsed and the earth split apart!

This was the power of a Heavenly Emperor level powerhouse. The power was seriously too horrifying.

Wan Zhen spewed a mouthful of fresh blood wildly, letting out a muffled groan, his figure flying out backward.

While at this time, ten thousand streaks of sword light poured out, blinding everyone’s eyes.

That was Ye Yuan’s sword formation!

Everyone opened their mouths wide, looking at this scene with shocked faces.

Ye Yuan, he won?

Even the likes of Pang Zhen and Yu Tanzhi also had astonished expressions on their faces.

No one could have thought that Wan Zhen actually really lost.

Furthermore, he was defeated so quickly!

The current Ye Yuan appeared somewhat tousled, the wounds on his body shocking to behold.

Among his peers, those able to push him to this extent, Wan Zhen was still the first!

“What a terrifying sword formation! You already perfectly fused two great sources and the laws of time and space. This sword formation will definitely radiate with splendor in the future! What’s its name?” Wan Zhen clutched his wound and looked at Ye Yuan as he said in shock.

Just earlier, he already went all out, wanting to kill Ye Yuan.

But unfortunately, the power of Ye Yuan’s sword formation was too powerful!

Regardless of whether it was defense or offense, it was ridiculously strong! 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Sword Dao source was a law that was among one of the few with top offensive power to begin with. The laws of time and space were also perfectly fused inside, as well as the enhancement of Formation Dao source.

This move was too vague and too swift and fierce!

Such a move that no rivals in the same rank at all!

If not for him being three minor realms higher than Ye Yuan, he would have long lost.

He, would not have been able to receive even one of Ye Yuan’s strikes!

One had to know, three minor realms of Heavenly Emperor Realm, how big a gap was that?

Not talking about three, just one, was an insurmountable chasm to ordinary people!

But Ye Yuan leapfrogged three minor realms and defeated the top genius, Wan Zhen.

How could they not be shocked by this scene?

The sword light converged and hovered quietly around Ye Yuan.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “This formation is called true nirvana!”

Wan Zhen laughed loudly and said, “Haha, True Nirvana Sword Formation, a good name! I hope that this set of sword formation can defend the dignity of our human race!”

Ye Yuan’s expression turned somber, and he nodded his head seriously and said, “This Ye will do my best! Brother Ye, our battle ends here. How about it?”

Clearly, the two of them did not really determine the victor.

This move earlier, Ye Yuan did defeat Wan Zhen.

But Wan Zhen was notoriously difficult to deal with. It was not that easy of a matter for Ye Yuan to want to kill Wan Zhen.

The two of them appreciated each other and naturally were not willing to determine life and death right now. That way, they would miss the legacies.

“Haha, it should be that way! If we die now, wouldn’t it become a great tragedy in life?” Wan Zhen laughed loudly and said.

At this time, there were still roughly close to half of the powerhouses left inside the cage.

The death rate also became lower and lower.

The powerhouses from all areas were mostly in a melee.

Those weaker ones had basically already been eliminated in one round.

Those remaining were all powerhouses!

Seeing Ye Yuan turn around, those powerhouses close to him changed expressions one after another, hurriedly backing away.

Clearly, they were afraid.

The commotion caused by the two people’s showdown earlier was seriously too great.

Even though they examined their own conscience and felt that they were very strong, they were also not strong to such a degree.

Furthermore, they were extremely apprehensive of the True Nirvana Sword Formation.

The True Nirvana Sword Formation was strong but strong to what extent, only Wan Zhen who experienced it personally would know.

How could the rest dare to go and touch Ye Yuan?

Seeing the others’ cowering appearances, Ye Yuan could not help being speechless.

Ye Yuan did not like this kind of feeling. Even though he killed these people, they would not truly die.

He could challenge the strong, but with regards to the weak, as long as they did not come and provoke him, he really could not quite make his move.

After all, this was also their hope.

It was the hope of obtaining an inheritance!

Otherwise, why would they need to fight fervently here?

Ye Yuan shrugged and said, “You guys continue. I’ll rest for a while. Uh ... If anyone wants to come and kill me, you are most welcome to come over.”

Finished talking, he actually sat cross-legged and recovered his vitality on the spot.

The others exchanged glances and could not help being speechless.

This guy was posturing too hard, right?

But did they dare to go up and provoke Ye Yuan?

They did not dare!