Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2365: Got Character, I Like!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Countless sword lights shuttled through the void, blocking all of the attacks one by one.

However, this was merely just the beginning!

Ye Yuan started fighting back!

Swift and fierce sword energies were teeming everywhere in the entire cage.

Sword energy roamed unobstructed!

Under the augmentation of rank two Formation Dao source, the power of each sword was unimaginably strong.

Even the 17 children did not dare to easily clash head-on too.

Ye Yuan guarded against everyone’s attacks and started to slowly expand the sword formation outwards.

His expansion was neither too fast nor too slow, each step was taken extremely solidly.

“Can’t get wrapped into the sword formation by him! Otherwise, we’re all finished!” Pang Zhen roared wildly.

An unpredictable child said gloomily, “I know! But I can’t hold on anymore!”

They fought desperately, unleashing all of their hidden trump cards.

But they were still unable to stop the footsteps of Ye Yuan’s expansion.

Gradually, over 100 thousand swords completely occupied the entire cage, enveloping everything into the sword formation.

Upon entering the sword formation, the pressure on the 17 children increased sharply. They needed to defend against those illusory sword lights at any time.

A sword formation was a world!

Ye Yuan was the absolute the master of this place!

From the passive defending in the beginning, to taking the initiative to attack now, Ye Yuan already gradually eroded the other side’s advantage.

Now, the killing was about to begin!

Getting trapped in the True Nirvana Sword Formation, the unpredictable children were each isolated from one another and were unable to organize powerful attacks anymore.

Now, they could only defend passively!

Puchi!

Suddenly, countless sword lights pierced through an unpredictable child’s body. He was directly pierced into a sieve.

The first unpredictable child fell!

With the first, there was soon a second, third, and fourth.

The 17 children were decreasing one by one.

While the sense of fear was also gradually increasing.

The oppression that Ye Yuan brought on him was too strong!

This sword formation simply had no weakness to exploit!

Very soon, Ye Yuan placed most of his efforts on Yu Tanzhi.

Yu Tanzhi’s strength was very strong; almost equal to Wan Zhen.

But this guy deliberately drew aggro for him earlier, wanting to have everyone join hands to get rid of him.

This grudge, Ye Yuan would not forget it.

Since you wanted to make a move against me, then suffer the consequences of not getting into the top ten!

Suddenly, Yu Tanzhi felt the pressure increase sharply. How could he not understand what was going on?

Ye Yuan was intentionally targeting him!

Ye Yuan would rather let the others eke out a meager existence for a period of time than to give him the chance to enter the top ten!

Being targeted by Ye Yuan, Yu Tanzhi only felt a pressure that could topple mountains and overturn the seas coming at him head-on.

He urged his own power of laws to the extreme, unleashing all of his means. But his domain was still being eaten up bit by bit.

At this rate, he would undoubtedly die!

“Ye Yuan, this young noble acknowledges your strength! I don’t ask for anything else, just to be able to enter the top 11!” Yu Tanzhi said in a clear voice1.

Him saying these words was equivalent to yielding.

One million unpredictable children all sighed, the proud to the extreme Yu Tanzhi, actually opened his mouth to beg for mercy!

If it were before, they would not dare to imagine it at all.

Of course, they were also unable to imagine that Yu Tanzhi was actually unable to even enter the top 11.

What these final 19 people were fighting for, was the number one’s supreme inheritance!

In the end, Ye Yuan did not even give him the opportunity for the ten top inheritances!

Ye Yuan just smiled coldly when he heard that and said, “Does my strength need you to acknowledge? Also, are you stupid? My goal is to prevent you from entering the top 11. Such an obvious thing, can’t you tell? Just like you inciting everybody to surround and besiege me together.”

Yu Tanzhi wanted to vomit blood when he heard that, he did not expect that this guy actually showed such little regard for his face.

Could it be that he did not know who he was?

“Ye Yuan, don’t be too ruthless and we can meet on good terms in the future! This young noble is the descendant of the Fifth Blight powerhouse, Heavenly Emperor Myriad Spirit! Give this young noble face, and I’ll remember your favor!” Yu Tanzhi said.

Maybe Ye Yuan did not know who Heavenly Emperor Myriad Spirit was, but he should know what a Deva Fifth Blight powerhouse signified.

He believed that Ye Yuan knew how to choose.

Who knew that Ye Yuan laughed mockingly and said, “No need. I don’t need this favor of yours! You can go and die already!”

Suddenly, ten thousand swords were unleashed together. Yu Tanzhi only had time to scream tragically and then he died.

In the end, he stopped at 13th place and was unfated with the ten major inheritances.

“This punk did it on purpose! This punk must have done it on purpose!”

At the outside world, Heavenly Emperor Myriad Spirit gnashed his teeth in hatred.

That look, he wished to skin Ye Yuan alive and swallow him whole.

Heavenly Emperor Myriad Spirit was a demon race’s top major power, a Deva Fifth Blight sovereign powerhouse. He naturally had the qualification to be here.

However, he never thought that after Yu Tanzhi brought out his identity, but Ye Yuan actually showed such disregard for his face!

Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets gave Heavenly Emperor Myriad Spirit a glance, wanting to laugh, but he forcefully endured it.

Laughing at this time was too unfair.

But he also secretly admired it. Ye Yuan this boy was really too impressive, to actually not even give face to a Fifth Blight powerhouse.

Suddenly, his thoughts stirred and he looked into the cage in astonishment.

This boy wouldn’t be wanting to kill Pang Zhen, right? Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets said in shock in his heart.

He did not expect that Ye Yuan was lawless and unbridled to this kind of extent, to even dare to kill a Dao Ancestor’s descendant.

He could not resist looking toward Ancestor Lightning and discovered that Ancestor Lightning’s expression became darker and darker. A strong killing intent already spread out.

Sure enough, inside the cage, Ye Yuan mobilized the majority of his power and swept over toward Pang Zhen.

Very clearly, he did not want to let Pang Zhen enter the top 11 too!

These two people taunted the most enthusiastically, so Ye Yuan intentionally killed them at 13th and 12th place, making them depressed to death.

In the sword formation, Pang Zhen’s expression was ashen, he could not quite hold out anymore.

His lightning source’s offensive power was strong, but Ye Yuan’s two great sources were stronger.

His attacks could not breach the sword formation’s defenses at all.

With this, the entire Primeval War Realm was shocked!

“He wants to kill Pang Zhen! Is ... Is he crazy?”

“Pang Zhen is Ancestor Lightning’s descendant! Disregarding that he’s strong, even if his strength was lacking, nobody dares to not let him enter the top 11 too! Ye Yuan this guy is really too impressive!”

“Hahaha, got character, I like! I really want to see how Ye Yuan is going to face Ancestor Lightning after going out of the Primeval War Realm!”

... ...

At this very moment, the million unpredictable children were all seething with excitement.

This moment was even more explosive than Ye Yuan obtaining the first place.

Originally, any one of these unpredictable children getting the first place was very normal.

Pang Zhen was fine, Wan Zhen was also fine, or even Yu Tanzhi, no one would say anything.

But, Ye Yuan was actually going to exclude Pang Zhen out of the ten major inheritances!

12th place was essentially the same as 1000th place!

He gained enlightenment on Dao in the Primeval War Realm for a thousand years. In the end, not even getting the ten great inheritances, it was simply a joke!

Everyone admired Ye Yuan’s courage. This scene was too shocking.

“Young Friend Ye, this ancestor is Dao Ancestor Lightning! Can you give this ancestor face and let Pang Zhen enter the top 11!?” Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Right then, an explosive-like voice came from above the void, reverberating throughout the entire Primeval War Realm.

Dao Ancestor Lightning, finally could not resist speaking up!