Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2370: Spacetime Grand Ancestor!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After opening this gap, everything became a matter of course.

Although the comprehension of spacetime law slowed down, Ye Yuan still advanced forward steadily.

Only at this time, did Ye Yuan understand that this spacetime vortex was simply fragments of law, formed under the traction of some kind of great power.

The time law that he comprehending in the primeval war realm was likely a tiny fragment inside this spacetime vortex.

It could be seen from this how terrifying the power of this spacetime vortex was!

If he could comprehend all of the power of law in this spacetime vortex, Ye Yuan would be able to immediately become the Heavenspan World’s number one major power!

Even the Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets would probably have to respectfully call him as Senior Ye Yuan.

However, wanting to reach this step, even if it was Ye Yuan, it was also impossible to easily accomplish it.

The road that he had to walk was still long.

Just as the old man said, being able to stabilize in the vortex for an hour was considered to have made minor accomplishments already.

Along with the passage of time, Ye Yuan also gradually understood that the spatial law he comprehended previously was indeed biased.

His spatial law was comprehended through Sword Dao.

The things that he comprehended were also used to serve Sword Dao.

Therefore, Ye Yuan’s spatial law was mostly used to increase the power of Sword Dao.

But actually, spatial law itself was superior to Sword Dao!

Without space, all power of laws were rootless weeds, and it naturally became empty talk.

No law could exist without space.

And this was also the reason why spatial law was called a supreme law.

Time law was the same.

This was also to say that Ye Yuan’s comprehension of spatial law was merely just the application of a certain aspect of spatial law, that was all.

It seemed high, but actually, it was flashy without substance.

Ye Yuan’s comprehensions did not touch the foundation of spatial law at all. Therefore, it was virtually impossible to want to comprehend the power of source.

Of course, to the geniuses today, this bit of comprehension was enough.

Along with the passage of time, Ye Yuan’s comprehension of space and time, two great laws, became increasingly deeper.

It was equivalent to Ye Yuan comprehending spatial law from the beginning again.

His foundation was strong to begin with, coupled with his powerful comprehension ability, at the 800th year, he finally comprehended to rank eight anew.

And Ye Yuan also made considerable progress in time law, he already went from 1:5 to 1:30.

This change was shocking from beginning to end in the eyes of the old man.

“How can this kid’s talent be so terrifying? Even for the geniuses in my era, it’s also impossible to comprehend spacetime law to this level in a short 800 years!”

Only at this time did the old man discover that he seemed to have misjudged Ye Yuan. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

He previously thought that Ye Yuan was merely a mediocre talent. But having personally witnessed his improvement now, only then did he know how laughable his thoughts were.

But he was very perplexed. Why was his law comprehension so lousy?

He suddenly thought of a problem. After Ye Yuan revived, he could not resist asking, “Kid, how old are you?”

Actually, to Heavenly Emperor Realm powerhouse, the issue of age was already not an issue.

Perhaps, even they themselves did not remember clearly how old they were.

They took 100 thousand years as spring, and 100 thousand years as summer. This kind of time frame, who would really remember their age every day?

But Ye Yuan naturally remembered.

Ye Yuan said, “This junior is roughly over 3000 years old.”

He knew what the old man thought of, but did not have the intention of showing off. He just said it honestly.

But these words shocked the old man.

The old man opened his eyes wide and said with a look of disbelief, “Over 3 ... 3000 years old? You’re bluffing this ancestor, right! Do you think that this ancestor is a three-year-old kid? Would I believe your lousy lie?”

Ye Yuan smiled harmlessly and did not explain anything, walking toward the vortex once again.

This sort of thing, if they believed, they believed. Not believing, it would be pointless even if he explained it too.

Unless his main body arrived here, the old man would be able to see through his skeletal age at a glance.

Otherwise, it was useless to say anything.

However the implication of posturing was quite thick when it landed in the old man’s eyes,

“This kid actually ignored this ancestor!” The old man billowed his beard and glared in anger.

But very soon, he exclaimed again, “If this kid is really only 3000 years old, then he’s even more monstrous than ancient geniuses! With his potential, even reaching this ancestor’s peak back then is also not unknown! Hope that this kid wouldn’t lie to me!:

When Ye Yuan returned from the dead again, the old man stopped Ye Yuan and said solemnly, “Kid, let’s sit down and talk!”

Ye Yuan was taken aback and immediately nodded his head.

This old man finally acknowledged him.

One had to know, over 800 years had already passed since he came in. He did not even know the old man’s name.

Clearly, in the old man’s eyes, he was disdainful to have Ye Yuan know his name.

“This old man, Shang Hang, is the leader of the human race’s titled grand ancestors: Grand Ancestor Spacetime!” Talking up to here, Shang Hang’s face revealed a proud look.

Clearly, he was very proud of this identity.

“The so-called grand ancestors, you can understand it as, the strongest people of the all races alliance! The alliance had a total of 18 grand ancestors. The Doomsday Battle back then, all 18 of us died in battle! This spacetime vortex that you see was left behind by this ancestor and the divine race’s Heaven Lineage’s progenitor, Tian Qing’s, ultimate battle. This move is called Spacetime Reversal Chaos. This ancestor fought Tian Qing alone and eventually severely injured him, finally exiling him into the spacetime turbulent flow.”

“The two of us released the ultimate profound intent, and fought until the entire Heavenspan World was reduced to fragments! Of course, the Spacetime Reversal Chaos that you see is less than one-ten-thousandth of its power back then. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be able to enter inside at all.”

Shang Hang spoke easily and assuredly, a heroic look on his face.

Although he died, he had no regrets.

Ye Yuan was filled with a deep veneration when he listened. In a few words, he revealed the horrors of the battle situation back then!

Among the alliance’s strongest 18 grand ancestors, none actually survived!

One had to know, these 18 grand ancestors were not what these current progenitors could compare to.

Disregarding other things, just Shang Hang alone cultivating space and time, two paths, to such a terrifying boundary, one would know how stronger the 18 grand ancestors back then were.

Most likely, his strength was not the slightest bit weaker than the present Dao Ancestors!

These people, each one was a supreme powerhouse at the level of rules, the strength they possessed was unimaginable.

But even so, the alliance still only had a pyrrhic victory.

One could say that the Heavenspan World’s tens of billions of years of stability was exchanged for using these 18 people, as well as the lives of countless powerhouses.

No wonder even Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets also had no hope for the human race at all.

If the divine race’s progenitors all had such strength, then when Heavenly Dao took back the power of Dao Ancestors, the collective races would not have the strength to fight back at all!

“Senior, may Junior be so bold as to ask, back then, couldn’t the divine race and collective races coexist? Why must they fight to the extent of extinction?” Ye Yuan asked.

This was also something that he had always been puzzled about in his heart.

Shang Hang chuckled coldly and said, “If we could coexist, why would the collective races need to do such a thing?”