Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2387: Giving Ground

“Rank three source! Too inconceivable, a Heavenly Emperor actually comprehended rank three Alchemy Dao source!”

“Is this understanding a little? This kid can really pretend! No wonder he had the confidence to challenge Lord Witchcloud!”

“However, Lord Witchcloud has comprehended rank four source. This kid will still lose!”

... ...

Feeling this surging power of source, everyone was extremely shocked.

Only then did they understand what kind of concept was the slight understanding that Ye Yuan talked about.

If rank three source was a slight understanding too, then wouldn’t they become alchemy idiots?

However, they were still not optimistic about Ye Yuan.

Being able to be equally famous as Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets, Witchcloud was naturally not someone easy to deal with.

But he was currently also incredibly shocked.

Just now, he actually harbored the intention of teaching Ye Yuan a lesson too, making him beat a retreat in the face of difficulties.

But who knew that Ye Yuan’s Alchemy Dao Realm was actually so high!

Witchcloud thought in his heart, this boy’s Martial Dao talent is extremely terrifying, why is his alchemy path attainments even above that of his martial path? Is there really such a monstrous person in the world? No wonder Profound Secrets chose him. Given time, this boy will surely make great accomplishments! It’s just, him being the chief instructor, is he qualified enough?

In a blink of an eye, Ye Yuan already sketched out the embryonic form of a quasi-Dao pill.

When Witchcloud saw this medicinal pill’s embryonic form, he was even more inexplicably shocked in his heart.

This embryonic form could simply be rated as perfect!

Witchcloud was an expert on Alchemy Dao. So how could he not tell?

Even he could not perform better than Ye Yuan too!

Forcefully suppressing the shock in his heart, Witchcloud made his move.

The moment he took over, his heart trembled fiercely!

He discovered that the structure of Ye Yuan’s medicinal pill was too exquisite.

It was exquisite until he was actually somewhat in a difficult situation.

A single carelessness, and it would ruin the embryonic form of this medicinal pill.

That way, he would be defeated!

The dignified alchemy path’s number one person, actually lost to a Heavenly Emperor Realm alchemist? How would he still stay on in the Alchemy Hall in the future?

Originally, he had the mentality of playing along with Ye Yuan.

But now, he had no choice but to perk his spirit up 120% and bring forth all of his strength.

“How can this boy’s Alchemy Dao be so terrifying? I’m facing his rank three source with rank four source, and I actually have a feeling of my ability falling short of my wishes! What is missing in this?”

Witchcloud felt like something was blocked in his mind.

In the myriad races, he, Witchcloud, only admired one person. That person was Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets.

This was because other people were not worthy of entering his sights at all.

But after witnessing Ye Yuan’s Alchemy Dao, his appraisal of Ye Yuan immediately reached the level of Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets!

Because he was inferior to Ye Yuan in terms of alchemy! CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

If his and Ye Yuan’s realm comprehensions were the same, he was absolutely not Ye Yuan’s match!

The two people went back and forth, bedazzling everyone who was present.

This level of fight, it was still their first time seeing it!

In the Alchemy Hall, there was no one who could debate on the Dao with Witchcloud at all.

He was an existence towering above everyone, a godfather-level figure.

His status was paramount.

But today, when an opponent who was on par with him appeared, everyone truly realized how terrifying Witchcloud’s alchemy strength was!

If so, then how strong was the Ye Yuan who was fighting Witchcloud until they were evenly matched?

Everyone stared dumbfoundedly with their mouths agape. Especially the elder who wanted to compete with Ye Yuan in alchemy previously, his face was currently completely red with embarrassment.

His strength was not weak, but facing off against Ye Yuan, he probably could not even fight back!

An elder’s expression was ugly as he said, “Could it be that it’s my misconception? Why do I feel that Lord Witchcloud seems to be lacking in strength?”

Witchcloud was a god-like existence in their hearts.

But before their eyes, this god-like existence really seemed to be straining very hard!

Another elder similarly had an ugly expression as he said, “That’s impossible! It must be your misconception! How can Lord Witchcloud possibly lose to this kid?”

All of a sudden, Witchcloud felt the pressure ease up slightly.

Halfway through the pill refinement, he suddenly felt like Ye Yuan’s technique was not that perfect anymore.

It suddenly became much easier for him to handle it.

Witchcloud was delighted, thinking to himself that this boy was lacking in stamina.

After all, refining a pseudo-Dao pill was something that exhausted mental strength immensely. For someone who is at the Heavenly Emperor Realm, it was still a little forceful.

This way, Ye Yuan might be even more exhausted in the latter half.

If so, then he still had a chance to win!

However, things did not go as he expected.

Along with the passing of time, Ye Yuan was level-headed like a giant mountain.

No matter how brilliant the design, Ye Yuan could resolve it easily.

Witchcloud became more and more alarmed, he gradually understood that it was not that Ye Yuan was lacking in stamina, but that he was giving ground to him!

Ye Yuan was giving him face!

This kind of minute changes, not being in the process of the pill refinement, how could one tell?

In the view of the others, the two of them were fighting until they were evenly matched in skill and strength.

But in reality, he was still a notch worse than Ye Yuan.

With Great Dao law descending, a pseudo-Dao pill suspended quietly in the air.

The entire place was deathly silent.

The impact that this battle brought to them was too intense.

There was actually someone who could be evenly matched in skill and strength as Lord Witchcloud!

Ye Yuan smiled slightly and said to Witchcloud with clasped hands, “Senior Witchcloud is indeed well-deserving of being the alchemy path’s number one person. This level of strength makes Junior admire!”

Ye Yuan did not have malice toward Witchcloud.

He heard Profound Secrets mentioned it before. Witchcloud made tremendous contributions to Deicide. He was the hero of the myriad races!

After Ye Yuan came to the Alchemy Hall, he discovered that everyone’s respect for Witchcloud was not fake.

Being able to bring the Alchemy Hall together into a monolithic block, this in itself showed a lot of things.

Of course, Ye Yuan had his principles too.

He was extremely strict toward alchemy.

He competed in alchemy not to beat his opponent, but in order to refine an unusual medicinal pill.

Although he could defeat Witchcloud, the medicinal pill would not be able to reach consummation.

Two people refining pills, the most important thing was harmony.

This was like inside a wooden barrel. There was a high and a low, two wooden boards.

Then it was definitely impossible for the water level of this wooden barrel to be higher than the lower wooden board.

Therefore, Ye Yuan put up with the second best option, lowering his strength to cooperate with Witchcloud. This way, he would be able to refine a medicinal pill that was as perfect as possible.

At the same time, this could give Witchcloud face and also form the pill. He did not see any reason why not.

Furthermore, he also measured it, Witchcloud’s strength was even slightly inferior to Medicine Ancestor.

With Ye Yuan’s strength, wanting to defeat him was not hard.

But the strength of the present human race’s alchemy path made him quite disappointed too.

Witchcloud’s expression flickered a little indeterminately, and he forced a smile and said, “Honestly speaking, when Brother Profound Secrets made you the chief instructor, I was still somewhat unconvinced previously. But having witnessed Young Friend Ji’s strength, this old man is wholeheartedly convinced! Just based on this transcendent alchemy technique, you can live up to this position of chief instructor!”

Ye Yuan’s giving ground protected his authority.

If he still paid it no heed, that would be somewhat failing to appreciate favors.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “Senior Witchcloud is too kind. I was somewhat displaying my slight skill before an expert!”

As he spoke, he said to the elders, “How is it? Am I qualified to inspect everyone’s strength now?”