Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 241: Completing the Pill Formula!

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

Ye Yuan nodded and said, "By reducing the amount of Clear Spirit Jade Fluid to 80% and adding in the Western Flower plus another kind of supplementary ingredient called Bramble Mustard Tuber, it will produce an extremely terrifyingly huge explosion! This is actually roughly the same logic as creating gunpowder in the secular world."

Skymaple’s complexion involuntarily changed when he heard that.

He really had not heard before that these three kinds of materials would cause such an effect when mixed together!

Even he had not heard this before, how did this boy know?

Thinking up to here, Skymaple could not help feeling fear. If Ye Yuan really bore a grudge and took revenge, then wouldn’t this place of his be leveled to the ground? Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Although what Ye Yuan said was nonsense, this could not be bullshitted through just by saying nonsense. If one were not highly proficient in medicinal knowledge, talking nonsense would not be able to hold water.

Regardless of how this boy knew all these, he could not be underestimated!

Thinking up to here, Skymaple promptly put away his contempt and asked seriously, "What’s your name?"

"This disciple is Ye Yuan."

"Ye Yuan, this seat apologizes to you solemnly for the matter just now! Seeing as this seat is already an old man, how about you don’t be too particular?"

Skymaple already said things to such an extent. Ye Yuan naturally would not nitpick at it again.

However, he had a pretty good impression of this Skymaple. He could advance and retreat.

Not everyone would apologize so solemnly to disciples from the junior generation. It was truly not easy for Skymaple to be able to do this.

Ye Yuan gave a bow to Skymaple and said, "This Disciple dare not. I hope that Grand Elder won’t take to heart any offenses just now."

Skymaple chuckled and waved his hands, saying, "Take to heart what? As long as you can complete the Seven Profound Soul Driving Pill, you can even take a piss on top of this seat’s head! Come, please enter. Let’s talk inside!"

The pair were just about to take a step when the gatekeeping disciple asked weakly, "G-Grand Elder, I . . ."

Skymaple’s present mood was excellent. He flicked his sleeves and said, "You’ve rendered meritorious service and have no blame. Continue staying then! Guard the court gate well and don’t let anybody in!"

The gatekeeping disciple was overjoyed. "Thank you, Grand Elder! Disciple will definitely guard the gate well!"

. . . . . .

In the side hall, Skymaple and Ye Yuan sat down as host and guest.

This was already exceptionally courteous reception to Ye Yuan. In front of Skymaple, disciples only had the right to stand, not sit. Only hall head level had the qualifications to sit down and talk when they came. Even the elders could not!

Behind Skymaple, Wang Jie kept sizing up Ye Yuan, his gaze filled with curiosity.

He had followed Skymaple for a number of years already and was deeply aware of the difficulty of completing the Seven Profound Soul Driving Pill.

Wang Jie knew that there had already been no fewer than several hundred seniors and elders who took on this mission. These hundreds of people were all elites of the Tranquil Cloud Sect, but no one could complete the mission.

But this Young Master not over the age of 16 could fill in the pill formula.

It was truly miraculous!

Ye Yuan sensed Wang Jie’s gaze and flashed a smile at him. Wang Jie also flashed one back.

"Ye Yuan, what did the ’but’ you said earlier mean? Could it be that using the Extreme Light Profound Gold Fruit to complete the pill formula doesn’t work either?" Skymaple asked again.

He was very confident in the Extreme Light Profound Gold Fruit. It should be said that this was the closest to success he had come to in these over dozen years. But Ye Yuan’s words unwittingly make his heart palpitate.

Ye Yuan said, "Although the Extreme Light Profound Gold Fruit has the effects of nourishing the divine soul, it’s unsuitable to be mixed together and refined with the Nine-leaf Heavenly Fragrance Grass. The Extreme Light Profound Gold Fruit’s attribute is metal, while the Nine-leaf Heavenly Fragrance Grass’s attribute is wood. Metal and wood inhibit each other. Not only would the effects of the ingredients themselves fail to be unleashed, but it would also weaken instead. Furthermore, it will be tremendously difficult to control the stability of the three kinds of core materials during the refining process. If my estimations are right, Grand Elder has probably blown up cauldrons quite a number of times already, right?"

Skymaple’s old face turned red. Ye Yuan really guessed it correctly.

However, he still asked in surprise, "Isn’t the Extreme Light Profound Gold Fruit’s attribute is wood? Why is it metal?"

The attributes of all things in the world were incomparably complex and were not written on the surface. Unless one were extremely proficient towards medical knowledge, one would tend to find it hard to determine a certain medicinal material’s attribute.

The higher level the medicinal material, the harder it was to determine the attribute. Because the process of their derivation was extremely complicated.

Tier 4 materials were not high nor low level. But to the Tranquil Cloud Sect’s alchemists, it was absolutely high level medicinal materials. With their level of understanding, it was very tough to determine Tier 4 materials’ attribute.

Hence, when Skymaple was choosing materials, he basically could not take into consideration the materials’ attributes. He only relied on his instincts to decide. Hence, the error rate was naturally very high.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, "Not all the things that grow on trees belong to the wood attribute. The reason why the Extreme Light Profound Gold Fruit is of the metal attribute is that it generally grows on top of ore veins, drawing the metal spiritual qi within to form the fruit. Even though the Extreme Light Profound Gold Fruit also has some wood attribute characteristics, its primary attribute is metal."

Hearing Ye Yuan’s analysis, Skymaple actually had a feeling like he was enlightened all at once! His gaze when looking at Ye Yuan again was drastically different from before.

Skymaple was naturally well aware of the Extreme Light Profound Gold Fruit’s origin. It was precisely obtained by sect disciples from an ore vein, not the slightest bit off from Ye Yuan’s analysis!

Such knowledge, even he, a grand elder, felt that he was so far behind to even see the dust ahead.

"Then how should this pill formula be completed?" Skymaple’s words already entailed consulting advice. Even he himself was not conscious of it.

Ye Yuan obviously would not cherish something of little value just because it was his own knowledge. He opened his mouth and said, "Clear Spirit Jade Fluid is balanced in the five elements, so it is a neutral item. The Nine-leaf Heavenly Fragrance Grass’s attribute is wood, so you naturally have to select a water attribute material to complete the pill formula. Among Tier 4 medicinal materials, the Iceheart Dew is most suitable."

"Ah? Why use the Iceheart Dew? Iceheart Drew shouldn’t have divine soul nourishing effects, right?" Skymaple had a doubtful face.

This past dozen of years, he thought of every material and used them too. The only exception was that he did not think of using the Iceheart Dew to complete the pill formula!

Ye Yuan smiled and said, "Clear Spirit Jade Fluid and Nine-leaf Heavenly Fragrance Grass are both medicinal herbs that have superb effects when used to nourish the divine soul. Just take the Seven Profound Soul Driving Pill for instance; the divine soul nourishing effects are already ample. But the Iceheart Dew has the effect of calming the spirit and focusing the mind, and also the effect of stabilizing the divine soul. Moreover, during the refining process, the water attribute Iceheart Dew even has the usage of improving the wood attribute Nine-leaf Heavenly Fragrance Grass. There is nothing more suitable than it for refining the Seven Profound Soul Driving Pill!"

Once alchemy skills reached a certain level, one’s understanding of medicinal pills would also grow increasingly profound.

At times, while blindly chasing the medicinal effect of a medicinal pill, it would instead cause an opposite effect.

Ye Yuan’s understanding of medicinal pills was far from what Skymaple could compare to.

The way Ye Yuan saw it, a medicinal pill was a world. Refining a medicinal pill was creating a world!

For a mature world, the most important thing was stability. Then, other things would follow.

Many alchemists chased after the effects of medicinal pills blindly. The result of doing this were flaws in the medicinal pills. There would obviously be side-effects here and there.

A mature type of medicinal pill would definitely not have any side-effect!

In reality, with Ye Yuan’s alchemy skills, he could guide Skymaple to use the Extreme Light Profound Gold Fruit to refine out the Seven Profound Soul Driving Pill, but that kind of medicinal pill would clearly have side-effects.

Hearing Ye Yuan say finish, Skymaple and Wang Jie behind him sunk into their thoughts . . .