Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2433: You Are Not Qualified Enough Yet!

“Slander! You all are slandering blatantly here! At present, the outcome is a foregone conclusion! Do you all plan on casting him out now that he has served his purpose?” In the great all, came Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets’s furious roar.

This hall was located on the side of Heavenspan Mountain, the Bodhidharma of Dao Ancestor Life.

At this time, the hall was packed, each person’s aura was heaven-shocking.

There was actually not a single person’s strength who was lower than Fifth Blight!

Even the human army’s commander, the Deva Fifth Blight, Ni Xuan, was also merely seated at the back.

Above the great hall, Dao Ancestor Life was situated in the head seat, overlooking the world.

Facing Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets’ roars, he just said coolly, “Profound Secrets, you calm down first. Letting Daymeld go under the watchful gazes of everyone, this matter, Ye Yuan got to give everyone an explanation, right?”

Profound Secrets sneered and said, “Give an explanation? What explanation do you want? Did you forget who this world was captured by? When Ye Yuan escaped death by a hair’s breadth on the battlefield, where were you all, these Dao Ancestors? When Ye Yuan’s beloved was abducted by the divine race, where were you all? Now, you all are finding Ye Yuan to ask for an explanation? What a joke!”

The current Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets was without the slightest demeanor of an expert, already furious to the extreme.

After Yue Mengli took Daymeld away, the Doomsday Battle finally came to a conclusion.

This battle ended with the complete victory of the coalition forces.

The divine race no longer had the strength to fight.

What remained was the life-and-death duel between the experts of the two races.

And right at this time, the situation on the human race’s side changed drastically.

Dao Ancestor Life suddenly launched an attack by using the incident of Ye Yuan letting Daymeld off as the reason and demanded Ye Yuan to be relieved of all duties.

And they stripped Ye Yuan of the title of Saint Azure on the charge of colluding with the enemy!

This farce today gathered the upper echelons of the Heavenspan World’s various races, to discuss it at this time.

Dismissing Ye Yuan from his post was very easy.

But stripping Ye Yuan of the title of Saint Azure, the implications of this was too big and needed the recognition of all races before it could be passed.

The title of Azure and Profound two saints, illuminated through the ages.

Wanting to strip this title, how difficult was it?

But, the organizer was the head of the nine great Dao Ancestors, Dao Ancestor Life.

This was different.

No matter how resounding the name of Saint Azure was, he was currently merely just a junior.

But Dao Ancestors were existences standing at the pinnacle-most of this world!

But Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets did not care that much.

He was the son of Saint Profound, the master of the Jian Family, and also one of the major powers of the Heavenspan World.

Therefore, when Dao Ancestor Life raised this matter, he was the first to come forward and object to it.

Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets was very agitated, but Dao Ancestor Life was very calm as he said smilingly, “Huhu, how much effect can the divine race’s ordinary clansmen have on the Doomsday Battle? You say that his contributions are unparalleled? Isn’t it overly exaggerating things to raise an alarm? Even if the divine race army completely occupies the Heavenspan World, what does it matter to existences of our level?”

He was indeed unparalleled and domineering when he said this.

But what he said was also the truth!

Ordinary divine race armies were simply ant-like existences to them, these Dao Ancestors.

No matter how many, it was useless too!

His light and fluttering sentence erased all of Ye Yuan’s contributions.

“Yeah. If not for the three of us severely wounding Tian Qing at the risk of death, how can there be space for Ye Yuan to showcase himself? Of course, the three of us have long already become indifferent to fame and gain, and disdain to fight over it with a junior. That’s all. But he actually colluded with the divine race and let a formidable enemy go! We can’t turn a blind eye to it anymore!” Ancestor Fire with crimson-colored hair said in a deep voice.

“What Ancestor Fire said is right! To really talk about contributions, the three of us matched Tian Qing in strength. That’s the real great achievement! But did we say anything until now? To talk about Ye Yuan this boy, his talent is exceedingly high. If he really goes to seek refuge with the divine race for a woman, that will be a truly mortal calamity to our human race!” Ancestor Water also said.

Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets could not help being shocked when he heard. He did not expect that the few great Dao Ancestors actually already unified their statements!

The nine great Dao Ancestors had always been disagreeable.

For countless years, they disputed unceasingly for their own interests.

He did not expect that at this time, they actually joined hands to deal with a junior! VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The consequences of this matter were even more serious than Profound Secrets imagined!

Thinking up to here, Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets’s heart sunk to rock-bottom.

Looks like Dao Ancestor Life came prepared!

What in the world happened in-between this that made Dao Ancestor Life rather abandon Ye Yuan this final hope than be willing to rely on him?

Furthermore, what shocked him even more was that Dao Ancestor Life making a move this time was not just to abolish Ye Yuan’s contributions but also to strip him of the title of Saint Azure!

Azure and Profound Dual Saints illuminated through the ages. The present human race’s prosperity was all single handedly forged by Ye Yuan and his father.

Colluding with the enemy?

Huhu, how ridiculous!

Others might not know, but Dao Ancestor Life was already a top major power in the last epoch. He was just a step away from being a grand ancestor!

Could he not know about this?

Profound Secrets felt that there must still be something that he did not know involved.

What in the world was Dao Ancestor Life afraid of?

“I also feel that the few Dao Ancestors make sense! Ye Yuan’s contributions, none of us deny it. But colluding with the enemy, this matter, the consequences are truly too serious! We can’t sit idly and remain indifferent!” A Fifth Blight progenitor also concurred.

“I agree!”

“I agree too!”

... ...

There were actually more than half of the progenitors present who agreed with Dao Ancestor Life’s suggestion.

Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets was rendered dumbfounded with his mouth agape when he heard it. Dao Ancestor Life had clearly already channeled for a long time for this today.

If the vast majority of the progenitor powerhouses unified their statements, coupled with the name of the nine great Dao Ancestors, stripping the title of Saint Azure was virtually something that was a certainty!

What deep scheming!

How could Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets not know the trickery behind this? Dao Ancestor Life definitely secretly made arrangements for a long time for this today, perhaps he gave these progenitors tremendous benefits.

Otherwise, with these old things’ shrewdness, how could they stand on Dao Ancestor Life’s side so decisively?

All of a sudden, Profound Secrets felt that it was a little scary.

When he and Ye Yuan were bustling about and risking their lives for the human race and the myriad race’s future, these Dao Ancestors were actually scheming like this behind their backs!

This really made people feel chills!

No idea what Ye Yuan would think when he heard this news.

Thinking up to here, Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets felt that his chest was about to explode.

The era was really different!

During the last epoch, how could such a thing possibly happen?

On their side, it was the stronger the better!

But now, hur hur!

“I object! Lin Chaotian, you’re in the first batch of geniuses who entered the Heavenly Hidden World! It can be said that it was Lord Saint Azure who single handedly trained you to your current position! But now, you want to join hands with others to strip the title of Saint Azure! Do you want face or not! Also, Lord Saint Azure founded an eternally flourishing age. Even if you’re revered as a Dao Ancestor now, what right do you have to strip away the title of Saint Azure? You’re not qualified enough yet!” Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets said with decisiveness that could chop iron.

He knew that these words were feeble, but he had to fight for it!

Azure and Profound Dual Saints were an integral whole. Ye Yuan’s actions back then, he took it into his sights.

He could not let the title of Saint Azure be sullied by someone!