Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2485: “Universe”

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Damn brat, this ancestor wants you dead!”

Right at this time, Ancestor Fire’s angry roar came over.

A flame power even more terrifying than just now suddenly erupted.

There were terrifying flames everywhere in the sky.

Clearly, Ancestor Fire was already thoroughly enraged.

“Fire Dance Frenzied Demon! Die for me! Die! DIE!”

Balls of flames exploded around Ye Yuan, shaking the void until it trembled.

In an instant, Ye Yuan was engulfed.

“It’s Fire Dance Frenzied Demon this move! I heard that this move is Ancestor Fire’s ultimate big move. The power is indeed terrifying!”

“This move can incinerate all things in the world!”

“Lord Saint Azure will be fine, right?”

… …

When everyone saw Ancestor Fire blow his top and unleash his ultimate big move, each and every one of them was extremely worried too.

Against Dao Ancestors, there were none who were easy to deal with.

Especially if it was their ultimate trump card, those were all magnitudes that could obliterate heaven and decimate the earth.

The moment this move Fire Dance Frenzied Demon was unleashed, the surrounding spiritual energy was burned into a vacuum zone.

It could be seen how terrifying this move was.

But right at this time, Lin Chaotian’s gaze turned intent, suddenly firing out a spell.

“Spring Wind for Ten Thousand Miles!’

Powerful wood-attribute power was directly injected into Fire Dance Frenzied Demon.

Wood begets fire!

Ancestor Fire’s Fire Dance Frenzied Demon suddenly became incomparably berserk under Spring Wind for Ten Thousand Miles this move.

That boundless fire sea actually started blackening, gradually turning black color.

The temperature of this world suddenly rose to ten times more than before!

The void was being incinerated by flames.

When Ancestor Fire saw this scene, he could not help having a look of wild elation and he said with a loud laugh,?“Hahaha?… Damn guy! See if you still don’t die this time!”

Everyone’s faces changed wildly.

No one would have thought that Lin Chaotian’s sudden attack could actually make Fire Dance Frenzied Demon hits move undergo such a terrifying change.

Lin Chaotian’s control of wood-attribute rule had clearly already reached a transcendent degree.

The wood-attribute power that he injected was like a catalyst, making Fire Dance Frenzied Demon this move reach the point of qualitative change.

This terrifying flame had long already surpassed the Dao Ancestor himself.

“Damn! This Lin Chaotian is really despicable!” Sacred Ancestor High Priest’s expression changed as he said.

Even Tian Qing’s pupils constricted, and he said in surprise, “I underestimated this Lin Chaotian! This move is really impressive! If Ye Yuan comprehended three great laws to the realm of rule at the same time, perhaps he would be able to block this move. But right now, he’s probably fraught with grim possibilities!”

By the side, Yue Mengli’s expression changed slightly too, revealing a worried expression.

Pffft!

But right at this time, there was a tremor in the fire sea. A figure dashed out of the fire sea, pouncing straight for Ancestor Fire.

Who could this figure be if not Ye Yuan?

Within a 30 feet radius around him, countless motes of starlight surrounded him, like there were countless diamonds decorated around him; magnificently beautiful!

Tian Qing opened his mouth wide and said with a look of shock, “This … This guy is really a genius! He actually laid Sword Dao rule densely in the domain, forming an impermeable sword net! This domain is his Sword Dao domain!”

He did not expect that Ye Yuan was actually using this kind of method to shield the flame rule outside!

Ye Yuan’s speed was immensely fast. In a blink of an eye, he arrived in front of Ancestor Fire.

He was currently being excited on his own, thinking that Ye Yuan was dead for sure.

But in a blink, Ye Yuan appeared in front of him completely unscathed, making him jump in fright.

Then, it was already too late to think about escaping.

Ye Yuan’s Sword Dao domain suddenly enlarged, directly covering Ancestor Fire inside.

“Uni . .. verse!”

Ye Yuan spat a word out of his mouth without the slightest emotion.

While the stars around him that filled the sky suddenly bloomed.

Ancestor Fire’s pupils constricted. There was no time to think too much. The domain power in his body bloomed. Terrifying power of flames attempted to force Ye Yuan’s Sword Dao domain out.

It was just that those countless stars seemed to be countless sharp swords.

This place became Ye Yuan’s absolute domain!

Those one sword intent after another pierced right through Ancestor Fire’s domain, slicing onto his physical body.

“ARGHH!!”

Miserable screams came out from within the Sword Dao domain, being incomparably shrill and forlorn.

Each sound seemed to be crying in everyone’s hearts.

Everyone looked at this scene in extreme shock, their thoughts falling into stagnation.

No idea how long had passed either, the miserable screams gradually stopped.

Ye Yuan put away ‘Universe.’ A figure fell down feebly.

Bang!

Ancestor Fire’s body fell onto the ground, twitching non-stop.

His body seemed to have been serrated by a saw, sword wounds everywhere.

His aura was already extremely weak; only one last breath remaining.

“Hiss?…”

All around, came a series of sounds of cold air being sucked in.

This kind of scene was seriously too soul-stirring.

A Dao Ancestor was actually beaten until he lost human form!

How long had it been since such a thing had happened before?

Even Tian Qing also felt that his breathing became somewhat ragged.

Finishing off a Dao Ancestor so neat and tidily, even he could not do it too.

“U-Universe is it? Within the domain, I am the universe! A fine move, Universe! What a domineering Universe! This Sword Dao domain is simply an absolute domain! Entering inside, one will definitely die without a doubt!” Tian Qing could not resist praising.

He really had his breath taken away by this move of Ye Yuan’s.

Ye Yuan only just stepped into the realm of rule. But his application of Sword Dao rule already reached a transcendent realm.

This move seemed to only be a Sword Dao domain. But with Tian Qing’s knowledge and experience, how could it be just like that?

This move, ‘Universe,’ was the perfect amalgamation of Ye Yuan’s world power and power of law!

This was also to say that Ye Yuan unleashed the power of Sword Dao rule to the extreme with the Chaos Heavenspan Canon.

Within this domain, Ye Yuan’s offensive power practically had no upper limit!

The endless Sword Dao rule was like an endless sea of swords, only giving up after all of your strength was depleted.

“Lord Tian Qing, this is merely a Sword Dao domain. Is it really so formidable?” Tian Xing said with refusal to give in.

Tian Qing gave him a glance and said, “Even if this ancestor gets caught inside, I’ll likely lose a layer of skin if I want to escape too! His power doesn’t lie with the Sword Dao rule, but the application of Sword Dao rule, as well as his powerful world power! If my conjectures are right, Ye Yuan’s world power is likely more than ten times that of ordinary martial artists! It’s on completely different levels!”

When the divine race’s people heard that, each and every one of them was incomparably shocked.

They did not expect that Progenitor Tian Qing’s appraisal of Ye Yuan would actually be so high.

In that case, it was tantamount to acknowledging that Ye Yuan already had the strength to threaten Progenitor Tian Qing!

This was simply inconceivable to them! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ye Yuan still had his hands behind his back, looking at Lin Chaotian as he said coolly, “Now, do you still want to see whether or not I can protect them?”

Lin Chaotian opened his mouth wide, instinctively wanting to refute.

But the words reached the tip of his tongue and were swallowed back down.

The strength that Ye Yuan displayed already reached the acme of perfection!

Ye Yuan who reached the realm of rule, even if it was only a Sword Dao rule, he was already at the level of standing shoulder-to-shoulder with him too.

“C-Consider yourself ruthless! Brat, let’s each stay out of the other person’s business!” Lin Chaotian gritted his teeth and said.