Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2486: Death of Dao Ancestor!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“S-So strong! Ancestor Fire and Dao Ancestor Life two people joined forces and were actually unable to even trap him!”

“Crushing Ancestor Fire with one move! The present Lord Saint Azure is really truly worthy of this title.”

“Yeah! Lord Saint Azure corroborating his Dao is the blessing of martial artists of our generation!”

… …

After the shock, everyone was extremely excited.

Dao Ancestor Life had capitulated!

The deterrence was mutual.

Ye Yuan’s strength could clearly stand shoulder-to-shoulder with him already.

He had long expected that there would be this day. It was just that he did not expect that it would arrive so quickly.

Only a short while ago, Ye Yuan had the nominal title of Saint Azure but did not have the strength to match it.

But now, with Ye Yuan defeating Ancestor Fire in a single one move, being virtually on par with Dao Ancestor Life, he was already completely worthy of the title of Saint Azure!

He was that Saint Azure who created an eternal legend!

Boom!

However, right at this time, a shocking change occurred again!

A piercing cold to the extreme fist wind swept past. It was only to hear a bang. The place where Ancestor Fire collapsed directly turned into nothingness. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The high and mighty Ancestor Fire actually perished!

Everyone was shocked to the extreme, opening their mouths wide, disbelief on their faces.

“Huhu,?weaklings don’t have the qualifications to live on. Rather than living painfully, better to let this progenitor send you off,” Tian Qing said with a faint laugh.

The punch earlier was launched by Tian Qing.

Dao Ancestor Firespirit who had been unrestrained for an epoch actually perished in front of the Heavenspan Mountain!

Just now, with Ye Yuan inflicting heavy wounds on Ancestor Fire, everyone was just amazed at Ye Yuan’s strength.

But the impact that Ancestor Fire’s death brought to everyone was too strong.

Everyone realized that an era of heroes vying for supremacy had already arrived!

In this era, Dao Ancestors had a possibility of dying too!

Ye Yuan gave Tian Qing a glance, still very calm. He did not express too much.

Ancestor Fire was Lin Chaotian’s number one lackey. If he died, then he died. Ye Yuan did not have much sympathy.

His strength had recently improved further. His reliance on the nine great Dao Ancestors was not that strong anymore.

Furthermore, very soon, new Dao Ancestors would be born too.

Whether or not Ancestor Fire died was not important.

But to Lin Chaotian as well as the other seven great Dao Ancestors, Ancestor Fire’s death had clearly touched their most sensitive nerves.

Lin Chaotian exploded at once.

“Ye Yuan! You colluded with the divine race and killed my human race’s Dao Ancestor! What is your intention!” Lin Chaotian shouted angrily.

Ye Yuan looked at Lin Chaotian like looking at a fool and said coolly, “Tian Qing murdered people, but you don’t dare to shout at him. So you’re yelling at me? This matter arose because of you. Now, Ancestor Fire was killed, but you’re blaming it on me? Do you not want face?”

Ye Yuan had just arrived and Lin Chaotian and Ancestor Fire were like lunatics, wanting to target him.

He was merely forced to fight back. Now, Lin Chaotian pinned another large charge on his head.

Truly laughable!

Lin Chaotian’s eyes wanted to spit fire and he said angrily, “Brat, you wait for me! We’ll showcase our true abilities on Heavenspan Mountain!”

Finished talking, he flicked his sleeves and left.

Rumble?…

Suddenly, the Heavenspan Mountain gave a strong undulation.

An enormous light door appeared slowly.

The Heavenspan Mountain opened!

Lin Chaotian’s pupils constricted and he said, “Go!”

It was only to see his figure moved, and he already arrived in front of the light door.

Lin Chaotian held the Heavenspan Token in his hand and walked into the light door first.

Clearly, he was already too impatient to wait.

The seven great Dao Ancestors also followed closely behind, entering the Heavenspan Mountain.

Tian Qing gave Ye Yuan a glance and said with a smile, “You taking your own sweet time, aren’t you afraid that they will snatch the position of Dao Ancestor?”

Ye Yuan said coolly, “I’m not interested in the position of Dao Ancestor.”

Tian Qing’s expression choked and he said with a frown, “Not interested??Huhu,?interesting! Do you know what kind of level this progenitor’s strength will reach when I attain the position of Dao Ancestor?”

Ye Yuan smiled slightly and said, “My spatial law and Formation Dao law are also both almost reaching the realm of rule already!”

Tian Qing almost spat out a mouthful of old blood. He originally wanted to mock Ye Yuan but was choked to death by Ye Yuan.

“You, this fellow, really aren’t cute at all! Let’s go!” Tian Qing gave a cold snort and entered the Heavenspan Mountain.

After waiting for the divine race to enter the Heavenspan Mountain, Ye Yuan said coolly, “After entering the Heavenspan Mountain, everyone relies on your own lucky chances! I’ll say it again. Whoever helps me find the Tear of Life, I’ll help him ascend to the position of Dao Ancestor!”

The hundreds of Deva powerhouses were invigorated and said in unison, “Yes, Lord Saint Azure!”

Originally, Ye Yuan did not want to get involved in the struggle for Dao Ancestor.

But later on, he still heeded Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets’ suggestion.

At least, if there were more people, there was a greater chance of finding the Tear of Life.

As for the rest, he did not care.

Arriving before the light gate, Ye Yuan stopped and did not advance, his mood fluctuating a little.

After many years of hard work, he was finally nearing this step.

Restraining his emotions, Ye Yuan stepped into the light door.

In front of his eyes were balls of gray fog. Above the void, there were blue bolts of lightning flashing.

Ye Yuan’s brows furrowed slightly. Wasn’t this scene precisely what was inside the realm fog?

“What’s wrong, Ye Yuan?” Sacred Ancestor High Priest came afterward. Seeing Ye Yuan’s abnormal state, he could not resist asking.

Ye Yuan said, “Heavenly Dao Samsara, the realm fog floods the Heavenspan Mountain. I think … it should be the rules getting reshuffled! Looking at it this way, each epoch will be a little different.”

Sacred Ancestor High Priest said in surprise, “This … Is this the realm fog?”

Ye Yuan nodded and said, “I’ve once entered the realm fog before and seen this scenery.”

Sacred Ancestor High Priest gave Ye Yuan a glance and could not help being speechless.

This guy was really freakish!

Sacred Ancestor High Priest felt the realm fog a bit. Suddenly, his expression changed greatly and he said, “Damn, there’s the power of Great Dao suppressing in this place! We can’t fly in the air or shuttle through the void. We can only walk forward on foot. This place is a huge cage!”

Ye Yuan was taken aback and said, “Really?”

Finished talking, his figure flashed, appearing several dozen feet away.

Then, he kicked his feet and rose into the air.

Following that, a bolt of blue lightning struck. He grabbed it casually and actually grabbed that bolt of lightning in his hand.

The Treasure Pig in Ye Yuan’s arms suddenly sniffed his nose and swallowed the lightning in one bite. Then, he went to sleep again contentedly.

Sacred Ancestor High Priest opened his mouth wide, an expression like he had seen a ghost.

These two fellows were simply not human!

When Heavenly Emperor Profound Secrets and the rest who just came in saw this scene, each and every one of them was shocked speechless.

“You … How did you do it? Could it be that you’re actually not suppressed by the power of Great Dao?” Sacred Ancestor High Priest said in surprise.

“Lord Saint Azure is too amazing! He can actually fly on the Heavenspan Mountain!”

“Monstrous! Truly monstrous!”

“Being able to teleport, able to fly, it’s simply being established in an undefeatable position!”

“Indeed, we were right in following Lord Saint Azure!”

… …

When everyone saw this scene, they were all extremely shocked.

The moment they entered, they were suppressed by the power of Great Dao, thoroughly becoming mortals.

Who would have expected that Ye Yuan was actually not affected in the least bit?

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “My small world is a little special. This power of Great Dao can’t suppress me.”

Sacred Ancestor High Priest smiled bitterly and shook his head as he said, “No wonder you look down on Dao Ancestors!”