Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2488: You Guys, Get Lost!

“Hand over the mysterious rune and I’ll spare you from death!”

“Get lost! Just based on you?”

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

… …

On the main road, there was chaos. The sound of fighting rose and ebbed.

Along with the merger of the narrow, winding trails, more and more martial artists started meeting and fought endlessly for lucky chances.

Those who dared to come to the Heavenspan Mountain were not weak. The fighting was very fierce.

On this main road, more than ten Deva powerhouses were currently undergoing a miserable fight for a mysterious rune.

Fierce undulations scattered the gray fog a little.

Suddenly, a powerful rule undulation came from below.

Everyone’s expressions changed wildly and actually stopped the battle at the same time without prior agreement, looking down below with looks of anticipation!

Who did not know what happened?

Rule crystal!

Somebody obtained a rule crystal!

“Hahaha?… I really didn’t expect that the rule crystal appeared so early!”

“Nobody is allowed to snatch with me! The rule crystal is mine!”

“No matter who it is, go up and kill first before talking!”

… …

The group of powerhouses mustered up killing intent fully, preparing to take action.

In the gray fog, that figure advanced unhurriedly, becoming clearer and clearer.

“Kill!”

No idea who shouted. More than ten powerhouses rushed over one after another.

Although it was not possible to fly here, how fast was the foot strength of a Deva Fifth Blight?

In a blink, they arrived in front of that person.

But, when they saw that person’s face clearly, everyone’s movements abruptly stopped.

Everyone seemed to have been hit by a paralyzing hex, freezing there.

“L-Lord Saint Azure!”

When the powerhouses saw Ye Yuan, their eyes went wide.

No one could have thought that the struggle for Dao Ancestor just started and Lord Saint Azure was already holding the position of Dao Ancestor in his hand.

The rule crystal in Ye Yuan’s hand and in their hands were two different concepts.

Those able to shake Ye Yuan were only grand ancestor-level characters.

Furthermore, it was even not ordinary grand ancestors.

Who was tired of living, to dare snatch the rule crystal from his hands?

Ye Yuan’s gaze swept across everyone’s faces. Everyone only felt their entire body turn stiff as if they were being stared at by Heavenly Dao.

How could they dare release any hint of greed toward Ye Yuan? They could only bury all of their emotions at the bottom of their hearts, not daring to divulge it in the slightest.

Among these people, there were many who were brought in by Ye Yuan.

However, Ye Yuan said it very clearly. He was only responsible for bringing in and nothing else.

As for who could become an ancestor, it each relied on lucky chances!

In reality, it was impossible for Ye Yuan to interfere even if he wanted to manage it.

Facing the opportunity to become an ancestor, who could let it go?

Becoming an ancestor meant reaching the heavens in one step!

“You guys continue,” Ye Yuan said a sentence with a smile and passed through the crowd.

“W-We send Lord Saint Azure off respectfully!” Everyone sweat profusely, seeing Ye Yuan off with their eyes.

It was only after Ye Yuan’s figure completely disappeared from everyone’s line of sight did everyone feel relieved from the tremendous pressure.

They discovered that their backs were already drenched!

The present Lord Saint Azure was too terrifying!

In the crowd, a martial artist’s eyes suddenly lit up and he said excitedly, “T-Tear of Life! We still have hope! As long as we find the Tear of Life, with Lord Saint Azure’s sainthood name, he’ll definitely hand the rule crystal over to us!”

Another person said, “Right! There’s still the Tear of Life! As long as we obtain the Tear of Life, not only will Lord Saint Azure give us the rule crystal, he’ll even protect us all the way until we corroborate our Dao and become and ancestor!”

Suddenly, the martial artists that Ye Yuan brought looked toward the other few people with pity.

These few people came in with the nine great Dao Ancestors.

“Heh,?you all can forget about it! This ‘us’ doesn’t include you all!”

“Lord Saint Azure is forthright and is clear about what to love or hate! Even if you all obtain the Tear of Life, the nine great Dao Ancestors will definitely kill and seize the treasure too! Therefore, don’t think about it!”

The martial artists that Ye Yuan brought in had a strong sense of superiority at this time.

While those few people had gloomy faces and were extremely depressed.

They were really somewhat regretting it.

This was a chance to corroborate one’s Dao and become an ancestor!

Finding a Tear of Life was much easier than finding a rule crystal.

At least, the Tear of Life would not be a moving beacon like the rule crystals that could attract endless killing.

… …

Ye Yuan advanced along the way but did not find traces of the Tear of Life.

Fate seemed to be playing a joke with him. He could easily find a rule crystal, but he could not find the Tear of Life.

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!

Suddenly, incomparably strong undulations came from ahead.

In addition, a vast and colossal power of flame rule also came from ahead.

No need to go and Ye Yuan already guessed what happened.

The fire source crystal came into being!

In front, there were five powerful auras, all acquaintances.

The corners of Ye Yuan’s mouth curled slightly and he said, “Interesting!”

“All-encompassing Tide!”

“Immortal Rebuking True Lightning!”

“Destruction Heaven-shocking Palm!”

“Brahma True Body!”

… …

Ye Yuan advanced slowly, five Grand Ancestor level powerhouses were currently in the heat of battle.

The human race’s three ancestors coincidentally faced off against the divine race’s two great progenitors, fighting until the gray fog shook endlessly.

Far away, many powerhouses kept a wide berth and did not dare to approach at all.

Among the five people, there was a small flame-like ball, flickering indeterminately.

Regardless of who obtained the rule crystal on both sides, they would suffer frenzied attacks and could not hold it at all.

Suddenly, the five people felt something and stopped fighting one after another.

It was undeniable that the water source crystal on Ye Yuan was too eye-catching.

The five people originally thought that another rule crystal appeared. But upon seeing that it was Ye Yuan, their expressions could not help changing.

They were fighting here endlessly and Ye Yuan had already gotten hold of the water source crystal!

When Ancestor Water saw Ye Yuan, he said without the slightest hesitation, “Ye Yuan! The matter previously was all this ancestor’s fault! Help me obtain this fire source crystal. In the next ten billion years from now on, this ancestor will be at your beck and call!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This was a super helper!

Ancestor Water’s mind spun the fastest, immediately judging the current situation.

The moment Ancestor Lightning heard, how could he be willing to show weakness? He immediately said, “Ye Yuan, you and I are rather deeply connected! You help this ancestor this time, the Pang Family will serve you as our master in this epoch!”

The moment Dao Ancestor Destruction heard, how could he be willing to give in, hurriedly saying: “Ye Yuan, what they can do, this ancestor can do the same! This ancestor requests for you to take action and help me once!”

Opposite, the divine race’s two great progenitors were dumbstruck with amazement from listening.

They did not expect that the human race ancestors did not even want their morals anymore for the sake of obtaining the fire source crystal.

Weren’t these few people still fighting it out to the death with Ye Yuan previously?

How did it become such a situation in a blink of an eye?

They discovered that they were somewhat unable to understand the way humans thought.

However, their faces also became solemn. If Ye Yuan joined the battle, they would be under a lot of pressure!

Ever since Ye Yuan cut Ancestor Fire down with his sword, the deterrence that he gave everyone was seriously too strong.

“Ye Yuan, we stay out of each other’s business! You already obtained one rule crystal. If you’re getting involved in the struggle for the fire source crystal too, you’ll be making too many enemies!” Yellow Lineage’s progenitor, Yi Feng, said in a solemn voice.

Ye Yuan had a calm face when suddenly, he smiled at this time and said, “I’m not interested in being a Dao Ancestor, but since I ran into a rule crystal, I can’t turn a blind eye to it too! I’ll be taking the fire source crystal! You guys, get lost!”