Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2489: Battling Five Ancestors!

“G-Get lost?”

Regardless of whether it was the five great ancestors or the powerhouses in the distance, they were all somewhat doubting whether or not their own ears heard wrongly.

Ye Yuan was actually making five Grand Ancestor level powerhouses get lost?

Yes, Ye Yuan was strong.

But, it was also impossible for him to deal with five people at the same time, right?

“Ye Yuan! You … You’re also too arrogant, right? Do you think that by killing Ancestor Fire, you can ignore all of us Dao Ancestors?” Ancestor Water said in a solemn voice.

But the corners of Yi Feng’s mouth curled slightly and he said with a smile, “Rather interesting! Are you provoking the five of us?”

Ye Yuan said indifferently, “I only want the rule crystal! Of course, if you think that it’s a provocation, you can too!”

Ye Yuan’s words were boundlessly domineering!

“Hahaha?…”

When Yi Feng heard that, he could not help bursting into laughter and said, “I didn’t expect that one day, this progenitor will actually be looked down upon like this by someone! I also never thought that I would join forces with humans one day! What do the three of you think?”

Yi Feng was laughing, but he was already genuinely enraged.

What kind of figure was he?

A progenitor who had once laughed proudly at the summit, monopolizing all life!

Now, he was actually being looked down upon by someone to the point of asking him to get lost!

If this could be endured, what else could not be?

Of course, the one who was angry was not just him alone.

The other four were all enraged, especially Ancestor Water three people! They put aside their egos to beseech Ye Yuan but did not expect to be humiliated by Ye Yuan like so.

Ancestor Water had a black face and said in a solemn voice, “Although this ancestor isn’t willing, right now, there seems to be no other choice! This brat is too arrogant!”

Ancestor Lightning also had a dark look as he said,?“Humph!?Refusing face when it’s given! Originally, we’re very apprehensive of you, but you insist on forcing the five of us to join forces! This place is the Heavenspan Mountain. You can’t fly and can’t teleport! This ancestor wants to see whether or not you can survive under the five of us teaming up!”

Dao Ancestor Destruction sneered and said, “Ye Yuan, after you attained the position of a Grand Ancestor, you seem to have become more and more puffed up with conceit! Since that’s the case, then this ancestor doesn’t mind sending you off!”

Crazy!

Utterly crazy!

Lord Saint Azure was going to forcibly resist five great Dao Ancestors joining forces!

Ye Yuan had once escaped with ease from under the joint forces of the nine great Dao Ancestors.

It was just that, escaping and frontal confrontation were two totally different concepts!

The surrounding Deva powerhouses were all dumbstruck with amazement, not understanding why Ye Yuan would make such a choice.

Ye Yuan’s mouth curled and he said disdainfully, “Refusing face when it’s given??Huhu,?do you guys have face? Not anybody can be this Ye’s servant if they want to!”

It was not that Ye Yuan was showing off his ability, but that he did not have a favorable impression of any one of these people.

To these Dao Ancestors, there were no forever friends, and also no eternal enemies.

But to Ye Yuan, kindness was kindness, enmity was enmity!

These few guys were nauseating to the extreme. Now, they were actually still thinking of turning around to cooperate with him. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Dream on!

Furthermore, since he ran into the fire source crystal, it was naturally impossible to let it go.

Holding the rule crystal in his own hands was clearly the best option.

There were many people around him suitable to be the next Dao Ancestor!

The expressions of the human race’s three Dao Ancestors all turned black like the bottom of a pot.

Ye Yuan did not take them seriously at all!

In order to obtain the rule crystal, they already gave up the dignity of a Dao Ancestor.

But Ye Yuan did not buy it at all!

“Humph! Talk about after you can survive from under our hands! All-encompassing Tide!”

Ancestor Water did not say another word and directly made a move!

Instantly, Ye Yuan was engulfed by the tide.

Furthermore, there was even a strange power in this tide, making people unable to shake free.

“Immortal Rebuking True Lightning!”

“Destruction Heaven-shocking Palm!”

“Brahma True Body!”

… …

Five great Dao Ancestors each executed their means. It was either an earth-shaking big move or a Heavenly Dao True Martial.

The five people’s power superimposing together was truly terrifying to the extreme.

Ye Yuan’s expression did not change, and he casually threw Treasure Pig to one side and joined in the battle.

Treasure Pig rolled dozens of times on the ground, ending up under a rock. But he still did not have the intention of waking up.

This guy had just eaten to his fill and was dead asleep right now.

“Universe!”

Ye Yuan gave a low cry, Universe appeared again!

The pupils of Ancestor Water and the rest all shrunk, revealing looks of dread.

Ancestor Fire died under this move!

The five great Dao Ancestors were very fearful of Ye Yuan, not daring to get into close quarters with Ye Yuan at all.

Once they got caught in Universe’s range, they would also not be far from death.

But very soon, they were shocked!

Universe’s defense was similarly solid as a metal bucket!

The five of them working together actually could not breach Universe’s defense!

Ye Yuan propped Universe up and moved freely among the five of them.

Occasionally, he could even pose some threat to them.

These terrifying moves, Ye Yuan received all of them as they were.

Sword Dao rule was originally mightier than the unitary Five Element Laws.

Even destruction rule was also slightly inferior when compared to Sword Dao rule.

Of course, more importantly, Dao Ancestor Destruction’s strength was inadequate!

What the few people were even more unaware of was that Ye Yuan’s chaos world had currently reached grand completion already. His world power was unbelievably strong!

World power coupled with the Universe’s sword art executed with Sword Dao rule, it was virtually the Heavenspan World’s strongest swordsmanship already.

Wanting to breach Universe, unless you forcibly broke through from outside with absolute strength.

But very clearly, these five people were all not qualified enough!

Each and every one of the onlooking Deva powerhouses was dumbfounded with shock.

“This … This is also too strong, right?”

“Universe this move simply has no weakness to exploit!”

“Hisss?… This is the legendary Sword Dao moving the gods, right?”

… …

Ye Yuan’s fearsomeness deeply shocked everyone present.

Previously, when killing Ancestor Fire, Universe only appeared for an instant. Everyone did not feel its might.

But now, the might of Universe was exhibited beyond a doubt!

Invincible defense, harrowing attack!

This kind of move could be rated as without weaknesses to exploit!

The more the five great Dao Ancestors fought, the more alarmed they got.

Yi Feng two great progenitors had already each displayed two Heavenly Dao True Martials but were still unable to break Universe.

“Damn it! How can this boy be so strong? Gentlemen, stop holding back! Otherwise, no one can obtain the rule crystal!” Ancestor Water said with a low roar.

As a Dao Ancestor, how could they not have any trump cards up their sleeves?

Just like Ancestor Fire’s Fire Dance Frenzied Demon!

This kind of big move could virtually obliterate heaven and decimate the earth.

The other four people nodded one after another and said, “Okay! Looks like we got to bring out our true abilities!”

The seal in Ancestor Lightning’s hands suddenly changed, and he shouted coldly, “Boundless Heavenly Fiend Lightning Prison!”

All of a sudden, the surrounding became a sea of lightning!

An enormous cage wrapped Ye Yuan up tightly!

Inside were incomparably thick electric snakes, flying around everywhere.

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!

These electric snakes attacked Universe frenziedly, attempting to break through!

Dao Ancestor Destruction put both hands together, a horrifying power that could obliterate heaven and decimate the earth erupted from his body.

Only to see him throw a punch out ordinarily. That terrifying power even opened up a gap in the lightning prison!

“Shiva Celestial Deity Eradicating Palm!”

At the same time, Ancestor Water and the two great divine race progenitors unleashed their strongest attacks one after another!

Universe finally loosened up a little under this terrifying power!