Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 250: One After Another!

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

At the Pill Hall.

Many elders were gathered together, discussing Shao Yun’s sudden seclusion.

"You guys tell me; what did Shao Yun encounter at Ye Yuan’s place? Why do I feel that this is more and more abnormal?"

"Logically speaking, the greatest possibility for Shao Yun’s closed-seclusion is that he was defeated and felt that he lost face, so he was embarrassed to come and see us. That’s why he chose to enter seclusion. But the problem is Shao Yun did not even spend five minutes at Ye Yuan’s residence. It’s not even enough for them to have a conversation!"

"Yeah. Five minutes isn’t even enough to explain a pill formula clearly. What can they do? This isn’t competing in martial arts either. Can Ye Yuan even one-shot defeat him?"

"Elder Xin, you’re our big brother. You’ve got to step up for this matter! Can it be that we, such a large bunch of elders, really have to be defeated by Ye Yuan?"

Once these words were said, the group of elders looked towards the elderly person sitting at the main seat with his eyes shut to rest his mind. He was the Pill Hall’s Third Seat, the number one person beneath Ouyang Yu and the vice hall head, Xin Yuanshu!

Xin Yuanshu was the elder with the highest seniority and the highest realm. He naturally became everyone’s pillar at this time.

Likewise a high-rank Quasi-Alchemy King, but Xin Yuanshu’s strength was much more powerful than Shao Yun’s. He had already advanced to high-rank Quasi-Alchemy King for decades. Although he was still not quite at Ouyang Yu’s level, he was not far off. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

About Ye Yuan, an Alchemy Master becoming a Pill Hall nominal elder, Xin Yuanshu obviously had quite a few veiled criticisms. Or else he would not have appeared here today.

It was just that he had always been respectful towards Grand Elder, so he did not voice out the entire time.

Xin Yuanshu naturally looked forward to Shao Yun challenging Ye Yuan. But did not imagine that he would actually lose.

This way, he was naturally pushed out by everyone.

Looking at the elders crowding over, Xin Yuanshu’s eyes snapped open. Sweeping a glance across everyone, he sighed and said, "Fine then. This old man will take a trip down and have a crack at this Ye Yuan."

Xin Yuanshu was already old. Even if he was displeased in his heart, he was unwilling to do this sort of seeking to prevail over others.

While Shao Yun’s strength was not on par with him, this fifth seat was absolutely not an undeserved reputation. Originally, he thought that he could capture the enemy easily, but did not think that such a thing would happen.

Such a strange situation, it was naturally the safest to invite the hall head to come forward. But this way, there would be no room left to maneuver.

Xin Yuanshu has lived in the Pill Hall all his life and had very deep emotions towards the Pill Hall. Now that this matter involved the Pill Hall’s honor, he had no other option but to throw his old face away.

A 200 plus-year-old man facing a 15-year-old youth. Even if he won, it would be winning unscrupulously.

If he lost, then his reputation would truly be lost.

If this were before, Xin Yuanshu would never really think of the word ’lost.’ But with Shao Yun’s incident as the herald, he did not have too much assurance currently.

Just as everyone said, this Ye Yuan was very peculiar.

The elders were initially worried that Elder Xin would be unwilling to stand up. Now that they saw him agree, they were naturally beside themselves with joy.

. . . . . .

Xin Yuanshu was not as arrogant as Shao Yun. When he arrived at the Earth Barracks, he directly knocked on the No. 72 door.

After Shao Yun’s service, Ye Yuan’s residence was already familiarized by the Pill Hall elders.

Before this, these elders truly would not be able to remember what number residence a core disciple was staying in.

The one who opened the door was still Lu-er. She only peeked her small head out and did not have any intention of letting Xin Yuanshu enter.

Xin Yuanshu was just about to speak when Lu-er took the initiative. "May I ask for this elder’s name?"

Xin Yuanshu was dumbfounded, but he still reported his name. "This old man is Xin Yuanshu, the Pill Hall’s Third Seat. I’m . . ."

Bang!

Lu-er shut the door before Xin Yuanshu even finished talking.

Xin Yuanshu was stunned at first before boundless humiliation and anger from embarrassment followed tightly!

Indeed, like master, like servant!

The master is so insensible, and the maidservant is the same!

Who treats guests this way?

Even if you, Ye Yuan, are really a Pill Hall elder, I, Xin Yuanshu, am also your senior, right?

Xin Yuanshu was just about to blow his top when the door squeaked open again.

This time, Lu-er poked out a small head plus an arm.

"Elder Xin is it? This jade slip is for you. Young Master says that you’ll leave on your own after reading it." Lu-er was afraid that Xin Yuanshu would not read it, so she added on, "Uh . . . that Elder Shao Yun previously also left after reading the jade slip."

Finishing, the door shut with a bang again, and not a sound could be heard after.

Xin Yuanshu held the jade slip in his hand with a stupefied face.

He had already overlooked the way Ye Yuan and Lu-er treated guests and focused his attention on the latter half of Lu-er’s sentence.

Shao Yun actually went into seclusion because of this jade slip?

With Ye Yuan’s realm, what could the jade slip he carved be?

If one were to talk about something Ye Yuan had that Shao Yun would take a fancy upon, that could only be pill formulas!

Ye Yuan knew many pill formulas that the sect did not. This was already common knowledge among the elders. But would Shao Yun give up the challenge because of a pill formula?

Wasn’t this taking things too lightly?

After thinking for a long while, Xin Yuanshu could not figure it out either. He decided to take a look at the jade slip first!

When Xin Yuanshu sunk his divine sense into the jade slip, he immediately understood why Shao Yun entered closed-seclusion!

Following that, his expression became as interesting as Shao Yun’s . . .

. . . . . .

"Elder Xin has already gone for such a long time. Why isn’t he back yet?"

"No idea. Could it be that the two of them are locked in a pitched battle?"

"How is that possible? Elder Xin’s level is practically reaching Hall Head’s. Isn’t trashing Ye Yuan a piece of cake?"

"Then how do you explain why he hasn’t returned yet?"

In the Pill Hall, two elders fell silent at the same time. Suddenly, they exchanged glances. Their eyes were filled with disbelief, but they chorused together, "Can it be a closed-seclusion too?"

Hence, they sent somebody to inquire again. The result they obtained was indeed a closed-seclusion!

The group of elders exchanged glances but did not know what to say.

This sort of situation was seriously too abnormal . . .

The Pill Hall’s Third Seat and Fifth Seat went to find Ye Yuan to challenge him, but the result was that they entered seclusion bafflingly without even notifying them. What kind of situation was this?

"Just what kind of hex did Ye Yuan cast to actually let Elder Xin and Elder Shao enter a retreat with even giving us a heads up? They . . . didn’t fall under some kind of hex, right?"

When encountering an inexplicable situation, people would naturally lean towards black magic.

The group of elders had nothing to say in response.

After a long while, an elder suddenly stood up and said gravely, "I’ll go and meet Ye Yuan too. I don’t believe that he can make me enter closed-seclusion too!"

Finishing, without waiting for the group to stop him, he directly hastened out of the door.

He left threateningly, but the result was that he . . . did not come back either.

That elder also directly entered a closed-seclusion!

The development of this situation was more and more peculiar. The elders felt that this was absolutely preposterous.

If it was only one or two, then fine. But wasn’t three people somewhat unexplainable?

But this matter had yet to be concluded. In the following two days, there were several more elders who viewed themselves highly and were unwilling to submit that went to challenge Ye Yuan.

But . . . their outcomes were all . . . closed-seclusions!