Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2624: Evenly Matched!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The scale soared all the way, straight up to ninth grade!

Everyone held their breath, staring fixedly at the Cloud Mount Mother Stone.

Only two people were aloof and indifferent.

One was Cang Yongning; a hint of an arch appeared at the corner of his mouth, already feeling certain that it was impossible for Ye Yuan to reach ninth grade perfection.

While the other was Ye Yuan himself; it was as if nothing could move him.

Or should one say, that was confidence.

It was just that this confidence was so laughable when it landed in Cang Yongning’s eyes.

Did this guy really think that ninth grade superlative was so easy to achieve?

What kind of pain Cang Yongning himself experienced in the process of ninth grade to ninth grade, only he himself knew.

Without endless tempering, without willpower and perseverance, it was simply impossible to achieve!

How many complicated procedures were there in a pill refinement?

If it really needed to be sorted it out in detail, that was absolutely an astronomical order of magnitude!

Even if there was just a tiny trace of oversight, it would also make the quality unable to truly be consummated and reach perfection.

Even in the Pill Alliance, there was also a sentence that was circulated.

Ninth grade was easy; perfection was hard to seek!

Even some senior elders found it very difficult to truly reach perfection too!

It could be seen how difficult this step was!

If not for this, he, Cang Yongning, would also have not been able to overpower all heroes and become the holy son!

Therefore, it was impossible for Ye Yuan to reach perfection!

The scale rose little by little. It reached grand completion ninth grade very quickly.

This was also within reason.

Ye Yuan’s heavenly pill could be discerned to be grand completion ninth grade using the naked eye.

But, whether or not it could reach ninth grade perfection, this was the crux!

As the scale continued rising continuously, approaching the peak bit by bit, the audience was silent.

Cang Yongning smiled and said, “Being able to reach this step, your strength is already very good! Of course, if not because of this, it would have been impossible for you to force this holy son out too!”

Watching the scale approach perfection little by little, Cang Yongning was still talking in a jovial manner.

But the scale did not have the intention of stopping. It still closed in on perfection bit by bit.

Everyone’s hearts were pounding.

There was only less than the distance of a fingernail to perfection.

Could it reach perfection?

At this time, even Cang Yongning’s breathing became somewhat uneven too.

A thread away!

The scale continued climbing and reached half a fingernail very soon.

Then, it closed in on perfection little by little.

Cang Yongning’s breathing became more and more labored along with the increase of the scale.

“Maxed!” Right at the moment when the scale reached the limit, Luo Yunqing was the first to yell out.

He should be the most worried among the audience.

During this testing, he felt even more nervous than experiencing a great battle.

The slightest difference determined Ye Yuan’s life and death!

That instant when the scale reached the limit, Luo Yunqing felt his nerves that were tightly bound finally loosen.

“Ninth grade perfection! Ye Yuan also reached ninth grade perfection!”

“My God, he actually fought to a draw with the Pill Alliance’s holy son!”

“It turns out that Ye Yuan’s strength is actually so strong! No wonder he dares to set up the Pill Pavilion and contend with the Pill Alliance!”

… …

There was a series of exclamations all around, everyone was also extremely amazed.

They did not understand alchemy, but this did not prevent them from knowing about the difficulty of ninth grade perfection.

It could be said that for the scale on the Cloud Mount Mother Stone to reach the limit, this was originally something that was theoretical.

During the complicated and elaborate refinement, who dared to guarantee that there would be no mistakes?

The Pill Alliance’s Holy Son could do it, but that was because he was standing at the very summit of the Rainclear Continent’s alchemy path!

He had the Pill Alliance’s deep legacy!

He had endless heavenly medicines to practice! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

He had conditions that other heavenly alchemists were not equipped with!

But Ye Yuan had nothing!

He reached this step too!

How could this not make people marvel?

Cang Yongning’s expression was ugly to the extreme.

What right did this guy have?

How much hardship had he suffered? How many trials had he gone through to reach this step himself?

What right did this guy have to reach the sky in one step?

The Pill Alliance had naturally investigated Ye Yuan before. Cang Yongning knew that the time Ye Yuan ascended had not been long!

In fact, when this guy just ascended, his affinity was only one point!

If not for this, he also would not have underestimated Ye Yuan so much.

But what right did this guy have to reach ninth grade perfection in such a short time?

No, it must be a fluke!

Definitely a fluke!

“Lord Holy Son, this ninth grade perfection doesn’t seem to be so hard! You said it like flowers were cascading from the sky, saying to let me broaden my horizons. I was wondering how difficult it was!” Ye Yuan looked at Cang Yongning and said with a smile that was not a smile.

Cang Yongning’s face turned black, instantly having a feeling like he had his face slapped.

He postured too hard previously. Who knew that this guy was lucky and refined ninth grade perfection in one go?

He gave a cold snort and said in a solemn voice,?“Humph,?just got lucky, that’s all! Do you think that you can reach ninth grade perfection each time? Furthermore, don’t you forget, this round is the heavenly pill of your choice! In the next round, I’ll choose! Let me tell you, refining grade two heavenly pills, ninth grade perfection is my bottom-line! Also, you have to prevent me from refining a true grade heavenly pill at any time!”

Ye Yuan shrugged and said with a smile, “We’ll wait and see then! I want to see whether this ninth grade perfection is really that difficult or not.”

Both were ninth grade perfection. They naturally could not differentiate the relative superiority or inferiority.

The second round alchemy battle was naturally prepared ready very quickly.

The first round was the pill formula that Ye Yuan picked.

This round, it was Cang Yongning’s turn.

Cang Yongning directly chose a heavenly imperial pill!

He looked at Ye Yuan and said with a cold smile, “Heaven Decree Ice Marrow Pill, it’s my Pill Alliance’s unique pill formula, it has never circulated in the outside world before. It should be your first time refining, right? This holy son wants to see whether you can still reach ninth grade perfection or not!”

Ye Yuan was indifferent and said with a faint smile, “Another kind of heavenly imperial pill formula is it? Your Pill Alliance’s foundation is really deep enough! Thank you for your pill formula.”

Cang Yongning sneered and said, “You’ll be crying in a while.”

A few hours later, the second round alchemy battle started again!

Sure enough, it was still evenly matched in strength!

This Heaven Decree Ice Marrow Pill, Ye Yuan refined it without the slightest sluggish feeling, as if he had gone through severe training.

During these three months of alchemy battle, Ye Yuan was already very familiar with grade two heavenly pills.

Whether or not it was the first time refining, it did not make a big difference to him.

Actually, when Cang Yongning took out this heavenly imperial pill, he was not hoping that it could stump Ye Yuan all at once.

He understood that for Ye Yuan to be able to refine ninth grade perfection, his understanding of Alchemy Dao was already tracing back to the source.

A heavenly imperial pill was not enough to stump him.

However, when tracing back to the source again, there were still many uncertain factors in an unfamiliar pill formula.

As long as Ye Yuan’s foundation was the slightest bit not solid, flaws would occur.

If flaws occurred, it would not be able to reach ninth grade perfection.

This way, his victory would be within grasp!

At this time, what they competed in was true strength!

Refining a heavenly imperial pill, the two people’s commotion was greater than before.

As intense as always!

After a few hours, the two people finished refining.

After opening the furnace, sure enough, it was both grand completion ninth grade again.

This spectacular sight naturally attracted another wave of exclamations.

This kind of pinnacle showdown was simply enjoyable to them.

Cang Yongning was brimming with confidence, directly placing the heavenly pill onto the Cloud Mount Mother Stone.

The scale reached its peak very quickly.

Ninth grade perfection again!