Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2757: Race Against Time!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Amidst the boundless spatial turbulent flow, an azure light was shuttling indeterminately, the speed swift to the extreme.

The body of a true dragon was sufficient to pass through the chaos boundary wall. Traversing amidst this boundless spatial turbulent flow was naturally nothing.

Yan Jadetrue thought that Ye Yuan would choose to cultivate. That was because he felt that Ye Yuan did not have the ability to tear through the boundary.

Even if his strength reached Jade Sovereign Heaven, wanting to travel across these countless planes would require paying a huge price too, which was a thankless job.

But he clearly did not expect that Ye Yuan actually had the ability to traverse the void.

When he just broke through to Heavenly Stratum, Ye Yuan naturally did not have this ability.

But now, it was as easy as flipping over a hand to him.

The Lower Realms’ boundary wall was not compared to the 33 Heavens’ chaos.

Pffft!

In merely half a day’s time, Ye Yuan’s true dragon body passed through a boundary wall and arrived at a small chiliocosm.

Without the slightest hesitation, his divine sense covered the entire world brazenly without any scruple.

At this moment, the entire world was trembling heavily.

This divine sense was too powerful.

Very soon, several figures appeared before Ye Yuan.

An upper Lesser Sublime Heaven plucked up his courage and asked Ye Yuan with a slight tremor, “W-What’s Your Excellency looking for? I wonder if there’s anything we can help with?”

While talking, Ye Yuan’s divine sense already swept several times wantonly.

Even those subsidiary small worlds were also thoroughly searched by Ye Yuan.

But he did not discover any familiar people.

Rumble?…

Above the void, a terrifying heavenly tribulation was currently descending.

Ye Yuan’s two eyes glared, and the heavenly tribulation instantly dissipated!

The small chiliocosm’s martial artists were all dumbstruck with amazement.

Too strong!

One look actually forced heavenly tribulation back!

“Don’t have …” Ye Yuan muttered and turned into a true dragon again, tearing through the boundary.

When the few Heavenly Stratum powerhouses saw Ye Yuan leave, they all let out a long sigh in relief.

But very soon, that upper Lower Realms Heavenly Stratum’s face had a trace of melancholy, and he said, “This is a true powerhouse! I feel like he could crush us with a single thought! We, these people, assume hegemony in the Lower Realms and really became frogs at the bottom of a well! I’ve decided to ascend to the Heavenly Realm after half a year!”

The expressions of the other Heavenly Stratum powerhouses changed abruptly when they heard that.

But very soon, they felt at ease too.

The Heavenspan World was merely a dilapidated small chiliocosm. It had already been refined by Yan Jadetrue and fused as one with the Heavenspan Mountain.

Hence, there was no such thing as ascension too.

In reality, for ordinary small chiliocosms, after reaching Heavenly Stratum, one would be able to ascend.

However, they would have to suffer a terrifying heavenly tribulation!

Therefore, many powerhouses would rather cover up their auras and not ascend to the 33 Heavens.

But Ye Yuan’s appearance made them realize that this kind of days was merely deceiving themselves as well as others.

Ye Yuan naturally would not care about what these people thought. He only came to find his people. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In a day, Ye Yuan flew to hundreds of small chiliocosms and great trichiliocosms.

But the result was disappointing!

He did not even find a single acquaintance!

“Kid, in the 33 Heavens, each heaven rules hundreds of millions of planes. You’re like a headless fly. Until when will you have to search for them?” Mi Tian said.

“Yan Jadetrue is a heaven’s chosen of his generation too! For him to be able to reach this step, what he relied on isn’t just the Heavenspan Mountain! I can feel that his origin divinity body has already been perfected and is likely only half a step away from True Sovereign Heaven. With his talent, the breakthrough will likely be in these few years! Once he breaks through to True Sovereign Heaven, even though Frivolous Life Like a Dream is formidable, it might not be able to kill him. Furthermore, don’t you forget, he … is a powerhouse who has truly grasped time rule! I don’t want to leave my fate in the hands of someone else!” Ye Yuan said coolly.

Only when they saw Yan Jadetrue did Ye Yuan and Mi Tian know that they had underestimated him.

Originally, they thought that Yan Jadetrue was at most just an upper Saint Sovereign Heaven.

Who knew that he lost his physical body, but his origin divinity body improved further and was only half a step away from True Sovereign Heaven!

Furthermore, in these hundreds of millions of years, he specialized in cultivating the origin divinity and already condensed the origin divinity incomparably.

Maybe he did not have powerful combat strength, but his strength could not be underestimated.

Frivolous Life Like a Dream was naturally useful, but how useful it was, it was really hard to say.

Furthermore, once Yan Jadetrue broke through to True Sovereign Heaven very quickly, the effect of Frivolous Life Like a Dream would be greatly discounted.

Ye Yuan also did not want to pin his hopes on his opponent’s mistakes.

Therefore, he had to race against time with Yan Jadetrue!

“But there are myriads of planes. How will you find them?” Mi Tian said.

“Yan Jadetrue doesn’t have the body of a true dragon. Although origin divinity body can also travel through the void, it’s much worse compared to the body of a true dragon! With his ability, how far can he hide those people? If I search outward in a spiral manner with the Heavenspan World as the center, I can always find them!” Ye Yuan said.

Mi Tian was taken aback when he heard and could not help laughing as he said, “Fine lad, I underestimated you! You’re racing against time now!”

Ye Yuan nodded slightly, but his movements did not stop in the least bit.

Several days later, Ye Yuan arrived at a small chiliocosm again.

Sweeping his divine sense, Ye Yuan’s brows raised up, and his mind shook!

He actually found an acquaintance here!

Sacred Ancestor High Priest, Wing!

At this time, Wing was currently being besieged by several top powerhouses.

However, Ye Yuan’s reckless scanning already brought the battle to an abrupt end.

Too horrifying!

Ye Yuan frowned, and those people around Wing immediately turned into clouds of blood mist.

He took a step out and arrived in front of Wing.

“Ye Yuan!”

When Wing saw Ye Yuan, tears could not help running down his face.

His aura was completely different from this small chiliocosm’s powerhouses.

He spent each day in the midst of pursuit.

He really had to thank heaven and earth for being able to live until now.

He still wanted to say more, but Ye Yuan made a gesture. A powerful origin divinity power instantly invaded Wing’s sea of consciousness.

Wing’s entire body trembled violently. Facing Ye Yuan’s crude method, he had no ability to resist at all and could only be at his whims.

Ye Yuan revolved the Divine Emergence’s secret art and wiped away Yan Jadetrue’s mark overbearingly. Only then did he withdraw his origin divinity power.

Wing was struck dumb with amazement. Just how strong was the current Ye Yuan?

Even if it was that legendary Heavenly Stratum, it was impossible to achieve this too, right?

He was simply like a puppet in front of him, unable to control himself at all.

At this time, life and death were not up to him either!

That sort of feeling was like when he was abducted to this world back then.

That feeling of having no command over himself really drove people crazy.

Wing still wanted to say something, but Ye Yuan said coolly, “Talk on the way. I’m in a hurry!”

Done talking, Ye Yuan’s divine essence stirred, and he put Wing into his chaos world.

Ye Yuan did not remain in the slightest and traverse the void again.

He did not waste time. Wasting a second here might kill someone closest to him.

And at the same time, Yan Jadetrue suddenly snapped open both eyes, his pupils constricting slightly as he muttered to himself, “It’s just been three days. He already found the first person? When I sent the first person out, it took half a month’s time! This kid is so fast! It looks like I can’t delay anymore!”