Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2758: Windfall!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Withered Glory Great World, one of the three great forbidden lands, the Ancient Devil Forbidden Land.

A white tiger was dyed in blood all over, currently standing facing a Heavenly Stratum ancient devil, panting heavily.

The ancient devil looked at the white tiger and said coolly, “I didn’t expect that you, this little tiger, would actually be able to erupt with the attack of a Heavenly Stratum! But unfortunately, you’re still too weak!”

This white tiger was none other than precisely Ye Yuan’s good brother, White Light.

White Light looked at the ancient devil stubbornly and said, “Is that so? Then … What about now?”

Boom!

Suddenly, a shocking power erupted from White Light’s body.

Bloodline power gushed out, shaking the entire forbidden land until it trembled endlessly.

The ancient devil’s pupils constricted, and he cried out in surprise, “This kid’s … bloodline actually evolved again! Counting this time, he has already evolved three times in a row in this battle! How troublesome … It looks like I have to send you on your way!”

White Light’s overwhelming aura surged straight towards the sky.

Clearly, White Light’s rise made the ancient devil very fearful too.

However, the ancient devil clearly would not give him this chance.

It was only to see him raise his palm; an enormous devil image condensed and formed behind him.

The devil image did not hesitate in the slightest, directly slamming a punch over.

This devil image’s punch carried a terrifying power of rule, powerful until it was suffocating.

White Light gritted his teeth, and he said hatefully, “A little more! I’m still missing one last bit! If I can get through this, then I’ll be able to corroborate my Dao as Heavenly Stratum! I must catch up to Big Brother’s footsteps!”

“Roar!”

At the critical moment, White Light’s body burst forth with a dazzling light.

At this moment, he squeezed out all of his potential and suddenly threw a punch out.

Bang!

White Light’s figure flew out backward, fresh blood spraying out of his mouth wildly everywhere like a kite with a broken string.

But at the same time, that devil image was actually directly scattered by this one punch!

The ancient devil’s expression changed wildly. Without the slightest hesitation, he turned into an afterimage and rushed toward White Light.

The current White Light was only a hair’s breadth away from Heavenly Stratum!

That punch earlier even struck with a power exceeding Heavenly Stratum.

If he did not kill White Light, the consequences were too ghastly to contemplate!

That punch just now, White Light already used all of his strength.

Seeing the ancient devil rush over, a hint of sorrow flashed across in White Light’s eyes.

Sure enough, was he still going to die here?

But right at this time, amidst his blurry vision, a white figure suddenly blocked in front of him.

He only heard the ancient devil scream miserably and directly turned into nothingness.

Following that, an extremely condensed divine essence entered his body.

White Light’s injuries were recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye.

“Calm the spirit and focus your mind; comprehend Heavenly Dao! Heavenly Dao is heartless, but people are sentient! I go against Heaven with my blood and trample Kunlun to be equal to Heaven!”

White Light’s entire body trembled, and he was wildly ecstatic.

But, hearing this sonorous and powerful voice, his heart turned somber, and he immediately calmed his spirit and focused his mind, assaulting Heavenly Stratum!

With this guidance, it made him have a feeling of dispelling the clouds!

Boom!

After cultivating bitterly for tens of thousands of years, White Light finally broke through Heavenly Stratum’s fetters and achieved Heavenly Stratum!

Under Ye Yuan’s help, White Light consolidated his realm very quickly.

“Big Brother!” White Light hugged Ye Yuan and was overjoyed.

“Huhu,?good brother, to actually rely on your own power and breakthrough to Heavenly Stratum! Incredible!” Ye Yuan was also relieved as he said those words.

After five years, Ye Yuan traversed hundreds of millions of planes and finally found White Light in Withered Glory Great World.

During these five years, Ye Yuan did not stop for a moment and finally found Lu-er, Profound Secrets, and the rest, one by one.

At this very moment, apart from Yue Mengli who was not found yet, Ye Yuan already found the rest.

However, Ye Yuan also knew that Yan Jadetrue was likely about to break through!

He did not have much time anymore!

“Heh, how can I embarrass Big Brother? When I woke up, I discovered that the world had changed. At that time, I was at a loss for a while. However, I could clearly feel Heavenly Dao rules in Withered Glory Great World. The bloodline power in my body actually erupted again. I was thinking that since I came, I might as well stay and make the best of it. I’ll break through to Heavenly Stratum here and ascend to the Heavenly Realm and go find Big Brother! It’s just that I didn’t expect that Big Brother you actually came!” White Light said with a smile.

Ye Yuan nodded slightly and said, “This matter is hard to sum up in a short time. Let’s talk again later! Right now, the crisis isn’t resolved yet!”

As he said, Ye Yuan purged the mark in White Light’s body and was about to leave.

But right at this time, he suddenly sensed something, and his footsteps could not help pausing.

“Mn??This is …”

Ye Yuan’s figure moved, bringing Ye Yuan to the deepest part of the Ancient Devil Forbidden Land.

The dangers here did not count as dangerous to him at all.

An enormous array formation was set up in this Ancient Devil Forbidden Land.

This deepest part was where the center of the array formation lay.

Ahead, in the heart of the array formation, a five-colored stone was suspended in the center of the array formation, emitting waves of powerful force.

“There’s no mistake, Myriad Realms Mountain! There was a five-colored heavenly stone among the seven chaos treasures that the Lord of Chaos refined back then! However, this five-colored heavenly stone in front is even more pitiful than that one in your hands! At this time, it’s probably only at the level of a Mortal Stratum treasure!” Mi Tian suddenly said.

Earlier, Ye Yuan was just about to leave when he discovered that the Heavenspan Mountain in his body actually vibrated inexplicably.

Ye Yuan felt in his heart as if he had encountered a friend.

Coming here to take a look, it was indeed the case!

“No matter what, I found the second Myriad Realms Mountain!”

As he said, Ye Yuan directly reached his hand out and grabbed the five-colored heavenly stone.

This array formation was fragile like paper paste in front of him.

When White Light saw this scene, he could not help feeling shocked.

In his view, Heavenly Stratum was already extremely strong.

But looking at it now, Heavenly Stratum was simply an ant-like existence in front of Big Brother!

He narrowly escaped death in order to enter the Ancient Devil Forbidden Land.

Moreover, this place was the Ancient Devil Forbidden Land’s hinterland, the most dangerous place.

But, Ye Yuan actually seemed to have entered his own backyard.

“Big Brother, this stone …” White Light said with uncertainty.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “You can understand it as that this is another Heavenspan Mountain!”

When White Light heard that, his pupils could not help constricting.

He knew how powerful the Heavenspan Mountain was! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He did not expect that this stone was actually comparable to the Heavenspan Mountain!

“Kid, smelt the five-colored heavenly stone into one with the Heavenspan Mountain, and it will be able to promote the Myriad Realms Mountain to a grade two grandmist treasure! With its help, it will be a cinch for you to jump realms and battle!” Mi Tian said.

Ye Yuan’s eyes lit up, but he immediately smiled bitterly and said, “Senior, where will I go to find grandmist energy now?”

“Idiot! Didn’t you bring many grandmist treasures out of the Labyrinth Divine Palace? With grandmist treasures, there’s naturally grandmist energy! You extract those grandmist energy, and then fuse it into the five-colored heavenly stone. It will be enough to let it recover to the extent of a grade one grandmist treasure. About the remaining grandmist energy, you should use it to smelt the two Myriad Realms Mountains!” Mi Tian said.

When Ye Yuan heard that, he smacked his head and said, “It turns out that it can still be done like this!”

Ye Yuan obtained a total of 34 grandmist treasures from the Labyrinth Divine Palace.

After giving those Saint Exalts as well as Big Yellow, he spent a total of 13. There were still 21 left in his possession.

With so many grandmist treasures, it was sufficient to be used to fuse the five-colored heavenly stone!