Chapter 2763: Brothers of One Mind, the Sharpness Can Cut Metal!

Dong!

Zhang Kaiyun’s dead body fell to the ground heavily. Everyone was startled, only then, coming back to their senses.

Dead?

Earlier, what kind of great soul-stirring battle was that!

But now, they did not even detect origin divinity undulation, and Zhang Kaiyun was already dead.

A Saint Sovereign Heaven powerhouse was weak like a little chick.

Hearing that Ye Yuan had the Heavenspan Mountain in his hands, there were still many people whose thoughts were stirring just now.

But now, they immediately extinguished this thought.

Too dangerous.

What did the Pill Alliance’s origin divinity secret arts amount to in front of the soul race’s Divine Emergence?

It was true that Ye Yuan had expended a lot of energy, but killing a Zhang Kaiyun at the same rank was not considered very hard.

“Go tell the Pill Alliance. I, Ye Yuan, am back.”

Ye Yuan’s gaze swept across the crowd, and he returned to the Heavenspan World.

Very soon, news concerning this battle spread rapidly.

In the Five Great Heavenly Regions. Everything was in a stir!

The True Sovereign Heaven that only existed in the legends appeared.

But this True Sovereign Heaven had just appeared and was actually driven away by the Ye Yuan who returned domineeringly!

The Ye Yuan, who had once established the Pill Pavilion and triggered the Pill Alliance War, was not dead!

He returned!

He already grew to the point where he could instantly kill Saint Sovereign Heavens!

Various major heavenly sects of the Five Great Heavenly Regions started to have their thoughts stir.

Becoming the Pill Alliance’s puppets was just due to the Pill Alliance’s despotic power. The various sects’ powerhouses were naturally not willing.

That indifferent sentence when Ye Yuan left was undoubtedly telling the Pill Alliance that he, Ye Yuan, already had the ability to enact revenge!

However, powerhouses from all around were still waiting and watching.

They were waiting, waiting for how Ye Yuan would take vengeance on the Pill Alliance!

... ...

At the Pill Alliance, in their great hall, several dozen powerful auras made people give sidelong glances.

Li Changsheng was seated high above, his gaze staring at a Saint Sovereign Heaven below, and said nothing for a long time.

The atmosphere in the great hall seemed very inhibiting.

That Saint Sovereign Heaven who was being stared at had cold sweat breaking out profusely on his forehead.

Finally, he could not endure this gaze and stepped out of the ranks and said, “General Alliance, this ... at that time, I pierced through the void with one punch and completely messed up the spatial rule! Logically speaking, it’s absolutely impossible for him to have survived!”

This person was precisely the Five Light Pill Alliance’s Alliance Chief who led the Pill Alliance to destroy the Martial Secure Heavenly Sect that day, Zhao Ding!

When the news came, his first reaction was that it was nonsense!

A Greater Sublime Heavenly Stratum actually survived under his punch!

This sort of thing was too fantastical!

“But he has indeed lived! Not only did he survive, but he even cultivated to Saint Sovereign Heaven!” Li Changsheng said indifferently, without joy nor sorrow.

“This ... This ... General Alliance, you give me a chance. I’ll go kill him!” Zhao Ding gritted his teeth and said.

Li Changsheng looked right at him and said, “Can you kill him? When Zhang Kaiyun confronted him, he was instantly killed by him with an origin divinity attack! Although you’re middle Saint Sovereign Heaven, are you sure that you can block his origin divinity attack?”

“I ...”

Zhao Ding was speechless.

The news that came over was too ridiculous!

The lower Saint Sovereign Heaven Ye Yuan actually beat a True Sovereign Heaven until he covered his head and scurried away.

How could this kind of thing possibly happen?

But it seemed like many impossible things had already happened.

At this time, Li Changsheng suddenly took a jade slip out and said coolly, “This is an origin divinity defense mystic art. After cultivating it, it’s sufficient to resist origin divinity attacks of the same level! During this period, you all put aside the affairs in your hands and cultivate well! No matter how strong that brat is, he’s merely one person, that’s all. He can’t stir up much of a wave.”

The moment everyone heard, they were immediately overjoyed!

Origin divinity attacks were extremely hard to defend against. With this, they would not be afraid of Ye Yuan anymore.

Zhao Ding was overjoyed and said, “Many thanks, General Alliance! General Alliance, rest assured. After this subordinate cultivates this mystic art, I’ll definitely go and kill this boy!”

Li Changsheng nodded slightly and did not say anything.

A measly little Ye Yuan, he did not take him seriously.

... ...

At the Blood Alliance, a man stood on top of the mountain with his hands behind his back, his gaze excited as he said, “Punk, I knew that you wouldn’t die so easily! As long as the two of us brothers are around, Martial Secure Heavenly Sect isn’t destroyed! There will come one day where we’ll annihilate the Pill Alliance!”

The famous Blood Alliance’s Alliance Chief was precisely Martial Secure Heavenly Sect’s former heaven’s chosen, Luo Yunqing!

These few years, he had been improved amidst slaughter, and finally, he reached half-step Saint Sovereign Heaven.

It was just that wanting to destroy the Pill Alliance was still far away and not in the foreseeable future.

Ye Yuan’s return boosted his confidence, and he finally saw a glimmer of light.

... ...

At the Heavenspan World, when Mi Tian saw Ye Yuan, he directly let loose a torrent of abuse.

“You bastard, why didn’t you die outside! Got to scam Your Father each time, messing around like you do, Your Father will be scammed by you until death before even returning home! Looking at your half-dead appearance, it’s better off to be dead!”

Mi Tian made Yue Mengli carry Ye Yuan’s physical body back to the Labyrinth Divine Palace. He made use of the array formations in the Labyrinth Divine Palace to restore the fleshy boy’s losses.

But Ye Yuan was currently an out-and-out pauper.

During his previous cultivation, Ye Yuan had depleted all of his heavenly crystals. Later, in order to push on with the journey, he used up the heavenly pills on him.

Helpless, Mi Tian could only inject his own true dragon power into the array formation to help Ye Yuan make up for the losses.

In the end, he suffered a great loss in vitality again this time. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, this time was better than the last time. He still had the strength to scold people.

Seeing Ye Yuan’s origin divinity’s weak appearance, Yue Mengli said worriedly, “Big Brother Yuan, are you alright?”

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “It’s okay. The Heavenspan World’s hidden danger is considered completely uprooted this time! Later, I’ll help you all reach Heavenly Stratum. We’ll go to the 33 Heavens together!”

Yue Mengli said, “Then ... have you found a way to save Elder Sister Lingxue?”

Ye Yuan nodded and said, “Before long, I’ll be able to help her condense her soul! Speaking of which, I still have to thank Senior Mi Tian for this matter.”

“Humph!”

Mi Tian snorted coldly.

These two people were publicly displaying affection, directly disregarding him.

You scold yours; I’ll be mushy on my own.

“Really? That’s great! Heaven has eyes, finally being able to resurrect Big Sister Lingxue!” Yue Mengli jumped up excitedly.

She knew what the greatest haze in Ye Yuan’s heart was, so she was happy for Ye Yuan from the bottom of her heart.

As for this origin divinity’s injuries, it was nothing to Ye Yuan.

The soul race fought with origin divinity state. Damage was inevitable.

Since the Divine Emergence was the soul race’s supreme canon, there was naturally the method to restore origin divinity.

Three months later, Ye Yuan finally recovered to his peak state.

After Ye Yuan returned to Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven, he severed the plane passageway with one sword, directly separating the Heavenspan World and Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven.

This way, he would completely have no worries.

Without the plane passageway, even if it was a Saint Sovereign Heaven powerhouse, they would not be able to pass through the boundary wall and reach the Heavenspan World as well.

Having just returned to the Rainclear Continent, a figure came up to greet. It was precisely Luo Yunqing!

“Ye Yuan! Haha, I finally found you!”

Ye Yuan’s brows raised up, and he said in pleasant surprise, “Brother Luo, you’re safe and sound. It’s really great!”

After some small talk, Luo Yunqing smiled and said, “Ye Yuan, since you came back, join our Blood Alliance! Us brothers of one mind, the sharpness can cut metal! No matter how strong the Pill Alliance is, we can always destroy them one day!”

“The Blood Alliance?” Ye Yuan was taken aback and said in surprise, “It turns out that this Blood Alliance was actually founded by you!”

Luo Yunqing laughed loudly and said, “Right now, there are 36 organizations resisting the Pill Alliance in the Five Great Heavenly Regions! My Blood Alliance is the strongest one! Overthrowing the Pill Alliance is a heavy burden with a long way to go. But, you and I being of one mind, we’ll be able to accomplish it one day!”

Ye Yuan looked at Luo Yunqing, a hint of strangeness revealing on his face..