Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2767: Three Strikes Breaking the Mountain Gates!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After over a hundred years, the Martial Secure Heavenly Sect back then already became totally different.

Back then, the top brass of the Martial Secure Heavenly Sect died in battle. Thousands of disciples fled in all directions, and there were crumbling walls and ruins everywhere.

But now, many large buildings rose straight from the ground.

This place was grander compared to the Martial Secure Heavenly Sect back then!

This place was presently where the Pill Alliance’s Martial Secure Branch Alliance was at. But the buildings were magnificent, and powerhouses were as plentiful as clouds!

A hundred years passed, the Pill Alliance concentrated the entire Rainclear Continent’s resources and nurtured batch after batch of top powerhouses.

These few years, they gave birth to a large batch of Saint Sovereign Heavens, let alone talk about half-step Saint Sovereign Heavens and Jade Sovereign Heaven powerhouses.

In this Martial Secure Branch, just the half-step Saint Sovereign Heaven powerhouses were as many as more than ten!

The significance of half-step Saint Sovereign Heaven was different from grand completion Jade Sovereign Heaven.

Half-step Saint Sovereign Heaven, that was the reserve power of Saint Sovereign Heaven that could break through at any time.

After that battle, the Pill Alliance partitioned 15 big and small regions on the foundation of the Five Great Heavenly Regions, abolishing the Five Great Heavenly Regions’ division.

And each region had a branch holding down the fort.

The alliance chief of the branch were all Saint Sovereign Heaven powerhouses!

Furthermore, there were transmission arrays connecting each branch!

The branch also established a unified transmission array between the various major heavenly sects as well as great nations.

This way, the Pill Alliance strengthened their control over the Five Great Heavenly Regions greatly.

The various major heavenly sects could not set off any waves at all.

If there was really someone concocting a scheme, the Pill Alliance’s powerhouses could arrive right away.

At this time, Ye Yuan was standing before the Martial Secure Branch’s mountain pass gates, his gaze looking toward the main peak with a reminiscing expression.

“Who is it to dare be here? Don’t you know what this place is? Hurry up and get lost; otherwise, you’ll get it!” Two Jade Sovereign Heavens flew out and were about to chase Ye Yuan away.

Ye Yuan did not get angry either, saying with a smile, “I really don’t know. What is this place?”

One of them said in a solemn voice, “Ignorant fool, this place is the Pill Alliance’s Martial Secure Branch!”

Ye Yuan nodded slightly and said smilingly, “Then that’s right! The Pill Alliance should feel hurt after destroying this place, right?”

The expressions of the two Jade Sovereign Heavens changed wildly, and they knew that he came to make trouble and was about to make a move.

But how could Ye Yuan give them a chance?

Only to see him throw a punch out lightly, the two people directly turned into a cloud of blood mist.

Three years had already passed since Ye Yuan returned to the Myriad Demons Mountain.

In these three years, Ye Yuan used true grade heavenly pills and forcefully raised his realm to grand completion Jade Sovereign Heaven.

Now, he was only a step away from breaking through.

His origin divinity already reached Saint Sovereign Heaven, and his physical body also reached the limit of Jade Sovereign Heaven. Breaking through to Saint Sovereign Heaven was just something that would happen naturally without extra effort.

But forcibly breaking through would cause the foundation to be unstable.

Therefore, Ye Yuan needed to consolidate his realm first before breaking through and then only look for an opportunity to do so.

Fighting was naturally the best method.

Challenging the Pill Alliance’s branch could firstly get him accustomed to his cultivation realm. Secondly, it could feel out the Pill Alliance’s situation.

Therefore, he came to the Martial Secure Branch all by himself.

In the mountain gates, gate-guarding disciples saw this scene and could not help getting a shock, hurriedly sending out emergency communication out.

A disciple cried out in alarm, “Hurry up and activate the mountain protecting grand array! Hurry up and activate the mountain protecting grand array!”

The mountain protecting grand array was also activated right away.

They saw that Ye Yuan was extremely strong previously. That was why they notified Jade Sovereign Heaven powerhouses to come.

Who knew that the other party was unreasonable and directly killed them with a punch!

At this time, the mountain protecting grand array activated, giving off undulations that were sufficient to suppress and kill Saint Sovereign Heavens, calming them down slightly.

After all, the other party was just a grand completion Jade Sovereign Heaven.

This mountain protecting grand array was laid down by the General Alliance’s grade five heavenly formation master, its power immense.

Even if a Saint Sovereign Heaven trespassed, they would be seeking death too.

Ye Yuan grinned. The Myriad Realms Mountain after the upgrade was already in his hand.

He recited a spell, and then he uttered, “Go.”

The Myriad Realms Mountain directly turned into a giant mountain and squelched down towards the mountain protecting grand array.

All of Martial Secure Branch’s powerhouses saw this giant mountain.

Each one of them, their expressions changed wildly!

“It can block, right? It must be able to block!”

“The other party is merely a grand completion Jade Sovereign Heaven, how can he possibly breach the mountain protecting grand array?”

“But, this pressure is really so terrifying!”

… …

Crack!

The Myriad Realms Mountain and the mountain protecting grand array came into contact, and a shattering sound was immediately heard.

Immediately, the powerful mountain protecting grand array had countless fine cracks fissuring apart.

When all the powerhouses saw this scene, each and every one of their expressions changed wildly.

“A little interesting! This Pill Alliance’s origin is mysterious. Indeed, they have some means! This grand array is not ordinary!”

As Ye Yuan said, the divine essence in his body poured out crazily again.

The Myriad Realms Mountain fell from the sky once more, suppressing down!

Crack!

The fine cracks on the mountain protecting grand array became even more.

Collapse was only in the next moment.

“This … This is a grade two grandmist treasure! How is this possible?”

When Zhao Ding saw this scene, his complexion could not help turning deathly pale!

This Martial Secure Branch’s alliance chief was precisely the main culprit who destroyed the Martial Secure Heavenly Sect and killed He Xuyan and Feng Xuanyi, Zhao Ding!

In the branch, the others also had terrified expressions, and even started preparing to flee.

The power of this Myriad Realms Mountain was seriously too strong!

“Break for me!”

Ye Yuan bellowed, and the Myriad Realms Mountain crashed down with a loud bang for the third time!

Boom! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The mountain protecting grand array shattered in response, and the Myriad Realms Mountain fell directly on the front mountain.

In an instant, wails of doom filled the lands.

The Pill Alliance disciples staying in the front mountain who were crushed to death were beyond count!

In reality, it was effortless for Ye Yuan to pass through the grand array.

However, he intentionally created this commotion in order to make the Pill Alliance despair!

Just like how they brought it to the Martial Secure Heavenly Sect back then!

Even if he expended a large amount of divine essence, he would not hesitate too!

Grade two grandmist treasure, the power was unrivaled and terrifying. The consumption was naturally huge too.

With Ye Yuan’s present strength, he could at most control it around five times.

Once the five times was up, he would be powerless to control it anymore.

However, these five times, even if it was a middle Saint Sovereign Heaven who was struck solidly, they would definitely die beyond doubt too!

“Where did this little saboteur come from, to dare act wildly at my Pill Alliance!” Zhao Ding roared and arrived in an instant.

When Ye Yuan saw the arrival, his brows could not help raising.

He did not recognize Zhao Ding, but he would never forget this aura!

“So, it’s you!?Huhu,?it saved me the trouble of going to the Pill Alliance’s general alliance to find people! I didn’t expect that you actually stayed in the Martial Secure Heavenly Sect!” Ye Yuan looked at Zhao Ding and said with a smile that was not a smile.

Zhao Ding’s brows furrowed, and he said, “You know me?”

He merely gave Ye Yuan a punch across the air back then and did not know Ye Yuan’s aura.

And the Ye Yuan back then was merely an ant that could be easily crushed to death in his eyes, that was all.

Even if a huge commotion was caused, he did not pay attention to it either.

A genius who had not grown up was nothing at all!

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “More than a hundred years ago, you gave me a punch across the air. Have you forgotten all about it now?”

“You’re Ye Yuan!”

Zhao Ding’s shock was by no means insignificant!

He did not know that Ye Yuan actually had a grade two grandmist treasure in his hands!

That power just now, it was sufficient even to kill him too!

Of course, power was power, but whether or not it could hit was another matter altogether.

Saint Sovereign Heaven powerhouses would not stand there foolishly for Ye Yuan to suppress and kill.

However, he also knew that Ye Yuan’s origin divinity had already reached Saint Sovereign Heaven, and he could instantly kill same rank powerhouses!

Not seeing him for a short hundred years, this guy actually already grew to such a level.

Too terrifying!

“Huhu,?it looks like I still have some fame, to actually be able to be remembered by a Saint Sovereign Heaven! Back then, you brought people to destroy my Martial Secure Heavenly Sect. Then today, I’ll destroy your Martial Secure Branch by myself! An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth; it isn’t too overboard, right?”

Ye Yuan grinned, his figure instantly disappearing from where he originally was.

Zhao Ding’s expression changed wildly. In a blink of an eye, Ye Yuan had already entered the mountain pass gates!

A massacre began!