Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2772: Shouting Himself Hoarse!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

At virtually the same time, the two people stuffed a heavenly pill into their mouths.

The two people’s injuries were rapidly recovering.

The Pill Alliance never lacked heavenly pills.

After Ye Yuan ended the Bright Sun Branch, he seized a large batch of heavenly medicines and heavenly pills too.

At this time, his wallet plumped up again.

“Middle Saint Sovereign Heaven, merely thus!” Ye Yuan looked at Zhao Ding, smilingly coldly without ceasing.

Zhao Ding’s expression was ugly as he said with a cold snort, “Merely borrowing an external force, that’s all! What’s there to be smug about? The power of a grade two grandmist treasure is great, but how many times can you deploy it?”

He was unyielding verbally, but Zhao Ding’s back broke out into a cold sweat.

Ye Yuan’s origin divinity attack was too strong. Even he had a momentary lapse too.

Just now, the combined attack of Ye Yuan’s spatial rule, origin divinity attack, plus Myriad Realms Mountain, was swift until it made people feel asphyxiated.

If he was slower by half a beat, he would have been crushed into minced meat by the Myriad Realms Mountain currently.

“Wouldn’t you know if you try it out for yourself? Today, either you die or I perish!”

Ye Yuan laughed coldly, his figure moving out again.

Boom!

The void trembled again!

The terrifying aftershock directly shocked everyone. Some low-level disciples could already detect it even from afar. There were three Saint Sovereign Heaven powerhouse who had already arrived but remained in hiding. They did not show themselves.

He smiled coldly in his heart but was unmoved on the surface, dealing with Zhao Ding.

Ye Yuan deployed the Myriad Realms Mountain. His energy was being rapidly consumed.

But before coming, he had already prepared enough heavenly pills.

Swallowing true grade heavenly pills crazily in the midst of fierce fighting to make up for the fierce consumption of divine essence.

Seeing Ye Yuan eating so many true grade heavenly pills like candy, Zhao Ding cursed heavily in his heart too.

Too freaking extravagant!

Even in the Pill Alliance, grade four true grade heavenly pills were extremely precious things too.

In the Pill Alliance, there were really not many who could refine grade four true grade heavenly pills. Furthermore, the success rate was extremely low.

Especially this kind of consumable-type true grade heavenly pill, the distribution was extremely strict.

Nobody could utilize grade four heavenly pills as efficiently as Ye Yuan, and there was naturally no one who was so extravagant too.

As for Zhao Ding, he was a Saint Sovereign Heaven powerhouses himself and needed to consume grade five heavenly pills.

True grade was a luxury.

Even Alliance Chief Li Changsheng could not refine it either.

Grade five heavenly pills were naturally even more precious because of heavenly medicines.

Even Zhao Ding did not have many grade five heavenly pills on him either.

The two people exchanged more than ten rounds in a row, shocking until the entire Martial Secure Branch was trembling incessantly.

Ye Yuan was dyed in blood from head to toe. Zhao Ding was no better as well.

The power of the Myriad Realms Mountain was too strong. Even if it was being swept by the aftershock, his injuries were not light either.

He was not as extravagant as Ye Yuan, eating true grade heavenly pills like candy. He could only rely on himself to forcefully resist.

And unknowingly, 13 Saint Sovereign Heaven powerhouses already gathered in the Martial Secure Branch!

Apart from the Bright Sun Branch, the other branches’ alliance chiefs have all arrived.

Each and every one of them was also dumbstruck with shock when they saw these two people’s battle.

“This guy ... if he were to keep fighting like this, he could exhaust Zhao Ding to death!”

“Are true grade heavenly pills so worthless?”

“It was indeed an incomparably correct decision for the General Alliance to want to destroy the Pill Pavilion back then! Otherwise, now, our Pill Alliance likely won’t have the day where we can hold our heads up anymore! This kid has likely already surpassed the General Alliance in Alchemy Dao!”

... ...

These Pill Alliance’s Saint Sovereign heavens, there were many who were grade five heavenly alchemists.

They knew that grade four heavenly medicines were not cabbages.

Even if it was these conventional heavenly medicines, they were very precious too.

The fact that Ye Yuan could take out so many true grade heavenly pills, it could only mean that his utilization of heavenly medicines was extremely high!

They all, these grade five heavenly alchemists, and even the Alliance Head Li Changsheng, had to bow down in defeat in front of Ye Yuan too.

While talking, 13 Saint Sovereign Heaven powerhouses already completed the encirclement against Ye Yuan.

Boom! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The two people exchanged more than ten moves frenziedly. Zhao Ding finally could not hold on anymore and spurted a mouthful of fresh blood wildly.

The current Zhao Ding had a disorderly aura, in a state of disarray.

Ye Yuan swallowed a few heavenly pills, his aura recovering rapidly. Looking at Zhao Ding from a distance, he sneered and said, “It’s been 15 moves. You failed to kill me but got seriously injured by me instead! Huhu, where has your boasting previously gone to now?”

Zhao Ding suddenly let out a wild laugh and said, “Brat, you’re very strong! But do you think that this exalt would have a fair fight with you? All come on out!”

The void trembled, more than ten powerful auras stepped out into the air.

After these people appeared, their auras locked onto Ye Yuan from afar.

As long as Ye Yuan moved, they would deal a fatal blow!

Ye Yuan’s gaze turned sharp, discovering an acquaintance in the crowd.

Huangfu Cloudthink!

Back then, Martial Secure Heavenly Sect’s Sect Master Feng Xuanyi died precisely at his hands.

He did not expect that after not seeing for a hundred years, Huangfu Cloudthink already broke through to the realm of Saint Sovereign Heaven too!

But thinking about it, there was nothing strange too.

What the Pill Alliance lacked the least was heavenly pills.

A half-step Saint Sovereign Heaven breaking through to Saint Sovereign Heaven was all too normal.

Feeling Ye Yuan’s gaze, Huangfu Cloudthink smiled and said, “Long time no see, Ye Yuan! I really didn’t expect that after not seeing for a hundred years, you actually already possess the strength to kill Saint Sovereign Heavens! However, it’s useless! The Pill Alliance’s strength is beyond your imagination! You’re presently all alone by yourself without any backing. Just based on a bit of hot-blooded courage, you still want to seek revenge?”

Clearly, Huangfu Cloudthink felt that he had already cornered Ye Yuan and did not care about Ye Yuan’s gaze at all.

It was just that he did not notice that amidst the dust in the distant mountain, a figure was currently burning with anxiety.

He wanted to speak but could not.

These dozen over Saint Sovereign Heaven powerhouses had already fallen into a huge crisis without knowing!

Ye Yuan looked at Huangfu Cloudthink and said with a cold smile, “Huhu, you came just in time! Today, I can round you all up in one fell swoop!”

Huangfu Cloudthink shook his head and could not help laughing as he said, “Ye Yuan, you’re very strong; you’re also extremely talented! But you’re too eager for revenge! If you cultivated to middle Saint Sovereign Heaven, you might have hope for revenge. But now, facing so many Saint Sovereign Heavens, you dare to say to round us all up in one fell swoop too?”

One of the alliance chiefs said disdainfully, “Huhu, a fool who overestimates his own ability! A puny little Jade Sovereign Heaven really thinks that by relying on a grade two grandmist treasure, he’ll be able to get revenge?”

“Alliance Head is on his way too. His methods are simply beyond your imagination! Alliance Head already said to leave you to him! You, prepare to bear Alliance Head’s wrath!”

... ...

In the eyes of these alliance chiefs, Ye Yuan’s words were simply laughably childish.

A measly little Jade Sovereign Heaven actually dared to threaten so many Saint Sovereign Heavens.

So what if he possessed a grade two grandmist treasure?

So what if he could jump realms and battle?

The Pill Alliance did not have just one Saint Sovereign Heaven!

Let alone that there was also an unfathomable Li Changsheng!

“Hahaha ...”

Ye Yuan looked at the group of Saint Sovereign Heavens that was posturing and could not resist bursting into laughter.

“On your deathbed and you still can laugh!” Zhao Ding snickered and said.

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “Deathbed? Haha, yeah, you guys are on your deathbeds, and you’re actually still in the mood to posture here. I really can’t refrain from finding it hilarious! Guo Huai, you come and tell them. Are they facing imminent death or not?”

As he said, Ye Yuan fired out a stream of divine essence, and Guo Huai’s seal was immediately released.

The Saint Sovereign Heavens present had baffled faces.

They really did not notice Guo Huai.

After Guo Huai was released from the seal, he shouted with all his strength, “RUN! QUICKLY RUN! HE’S GOING TO TRANSCEND SAINT SOVEREIGN DAO TRIBULATION ...”