Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2774: Bringing Disaster to Fishes in the Moat

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

When he got the news, Li Changsheng was currently cultivating.

He sneered coldly in response to this.

Young people really can’t retain composure!

Having a bit of strength and he’s already thinking of taking revenge.

Little did he imagine what kind of character he, Li Changsheng, was!

To Li Changsheng, he looked down on the Martial Dao powerhouses on this continent.

This place was merely a wilderness land of Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven.

The people here were backward in their Martial Dao, and their Alchemy Dao withered.

He came here to save this world!

Therefore, he wanted to be this continent’s king and be worshiped by thousands!

A ‘jumping clown’ like Ye Yuan, he did not take him seriously at all.

He, Li Changsheng, came from one of Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven’s seven great Hegemon level holy land, the Extreme Medicine Sect, his alchemy path strength reaching the acme of perfection, and his trump cards being numerous.

A mere ascender, how could he really treat Ye Yuan seriously?

Li Changsheng’s figure flashed, and he vanished from where he was.

In the next second, he entered the transmission array.

… …

Boom!

Li Changsheng had just come out of the transmission array and only felt a blur before his eyes. Two figures rushed over.

A horrifying to the extreme heavenly lightning suddenly descended.

Li Changsheng’s hair stood on its end, a great sense of danger welling up in his heart.

Without the slightest hesitation, Li Changsheng shuttled through the void immediately.

But he discovered that the void seemed to be frozen at this moment!

He was unable to teleport!

However, he still displayed his movement technique and left where he was at the fastest speed.

Boom!

The transmission array exploded with a loud bang!

Li Changsheng only felt his entire body turn numb. Tasting sweetness at the back of his throat, a mouth of blood spurted out.

F*cking hell, what happened?

This exalt came to kill people!

Before I even saw the person, I got injured by an explosion!

Mn?

Hang on! This seems to be … a Saint Sovereign Dao Tribulation?

It was even a … nine laws Dao tribulation!

Li Changsheng shuddered, thinking to himself which great deity was overcoming his tribulation here?

One had to know, he, this grand completion Saint Sovereign Heaven super powerhouse, had only transcended eight laws Dao tribulation until now!

Li Changsheng had overcome a total of four Saint Sovereign Dao Tribulations. Each time, it would increase by two laws.

It was not that there were no nine laws Dao tribulation. But those who could transcend nine laws Dao tribulations, they were all super powerhouses among their peers!

Three laws each time, nine laws on the third time!

Those who could transcend nine laws Dao tribulation were all the most outstanding figures in Saint Sovereign Heaven!

When did such a powerhouse appear in the Rainclear Continent, he actually did not know?

The nine laws Dao tribulation that existed in the legends referred to the first Saint Sovereign Dao Tribulation.

But Saint Sovereign Heaven powerhouses generally overcame more than one tribulation.

Over a few accumulations, nine laws were still achievable.

There was no time to think too much. Li Changsheng immediately spread his divine sense out and observed the situation.

The moment he looked, he could not help drawing a cold breath.

All over the hills and valleys, it was a stretch of scorched earth!

A figure chased after a group of Saint Sovereign Heavens, scurrying everywhere.

The scene was chaotic to the extreme.

Of the 14 Saint Sovereign Heavens, there were only nine left now.

These nine were also lingering on with one last breath and could not live for long!

“That’s … Ye Yuan? I-It’s him who’s transcending the Saint Sovereign Dao Tribulation? Isn’t he Jade Sovereign Heaven? Why did he transcend Saint Sovereign Dao Tribulation? Could it be … he brought down the Saint Sovereign Dao Tribulation the moment he broke through?”

It was fine if he did not think, but the moment he thought about it, he gave himself a fright!

Bringing down nine laws Dao tribulation when breaking through, what kind of monster was this?

Maybe the top-most level monsters among the seven great holy lands had the qualifications to draw down nine laws Dao tribulation!

Could it be that this boy already reached the level of the seven great holy lands’ apex monsters?

This … How was this possible?

As a former Hegemon level holy land’s disciple, Li Changsheng knew all too well how terrifying such a monster was!

He had always had a high and mighty attitude towards this continent’s martial artists.

But now, Ye Yuan actually surpassed him?

No, using surpass to describe was not appropriate.

If Ye Yuan was the falcon cleaving the sky, then he was a puddle of mud on the ground!

Such an existence, as long as they did not die, they were very likely to step into Hegemon Realm in the future!

“Mn??That’s … Li Changsheng? He’s … actually a grand completion Saint Sovereign Heaven powerhouse!”

Ye Yuan noticed the ‘fish’ that was implicated just now too. The other party’s movement technique and strength far surpassed the others.

Earlier, Zhao Ding wanted to slip away through the transmission array. In the end, he was caught up to by Ye Yuan.

Right at this time, Li Changsheng came out of the transmission array.

With this, there was a full collision!

However, it was spread outside that Li Changsheng was an upper Saint Sovereign Heaven. He did not expect that Li Changsheng actually was not!

This guy already reached grand completion Saint Sovereign Heaven! ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Ye Yuan secretly rejoiced. Luckily, the Saint Sovereign Dao Tribulation was called down. Otherwise, if he was not careful, he would really suffer a big loss.

A grand completion Saint Sovereign Heaven powerhouse, the strength was far from what an upper Saint Sovereign Heaven could compare to.

But since he came … then he could accompany him to overcome the tribulation together!

Swoosh!

Ye Yuan lunged and headed to Li Changsheng this side.

Li Changsheng felt his scalp tingle, and he cursed, “Boy, you’re courting death! This exalt will definitely kill you today!”

As he said, Li Changsheng already displayed his movement technique and fled.

The power of a nine laws Dao tribulation was too terrifying!

One should not look at how he had overcome an eight laws Dao tribulation. Nine laws Dao tribulation and eight laws Dao tribulation were two totally different concepts!

Nine was the extremity of numbers!

Eight laws to nine laws, this was a process of quantitative change to qualitative change!

However, Ye Yuan already broke through to Saint Sovereign Heaven at this time. Him who had comprehended Heavenly Dao and combined it with spatial rule, his speed was unbelievably fast!

Coupled with that Li Changsheng was unable to teleport, Ye Yuan caught up to Li Changsheng in virtually a blink of an eye.

“Li Changsheng, get to know nine laws Dao tribulation! Even you haven’t seen this thing before too, right?” Ye Yuan said with a loud laugh.

At the same time, a bolt of heavenly lightning fell from the ninth heaven!

Li Changsheng’s expression changed greatly, aware that he could not escape it.

Ye Yuan’s movement technique was extremely fast. He was only less than 300 feet away from him.

Li Changsheng did not have time to think too much. A small golden sword in his hand immediately dangled above his head.

A ray of golden light covered his entire body.

Boom!

The nine laws heavenly lightning fell. Ye Yuan and Li Changsheng two people were directly blown away.

Ye Yuan spurted a mouthful of fresh blood wildly and immediately swallowed a true grade heavenly pill.

This heavenly pill was a true grade heavenly imperial pill, a sacred healing medicine!

Ye Yuan used heavenly medicines found only on the Myriad Demons Mountain and refined 13.

Now, he already swallowed eight in order to transcend the tribulation!

If not for these heavenly pills, he would really be in danger this time!

After breaking through, grade four heavenly pills, even if they were true grade heavenly pills, was unable to quickly recover his injuries anymore too.

Seeing Ye Yuan swallow a true grade heavenly imperial pill, Li Changsheng’s two eyes turned blood-red.

This guy was actually able to refine grade four true grade heavenly imperial pills already!

Swoosh!

Taking advantage of the fact that the Dao tribulation was still condensing, Li Changsheng forcefully suppressed the injuries on his body. Urging the small golden sword in his hand to fly straight for Ye Yuan!

This small golden sword was shockingly a grade two grandmist treasure!

Ye Yuan was alarmed. There was no time to think too much. He immediately deployed the Myriad Realms Mountain and confronted it!

Boom!

A terrifying energy burst!

Ye Yuan was directly blown away, but the small golden sword was bounced back, the golden light dimming a lot at once.

Li Changsheng’s expression changed wildly!

Similarly a grade two grandmist treasure and yet his small golden sword was actually so much worse than the Myriad Realms Mountain!

“Li Changsheng!”

Being ambushed, Ye Yuan was instantly enraged. Swallowing another two heavenly pills, he flew straight for Li Changsheng.

And at this time, another bolt of heavenly lightning fell!