Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 279: Uninvited Guest!

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

Ye Yuan previously broke through three minor realms in one breath on the Nine Heavens Road. At that time, it amazed everyone in the Dan Wu Academy.

But compared to now, that time did not even count as anything.

The difficulty of raising a minor realm in the Spirit Condensation Realm was more than ten times harder compared to the Essence Qi Realm!

But even so, Ye Yuan still went and did it without any hesitation.

To him, there was no so-called bottleneck. Furthermore, the current Ye Yuan had already comprehended the elementary form of supreme true intent and also comprehended the transmission true intent.

Consecutively breaking through three minor realms was no longer considered much to Ye Yuan.

One had to know that the vast majority of martial artists in the Endless World would never be able to comprehend a type of true intent throughout their entire lives. From this, it could be seen how high the starting point for true intent was.

But the way others saw it, this was completely not the case.

"This . . . Is he breaking through to the Seventh Level Spirit Condensation Realm already? Is there a mistake?"

"Since when can breaking through realms be done in leaps and bounds like this?"

"This is not a minor realm! Ye Yuan, he’s breaking through from middle-stage Spirit Condensation Realm to late-stage Spirit Condensation Realm directly! Although Senior Apprentice Brother Tian Yu and the rest emphasized on perceiving concepts, to let them break through in full force, it’s also impossible to be like Ye Yuan, right?"

It was no wonder that they were amazed. For normal breakthroughs, it would probably take several months’ time even for geniuses like Tian Yu and Ti Wujiu.

Breaking through like Ye Yuan, first, let’s not talk about whether they would be stuffed to death by the essence energy storm. Even if they broke through realms, they would probably spend even more time to consolidate it.

This way, the losses outweigh the gains.

. . . . . .

At this precise moment, a disciple reported to Luo Qingfeng. "Sect Master, an envoy has arrived from the Heavenly Sky Sect! H-He already arrived at Victory Peak!"

Luo Qingfeng frowned and said, "Why are you showing such misconduct? Do you still need me to teach you all this?"

When visiting other sects, most would wait for the host in the main hall and only meet after the disciple reported it. There was absolutely no such logic as roaming wildly.

The Heavenly Sky Sect’s envoy’s actions were showing extreme impertinence to the host.

When Luo Qingfeng heard that the Heavenly Sky Sect’s envoy had already arrived at Victory Peak, his first reaction was naturally that the reporting disciple was insensible and directly brought the person over here.

That disciple said aggrievedly, "I asked the envoy to wait in the main hall for me to report to the sect master, but he followed here right away! He even said . . . even said . . ."

"Said what?"

"This disciple dare not say."

"I asked you to say, so say it. What are you stammering for?"

The disciple gritted his teeth and said, "He said that our Tranquil Cloud Sect is only slightly stronger than second-rate sects and is simply undeserving of the title of one of the Eight Great Sects. The Heavenly Sky Sect is the leader of the Southern Domain’s great sects. As the Heavenly Sky Sect’s envoy, having a look around is giving us Tranquil Cloud Sect face! I . . . I was afraid . . . so I brought him here directly."

The disciple was filled with righteous indignation when talking. It was apparent that he was filled with pent-up anger.

Xiao Jian flew into a rage when he heard that and said, "Heavenly Sky Sect is really going too far! Sect Master, in my view, just drive him out directly! Provoking our Tranquil Cloud Sect like this, we have the moral high ground no matter where we go!"

The disciple also had a face full of righteous anger by the side. He was clearly very much in agreement with Hall Head Xiao’s opinion.

Earlier, that envoy’s high and mighty appearance nearly made him give him a slap across the face.

But Luo Qingfeng was not as agitated as Xiao Jian. He said to the disciple, "Didn’t he come with you? Where is he?"

"The envoy seemed to have seen something interesting just now at the plaza, so he stayed. This disciple was afraid that I would bungle matters, so I rushed over to report to sect master," the disciple said.

Luo Qingfeng’s expression already returned to normal currently. He nodded and said, "You did pretty well. I’m the one who wronged you. Bring me to see this envoy."

"Sect Master! We’ve already suffered enough of the Heavenly Sky Sect’s bullying these few years. Now, even a measly little envoy dares to ride on top of our heads to take a dump!" Xiao Jian said indignantly.

Luo Qingfeng looked at Xiao Jian and said with a sigh, "While it is of a noble character to die in glory rather than live on in dishonor, in my position, I must make considerations for the sect’s future! Regardless of whether it’s Ye Yuan, Ti Wujiu, or Tian Yu. They are all the sect’s future! And our mission is not to show bravery for a moment, but to ensure the growth of these geniuses!"

Xiao Jian’s gaze turned intent as he said, "But . . . the Heavenly Sky Sect is too much of a bully! Even a puny little envoy dares to strut around in front of us now; let alone others! We’re at least the upper echelons of a sect, there’s no need to grovel before an envoy, right?"

Luo Qingfeng’s face fell, and he said, "Xiao Jian! You’re too naïve! In the martial arts world, it has always been the strong who reigns supreme! Don’t you have even this bit of understanding? Dignity isn’t given to you by others, but it’s you who award it to yourself! If you and I have the strength of Soul Sea Realm, why would we need to adapt to their mood? Now that several fine saplings have finally appeared in our sect, they mustn’t be ruined in our hands!"

Luo Qingfeng’s words made Xiao Jian unbelievably dejected.

It had always been the strong who reigned supreme in the martial arts world. Weaklings were only eliminated and not sympathized.

The Heavenly Sky Sect was powerful, that was why their sect members dared to be so unbridled!

Although Xiao Jian’s way of doing things could obtain a momentary comfort, the aftermath would be too serious.

Once they were given a handle, the Heavenly Sky Sect might just use it as an opportunity to start a sect war with the Tranquil Cloud Sect!

In that case, the consequences would be serious!

This was not raising a false alarm. The Heavenly Sky Sect’s wild ambitions were already laid bare in the open. Initiating a sect war was a possibility. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

With the Heavenly Sky Sect’s strength, the Tranquil Cloud Sect would be hard-pressed to escape the fate of having the sect annihilated.

The disparity between the number one great sect and a bottom-tier sect was seriously too great!

In the Heavenly Sky Sect, just the Soul Sea Realm powerhouses numbered quite a few! While the Tranquil Cloud Sect only had Skymaple this one Soul Sea Realm powerhouse.

Grand Elder Skymaple was even just an alchemist. His combat power was negligible.

With such a great disparity, the Heavenly Sky Sect being somewhat arrogant was within reason.

As the master of a sect, Luo Qingfeng naturally could not be like Xiao Jian when considering problems. He had to consider the big picture.

Especially after watching the fight earlier, Luo Qingfeng was even less willing to start a fight with the Heavenly Sky Sect easily.

As long as Ye Yuan could rise rapidly, what did the Heavenly Sky Sect count as?

Before the wings were fully feathered, forbearance was very necessary.

Before long, the disciple led Luo Qingfeng and Xiao Jian to see the Heavenly Sky Sect’s envoy.

"Senior Apprentice Brother Zhang Yu, Sect Master Luo has arrived," the disciple introduced.

The envoy shot a casual glance at Luo Qingfeng but did not have the slightest intention of greeting. His gaze returned to Ye Yuan who was currently breaking through.

His haughty manner was completely unmasked!

"Sect Master Luo, is there a need for so many people to surround and watch a puny little Spirit Condensation Realm martial artist breakthrough? When did your Tranquil Cloud Sect fall to such a plight?"

The envoy watched Ye Yuan who was sitting cross-legged, his words filled with mockery.

The envoy was a young man around 18 or 19 years old but already had a cultivation of Fourth Level Crystal Formation Realm.

Such an age, such strength, placed in the Tranquil Cloud Sect, it was absolutely the status of a personal disciple!

Except, the first sentence when meeting him made people very displeased.