Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2796: Endless Lightning Prison!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The Dao tribulation pressure grew stronger and stronger, akin to the apocalypse.

The powerhouses above the surface of the sea were all akin to facing a great enemy; in a constant state of anxiety.

If it was an ordinary Dao tribulation, then forget it.

Yet, the power of each of their Dao tribulation increased by a lot!

Three laws became five laws, five laws became seven laws, and seven laws even became eight and nine laws!

When Ye Yuan saw this kind of chain reaction, he could not help but be stunned.

“Consider yourself ruthless! Your Father isn’t playing with you anymore, goodbye!”

One of the grand completion Saint Sovereign Heavens could not withstand this terrifying to the extreme pressure and immediately left.

Boom!

An electric snake directly fell, seemingly from above his head.

That person did not even let out a scream and kicked the bucket.

He could not run!

Everyone’s faces turned pale, having looks of despair.

“ARRHH!?Brat who is surnamed Ye, I’m going to kill you! Mine … Mine is Three Calamity Dao Tribulation!” Qian Kui bellowed as if feeling a great terror.

Nine-nine became one calamity, 81 power of rules!

Three Calamities Dao Tribulation, that was three nine-nine Dao tribulations!

It did not sound like much, but nine-nine turning into one calamity, this was a qualitative improvement.

The Dao tribulation’s power would also increase significantly!

This Calamity Dao Tribulation was exclusive to True Sovereign Heaven powerhouses.

However, in reality, many True Sovereign Heaven powerhouses were not qualified to reach a Calamity Dao Tribulation.

The first time many True Sovereign Heaven powerhouse transcended their tribulation, it was also merely seven-nine Dao tribulation or eight-nine Dao tribulation. Nine-nine Dao tribulations were very few.

But, once it reached nine-nine Dao tribulation, it would also be a One Calamity Dao Tribulation. That was dangerous.

What Sovereign Qian Kui transcended before was a One Calamity Dao Tribulation. He barely managed to succeed in overcoming the tribulation.

Logically speaking, this fourth Dao Tribulation should be a Two Calamity Dao Tribulation.

But this time, it directly became a Three Calamity Dao Tribulation!

Huge crisis!

Too terrifying!

He was not even sure about a Two Calamity Dao Tribulation. Three Calamity Dao Tribulation, wasn’t he dead for sure?

Ye Yuan grinned and said, “Lord Sovereign, don’t be angry. Once you get angry, the Dao tribulation will come down immediately, I warned you before!”

When Qian Kui heard that, he could not help but suffocate.

Yeah, Ye Yuan warned previously not to make a move against him.

But why would he take the words of a measly little lower Saint Sovereign Heaven to heart?

It was merely a slap; was there a need?

But it was this slap that caused a problem!

It caused a big problem!

“Shit, mine is a Three Calamity Dao Tribulation too!”

“Damn, me too!”

“Fucking brat, you … you harmed this sovereign to death!”

The other three great True Sovereign Heavens also started screaming wildly.

At this very moment, they had already cussed out Ye Yuan’s 18 generations of ancestors.

But it was useless!

Among the three of them, some had just transcended a One Calamity Dao Tribulation. Originally, transcending tribulation this sort of thing had nothing to do with them.

But who knew that Ye Yuan’s tribulation was like a small flame.

The small flame ignited Qian Kui this big flame. The big flame burned bigger and bigger, igniting all of them.

With this, it exploded!

At this very moment, one should not look at how Ye Yuan was calm. His scalp was also tingling currently.

His Dao tribulation that came was not a five-nine Dao tribulation!

It was a six-nine Dao tribulation!

Did this … all freaking skipped? Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Six-nine Dao tribulation, it was virtually the pinnacle of grand completion Saint Sovereign Heaven!

Because if it went a step further, it would be seven-nine Dao tribulation.

Seven-nine Dao tribulation, that was the tribulation of True Sovereign Heaven powerhouses!

Six-nine Dao tribulation to deal with a lower Saint Sovereign Heaven, it must be said that Heavenly Dao thought highly of him.

“Hahaha?… boy, you’re six-nine Dao tribulation! You’re dead for sure! Dead for sure!” Sovereign Qian Kui felt the strongest response with Ye Yuan. He could not help bursting out laughing when he sensed Ye Yuan’s Dao tribulation.

This guy bit off his own head!

Six-nine Dao tribulation, the pinnacle of Saint Sovereign Heaven. This punk definitely could not overcome it!

Seeing Ye Yuan die miserably under the Dao tribulation, he was very happy!

Ye Yuan rolled his eyes and said, “When I just broke through Saint Sovereign Heaven, I directly transcended a nine law Dao tribulation. Then, on the day I became a divergent cultivator, I transcended a three-nine Dao tribulation! This time, I originally planned to transcend a five-nine Dao tribulation. Now that I’m transcending a six-nine Dao tribulation, what are you all excited about? Fighting with heaven is so much fun!”

Qian Kui: “… …”

Hollowdark: “… …”

Was this fellow still human?

They knew that Ye Yuan was monstrous but did not know that he was monstrous until it reached this level!

Broke through to Saint Sovereign Heaven and immediately transcended tribulation?

Transcended three-nine Dao tribulation on that day?

Three-nine Dao tribulation, that was upper Saint Sovereign Heaven, alright?

No wonder!

No wonder this boy was so monstrous, turning the entire sea upside down!

At this time, above the void …

How was there any void? The tribulation clouds were exactly almost above their heads!

Looking from a distance, the sea had practically connected into one stretch with the tribulation clouds.

Following that, an extremely spectacular scene appeared!

A series of electric snakes of different thicknesses descended from the sky and slowly fell!

Yes, it was not fast!

But it gave people a misconception that the world was seemingly going to be destroyed.

Looking from a distance, that stretch of ocean looked like an endless lightning prison.

The lifeforms in the lightning prison were currently receiving the baptism of terrifying rules.

Under the tribulation clouds, everyone’s expressions changed wildly.

Strong!

Too strong!

This feeling of awaiting death was really sour!

“Goodness, I can’t do it anymore! I’m going to die! Ye Yuan, you heaven-damned, you caused people great harm! I won’t let you off even if I become a ghost!” Yang Qing’s arms and legs waved around as he cried out strangely over and over again.

Ye Yuan could not resist rolling his eyes.

This guy was really a living treasure.

What Yang Qing was transcending was a five-nine Dao tribulation. It was also very dangerous to him.

However, Ye Yuan felt that there should not be a problem for him to overcome it.

While talking, the Dao tribulation fell.

The Dao sword shone brightly between Ye Yuan’s brows!

Swoosh!

The Dao sword flew out, pointing straight at the firmament!

Ye Yuan held the Dao sword in his hand, his entire body and mind pouring into the Dao sword.

Going against Dao, one would have to draw their sword and point at heaven!

From then on, he would no longer rely on external forces to transcend tribulations, but only by relying on himself!

He was fearless and not afraid!

Everyone was doing their best, resisting the Dao tribulation.

The entire world was quiet!

Yes, it was the calm before the storm.

Only one figure faced those countless Dao tribulations and rose to the sky!

Bang, bang, bang …

Suddenly, the surface of the sea burst apart!

Tsunamis instantly swept up!

“ARGH!!”

“ARGH!!”

“ARGH!!”

… …

Miserable screams rose and ebbed.

When the first round of Dao tribulation fell, many people immediately turned to ashes.

The Dao tribulation was too strong!

Qian Kui gave a muffled groan, his entire person suddenly slumping a lot.

The power of the Three Calamity Dao Tribulation directly caused him to be seriously injured.

There was none among the other three great True Sovereign Heavens who was not like this.

Ye Yuan’s entire person was blasted into the sea.

The power of the six-nine Dao tribulation was too terrifying!

What was the most powerful thing in this world?

Great Dao Transformation?

That was merely a form of recognition from Great Dao!

What was truly powerful was Heavenly Dao itself!

“Haha?… Again!”

Ye Yuan roared wildly, rising into the sky again!

Dao tribulation fell again!

Everyone was dumbfounded.

Was there anyone who transcended tribulations like this?

The power of Ye Yuan’s Dao tribulation was not the strongest, but he appeared so out-of-place among this group of people.

Everyone was suffering silently.

Meanwhile, he drew his sword and asked heaven!

Boom!

Without the slightest surprise, Ye Yuan was slammed into the sea again.

And right at this time, Qian Kui suddenly rampaged and dashed straight toward Ye Yuan this side.

“Boy, if this sovereign is going to die, you’ll have to be buried with me too!” Qian Kui roared wildly.