Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2815: Winning Sincerity with Sincerity!

Translator: Atlas StudiosEditor: Atlas Studios

“He still yielded in the end!”

“There’s no choice. Who made the Extreme Medicine Sect to be so powerful? In our Heaven One army, only the Extreme Medicine Sect are experts in alchemy. Even if one reaches the Hegemon Realm, they have to give them face too. Otherwise, this war can’t be fought anymore!”

“However, I feel that it’s still Master Ye who’s sympathetic to us, these common people! A doctor’s benevolence, Master Ye is really thinking about us!”

“think so too, but an arm can’t twist a thigh. He can’t help it as well.”

Ye Yuan’s rage naturally aroused the strong dislike of the Extreme Medicine Sect’s disciples.

But those ordinary soldiers felt that it was very intimate.

Saint Sovereign Heaven, when placed on the Rainclear Continent, was an absolute overlord.

But, in this entire Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven, they were barely qualified to be cannon fodders.

In this war, they were even more so cannon fodder-like existences.

To those powerhouses, their lives were completely worthless.

Even in the eyes of these top major sects’ disciples, their lives were worthless too.

If they died, so be it. Being able to contribute to the Heaven One army, that was their honor.

This could be felt from Zhang Xiu’s words.

But Ye Yuan’s way of doing things gave them dignity.

‘They were grateful to Ye Yuan in their hearts, but facing a behemoth like the Extreme Medicine Sect, they were powerless to do anything too.

Very soon, Ye Yuan treated those ten people.

Xiao Shan said, “Ye Yuan, you’ve indeed rendered two great contributions, but compared to my Extreme Medicine Sect, you’re still too insignificant! Our Extreme Medicine Sect is supporting the entire Heaven One Continent! Do you understand?”

Dao Chen also smiled coldly and said, “Ye Yuan, you have to understand your status! You’re merely a grade five heavenly alchemist! Our Extreme Medicine Sect isn’t an existence that you can afford to provoke!”

‘These words were rather impolite already.

Akind person gets bullied, a kind horse gets ridden.

Ye Yuan ‘giving in’ made Dao Chen and the rest even more proud of themselves.

‘The Heaven One army’s heavenly alchemist system and the Extreme Medicine Sect established their own systems. Other heavenly alchemists did not dare to fight at all.

Those heavenly alchemists that were from the Extreme Medicine Sect also regarded themselves as superior to others.

Actually, the Extreme Medicine Sect had committed a fatal error in this war.

But nobody dared to raise it up and punish them to teach them a lesson.

Hearing this, Ye Yuan slowly got up, looked toward Dao Chen, and said, “Oh? In this army, one needs to talk about status too? Isn’t it, military orders can’t be disobeyed?”

Dao Chen said disdainfully, “In the army, military orders naturally can’t be disobeyed! But who the hell are you? You’re merely a foreigner from a remote continent. You don’t even have status! You aren’t a member of the army at all. You’re actually giving orders here; how laughable!”

“Haha, you said punish by military law, and we’ll punish by military law? Do you think that you’re Commander-in-chief Ming Yi? A measly little grade five heavenly alchemist giving orders here, who gave you the authority?” Zhang Xiu said with a loud laugh.

What was called overestimating one’s own ability?

This is called overestimating one’s own ability!

In the view of the Extreme Medicine Sect’s people, Ye Yuan’s posturing action was really laughable.

In the heavenly alchemist system, no one dared to posture in front of the Extreme Medicine Sect yet!

Zhao Chen was very anxious by the side. With regards to Ye Yuan, he already held him in great esteem.

He could feel that Ye Yuan sincerely had the best interests at heart for his brothers.

Otherwise, he could have long let the Extreme Medicine Sect’s disciples administer the needles.

But he did not.

Ye Yuan set an example by personally taking part, taking great pains to demonstrate the Xuanji Nine Leaves. It was for the sake of letting these Extreme Medicine Sect disciples learn a little faster.

Even so, he was still worried and planned on letting these people administer the needles in batches.

Reality also proved that Ye Yuan was right.

Zhao Chen also could not deny that the Extreme Medicine Sect was a pillar of the Heaven One Continent.

But, they did not have any compassion towards ordinary soldiers at all.

In fact, many times, they were just test subjects.

Now, seeing the Extreme Medicine Sect’s disciples target Ye Yuan together, he could not look on anymore and spoke up, “Master Ye saved our lives. He’s our brother and naturally a part of the army!”

“Right! Master Ye saved Heaven One Continent and saved all of our lives! Now, he’s helping us suppress the blood corruption poison. He’s our brother!”

“What Centurion Zhao said is right. He’s our brother!”

The moment Zhao Chen opened his mouth, there were immediately many people who concurred.

Sincerity was often won with sincerity in the army.

If you were good to him, he would know.

Furthermore, the feelings between fellow officers tend to be even more sincere.

‘These few days, Ye Yuan administered the needles day and night without sleeping or resting.

In the hearts of these ordinary soldiers, they had long already treated Ye Yuan as a brother.

‘There were probably hundreds of soldiers present. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

When they spoke up simultaneously, it directly pushed the Extreme Medicine Sect’s disciples to the corner of the wall.

Including Xiao Shan, each and every one of their faces was awkward to the extreme.

This face was slapped resoundingly!

“Zhao Chen! Are you rebelling?” Dao Chen shouted angrily.

Zhang Xiu also questioned, “Ye Yuan saved your lives, but didn’t my Extreme Medicine Sect save your lives?”

Zhao Chen said, “The Extreme Medicine Sect has naturally saved our lives before, but you didn’t! Not only didn’t you guys save us before, you nearly caused the northern front army to completely collapse!”

Zhao Chen’s one sentence directly cornered the Extreme Medicine Sect again.

They were unable to refute.

It was because this was a fact!

Dao Chen laughed from extreme fury and said, “Huhu, Zhao Chen, grew capable huh! Have you forgotten how you sucked up to us back then? Have you forgotten how you reproved Ye Yuan?”

Zhao Chen said neither obsequiously nor haughtily, “What you said is right! Back then, we believed in the Extreme Medicine Sect too much, resulting in today’s disastrous consequences! The initially over 300 men under me are only left with 100 men now! Among these 100 men, there are even 70% who

are afflicted with blood corruption poison! If not for Master Ye, it would have been impossible for the 100 of us to return! Even if we returned, at most 20 to 30 of these 100 people can remain!”

The moment these words came out, the ordinary soldiers nodded one after another.

Zhao Chen’s current mood, they felt the same way too.

For some centurions, the men under them were pretty much all dead.

But the expressions of Dao Chen and the rest became ugly to the extreme.

One should not hit the face when hitting people, but this face was really slapped resoundingly now.

No one had ever dared to slap the Extreme Medicine Sect’s face like this before.

Did these guys all eat a bear’s heart or leopard’s gall?

Xiao Shan’s face darkened, and he said, “Come, men! Zhao Chen is misleading people with rumors, slandering the Extreme Medicine Sect! Take Zhao Chen down for me and punish by military law!”

Immediately, two attendant soldiers beside him stepped out of the ranks and immediately escorted Zhao Chen.

Zhao Chen was clearly long prepared and did not resist.

He was not a fool. Xiao Shan was a True Sovereign Heaven powerhouse, a commander of the northem front army.

‘When he came forward at this time and spoke up for Ye Yuan, he would definitely be retaliated against.

But, he felt that he should come forward at this time.

Just as the attendant soldier was going to drag Zhao Chen away, Ye Yuan suddenly spoke up, “Stop!”

Xiao Shan looked at Ye Yuan and said coldly, “You’re not a member of the army. Could it be that you still want to interfere in our army’s affairs

Ye Yuan was indifferent and flashed a plaque, saying coolly, “What did you say just now? Say it again!”