Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2826: Ye Yuan’s Requirements!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

It was not just Ye Yuan. All of the Emperor Realm powerhouses present, their chests heaved unevenly, their faces revealing looks of ecstasy!

The blood corruption poison in Yang Qing’s body had already completely dissipated into thin air.

Everyone knew what this meant!

During these thousands of years, powerhouses that died under the blood corruption poison were too many to count.

Even around these Emperor Realm powerhouses, there were many people who died from the blood corruption poison too.

But, even if they had the ability to access the highest heavens, they were powerless to do anything about this too and could only passively watch their loved ones and friends die.

That feeling of powerlessness drove people insane.

But now, they finally saw hope!

Ye Yuan resolving the blood corruption poison absolutely had trans-era significance!

This signified that they did not need to fear the blood corruption poison anymore!

This meant that the millions upon millions of Heaven One powerhouses were able to be reborn!

This also signified that even more powerhouses would be born!

The significance was far too great!

‘The Heaven One’s various races had many, many geniuses. They could originally have stepped into the Emperor Realm.

But, because of the blood corruption poison, they perished.

Now, with Ye Yuan’s method, those geniuses poisoned by blood corruption poison were able to stand up again.

“Too remarkable! Truly too incredible! With this method, what are we still scared of the blood race for!”

“Hahaha .... For thousands of years, the difficult hurdle that numerous heavenly alchemists failed to overcome after advancing and filling the gaps left by fallen comrades was actually overcome!”

“Impressive! Impressive! In the engagements with the blood race in the future, there’s no need to be overly cautious anymore either!”

“Succeeded! It really succeeded! Hahaha ...”

Wei Liang started laughing agitatedly. As he laughed, his eyes actually became wet.

“Wei Yun, if you were still alive, how great would it be! How great ...” Wei Liang choked.

An exalted Emperor Realm powerhouse actually cried, crying like a child.

Zuo Chen came to his side. Patting his shoulder, he urged, “Wei Yun will also be happy in the afterlife!”

Wei Liang nodded slightly but still could not resist silently shedding tears.

Ye Yuan knew that Wei Liang’s impression of him was not good, but he did not expect that his reaction was actually so intense.

Seeing Ye Yuan’s puzzlement, Dan Fei explained, “Wei Liang and Wei Yun, two brothers, were once the Extreme Medicine Sect’s peerless twin prides, the two people’s feelings being extremely deep. Especially Wei Yun, he was reputed to be the genius with the greatest hope of stepping into Hegemon

Realm! But sadly, back then, when they were still at True Sovereign Heaven, Wei Yun was accidentally poisoned by the blood corruption poison in a great battle, and he fell in the end. This matter is still Wei Liang’s heart knot till this day.”

Actually, not just Wei Liang, each and every one of the Emperor Realm powerhouses present had somewhat wet eyes.

The Emperor Realm powerhouses present all came over from being weaklings too.

Fighting fiercely for several thousand years, who didn’t have a few loved ones and friends die around them?

Now, they found the way to resolve the blood corruption poison, but their loved ones and friends could not return anymore.

How could they not feel vicissitudes of emotion?

“Ye Yuan, you found the way to resolve the blood corruption poison. There’s no greater merit!” Dan Fei said with a solemn face.

But Ye Yuan shook his head and said, “I found it, but this method can’t be applied in a large scale at all. In order to refine this basin of Blood of Flame Crystal, it already depleted one-third of the blood race blood essence. This basin of Blood of Flame Crystal can at most treat 1000 people’s blood corruption

poison. Even if the effects of the Saint Sovereign Hundred Sons’ blood essence is stronger, it can at most treat 5000 people. After that, it will become useless. The blood race’s blood essence is too difficult to obtain.”

Presently, the biggest issue was still the blood race’s blood essence.

This Blood of Flame Crystal was Ye Yuan’s own invention. The most important ingredient added to enhance it was the blood essence of the blood race.

This time, although he obtained some quality blood essence, it was still too little and not enough to use at all.

And the blood race would not give him this kind of opportunity anymore.

This was also to say that the next time someone got poisoned, he would have no way of curing.

At present, there was only half a month left before the three-month deadline.

The blood race side was still increasing its troops. The number of troops at present already surpassed 25 thousand people.

While on the human’s side, there was only around 40 thousand people left.

These 40 thousand people were already the limit that the Heaven One Alliance was able to transfer over.

After the spatial passageway was exposed, over at the Absolute Heaven Barrier there, the blood race launched an incomparably fierce offensive.

It was for the sake of not letting the southern front transfer troops over.

If the Absolute Heaven Barrier was breached, whether or not the spatial passageway was broken would not hold much meaning anymore too.

Therefore, the northern front’s war affairs currently has at most only left with one last battle!

Either succeed or die trying!

“The last great battle, nearly ten thousand people died. Among them, a very large portion was poisoned by blood corruption poison. Currently, in the army, there are merely four to five thousand people poisoned by blood corruption poison. Just nice, we can carry out the final great battle. Putting aside Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

how significant the Blood of Flame Crystal was, even for this battle, you’ve rendered a great achievement too! You’ve merely entered the alliance for just over a month but already made four miraculous contributions. Speak, what rewards do you need?” Dan Fei said.

Talking up to here, Dan Fei also had to sigh with admiration.

Ina short one month plus, Ye Yuan first breached the blood race’s defensive front, triggering heavenly punishment to send the information. Then he created arrows that reversed the war. Then, he killed the Saint Sovereign Hundred Sons as well as many chiliarchs. Lastly, you even created the Blood of

Flame Crystal.

These four great achievements, any one of them was a virtually impossible to accomplish mission. Calling it four great miraculous achievements was not overboard too.

Yet, these four great miraculous achievements happened on Ye Yuan alone.

Dan Fei had fought for many years and made countless achievements.

But, compared to Ye Yuan’s four great miraculous achievements, it still paled greatly in comparison.

And Ye Yuan merely completed these in slightly over one month!

He had to admit that if there wasn’t Ye Yuan, the Heaven One Alliance would probably find it hard to hold on this time too.

The entire Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven would probably fall into enemy hands!

This kind of achievement was not what a measly little great commander position was sufficient to be a reward.

But, to use what to reward, Dan Fei really could not think of it.

Therefore, he simply asked Ye Yuan himself.

Ye Yuan thought about it and said, “I want to enter the Extreme Medicine Sect and browse all of the sect’s alchemy classics!”

Dan Fei was taken aback and said, “Just this?”

He thought that Ye Yuan would demand an exorbitant price, but he did not expect that he actually only had this request.

Of course, the Extreme Medicine Sect’s alchemy records were not what everyone could peruse.

Want to enter it and read extensively, one must have sufficient status.

But this was all too easy for Heaven One Alliance.

Furthermore, compared to the miraculous achievements that Ye Yuan had made, it was utterly not worth mentioning.

Ye Yuan nodded his head seriously and said, “Just this! Of course, I also won’t let the Extreme Medicine Sect suffer a loss. I have quite a few alchemy classics in my hands too. I’ll make copies and retum it to the Extreme Medicine Sect.”

This sentence made everyone stare dumbfoundedly with their mouths agape.

The big shots present were all not fools. Ye Yuan could take out a heaven-defying acupuncture technique like the Xuanji Nine Leaves. How could he not have had any fortuitous encounters?

But this kind of lucky chance belonged to those who obtained it. Other people could not pry into it.

Who could have thought that Ye Yuan was actually so generous to take it out as a payment to the Extreme Medicine Sect!