Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2829: Rest Assured, Brothers!

Translator: Atlas StudiosEditor: Atlas Studios

“All True Sovereign Heaven commanders, kill that boy at all costs!”

Bloodspirit had clearly realized the danger of Ye Yuan too. At the first instant Ye Yuan exploded, he gave the order to kill Ye Yuan.

But a large number of True Sovereign Heaven powerhouses crowded around Ye Yuan.

Those commanders, great commanders, as well as Ming Yi, this commander-in-chief, had seemingly given up comman4, gathering around Ye Yuan one after another.

“Younger Brother Ye, this exalt will return this life to you! Hope that you don’t disappoint this exalt!”

“Song Miao, are you crazy?”

“Huhu, this life of mine is no longer mine a long time ago! As long as it can stop your blood race, what does a wretched life count for!”

Song Miao directly broke away from the battlefield and fought together with a blood race True Sovereign Heaven of similar strength.

The two people fought until the sky was rent asunder and the earth split open, seeing flesh and blood.

At this time, Song Miao did not hold back in the slightest bit. It was completely a fighting style that risked his life.

Not just Song Miao, Ming Yi had long already clashed with the blood race’s commander-in-chief, Bloodspirit.

‘Two great half-step Emperor Realm powerhouses fought until the sky darkened and the earth dimmed.

Bloodspirit wanted to break through Ming Yi and kill Ye Yuan, this ‘scourge,’ but was forcibly sealed in place by Ye Yuan with a life-risking fighting style. He had no time to spare for other things at all.

The blood race did not fear death, but it did not mean that they allowed others to kill them freely.

‘A powerhouse like Ming Yi, as long as given the opportunity, he would completely obliterate Bloodspirit.

Bloodspirit’s strength was a notch above Ming Yi’s.

But Ming Yi did not care about getting injured at all and cared even less about getting poisoned with the blood corruption poison. He completely had a fighting style that showed no regard for his life.

Bloodspirit was incomparably shocked in his heart. Were these guys all mad?

Cultivation reaching the quasi-Emperor Realm, how difficult was that?

These guys actually had no qualms about dying!

Ina blink, Ming Yi’s body was riddled with scars.

Meanwhile, Bloodspirit was almost blown apart by him several times.

“Old Zhang, I’ll lock this guy down. You don’t have to care about me. Just directly blow the two of us up!”

‘An upper Saint Sovereign Heaven Heaven One powerhouse used all of his strength and locked down a blood race upper Saint Sovereign Heaven, making him unable to move. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Old Zhang had tears in his eyes, but he slammed a punch out without the slightest hesitation.

The bloodkin plus the Heaven One Saint Sovereign Heaven immediately turned into nothingness.

This kind of killing was playing out everywhere.

The battlefield was like a meat grinder.

Powerful Saint Sovereign Heavens were simply too weak to stand up to competition under this meat grinder.

The Heaven One powerhouses did not care about death at all.

Even if it was death, they had to inflict serious wounds on the bloodkins too.

Although the blood race army were all elite powerhouses, they could not bear the madness of the Heaven One army too.

‘The numbers of the Heaven One army could be seen reducing at a speed visible to the naked eye.

However, they did not care at all!

Especially the army around Ye Yuan, when one of them died, they would be replaced by another.

They were like one sharp knife after another, stabbing viciously into the blood race army, tearing open a gap in the blood race army very quickly.

Boom!

A True Sovereign Heaven powerhouse was directly wiped out by the blood race!

The muscles on Ye Yuan’s face twitched, but his hands did not slow down, taking out a blood race Saint Sovereign Heaven with one punch each.

As long as he did not encounter True Sovereign Heavens, he was simply like a tiger entering a flock of sheep in the blood race army, mowing down all resistance.

However, the True Sovereign Heavens around him were reducing one by one.

Ye Yuan could not help but sigh in his heart. What capability did he have to actually be able to make these people entrusted him with life and death!

For the sake of his one sentence, the Heaven One warriors used their lives to carve out a bloody path!

Yes, such frenzied killing was for the sake of killing out an opening in the blood race army, to let him charge over.

Ming Yi, Song Miao, Zhao Chen, Qiao Yiping, and even Xiao Shan and Dao Chen, they were all defending by his side.

All the 50 thousand troops disregarded their lives, just for the sake of paving a way for him!

Ye Yuan’s heart was dripping blood!

“Hahaha … Great Commander Ye, Qiao Yiping’s life was given by you. I’ll return it to you now! Great Commander Ye, you must destroy the spatial passageway and show our Heaven One’s might!”

Qiao Yiping was long already wounded and on the verge of dying. Currently, divine essence bloomed on his body, his small world collapsing with a loud bang, directly blowing the bloodkin opposite him into fragments.

That bloodkin still wanted to re-condense, but he was killed by Zhao Chen with one punch and completely wiped out.

That Qiao Yiping, who was saved by Ye Yuan, really died this time!

Zhao Chen had tears in his eyes, but his gaze was incomparably firm.

Clearly, he was long already used to this kind of life and death.

On the battlefield, they were not whatever Saint Exalt powerhouses at all, just cannon fodders.

If the death of cannon fodders could have some meaning, that was pretty good too!

They were not unable to face life and death. It was just that they were not willing to die incompetently on the sickbed.

Ye Yuan clenched his jaws tightly and said in a solemn voice, “Good brother, Ye Yuan won’t let you down!”

Over there, Bloodspirit had also come to realize it!

His expression changed, and he shouted loudly, “Ignore the others! Everyone, stop Ye Yuan at all costs!”

Under his word of command, there were suddenly countless more blood race powerhouses around Ye Yuan.

It was just that he did not care.

Those True Sovereign Heavens were all held back!

As long as True Sovereign Heavens did not disturb him, he would be able to rush over!

Ye Yuan’s aura skyrocketed, one fist force after another firing out, akin to claps of thunder!

The blood race’s Saint Sovereign Heavens died in waves.

With how strong the blood race was, those soldiers had never had such painful experiences before too.

For a moment, they were actually cowed by Ye Yuan!

“Who’s coming to seek their doom!”

Ye Yuan shouted coldly, his figure suddenly rushing forward, akin to a demon god!

The blood race soldiers ahead actually opened up a path involuntarily and let Ye Yuan rush over.

‘When Bloodspirit saw this scene, he could not help stomping his feet angrily and said in alarm and fury, “Are you all pigs? Kill him! Kill him!”

Although he also knew that even if Ye Yuan rushed over, it was impossible to cause any damage to the spatial passageway too. But the apprehension toward Ye Yuan in his heart still left him uneasy.

But, even if he was uneasy, there was nothing that he could do as well.

It was because the blood race army was already afraid of Ye Yuan!

These few years, the blood race’s battles had always been overwhelming. They had never experienced such a bitter fight before.

Therefore, Ye Yuan’s strength already made them fearful.

On the contrary, the Heaven One army’s side had an unstoppable momentum and was not afraid of death, and actually suppressed the blood race for some time.

One should pick soft persimmons to knead. Those blood race Saint Sovereign Heavens were also clear in their hearts that even if Ye Yuan went over, it was useless too.

In that case, let him go over then!

As long as the others did not go over, it was impossible for Ye Yuan alone to destroy the spatial passageway.

Ye Yuan punched out again, directly wiping out the three blood race Saint Sovereign Heavens in front of him that did not want their lives!

‘There was already no one in front!

The blood race army was killed until he passed through!

He finally came out!

Ming Yi discovered this scene too. Disregarding the injuries on his body, he said in wild ecstasy, “Ye Yuan, hurry up and go! Leave this side to us!”

“Ye Yuan, it’s entrusted to you! Even if I drain my last drop of blood, this Song won’t let them advance a single step too!” Song Miao said with his entire body covered in blood.

Ye Yuan nodded seriously and said in a solemn voice, “Everyone, rest assured. This Ye definitely won’t let the brothers’ blood to flow in vain!”

Finished speaking, his figure flashed, and he disappeared in front of everyone..