Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2831: Buried Alive!

Translator: Atlas StudiosEditor: Atlas Studios

“The situation at Emperor Dan Fei there doesn’t seem too good,” Ye Yuan was not in a hurry to damage the passageway, his gaze looking toward Dan Fei there instead.

The battle over there was too fierce. He could feel it clearly here too.

Not just Dan Fei alone, the other people’s situation was not very good too.

Ye Yuan even sensed that Heaven One’s side already had an Emperor Realm that died!

“Even if he damages the passageway, the Heaven One’s Emperor Realms are still not the blood race’s match! Under this kind of circumstances currently, the southern front can’t dispatch powerhouses over at all. The destructive power of these blood race Emperor Realms is too strong. If they slaughtered

willfully at the northern front, the consequences would be too ghastly to imagine,” Ye Yuan said with a frown.

“You brat, what do you want to do?” Mi Tian said with a headache.

“I say, Senior, once space collapses, can it bury these blood race Emperor Realms alive?” Ye Yuan suddenly said.

Mi Tian covered his face with his hand, feeling his head swell bigger.

However, he still said, “The blood race has powerful life force. They might not die. But to be seriously injured is a certainty.”

After a moment of silence, Ye Yuan nodded and said, “Alright, let’s do it!”

Mi Tian said, “They might not die, but your hope of survival isn’t high.”

Ye Yuan grinned and said, “Don’t kid me! With your elderly self around, how could I die?”

Finished saying, Ye Yuan immediately turned into a stream of flowing light and tunneled into the spatial passageway.

Amoment later!

Rumble

The spatial passageway emitted waves of intense tremors.

Over at the blood race side, the expressions of Lotuswear and the rest changed drastically!

“Not good! That Saint Sovereign Heaven brat actually really damaged the spatial passageway! Li He, end the fight swiftly, don’t drag on anymore!” Lotuswear said in a cold voice.

Li He there was fighting one-on-two, but he firmly took the upper hand too.

Originally, he was not in a hurry to defeat Zuo Chen two people because that would cost a considerable price.

But at this time, he could not care much anymore.

“Got it!”

It was only to see blood light shine brilliantly on his body, directly giving up defending and unfolding a frenzied killing.

Zuo Chen two people were forced back by Li He until they steadily lost ground, vomiting fresh blood wildly.

While on Dan Fei’s side, Lotuswear suffered several heavy blows too, and directly crippled him.

Then, she flew towards the spatial passageway. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Dan Fei felt helpless in his heart. He was only left with half a life at this time and could not even move a muscle. He was unable to go save Ye Yuan at all.

On the other side, explosion sounds rumbled without ceasing.

Li He was blown up by Zuo Chen with one punch, but he also gave Lu Feng a fatal blow!

Lu Feng died right away without even screaming out.

Zuo Chen also suffered heavy injuries, and he lost the power to fight again.

Li He recondensed his physical body. Ignoring the injured Zuo Chen, he pounced over towards the spatial passageway too.

The rumbling noises from the spatial passageway became more and more intense and already faintly showed signs of instability.

Fortunately, the spatial passageway itself was already close to being stable. Ye Yuan’s destruction seemed to find it difficult to succeed for a while.

Lotuswear two people’s figures were like lightning, tunneling into the spatial passageway at once.

Dan Fei smiled bitterly and said, “We’re too useless! At this time, it’s when Ye Yuan needs help the help, but we … can’t help him at all!”

Zuo Chen also sighed and said, “Could it be that it’s going to fall short of success at the last stage just like this?”

“Stop talking nonsense! Hurry up and recover your injuries! Even if we wage our lives, we have to complete the mission too!” Dan Fei said in a solemn voice.

The two people each swallowed a grade eight heavenly pill and recovered their wounds.

It was just that they were injured too badly. It was hard to recover for some time.

Damn it! How can a mere Saint Sovereign Heaven destroy a Hegemon Realm’s spatial passageway?” Looking at the spatial passageway that was riddled full of holes, Lotuswear was incredibly furious.

Li He also had a solemn expression as he said, “Even if he’s proficient in spatial rule, it’s impossible to do this too! There’s something strange about this kid!”

Lotuswear said in sullen anger, “Enough crap, hurry up and find this boy and kill him! Otherwise, the consequences of letting him continue destroying like this would be too ghastly to imagine! Mn? There!”

In the passageway ahead, a figure was faintly discernible. Who could it be if not Ye Yuan?

‘When Lotuswear saw Ye Yuan, she was overjoyed.

‘As long as she saw him, wouldn’t her killing a Saint Sovereign Heaven be easily accomplished?

“Punk, where are you running!”

Lotuswear’s clothes fluttered, pursuing Ye Yuan like lightning.

“Old hag, with just the likes of your middling ability, you also want to kill your Grandpa Ye?” From ahead came Ye Yuan’s cold laughter.

Mn?

‘Why was it Grandpa Ye?

Got led astray by Yang Qing that fellow!

However, in this spatial passageway, it was really not easy for Lotuswear to want to catch up to Ye Yuan.

Lotuswear gave a cold snort and suddenly pointed a finger out.

A terrifying power instantly exploded around Ye Yuan.

Boom!

The spatial passageway shook and actually became even more unstable.

Li He shouted fiercely, “Lotuswear, are you mad? This guy failed to destroy the spatial passageway. Could it be that you want to destroy it?”

Lotuswear’s expression was very ugly too.

She did not expect that Ye Yuan was actually so slippery. That attack just now, even if it was a peak True Sovereign Heaven, they would be directly erased too, but it failed to kill Ye Yuan.

Ye Yuan was like a fish in water in this spatial passageway, killing him really took a lot of effort.

“Old hag, you just have this bit of ability? What bullshit Emperor Vast Heaven! It’s nothing more than this!” Ye Yuan still laughed coldly as he said.

Lotuswear’s expression turned cold, and she said in a solemn voice, “Punk, don’t you get cocky! There’s Lord May currently hurrying over ahead, this seat wants to see when you can escape until!”

Ye Yuan said disdainfully, “What rubbish Lord May! If he comes, Grandpa Ye will round you all up in one fell swoop! You bloodkins, each and every one of you, you are outwardly strong and inwardly weak, being simply a bunch of weaklings. I also don’t know what you’re showing off about!”

Lotuswear said with a cold smile, “Boy, you can only indulge in a contention of mouth and tongue!”

But Li He’s expression was ugly as he said in a solemn voice, “He’s really not indulging in a contention of mouth and tongue! Yuan Zheng the three of them couldn’t even receive a move from him!”

‘When Lotuswear heard that, her expression could not help changing, immediately being choked badly.

This kid was actually so strong?

Suddenly, Lotuswear sensed a powerful aura ahead that was currently speeding over swiftly.

Lotuswear was overjoyed and said loudly, “Lord May, this boy is currently damaging the spatial passageway, please take action and stop this boy!”

“Rest assured, leave it to this seat!” A coarse voice came from the gloomy depths of the passageway.

‘There was a wolf ahead and tigers behind, Ye Yuan seemed to have no way out anymore!

Very soon, a blood energy that made people suffocate hit the nose from in front.

Ye Yuan virtually could not stand firm when he was hit by this blood energy.

Too strong!

Suddenly, his figure stopped, and he simply stopped running.

Lotuswear two people stopped ten thousand feet away from Ye Yuan and said smugly, “Boy, continue running! See if this seat doesn’t tear your mouth!”

‘That powerful aura in the depths of the passageway arrived with a howl.

Ye Yuan looked at Lotuswear and suddenly smiled.

This smile made Lotuswear’s heart go ‘thump.’

“Old hag, you’re thinking too much! I can easily destroy this spatial passageway! But do you know why I’m not destroying it? Did you think that I was joking with you earlier? Actually, I want to round you all up in one fell swoop!”

Ye Yuan gave a light laugh and suddenly threw a punch somewhere in space.

Rumble!

The entire spatial passageway started shaking violently.

The entire space started collapsing!