Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2834: Terrifyingly High Seniority!

Translator: Atlas StudiosEditor: Atlas Studios

This sort of thing naturally could not be joked about.

‘Therefore, when Zang Feihong finished giving the detailed war report, these Hegemon Realms felt that happiness came so suddenly.

Indeed, the northern front’s battle was too low-level.

But, in terms of importance, it was not at all inferior to the southern front!

Furthermore, the northern front’s battle was extremely dangerous. Even if they could win, that would be a pyrrhic victory too.

However, he did not expect that the northern front actually obtained a great victory that was utterly satisfying!

An elegant voice said agitatedly, “This lad is stellar!”

A female Hegemon said boorishly, “You stinking scholar, what are you being refined for? Ye Yuan is amazing! Too amazing’!”

“A remarkable feat without rival! A big reward! There must be a big reward! Send this seat’s hegemon order. Ye Yuan’s contributions are unparalleled, saving Heaven One from extreme misery, overcoming the raging tides! He’ll be placed under Extreme Light Pavilion and become this seat’s personal

disciple!” An aged and hoary voice came over.

The woman before said in a cold voice, “Humph! Old Fogey Cloudmount, you really calculated well! The matter previously, we haven’t settled scores with you yet!”

In Absolute Heaven Barrier, a series of dry coughing came over. That old voice appeared slightly embarrassed as he said, “Cough, cough, men all make mistakes; horses all stumble! Although this seat’s Alchemy Dao is unparalleled, a clever wife can’t cook a meal without any rice! Ye Yuan is originally my

Extreme Medicine Sect’s disciple. Now, he became this seat’s disciple. It’s also considered making amendments, right?”

“Bullsh*t! Don’t think that Your Mother doesn’t know. Your Extreme Medicine Sect has all become unbelievably cocky because you all came up with this suppression method. Ye Yuan urged you all, and you all didn’t listen either, resulting in the great defeat! Now, what’s the use of belated action?” But the

female Hegemon was unrelenting after gaining the momentum.

‘What they were talking about was naturally the matter of using true spirit blood to suppress the blood corruption poison previously.

That matter caused an extremely adverse impact.

Not just the northern front, the southern front similarly suffered heavy losses.

Fortunately, the news from the northem front there was sent over in time, avoiding a macroscopic loss.

This matter, Ye Yuan also performed deeds of valor.

Therefore, Old Fogey Cloudmount’s move was actually exactly the same as Zuo Chen’s method.

Boosting Ye Yuan’s status was for the sake of making the Extreme Medicine Sect’s face look a little better.

However, Ye Yuan became a Hegemon Realm’ disciple all of a sudden, that seniority was a little frighteningly high.

At this time, Divine Lord spoke up. He said, “Alright, stop arguing, This matter, Senior Cloudmount was indeed in the wrong, but he also wholeheartedly had the alliance in mind. Sister Zhi Yun, don’t keep clinging onto it.”

“Humph!”

Divine Lord speaking up, that female Hegemon could only stop talking.

“Senior Cloudmount, this seat isn’t opposed to you wanting to take Ye Yuan in as a disciple. But this matter had best be dealt with in a low-profile manner. Otherwise, you’ll be harming a meritorious subject and chill everyone’s hearts! Furthermore, this boy’s talent is astonishing. Once he steps into

Emperor Realm, he’ll be a major combat force too! Therefore, even if he’s a divergent cultivator, don’t need to treat him as a sacrificial piece too!” Divine Lord continued saying to Cloudmount.

Although the Absolute Heaven Barrier stopped the blood race army.

But both sides had fought fiercely for several thousand years. There had also been quite a few blood race powerhouses who infiltrated the Heaven One Continent.

There was no lack of powerhouses among them.

Once they excessively assisted Ye Yuan to grow, these bloodkins would probably assassinate Ye Yuan at any cost!

“This … It’s still Divine Lord who has ample considerations. I’ll do as Divine Lord says! Pinespring, I’ll leave this matter to you.” Cloudmount hesitated for a bit and said.

“Yes, Master!” In the Absolute Heaven Barrier, a voice answered.

Since it was inside the Absolute Heaven Barrier, then it was a Hegemon Realm powerhouse!

This person actually addressed Cloudmount as his master, his seniority could be seen!

Even Divine Lord had to address him respectfully as his senior when he saw him too!

This kind of old monster actually took Ye Yuan in as a personal disciple. That meant that Ye Yuan and those at the Hegemon Realm were peers already!

This seniority was really frighteningly high!

In reality, the Extreme Medicine Sect had two great Hegemon Realm powerhouses.

One was Cloudmount, the other was his disciple, Zhou Pinespring. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

These two people were aloof from worldly affairs and shut themselves away from the world.

Ye Yuan became Cloudmount’s disciple. In the Extreme Medicine Sect, even if the sect master saw him, he would have to call Ye Yuan as “Martial Uncle” respectfully too!

The current Northern View City had long already become a sea of joy!

Once Lotuswear and Li He died, the remaining blood race Emperor Realms did not pose any threat at all.

After Dan Fei and Zuo Chen slightly recovered their injuries, it would not be difficult to kill them.

‘The Emperor Realm experts were victorious. The remaining Saint Sovereign Heaven army went even without saying.

No matter how high the numbers, it was futile too!

Therefore, an unprecedented great victory was achieved at the northern front.

And all these were thanks to Ye Yuan!

At present, Ye Yuan’s prestige in the northern front army was like the noonday sun, even surpassing the highest commander, Dan Fei!

It was because they all knew that even Dan Fei, this Emperor Vast Heaven powerhouse, could not accomplished such an astonishing great reversal either!

However, Ye Yuan could not cheer up.

Although this battle was a great victory, the Heaven One army also suffered heavy casualties.

Many people that Ye Yuan was familiar with, like Qiao Yiping, all fell.

Northern View City Lord, Song Miao, also died in battle in the end because of holding back a blood race True Sovereign Heaven.

Especially Song Miao, he was Ye Yuan’s savior.

His death made Ye Yuan very upset.

When in the Lower Realms, Ye Yuan had also once resisted foreign enemies several times.

But at that time, while his strength could not dominate the war, it could at least influence the course of the war?

But now, he was as insignificant as an ant.

He could not influence the course of the war in any way.

As for this time, it was actually just being lucky enough to be there at the time.

He knew that war was cruel, but it was still his first time experiencing it so intimately.

In order to protect him while he killed his way out of the heavy encirclement, one comrade after another fell down around him.

Those scenes were still vivid in his mind until now.

People all said that it was him who overcame the raging tides, dominating this unprecedented great victory.

But Ye Yuan understood that it was not him alone fighting!

Without those heroes who died, could he have killed his way out of the heavy encirclement?

Impossible!

Therefore, after the great battle ended, Ye Yuan was very low-profile.

He used the blood race blood essence collected in the great battle and refined a batch of Blood of Flame Crystals again, treating those poisoned soldiers.

There was also a large batch that he had Dan Fei send to the southern front to treat the soldiers over there.

The soldiers over there were the ones who needed this thing the most!

‘The remaining time, Ye Yuan imparted the complete Xuanji Nine Leaves to Xiao Shan and the rest.

He planned to leave for the Extreme Medicine Sect after imparting it.

Ye Yuan desperately wanted to increase his strength. In this kind of great battle, only powerful strength could affect the war situation!

He understood that this time, there was suspicion of gaining advantage by trickery.

Only when one truly became powerful could they reduce the number of deaths around them.

And right at this time, Zhou Pinespring descended!

Of course, it was not his main body. It was just a wisp of his clone.

However, even if it was a wisp of his clone, it was also terrifyingly strong!

He did not alarm too many people. He just convened the Emperor Realm powerhouses as well as the army’s few great commanders.

‘With regards to Zhou Pinespring’s arrival, Dan Fei and the rest were incredibly shocked too.

With the northern front suffering a setback, the blood race carried out a frenzied counteroffensive. The southern front’s war was very tense.

At this time, Zhou Pinespring actually split off a wisp of clone and came to the northem front to praise the army. It could be seen how important the various Hegemons regarded this great victory!