Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2863 Breaking the Stalemate!

With Ye Yuan defying the heavens with one pill, Yang Qing swept across True Sovereign!

This matter set off huge waves in the Extreme Medicine Sect from top to bottom.

But, before the aftermath of this matter had passed, a piece of news that was even more of a bolt out of the blue descended!

This time, the ones who were shocked was not just the Extreme Medicine Sect, but it was the entire Heaven One Alliance!

The Extreme Medicine Sect had opened up cultivation resources to the entire Heaven One Alliance.

This news was too explosive!

Of course, the one who got slapped the hardest were still the Extreme Medicine Sect’s disciples.

Previously, they were all mocking Ye Yuan, thinking that it was impossible for this matter to be realized.

Forget about the Extreme Light Pavilion agreeing to it, Sect Master was just brushing him off and would not bring this matter up to the Extreme Light Pavilion at all. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Who knew that it was really brought up! However, they did not know that if Ye Yuan wanted to report it to the Extreme Light Pavilion, he did not need Song Qingyang at all.

Bringing it up was not strange. What was scary was that the Extreme Light Pavilion actually really agreed!

“It’s crazy, right? This is something that shakes the sect’s foundation. The pavilion elders actually agreed?” “Where are the Hegemon ancestors? Ye Yuan messing around like this, they’re not going to control him too?”

“Motherf*cker, got slapped in the face again!”

With regards to the Extreme Medicine Sect’s decision, everyone could not figure it out after racking their brains. What right did a measly little Saint Sovereign Heaven have to have his suggestion be adopted after bringing it up?

Furthermore, it was even such a major thing!

The moment the news came out, the world was shocked!

To itinerant cultivators and those small sects, this was absolutely a piece of huge good news!

However, it was naturally impossible for this kind of release to be without additional conditions.

For itinerant cultivators, those who used the Extreme Medicine Sect’s resources would be viewed as automatically joining the Heaven One Alliance and be subjected to the Heaven One Alliance’s unified allocation of resources!

Small sects must open their resources to the Extreme Medicine Sect too.

Furthermore, as long as they utilized the Extreme Medicine Sect’s resources, they would have to go and serve at the Absolute Heaven Barrier for three years!

All sects were members of the Heaven One Alliance.

But Heaven One Continent still had countless itinerant cultivators. These itinerant cultivators were a force that could not be overlooked.

Among these people, there were brave ones who were killed at the Absolute Heaven Barrier all year round.

But there was still a very large part that was huddling up in the rear.

This decision of the Extreme Medicine Sect would immediately summon a large portion of itinerant cultivators.

It would not do if they did not come!

What did itinerant cultivators lack?

Resources!

Among itinerant cultivators, there were actually many geniuses. They suffered from a lack of cultivation resources, their cultivation realms having difficulty breaking through all along If their cultivation realm did not break through, they would have to face endless Dao tribulations!

Come one day, they would die!

With the Extreme Medicine Sect opening up resources, they would have hopes of breaking through their realms. In terms of cultivation resources, the Extreme Medicine Sect was absolutely positioned right at the top!

They were virtually number one across the entire Heaven One Continent.

Even the other two great Hegemon level sects could not compare to the Extreme Medicine Sect too.

Therefore, the Extreme Medicine Sect’s cultivation resources had a fatal allure!

This kind of good thing, no one would refuse it.

Hence, countless powerhouses were gathering over at the Extreme Medicine Sect.

Furthermore, this way of doing things brought huge prestige to the Extreme Medicine Sect!

“The Extreme Medicine Sect is well-deserving of being an alchemy overlord. This great courage makes people admire them!” “The Extreme Medicine Sect is too responsible! After my strength breaks through, I must go to Absolute Heaven Barrier and showcase my abilities!”

“Putting aside sectarian views and breaking hundreds of millions of years old established practices, the Extreme Medicine Sect really has great breadth of spirit!”

Among these people, they were naturally people who had great experience and knowledge too.

The Extreme Medicine Sect having such an open attitude made them feel ashamed of their unworthiness. They secretly swore to definitely head to the Absolute Heaven Barrier. Every day, there were countless powerhouses gathering in front of the mountain pass gates.

ses

There was one more thing that made the entire Extreme Medicine Sect hate Ye Yuan to the core.

From now on, all of the Extreme Medicine Sect’s disciples would take turns going to the Absolute Heaven Barrier!

No matter whether you were of the conservative faction or not, you would have to be forced to the front-lines in the future.

Hua Zong was stunned when he got this news.

He discovered that the boasts that Ye Yuan made were really realized one by one!

This little junior brother was truly remarkable!

Why was he, a measly little Saint Sovereign Heaven, impressive to this extent?

Did the conservative faction remain silent about this?

No!

The moment the news came out, the conservative faction immediately carried out a large-scale reverse play.

They practically swarmed out in full force, joining forces to exert pressure on the sect!

The conservative faction’s forces practically occupied more than half of the Extreme Medicine Sect.

Once they joined hands, the power could be imagined.

However, right at this time, a dharmic decree descended from the sky, shocking the entire Extreme Medicine Sect!

At this moment, that dharmic decree could be seen by the whole sect.

The Extreme Medicine Sect’s four great Hegemon Realms joined hands to send down the dharmic decree, stating that the Extreme Light Pavilion’s decision was the will of the Hegemon Realms!

With this, the Extreme Medicine Sect boiled over!

The four great Hegemons were aloof from worldly affairs and had never expressed their attitudes with regard to this matter before.

This time, they actually joined hands to send down the dharmic decree!

No one could resist the will of the Hegemon Realms.

Hence, they determined the world with one move, and the conservative faction’s voice was directly suppressed by this dharmic decree.

“Hahaha … That boy indeed suits Your Father’s appetite the best! This move of his is really played beautifully! The thing that even this seat can’t do, he actually did it!”

In the Absolute Heaven Barrier, Hegemon Cloudmount’s hearty laughter could be heard.

However, not all the Hegemons could hear this laughter.

It was because his voice was actively being isolated.

But Divine Lord His Excellency could hear him.

“I really didn’t expect that this boy is actually so stunning, breaking the stalemate of several thousand years in one stroke! With this, those few stubborn old things will probably fly into a thunderous rage! Speaking of which, I really need to thank Ye Yuan properly this time,” Divine Lord His Excellency said with a smile.

“Heh heh, Divine Lord Your Excellency, you mustn’t just be all talk and no action! This Seat has remembered these words!” Hegemon Cloudmount said with a shady smile.

The moment Divine Lord heard this, he could not help laughing as he said, “You old fellow, could it be that this lord will still owe a Saint Sovereign Heaven junior? This time, Ye Yuan really helped out greatly! However, those few old fellows will probably be finding you to settle scores!”

Cloudmount smiled coldly and said, “Would Your Father be scared of them? If not for the few of them obstructing in every possible way, our new policy would have long been pushed forward. Why would we end up being so passive now? Humph! Already at the juncture of life and death survival, those few old fellows are still so fettered by old convention! It serves them right to have their sects be wiped out!”

The Absolute Heaven Barrier’s Hegemon Realms were naturally not of one heart and mind too.

The reason why it developed until the present situation where all Hegemon Realms joined hands, it was forced by circumstances.

Why did the conservative faction have a market?

Without Hegemons supporting them, how could they be tough?

Among these Hegemon Realms, Hegemon Cloudmount and the rest of this group were all of the warring faction.

They hoped to break down the barriers between sects. The Heaven One Alliance was one family!

But the vast majority of Hegemon Realms turned their noses up in disdain at this!

These Hegemon Realms hoped that there must be autonomy between sects.

Otherwise, their legacies would be buried in oblivion in the dust of history. Among them, the other two continents’ Hegemon Realms especially dominated!

Their sects had practically been annihilated already.

Therefore, they had a very averse attitude towards this kind of merger.

Divine Lord also advocated for breaking down the barriers, but he needed to borrow the strength of these Hegemon Realms to deal with the blood race, so it could only keep dragging on until now.

But Ye Yuan’s action completely broke this deadlock.

Once the situation was broken, Divine Lord took the initiative!

Then what right did Ye Yuan, a measly little Saint Sovereign Heaven, have to be able to do something that even Hegemon Realms could not accomplish?

The problem still lay with those treasures of the Labyrinth Divine Palace.

Ever since entering the sect, Ye Yuan pushed his momentum to the peak step by step.

At the crucial moment, he threw out these Labyrinth Divine Palace treasures. Under this kind of situation, the Extreme Medicine Sect’s conservative faction already could not make much noise anymore.

It was because they needed those treasures too! They also needed to become strong!

At this time, the moment the dharmic decree of Hegemon Cloudmount and the rest descended, it immediately suppressed all the voices in the sect.