Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2897: Jaw-dropping Play!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

This guy was doing it again?

In the crowd, Yang Qing’s pupils constricted, instinctively feeling fear.

Back then, that spectacular scene at sea was still fresh in his memory until now.

But, thinking back, Ye Yuan seemed to not have transcended tribulation for a long time already.

The last time he overcame tribulation, it was when he broke through to upper Saint Sovereign Heaven.

Thinking up to here, his scalp could not help tingling.

Other people did not know how terrifying Ye Yuan’s Dao tribulation was, but he knew!

Motherf*cker, following this guy really has nine chances to die and one chance to live!

While it was satisfying, he was playing with his life every day!

Yang Qing knew, but the rest did not know.

When they heard Ye Yuan’s words, they felt that it was laughable to the extreme.

“Huhu,?our Lord Blood Divine Son said that he’s going to deal with the 100 over thousand of us by himself!”

“Impressive! Indeed well-deserving of being Lord Blood Divine Son!”

“Lord Blood Divine Son, even if we stand here and let you kill, you’ll also have to kill until your hands turn into jelly, right?”

They knew that Ye Yuan was formidable. If they were all Saint Sovereign Heavens, they really might not be able to stop him.

But there were also several thousand True Sovereign Heavens present.

Among them, there were even hundred sons level powerhouses.

Could Ye Yuan alone deal with so many?

If over 100 thousand people were killed by Ye Yuan, then wouldn’t that be a joke?

“Waste your breath with him for? Attack together and kill him for this seat! Kill him!” Bloodpromise had already completely rampaged at this time.

He felt anger from humiliation after being played.

An exalted origin realm mighty expert was actually toyed by a Saint Sovereign Heaven in the palm of his hand.

Disgraceful!

When Bloodpromise was enraged, the blood race army no longer hesitated.

One terrifying attack after another came greeting Ye Yuan’s body.

Regarding this, Ye Yuan just smiled brightly.

At this moment, he no longer suppressed his realm, allowing his aura to skyrocket at will.

Ye Yuan’s realm had already been suppressed for too long.

Upon releasing it, a terrifying energy undulation instantly swept all around.

Dozens of Saint Sovereign Heaven powerhouses were directly ground to dust by this surge of energy.

Several True Sovereign Heavens were severely wounded too.

As for those attacks, when Ye Yuan displayed his movement technique, they could not land on his body at all.

Occasionally, a few were easily annihilated by this surge of energy too.

Everyone was struck dumb with amazement!

Why was the commotion so big when this guy broke through?

Was True Sovereign Heaven broken through like this?

As expected of Blood Divine Son, the commotion of this True Sovereign Heaven breakthrough was also too great!

But very soon, they discovered that something was not right.

Dao tribulation came!

“Not good, my my Dao tribulation is here! T-This time, it seems very powerful!”

“M-My Dao tribulation came too! What the hell?”

“What is going on here? I’d clearly just transcended my Dao tribulation not long ago! Why is it here again?

“It’s Ye Yuan! This guy broke through to True Sovereign Heaven and directly brought down the True Sovereign Dao Tribulation!”

“This This is Five Calamity Dao Tribulation! Really seeing ghosts! Broke through to True Sovereign Heaven and he directly brought down a Five

Calamity Dao Tribulation?”

In the blood race army, cries of alarm echoed.

Layers of tribulation clouds gathered on top of the blood race army’s heads.

Furthermore, it gathered more and more!

The blood race army seemed to have contracted a plague, Dao tribulation arriving one after another.

Above the sky, ?? were densely packed. But, it was as if all the tribulation clouds were centered around an incomparably massive tribulation cloud.

That tribulation cloud covered the sky and blotted out the sun, emitting an aura that made people feel heart palpitations.

Even when Bloodpromise saw it, he had the jitters too.

He was incomparably horrified in his heart. How could this brat summon such a terrifying Dao tribulation?

Right, this kid was a divergent cultivator!

But divergent cultivators were also not up to this extent, right?

How jealous did this guy make heaven?

When Ye Yuan saw such power, the corners of his mouth could not help twitching too.

This time, it seemed like it was a little too over the top!

But in the next moment, his pupils constricted slightly, looking above the sky in horror.

Because the tribulation clouds started merging together!

Those countless tribulation clouds were all merging towards the center-most tribulation cloud.

The power of the tribulation clouds grew stronger and stronger, increasingly stronger!

Over 100 thousand blood race powerhouses, their complexions were practically all deathly pale.

This What kind of Dao tribulation was this?

Five Calamity Dao Tribulation?

Nine Calamity Dao Tribulation?

None of them!

Countless ? mixed together, already blurring the level of the Dao tribulation.

There was just one thing. This Dao tribulation was very strong!

Very strong!

Everyone felt as if the god of death was currently descending.

Feng Xiaotian also sucked in a breath of cold air and said, “Is this a character who suppresses an era? This is also too shocking, right?”

Without any prior agreement, both sides’ Emperor Realms stopped fighting.

They were all looking toward the tribulation clouds in the distance with extremely shocked eyes.

In fact, they had each retreated a lot, afraid of being caught up in the tribulation clouds.

They also did not dare guarantee whether or not approaching it would call down Dao tribulation.

Which of the Emperor Realms present were not characters who stunned an

They had experienced god knows how many Dao tribulations!

Their Dao tribulations were all very strong too.

But, never had it been as shocking as today!

One person transcending tribulation actually triggered more than 100 thousand people to transcend tribulations at the same time!

Then, the tribulation clouds of more than 100 thousand people all gathered together, forming a large-scale tribulation cloud site.

This was too crazy, too shocking!

The corners of Bloodpromise’s mouth Ovitched slightly. He felt that he was somewhat powerless.

These 100 thousand over people would not really be entrapped to death by him, T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

right?

Judging from the terror of this Blood Divine Son!

it was not impossible!

No wonder this guy could become the Blood Divine Son!

He was truly a breathtaking to the extreme character!

Suddenly, Bloodpromise’s pupils constricted, a slight curvature appearing at the corner of his mouth as he said with a smile, “Feng Xiaotian, such a terrifying Dao tribulation, you guess Can Ye Yuan himself escape it or not?” When Feng Xiaotian heard that, his expression changed wildly!

“Hahaha Feng Xiaotian, you say, is this called playing with fire and burning oneself? I admit that Ye Yuan was very formidable! He even deceived a group of Hegemons, becoming our blood race’s Blood Divine Son! But, if he can die, even if these over 100 thousand people are buried in death with him, it’s also worth it!”

Bloodpromise also finally understood why Feng Xiaotian wanted to save Ye

Yuan just now.

Such a character could not die!

To the Heaven One Alliance, he was hope!

Therefore, looking from another point of view, Ye Yuan’s death was even more important than capturing South Qi Giant City!

One would not die if they did not court death.

Now, this guy was actually courting death on his own!

Over 100 thousand people being buried with Ye Yuan did not seem to be something unacceptable too.

It was just some Saint Sovereign Heavens and True Sovereign Heavens. The blood race had plenty!

They only needed ten years, and the blood race would have another batch of

powerhouses be born again!

South Qi Giant City could be fought again.

But, once Ye Yuan died, it would be tantamount to extinguishing all of Heaven One’s hope.

Under the tribulation cloud, someone as strong as Yang Qing also had a deathly pale face.

This pressure was too terrifying!

Right now, even if an Emperor Realm was here, they would probably have to die too!

“Y-Ye Yuan, Your Father is getting killed by you! Just Just what the freaking hell are you? This kind of freakish thing, you could call it out too?” Yang Qing swallowed his saliva and said.

Ye Yuan smiled bitterly and said, “I also didn’t know that it would become like this!”

Right at this time, countless bolts of tribulation fell crazily like it was raining.

The aura that asphyxiated people fell from the sky!

At this time, Ye Yuan had already mustered up his strength, planning to fight it out with this Dao tribulation.

But in the next moment, he was stunned.

Bang, bang, bang.

Countless Dao tribulations fell, but miraculously, there was not a single Dao tribulation around him!

But the power of the Dao tribulations around Ye Yuan was the strongest!

Boom!

Several hundred sons level of powerhouses immediately turned to ashes under the Dao tribulation.

As for Saint Sovereign Heavens, god knows how many would die when one wave came down.

Just earlier , Bloodpromise was still roaring madly with laughter, laughing about how Ye Yuan was courting death.

But at this time, his smile froze on his gaze, seeming extremely bizarre.

What kind of jaw-dropping play was this?