Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2913: Exterminate Everyone!

Lu Yan three people’s talents were indeed not to be complimented.

The three people consumed 19 Resplendent Divine Emperor Pills before finally breaking through to Emperor Realm.

A waste of such fine profound grade heavenly pills!

But at any rate, the Sublime Pill Sect had four Emperor Realm powerhouses now. Their strength immediately jumped up a level.

Emperor Realm and not Emperor Realm were two totally different worlds!

Even if Ye Yuan was so monstrous, it was also impossible to cross this large mountain, jumping realms to battle.

As for those True Sovereign Heavens, their strength similarly made great progress.

The Sublime Pill Sect from top to bottom revered Ye Yuan like a god.

Ye Yuan stayed in the Sublime Pill Sect for three years.

For three years, Ye Yuan placed his mind on the origin of blood and the comprehension of the Divine Emergence’s third level.

At present, already Ye Yuan fused with the blood origin. This was the work of the Dao sword.

He could utilize the power of origin, but his understanding of the origin of blood was very superficial.

It was merely a matter of knowing how to do something but not understanding why.

The origin of blood was also the most fundamental power to construct the rules of all the heavens. Therefore, its power was not inferior to that of spatial origin!

With Ye Yuan grasping an origin power in-advance, he naturally palpitated with excitement.

With the Dao sword as a medium, his speed of comprehending the origin of blood was extremely fast.

Comprehending origin had no shortcuts to take.

But Ye Yuan took a shortcut.

On the contrary, Ye Yuan did not have any clues about the Divine Emergence’s third level this entire time.

The soul race had three great sacred canons and three great sacred soul artifacts. All of them were the 33 Heavens’ top existences.

The Divine Emergence’s third level was a massive threshold. It was incomparably difficult.

This third level often could only be comprehended by the soul race’s Emperor Realm powerhouses.

And the Divine Emergence was also one of the soul race’s sacred canons. The difficulty could be imagined.

Ye Yuan virtually did not have much bottlenecks cultivating it to grand completion second level.

But this time, he encountered a bottleneck.

The tranquility of these three years was finally broken by the arrival of the soul envoy!

“Paying respects to Lord Soul Envoy!”

Wang Jun brought the Sublime Pill Sect’s people and carried out a worship ritual on bent knees.

This soul envoy was merely grand completion True Sovereign Heaven, but these exalted Emperor Realms actually had to extend such solemn respects. It was truly oppressing.

“Mn.”

The soul envoy was very haughty and did not have the intention of letting Wang Jun and the rest get up at all.

Rather, it was behind him; an Emperor Cloud Heaven powerhouse’s gaze was swimming across Lu Yan few people, revealing a smile that was not a smile.

This person was called Zhang Zuoshan, Soaring Cloud Sect’s sect master.

To talk about this Soaring Cloud Sect, back then, they were still the Sublime Pill Sect’s subordinate sect. The strongest was merely True Sovereign Heaven.

Compared to the Sublime Pill Sect, the Soaring Cloud Sect was like an ant.

But circumstances changed with the passing of time. The Soaring Cloud Sect already had three Emperor Cloud Heaven powerhouses now. There was even a middle Emperor Cloud Heaven among them, their strength far surpassing the Sublime Pill Sect instead.

Actually, the soul race did not squeeze the human race blindly. Instead, they groomed some weak sects consciously.

But, when they drafted the humans, they would naturally draft those powerful sects.

This was equivalent to weakening a batch and nurturing a batch.

That batch that was weakened naturally hated the soul race to the core.

But that batch that was being groomed, they overflowed with gratitude towards the soul race.

This way, not only did it divide the human race, it also made it impossible for some powerful existences to appear in the human race, forever being enslaved under the soul race.

The Sublime Pill Sect was clearly that batch that was being weakened.

And the Soaring Cloud Sect was that batch that was being nurtured.

Zhang Zuoshan’s aptitude was actually ordinary, but with the soul race’s strength, wanting to nurture a middle Emperor Cloud Heaven was still easy to accomplish.

And Zhang Zuoshan also directly became a sycophant of the soul race.

If the soul race asked him to go east, he would never go west.

The soul envoy looked at Wang Jun and said lightly, “Wang Jun, your Sublime Pill Sect’s Zhou Chen, as well as five other Emperor Cloud Heavens, have already all fallen.”

These words did not carry the slightest trace of emotion. It was as if the few Emperor Realm powerhouses who died were little dogs.

Wang Jun’s entire body shook, tears pouring out of his eyes.

“Senior Apprentice Brother! I-It was all me who harmed you!”

Zhou Chen was precisely the Sublime Pill Sect’s former sect master!

Over 50 years ago, the soul race forcibly drafted Zhou Chen and six Emperor Cloud Heavens, only leaving behind Wang Jun, one Emperor Realm powerhouse.

Hence, Zhou Chen passed the position of sect master to Wang Jun.

Actually, that call-up planned to take Wang Jun away too. But Zhou Chen gave the vast majority of the Sublime Pill Sect’s resources to this soul envoy in order to leave behind a trace of bloodline for the Sublime Pill Sect.

This was also the reason why the Sublime Pill Sect depleted their resources to get a few grade six heavenly pills now.

These few thousands of years, the nightmares that the Sublime Pill Sect had heard of, were too many!

Ancestor Hang Yang brought a group of disciples and fought for over a thousand years with the blood race. In the end, he still fell.

When the bad news came, the entire sect was in deep grief!

Yet, this was only the beginning.

After Ancestor Hang Yang died, the soul race drafted another batch of Emperor Vast Heaven powerhouses.

Following that, it was Emperor Cloud Heavens.

Until now, there was only Wang Jun, a single sapling left!

“Heh,?Wang Jun, rather than crying bitterly for Zhou Chen that damn thing here, why not worry about yourself! Lord Soul Envoy has said, all of the Sublime Pill Sect’s Emperor Realms will enter the Scarlet Drill Battlefield! Since you all have four Emperor Realms now, then just now, go together then.”

Zhang Zuoshan looked at Wang Jun with a smug look.

Seeing that the Sublime Pill Sect actually had four Emperor Realms appear all of a sudden, he was extremely shocked in his heart.

Originally, the Soaring Cloud Sect had already completely pressed the Sublime Pill Sect down.

What kind of people Lu Yan these three were, Zhang Zuoshan knew.

Wanting to step into the Emperor Realm, there was basically no possibility. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

But, who knew that having not seen for a few short decades, the three of them actually all stepped into Emperor Cloud Heaven.

Fortunately, he kept it in mind. This time, he was going to round the Sublime Pill Sect up in one fell swoop, so he secretly informed Lord Soul Envoy to have him continue drafting the Sublime Pill Sect.

This time, he could completely trample the Sublime Pill Sect into the mud.

Wang Jun’s entire body shook, wishing to tear Zhang Zuoshan to shreds.

He knew that it was definitely him who stirred up enmity again.

“Lord Soul Envoy! My Sublime Pill Sect’s talents have already dwindled to zero in order to fight for the soul race! Now, there are only these last few bloodlines left! This time, Wang Jun is willing to set off for Scarlet Drill Battlefield. Lord Soul Envoy, please let Lu Yan they all off!” Wang Jun said in a trembling voice.

The soul envoy gave Wang Jun a glance and said coolly, “It’s your honor to fight for my soul race! Why? Do you feel that this envoy is setting you all up? Don’t need to say anymore. The situation of the battlefront at the Scarlet Drill Battlefield is urgent. We’re precisely in need of your services now. This time, not only are the four of you going; all of the True Sovereign Heavens have to go!”

When Zhang Zuoshan heard, he was beside himself with joy by the side.

Wang Jun lifted his head abruptly, looking at the soul envoy with a look of resentment.

This was driving everyone to extermination!

Wang Jun was furious to the extreme, the Emperor Realm pressure on his body suddenly releasing, already having the stance of risking it all.

However, the soul envoy did not care at all. He just said coolly, “Why, you even want to make a move? You have to think clearly. Once you make a move, your Sublime Pill Sect will completely disappear!”

This sentence was akin to a basin of cold water, pouring down the head.

The Emperor Realm pressure on his body instantly disappeared without a trace.

Going, there was still a glimmer of hope.

Not going, they would be completely wiped out by the soul race!