Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2987: Prisoners!

The moment everyone heard, they thought the same too.

This place was too different from the place that they yearned for.

The old man gave Ye Yuan a glance, standing with his hands behind his back as he said indifferently, “What the world knows has mostly been rumors snowballing. You believe it too!”

Ye Yuan continued, “I heard that Heavenly Dragon Island formed its independent space. This place doesn’t seem to be so.”

The old man frowned and said unhappily, “Kid, do you think that by getting on the Mountain Challenger List, you’re very impressive? After getting to Heavenly Dragon Island, all be more obedient!”

Ye Yuan smiled and said, “I even heard that Heavenly Dragon Island has a lot of true dragons. True dragons can be seen swimming everywhere in the sky. But, there’s nothing to see here.”

The old man was shocked in his heart. Could it be that this kid had been to the Heavenly Dragon Island before?

What Ye Yuan described was exactly the same as Heavenly Dragon Island.

However, he would not show it on his face and said in a solemn voice, “Boy, are you questioning the Divine Dragon Envoy’s servant? The Divine Dragon Token that was given to you all wouldn’t be fake, right?”

Originally, hearing Ye Yuan’s words, everyone’s hearts were somewhat nervous.

But this sentence calmed them down.

Ye Yuan smiled and stopped talking.

The old man let out a slight sigh of relief, thinking to himself that this kid was really too astute. He almost spilled the beans.

He was only Emperor Vast Heaven Realm. If these few little fellows revolted, the matter that Master entrusted would probably be screwed up.

When the flying boat landed on the island, the old man’s heart finally settled down. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

More than ten people came over to welcome them. They were all Emperor Vast Heaven Realm mighty experts.

The person at the front was even a Great Emperor at Emperor Sakra Heaven Realm!

“These are all this batch’s Mountain Challenger List’s geniuses?” The Great Emperor’s eyes swept across everyone’s faces.

The old man gave a bow and said, “Yes, Master! The top ten on the Mountain Challenger List are all here.”

Ye Yuan was startled in his heart. This Great Emperor was the Divine Dragon Envoy!

What Ye Yuan was surprised by was that this Divine Dragon Envoy actually did not have the aura of the blood race on his body!

Why did he see through that old man at a glance? It was because he had the blood race’s aura on his body!

Ye Yuan’s origin of chaos blood was very sensitive to the aura of the blood race.

This old man was not a blood slave, but the blood in his body had been remoulded before.

At that time, Ye Yuan had already detected that something was wrong.

Actually, after arriving at Voidshrine Illuminating Heaven, Ye Yuan had always been very curious.

The 33 Heavens’ other planes were all suffering the torment of the blood race. But, this place seemed to be calm and tranquil.

All the way until Ye Yuan encountered the Divine Dragon Envoy’s servant.

He finally confirmed that the blood race still extended their fiendish claws toward Voidshrine Illuminating Heaven.

It was just that they did not invade with great fanfare. Instead, they made arrangements in secret.

“Who’s Ye Yuan?” Divine Dragon Envoy suddenly asked.

The old servant pointed at Ye Yuan and said, “It’s him!”

The Divine Dragon Envoy sized Ye Yuan up and down. Suddenly, he flicked his sleeves grandly. It was only to see a gust of hurricane howl past, closing in on Ye Yuan.

Ye Yuan’s ‘face turned pale with fright,’ his bloodline pressure erupting wildly, directly bringing forth his strongest attack.

Second form of space, Dragon’s Roar!

However, this hurricane was like a metal plate. It was as if he collided right onto the metal plate.

Bang!

Ye Yuan was directly bounced flying.

Ye Yuan was greatly enraged and rushed in front of the Divine Dragon Envoy, roaring angrily, “Lord Divine Dragon Envoy, what’s the meaning of this?”

The Divine Dragon Envoy laughed loudly and said,?“Hahaha,?what pure bloodline! I really didn’t expect that your human race’s fleshly body actually has such a pure dragon race bloodline. Indeed well-deserving of being number one on the Mountain Challenger List! Yang Yi, the quality of this batch of kids is pretty good. There will be rewards!”

The old man smiled broadly and said, “It’s all Master who was skillful in guidance. Yang Yi doesn’t dare to claim credit.”

The Divine Dragon Envoy’s gaze looked toward Feng Qingxuan and said with a smile, “Didn’t expect that this time, even the Fire Phoenix Clan’s dethroned young patriarch is brought here too. Not bad! Really not bad!”

With this, everyone’s expressions changed.

They suddenly realized that the situation was not quite right.

The eyes that this Divine Dragon Envoy looked at him with did not seem to be appreciating whatever young geniuses. It looked like he was looking at a prey instead.

Previously, when Ye Yuan questioned the old servant, they still did not take it seriously. Now, they discovered that this ‘Heavenly Dragon Island’ really had something very wrong with it!

“Lord Divine Dragon Envoy, what’s the meaning of this?” Long Yi questioned.

Divine Dragon Envoy smiled and said, “There’s no meaning. It’s just that seeing each and every one of you have powerful bloodlines, this seat is very gratified!”

Long Yi’s expression changed, and he said in a solemn voice, “You’re not the Divine Dragon Envoy! What objective did you hoodwink us here for?”

Divine Dragon Envoy smiled lightly and said, “This seat being the Divine Dragon Envoy is without a doubt! Otherwise, do you think that the Divine Dragon Tokens fell down from the sky? Only the Heavenly Dragon Island can make this thing. It’s not what anyone can imitate! Alright, don’t think too much. Because very soon, you all won’t need to think anymore. After getting on the island, you all will understand.”

Long Yi’s expression changed drastically, his figure immediately flashing, about to escape.

Divine Dragon Envoy seemed to have long gotten used to this scene, lightly smacking a palm out.

Bang!

Long Yi’s back was hit by the palm, vomiting out blood with a cough, and he no longer had the strength to run away.

Everyone who was originally still thinking of escaping immediately ceased all actions.

This Divine Dragon Envoy was an origin realm mighty expert. They could not escape at all.

“Huhu,?be more obedient. Arriving here, you can forget about leaving. Remember, you all are making a contribution to the dragon race. You should feel honored!” Divine Dragon Envoy said with a faint smile.

At the same time, he gave a look to the people around him. There was immediately someone who stepped out of the ranks, chaining Long Yi up.

While the others swarmed out, chaining handcuffs and shackles on the rest.

These handcuffs and leg shackles were specially made. After they wore them, they only felt that their bloodline power was completely locked, unable to unleash at all.

Hence, the 11 geniuses became prisoners.

Feng Qingxuan was shocked in her heart. Everything was as Ye Yuan expected!

Previously, she did not believe it at all, thinking that Ye Yuan was kicking up a big fuss over nothing.

It was because the Divine Dragon Token was not fake.

But now, everything was practically the same as Ye Yuan said.

Feng Qingxuan had a hundred thousand whys in her heart!

The Divine Dragon Envoy was clearly real. But why would he lay his hands on his clansmen?

This fake Heavenly Dragon Island was right under the eyelids of the Heavenly Dragon Island. There was actually nobody who cared?

What were they capturing a few geniuses for?

So on and so forth!

Feng Qingxuan could not figure it out. Everything could not be explained.

But very clearly, everything was as Ye Yuan predicted.

The Divine Dragon Envoy detained the group of geniuses and entered a water dungeon.

In the water dungeon, Long Yi and the rest were shocked to the extreme.

It was because they saw many familiar faces!

“I-Isn’t that Lord Long Qingyi? He was the number one on the last season’s Mountain Challenger List. Why would he be here?”

“Also him! East Billow Region’s legend, Lord Tie Qin! He swept across East Billow Region back then and was the idol of all the mountain challengers! He’s actually being trapped here too!”

“That’s Lord Dong Yu. He was our Dragon Soar Tribe’s number one genius! I didn’t expect that he actually landed here too! J-Just what on earth is this place?”

… …

Seeing one familiar figure after another destroyed their willpower.

Some geniuses, a thousand years had already passed from now!

They were still being trapped here!

What did this indicate?

It showed that they would also be spending the remainder of their lives in this place!