Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2990: Water Prison Riot!

Going out of the water prison and fading into the void, Ye Yuan avoided some restriction array formations carefully, heading towards the depths of the water prison.

In less than half a day, Ye Yuan had gotten a rough idea of the water prison.

However, Ye Yuan did not dare to go where it was too deep.

There were a large group of powerful martial artists there and also many blood race auras.

Clearly, this Blood Dragon Island had experts plentiful like clouds.

At the end of the water prison, there was one secret room after another, with constant streams of people.

Many people were brought into the secret room, and then they emitted extremely miserable sounds.

Clearly, they were experimenting on those people.

Killing intent surged in Ye Yuan’s heart once more.

However, he still forcefully pushed it down.

A little impatience would spoil great plans.

Ye Yuan wanted to know about the intel from the depths of the water prison, so he controlled his temper and secretly listened to the intel.

After half a day passed, Ye Yuan discovered that they had started to get busy.

“I didn’t expect that the first batch of Conversion Blood Crystals actually went unexpectedly smoothly. With this, there will be work to be done.”

“I heard that this batch of mountain challengers are all pretty good. There are a human heaven qian grade bloodline and a Fire Phoenix Clan’s heaven qian grade bloodline!”

“People upstairs said that the Conversion Blood Crystals this time will be fused with them. The few of you go to the secret room and prepare. Bring them over half a day later.”

“Yes!”

… …

In the dark, Ye Yuan’s heart was shocked from listening.

They were going to make a move so quickly?

Wouldn’t that mean that they could not wait for Senior Long Ran they all to arrive?

This became troublesome!

“Damn it! Only half a day’s time. This is a big problem!”

Ye Yuan’s heart burned with anxiety, rushing back without stopping.

When he passed through the water prison, his figure stopped. Suddenly, his eyes turned intent, and he said, “Since we can’t wait, then we’ll have to do it ourselves!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

With a strategy in his heart, Ye Yuan returned to his cell like lightning.

When everyone saw Ye Yuan return, they could not help perking up.

“All shut up! Listen to me!” Ye Yuan said coldly.

Everyone was shocked in their hearts and immediately shut up.

Ye Yuan said, “That whatever damn Conversion Blood Crystal has already succeeded. They will be laying their hands on us very soon. We can’t wait for Senior Long Ran to come anymore! Therefore, we can only do it ourselves!”

The moment these words came out, everyone immediately fell into despair.

Long Yi smiled bitterly and said, “Do it ourselves? Just based on the few of us?”

Ye Yuan shook his head and said, “Of course it’s not the few of us! There are tens of thousands of powerhouses in this water prison! The weakest one is also True Sovereign Heaven Realm! If we let them all out, we might not be unable to fight!”

Scarletplume said, “But, what about Hegemon Realms? Furthermore, it seems like the majority of those detained in this water prison isn’t even Emperor Sakra Heaven Realm, right? This bit of strength, it isn’t enough to fill the crevices between their teeth at all!”

Ye Yuan’s gaze looked towards that solo cage in the distance.

Everyone followed his eyes and could not help shuddering.

Zhao Yue!

Long Yi opened his eyes wide and said in disbelief, “A-Are you crazy? If we let him out, he’ll be the first to tear us all apart!”

“No way! Absolutely not! He’s a monster. He doesn’t have intelligence at all. He only knows to kill!”

“Ye Yuan, stop joking! That monster has Hegemon Realm strength. Once he comes out, the entire water prison will be slaughtered by him!”

… …

These people had an instinctive fear of Zhao Yue.

This kind of fear was like a human encountering a wild beast.

It would not reason with you and also would not listen to you. The only emotion that it had was killing.

Letting such a monster out, wasn’t that seeking death?

Ye Yuan said coolly, “Then, do you all have a better solution? Saying it like if you don’t let him out, you all won’t die.”

Everyone could not help choking.

“Alright, I’ll release the seal on you all first, then go and save the others together. With the water dungeon’s captives all rioting, they will turn this damn place upside down! Even if we die under Zhao Yue’s hands, with his destructive power, this Blood Dragon Island can forget about having anything left behind too!” Ye Yuan said coolly.

Ye Yuan did not talk nonsense either, releasing everyone’s handcuffs and shackles very quickly.

… …

In an underground palace in the depths of the water prison.

The Divine Dragon Envoy weighed the crystals in his hand, extremely delighted.

“Haha,?with this, the time for our dragon race to unify the heavens has arrived! Lord Bloodless, for so many years, thank you for your hard work!”

Bloodless smiled and said, “You’re doing it again, no? These are all this seat’s duties. I only hope that when the dragon race unifies the heavens in the future, Lord Mi Zhen doesn’t forget our blood race.”

Divine Dragon Envoy smiled and said, “Lord Bloodless is joking. Unifying the heavens, that’s also our two races joining hands!”

The two people exchanged a glance and burst out laughing.

Bloodless sneered in his heart.

A bunch of fools!

In the past 100 thousand years, he had already pretty much figured out the dragon race’s bloodline.

The mother stone progressed very quickly these few years and was almost about to be born!

Chaos bloodline was indeed powerful!

It was just a shame that he could not acquire genuine chaos grade bloodline. Otherwise, the mother stone would have long come into being already.

However, it did not matter. After the mother stone came into being, he would personally come to take the chaos grade bloodline.

Unify the heavens?

What a joke!

The one to unify the heavens is our blood race!

Right at this time, a group of people ran into the great hall in a panic.

A subordinate said, “Lord Divine Dragon Envoy, things are bad! Things are bad! The water prison, the prisoners … are rioting!”

The Divine Dragon Envoy’s expression changed, and he said in a solemn voice, “What’s going on? Tell me in detail!”

That subordinate said, “That punk called Ye Yuan, the sealing handcuffs actually can’t lock him up. He has already opened up all of the water jails, the bloodline warriors in the water prisons and true spirit clan members are all rioting!”

Bloodless said in surprise, “Impossible! The sealing handcuffs were specially made by this seat. Unless their strength reached Hegemon Realm, it’s absolutely impossible to open it themselves!”

That subordinate almost wanted to cry.

Could he still lie about this sort of thing?

Wanting to talk about this sealing handcuff, it was indeed formidable.

In these 100 thousand years, not the slightest mistake had occurred before at all.

But this time, a problem occurred!

The Divine Dragon Envoy recovered his composure very quickly and said coolly, “It’s merely a bunch of trash who had their blood essence drained. There’s no need to kick up a huge fuss! Lord Bloodless, rest for a while. I’ll be right back.”

Bloodless nodded his head and did not say anything.

Those imprisoned in the water prison were mostly younger generation geniuses. Most were Emperor Cloud Heaven experts, and a minority were Emperor Vast Heaven experts.

There was also an extremely small group of bloodline warriors that were Emperor Sakra Heaven powerhouses.

However, that was merely it.

To an origin realm powerhouse like this, it was not worth mentioning at all.

Moreover, Blood Dragon Island was heavily guarded. How could he possibly be the only expert?

Bloodless, this Hegemon Realm, did not need to take action at all.

Under the Divine Dragon Envoy’s word of command, Blood Dragon Island’s powerhouses charged over towards the water prison.

Just as he said, they were merely a bunch of clay chickens and pottery dogs.

With the Divine Dragon Envoy taking the lead, more than ten Emperor Sakra Heaven Realm bloodline warriors were not even his match.

These bloodline warriors were all captured to fuse with Conversion Blood Crystals.

Many people died. There was only one person that survived. It was Zhao Yue.

When the Divine Dragon Envoy joined the battle, the rioting side started to lose ground very quickly.

And at this time, Ye Yuan was currently standing in front of Zhao Yue’s cage, his expression flickering indeterminately.