Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2995: He’ll Definitely Pay the Price!

After dispelling the heavy fog, everyone seemed to have stepped into paradise!

Many true dragons were soaring in the sky.

This place was the world of dragons!

“Stop! Trespassing Heavenly Dragon Island is a capital offense!” Suddenly, a voice came out of the large fog.

Two Emperor Sakra Heaven Realm true dragons dashed out, blocking everyone’s path.

But very soon, their expressions changed.

Because they saw thousands of people moving like a great flood, barging into Heavenly Dragon Island.

Each one was very powerful!

The old man in front was even an existence that made them tremble.

“Long Min, you’re really awe-inspiring, to dare block this seat’s path!” Long Ran said with a cold snort.

This group of people was precisely Long Ran and party who came from Blood Dragon Island to denounce publicly for crimes.

Originally, Long Ran planned on coming alone. But, he listened to Ye Yuan’s advice and brought these thousands of people all onto Heavenly Dragon Island.

Apart from this, the leaders of East Billow Region’s various major tribes, as well as four other Hegemon Realm powerhouses, were all gathered here.

In order to put pressure on Heavenly Dragon Island!

These people represented the entire East Billow Region!

“This … Elder Long Ran has returned. Long Min naturally doesn’t dare to stop. But these people … each and every one of them, they are strange beings. How can they enter Heavenly Dragon Island? Whatever business Elder Long Ran has, you can enter the island with all the elders. As for the others, they had better remain outside!” Long Min said neither obsequiously nor haughtily. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

But the meaning in his words was filled with disdain.

The ‘strange beings’ that he talked about, it was naturally referring to Zhao Yue and the rest.

These people were filled with a savage aura on their bodies.

In Long Min’s view, they were not worthy to enter the island at all.

Heavenly Dragon Island was the holy land of the 33 Heavens’ dragon race, being a paramount place.

These monsters getting on the island were desecrating the holy land!

Long Ran and the rest of the Hegemon Realm powerhouses naturally had extremely high statuses in the dragon race.

It was just that they were advanced in age and could not bear to part with their tribes. That was why they did not stay on Heavenly Dragon Island.

But they were all Heavenly Dragon Island’s Hegemon Realm elders. They naturally had the qualifications to enter the island.

“Roar!”

Behind Ye Yuan, Zhao Yue roared furiously. His fiendish aura instantly spread throughout the entire island.

Long Min’s expression changed greatly. He felt the scent of death.

It was not just Zhao Yue. Long Min’s words made everyone who were already sensitive to begin with, completely explode.

“This guy must be in cahoots with Long Qianxiang!”

“Kill him, take revenge for our dead brothers!”

“Your Father is risking it all today and fighting it out with Heavenly Dragon Island!”

… …

Facing Long Min’s discrimination, each and every one of them was extremely indignant and virtually wanted to rampage.

Long Min could not quite hold them back anymore. Although he was aware that he was aloof from the masses, one look and it was clear that these people were not to be trifled with.

Disregarding Zhao Yue, none of those monsters behind him was to be trifled with.

Any random one that came out could tear him to shreds!

“Get lost! Otherwise, this seat will kill you now as a sacrificial offering!” Long Ran said with seething killing intent.

Long Min’s expression changed repeatedly, and he said, “Elder Long Ran, here is Heavenly Dragon Island! If you do this, you have to consider the consequences!”

Long Ran sneered and said, “If this place isn’t Heavenly Dragon Island, this seat wouldn’t come! Today, this seat came to ask Mi Zhen, whether or not he still takes this seat to be a clansman!”

Finished saying, he directly smacked Long Min flying with a slap and could not be bothered to talk rubbish with him at all.

Several thousand people marched for the sky above Heavenly Dragon Island in a mighty contingent.

The entire Heavenly Dragon Island seethed with excitement at once!

Many people were uncertain what it meant and even thought that there were enemies attacking.

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

… …

One powerful aura after another stepped out of the void.

One!

Two!

Three!

37 Hegemon Realms!

Ye Yuan could not help drawing a cold breath. This… was also too strong!

The entire Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven only had 60 over Hegemon Realm powerhouses.

While a single Heavenly Dragon Island actually had 37 Hegemon Realms already!

Plus Long Ran the five of them, there were 42!

Ye Yuan knew that there were definitely still many Hegemon Realms that had gone into hiding. Just one dragon clan, the number of Hegemon Realms was no less than 60!

This power was too terrifying!

How many Hegemon Realms did the entire Voidshrine Illuminating Heaven have?

No wonder the blood race did not dare to invade this place in a flagrant manner. Once they angered the four symbols family clans, several hundred Hegemon Realms joining forces could directly level them!

With 37 Hegemon Realms stood proudly in the air, it completely suppressed the imposing momentum on Ye Yuan’s side at once.

A Hegemon Realm whose aura was powerful to the extreme questioned Long Ran, “Long Ran, do you want to rebel? Bringing a bunch of monsters and forcibly getting on Heavenly Dragon Island, what do you want?”

Ye Yuan felt that this person’s strength was at least Supreme Hegemon level too!

“Rebel??Hur hur,?Long Jian, this old man’s head isn’t rotten. Can I rebel just by bringing these people? This old man came here today with no other intention than to seek justice for East Billow Region’s children and grandchildren! If Heavenly Dragon Island feels that our East Billow Region is expendable, then you can very well annihilate all of us today! From now on, Heavenly Dragon Island is Heavenly Dragon Island, and East Billow Region is East Billow Region. We’ll have no dealings with each other! Either way, in the eyes of you all, these Hegemons who are far removed from the masses and reality, we’re just a bunch of ants!” Long Ran’s words carried endless lament and resentment.

On Blood Dragon Island, he understood everything.

Looking at these monster-like children, his heart ached to the extreme.

Over 100 thousand years, how many geniuses died?

Among these people, perhaps there would be Hegemon Realms appearing. No matter how lacking, there would also be a large batch of origin powerhouses.

But they all died in their own people’s hands!

Long Jian’s brows furrowed slightly, and he said in a solemn voice, “Long Ran, have you gone muddleheaded with age? East Billow Region and Heavenly Dragon Island are of the same breath and branch! We are both of the dragon race! Where are your words coming from?”

“Of the same breath and branch!?Hahaha,?what a fine of the same breath and branch! Long Jian, you open your eyes wide and take a good look at them! Dragonwild and Long Qianxiang turned them into resembling neither human nor ghost! You’re telling me now, of the same breath and branch? Don’t tell me that Dragonwild and Long Qianxiang has nothing to do with Heavenly Dragon Island, right?” Long Ran laughed until tears ran down his old face.

Long Jian’s expression changed, and he said in a solemn voice, “Long Ran, you have to take responsibility for saying this kind of words!”

“Long Ran! This seat knows that you harbor discontentment, but making slanderous charges like this, do you really think that this seat doesn’t dare to kill you?” At this time, another Supreme Hegemon came forward and criticized Long Ran.

“Roar!”

It was only to hear an astonishing angry roar. Zhao Yue directly turned into an afterimage without waiting for Ye Yuan’s orders, pouncing toward this person.

Everyone felt Zhao Yue’s heinous wrath!

“Bang!”

Enormous fluctuations rippled in the void, and Zhao Yue was directly sent flying out.

And that Supreme Hegemon was actually also knocked back several thousand feet by Zhao Yue!

“Vile beast! This seat will slaughter you!” That Supreme Hegemon was greatly enraged and was about to kill.

“Roar!”

Zhao Yue roared angrily too and pounced once more.

“Zhao Yue, stop!” Ye Yuan hurriedly yelled.

“Roar!”

Zhao Yue roared angrily with unwillingness.

Ye Yuan leaped up and arrived in front of Zhao Yue and said firmly, “I know that your fury is hard to appease, but I guarantee you, he’ll definitely pay the price!”

“Roar!”

Zhao Yue seemed to understand Ye Yuan’s words, roaring angrily again, but restrained his sharp edge.

Above the sky, the group of Hegemon Realm powerhouses was incredibly amazed.

They could tell that this wild beast-like monster did not have intelligence.

But he was actually so submissive and obedient to a measly little Emperor Cloud Heaven!