Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2997: Overbearing Dragonsand!

“What! Dragonwild and Long Qianxiang actually did such things that go against heaven and reason!”

“No wonder the younger generation disciples who entered Heavenly Dragon Island these few years have been getting worse with each generation. Turns out that they were sent to Blood Dragon Island!”

“The two of them have really lost all balance of judgment! To actually lay such vicious hands on their own people!

… …

Long Ran revealed everything about Blood Dragon Island’s incident. The entire Heavenly Dragon Island fell into shock.

And these monsters in front of them were Blood Dragon Island’s ‘masterpieces’!

Although Heavenly Dragon Island’s powerhouses were sitting up high in a prominent position and turned their noses up at East Billow Region, this did not mean that they could butcher their clansmen!

Heavenly Dragon Island had many Hegemon Realms that came out of the East Billow Region.

Blood Dragon Island’s matter aroused everyone’s fury.

“Presumably, I brought everyone here today to ask one thing. Are the East Billow Region’s tribes still part of the dragon race?” Long Ran choked with sobs as he said.

Mi Zhen was silent.

After a long time, he heaved a sigh and said, “This progenitor wholeheartedly pursued Great Dao these few years, resulting in neglecting Heavenly Dragon Island’s affairs. I didn’t expect that it actually caused such a tragedy. Long Ran, don’t mention such a thing again. This progenitor apologizes to you and to everyone on behalf of Heavenly Dragon Island.”

These words were sincere and moving.

Many East Billow Region geniuses felt inexplicably touched.

Progenitor Mi Zhen was a god-like figure to them.

But Progenitor Mi Zhen did not put on any airs and actually apologized to them.

In reality, nobody blamed Mi Zhen at all either. Their resentment and hatred were all focused on Dragonwild and Long Qianxiang.

“Progenitor Mi Zhen, you aren’t to be blamed for this. It’s all Dragonwild and Long Qianxiang’s fault!”

“Yeah, you don’t need to apologize!”

“Progenitor’s apology is too much for us to bear!”

… …

Everyone was in fear and trepidation. All the people that originally came in a threatening manner became scared all at once.

Only Ye Yuan and Long Ran were sneering in their hearts.

Although Mi Tian did not mention this to him, how shrewd was an old monster like Long Ran?

Mi Tian did not reveal his identity but let Ye Yuan enter Heavenly Dragon Island through mountain challenging, which in itself already indicated many problems.

Coupled with Mi Tian’s demise, Ye Yuan could roughly guess some things.

The more Mi Zhen was like this, the more vigilant he was in his heart.

However, he naturally would not be dumb enough to expose it. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Long Ran said with righteous indignation, “Progenitor, we don’t blame you for this! But I want to ask Progenitor one thing. Are the East Billow Region’s various tribes still considered a part of the dragon race?”

Mi Zhen said in sullen anger, “Long Ran, these words are overboard! You all are Big Brother and my descendants. You’re naturally all part of the dragon race!”

Long Ran said, “Since that’s the case, Progenitor please uphold justice for us! This sort of thing is absolutely not done by Dragonwild and Long Qianxiang only! There must be someone involved from Heavenly Dragon Island. Progenitor, please take charge and get to the bottom of things!”

Everyone prostrated again and said in unison, “Progenitor, please get to the bottom of it!”

Mi Zhen nodded his head and said, “Dragonsand, what do you have to say?”

“Progenitor, there’s nothing to say. As long as they can produce evidence, proving that Blood Dragon Island’s matter was instigated by me behind the scenes, I’ll waste my own cultivation to atone for my crime to Progenitor!”

Dragonsand had a calm look and was not the least bit worried at all.

He controlled Blood Dragon Island’s matter remotely and did not leave behind any evidence.

Now, Dragonwild and Long Qianxiang were both dead. With no witnesses to testify, he was not scared at all.

“Roar!”

Zhao Yue roared angrily again.

The moment Dragonsand opened his mouth, Zhao Yue always could not control himself.

Dragonsand looked at Ye Yuan with a frown and said with a cold snort, “Kid, control this animal well! Otherwise, once this seat is enraged, I’m afraid that I can’t resist slaughtering him! This animal is just a bloodline warrior. He’s not a member of my dragon race! If this seat wants to kill him, nobody will stop me!”

Ye Yuan was not angry either and said with a light smile, “Hegemon Dragonsand, do you have what’s called a guilty conscience?”

Dragonsand could not help laughing and said, “Is an animal without intelligence roaring a few times at this seat considered proof? I think that the people that this brute is roaring at aren’t just this seat alone, right?

“Roar! Roar!”

Zhao Yue reached the brink of rampaging once more.

Dragonsand’s two eyes turned cold, and he said coolly, “Kid, this seat’s dignity isn’t to be provoked by an animal! Give you three breaths of time, if you can’t take out evidence, this seat will slaughter this beast first!”

Hegemon Dragonsand was overbearing to the extreme.

However, the Hegemons did not express any dissatisfaction with his words.

Zhao Yue did not have intelligence at all. Him roaring a few times naturally could not be taken as evidence.

But Hegemon Dragonsand’s prestige was not to be provoked.

One should not look at how Hegemon Dragonsand was very respectful in front of Progenitor Mi Zhen. He was a true-blue supreme powerhouse!

His strength was not at all inferior to the soul race’s Hegemon Imperishable.

How could this kind of powerhouse let an animal provoke in front of him time and again?

Therefore, him wanting to kill Zhao Yue was within reason. Nobody could find any problems!

Hegemon Dragonsand stood with his hands behind his back, looking down from a height.

In his eyes, no matter whether it was Ye Yuan or Zhao Yue, they were both just ants.

But Long Ran’s expression was very ugly. The development of things had somewhat escaped his control.

Proof!

He really did not have this thing!

Blood Dragon Island’s matter was done very cleanly.

He had already searched Blood Dragon Island and did not find any evidence that could directly take Dragonsand down.

Forcibly entering Heavenly Dragon Island, he wanted to let these several thousand people all tell the same story and cast stones at Dragonsand.

But he did not expect that Dragonsand was actually so overbearing, directly wanting to kill Zhao Yue.

Yet, he had no way to reason things out!

“Three!”

“Two!”

Dragonsand’s imposing momentum grew stronger and stronger. The pressure of a Supreme Hegemon crushed East Billow Region’s geniuses until each and every one were about to kneel down.

Clearly, he wanted to take Long Ran down a notch!

As for the rest, he did not place them in his sights at all.

Two breaths, his imposing momentum already rose to the peak.

In the next instant, it was an earth-shattering blow!

Right at this time, Ye Yuan opened his mouth and said coolly, “You want proof, then I’ll let you see it!”

“Humph!”

Dragonsand snorted coldly. Ye Yuan was akin to having suffered a brutal blow, the two eyes going dark, almost fainting, directly spurting out a large mouthful of blood.

His entire person was directly being pressed on the ground with an incredible pressure.

All the bones in his body were directly crushed!

This guy was too strong. Even if it was just a warning, it was also not what Ye Yuan could withstand.

He would not kill Ye Yuan because Ye Yuan was of the dragon race.

But he would not give Ye Yuan the chance to open his mouth!

“Brat, the conversation between Hegemon Realms, it isn’t your turn to come and interject! Whatever you have, let Long Ran say it! You aren’t qualified enough!”

“Roar!”

Seeing Ye Yuan get injured, Zhao Yue completely rampaged!

Dragonsand was overjoyed in his heart. What he wanted was this result!

Zhao Yue was very troublesome!

His enmity toward him was a hidden danger from start to end.

Therefore, resolving it now was the best!

“Zhao Yue! Stop!” At this time, Ye Yuan bellowed.

Zhao Yue shuddered. He felt Ye Yuan’s fury and actually held back the wildness.

Only to see Ye Yuan slowly get up from the blood pool, pointing at Dragonsand as he said coldly, “What are you scared of? Today, unless you kill me in front of Progenitor, I’ll definitely make you pay the price!”