Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4: Questioning

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

The person signaling the attendant was Ye Yuan who was by the side all along.

Noticing Ye Yuan had stopped him, the attendant hesitated because Ye Yuan was the young master of this Fragrant Medicine Pavilion. Coupled with him having a terrible reputation, the attendant naturally did not dare to offend this person.

"Uncle Qian, that medicine isn’t right. It would kill a person," Ye Yuan went there and whispered.

Ye Yuan was no longer the useless moron his predecessor was. Seeing as they were in the same boat, Ye Yuan naturally had to maintain the latter’s reputation. So he only whispered in a very low voice.

This great master was named Qian Miao. Having spent many years in the Ye family as a retainer, he was well-qualified and had a much-respected status. Although his attainments in the Dao of Alchemy cannot be compared to Ye Hang, he was definitely no ordinary man. After listening to a junior’s nonsense, his facial expression changed instantly.

"Little Yuan, what nonsense are you talking about? It’s one thing to run amok every day, but another to wreck the business that your father took great pains to establish. This Old Qian will definitely be the first person to not spare you! You must know that for Fragrant Medicine Pavilion to have its status today was not only because of the family head. We old bones expended a great deal of effort too. Alright, go back. There are still many patients waiting for their treatments."

Qian Miao clearly held Fragrant Medicine Pavilion dearly and did not have much patience to deal with Ye Yuan. A tiger did not father a dog, but this . . . this was clearly a pup. Many times before this did Qian Miao felt sorry for Ye Hang.

Today, this punk actually crawled on top of his head to mess around and even warned him that he was harming someone. How could his expression not change? If he did not take into account this punk was Ye Hang’s son, he would have long sent Ye Yuan flying with a slap.

Ye Yuan already expected Qian Miao’s reaction. After all, his predecessor was indeed a piece of work. Therefore, he did not mind the harsh words.

Were it not for the fact Qian Miao’s diagnosis would affect the Fragrant Medicine Pavilion’s reputation, Ye Yuan would not choose to stand out. He had instead continued to maintain his image as a wastrel.

If Qian Miao continued with this prescription, the brawny man in front of them would not only fail to be saved, it would aggravate the poison even more. This man most likely would not survive the night.

To the Fragrant Medicine Pavilion, as a customer, a demonic beast hunter is a vital source of income. Demonic beast hunters spend each day in danger. There was no need to talk about the bruises and cuts which were daily occurrences. When they entered and exited the Boundless Forest, pills for detoxification and recovery were essential necessities. Therefore these demonic beast hunters were a critical source of revenue for the Ye Family.

If this brawny man died at the Fragrant Medicine Pavilion, it would be a tremendous blow to the prestige of the Ye Family among the demonic beast hunters. Some competitors might even take the opportunity to bring down the Fragrant Medicine Pavilion. The loss would be immeasurable.

After thinking thoroughly, Ye Yuan had no choice but to stand out and rectify Qian Miao’s misdiagnosis.

Ye Yuan had yet to say anything, Lu-er who was by his side already could not endure it. She pouted and said to Qian Miao, "Young Master isn’t saying rubbish. He definitely has a reason for it."

Ye Yuan glanced at Lu-er somewhat surprised, and thought in his heart, this little girl actually trusted him that much?

His predecessor had his fair share of teasing her in the past and yet even with such moral caliber, Lu-er actually believed him?

Trust was trust, but Ye Yuan also knew Lu-er’s words just raised the difficulty of things. An expert such as Qian Miao was not to be offended. Not to mention, these two juniors repeatedly questioned his medical skills.

Indeed, Qian Miao’s expression sunk further. He then said in a low voice, "Little lass who does not know the immensity of heaven and earth, why don’t you try to explain how I’m harming people? For a poison from a Seven Evils Flowing Cloud Python, if Ye Hang were here, this would be how he treats it. Just the two of you juniors still wet behind the ears actually dared to question my prescription? If you don’t explain yourselves today, just wait for a beating!"

Although Qian Miao normally held his nose high up in the air, he actually never used any underhanded means to deal with people. Nobody in the Ye Family dares to offend him either. But today, these two youths caused such a ruckus that he could not take a step back anymore. If he does not demonstrate his prestige and authority, there would be no place left for him in the Ye Family.

The brawny man never expected such a situation to happen either. He stood there stunned, not knowing what to do. Why did they start to fight among themselves?

While Qian Miao’s prestige cannot be compared with Ye Hang, it was still well-established. Even within the entire Fragrant Medicine Pavilion, he can be considered as a master. At one side stood a renowned master, while at the other side was a punk who was still wet behind his ears. Even a fool knew who to trust.

The brawny man initially did not know who this youth was, but after Qian Miao’s fiery remarks, he came to a realization. Was this youth that incompetent son of Master Ye?

As a demonic beast hunter, he naturally would not be ignorant of events happening in the capital. The fame of this young master was likely even greater than Master Qian.

A wastrel like him actually dared to question Master Qian’s diagnosis? Could it be that this punk was bored to death and decided to come and harm my life?

Thinking about this, the brawny man suddenly became furious. He had never messed with anyone and yet was nearly harmed for no reason. This brat had such a wicked heart at a young age!

"This Brother, Master Qian is currently treating me. Please don’t interfere," the brawny man said in a low voice. Although his words were polite, it was clear the intention was to chase them away.

If the Ye Family were not a power he did not dare to offend, his words would definitely not be this courteous.

"Hey, this Warrior, I would have to trouble you to wait a moment. I, Qian Miao, spent my entire life immersed in the Dao of Medicinal Pills. Having treated countless mortals and martial artists, have never been maligned as someone who harms people. Ye Yuan, you have to say today, how am I harming him?!"

Qian Miao’s stubborn temper flared up. He was bent on teaching Ye Yuan a lesson before dismissing the matter.

"This . . . Master Qian, the poison in this one’s body would become dangerous if it’s delayed any longer. Master, please don’t be angry and help me purge the poison first. They are merely two ignorant youths casually rambling." The brawny man did not expect Master Qian to take things seriously, so he could only try to persuade the latter.

However, Qian Miao waved his hands indifferently saying, "Relax, it wouldn’t take much time. This old man has a certain level of confidence in dealing with this poison and wouldn’t let you die. If this matter isn’t clarified today, in the future, how will this old man have the face to sit here and make diagnoses?"

Having said this, he then turned to Ye Yuan and questioned the young master with a black face, "Why don’t you say it?! If you can’t explain yourself, then don’t accuse me of bullying you with my seniority and complain about it to your father."

Ye Yuan stood at the side without a word. Only when Qian Miao started questioning that he opened his mouth and replied, "The poison this warrior was inflicted with did not come from the Seven Evils Flowing Cloud Python."

"Utter nonsense! My two companions lost their lives at its fangs. I myself nearly couldn’t make it back. Don’t tell me I identified it wrongly? Ignorant brat, I have no grudges with you, but why do you want me dead?" the warrior interjected before Ye Yuan could finish speaking.

"Hahaha . . ." Qian Miao laughed so hard until tears nearly fell before saying, "Did you hear that? Completely ignorant! Naive brat, get lost quickly! If you continue to cause trouble, I will call for someone to drive you out!"

Qian Miao was able to identify the poison the warrior was inflicted with at a glance. That by itself was already convincing enough. Furthermore, the warrior escaped from the fangs of the python; how could he have identified the beast wrongly?

Demonic beast hunters dealt with demonic beasts regularly. One could say that apart from own family, they were most familiar with demonic beasts, which further lowered the likelihood of identifying them wrongly.

"Get lost quickly! Don’t delay master Qian from diagnosing us!"

"This mischievous child is actually ruining his father’s business. Truly hopeless!"

"If I actually gave birth to a son like this, I would have long beaten him into a paste with a stick."

At this time, those around watching a good show could not keep quiet any longer. Believing this was a farce orchestrated by Ye Yuan, they started chasing him away with words. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

At that moment, Lu-er no longer had the confidence from before; with a timid expression, she pulled the corner of Ye Yuan’s sleeve. However, she was not retreating. Instead, she took a step forward, standing right in front of Ye Yuan. She was actually afraid these people would become violent and harmed Ye Yuan.

Ye Yuan’s heart was touched, but he shook his head before replying calmly, "What you saw with your own eyes might not be what you thought it was. The poison this warrior’s inflicted with actually was not from a Seven Evils Flowing Cloud Python, but instead, it was a poison from a Seven-Colored Flowing Cloud Python."