Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2999: Are You Very Surprised?

Enshrouding Mist Soul Reading Art was Hegemon Imperishable’s unique secret technique.

Utilizing the Enshrouding Mist Soul Physique to perfectly replicate the information in the soul body.

This move was even more useful than soul search.

Soul search was too violent, it was very easy to lose some important information, but the Enshrouding Mist Soul Physique would not.

Over 100 thousand years, how many memories was that?

But, during these 100 thousand years, Dragonsand rarely appeared in Long Qianxiang’s life.

With soul searching, it basically could not be found.

But the Enshrouding Mist Soul Reading Art could!

Dragonsand was shocked. He completely did not expect that Ye Yuan actually still had this move. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

With this, the evidence was really ironclad.

“Dragonsand, what do you still have to say now!” Long Ran berated angrily.

“You butcher, you’ve simply lost all balance of judgment!”

“Dragonsand, you brute! This seat will fight it out to the bitter end with you today!”

“Progenitor, please seek justice for the wronged souls of those clansmen who died!”

… …

With this, Dragonsand had incurred public wrath.

What he had done could not see the light at all. If it saw the light, he would die.

What he offended was the entire dragon race.

Heavenly Dragon Island’s Hegemon Realm powerhouses more or less had some connections with the East Billow Region.

The holy land did not exist independently.

Heavenly Dragon Island’s existence was supported by the entire East Billow Region.

Dragonsand’s actions had angered everyone!

Above the void, Mi Zhen looked at Dragonsand and slowly opened his mouth and said, “Dragonsand, what do you still have to say?”

Dragonsand’s expression was grim to the extreme. His gaze when looking toward Ye Yuan seethed with killing intent.

He did not place this ant-like little fellow in his eyes at all.

Whether or not you were angry or hateful, what did it have to do with me?

But it was this bug-like existence that exposed all of his unsavory past.

With this, he really could not clear his name even by jumping into the Yellow River.

“Hahaha?…”

Suddenly, Dragonsand let out a wild laugh and pointed at Mi Zhen as he denounced indignantly, “Mi Zhen, you’ve disappointed me too much!”

All the Hegemons shut up. Dragonsand went crazy, to actually even dare to scold Progenitor Mi Zhen.

“Our dragon race is born from chaos and is the strongest in all the worlds. Why do we have to be content to exercise sovereignty over a part of the region? We stand proudly at the summit of all the heavens and should unify the 33 Heavens to begin with, becoming the overlord of all races! But you only know to eke out a miserable existence on this Heavenly Dragon Island!”

“If you’re not doing it, then I’ll do it! What’s wrong with cooperating with the blood race and studying bloodlines? Those who accomplish great things don’t pay attention to trifles! What do a few clansmen dying count for? If it can let everyone become Hegemons, our dragon race will be able to dominate the heavens immediately! At that time, you all will have to thank me, Dragonsand! What wrong have I committed?!”

The current Dragonsand was unrestrained to the extreme and did not even place Mi Zhen in his sights.

In fact, some dragon clans’ warring factions were stirred up by him until they were itching for action.

Unifying the heavens, becoming the overlord of all worlds, this was really a huge temptation.

“Dragonsand! You’re really crazy! Have you forgotten about the Labyrinth Divine Palace back then? Unifying the 33 Heavens? You’re pushing the entire divine race towards the abyss!” Long Jian rebuked angrily.

Dragonsand smiled coldly and said, “What the hell does the Labyrinth Divine Palace count as? As long as our bloodline can break through the shackles and have a few more Great Beyond Realm powerhouses appear, why worry that it can’t succeed? Long Jian, you’re a coward!”

“Enough!”

Suddenly, Mi Zhen shouted coldly and said, “Dragonsand, you disappoint this progenitor too much! This progenitor is born from chaos and has experienced countless years. I haven’t met anyone who could unify the 33 Heavens yet! Furthermore, aren’t you clear what the blood race is like? Asking a tiger for its skin, who gave you the courage?”

Dragonsand had long already fallen completely into madness and said with a wild laugh, “Mi Zhen, you’re the same as Mi Tian that old fellow, both gutless fellows! I think that you guys must have reincarnated wrongly. You should have gone to the south to be brothers with that old tortoise to begin with!”

Mi Zhen’s eyes turned cold, and the aura of Great Dao instantly covered the entire Heavenly Dragon Island.

It was only to see him raise his dragon claw and directly press down.

Dragonsand was not willing to show weakness, his aura suddenly skyrocketing.

Everyone’s expression changed wildly. It was because his aura actually approached that of Mi Zhen’s!

“This guy is … actually powerful to such an extent already!” Long Jian said in shock.

Boom!

With one exchange, the entire Heavenly Dragon Island started to shake.

Dragonsand was directly smacked flying out.

It was not that Dragonsand was weak, but that Mi Zhen was really too strong.

Ye Yuan’s heart stirred slightly. It was his first time witnessing the might of a Great Beyond Realm!

This kind of power really made people despair!

Supreme Hegemons completely could not withstand a single blow in front of a Great Beyond powerhouse.

Dragonsand was very strong, virtually reaching the Great Beyond Realm.

But it was that tiny bit off in the end.

Dragonsand was bloodied all over, but he still let out a loud laughter and said, “Saw that, Mi Zhen? Great Beyond Realm isn’t lofty and out of reach too! I can do it as well!”

Mi Zhen snorted coldly and said, “You’re still lacking some level of attainment in the end!”

Finished saying, Mi Zhen smacked another dragon claw down.

One claw, heaven and earth changed colors, and the winds and clouds surged!

Ye Yuan felt the aura of the Door of Eternal Life from this claw!

So strong!

This level of existence, every action and movement secretly contained Heavenly Dao, as if Heavenly Dao itself had descended!

Especially that they could actually muster the power of the Door of Eternal Life!

Bang!

Dragonsand was virtually scattered until this claw.

Seeing this scene, Long Ran could not help doubting too.

Could it be that he guessed wrongly?

There was no problem with Progenitor Mi Zhen at all?

Otherwise, how could he use such drastic measures, directly killing a great general under his command?

Bang!

It was another claw. Dragonsand’s physical body was virtually smacked into a pile of slush.

Mi Zhen said coolly, “Dragonsand, it ends here!”

Dragonsand did not care about Mi Zhen, but he looked toward Ye Yuan instead and said fiercely, “Brat, it’s all you! If not for you, this seat’s grand plan would definitely have been able to succeed! Even if I die today, this seat will make you accompany me in death too!”

Swoosh!

A terrifying aura instantly engulfed everything and swept over.

Zhao Yue protected Ye Yuan, a hint of solemnness showing on his savage face.

He felt Dragonsand’s might!

Ye Yuan said coolly, “It’s fine. With Progenitor around, he can’t jump around.”

Mi Zhen gave Ye Yuan a glance and smacked a claw down once more.

Boom!

Dragonsand’s physical body immediately exploded to shreds.

His dragon soul was also directly scattered.

Everyone let out a long sigh in relief.

“I didn’t expect it. Such a terrifying guy was actually hiding among us!”

“Fortunately, he was discovered early. Otherwise, given time, Progenitor Mi Zhen probably couldn’t have done anything to him either.”

“It’s all thanks to Ye Yuan this kid. Otherwise, the consequences would have been too ghastly to contemplate.”

… …

At this time, some people could not help thanking Ye Yuan.

With an ambitious schemer like Dragonsand around them, it was really too scary.

Long Ran let out a long sigh in relief and was extremely remorseful in his heart.

He felt that he should not have doubted Progenitor Mi Zhen.

“Ye Yuan, it’s all thanks to you this time!?Mn??Where is he?”

Long Ran was just about to thank Ye Yuan, but then he discovered that Ye Yuan was long gone already.

Ten miles away, a figure flashed, imprisoning a drop of fresh blood in his hand.

Above the void, Mi Zhen’s pupils constricted, looking at Ye Yuan in astonishment.

While Ye Yuan grinned and looked at that drop of fresh blood in his hand as he said, “How is it? Are you very surprised? I said that I’d make you pay the price. I wasn’t joking with you.”