Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3036: Thousand Souls Hall!

Rumble?…

In all the heavens, the Vertical Heaven Stairs passageways were closed!

After a year, the Vertical Heaven Stairs round was finally completely cleared.

A distinction was also finally made among the geniuses from all heavens.

The first place was shockingly Yang Qing.

It was just that the current Yang Qing did not have any joyousness at all, looking at Ye Yuan somewhat resentfully.

He had a feeling that if Ye Yuan cleared the stage properly, this first place would have nothing to do with him at all.

In reality, Yang Qing understood that although he was in the first place, compared to the geniuses of other heavens, they were not much worse.

The gaps between the top 30 could virtually be ignored!

But once Ye Yuan challenged the round, he would have definitely shaken everyone off by a large margin.

In Voidshrine Illuminating Heaven, Feng Qingxuan’s brows furrowed slightly, and she said, “Ye Yuan this guy actually didn’t even get on the list? This is impossible, right?”

Long He said, “This is illogical! No matter how weak he is, he wouldn’t fail to even get into the top 1000, right?”

Feng Qingxuan said angrily, “This boy really makes people worry!”

Right then, Heavenless’ figure condensed and formed on the platform.

“The Vertical Heaven Stairs round has already ended! It’s just that the final result makes this ancestor a little disappointed! The number that passed this round is much fewer than this ancestor imagined! The results of you all passing the Vertical Heaven Stairs is also much worse compared to the Labyrinth Divine Palace back then! Looks like each generation is really worse than the previous one!” Heavenless said with vicissitudes of emotion.

The moment these words came out, the geniuses from all heavens were immediately unwilling to concede.

Being looked down upon!

“Hur hur,?how strong are your Labyrinth Divine Palace’s geniuses? Isn’t that based on your own words?”

“Ancestor Heavenless, we admit that you’re a peerless genius. But I, Kong Tan, absolutely won’t be worse than your Labyrinth Divine Palace’s geniuses!”

“If your Labyrinth Divine Palace’s geniuses were so strong, why did they get exterminated too? You’ve said it all!”

… …

How proud were the geniuses of the heavens?

Even if they were being despised by the number one genius since time immemorial, that would not do either!

How do you know that I can’t reach your height in the future?

Before reaching the last step, these geniuses absolutely would not admit being worse than others.

Heavenless was not angry either and said with a faint smile, “Back then, when my Labyrinth Divine Palace opened up the Vertical Heaven Stairs, I only took in humans. In one world, there were 200 thousand people that could pass through. But now, there’s only at most 100 thousand people from a single world! Doesn’t this illustrate the problem? But, among you all, there are those who surprised this ancestor too. Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven actually had 1.2 million people pass through the Vertical Heaven Stairs! This ancestor is somewhat looking forward to it!”

The moment these words came out, the geniuses of all heavens exploded!

Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven!

Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven again!

“What?! Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven actually had 1.2 million people pass through the Vertical Heaven Stairs?”

“How is this possible? Our Abyss Pass Origin Grotto Heaven only had 90 thousand people pass!” Wang Ningyang said in disbelief.

“Could it be that Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven actually rose up in these few years? Not only that Yang Qing appear, but the number of their geniuses is also actually more than ten times than ours!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

… …

All the heavens were shocked!

This number was seriously too frightening!

A low-level plane, the number that passed the Vertical Heaven Stairs was actually more than ten times than theirs!

If it were just numbers, they would not be so shocked either.

After all, no matter how many they were, it did not mean anything either.

Quality was the king’s way!

Yet, a Yang Qing appeared!

Now, regardless of whether in terms of quantity or quality, the geniuses of all heavens were being suppressed mercilessly.

This was a little demoralizing.

“You all don’t need to be anxious. You guys will be able to witness my Labyrinth Divine Palace’s strength right away! The next round, Thousand Souls Hall! Inside it is the strongest 1000 people in my Labyrinth Divine Palace’s history! As long as you defeat ten of them, you’ll have the qualifications to enter the true Labyrinth Divine Palace!”

Finished saying, Heavenless waved his sleeves. A stone bridge appeared on the platform.

The stone bridge led to that illusory palace.

But when Ye Yuan listened up to here, his heart stirred.

This Thousand Souls Hall seemed to be somewhat similar to the training ground in the small Labyrinth Divine Palace that he experienced in the past.

Except, he did not know if the powerhouses in this Thousand Souls Hall were the same as back then.

Rather, when many people heard that they only needed to win ten people to enter the Labyrinth Divine Palace, they all revealed disdainful expressions.

“Hur hur,?strongest thousand people in history? Really scares people to death!”

“Just ten people; if I can’t even defeat them, what the hell am I going to the Labyrinth Divine Palace for?”

“This Ancestor Heavenless is also looking down on us too much!”

… …

Many people who were confident in their strength had already stepped onto the stone bridge and entered the Thousand Souls Hall.

Heavenless smiled and did not speak, his figure swaying, disappearing.

When everyone arrived in the Thousand Souls Hall, there was a stone monument displayed in the great hall too.

A thousand names were engraved on the stone monument.

Ye Yuan swept a glance over and discovered that the names on this stone monument were already very different from what he saw in the small Labyrinth Divine Palace!

There were still some familiar names on it, but the majority were already unfamiliar names.

“Looks like the competition in the Labyrinth Divine Palace is really fierce! It’s just that I don’t know how strong these people are!” Ye Yuan became curious.

He knew that after reaching Emperor Realm, it was totally different from Jade Sovereign Heaven.

These Emperor Realm powerhouses were all Hegemon Realm reserves!

Furthermore, those 1000 people in this Thousand Souls Hall were powerhouses that the Labyrinth Divine Palace had accumulated over many years.

It was very likely that these thousand people were all Hegemon Realm powerhouses!

Many people looked down on this round greatly.

But he knew that this round was absolutely hell difficulty!

“Tch,?Thousand Souls Hall, really scaring people to death! This emperor wants to see how strong these people are!” Yang Qing had a disdainful look, directly picking the last name, and jumped into the battle formation.

This battle formation clearly used a spatial divine ability.

Yang Qing could have the movements of his hands and feet unfettered inside the battle formation, but he only occupied a small corner in the entire Thousand Souls Hall.

Everyone could see the situation in the battle formation clearly.

Many people were waiting to see it.

1000th place, Ouyang Fangde!

When Ouyang Fangde saw Yang Qing, his eyes could not help shrinking as he said, “You’re very strong!”

Yang Qing grinned and said, “Doesn’t that go without saying? This emperor is the number one genius in the 33 Heavens! Even Ye Yuan that grandson is my vanquished foe!”

Ouyang Fangde was taken aback. Who was Ye Yuan?

However, he could feel Yang Qing’s strength and was waiting in full battle array too.

The great battle was at an explosive point.

The moment they exchanged blows, Yang Qing’s expression changed.

He thought that dealing with the 1000th place, he could absolutely instantly kill his opponent with one move!

But he clearly thought wrongly!

The two people fell into a fierce battle very quickly!

“So strong! This guy is just 1000th place. He actually has such formidable strength? Furthermore, his cultivation realm is suppressed to the same as mine! This emperor has always jumped realms to battle!”

Yang Qing was going crazy!

Even the 1000th place was so strong, then what kind of terrifying existence was the first place?

Inside the Thousand Souls Hall, Ye Yuan was shocked too!

The strength of the 1000th place had greatly exceeded his imagination!

Compared to this Thousand Souls Hall, that training ground was simply like child’s play!

Boom!

A hundred moves later, Yang Qing’s spear shot out and pierced through Ouyang Fangde’s chest.

Yang Qing was victorious!