Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3044: Grand Display of Skill!

How aggravating!

This was like, I have good stuff to eat, but if I can’t finish eating, I rather throw it away than let you eat.

The three geniuses were furious.

Zhou Xianchen’s face fell, but he turned to Yang Qing and said, “Yang Qing, you have to know, if the quality of the heavenly pill is a fraction better, your hope of breaking through to Emperor Sakra Heaven will be a fraction higher! Are you sure that you want this guy to refine pills for you”

Right now, they had basically already confirmed that Ye Yuan’s identity was a heavenly alchemist!

Only like this could he have such great rallying power.

Except, what did heavenly alchemists count for in front of them?

Zhou Xianchen thought that Yang Qing knew how serious this was.

Their three great factions represented the pinnacle of the 33 Heavens’ Alchemy Dao!

Who would have thought that Yang Qing said without even thinking, “Yeah, of course I want Ye Yuan to help me refine pills. What kind of good heavenly pills can trash like you guys refine?”

“Puchi!”

The moment these words came out, it immediately caused loud laughter.

“Zhoutian Emperor Palace, Emperor One Sect, Lin Yuan Pavilion, these three great forces are called trash! This really broadened my knowledge.”

“This Yang Qing is probably out of his mind too, right? Refining pills, who can compare to them?”

“I know Hegemon Cloudmount. Even if he comes, he also won’t dare to posture in front of these three major forces, right?”

… …

With regards to Yang Qing’s choice, everyone turned their noses up in disdain.

Especially the human race, these three great forces were paramount existences in their hearts.

Many forces, including factions like the Purple Extreme Heaven Pavilion and Zuo Family, all did not dare to offend them too much.

Yet, Yang Qing did not take them seriously and would rather believe in an Emperor Vast Heaven than trust Zhou Xianchen they all.

Zhou Xianchen was angered until his face turned green. He originally wanted to use heavenly pills to sow discord between the two. He did not expect that he would get slapped in the face in a blink of an eye.

“Hur hur,?very good! In the 33 Heavens, no one has dared to speak to my Zhoutian Emperor Palace like this yet! Yang Qing, you chose the path yourself. When the time comes, don’t regret it!” Zhou Xianchen said with a sneer.

Yang Qing snickered and said, “Regret? You conceited morons better don’t regret it when the time comes!”

Finished speaking, he thickened his skin and said to Ye Yuan, “How is it? Start refining pills now? I already can’t wait and want to see the expressions of these idiots eating shit!”

But Ye Yuan shook his head and said, “No rush, let me think about it again.”

Ye Yuan had refined grade eight heavenly pills before, but it was very few.

Grade eight heavenly pills, each kind was incomparably precious.

Even if it was the dragon race, they did not have such a well-stocked reserve of heavenly medicines too.

Furthermore, ever since Ye Yuan comprehended chaos divine essence, he had a new understanding of Alchemy Dao again.

He still needed to work out how to piece these things perfectly together.

Yang Qing said excitedly, “Okay!”

He knew that since Ye Yuan was so solemn, then it must be something extraordinary.

If it could be casually refined, he would not behave like this.

But this scene was different when it landed in the eyes of Zhou Xianchen and the others.

“Tch,?putting on an appearance, pretending to be profound! Just watch, you guys will regret it!” Zhou Xianchen said with a cold smile.

After a bout of fierce dispute, each side divided up the remaining half of the natural treasures.

The human forces had the most numbers. When they joined hands, they obtained the largest share.

Apart from this, the fiend race, the feather race, as well as the true spirit race, these powerful races also obtained a considerable share.

Those that remained could only drink soup.

After dividing the loot, what remained was naturally pill refinement.

Swallowing natural treasures whole could naturally increase one’s strength too. But the effect of heavenly pills could undoubtedly maximize the medicinal effect.

Therefore, Zhoutian Emperor Palace, Emperor One Sect, and Lin Yuan Pavilion, three great forces, immediately became hot pastries.

The various factions went to find them one after another.

One had to know that those who came this time were all the elite disciples of these three great forces.

There were even origin realm powerhouses among them.

Some had even already reached the origin grade realm!

Above profound grade was origin grade!

Origin grade was a vague realm.

Stepping into origin grade was equivalent to comprehending the source of Alchemy Dao!

Apart from chaos heavenly pills, there was nothing that they could not refine.

This way, they naturally became hot commodities.

Such an opportunity was truly hard to come across.

It would not be easy to run into so many heavenly medicines again after going out of the Labyrinth Divine Palace.

“Young Master Zhou, I’m willing to offer three grade nine heavenly medicines to request your Zhoutian Emperor Palace to take action and help me refine a Heaven Illustrious Pill!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Emperor Jinnan, I’m willing to give you guys all of the other heavenly medicines. I only seek a grade eight heavenly pill, Chaos Heaven Edict True Pill!”

“Young Master Chu …”

… …

Zhou Xianchen and the rest were immediately surrounded until not even water could seep through.

Everyone was fighting for them to refine heavenly pills.

Even the likes of Wang Ningyan and Qin Baichuan were no exception too.

In the Thousand Souls Hall, their comprehensions were tremendous. Now, they just so happened to need some heavenly pills to unleash the comprehensions.

At this time, the three great factions naturally became hot commodities.

Yang Qing’s posturing would not change other people’s inherent ideas.

These three great forces represented the pinnacle of Alchemy Dao!

Not looking for them, but looking for an unknown brat?

You have got be kidding!

Only two sides were unmoving like a mountain.

Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven and the true spirit race!

Ye Yuan found a secluded place and closed his eyes to contemplate, carefully understanding the medicinal properties of these heavenly pills.

And he deduced how to refine these heavenly pills using chaos divine essence.

While on the other side, the pill refinement had already begun.

Cries of wonder rose and ebbed!

As the current era’s number one person, Zhou Xianchen’s alchemy path strength was unfathomable.

He, this grade nine heavenly alchemist, was extremely popular.

“Impressive! Truly impressive! Although Young Master Zhou’s martial strength isn’t the strongest, his alchemy technique really leaves everyone behind until they can only see the dust ahead!”

“That’s right! Ancestor Endless is called Alchemy Dao’s number one person! He’s the only person who entered Great Beyond with Alchemy Dao. The successor that he groomed is indeed extraordinary!”

“Emperor Jinnan and Young Master Chu can’t be underestimated either! Their strength is also not at all inferior to Young Master Zhou!”

“Heh heh,?we’re blessed this time! As long as we get the heavenly pill, our strength will surely improve further!”

… …

Ancestor Endless was the one and only powerhouse in the 33 Heavens who stepped into Great Beyond Realm with Alchemy Dao.

His existence represented the apex of Alchemy Dao.

Zhou Xianchen was clearly a distinguished talent in Zhoutian Emperor Palace too.

Although he had not reached origin realm yet, his alchemy path strength had already stepped into origin grade.

Comprehending origin was also just within reach.

When had the various forces seen before such breathtaking pill refinement?

Each and every one of them felt like their horizons were broadened. The heavenly medicines taken out were also flowing continuously.

As for Ye Yuan, he had long already been forgotten by them.

Over here, the pill refinement was being carried out like a raging fire. But over at Ye Yuan’s side, there was not the slightest activity.

In a blink of an eye, three months passed.

The efficiencies of Zhou Xianchen and the others were still extremely high. All of the heavenly pills had already been finished refining.

Their three forces also reaped huge harvests because of the pill refinement this time.

Although it could not compare to Ye Yuan, it was also considered a huge profit.

And over at Ye Yuan there, there was nothing happening.

Ye Yuan was still in a closed-seclusion.

Zhou Xianchen said mockingly, “Master Ye, why haven’t you refined pills? Could it be that you want to pocket all those heavenly medicines?”