Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3050: Opening the Door to a New World!

Everyone clearly felt the difference in the refinement this time.

Although they could not see all the different changes in the nirvanic rebirth fire, the origin aura emanating from Ye Yuan’s body was still Great Dao pressure. They could all feel it distinctly.

Most importantly, Ye Yuan really felt strained this time!

This was Ye Yuan’s pinnacle refinement!

Regarding the Hundred Fate Heavenly Aperture Pill, it was pretty much the ceiling of grade eight heavenly pills already.

Wanting to refine it was not that easy.

Refining 300 Hundred Fate Heavenly Aperture Pills at the same time, it was basically Ye Yuan’s limit too.

This difficulty was unimaginably great!

Especially Zhou Xianchen, Jinnan, Chu Fang, and the rest, they knew even better how horrifying the refinement this time was.

“If he really succeeds, it will probably be an insurmountable peak in the history of Alchemy Dao!” Chu Fang said with vicissitudes of emotion.

“This kind of refinement can only be described with reaching the acme of perfection! Once refined, that will really be an accomplishment that surpasses ancient and modern times!” Jinnan similarly said with vicissitudes of emotion.

Ye Yuan’s strength was already beyond question.

Logically speaking, they should be mocking Ye Yuan at this time.

But, for some reason, they actually faintly started looking forward to it.

Zhou Xianchen was not their goal.

Or one could say, although Zhou Xianchen was strong, he was not insurmountable.

But Ye Yuan was creating a peak!

Once completed, that would be their lifelong goal!

Zhou Xianchen sneered and said, “Are the two of you crazy? What kind of heavenly pill the Hundred Fate Heavenly Aperture Pill is, don’t you guys have a clue in your hearts? 300 Hundred Fate Heavenly Aperture Pills, there’s absolutely no one in this world who can refine it!”

Jinnan nodded and said, “Of course I know how hard it is! But it’s precisely because of this that it’s worthy of anticipation! As the alchemy path’s number one person, don’t you look forward to this kind of peak? Or is it that with your current height, you can really catch up to Ancestor Endless and achieve Great Beyond?”

Chu Fang followed up, saying,” Your father, Hegemon Sunshock, wasn’t inferior to you at all when he was young. But to this day, he’s unable to push open the Door of Eternal Life! Then, do you feel that you’re stronger than your father? Heavenly alchemists of our generation, isn’t reaching Great Beyond what we pursue? If Ye Yuan succeeds, it will similarly hold extraordinary significance to us!”

Zhou Xianchen’s entire body trembled fiercely! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He suddenly discovered that he had already fallen into some kind of confusion.

Yes, he became confused about his Dao!

Just as Chu Fang said, his own father, the disciple that Ancestor Endless was most proud of, was unable to push open the Door of Eternal Life by relying on Alchemy Dao and step into Great Beyond to this day.

Then he naturally could not as well!

This was because he was unable to surpass his father.

Since this path was unable to reach the Great Beyond, then what meaning was there?

Hence, he was actually confused for so many years.

But these were all bewitched by the countless worshiping voices.

And Ye Yuan’s appearance was seemingly like a clap of thunder that shocked the world; enlightening the benighted!

Jinnan and Chu Fang had woken up, but he was still lost in his achievements.

He was unable to accept the reality of Ye Yuan surpassing him and still looked forward to Ye Yuan losing.

He never thought before that once Ye Yuan succeeded in refining, how great a significance that would be!

Hence, Zhou Xianchen woke up.

He stepped forward and walked toward the nirvanic rebirth fire.

There was also Jinnan and Chu Fang who stepped forward together.

Yang Qing’s pupils constricted, and he stopped the three people, saying in a cold voice, “Stop! What do you all want to do?”

Zhou Xianchen gave a bow respectfully and said, “Brother Yang, I hope that you can be magnanimous enough to forgive my previous offense!”

Yang Qing was taken aback.?Why did this guy change his character? There must be a conspiracy!

“If you’re apologizing, just apologize. What are you rushing over for? Keep moving forward and this emperor will take care of you guys!” Yang Qing said with heightened vigilance.

Zhou Xianchen had a look of sincerity and said, “Brother Yang is mistaken. This Zhou has already completely lost this wager, and I no longer have thoughts of trying to win! Master Ye’s refinement is the unreachable summit of Alchemy Dao. It’s too important to the three of us! We want to view it! Rest assured, the three of us will only probe into the nirvanic rebirth fire with divine sense and absolutely won’t disturb Master Ye’s pill refinement!”

Yang Qing’s face revealed a strange look. He was already prepared to posture. In the end, these three people were subjugated by Ye Yuan?

Wrong, there was still a conspiracy!

This kind of top sects’ successors, they were all second and third generation, being insufferably arrogant. They were often the best targets for face-slapping. How could they possibly be subjugated?

These three guys were definitely thinking of ruining Ye Yuan’s pill refinement.

“No way, you all can’t go over!” Yang Qing was unrelenting.

“Let them come over.” Ye Yuan’s voice came over.

The three people exchanged a glance, full of shock.

They thought that Ye Yuan was already tensed to the extreme.

They did not expect that he actually still had the strength to spare!

If he was really tensed to the extreme, it would be impossible to have the energy to pay attention to other matters.

Being able to open his mouth showed that he still had leftover strength!

What a terrifying guy!

Yang Qing also knew that Ye Yuan could not get too distracted.

Although he felt that it was not appropriate, he still let them through.

The three people arrived not far from the nirvanic rebirth fire. Giving a bow toward Ye Yuan, they said, “Many thanks, Master Ye!”

When calling ‘Master Ye’ previously, the three of them were full of mockery.

But now, it was wholeheartedly convinced.

Ye Yuan did not reply. The three people each sent out a wisp of divine sense and carefully entered the nirvanic rebirth fire.

Then, the situation inside the nirvanic rebirth fire instantly leaped into their eyes.

Virtually at the same time, the three people shuddered all over.

They saw a scene that they would never forget for life.

Ye Yuan opened the door to a new world for them!

In the nirvanic rebirth fire, 300 illusory nebulae were arranged organically.

One fine thread after another connected these 300 nebulae together.

The end of the threads was in Ye Yuan’s hand.

These 300 nebulae were magnificently beautiful, akin to the starry sea.

Ye Yuan seemed to be creating 300 worlds.

Reaching their realm, they naturally understood the logic of one pill, one world.

But the world that Ye Yuan created was too perfect!

They even felt that these heavenly pills achieved the same wondrous effect as the Eternal River through different means!

What did this show?

It showed that Ye Yuan’s comprehension of Dao had already reached an extremely high realm.

At this moment, they finally understood why Ye Yuan could refine 2000 identical Eight Universe Seal Breaking Pills.

Marvelous work of art!

Taking breaths away in astonishment!

Prostrating on all fours!

But they did not dare to make the slightest irregular movement.

At this very moment, they could not bear to break such a wonderful realm too.

To a heavenly alchemist, such a scene was their lifelong pursuit.

While in the outside world, it had long already burst into an uproar.

“Too impressive! Master Ye actually subdued Zhou Xianchen three people!”

“You look at their expressions. They clearly saw something inconceivable! There are profound secrets inside the nirvanic rebirth fire!”

“Is Master Ye really formidable to such a degree? Doesn’t that mean that he’s very likely to become another Great Beyond powerhouse after Ancestor Endless?”

… …

How proud were Zhou Xianchen three people?

At this time, they were actually so humble in front of Ye Yuan.

Furthermore, a scene that could make them so shocked must be impressive to the extreme.

With this, it garnered everyone’s curiosity.

Time slowly trickled by. The expressions on Zhou Xianchen three people’s faces became more and more fascinating.