Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3097: The Last Time Fighting Side by Side!

"This is impossible! Three days aren't up yet. Furthermore, how can he possibly break through the Bloodcloud Grand Array?"

Yi Xue looked at Ye Yuan who rose to the sky, staring dumbfoundedly.

No one was clearer than him how strong the Bloodcloud Grand Array was.

Even if a Supreme Hegemon was trapped, they absolutely could not come out in three days' time too!

But now, Ye Yuan came out!

He prepared a certain-kill scenario. The most important thing was eliminating Ye Yuan, this future trouble.

In the end, it actually failed!

It was not just him. The blood race powerhouses were all dumbfounded with shock.

An Emperor Sakra Heaven actually broke through the Bloodcloud Grand Array!

Furthermore, he merely only used three days!

"Just what kind of freak is this guy? Even the Bloodcloud Grand Array actually can't trap him too!"

"No, wait! Lord Yi Xue sent Chi Shang the three of them to go and kill Ye Yuan. Now that Ye Yuan came out, doesn't that mean that …"

"Emperor Sakra Heaven killing Hegemon? This … This …"

… . .

Ye Yuan's appearance immediately triggered a chain reaction.

Many people immediately realized that Chi Shang the three of them were probably fraught with grim possibilities.

But it was precisely this guess that made all the bloodkins extremely shocked.

An Emperor Sakra Heaven killing three great Hegemons?

What else was more ridiculous than this?

But Mi Tian's face revealed an expression akin to being relieved of a heavy burden.

Three days had passed. The Bloodcloud Grand Array did not have any activities. Actually, he no longer harbored hope.

Facing three great Hegemons, Ye Yuan did not have the possibility of surviving at all.

But Ye Yuan gave him a pleasant surprise!

This guy really killed his way out!

"Heh, this boy made this old man worry in vain!" Cloudmount's face also revealed a hint of a smile.

With this battle being fought until now, everyone's mood was heavy.

Powerhouses fell one by one. Their strength was being devoured bit by bit.

Now, even Feng Xiaotian died in battle too!

What awaited them was only despair.

But Ye Yuan killing his way out of the Bloodcloud Grand Array gave them hope!

However, Ye Yuan had just flown out; his entire body trembled!

He saw Feng Xiaotian, who had fighting spirit billowing to the sky, was no longer breathing!

Ye Yuan's two eyes instantly turned blood-red!

The scenes from long ago replayed in his mind like a motion picture.

At South Qi Giant City, that big and tall figure blocked the blood race army's countless attacks.

He was South Qi Giant City's god!

God of war!

Back then, when Ye Yuan returned, he held off several of the blood race's Hegemons with his power alone.

That resoluteness, that willpower, it was admirable.

But now, he was not around anymore!

The time that Ye Yuan became friends with Feng Xiaotian was not considered long, but Feng Xiaotian was one of the few people that he held in great esteem!

Now, he was no longer around!

Seeing that fighting spirit that rose to the sky, and a body that was teetering on the verge of collapse, Ye Yuan instantly understood something.

Even death could not stop his will to protect Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven too!

He was not around, but his spirit was still here!

Ye Yuan's throat already choked up.

At this time, two figures scurried out of the Bloodcloud Grand Array. It was precisely Chi Shang and You Lei.

Chi Shang suffered a great loss of vitality. His foundation was clearly injured.

You Lei's aura was somewhat unstable. Clearly, he had expended a great deal of energy.

When Yi Xue saw their miserable state, his brows could not help furrowing.

Where was Meng Jin?

A bad feeling welled up in his heart.

When Chi Shang saw Yi Xue, it was like he saw his savior.

>"Lord Yi Xue, Ye Yuan he gained enlightenment inside the Bloodcloud Grand Array and k-killed Meng Jin!" Chi Shang said.

"Idiot!" Yi Xue said with a livid expression.

No need to ask and he knew that these morons must have underestimated the enemy. That was how Ye Yuan turned the tables.

Although he knew that if it was him, it would probably be the same too.

Who could have thought that a mere Emperor Sakra Heaven could actually really kill a Hegemon Realm powerhouse?

The moment these words came out, everyone's heart shook!

Guessing it was one thing, but it coming out of Chi Shang's mouth was another thing altogether.

Ye Yuan really killed a Hegemon!

Furthermore, Chi Shang and You Lei were so miserable, but Ye Yuan was like the noonday sun. This made people very curious about just what happened inside the Bloodcloud Grand Array?

Why was it totally different from the situation they imagined?

However, right when everyone was shocked, Ye Yuan suddenly moved!

Everyone only felt a blur before their eyes. Chi Shang and You Lei's necks were directly clutched by Ye Yuan, holding up in the air.

The powerful Chi Shang and You Lei were like little chicks in Ye Yuan's hands at this time; without the slightest strength to resist.

Pffft!

Ye Yuan exerted force. Chi Shang and You Lei were directly wiped out!

Everyone was dumbfounded with shock!

"This … This is also too strong, right? Is … Is he really still Emperor Sakra Heaven?"

"Although Chi Shang they all are greatly weakened, they are still Hegemon Realm after all! In his hands, they actually couldn't even resist?"

"If he were to break through to Hegemon Realm, what would he be able to do?"

… . .

Each and every one of the blood race powerhouses felt a chill in their hearts.

Ye Yuan's monstrousness already exceeded their imagination.

Just at the Emperor Sakra Heaven Realm and he could kill Hegemon bare-handedly.

They were unable to imagine what kind of terrifying degree the Hegemon Realm Ye Yuan would reach.

Maybe he could confront Progenitor Bloodstone head-on?

Many people trembled all over, being frightened by this thought.

After killing two great Hegemons, Ye Yuan walked toward Feng Xiaotian slowly.

There were many blood race powerhouses around him, but they did not dare to step forward at all.

That display just now already intimidated everyone.

Ye Yuan was seemingly slow, but in reality, he was fast, walking right past Bloodpromise.

This place was the encirclement of the Hegemons!

There were still more than 50 blood race Hegemons surrounding here!

There were even five Peak Hegemons among them!

Bloodpromise did not stop him, but he let out a cold laugh.

This kid was courting death!

"Heh, are you going to learn from Feng Xiaotian? To accompany him on his way? Kid, this seat will grant your wish!" Bloodpromise said with a light smile.

Without Mi Tian's cooperation, Ye Yuan had no way of executing the Realm Crossing Greater Teleportation at all.

Even if his spatial rule was formidable, it was impossible to escape from under the eyelids of 50 Hegemon Realms too!

Ye Yuan was walking right into a trap!

"It looks like this kid has quite the relationship with Feng Xiaotian. Feng Xiaotian died. He's going to accompany him too."

"So what even if he killed his way out of the Bloodcloud Grand Array? Could it be that he can still deal with so many of us Hegemons by himself?"

"I think that he sees nothing much can be done about it now, and he's prepared to be like Feng Xiaotian; just a mantis blocking the chariot!"

… . .

The blood race Hegemons surrounding Feng Xiaotian all let out gloating mockery.

They naturally knew that Ye Yuan was angry. However, if being angry had a use, then what was cultivation for? Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

In the end, strength still reigned supreme in this world!

Without strength, there was only being slaughtered!

Regarding their mocking, Ye Yuan turned a deaf ear to it, and he slowly arrived in front of F

eng Xiaotian.

It was only to see Feng Xiaotian having a look of unswerving determination, glaring ahead.

If not for that there were no longer any signs of life in his body, Ye Yuan would even think that he was still fighting.

Ye Yuan's heart ached, and he opened his mouth and said, "Brother Feng, back then in South Qi Giant City, we joined hands and crushed the blood race! Today, us brothers will fight side by side one last time. We'll let these blood dogs know what's called pain together!"

Finished saying, Ye Yuan slowly turned around and carried Feng Xiaotian.

Fighting spirit rose to the sky!