Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3115: Lightning Ball!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!

… . .

Muffled loud bangs sounded out very rhythmically.

!!

The tempo was not fast, but each hit seemed to strike people on the chest, smashing them until they could not catch their breath.

More than a month had passed. This was already the ninth wave of apocalyptic tribulation!

“Ye Yuan this guy is really strong! Although he’s our blood race’s adversary, this guy is worthy of respect!”

“Being the number one divergent cultivator through the ages, this title really wasn’t a boast! This ninth wave of apocalyptic tribulation, just looking at it, I feel goosebumps! He actually forcibly withstood it!”

“Only now do I know how impressive it was for that Mo Fan to be able to last until the seventh wave of apocalyptic tribulation!”

… . .

Without the slightest surprise, Ye Yuan broke the seventh wave record that Mo Fan made.

But at this time, no one dared to look down on the apocalyptic tribulation anymore!

This name was really not called in vain.

This Dao tribulation really had the power to destroy the world!

The important thing was that this was just the ninth wave, and the power was already unbelievably strong.

Then what about the 20th wave?

The 30th wave?

Unimaginable!

Ye Yuan lasted until the fifth wave of apocalyptic tribulation with the four symbols bloodlines’ power. Finally, he could not hold on anymore.

He directly flew up and forcibly resisted the apocalyptic tribulation.

During the sixth wave, he still did not feel much.

By the seventh wave, Ye Yuan was clearly straining much harder.

Currently, the ninth wave was already approaching the end, but those bolts of heavenly tribulation were thick as towering trees. It already made Ye Yuan being covered all over with cuts and bruises.

The ninth level with nine layers of tribulation clouds being superimposed, the power was without equal!

Each bolt that landed, Ye Yuan would be directly slammed heavily onto the boundary wall.

But he got to his feet immediately and greeted the next bolt of heavenly tribulation.

Grand Brightjade Complete Heaven’s boundary wall could not block the blow of the apocalyptic tribulation.

“Heh, this kid is finally on his last legs! After he tides over this ninth wave of tribulation, he can’t make it through the tenth wave of tribulation no matter what!” Yi Xue said rather excitedly.

But Progenitor Bloodstone shook his head and said, “You’re underestimating Ye Yuan too much! How can someone who’s qualified to be this Dao’s opponent be killed by a mere tenth wave of apocalyptic tribulation?”

Yi Xue said in surprise, “This … is impossible, right? The power of this ninth wave of tribulation is extremely terrifying. This subordinate touches my own heart and feels that I absolutely can’t block it! This tenth wave, the power will definitely be even greater. How can he possibly block it?”

Progenitor Bloodstone did not explain. He just said coolly, “You watch, this boy definitely still has other means!” Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Before long, the ninth wave of apocalyptic tribulation finally came to an end.

But everyone in the world started to become even more weighed down with worry.

Mi Tian personally admitted that this ninth wave of tribulation, he could not pull through it no matter what!

This was also to say that, in the entire 33 Heavens, there were only those three outside that could pull through this ninth wave of tribulation!

Then for the tenth wave of tribulation, what kind of terrifying level would the power reach?

Looking at Ye Yuan again, he was currently charred black all over, green smoke emitting from his body, his aura being chaotic. Clearly, he had suffered considerable injuries.

Everyone could tell that he seemed to have reached his limits already.

Very soon, tribulation clouds rolled. Another tribulation cloud condensed and formed above the nine-layered tribulation cloud!

The moment this tenth wave of tribulation cloud appeared, it made everyone’s heart sink.

“What a terrifying pressure! I feel that this tenth wave of apocalyptic tribulation will likely have a huge leap in power! Can Ye Yuan … block it?” Zhuo Bufan said with a worried look.

Mi Tian’s expression was extremely somber too, and he said in a solemn voice, “No one has seen the tenth wave of apocalyptic tribulation before! But looking at it now, ninth wave to tenth wave is a huge hurdle! Ye Yuan he …”

Mi Tian did not carry on. Clearly, he was not optimistic about Ye Yuan either.

The tenth wave of tribulation cloud grew thicker and thicker. By the time it finally formed, it was virtually the sum of the previous nine waves of apocalyptic tribulations!

Before the Dao tribulation fell, the people already felt the sense of oppression that swept through like the turbulent wind that preceded the storm in the mountains.

“Progenitor, the power of this tenth wave of apocalyptic tribulation seems to be a little stronger than I imagined!” Yi Xue said.

A hint of shock also flashed across in Progenitor Bloodstone’s eyes.

The power of this tenth wave somewhat exceeded his imagination.

Heaven’s might was immeasurable. Progenitor Bloodstone had also never seen before the complete 33 Tribulations of Apocalypse.

The tenth wave was unbelievably strong!

He understood what Yi Xue meant. He did not think that Ye Yuan could pull through this tenth wave of apocalyptic tribulation.

“Just watch. The power of this tenth wave of tribulation does indeed exceed imagination. But Ye Yuan definitely still has cards up his sleeves. As for whether or not he can pull through, it will depend on how strong his cards are.”

Progenitor Bloodstone took back his words previously. He was also pessimistic about Ye Yuan now.

Suddenly, clusters of white fluffy things floated out of the clouds, akin to dandelions, being incredibly beautiful.

“Mn? What’s that? Could that be … the tenth wave of apocalyptic tribulation?”

“I have never seen such a Dao tribulation. One cluster after another, it’s like balls.”

“Lightning balls? They look very pretty, but I feel they are… very dangerous!”

… . .

After those lightning balls floated out, they moved along with the wind, flying everywhere.

Suddenly, a lightning ball floated over toward a blood race Great Beyond powerhouse. Its speed was swift until everyone did not react in time.

In the next second, everyone was petrified.

That blood race Great Beyond powerhouse seemed to be weathered down, directly disappearing!

A Great Beyond powerhouse, that was an overlord-like existence.

Wanting to kill a Great Beyond powerhouse was far too difficult.

Even if it was a powerhouse like Mi Tian, it was easy to defeat the average Great Beyond powerhouse. But killing was too difficult.

Therefore, fighting in this war until now, extremely few Great Beyond powerhouses had fallen.

But at this moment, that blood race Great Beyond powerhouse actually did not even manage to escape.

It could be seen how strong these lightning balls were!

Progenitor Bloodstone’s brows furrowed, and he said, “Everyone, retreat another hundred miles!”

Actually, there was no need for him to order them. Everyone already retreated in alarm and fear, hiding far away.

Those lightning balls were erratic, flying everywhere.

Although the vast majority flew towards Ye Yuan, there were also the ones that occasionally drifted out.

Very soon, the lightning balls got increasingly more, virtually filling the entire space.

Ye Yuan’s face also revealed a hint of solemness.

That scene of the blood race Great Beyond powerhouse being killed just now, he saw it too.

These lightning balls could not be touched!

He drew a deep breath and said loudly, “Brothers, borrow your sword spirits to use!”

It was only to see Ye Yuan stretch his hand out and beckon. Countless light dots lit up within the world, flying toward him.

A light sword gradually condensed and formed in Ye Yuan’s hand.

Swords had sword spirits.

It was the soul of the sword.

The people of a world, how many billions used the sword?

Countless souls of the sword condensed into this sword in Ye Yuan’s hand!

Zhuo Bufan noticed that the sword in his hand actually did not obey orders, the sword spirit directly flying out. He could not help feeling shocked.

He said in shock, “So, this is the ultimate profound intent of the sword of protection! My sword can feel his sincerity too. Hence, that’s why it would willingly obey his call! Compared to Sword Dao, I’m much worse than him!”

Ye Yuan’s sword of protection only appeared for the people that should be protected.

Unless it reached the final juncture, he would not use the final sword.

But now, he unleashed it!

And this move that Ye Yuan unleashed, even a Sword Dao overlord like Zhuo Bufan could not control his own sword.

The terror of this move could be seen!

Ye Yuan lifted the sword of protection, leaping up into the sky, flying toward the countless lightning balls.