Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3116: Angering Heavenly Dao!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Above the void, under the ten-layered tribulation clouds, a figure crisscrossed inside it, sword intent surging wildly. The sounds of explosions rose and ebbed, shocking until the entire chaos was trembling.

The ball lightning that even Great Beyond powerhouses could not block, Ye Yuan actually completely blocked them off!

“What a strong sword! The sword forged with the sword spirits of a world is indeed strong!” Yi Xue said in shock.

“It’s not that the sword is strong, but that the sword user is strong! His Sword Dao is already not far from controlling a Dao! You can say that he’s the number one person under Great Dao!” Bloodstone said with a solemn expression.

Without transcending the tribulation, he really would not have known that Ye Yuan was actually so strong.

!!

He thought that by controlling the power of Great Dao, he was already the strongest person in the 33 Heavens.

Everyone’s life and death, it was but a single thought of his.

But now, he felt threatened!

Previously, he thought that even if Ye Yuan succeeded in transcending the tribulation, he would also merely be Hegemon Realm. It should not be a problem.

But looking at it now, it was clearly not the case.

Swoosh!

Suddenly, several lightning balls flashed erratically and actually headed for the boundary wall.

When Mi Tian and the others saw it, they felt their scalps tingle.

The barrier could not stop these lightning balls at all!

Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh!

Several streaks of sword light penetrated the layers, striking those few lightning balls accurately.

Mi Tian wiped away the cold sweat on his forehead and let out a light huff.

Escaped a calamity!

“It turns out that when a person’s Sword Dao is to protect others, it can actually erupt with such a powerful force!” Zhuo Bufan was visibly moved as he said.

The power of each lightning ball already surpassed everyone’s imagination.

But Ye Yuan actually withstood them once again!

Zhuo Bufan could feel the conviction when Ye Yuan was using the sword of protection!

This conviction was the secret to the power of Ye Yuan’s Sword Dao.

Several days later, those countless lightning balls finally dissipated without a trace.

Yi Xue muttered; “He … He actually really pulled through! Where does his limit lie?”

Although Bloodstone was a little shocked, he was not surprised. He had long guessed that Ye Yuan had a contingency.

“Nothing strange about it. According to this Dao’s estimations, Ye Yuan should at least be able to overcome 18 tribulations! But, once he reached the 19th, he can’t overcome it no matter what!” Bloodstone said.

When Yi Xue, Heavenless, Samsara, as well the rest heard that, their whole bodies trembled, looking at Bloodstone with disbelieving faces.

18 tribulations, how was this possible?

One had to know, before this, the strongest person only overcame seven waves of apocalyptic tribulation!

Was Ye Yuan actually going to more than double it on this basis?

Progenitor Bloodstone’s evaluation of Ye Yuan was a little too high.

Of course, no one dared to question Progenitor Bloodstone.

Seeing everyone’s expression, Progenitor Bloodstone smiled lightly and said, “This apocalyptic tribulation, no one has ever made it past the eighth wave previously. This Dao also has no way of knowing. But now, the full picture can be inferred. Although each wave of this apocalyptic tribulation is stronger than the last, the power and form underwent huge changes from the ninth wave to tenth wave. Therefore, this Dao is guessing that in the 33 Tribulations of Apocalypse, every ten tribulations is one level. This is also to say that this tribulation has a total of four levels. The tenth tribulation after nine tribulations, the power directly rose a level! As for the final three waves of apocalyptic tribulation … the power will likely be sufficient to destroy the world!”

These words made everyone’s hearts turn slightly cold.

It was indeed this logic!

However, they were also convinced that even if Ye Yuan had exceedingly formidable abilities, it would be impossible to transcend this apocalyptic tribulation too!

The tenth tribulation was these lightning balls. Ye Yuan relied on the sword of protection and survived it with more scars than danger.

11th tribulation, boundless heavenly fire, Ye Yuan still pulled through.

… . .

In the 15th tribulation, it was a myriad profound ice tribulation. The sword of protection crumbled. Ye Yuan refined the myriad profound ice with Alchemy Dao, bombarding the tribulation clouds and successfully overcoming the tribulation.

… . .

19th tribulation, Ye Yuan relied on the skill to refine all things, and he still barely managed to transcend it.

Up till here, the power of the apocalyptic tribulations already exceeded everyone’s imagination.

Heavenless’ expression was livid as he said, “The power of this Dao tribulation has already caught up to this old man’s strength! The power of the 20th tribulation will definitely increase tremendously. This old man … definitely won’t be able to transcend it!”

Samsara’s expression was similarly ugly as he said, “If not for this apocalyptic tribulation, with the two of us coming to find trouble, we probably won’t be able to bear the consequences of failure! This boy clearly hasn’t even reached Hegemon Realm. Why is he so strong?”

Meanwhile, the others looked at them somewhat sympathetically.

These two great supremacies were originally two of the three most powerful people in all the heavens.

But who could have thought that they broke through the fetters and acquired a trace of Great Dao power? But in the end, they were directly suppressed.

Now, they also discovered to their dismay that they were actually not Ye Yuan’s match.

From start to end, the two of them were a joke!

Although the supremacies were strong, it could not be helped that they were born at the wrong time!

Bloodstone glanced at them and said with a smile, “You all don’t need to belittle your capabilities either. This is roughly about Ye Yuan’s limit too! This 20th apocalyptic tribulation, it’s absolutely impossible for him to transcend it!”

While talking, the 20th layer tribulation cloud started condensing.

This time, even powerhouses like Samsara and Heavenless were somewhat visibly moved.

Progenitor Bloodstone guessed correctly. The power of the 20th apocalyptic tribulation made them unable to even give birth to the thought of resisting.

This was the true power of Great Dao!

The apocalyptic tribulations previously were all origin tribulations.

But, in this 20th tribulation, they clearly felt the power of Great Dao!

This was also to say that, starting from this tribulation, it would be the real tribulation of Great Dao.

No matter how powerful Ye Yuan was, it would be impossible to overcome it too!

However, at this moment, Ye Yuan’s aura suddenly changed. A domineering force rushed straight towards the sky.

This imposing momentum was actually not the slightest bit weaker than the tribulation cloud that was currently condensing!

It was as if he was challenging Heavenly Dao.

Yi Xue’s pupils constricted, and he said in shock, “It’s this aura again! This is … Heaven Trampling Five Steps! So strong! Compared to killing Bloodpromise back then, this move is now no idea how much stronger! How is this possible? In a few short years, his power could actually grow so powerful!”

Similarly being the Heaven Trampling Five Steps he executed last time, when the current Ye Yuan used it, the power could no longer be mentioned in the same breath.

In creating the Chaos Heavenly Spirit List, what Ye Yuan improved in, was not just Sword Dao.

More importantly, Ye Yuan understood his own Dao!

This was also the reason why Ye Yuan’s strength increased so much in a few short years.

Great Dao commanded myriad Daos!

Mastering one law, mastering myriad laws!

Regardless of whether it was Sword Dao, Alchemy Dao, or Formation Dao, they were all means to achieve one’s own Dao.

But only the Dao in the heart was the true Dao!

What he wanted to protect was his home and the people closest to him.

For the sake of this Dao in his heart, so what if he stomped the heavens to the ground?

The moment Ye Yuan’s momentum appeared, Progenitor Bloodstone’s eyes revealed a shocked expression.

This move was ridiculously strong!

But very soon, he understood.

His mouth curled, and he said, “This move violates heavenly law! This should be his final trump card. The stronger this move, the quicker he dies! Watch! He’ll completely anger Heavenly Dao!”

Boom!

“Trampling Mountains and Rivers with One Step, Quiet Extermination of All Things Like the Night!”

Under this enormous momentum, Ye Yuan took a step out. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

This step seemed to be stepping on the sky.

The 20th layer tribulation cloud, along with the previous 19 tribulations clouds, collapsed with a loud bang!

This legendary 20th apocalyptic tribulation was actually weak as a kitten under Ye Yuan’s Heaven Trampling Five Steps.

However, as if affirming Ancestor Bloodstone’s words, the rolling tribulation clouds virtually condensed again in an instant.

And this time, it was completely different from the tribulation clouds previously.

A fierce gale swept, tribulation clouds rolling as if it was the sound of the angry roar of Heavenly Dao.

Very soon, 21 tribulation clouds condensed and formed.

People all thought that the 21st apocalyptic tribulation was about to fall right away.

But no!

Above the 21st layer tribulation cloud, the 22nd layer tribulation cloud continued forming.

Following that, it was the 23rd, 24th … all the way until the 29th.

Nine tribulation clouds actually condensed together!