Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 39: Lin Tiancheng

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

After Ye Yuan successfully refined the last transcendent-grade Essence Qi Pill, he let out a long sigh of relief.

These few days of refining had squeezed his essence energy dry over and over again, torturing him half dead.

However, the hard work paid off. By constantly draining his essence energy, unknowingly, Ye Yuan’s cultivation realm had thoroughly stabilized.

Right now, he was only one step away from the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm. As long as the accumulation of essence energy was sufficient, Ye Yuan could break through to the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm at any time.

What’s left was naturally stuffing himself with pills.

"Huuu. Finally done. Lu-er, help me stand guard, I’m going to break through to the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm," Ye Yuan instructed Lu-er.

The last batch of pills left today weren’t many, so Ye Yuan did not expend too much essence energy.

After taking a Qi Returning Pill and meditating for an hour, Ye Yuan recovered to his peak condition.

Casually taking out five transcendent-grade Essence Qi Pills and throwing them into his mouth, Ye Yuan executed the Spirit Bristle Nine Yang Divine Art and started to impact through the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm.

If it were some other Third Level Essence Qi Realm, they would definitely die due to the violent essence energy just from consuming five transcendent-grade Essence Qi Pills at once.

However, Ye Yuan’s Spirit Bristle Nine Yang Divine Art was just too powerful. The violent essence energy was currently as obedient as a lamb as it moved along Ye Yuan’s meridians; it even appeared to lack the strength to carry on.

Without thinking too much, Ye Yuan swallowed another three transcendent-grade Essence Qi Pills before the essence energy barely managed to reach the requirement.

Ye Yuan revolved around his thick and abundant essence energy, impacting through the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm bottleneck. Unlike other people, he did not encounter a large resistance and surged forth like a current; slowly, yet powerfully.

The Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm!

A bottleneck that would take several months, even a year for an ordinary person to break through, only took Ye Yuan two hours.

However, Ye Yuan did not stop cultivating. He continued to swallow transcendent-grade Essence Qi Pills non-stop, only ceasing when he reached the peak of Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm.

Sensing essence energy that was several times thicker than when he was at the Third Level Essence Qi Realm, Ye Yuan shook his head instead.

"Still too weak! I wonder when I will have the strength to charge back to the Divine Realm. However, if I were to have a deathmatch with Fei Qingping here once more, I can instantly kill him with only First Layer Wave."

After a night of cultivation, the sun was already up, and it was almost time to go look for Huyan Yong.

Ye Yuan had just advanced to the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm, so his fatigue was swept away long ago. Presently, Lu-er was also a cultivator. Meditating one night did not have much effect on her.

Master and servant went to the Illusionary Spirit Tower together. Huyan Yong had already been waiting there for a long time.

"Hello, Teacher Huyan," Ye Yuan brought Lu-er up and greeted him.

Huyan Yong nodded and acknowledged him calmly.

Huyan Yong instinctively swept his divine sense over Ye Yuan’s body, and his initially cold face revealed a slight astonishment.

"I didn’t see you for one night, and you are already at the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm?" Huyan Yong asked in amazement.

"Haha. Lucky, lucky," Ye Yuan laughed and said.

Huyan Yong shook his head and said, "At first, other people said that your cultivation realm was forcefully raised by your father. But I knew that it wasn’t the case after watching your deathmatch. However, I never expected that you would advance a small stage, rising to the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm."

"In any case, I’m an Alchemy Grandmaster’s son who mainly grew up eating medicinal pills. If I still can’t reach Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm at this age, I will be throwing my father’s face," Ye Yuan said, his words being half genuine, half false.

Huyan Yong nodded and did not say much, as if in silent agreement with what Ye Yuan said.

"The test hasn’t started yet. You two wait awhile," Huyan Yong said.

Clearly, it was not only Ye Yuan and Lu-er who were participating in the test. There were already over a dozen people waiting there. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Alright, Teacher Huyan." Ye Yuan didn’t waste his breath and brought Lu-er to stand with that group of people.

However, Ye Yuan’s appearance caused a stir.

Presently, he was too famous. Not only did he kill Fei Qingping who was higher than him by two minor cultivation realms in a deathmatch, but he also scammed thousands of Essence Qi Pills from several hundred students.

Even if they did not want to recognize him, they could not.

"You guys, isn’t that Ye Yuan over there? He also came to participate in the advancement test?"

"What’s so strange about it? That Fei Qingping already barely had strength close to the Black rank. Since Ye Yuan could finish him off, isn’t it very normal to join the advancement test?"

"That makes sense. But for a Third Level Essence Qi Realm to join the Black rank test, he can be considered exceptional."

"Don’t be silly. Back then, wasn’t Senior Apprentice Brother Long also at the Third Level Essence Qi Realm when he participated in the Black rank test? No matter how powerful Ye Yuan is, can he be stronger than Senior Apprentice Brother Long?"

"But his Stacking Waves Layered Palm was trained until the Second Layer Wave. Surely he’s at least stronger than Senior Apprentice Brother Long in that aspect? Senior Apprentice Brother Long trained for a month before barely mastering the First Layer Wave."

"Tsk. He was just lucky that the martial technique suited him. How can he possibly compare with Senior Apprentice Brother Long?"

"Then how do you explain his great circle stage Instant Flash?"

" . . . . . ."

"Yii? Look."

"Look at what? Making such a fuss."

"Ye Yuan seems to have . . . broken through . . ."

"Broken through what? H-he . . . he is already at Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm! Heavens! Is this fellow still human? How many days has it only been since he advanced to the Third Level Essence Qi Realm."

" . . . . . ."

When these two people discovered that Ye Yuan broke through, their expressions were like they have seen a ghost.

At this moment, others also clearly noticed that Ye Yuan broke through to the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm, and their eyes when looking at Ye Yuan became peculiar.

"Haha. What’s everyone looking at me for? I know I’m very handsome, but I don’t swing that way. So don’t look at me with that sort of expression, alright? Isn’t it just breaking through to the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm? It’s not like it’s something major. All of you Senior Apprentice Brothers have a higher cultivation realm than me, so can everybody stop being so amazed?" Ye Yuan was not uncomfortable with the attention and just brushed it off casually.

Everybody was collectively made speechless. Was this fellow here to posture?

Breaking through to the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm was the first threshold on the Martial Path. Who among them would not exercise extreme caution, spending large amounts of time to accumulate before breaking through?

But Ye Yuan only used a few days before crossing it. Now, he assumed a manner like it was too easy. He was really asking for a beating!

"Isn’t it just breaking through to Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm? What’s there to be surprised about? No matter how he jumps around, isn’t it just Black Rank? Even if he reached the Black Rank, he is still just trash."

The discussion was broken by an arrogant voice filled with condescension.

"It’s Senior Apprentice Brother Lin Tiancheng. He is currently a student in the Earth Rank most likely to advance to the Heaven Rank! I didn’t expect him to also participate in this advancement test. Looks like he is almost certain that he can advance to Heaven Rank this time." Very quickly, someone recognized the owner of the voice.

Lin Tiancheng slowly walked with his hands behind his back in front of Ye Yuan, bringing with him an overbearing pressure and asked, "You are Ye Yuan?"

Ye Yuan was not the slightest bit uncomfortable facing Lin Tiancheng’s pressure and said calmly, "I don’t know if the Ye Yuan you are talking about is me, but I am indeed called Ye Yuan."

"Humph! What a glib tongue! These few days, all I’ve been hearing are all sorts of clamoring about you. Today, I want to see if you really are as incredible as they say," Lin Tiancheng said with a face full of disdain.

"Is that so? I’m actually so famous now? To think that even Senior Apprentice Brother Lin hear my name all the time. However, I think it’s my first time hearing of Senior Apprentice Brother Lin today. I wonder if . . . Senior Apprentice Brother Lin can advance to Heaven Rank today. This Junior Apprentice Brother, I, wish that Senior Apprentice Brother Lin won’t stumble and fail."

Ye Yuan still had an exaggerated expression, but the words that came out of his mouth made everyone break into a sweat.

This fellow seemed to be cursing Lin Tiancheng to fail . . .

However, these words really struck Lin Tiancheng’s soft spot . . .