Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 42: Another Instant Kill!

Translator: celefoata_ Editor: RegiusProfessor

Every time the advancement test took place, it would always attract a large number of students to watch. That was because the results of the test might affect their position within the ranking.

A light screen displayed everyone’s test progress outside the Illusionary Spirit Tower.

"Eh? Did someone pass the test so quickly? It’s Ye Yuan!" seeing a change in the light screen happened so quickly, someone exclaimed in surprise.

"It’s that Ye Yuan who killed Fei Qingping during the deathmatch? That fellow is sick!"

"But this doesn’t mean much either. This should be his first time taking the advancement test, so right now, it should be the Entry Advancement test."

"But that is monstrous enough! Calculating the time, he should have just started the test. Even though it’s only the Entry Advancement test, he has to face five Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm fighters. Ye Yuan is just at the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm. Could it be that he instantly killed five people at the same level?"

"Uh. That’s really a possibility! Just how great is that fellow’s combat prowess? Back then, when I participated in the Entry Advancement test, I spent the time it took for an entire incense to burn before I managed to finish them off! I’m afraid that even Fei Qingping who broke through also can’t instantly kill five Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm, right?"

"Hehe. Looks like I was right for coming today. This Ye Yuan really soared to the skies in one move. I’m really looking forward to just how far he can go during this test!"

No matter what, Ye Yuan instantly killing five martial artists of the same level caused the students to burst into an uproar.

All of these students had gone through the Entry Advancement test. But not one of them dared to say that they could instantly kill five opponents at the same level when they were at the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm.

Ye Yuan could kill Fei Qingping who was two minor realms higher than him when he was at the Third Level Essence Qi Realm. Now that he was already at the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm, just how strong is Ye Yuan’s combat strength after advancing a minor stage? 1

Everyone was curious.

Most of them came to see who could advance to Heaven Rank, but now, their attention turned to Ye Yuan.

Huyan Yong watched the light screen silently. He, unlike the rest of the surrounding students, was most concerned with Ye Yuan’s test.

When Ye Yuan passed the Entry Advancement test just now, the shock he felt was no less than the other students.

When he was at the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm, he could easily defeat five martial artists of the same level. But to talk about instantly killing them . . . that was something impossible for him.

This Ye Yuan was truly full of surprises.

"Look! Wan Yuan and Liu Ruoshui came as well. Most likely they came to scout out information to see just where the limits of Ye Yuan’s strength laid."

"Hehe. I wonder what were they thinking when they saw Ye Yuan passing the Entry Advancement test instantly."

Presently, someone noticed that there were two more people in the crowd. They were precisely Wan Yuan and Liu Ruoshui.

Wan Yuan and Ye Yuan’s conflict was no longer a secret in the academy. Now that he showed up here, it was obviously because of Ye Yuan.

As Wan Yuan looked at Ye Yuan’s progress on the light screen, his face sunk.

He happened to see the scene of Ye Yuan advancing just as he entered the Illusionary Spirit Tower. Even though it was only the Entry Advancement test, wasn’t this speed too fast?

Wan Yuan still was not aware that Ye Yuan was already at the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm. If he knew, who knows what he would think . . .

. . . . . .

Within the Illusionary Spirit Tower, the Dream Tapir was stunned as he looked at Ye Yuan.

He 2 had tested countless student over the years. Each of them possessed the power that outclassed those at the same level. Some exceptional students could easily defeat these five martial artists. However, this was his first time encountering someone like Ye Yuan who could instantly kill five opponents at the same level.

One would have to cross another minor stage, possessing the strength of a Seventh Level Essence Qi Realm, before they could instantly kill five Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm martial artists.

It was not difficult to jump ranks to do battle for genius students. However, it was extremely challenging to cross over an entire minor stage.

When Ye Yuan was at the Third Level Essence Qi Realm, he could not handle Fei Qingping even when he mastered the Stacking Waves Layered Palm, First Layer Wave. One could see just how difficult it was to jump ranks to battle.

Yet now, Ye Yuan could use his strength as a Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm to instantly kill five opponents at the same rank. Just how powerful did he have to be to do that!

"My apologies. I forgot to tell you that I’m here to take the Yellow Rank Advancement test," Ye Yuan said and smiled lightly.

The Dream Tapir was a little unpleased with Ye Yuan’s attitude. He frowned slightly and said, "Alright. The Yellow Rank Advancement test will begin now. This is your opponent."

The Dream Tapir waved, and another five black-clothed martial artists appeared. The five black-clothed martial artists that appeared this time were shockingly all at the Sixth Level Essence Qi Realm.

"Sixth Level Essence Qi Realm eh? The difficulty didn’t seem to have increased much," Ye Yuan muttered to himself.

Just as Ye Yuan said, the difficulty of the Yellow Rank Advancement test did not increase too much from the Entry Advancement test. Even though Sixth Level Essence Qi Realm was strong, without crossing a minor stage, it was not exactly insurmountable for students.

As students’ cultivation realm rose with the accumulation of time, it would not be difficult to deal with five Sixth Level Essence Qi Realm fighters.

The truly difficult ones were the Black Rank Advancement test and the Earth Rank Advancement test!

The opponents faced in the Black Rank Advancement test would rise to another level; five Eighth Level Essence Qi Realm martial artists. And the opponents in the Earth Rank Advancement test were five First Level Spirit Condensation Realm fighters!

Under normal circumstances, students would have to increase their cultivation realm in order to pass the test. Otherwise, it would be far too challenging.

One cultivation realm, one layer of heaven. Apart from geniuses like Long Tang, the average person would not be able to jump ranks to battle five martial artists of a higher realm.

One would first have to reach Spirit Condensation Realm in order to pass through the Earth Rank Advancement test to become a Heaven Rank student.

Therefore, for Wan Yuan to break through and become an Earth rank student with his Seventh Level Essence Qi Realm cultivation, this result was hard to come by. Naturally, the academy would heavily groom him.

Five Sixth Level Essence Qi Realm opponents; they were much stronger than Fei Qingping.

However, back when Ye Yuan was at the Third Level Essence Qi Realm, he could already easily kill Fei Qingping. Now that he was at the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm, these five Sixth Level Essence Qi Realm fighters were nothing difficult.

The five Sixth Level Essence Qi Realm fighters joined hands and attacked together. Ye Yuan’s sword remained sheathed, as he once again struck out with a palm.

Stacking Waves Layered Palm, Second Layer Wave!

The five black-clothed martial artists were sent flying once more, and they vanished.

The Dream Tapir stared wide-eyed in disbelief at the sight.

This brat . . . is too terrifying.

Huyan Yong’s pupils contracted as he watched the light curtain.

Another instant kill? How was this possible?!

The Yellow Rank Advancement test consisted of five Sixth Level Essence Qi Realm fighters! Each one of them was two minor cultivation realms higher than Ye Yuan! How could it be another instant kill?!

Although Huyan Yong knew that Ye Yuan was almost certain to advance to the Black rank when he saw that Ye Yuan was at the Fourth Level Essence Qi Realm, he did not expect Ye Yuan to advance with such ease!

Five Sixth Level Essence Qi Realm martial artists . . . Each one of them was stronger than Fei Qingping. Even if Ye Yuan was strong, it was impossible for him to be so ridiculously strong!

"Look guys! Ye Yuan’s advancement test ended again! This time, it should be the Yellow Rank Advancement test, right? That’s to say, he is already a Black rank student?"

"T-that fellow is simply too monstrous. A-another instant kill! Just how did that fellow manage to instantly kill five Sixth Level Essence Qi Realm opponents? Even when Senior Apprentice Brother Long Tang took the Yellow Rank Advancement test, it wasn’t as exaggerated as this."

"I’m already drunk. That fellow isn’t human at all. He already surpassed my imaginations . . ."

Wan Yuan gritted his teeth as he looked at the light screen. At this moment, he was feeling an immense threat. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Ye Yuan’s improvement speed was too fast. At this rate, would he no longer be Ye Yuan’s opponent when the time comes for the Endless Trials?

No! Ye Yuan must die!