Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"C-Comprehended fully?"

Li Junjie seemed to have a tub of cold water splash down; sobering up instantaneously.

He looked at Qin Yan. The latter was nodding his head and said, "His Azure Dipper Purple Yang Sword Intent has already reached the state of returning to the origin. You can’t possibly beat him. I really didn’t think that after so many years passed, the Tranquil Cloud Sect actually produced such a character!"

Finished talking, Qin Yan looked at Ye Yuan with an unkind expression and said, "Punk, ability to disguise as a pig to eat a tiger is pretty good!"

"Disguising as a pig to eat a tiger? Huhu, is there a need to disguise as a pig to eat the tiger when dealing with you people?" Ye Yuan said with a faint smile

Qin Yan’s face fell slightly. Towards Ye Yuan’s attitude, he was very displeased.

As the Myriad Sword Sect’s junior generation’s number one person, wherever Qin Yan walked, admiration and flattering voices would resound. Today, he was actually looked down upon by a kid.

Qin Yan narrowed his eyes and said, "Boy, don’t think that you can be cocky by comprehending true intent! You need to know that there is always somebody stronger!"

"The three of you ran to the Tranquil Cloud Sect to make a big show of your prowess, and then injured my fellow sect members. Now you’re saying that I’m cocky? Your logic simply differs from ordinary people!" Ye Yuan said with a cold smile.

"Humph! What a sharp tongue! We are here on the sect’s orders to investigate the Southern Domain’s change. Your Tranquil Cloud Sect is already a lone island. We came here to rescue you all," Qin Yan said nonchalantly.

Hearing Qin Yan’s words, the corner of Ye Yuan’s mouth revealed a ridiculing smile. "Rescue? I think that your Myriad Sword Sect wants to swallow the Tranquil Cloud Sect, or are thinking of making us wag our tails to beg like a dog in front of you people to satisfy your ego a little?"

Qin Yan was stunned when he heard it. He suddenly grinned and said, "Then so what? Could it be that you all still have other choices?"

This time, the expression on the faces of Skymaple, Luo Qingfeng, and the rest became odd.

"You all most likely don’t know it yet, right? The Purple Mansion Sect was already sent packing with a face full of dust previously at our sect, losing three Soul Sea Realm experts in succession. Right now, I reckon that He Mingde is probably still weeping at home, right?" Luo Qingfeng said with a cold smile.

Luo Qingfeng’s words stunned the trio.

They had just arrived in the Southern Domain too. The information grasped was still when they had just left the sect. They totally did not know what happened recently in the Southern Domain.

Now, once they heard the news, it indeed made them feel very surprised.

But it was merely just surprised. Qin Yan did not feel that Luo Qingfeng could kill martial artists with high cultivation realms.

"Haha. Killing a couple of First Level Soul Sea Realms made all of you so happy? That Purple Mansion Sect probably saw that your strength was too weak, so they totally didn’t send experts over, right?" Gu Tianyou said with a chortle.

Luo Qingfeng said with a disdainful look, "First Level Soul Sea Realm? Haha. The Purple Mansion Sect has already attacked the Tranquil Cloud Sect three times. The first time, a First Level Soul Sea Realm died. The second time, two Fourth Level Soul Sea Realms died. The third time, He Mingde came personally, and also returned in failure! Do you all think that we should be happy or not?"

"Fourth Level Soul Sea Realm? Even two? Do you take us for rookies who don’t know anything? Just the likes of you people can kill two Fourth Level Soul Sea Realms?" Li Junjie said with a ridiculing smile.

"Ignorant! The Purple Mansion Sect dispatched thousands of martial artists to come and attack the Tranquil Cloud Sect. Is there a need for me to deceive you on this matter? If you don’t believe it, you can try out the Tranquil Cloud Sect’s sect protecting grand array in person," Luo Qingfeng said with a cold smile.

Luo Qingfeng was very proud of the sect protecting grand array right now. This kind of grand array that could instantly kill Soul Sea Realm experts was seriously satisfying.

Beneath the Divine Traversing Realm, it was virtually invincible!

"Sect protecting grand array? You’re talking about . . . the Yin-Yang Turbid Heaven Grand Array? Didn’t you all lose this set of array formation back then?" Qin Yan said with a frown.

"No comments about that! Humph! If not for the sake of the entire Endless World’s safety, would we send people to the Northern Domain? So long as we defend the Tranquil Cloud Sect to the death, the Purple Mansion Sect can’t breach inside all their lives!" Luo Qingfeng said.

"You’re saying that there is really another world trying to invade our Endless World?" Qin Yan said.

"The Purple Mansion Sect is a chess piece left in the Endless World by the Fierce Gale World. Now that the realm passageway has already opened up, Fierce Gale World martial artists will attack over here very soon! This matter concerns the grand matter of the entire Endless World’s life and death! You people actually still have thoughts of internal conflicts here. Truly don’t know life from death!" Ye Yuan said with a sneer.

Based on the attitudes of Qin Yan and the others, they completely did not believe that there was this matter of another world invading.

After all, several thousand years had already passed since the previous great war. Even a sect like the Grand Yan True Sect was already buried in the annals of history.

The Grand Yan True Sect was also to blame for being overly domineering back then; directly sealing the realm passageway, resulting in the great war between two worlds not clashing on a massive scale.

The Endless World martial artists did not suffer a pain which cut deep. Their impression of the other world was not so deep as well.

But Ye Yuan believed that those major powers in the Northern Domain should have heard of this segment of history.

Except, Mei Zhen most likely did not meet those people when he went over this time.

A Sea Transformation Realm martial artist might be powerful enough in the Southern Domain. But placed in the Northern Domain, it was nothing.

"What a pack of nonsense! Why would there be another world invading for no reason? You said that the Purple Mansion Sect were the other world’s survivors. What proof is there?" Qin Yan said.

Ye Yuan had long known that Qin Yan would have such an inquiry. His hands briefly kneaded a seal. A silhouette suddenly appeared before everyone.

"Spatial spirit artifact!" Seeing this scene, Qin Yan trio were all startled. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Spatial spirit artifacts were beloved treasures that everyone would want to get their hands on. Even them, the Northern Domain’s top disciples, did not have in their possessions.

Seeing that Ye Yuan actually had a spatial spirit artifact, their gaze involuntarily became scorching.

Ye Yuan shot a glance and said, "Put away your ideas. Or else, you might not be able to walk out of the Tranquil Cloud Sect! This is the slave that I captured in the Fierce Gale World. His name is Lan Feng. Let him talk to you about the Fierce Gale World’s matters."

Ye Yuan already had Sea Transformation Realm strength at present. Even when facing Early-Stage Soul Sea Realm martial artists, he had sufficient self-preserving strength too. Hence, he did not mind exhibiting the spatial spirit artifact in front of these people.

But Ye Yuan’s words astonished the trio tremendously. Qin Yan exclaimed in shock, "You . . . You’ve been to the other world?"

Ye Yuan said nonchalantly, "Naturally I’ve been there before. Lan Feng’s divine soul is slightly different from the Endless World martial artists. You guys investigate it slightly and should be able to discover some inklings."

Qin Yan probed and discovered that Lan Feng’s divine soul was indeed slightly different from the Endless World martial artists!

This shock was tremendous. In his heart, he already believed Ye Yuan’s words to a certain extent!

"Lan Feng, you pick out a few important things about the Purple Mansion Sect and the Fierce Gale World’s past for them to hear," Ye Yuan instructed.

"Yes, Master!" Lan Feng cupped his hands slightly and started talking.

As time passed, the expressions on Qin Yan and the rest became increasingly grim.

Turned out that things had already reached such a critical state. They were actually still harboring the mentality of watching the show coming over to the Tranquil Cloud Sect this time.

After Lan Feng finished talking, Qin Yan trio exchanged glances, their eyes revealing a never-before astonishment.

"Oh, right, Lan Feng did not say it just now. The Fierce Gale World is a middle-order small world. The wind emperor’s strength is . . . Boundless Realm!" Ye Yuan said indifferently.