Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"You! Do you really dare to imprison Eldest Senior Brother for a puny little Sea Transformation Realm martial artist!"

Li Junjie felt rather incredulous. This Ye Yuan seemed hell-bent on opposing the Myriad Sword Sect.

This was simply something that could not be explained by reason!

There was actually somebody who dared to fall out with the Myriad Sword Sect!

Qin Yan’s significance to the Myriad Sword Sect went without saying. If the Tranquil Cloud Sect dared to touch a hair of Qin Yan’s, an apocalyptic calamity was definitely unavoidable.

Did this boy eat the wrong medicine?

Uhh . . . Seemed like he already harmed quite a few hairs.

Ye Yuan said coldly, "Puny little Sea Transformation Realm? Aren’t you just a Sea Transformation Realm too? Moreover . . . your eldest senior brother might be very important in your eyes, but in my eyes, he isn’t worth a fart! Elder Mei’s life is way more important than his!"

As he said, Ye Yuan’s aura pressed on and actually made Li Junjie and Gu Tianyou feel chilly.

In Ye Yuan’s view, these few fellows clearly looked down on everybody snobbishly.

Mei Zhen might not be considered much in front of them. But to Ye Yuan, he was a very important senior.

Ye Yuan experienced hardships before rescuing Mei Zhen from the Fierce Gale World. He could not very well fall in the Myriad Sword Sect.

"Madman! You’re a madman!" Li Junjie turned to Skymaple and Luo Qingfeng and said, "Could it be that you all want to go crazy together with this boy? If you all dare to detain Eldest Senior Brother today, you have to make the preparations of receiving the wrath of my Myriad Sword Sect! At that time, your Tranquil Cloud Sect will really not have fowls or dogs spared!"

Skymaple and Luo Qingfeng’s expression both changed. This consequence, they really could not quite bear it!

Although Mei Zhen was important but compared to the entire sect . . .

However, Ye Yuan did not give them the opportunity to hesitate. He took a step forward and said with narrowed eyes, "Are you threatening me here?" Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Li Junjie was taken aback by Ye Yuan’s aura and actually took a step back instinctively.

But he reacted very quickly, and his face involuntarily reddened slightly.

I . . . What’s with me? I’m actually frightened? I, a dignified Myriad Sword Sect’s disciple, would actually fear this punk? A wave of shame hit in Li Junjie’s heart.

However, he really had no confidence against Ye Yuan.

Ye Yuan could even defeat Qin Yan. Defeating him was simply like lifting a finger.

"N-No, I . . . didn’t . . . mean that." Li Junjie was even somewhat stammering when talking.

But Ye Yuan did not care. He took another step forward and said coldly, "Then what did you mean? En?"

"I was . . ." Li Junjie moved back again but just happened to trip over something, planting his bottom onto the ground.

"Humph! My Tranquil Cloud Sect sent people to the Northern Domain to notify your three great sects with public interests in mind, to warn you all to guard against the invasion of another world! Yet, you held a grudge and detained Elder Mai! If I don’t keep a hostage today, Elder Mei would surely find it hard to die with peace of mind. The two of you head back today. If Elder Mei receives a trace of injury, I’ll definitely make Qin Yan’s life worse than death!" Ye Yuan said with a cold grunt.

Gu Tianyou and Li Junjie were forced by Ye Yuan’s aura and actually mumbled and did not dare to rebuke.

The main hall fell into a dead silence. Nobody dared to make a sound.

The Gu Tianyou pair stood there, unable to leave nor stay; it was very awkward.

Meanwhile, Skymaple and Luo Qingfeng and the rest actually felt very liberating in their hearts. During these more than thousand years, they withdrew and stood in the Southern Domain’s land, living very aggrievedly.

Especially just now, Li Junjie actually used the Azure Dipper Purple Yang Sword Art to deal with Xiao Jian, making their dignity suffer tremendous devastation even more so.

Back then, the Myriad Sword Sect virtually annihilated the Tranquil Cloud Sect. The Tranquil Cloud Sect also greatly damaged their vitality in that battle. That was why they were unable to recover from the setback ever since.

Truthfully talking about it, the two sect’s enmity could be said to be irreconcilable under the same sky!

But the problem was that the Myriad Sword Sect was one of the strongest three sects in the entire Endless World. The strength was too great!

A tiny sect like the Tranquil Cloud Sect simply could not afford to provoke!

They did not know how Ye Yuan had such tremendous gall to actually dare yank on the Myriad Sword Sect’s whiskers.

However, through that fight earlier, Luo Qingfeng already had a clear realization that Ye Yuan’s true combat strength was most likely no longer beneath his.

Furthermore, the entire Tranquil Cloud Sect was saved by Ye Yuan. Whatever Ye Yuan wanted to do now, they were willing to be the backup for Ye Yuan!

Right then, Ye Yuan’s eyes suddenly narrowed, and he said icily, "Since some friends have arrived, why not show yourselves? If it spreads out, others might think that my Tranquil Cloud Sect doesn’t know how to receive guests."

The expressions of Luo Qingfeng and the rest changed. Somebody snuck into the main hall, and they were actually completely oblivious!

A girl dressed in light-blue gauze floated down from the roof, making people feel like the temperature in the entire great hall suddenly fell by a few degrees.

The girl as cold as frost, but had a beauty that could topple down a nation, and with heavenly fragrance too. Standing there, she gave people a cold and detachment vibe which kept people a thousand miles away. This was an ice mountain beauty in its true sense!

Seeing this woman, Qin Yan trio’s faces changed!

"Yin Yanhua!"

When Ye Yuan saw this girl, he could not help being rather surprised. The Tranquil Cloud Sect had the sect protecting grand array defending. This woman could actually silently sneak into the main hall.

Yin Yanhua gave Ye Yuan a graceful bow but did not open her mouth to speak.

Ye Yuan smiled faintly and said in a clear voice, "Is your distinguished self still hoping for a fluke in your heart? Since you came, might as well get together. Wouldn’t it be lively?"

Luo Qingfeng could not help being secretly alarmed. There was actually still somebody!

Indeed, when Ye Yuan’s voice faded, a young man dressed in long black robes flashed out from the corner.

"Guo Taoqun! You all!" When Qin Yan saw these two people, he wished that he could find a hole to crawl into.

Guo Taoqun took a few more glances at Ye Yuan, but his gaze finally fell on Qin Yan, and said smilingly, "Huhu, the Myriad Sword Sect’s number one disciple actually suffered a crushing defeat in the desolate land of the Southern Domain. I think sending this news back to the Northern Domain will create a considerable stir!"

But Qin Yan said with a cold smile, ’Guo Taoqun, stop delighting in my misfortune here! If you have the capabilities, you go and size yourself up with that punk!"

Guo Taoqin froze, his gaze involuntarily turning towards Ye Yuan. He chuckled and said, "Messing around for so long, you were actually defeated in the hands of this boy?"

Yin Yanhua and Guo Taoqun had just reached the main hall not long and did not see Ye Yuan and Qin Yan’s confrontation at all.

Guo Taoqun even thought that it was Luo Qingfeng who beat Qin Yan to heavy injuries and came out just in time to ridicule.

Right then, the Yin Yanhua who did not talk the entire time had a seldom-seen dialogue, "That young man isn’t simple!"

Guo Taoqun was stunned once again and finally sized up Ye Yuan properly.

He originally thought that Ye Yuan could call out Yin Yanhua and himself because there was some array formation inside this main hall.

Looking at it now, it did not seem to be that simple.

This youth whose age was not past 16 seemed to be rather extraordinary.

Qin Yan’s strength, Guo Taoqun was all too familiar. Even when encountering ordinary First Level Soul Sea Realms, he might not be at a disadvantage.

Guo Taoqun previously even thought that this Tranquil Cloud Sect’s sect master was very strong, that was why Qin Yan was defeated. He did not think that it was actually because of this young man in front of him.

This young man was only at the First Level Sea Transformation realm. Didn’t this mean that . . . he could cross a major realm to defeat his opponent?

This shock was no trivial matter!