Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Returning to the Tranquil Cloud Sect once again, Mei Zhen truly felt like a lifetime had passed.

It was only after being detained by the Myriad Sword Sect that Mei Zhen know that the ones who nearly caused the Tranquil Cloud Sect’s destruction back then was actually this Myriad Sword Sect!

Him reporting the name of his sect was simply sending sheep to the tiger’s maw.

Those few days when he was just detained, his essence energy was sealed, and he did the lowest chores in the Myriad Sword Sect. Whatever dirty work or tiring work would be done by him.

He originally thought that he would be tormented to death like this very soon. Who knew that after several days, the Myriad Sword Sect people not only removed his essence energy seal, they even provided good food and drinks for him.

Although he had no way to leaving the Myriad Sword Sect, compared to the days before, it was simply immortal-like.

All the way until a couple of days ago, Fu Zonghu found him and told him with a mild tone that he was going to send him back to the sect personally.

Mei Zhen first thought that he heard wrongly. When he confirmed that this was not a hallucination, it brought him great agitation.

Furthermore, this in front of him was a Divine Traversing Realm expert!

Fu Zonghu actually used a consulting manner of speaking when talking to him.

What was this playing at?

But on this trip, Fu Zonghu did not say why they released him back either.

Although he was very courteous when talking, upon mention of this matter, he was always vague.

But Mei Zhen did not haggle over this either. To be able to return to the Tranquil Cloud Sect, he was already very satisfied. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Grand Elder! Sect Master! You . . . You guys actually came back!"

When Mei Zhen saw Skymaple and Luo Qingfeng, he was stunned speechless.

These two people were thrown in jail. With the Tranquil Cloud Sect’s strength, how could they possibly be rescued?

Even if Ye Yuan’s present combat strength was astonishing, it was not possible to charge all the way to the Heavenly Sky Sect’s Towering Peak either and rescue these two people, right?

"Huhu, same as you, we could return to the Tranquil Cloud Sect all due to Ye Yuan’s credit!" Skymaple said with a faint smile.

"Ye . . . Ye Yuan!"

It was really Ye Yuan!

But how on earth did he accomplish it? Mei Zhen was even more perplexed.

"Alright. We’ll talk in detail later. There are still guests around," Skymaple said smilingly.

Mei Zhen was dazed, then nodded his head and retreated to one side.

There were still Gu Tianyou and Li Junjie standing behind Fu Zonghu. They were familiar with the situation here, so Fu Zonghu brought them along.

Fu Zonghu came before Ye Yuan and said with a faint smile, "You’re Ye Yuan, right? Indeed, heroes come from youngsters! This Heavenly Evil Sect’s matters, I heard about it. You actually directly killed the First Level Soul Sea Realm Mao Yuanji with Second Level Sea Transformation Realm strength! Truly inconceivable!"

Xu Zihui and Bao Sangui were greatly taken aback with shock when they heard these words!

Sea Transformation Realm killing Soul Sea Realm?

This . . . Was this really accomplished by the teenage youth before their eyes?

The pair exchanged looks, both reading the astonishment in the other party’s eyes!

No wonder the City Lord, His Excellency, attached such importance to this Ye Yuan. Such terrifying talent, not regarding him highly would be weird!

Those top juniors in the Northern Domain might not be on par with this young man before their eyes either!

But Ye Yuan said with a faint smile, "Senior is too kind. Ye Yuan’s meager strength is most likely not worth mentioning in front of Senior."

Fu Zonghu smiled slightly and opened his mouth and said, "We’ve already sent him back. Shouldn’t you keep your word as well?"

"That is so, of course."

Ye Yuan was not melodramatic too. He lightly formed seals, releasing Qin Yan.

Seeing Qin Yan, the others were still fine, but Xu Zihui and Bao Sangui were so shocked that their eyeballs nearly popped out.

They finally knew what those incomprehensible words of Ye Yuan’s meant just now.

This boy actually detained the Myriad Sword Sect’s old ancestor’s lineage grandson as a hostage to use to exchange for a puny little elder from his own sect!

How was this touching the tiger’s whiskers? This was simply directly plucking out the tiger’s whiskers!

Although that Myriad Sword Sect’s old ancestor was elusive in his whereabouts, his legends in the Northern Domain were still plenty.

It was said that that old ancestor’s temper was very explosive. But now, he actually swallowed his pride and endured in silence, and he really sent the person back!

Xu Zihui sucked in a deep breath. He finally knew why the City Lord valued Ye Yuan so highly.

This young man was simply heaven-defying!

Since the three sects and Wu Fang City jointly issued hero invitations, it meant that the Myriad Sword Sect’s old ancestor already let bygones be bygones regarding this matter.

Did this boy stumble randomly, making use of the Fierce Gale World invading this node? Or did he plotted long ago?

If he schemed long ago, then this boy’s mind was also too monstrous!

Fu Zonghu saw that Qin Yan only had his essence energy sealed and did not have any injuries other than that. A boulder in his heart finally landed too.

According to Qin Hongtao’s intentions, as long as Qin Yan had any hint of injury, he would definitely make Tranquil Cloud Sect pay the price!

But before he came, Ning Yixian and Jing Xuan both came to find him and made him to never take action against the Tranquil Cloud Sect.

This put him in an incredibly awkward predicament.

There was no choice. He could only take it one step at a time and come to the Tranquil Cloud Sect and take a look at the situation first before deciding.

Seeing that Ye Yuan did not make things difficult for Qin Yan, Fu Zonghu finally put his heart at ease.

When Qin Yan saw Fu Zonghu, he could not help flushing red as he gave a respectful bow and said, "Grandpa Fu."

Fu Zonghu and Qin Hongtao were in the same generation. Their relationship was pretty decent too. That was why Qin Hongtao could be at ease sending him over.

When Qin Yan met Fu Zonghu, he would have to respectfully call him as Grandpa Fu.

Fu Zonghu smiled slightly and said with a nod, "Yan-er, don’t need to be like this. You lost to Ye Yuan. There’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Know humiliation, then strive harder; that is how a man should be."

Although Qin Yan was haughty, he was not that sort of ignorant silkpants.

Hearing Fu Zonghu saying this, he could not help being dazed as he said, "I’ve embarrassed Grandfather! Grandfather he, doesn’t blame me?"

Fu Zonghu shook his head and said, "Ye Yuan’s strength is already unrivaled among the young generation. You losing to him isn’t injustice."

Qin Yan’s gaze turned intent as he exclaimed, "Unrivaled?"

Fu Zonghu nodded and said, "That’s right! Ye Yuan’s present strength can already kill a First Level Soul Sea independently! Regardless whether it is you, or Guo Taoqun, or even Yin Yanhua, you are all not his match."

"Hiss . . ." Qin Yan drew a cold breath. His gaze when looking at Ye Yuan was filled with astonishment.

Protecting himself in front of a Soul Sea Realm, he could accomplish that when he examined himself. Even some slightly weaker Soul Sea Realms, there was a possibility of him defeating them too.

But to talk about killing, that absolutely could not be accomplished!

And this youth before his eyes who was seven minor realms lower than him could actually accomplish that!

"Huuu . . . Grandpa Fu, I know what to do already," Qin Yan exhaled deeply and said.

Seeing Qin Yan’s gaze, Fu Zonghu nodded slightly. Looks like the setback this time was not a bad thing to Qin Yan.

"Come, I’ll remove the seals for you first. Let’s return to the sect together."

As Fu Zonghu was talking, he plunged a strand of essence energy into Qin Yan’s essence energy sea. But very soon, his brows furrowed together.

He was actually unable to remove the seal!

Ye Yuan smiled slightly when he saw the situation and said, "Better let me. If forcefully breaking the seal, it will cause damage to his essence energy sea."

As he said, Ye Yuan came before Qin Yan and similarly fired a strand of essence energy into his essence energy sea. The seal was removed very quickly.

When Fu Zonghu saw Ye Yuan’s actions from the sides, the amazement in his eyes was incomparable.