Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Haha! That’s how it should be! Come, come to my place to have a chat. Elder Brother there has the highest grade Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew. Today, us brothers shall not return without getting drunk!"

Wu Xuan put his arm around Ye Yuan and pulled him hard, like really becoming good friends despite a great difference in age.

Ye Yuan had no choice and could only say goodbye to Skymaple and leave with Wu Xuan.

As an Alchemy Sovereign expert, Wu Xuan’s residence was naturally very luxurious.

Wu Xuan brought Ye Yuan to a small courtyard, took out two jade small wine bottles, and showed them off. He said, "This Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew is of the highest grade among wine. In this city, only Fu Yunjing that old man knows how to brew it. I pestered him endlessly before getting six bottles from him. Today, if not to entertain this Younger Brother, Elder Brother, I, wouldn’t bear to drink!"

Ye Yuan said with a smile, "Elder Brother entertaining like this, wouldn’t it put Ye Yuan to shame?"

"Hey, what’s there to be ashamed around? To be able to make friends with Younger Brother, I’m more than happy! Come, come, come! Quickly taste it!"

As he said, Wu Xuan was just about to pour the wine for Ye Yuan. Ye Yuan was stupefied and said, "Uh, drinking it like this?"

This time, it was Wu Xuan’s turn to be in a daze. He asked, "Not drinking like this? How else can it be drunk?"

Ye Yuan chuckled and said, "Old Brother secured this Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew, but you don’t know it’s drinking method. Isn’t it a waste?"

Wu Xuan said in surprise, "Eh? Hearing the meaning of Younger Brother’s words, you’ve drunk this Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew before? According to what I know, in this Endless World, it seems like only Fu Yunjing that old man knows how to brew this wine! Hang on, you talk about how this wine should be drunk first."

Ye Yuan said with a smile, "The Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew has a total of five grades: low-grade, middle-grade, high-grade, top-grade, as well as the highest level heaven-grade. According to the difference in level, the wine ware will not be entirely the same too."

Ye Yuan brought the tiny wine bottle to his nose and sniffed before continuing, "This bottle of Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew should be a low-grade. It should be matched with wine cups made from Southern Sandalwood to be able to bring out the taste."

"Oh? Why is this so?" Wu Xuan had a curious look as if he had discovered a new continent.

As far as he knew, Fu Yunjing that old punk indeed still had even better Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew, but had never been willing to take it out to show others, let alone say asking for it.

After Wu Xuan drank a low-grade Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew once at Fu Yunjing’s place, he could not forget that taste anymore. Hence, he ran over daily to beg Fu Yunjing for a few bottles.

At first, Fu Yunjing still did not agree. Later, through Wu Xuan’s hard and soft tactics and his incessant pestering, he finally could not take it and Wu Xuan six bottles.

Yet, he had never heard before that drinking this Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew actually had so many details to pay attention to.

"The fragrance that southern sandalwood gives off when mingled together with this wine will make the flavor even stronger when it enters your mouth. Furthermore, low-grade Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew still has some impurities. Cups constructed out of Southern Sandalwood can slightly cleanse these impurities, making the taste of the Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew even more fragrant," Ye Yuan explained.

"There’s actually such attention to detail? Cups made from Southern Sandalwood, I actually have them here. It’s just that I thought all along that jade material wine cups are more suited for the Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew, and that wood material cups will spoil the taste of the Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew. Hence, I’ve never used it to drink. Today, hearing Younger Brother say this, I really have to give it a try."

Wu Xuan ran into the room. Soon enough, he really brought out two wooden cups.

Pouring the wine in, Wu Xuan moved the cup in front of his face and sniffed. His eyes involuntarily lit up, "It’s really more fragrant compared to before!"

Following that, he sipped a mouthful of wine. A look as if he was walking on clouds immediately appeared on his face, like he was really comfortable to the max.

Wu Xuan did not speak. He just took a sip one after another in this manner and drank this cup of wine entirely in just a short while.

Ye Yuan smiled. Likewise, he picked up his cup but downed it all at once.

This low-grade Immortal Remembrance Jade Liquid, Ye Yuan simply could not be bothered to savor the wine.

In his previous life, what Ye Yuan drank were all heaven-grade Immortal Remembrance Jade Liquid. The taste was on a completely different level from this low-grade one.

He placed the cup on the table, and gave Ye Yuan a big thumbs up as he praised, "Using southern sandalwood cups to hold the wine, the taste and flavor improved at least 10% from before! Younger Brother, you’re truly impressive!"

Ye Yuan chuckled and said, "Elder Brother don’t make fun of me. Little Brother, I, merely just happened to know it, that’s all."

But Wu Xuan said with a laugh, "As far as I know it, in this Endless Forest, only Fu Yunjing alone knows how to brew this wine. He also accidentally obtained this secret recipe in a cave somewhere when he was wandering the Endless Forest in his early years. That secret formula also stated that the Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew is divided into five grades. It’s just that the secret recipe only had the brewing method for the low-grade on it. The middle-grade’s brewing method was incomplete. I see that Younger Brother seems to be very familiar with this Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew. Could it be that . . . you’ve drunk this wine before in the past?" FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Ye Yuan knew that Wu Xuan was trying to understand his background by beating around the bush, so he said with a smile, "Not only have I drank it before, I even know how to brew it. If Elder Brother is interested, I can pass this low-grade brewing method to Elder Brother."

Wu Xuan nearly jumped up when he heard that and said excitedly, "Is Younger Brother for real?"

Ye Yuan said with a smile, "Look at what you’re saying. Would I scam Elder Brother?"

"That’s great! Haha! Fu Yunjing that old fellow is always showing off his Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew in front of me. Wait until I brew this Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew. See if he still dares to show off in front of me!"

Wu Xuan was like a kid in a fit of pique right now, wishing to run in front of Fu Yunjing to posture a round right away.

Seems like Wu Xuan had most likely been nursing grievances in front of that Fu Yunjing for a very long time!

Thinking about it, that was right. This low-grade Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew was naturally not considered much in Ye Yuan’s eyes. But in the Endless World, it was a top-grade fine wine.

Fu Yunjing possessing such a secret recipe and showing it off a bit in front of his companions was also human nature.

Furthermore, it seemed like that Fu Yunjing and Wu Xuan were both people who loved alcohol greatly. Otherwise, Wu Xuan could not possibly have southern sandalwood wine cups here.

"This low-grade Immortal Remembrance Jade Brew’s brewing method seems to have some flaws. The taste doesn’t seem to be very orthodox. Elder Brother, when you use my method to brew this wine, I presume that the taste should be able to be improved tremendously," Ye Yuan said with a smile.

. . . . . .

While Ye Yuan and Wu Xuan, the two of them were drinking wine and having a good talk, Cao Fang currently had his nose pointed at by Cao Zheng, and the former was being scolded severely.

"You fool! You knew perfectly well that that boy is the honored guest that the Three Sects and Ren Xingchun invited, and you actually dared to use this kind of method to provoke him! Are you going to squander away all the reputation that my Cao Family has garnered for thousands of years? If the Thousand Query Wall collapses, my Cao Family will no longer have the opportunity to rise up again! Do you understand?! How many times have I told you, don’t hang out with those riffraff friends! Place your sights on Ren Dong! If you’re unable to surpass him, my Cao Family will continue to be suppressed by the Ren Family!"

Cao Zheng had a face like he had expected better from him. Clearly, he was greatly exasperated by Cao Fang.

The swelling on Cao Fang’s face had long subsided. But that five fingerprint mark still remained on his face.

Being reproached badly by Cao Zheng at this time, how could he dare to talk back?

Cao Zheng scolded for a long time before saying fiercely, "Tomorrow, you bring along gifts and personally go to Feng Ya Pavilion to apologize to Ye Yuan! You must get his forgiveness! Otherwise, if he throws a tantrum and doesn’t take part in the Endless Meet the day after tomorrow, you’ll be smacked to death by Qin Hongtao the three of them!"