Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Talking up to here, Xu Zihui sneaked a glance at Ye Yuan, only seeing that he did not have a displeased look.

Xu Zihui pluck his courage and said, "You are blood-related kin in the end. Even if City Lord has all kinds of faults, the fact that he’s your grandfather can’t be changed. Since you’re all one family, why is there a need to cause a scene to such an extent? Regardless of what he has done, his original intention was for the Ren Family, no?"

But Ren Xingchun was enraged when he heard that, "Xu Zihui, do I need you to poke your nose into other people’s business? How can this City Lord’s merits and faults be appraised by you?!"

Ren Xingchun thought very highly of Xu Zihui all along. Otherwise, that blow just now, Xu Zihui would have already gone to the western paradise.

But no matter how highly he regarded him, Xu Zihui was also just a subordinate of his.

A subordinate saying his master had ’all kinds of faults’ in front of his face, with Ren Xingchun’x temperament, how could he preserve face?

Ye Yuan said with Xu Zihui with a smile, "You see, he doesn’t care about your kindness!"

But Xu Zihui did not have any embarrassed look and shook his head as he said, "City Lord’s temper, I’m aware. This life of mine was given by City Lord. Whether he accepts my grace or not is his problem. But whether I do it or not is mine! Since Ye Yuan you have a good opinion of me and call my Brother Zihui, then even if I die, I’m also not willing to see you grandfather and grandson fall out and become enemies."

Ye Yuan glanced at Xu Zihui and shook his head as he said with a sigh, "Brother Zihui is very loyal. To be able to make friends with Brother Zihui is truly Ye Yuan’s fortune!"

Ye Yuan’s words were naturally not said for fun. If there weren’t Xu Zihui, Ye Hang would probably be long dead at this time already. And the current situation would also definitely not be how it was right now.

If Ye Hang really died, Ye Yuan would surely go into a frenzied state. Even if Ren Xingchun were Ye Yuan’s grandfather, he would definitely kill him personally too.

Ye Yuan recognized Ye Hang this father, but it did not mean that he recognized Ren Xingchun this ’grandfather’!

If he really killed Ren Xingchun, Ye Yuan would not have any psychological burden at all.

If not for Xu Zihui this person being so upright, even if he knew Ye Yuan and Ye Hang’s relationship, he might not be able to withstand Ren Xingchun’s pressure and take a principled action.

Ren Xingchun’s prestige all these years in Wu Fang City was still exceedingly terrifying.

This situation currently, although Ye Yuan was extremely displeased, it was still not at the extent of falling out entirely. Especially under the circumstances where he held the initiative.

Ye Yuan slowly came in front of Ren Xingchun and extended his hand to say, "Give it!"

Ren Xingchun was stunned. "Give what?"

"Healing medicinal pills!" Ye Yuan said coolly.

Ren Xingchun looked at Ye Yuan and glanced at Xu Zihui again, his expression flickering continuously.

He knew that this was the last chance Ye Yuan was giving him. If he refused to give the medicinal pills, his relationship with Ye Yuan would most likely be unable to be mitigated forever.

Ren Xingchun could sense that Ye Yuan’s stubbornness was absolutely not beneath his.

But handing over the medicinal pills was equivalent to him lowering his head to Ye Yuan.

He injured his subordinate but used his own medicinal pills to heal. This by itself was a form of submission. Yet, Ren Xingchun was an extremely tyrannical person. There had only ever been others lowering their heads to him. Where was there the part of him submitting to others?

Everyone held their breaths, awaiting Ren Xingchun’s choice.

With this falling out, Ye Yuan and the Ren Family would probably have no way of getting together again.

Xu Zihui did not say anything by the side. He had interacted with Ye Yuan for a period of time too and more or less understood a bit of Ye Yuan’s personality.

He was extremely domineering facing a leviathan like the Myriad Sword Sect and directly detained Qin Hongtao’s grandson.

Now, facing a Ren Xingchun, Ye Yuan being able to do it to such a step was already giving him tremendous face.

As for how he chose, it would be up to Ren Xingchun himself.

Ren Xingchun felt his heart beat very fiercely. He froze there without moving for a long time.

He never thought that he would actually be checkmated by his own grandson.

Facing Ye Yuan’s overbearingness, Ren Xingchun actually had dread in his heart!

Ren Xingchun was perfectly clear about Ye Yuan’s ability. Once the Ren Family had Ye Yuan, it was far from as simple as having a descendant with an exceptionally promising future.

Ye Yuan’s prowess by itself was already ample to astonish everyone!

The Cao Family’s dread towards Ye Yuan right now simply could not be described using words.

Originally, Ren Xingchun was also extremely wary of Ye Yuan. But if Ye Yuan joined the Ren Family, the Cao Family was completely nothing to be scared of!

With Ye Yuan, the Ren Family would have an additional living Thousand Query Wall!

"Faster! My patience has a limit!" Ye Yuan said with a frown.

Ren Xingchun drew a deep breath and took out a Tier 4 healing medicinal pill from his storage ring. He slammed it sullenly on Ye Yuan’s palm.

Seeing this scene, everyone heaved a long sigh in relief.

Ye Yuan lightly swept a glance over the medicinal pill in his palm and said disdainfully, "A dignified peak Alchemy Sovereign can only refine this sort of rubbish medicinal pill? Forget it, who ask me to be unable to refine Tier 4 medicinal pills. Brother Zihui, you make do with these and take them."

As he said this, Ye Yuan casually threw the medicinal pill to Xu Zihui. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Ren Xingchun’s face went black, and he said furiously, "Stinking brat, this Azure Flower Jade Dew Pill is the highest grade healing medicinal pill in Wu Fang City! You actually say that it’s rubbish?"

Ye Yuan said crossly, "An exalted peak Alchemy Sovereign refining a Tier 4 medicinal pill can only come out with just high-grade. You have the face to take them out?!"

Ren Xingchun said with a cold smile, "Who doesn’t know how to brag?! If you have the capabilities, refine one yourself for me to see!"

Ye Yuan chuckled but did not speak. But the contempt in his expression stimulated Ren Xingchun greatly.

He had yet to flare up when Ren Dong interjected, "Grandfather, if Master he broke through to the Alchemy King Realm, refining transcendent-grade Azure Flower Jade Dew Pills should be not an issue!"

"You rascal! Why are you helping outsiders? Also, he’s your cousin! What are you calling him master for?!"

Hearing Ren Dong cut in, Ren Xingchun immediately blew up and directly shouted.

But Ren Dong grinned cheekily and said, "You already said that he’s my cousin. How is it helping outsiders? Furthermore . . . we’re each involved differently. It doesn’t affect any thing! Since I acknowledged Cousin as my master, he’ll be my master in this lifetime!"

Ren Xingchun’s face went black, and his figure moved, carrying Ren Dong in his arm.

"Stinking brat! Still being stubborn! Watch if I don’t take care of you properly when we return! Also, you, Yujie! Go back and face the wall to reflect!"

As he said, Ren Xingchun’s figure moved, vanishing from inside Feng Ya Pavilion.

Seeing Ren Xingchun’s distant back view, Xu Zihui said gratefully, "Young Master saved face for City Lord. Zihui is endlessly grateful!"

Xu Zihui perceived that after Ye Yuan took the medicinal pill earlier, he deliberately displayed a disdainful look as an impromptu jest. This way, everyone would not appear to be overly awkward.

Although Ye Yuan forced Ren Xingchun to lower his head, he was after all one of the top alchemists in this small world.

This face still had to be given.

Ye Yuan had a black face as he said unhappily, "What young master? Why are you at it again? Just call me Ye Yuan in future! Over here at my place, you’re not a subordinate but a friend!"