Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 614: Cat and Mouse?

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Purple electric snakes danced wildly in the air. A colossal energy pressure crushed everyone until they could not breathe, including Ye Yuan himself.

The power of this Void Escape Thunderous Explosion Talisman seriously somewhat exceeded his expectations.

Lan Shun only struggled for a bit slightly and was engulfed by the frenzied electric snakes.

The attacks of the two Divine Traversing Realm experts were annihilated like this by the electric snakes. It did not even stir up a wave.

The corners of Shangguan Yunrong’s mouth involuntarily twitched a little. Clearly, he was intimidated by the scene before his eyes too.

If he had swapped places with Lan Shun earlier, then the one being electrocuted to charcoal right now would be him!

Void Escape Thunderous Explosion Talisman was indeed well-deserving of its reputation!

Right at this time, the Crimsonlight great army that already escaped very far away was startled right now as well.

“En? This . . . What’s going on? What a powerful undulation!” Chu Shi’s expression changed as he said.

Chu Shi and the others exchanged glances and guessed the answer very quickly.

Such a powerful undulation, it definitely was not done by a Soul Sea Realm experts. Then it could only be . . . Divine Traversing Realm!

“Divine Traversing Realm powerhouse! A Divine Traversing Realm powerhouse definitely arrived! M-Mister Ye he . . .” Zhu Changzhi somewhat choked up even when speaking.

Liu Hong, the four people, similarly exchanged glances. They all saw thick worry from the other party’s eyes.

“City Lord Su, you bring the others away. The four of us will go back and have a look at the situation!” Qin Yan said solemnly.

“No way! Want to go back, it should be me too! The strength of the few of you is still weak. Facing Divine Traversing Realm experts, you simply don’t have the power to resist. I’m at any rate a peak Ninth Level Soul Sea. I more or less still have some chance to escape alive. I’ll return!” Su Hu directly refused.

“We don’t care about other people. The three of us must go back! Mister Ye’s grace towards us is tantamount to giving us a new lease on life. Even if we die, we have to return too!” Zhu Changzhi said resolutely.

“I’m going back too!”

“I’m returning as well!”

. . . . . .

For a time, the Crimsonlight great army’s upper echelons were locked in a fierce dispute, all fighting to go back.

“Alright! Stop arguing! Ding Qi, you bring the others and continue heading north towards Fairsun City to deliver the news. Tell them that the Fierce Gale World’s Divine Traversing Realm experts have already joined the war. Let the alliance make preparations early! City Lord, four sirs, since everybody is concerned with Mister Ye’s safety, then how about we go back together?”

At this time, Chu Shi was steady and composed, and he actually had a demeanor of a commander-in-chief; simply like two different person from that sort of ruffian manner previously.

Even though Su Hu’s strength was the greatest among these people, but faintly, Chu Shi actually became the person whose words had the heaviest weight.

“Fine. Since that’s the case, then let’s go back together!” Su Hu nodded and said.

Qin Yan nodded his head too, expressing agreement.

. . . . . .

“This Void Escape Thunderous Explosion Talisman, I’ve only heard of its name as well. I didn’t expect that its power is actually so terrifying! Truly didn’t think that you actually still had such a major killing tool! It’s also fortunate that two people came together this time. Otherwise, we’d really be powerless against you!” Shangguan Yunron looked at Ye Yuan and said coolly.

Indeed, as he expected, Ye Yuan was sapped dry of essence energy by the Void Escape Thunderous Explosion Talisman. At this time, he became incomparably weak.

In Shangguan Yunrong’s eyes, Ye Yuan was already a lamb awaiting slaughter.

A martial artist without essence energy, what actions could he still take?

He could tell that Ye Yuan was recovering essence energy on the sly. Furthermore, the speed was very swift. But he was not in a hurry at all.

Even if Ye Yuan’s recovering speed was any faster, it was also not possible to recover to his peak state within a short time.

During this process, he had plenty of time to kill Ye Yuan.

As long as Ye Yuan was unable to unleash the Void Escape Thunderous Explosion Talisman again, so what if he let him fully recover essence energy?

Shangguan Yunrong was a Third Level Divine Traversing Realm super expert. Even if Ye Yuan recovered essence energy, how could he possibly be his match?

“Heh, do you think that . . . you can do anything to me now?” Ye Yuan panted and said.

It was just that these words in Shangguan Yunrong’s view were entirely a dead duck having a stubborn mouth.

Martial artists in battle, the greatest taboo was fully expending all of their essence energy. That way, he would not have any capital to protect himself anymore.

Without the support of essence energy, no matter how powerful the martial technique, it was no use too.

“Huhu,

stop doing futile things. Do you think that I’ll give you the chance to recover essence energy?” Shangguan Yunrong suddenly unleashed a palm as he was speaking.

This palm was very casual. But it did not have the intention of putting Ye Yuan to death.

Bang!

Ye Yuan was struck flying out, directly spewing out a mouthful of blood.

The essence energy that he had just amassed was directly dissipated by this palm.

Shangguan Yunrong came in front of Ye Yuan and said with a faint smile, “Do you know how cats catching mice are done? After they catch the mouse, they will set the mouse free, then catch again, and release again. Repeating like this over and over again, all the way until the mouse is completely drained of energy. I know that you’re unresigned. But right now . . . you’re just a mouse that’s being toyed with by me.”

As he said, Shangguan Yunrong unleashed another palm, sending Ye Yuan flying out.

Ye Yuan stood up, wiped away the fresh blood at the corners of his mouth, and looked at Shangguan Yunrong as he said with a miserable smile, “Looks like your Shangguan Family are all a bunch of psychos! Do you feel that you, a dignified Divine Traversing Realm expert, having your life threatened by me, a Sea Transformation Realm junior, is very humiliating? So you want to find a mental equilibrium like this right now?”

Shangguan Yunrong’s expression froze. Flinging his hand, it was another palm strike!

He had his thoughts laid bare by Ye Yuan and could not help becoming enraged from embarrassment.

Just as Ye Yuan predicted, he was indeed very furious earlier. That feeling of his life being held in the hands of others made him very displeased.

Even though he maintained quite a distance away from Ye Yuan just now, If Ye Yuan really threw the Void Escape Thunderous Explosion Talisman at him, he did not dare say that he could withdraw unscathed either.

The power of the Void Escape Thunderous Explosion Talisman was too strong!

Lan Shun did not even leave behind bone ashes under the Void Escape Thunderous Explosion Talisman!

If not for Ye Yuan doing it for the sake of ensuring that he could kill a Divine Traversing Realm expert, he, Shangguan Yunrong’s, most optimistic state right now would also be the outcome of severe injuries.

Hence, when Ye Yuan exhausted his essence energy, he was not in a hurry to kill Ye Yuan but wanted to give vent to the resentment in his heart for a bit.

“So what if yes? You already can’t use the Void Escape Thunderous Explosion Talisman now. I just want to mess with you to death. What can you do to me?” Shangguan Yunrong suddenly became savage.

As Shangguan Yunrong was talking, his palm struck again. He did not mind going through the trouble to play this game.

Bang!

Ye Yuan was sent flying once more, his entire body covered in blood, looking very miserable. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Seeing Ye Yuan like this, Shangguan Yunrong was very delighted in his heart.

“Do you feel that you’re a genius; you feel that nobody in this world is your match? Don’t you know that killing a genius is something with a great sense of accomplishment? Hahaha! Beg me! Beg me to let you off! Maybe I’m in a good mood and will really spare you from death!” Shangguan Yunrong said in a crazed state.

As he said, Shangguan Yunrong lifted his hand, and it was another palm strike.

Yet, right at this time, he suddenly saw Ye Yuan smiling at him.

That smile seemed to be mocking his ignorance and woe.

Shangguan Yunrong’s expression changed, and all the hairs on his body stood on its ends. A feeling of immense danger came with a surge.