Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 649: Essence Fire Abnormal Change

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Xiong Tie naturally did not have anything to feel worried about. He exited Ye Yuan’s room fully satisfied and contented and instructed that no one was allowed to come and disturb Ye Yuan.

Of course, the tight encirclement laid down previously, he did not recall it.

As the young lord, Xiong Tie’s intellect was much better compared to Xiong Hui’s.

Without seeing the hare, why would he release the falcon?

After Xiong Tie left, Ye Yuan started to let the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame absorb the firesource power.

Ye Yuan was an expert in playing with fire. The speed of him absorbing the firesource power was completely not what Xiong Zhang could compare to.

Basically, he could finish absorbing a piece of Firesource Crystal roughly every 15 minutes or so.

At the rate of this absorbing speed, logically speaking, the fire poison would flare up very quickly. But to Ye Yuan, this was not an issue at all.

Ye Yuan had refined the Origin Magnetism Spirit Wood and was already impervious to a hundred poisons. Even if he did not have the Origin Magnetism Spirit Wood, refining the fire poison was also just something which expended a little effort.

If Ye Yuan could be corroded by some puny little fire poison, then he, an Alchemy Emperor, would also be a waste.

The Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus greedily absorbed the firesource power. Its aura became increasingly stronger.

Originally, there were only four petals on the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus. But at this time, the fifth petal was currently faintly discernible. This was precisely the hallmark of it evolving to become Tier 5.

In the entire secret chamber, a pale-yellow light halo dispersed. Furthermore, there was a trend of getting increasingly flourishing.

All of a sudden, an extremely blinding light filled the entire secret chamber, shining until people could not open their eyes at all.

When the light faded away, Ye Yuan knew that the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus finally advanced ranks!

After advancing ranks, the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus came onto Ye Yuan’s palm with a slight flash. Only to see it bowed its body slightly at Ye Yuan. That manner actually seemed like thanking Ye Yuan.

Ye Yuan had heart-to-heart telepathy with the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus long ago and naturally knew what meaning it was expressing.

“Don’t need to be like this. You and I have long become one already. I naturally won’t abandon you and leave. Helping you advance ranks was also the promise that I gave you back then. Now, it can also be considered as fulfilling the promise. In the future, if there is the chance, I’ll naturally help you to go even further!” Ye Yuan said with a smile.

The Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus was a psychic object. Back then, when the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus was subdued with Ye Yuan, Ye Yuan only had Spirit Condensation Realm cultivation.

And now, several years had passed. The Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus actually could not quite keep up with Ye Yuan’s footsteps. It invariably worried a little that Ye Yuan would forsake it.

Although it did not have human intelligence, following Ye Yuan for so long, its instincts told it that following Ye Yuan would have different encounters.

In reality, the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus’s evolution speed these few years was far more rapid than it cultivating itself.

A short two to three years time and it evolved from a Tier 4 essence fire to become a Tier 5 essence fire.

If the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus slowly evolved itself, it also might not even be able to finish evolving in several decades to a hundred years.

Therefore, its dependent relationship with Ye Yuan had already completely switched positions; becoming it clinging completely onto Ye Yuan.

The current Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus already could not do without Ye Yuan.

Hearing Ye Yuan’s words, the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus startled trembling slightly, as if it was restraining itself from jumping with joy. If not for it having a lotus flower form, Ye Yuan would even feel that this was a small child.

This discovery involuntarily startled Ye Yuan. Could it be . . .

“Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus, release the Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame!” Ye Yuan said to the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus.

“Huuuu . . .”

The Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus immediately puffed out a bundle of flames, scaring Ye Yuan until he stepped back promptly, almost burning his eyebrows to a char.

“Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus, fly one round around the secret chamber!” Ye Yuan said again.

Indeed, the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus started flying around the secret chamber very obediently.

Following that, Ye Yuan tried out several commands again. The Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus actually completed them without exception!

This discovery made Ye Yuan pleasantly surprised!

The Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus after advancing ranks actually unlocked intellect!

Although the intellect right now was still very weak, without any doubt, it really gave birth to intelligence!

In the past, although Ye Yuan could control the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus, that was because he refined the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus and the flame lotus was like his servant that must do things according to his commands.

But just now, Ye Yuan did not deploy the flame lotus. He only used words to communicate with the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus, and the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus completely understood his commands!

This indicated that the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus already had its own consciousness!

Ye Yuan naturally knew that essence fires could give birth to intellect under coincidental lucky chances. But it required an extremely heaven-defying fortuitous encounter.

The vast majority of Tier 9 essence fire, though the power was heaven-defying, was just a killing or pill refining machine too. They were without intellect.

Ye Yuan did not think that him helping the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus evolve actually let it to have an intellect!

Essence fires with intellect and essence fires without intellect were two entirely different concepts.

Essence fires with intellect would cultivate consciously, just like humans, and not rely entirely on instincts.

This way, the cultivation speed would increase tremendously, and the evolution speed would also get faster.

The Divine Realm and hundreds of millions of small worlds, the number of essence fires they had were too many to count. But only an extremely few numbers of essence fires could evolve successfully. And the vast majority of essence fires would all dissipate between heaven and earth in the end.

Although the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus was an existence that stood out above the masses among Tier 4 essence fires, without Ye Yuan’s diligent nurturing these few years, its final outcome would also just be returning to nature.

The Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus giving birth to intellect made Ye Yuan very surprised.

He only felt that with the current conditions, chances of obtaining a new essence fire again was very low. Hence, he focused on nurturing all along, hoping to nurture the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus to become Tier 5.

He did not expect that with an unintentional sowing, the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus actually unlocked intelligence on its own.

“Heh heh, since you’ve already unlocked intelligence, then you’ll be my vital essence fire in the future. From today onwards, you’ll be called Fiery. I hope that you’ll give birth to a primordial spirit soon and achieve a primordial spirit body!” Ye Yuan said smilingly.

The Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus’s petals opened and closed. Clearly, it was very happy with Ye Yuan’s words.

When essence fires unlocked intelligence, after it evolved to a certain stage, it would give birth to a primordial spirit. This primordial spirit was similar to a human’s divine soul, while the flame lotus’s main body would be equivalent to the physical body. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

At that time, the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus would be roughly the same as a human. Furthermore, it also had the chance to assault the Deity Realm!

In the Divine Dao Era, although instances of essence fires becoming deities were few, it was also not without.

Moreover, once essence fires became deities, the might of their strength was unimaginable.

To Ye Yuan, the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus becoming his vital essence fire was undoubtedly the best option.

The Cleansing Sandal Sacred Flame’s powerful purifying power was an alchemist’s greatest assistance. Once it evolved to become a Tier 9 essence fire, that might would be inconceivable; absolutely the essence fire that all alchemists yearned for even in their sleep!

“Come. Since you’ve already advanced, let’s go and remove poison for that bear clan’s clan head! There is nothing more suitable than using your purifying power to treat fire poison!” Ye Yuan said smilingly.

Regarding Xiong Zhan’s fire poison, if not because he had an existence like the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus, Ye Yuan would really be at a loss on what to do.

No matter how powerful Ye Yuan was, he could not possibly refine Tier 6 medicinal pills too. But with the formidable purifying power of the Cleansing Sandal Flame Lotus, that was why Ye Yuan dared to guarantee this.

When Ye Yuan came out, Xiong Tie had already waited for a long time outside. Seeing Ye Yuan come out so quickly, Xiong Tie was also slightly surprised.

This was only less than a day’s time, and he already completed refining that many Firesource Crystals?