Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1116 The Full Firepower of the Strongest Mechanic

The aftermath of the collision between the two Mechanical Deities stirred up the atmosphere of the planet, forming a huge vortex. The clash between the weapons constantly released sparks of electricity, distorting the viewers’ perception of space. The Mechanical Force was akin to a neural network, circulating around the body of the Mechanical Deities, turning the huge mechanical structure into a part of one’s body. The Celestial Punishment Edge collided against Manison’s trident again and again, setting off circles of energy shock waves that were visible to the naked eye. They swept across the sky of the planet, raising an endless gale.

The earth was disturbed to the point that sand and rocks were flying around, with every inch of the ground cracking, and even the Machinery Faith Colony seemed to be teetering on the edge of collapse. Because the body of the Mechanical Deity was too large to completely display their fighting prowess on the planet, the two fought as they ascended higher, leaving the atmosphere and making outer space their battlefield. Their secondary dimensional army boxes were still sending out troops, and the scale of the battle continued to expand.

Clank!

As the purple trident stabbed at him, Han Xiao blocked it by holding the halberd horizontally, and the majestic energy wrapped along the trident collided with his psionic shield, causing it to continuously flicker.

In the channel, Manison’s voice sounded out. “Celestial Punishment Edge? That’s a weapon I threw away long ago.” “It all depends on who is using the weapon.” Han Xiao’s eyes focused, and he squeezed the handle and twisted. Psionic energy burst out, and he took the chance to flick away the trident.

However, the trident vibrated and shot out a phantom copy. Under the assistance of the force field guidance, the rebounding force was converted into a propelling force. The trident only bounced back slightly before it stopped and shot back with an even faster speed. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Han Xiao took a defensive position, resisting Manison’s concentrated attacks whilst his thoughts ran fast, analyzing the current situation.

My Celestial Punishment Edge’s blueprint came from the Federation of Light, and Manison likely understands the characteristics of this weapon. But I have a limited understanding of the weapon in his hands, so I need to play defensive and test the waters

some more...

The lethality of a Universal Treasure weapon far exceeded its ordinary counterparts, so the Mechanical Deities chose to engage in close combat. Only in this manner could they break through each other’s thick shields with only half the effort.

Old Man Manison had rich combat experience, and while Han Xiao did not know if he possessed any Universal Treasure level Space Wonders, he definitely had quite a few Universal Treasure mechanical devices, much more than Han Xiao himself.

The trident, as well as the cloak and armor his deity possessed, were definitely at the level of Universal Treasures, but it was unknown just how many more he had.

Activating his Mechanical Deity meant that Manison was going all out. Han Xiao had no doubt about his opponent’s endurance. If he was unable to utilize the Mechanical Deity for an extended period of time, he would not lay down all his cards at the start.

Both Manison and I are here with our avatars, and both sides are using Mechanical Deities. It is impossible to easily crush the other’s avatar, so it will become a battle of attrition against whose troops are better...

Thinking about this, Han Xiao glanced at the interface.

Just as the two of them started to attack each other, a new mission appeared on his interface. [Mechanic Emperor Manison-Mechanical Deity Battle!]

The mode of the mission was the same as the other missions that involved challenging Beyond Grade As. He could complete the mission so long as he held on for a certain period of time. The rewards were also similar, having Character Summon Cards and getting to randomly draw a skill.

This was within Han Xiao’s expectations. With the three Universal Civilizations present and so many Beyond Grade A onlookers, the influence of this battle was definitely not small and was bound to trigger the mission. Both of them would also not be able to distinguish victory and defeat for a while, so completing the mission was basically a given.

Last time, it was only battling in the Virtual World. This time, fighting him in reality, I can finally see what it’s like when Manison goes all out.

Han Xiao suddenly felt the attacks cease and saw that Manison had retreated a step back, in a stance to gain momentum.

blades started rotating rapidly like a drill bit. The golden Mechanical Force was highly compressed on the tip of the blade, shining with a strong, dazzling light akin to a small sun. As the blade rotated, the psionic energy was drawn into it and swirled along, producing a psychedelic effect similar to a water vortex.

Han Xiao’s senses were ringing in alarm, and the machinery under his control began to fire at Manison. However, layers of diamond-shaped psionic shields emerged on the surface of Manison’s Mechanical Deity, blocking out all the concentrated fire of the machinery.

Whoosh!

Manison’s figure suddenly blurred, and he accelerated in an instant, the shining trident thrusting out so quickly it turned into a gold and blue beam.

Han Xiao held the halberd horizontally in defense and raised his Emperor’s Cape to generate a powerful shield.

Ka!

The trident was once again blocked by the halberd.

However, the golden blue piercing light continued unabated, shooting out from the main blade of the trident to pierce through his Emperor’s Cape, hitting the abdomen of his Machinery Deity.

Swoosh!

It tore through his abdomen, disappearing into the distance and leaving a huge penetrating wound in Han Xiao’s Mechanical Deity. All the parts within the beam were annihilated into molecular-grade fragments, and the edges of the wound showed fiery red melting marks.

What a powerful penetrating force! Han Xiao’s heart was shocked.

In terms of just strength, this trident was indeed higher than the Celestial Punishment Edge. It was not just because of the blueprint but also because the Mechanic Emperor’s creation was of a higher quality and possessed stronger Mechanical Force bonuses, which served as a multifaceted suppression. With just a thought, the surrounding mechanical soldiers stopped fighting, turning around and converging on him as they transformed into parts to supplement the gap in his Mechanical Deity.

The Mechanical Deity itself was already a structure composed of a large number of machines. As long as there were no fatal injuries and one had enough energy and machinery, they could recover from all sorts of injuries.

Manison was about to seize the opportunity to pursue his attack, but at this moment, a sudden change occurred.

Dense beams of dark energy shot out diagonally, blasting into Manison’s troops and exploding the shields of countless mechanical soldiers, disrupting the formation.

Both of them stopped moving, glancing toward the source of the attack. The third party that fired was the fleet belonging to the Crimson Dynasty, its countless battleship weapons constantly firing toward the Mechanic Emperor’s troops.

The dynasty came to aid me? Han Xiao had the thought in his heart but did not find it a surprise.

With the Mechanic Emperor as a negative example, Han Xiao destroying the virus core was considered good behavior in the eyes of the three Universal Civilizations, increasing his positive image by a lot. While the virus technology would not be made available, it was indeed an acceptable result.

that his own relationship with the Mechanic Emperor had soured, they naturally had to express their stance. Rationally, they could not just sit back and watch idly as an ally that had completed a feat beneficial to the peace of the universe fight alone. Thus, their probability of intervening in the battlefield was almost guaranteed.

However, the attitudes of the other two civilizations were more ambiguous, sitting by the sidelines with no intention of interfering.

The federation was not ignorant of Manison’s position, but it was another thing to show support to him now. After Manison just demonstrated his intention to hide the virus and antagonize the three Universal Civilizations, the federation obviously could not provide support at this time, so they sat on the sidelines and watched the dynasty attack their ‘ally’.

As for the church, this was not their business, so they happily sat at the side with popcorn.

The three Universal Civilizations’ troops that were stationed at the trap node were mainly there to prevent the Beyond Grade A from absconding with the virus, so they naturally possessed some measure of combat capabilities. While the spacetime anchor was now lifted, allowing the mechanics to summon troops on a large scale, and only the dynasty was currently shooting at him, Manison still could not afford to take them lightly.

“Annoying flies.” Manison gestured with his trident, and a portion of the mechanical soldiers emerging from the secondary dimensional army box split off, forming an array to exchange fire with the dynasty’s fleet.

The Army Style Mechanics were the Supers best suited for interstellar warfare. If it were any other profession, they were bound to be restrained by the suppressive firepower of the fleet. However, mechanics were able to take out a part of their soldiers to fight on their own, minimizing the restraining abilities of the fleet.

If they wished to cause considerable interference to the Mechanic Emperor going all-out, the scale of the dynasty’s troops had to be hundreds if not thousands of times larger.

Han Xiao understood that this was a short reprieve granted by the dynasty and immediately repaired the damage to his Mechanical Deity.

At this moment, Manison turned toward Han Xiao.

“Black Star, you seem to have grown once again. I’ve been watching you for a long time. The more battles you go through, the faster your growth. Is this the basis for your confidence?”

“Have you not battled for too long a time, to forget that running your mouth is to give opportunities to your opponent?” Han Xiao did not hesitate, and his Celestial Punishment Edge lashed out.

The psionic energy converged into a biting blue blade of light, slashing toward Manison’s body. The highly concentrated energy resembled a bright half-moon sapphire.

Manison, however, remained motionless. The Universal Treasure cloak on his body suddenly shook, and a spherical white shield covering his entire body popped out, giving off a hazy texture like a cloud of flowing white smoke.

The light blade from the Celestial Punishment Edge hit the white shield, and the smoke on the surface of the shield suddenly accelerated, turning into swirling patterns. The sapphire-colored light blade suddenly shattered, turning into motes of light and scattering into the sky.

The next moment, the energy spots seemed to be drawn and absorbed by the shield, and the now discolored shield was swallowed and retracted into the armor of the Mechanical Deity, converted into energy to supplement the consumption of the Mechanical Deity.

Absorbing damage to replenish energy?

Han Xiao’s eyes turned solemn.

“I was very interested in your Indestructible Body, and there are many similar abilities and magics in the universe, but none of them have reached to a degree comparable to yours. Thus, I specially researched into this and explored your ability principles through your battle videos. I finally created this Universal Treasure level equipment that is dedicated to the Mechanical Deity, imitating part of your abilities,” Manison faintly said. “It seems like the actual combat effect is quite good.”

Han Xiao felt his head ache, secretly envious of Manison.

The Mechanic Emperor could research and create his own Universal Treasure, unlike me, who had no idea what to do before I unlocked Awakening Points!

Just craft what you’re lacking in. This is the true style of a proper mechanic! At this moment, Manison slowly commented, “Black Star, you’re still too green. I’ve seen many talented Mechanics in my life. Before they were taught a lesson, they always thought that the strength of their talent could make up for the lack of accumulation. I once taught this lesson to many of them, and right now, I shall also teach you the same lesson. A Mechanic needs to settle down and accumulate. Time is our greatest source of strength!”

His voice echoed loudly in the wide area communication channel. At the same time, a different type of troop burst forward from his secondary dimensional army box.

This special unit possessed many different individuals. Some were luxuriously equipped special mechanical soldiers, while others were luminous energy beings. The combat power of each individual was amazing, and they killed their way into the battlefield as though unafraid of death, sweeping aside all of Han Xiao’s mechanical soldiers. And when these individuals were killed and destroyed, there was no need to utilize skills such as (Waste Modification). Their bodies automatically regenerated, and they went back into battle without any reduction in strength.

The moment these troops entered the battle, it overturned the entire situation, gaining an absolute advantage.

Han Xiao’s pupils shrank as he recognized the origin of this unit.

Manison’s Aces—the Indestructible Mechanic Empire! Without waiting for him to observe, Manison’s Apostle Weapons led the army, smashing into the battlefield from the other direction, causing huge casualties to Han Xiao’s troops.

Han Xiao took a deep breath.

Glancing roughly, he could tell that there were at least forty to fifty Apostle Weapons present!

This meant that Manison’s (Apostle Life Creation) skill had broken through the upper limit by forty to fifty levels at least!

In this violent clash, the scale of troops which Manison released accounted for about seventy percent of his total, and all of them were under the Mechanical Force bonuses. Manison still looked at ease, his Mechanical Force completely covering all the soldiers.

Assuming that one point of Mechanical Force for Han Xiao could give bonuses to ten soldiers, Manison’s Mechanical Force could aid over twenty-five!

This difference was not only due to Attribute, Talent, and Skills but also because of the gaps in their equipment.

Han Xiao personally saw Manison pulling out four more Universal Treasures dedicated to his Mechanical Deity from the secondary dimensional army box. All of the equipment types were different, not only allowing the Mechanical Deity to be armed to the teeth but also expanding its size. After using all these treasures, Manison’s Mechanical Deity increased significantly in strength.

Some Class-specific Universal Treasures would provide a certain increase to its user. For example, Han Xiao’s King suit could provide additional Machinery Affinity bonuses. Manison’s equipment was similar with all-round enhancements to his Mechanical Force and his body.

At the same time, Han Xiao realized that he had also been invaded on a virtual level. Manison had summoned Finette, the ancestor of the AI civilization, and allowed it to perform a Virtual Intrusion with a large group of Virtual Life Forms to fight with Han Xiao on a virtual level for control of the machinery.

“Old man, you really have a lot of methods...”

Just as Han Xiao had this thought, a flash of light appeared in front of him. He only saw the afterimage of Manison’s fully equipped Mechanical Deity, slamming down with the trident. He hurriedly raised his halberd to block, but the shock wave penetrated his body, jarring his ears with the sound.

Clank!

The terrifying force was transmitted along his arms, and the countless built-in shock absorbers were instantly scrapped. Large pieces of his outer armor cracked, and Han Xiao’s Mechanical Deity appeared to be full of cracks.

If he had not obtained the [Machinery Control Master) from Jackornitz, gaining an additional thirty-five percent efficiency bonus for his Mechanical suits, Han Xiao doubted that the arms of his Mechanical Deity would still be intact.

Manison, however, did not slow down in his attacks. Taking advantage of Han Xiao’s stun, the newly-equipped Universal Treasure wing-type self-automated Planetary Obliteration Cannon shot out a thick psionic beam with a diameter of more than a hundred meters.

Boom!

Han Xiao was blown away by the Planetary Obliteration Cannon, and his shield shattered under the continuous attacks. Manison followed, chasing after him, his trident spinning rapidly as it shot out waves of light, continuously dismembering the opponent’s Mechanical Deity.

The Mechanic Emperor had shown his true mettle, fully opening up the Mechanical Deity, machinery, and the Virtual layer, a three pronged attack!

Seeing this situation, the Beyond Grade A avatars on the sidelines avoided the aftermath of the battle, feeling the powerful suppressive aura of Manison flooding the area. They chatted quietly in their channel.

“It’s been a long time since I’ve seen Manison go all-out. It’s still so terrifying...” Kant recalled some bad memories.

“The Mechanic Emperor is still the Mechanic Emperor.” The Sun Hunter’s voice was subdued.

‘Mechanical Catastrophe’ Francisco shook his head. “It’s different from the battle in the Flickering World. This time, it’s an internal battle between two pinnacle Beyond Grade A Mechanics. Black Star is completely suppressed. Luckily, it was his avatar that came this time.”

The man in question, Han Xiao, who was being beaten up, did not know that he was a topic of conversation for the audience.

He was trying his best to resist Manison’s frenzied attack, gritting his teeth secretly.

F*ck, old man, you’re really good at fighting!

You’re really forcing me to ‘explode’!