Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1167 Felon

Above Planet Earth Ring, the formations of a black and a white enormous mechanical army clashed with each other like two dragons tearing each other apart. From afar, shattered mechanical parts fell like a thunderstorm. Tens of thousands of machines were destroyed every second.

Despite their gigantic sizes, the two Mechanical Deities were swift as they fought each other. The power of every clash of their weapons could shatter a planet and leave terrifying wounds on each other’s bodies. The repair speed could hardly keep up.

The aftershock of every clash of their weapons shattered a ton of mechanical troops that got too close. Occasionally, one of the Mechanical Deities would get blown away, shattering countless mechanical soldiers in its path like an elephant rolling through a bunch of ants.

There were countless artilleries, psionic cannons, and dark energy cannons all over the two Mechanical Deities, blasting away at each other’s shields.

As the fight carried on, the energy reaction of the battlefield kept increasing and caused chain reactions. Clusters of dense dark blue energy clouds with destructive power appeared, forming a similar environment to the Psionic Seal Rings of the three Universal Civilizations’ mother planets.

The clash between highly dense energy turned the battlefield into an extremely condensed, highly unstable energy field, twisting even the trajectory of light beams and making direct energy beams look curved or even bent.

Looking at the cosmic space through this battlefield was like looking through a strange layer of glass. All the stars had thousands of reflections that formed irregular shapes. From one glance, it was as if the universe was being shattered!

Clank!

The weapons clashed once again. Intense shockwaves penetrated the both of them. They stepped back and distanced away from each other at the same time.

Han Xiao looked at the Celestial Punishment Edge in his hands. There were a few cracks on the blade.

However, the ninth-generation Black Star Alloy was mixed into the Celestial Punishment Edge. Although its tenacity was not as high as the material that the Mechanic Emperor had invented, it had some of Han Xiao’s traits, so its recovery speed was faster in comparison, and the Celestial Punishment Edge’s durability would recover over time.

Not a lot of time had passed since Han Xiao’s arrival, but due to how fast both of them were, they had already fought for tens of thousands of rounds.

“You really are a magical person. When someone thinks they’ve studied you thoroughly, you always bring more surprises.”

Manison’s electronic eyes flickered. He looked down and inspected his equipment too. He had a rather complicated feeling.

The energy absorption Universal Treasure armor he had built based on Black Star’s Indestructible Body was already heavily damaged. Putting aside the fact that this equipment was not perfected, Black Star’s attacks were much stronger than before, which already exceeded the limits of this equipment.

Furthermore, every time Black Star used anything with the ‘Gaeta Shockwave Fist’ suffix, he would harass him in the private channel.

Manison had been counting. Up till now, Black Star had used that a total of twenty-seven times, all with different names and different ways of attack. Even with the knowledge he had, he still felt this technology was quite interesting

The damage to the Mechanical Deity was not an issue since it could be repaired by absorbing mechanical soldiers. However, some of the damage penetrated the Mechanical Deity and landed on his Lord’s Avatar at the Mechanical Deity’s core, causing his Lord’s Avatar’s durability to drop quite a bit. Manison’s avatar clearly had no Indestructible Body, so it would be over once it was shattered.

“You won’t be able to live up to your arrogant words like this. How about show me what you’ve really got if you want to take the Spacetime Amber away from me?”

Han Xiao swiped his hand over the Celestial Punishment Edge’s blade, quickly repairing the cracks, and smiled at old Manison.

“... We’re Virtual Mechanics, but your combat method is more like Mechanical Pug... ahem, Armed Mechanic. You’ve taken the wrong path, kid,” Manison said coldly.

“Does it matter if I can fight?” Han Xiao raised his brows.

“You’re right. There’s no limitation on power itself. Being able to fight is more important than anything else... That is why, I’m going to show you the true power of a Virtual Mechanic.”

Manison raised his arm and pointed his trident at the light gate of the secondary dimensional army box.

The next moment, the light gate rippled, and a large group of special mechanical soldiers flew out. It was his signature move—the Mechanic Empire, special mechanical soldiers built with AI lives.

However, the most eye-catching thing was not the Mechanic Empire but the three people in front of it. Their Beyond Grade A energy presences were not restrained at all, like three Fixed Stars in Han Xiao’s senses.

Han Xiao looked over. These three individuals were of different races, and their biological flesh was mixed with mechanical devices. It was clearly highly advanced mechanical prosthetics.

Intricate machinery covered all of their bodies. Most of their skin was changed into special alloy, and their faces were changed into metal masks, completely taking away their past appearances, only showing their modified electronic eyes that shone with red light.

“So, these are the Felons...” Han Xiao narrowed his eyes.

The Felons were old Manison’s last trump card. Using highly advanced biological engineering and mechanical prosthetic technology, he modified living Supers into powerful war weapons.

The organs of these Felons would be modified too, especially their brains. Through mechanical technology, he simulated biological tissues and changed their mind into something that could be artificially read and written on, changing their fundamental logic.

At the same time, using Virtual Technology, he uploaded the Felons’ consciousness to the quantum network, modifying their soul into Virtual Souls. Then, like other artificial intelligences, they became immune to all psychological and mental attacks, following his orders while maintaining their combat experience.

After the modification, Felons would keep most of their original abilities. As most of their flesh was modified or swapped out, they would not be as strong as before. However, because of the modification, they could enjoy part of the Mechanical Force bonuses from their controller. Although the conversion rate was not as high as the ordinary mechanical soldiers, they actually became even stronger than before!

“Modifying the living bodies of Beyond Grade As? Aren’t you afraid of the advanced civilizations and the development union causing trouble for you?” Han Xiao was crystal clear of the situation, but he still acted like he did not know anything on the surface. “Hehe, they are all my trophies from before. I have the right to do whatever I want to them. I built them long before the association was formed. As for the three Universal Civilizations, do you think they are completely unaware?” Manison’s tone was calm.

All the Beyond Grade As that were defeated by Manison had gone missing, so of course, the advanced civilizations and the Beyond Grade As had all kinds of speculations about it. Although they did not know of the Felons, they did suspect that the Mechanic Emperor had been doing such experiments. The Mechanic Emperor’s image as a research maniac was too strong; it was hard to imagine he would not study the Beyond Grade As that fell into his hands.

After all, he did not have the Spacetime Amber, which allowed him to open an exhibition like Black Star.

Manison basically never used this trump card because others would know more about it every time he used it. Also, he hardly met any enemy that needed him to use the Felons.

And Black Star was one of the extremely few that he had felt the need to use this trump card on. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Buzz!

Mechanical Force shot out and linked the three Felons.

The red light shined bright in the eyes of the three Felons, and their energy presence rocketed.

Buzz!

The Felon in the middle shivered, also released Mechanical Force and pulled the mechanical troops of Mechanic Emperor around him toward him.

The next moment, an enormous machine appeared. It had a humanoid appearance but also parts of a beast, five spear-like tails, and sharp claws extending from its fingers. It looked very grim and vicious.

The third Mechanical Deity had appeared!

Han Xiao’s eyelids jumped.

This meant that the original identity of this Felon was a Divine Throne Mechanic who had mastered (Composite Mechanical Deity)!

He could not help but think of the first time he met the Mechanic Emperor. Back then, old Manison mentioned that it was another Beyond Grade A who was behind the incident of his AI civilization, and he had turned him into part of his collection. Could this Felon be that guy?

Boom!

While he was speculating, this half-beast Mechanical Deity suddenly sped up and charged at him, its claws aiming for Han Xiao’s head.

Han Xiao responded immediately. He turned the blade of the Celestial Punishment Edge and slashed toward it.

Clank!

The two mechanical bodies clashed and trembled. The power of the half-beast Mechanical Deity was weaker, and it got blown away.

However, before Han Xiao could chase after it, he saw the half-beast Mechanical Deity swung its five tails and wrapped them around the Celestial Punishment Edge and the arm that was holding it. This enormous pulling force made Han Xiao stagger!

As for the enemy, not only did it prevent itself from getting blown too far back, it even closed the distance and got dangerously close to Han Xiao. Its claws wreaked havoc on Han Xiao’s armor, creating multiple claw wounds.

At the same time, Manison seized the opportunity and struck from the side. Han Xiao’s movements were severely disrupted, and he was not able to block it. His Mechanical Deity’s wrist got penetrated from front to back. “Hiss!”

The intense pain from the neural network made Han Xiao inhale deeply.

He could stay evenly matched against Manison alone, but he was not strong enough to fight two enemies at the same time.

This Mechanic Felon received Manison’s Mechanical Force bonuses, so its Mechanical Deity was extremely powerful. Even though it was not as strong as his or the Mechanic Emperor’s, it was not far from it. Even if he had to fight this Mechanical Deity one on one, he would still have to spend some time to defeat it.

Han Xiao turned around and saw that the other two Felons did not attack him but instead led the Mechanic Empire and charged into his mechanical army, tearing open his formation like a blade through butter.

One of these Felons seemed to be a Pugilist, and another seemed to be an Esper. They were unstoppable among the army, crushing Apostle Weapons one after another.

If this carried on, these two Felons would be able to dismantle all of his Apostle Weapons in less than two hours.

“Such astonishing strength...” Han Xiao sincerely felt this way. The Felons’ strength exceeded his expectations.

“Do you realize now how big a mistake it was to decide to fight me? I warned you, but you’ve disappointed me time after time!”

Psionic energy erupted from Manison’s trident and blasted Han Xiao’s Mechanical Deity in half.

The half beast Mechanical Deity instantly tore the chest of the Mechanical Deity open and snatched Han Xiao’s original body out from inside, grabbing him in its hands. At the same time, its five tails swung everywhere to destroy the mechanical soldiers around, preventing them from assembling into a Mechanical Deity again.

Han Xiao tried to struggle but could not escape the Mechanical Deity’s hands. Although his original body was not afraid of getting killed, he could not match up to a Mechanical Deity.

However, he did not panic at all. He looked up at the enormous Mechanical Deity and tutted. “The weakness of this ability is very clear. You need to bear the energy cost for three extra Beyond Grade As. How long can you last?”

“So what? Will it take that long to eliminate you?”

Manison did not deny this weakness.

The Felons lost a lot of cells that could produce energy for them after they were modified mechanically, so in order for them to still have Beyond Grade A strength, that energy they lost had to be provided. This had to come from Manison.

Although the special prosthetic and energy conversion technology used on the Felons allowed Manison’s Mechanical Force to be converted into energy that these Felons with different classes could still use, the conversion rate was no joke. For example, if a Felon used 100 points of energy, Manison had to spend 130 to 170 points of energy. Therefore, he could not last very long. Now that he used three Felons, he basically had to bear the energy consumption of five to six Beyond Grade As, including himself. If not because his energy recovery speed was extremely quick, he would have been sucked dry in seconds. Even so, the balance of his recovery cycle was tipped over, and his energy was dropping visibly. “You’re right. If this was before, I’d most likely have no choice but to run, sadly...”.

Han Xiao shook his head. Not only did he not panic, he even almost burst out laughing.

Old b*stard Manison, I have been waiting for you to use this!

You thought I’m only going to get your talents today?

My (Virtual Purification, Restore) has been waiting for a long time!

This time, Manison raised his enormous mechanical arm and wanted to take Han Xiao from the half-beast Mechanical Deity. However, halfway through, his arm was suddenly grabbed by the half-beast Mechanical Deity’s claw tightly and could not move further.

“Hmm?” Manison was confused. He looked at it and wondered, “What are you...”

Bang!

Before he finished, five tails dashed over and stabbed all into his face!

The Mechanical Deity was taken by surprise. Its brain exploded and turned into countless metal fragments!

The entire Mechanical Deity was sent out flying. A large wound was on its neck.

What happened?

The sudden change made Manison lost. He was appalled.

Why has my Felon suddenly turned against me?