Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1366 Realmless King

Realmless King? What the hell was that? It sounded quite scary. Han Xiao raised his brows with interest. It would have been slightly troublesome if the problem here was just a secondary dimension with strange rules. However, this was an actual sentient being that could communicate.

He felt as though he was in the deep sea. The huge water pressure came from all angles, covering the sky and earth. However, this bit of pressure only made his body tighten slightly, causing almost no damage. Compared to the Dragon Emperor’s force field, this bit of strength could not even be considered a massage. At most, it felt like he was wearing a tight suit.

The secondary dimension world was extremely dangerous, but once one reached the level of a peak Beyond Grade A, most dangers would no longer pose a threat, especially since he was one of the best among the peak Beyond Grade As. As long as this being was not an anomaly like the Celestial Star Alliance, it would not be a problem.

Han Xiao floated on the spot and ignored the pressure around him.

“What is Realmless King?”

As soon as he said that, another message came with an even more majestic aura.

“Realmless King was born in the Black Space Storm and rose from the void and unorthodoxy. He is the master of millions of dimensions, the hunter of millions of worlds. Any life form that enters his territory is a servant under the King’s authority!”

Woah! The scene suddenly turned magical.

“Not bad. With such a long title, I feel like he’s almost catching up to me.’ Han Xiao grinned.

It sounded like a powerful dimension deity entrenched in a deep layer secondary dimension. If an ordinary Beyond Grade A were to encounter it, their lives might be in danger. Unfortunately for them, he was not an ordinary Beyond Grade A. While he was deep in thought, this voice became more and more powerful, as if a huge bell was ringing in his mind, echoing with a powerful buzz. “Foreign life form, leave this place immediately, or I will expel you!”

“Wanna try?”

Han Xiao raised his brows and activated the cells in his body. It was as though he had activated a mini reactor and pumped out energy.

Chi!

Golden electric arcs shot out of his body, leaving a burning trail of light as if splitting the surrounding black sea. With a flip of his palm, a light blue psionic energy appeared in it, releasing spherical shock waves as if it was stirring up endless ripples on the surface of the sea.

Although he did not know what was going on in this secondary dimension, his previous probing was ineffective. It was most likely because he did use enough energy.

Because he was worried that he would hurt Harrison and the expedition fleet, Han Xiao did not explode the entire secondary dimension with too much energy. Instead, he controlled his energy output and increased it bit by bit.

At the start, there was no change. The explosive energy was like a rock sinking into the ocean, and it did not cause any reaction. However, after a while, the black liquid substance that filled the entire space started to vibrate. It seemed to have exceeded the limit of its endurance, causing huge waves.

Boom!

Amidst the tremors, Han Xiao could feel the strong undercurrents shooting toward him. At the same time, he felt a sharp pain in his brain as he got hit by the enemy’s mental attacks. However, to him, it was no different from scratching an itch. With just a blink, his HP was full.

There was something strange about this black liquid. It caused his energy perception to fail, and his radar to be ineffective. He could not find the other party, so he could only use violence to force the other party to appear. If this was a dimensional consciousness, then the dimension itself was the other party’s body. If he released energy inside, it would be equivalent to giving the other party an enema. The other party would not be able to last long. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Not long after, the entire space was shaking violently, as though it was going to explode and disintegrate at any time. The mental attacks were getting weaker and weaker, and extremely dangerous, but once one reached the level of a peak Beyond Grade A, most dangers would no longer pose a threat, especially since he was one of the best among the peak Beyond Grade As. As long as this being was not an anomaly like the Celestial Star Alliance, it would not be a problem.

Han Xiao floated on the spot and ignored the pressure around him. “What is Realmless King?”

As soon as he said that, another message came with an even more majestic aura.

“Realmless King was born in the Black Space Storm and rose from the void and unorthodoxy. He is the master of millions of dimensions, the hunter of millions of worlds. Any life form that enters his territory is a servant under the King’s authority!”

Woah! The scene suddenly turned magical.

“Not bad. With such a long title, I feel like he’s almost catching up to me.”

Han Xiao grinned.

It sounded like a powerful dimension deity entrenched in a deep layer secondary dimension. If an ordinary Beyond Grade A were to encounter it, their lives might be in danger. Unfortunately for them, he was not an ordinary Beyond Grade A.

While he was deep in thought, this voice became more and more powerful, as if a huge bell was ringing in his mind, echoing with a powerful buzz.

“Foreign life form, leave this place immediately, or I will expel you!” “Wanna try?” Han Xiao raised his brows and activated the cells in his body. It was as though he had activated a mini reactor and pumped out energy.

Chi!

Golden electric arcs shot out of his body, leaving a burning trail of light as if splitting the surrounding black sea.

With a flip of his palm, a light blue psionic energy appeared in it, releasing spherical shock waves as if it was stirring up endless ripples on the surface of the sea. Although he did not know what was going on in this secondary dimension, his previous probing was ineffective. It was most likely because he did use enough energy.

Because he was worried that he would hurt Harrison and the expedition fleet, Han Xiao did not explode the entire secondary dimension with too much energy. Instead, he controlled his energy output and increased it bit by bit.

At the start, there was no change. The explosive energy was like a rock sinking into the ocean, and it did not cause any reaction. However, after a while, the black liquid substance that filled the entire space started to vibrate. It seemed to have exceeded the limit of its endurance, causing huge waves.

Boom!

Amidst the tremors, Han Xiao could feel the strong undercurrents shooting toward him. At the same time, he felt a sharp pain in his brain as he got hit by the enemy’s mental attacks.

However, to him, it was no different from scratching an itch. With just a blink, his HP was full.

There was something strange about this black liquid. It caused his energy perception to fail, and his radar to be ineffective. He could not find the other party, so he could only use violence to force the other party to appear. If this was a dimensional consciousness, then the dimension itself was the other party’s body. If he released energy inside, it would be equivalent to giving the other party an enema. The other party would not be able to last long.

Not long after, the entire space was shaking violently, as though it was going to explode and disintegrate at any time. The mental attacks were getting weaker and weaker, and they were filled with pained emotions.

Han Xiao looked around and narrowed his eyes.

“Still not coming out? Do you really want me to inflate you?”

As soon as he said that, the pressure around him suddenly became lighter. The black liquid-like substance shrank and turned into a whirlpool. The black sea flowed into it like a bathtub filled with water had its plug pulled out.

As the black sea disappeared, Han Xiao’s energy perception quickly recovered, and his vision returned to normal.

This secondary dimension was a white world without anything. It was like the prototype of a secondary dimension that had yet to be fully formed. It was also like all matter was swept away by the receding black sea. In the distant horizon, there was a black vortex that was getting smaller and smaller, sucking away all the black matter. It was about to open a spatial rift and escape.

“Running? I will break your legs!”

Han Xiao opened his hands, and mechanical soldiers appeared one after another.

The mechanical army that appeared immediately released the binding force field and held onto this black mass, preventing it from moving. At the same time, they also used the secondary dimension spatial stabilization device to fix the spatial rift that the other party had torn out.

This black liquid was extremely strange and slippery. However, under the control of Han Xiao’s mechanical army, it was still frozen in place and turned into a high-density liquid state. It kept changing its shape as though it was struggling At the same time, its mental energy fluctuations spread out in all directions with this liquid at the center. The solemn atmosphere from before was gone, and only shock and anger were left. “Foreign life form! You will pay the price for your actions. Realmless King will take it from you!”

Han Xiao turned a deaf ear and told the mechanical army to increase the binding force field. He then took out a cylindrical container and stuffed the mass inside. The black mass was compressed into a fist-sized liquid that floated in the container. Tiny electric arcs were attached to it, causing the liquid to jolt nonstop. It was extremely painful.

This was a special equipment that he had used to capture Primal Esper Ability Entities. He did not expect it to be suitable for this strange substance.

After locking it in the container, the liquid finally stopped. Han Xiao knocked on the outside of the container and asked curiously:

“What are you? Also, did a fleet pass by here recently? Where did you take them?”

“So you’re looking for those people. Looks like you’re a high-level life form in the main material universe!” The mental fluctuation of this liquid was unstable, and it was already covered in a layer of fear. However, it soon turned into anger. “I’m just one of the guardians of the millions of dimensions. I’ve already offered them to the Realmless King. If you have the guts, go find him!”

“Offerings?” Han Xiao raised his brows. “Tell me everything you know... Forget it, since you’re not cooperating, I’ll just interrogate you.”

Han Xiao injected his Mechanical Force into the container, and the container was instantly filled with lightning, forming a mini ion thunderstorm. This liquid was like a bug trapped in an electric mosquito swatter, crackling from the electricity.

After torturing it for a while, Han Xiao finally got the information he wanted.

This liquid life form was an energy field type life form, born in the secondary dimension of a nurturing type life form. This black liquid was the shell given to it by the so-called Realmless King. It called itself one of the guardians of the million dimensions, the confidant (doubtful) of the Realmless King. Its name was Bobanica, meaning ‘Erosion’ and ‘Swallowing’.

Through this kind of black substance, the Realmless King devoured the matter and energy of the various dimensions and transformed them into his own ‘territory’. He occupied this area with a large number of guardians guarding the dimensions that he occupied.

The fleet that Harrison was in had indeed been taken away by him. Through the special connection between the black liquid and the Realmless King, it had used dimensional teleportation and sent them to the ‘King’s Land’ where the Realmless King was. This was the main job of a guardian like Bobanica. The life forms that had been intercepted and sent to the Realmless King were called ‘offerings’.

“Tsk, looks like I’ll have to find this Realmless King if I want to get them... I wonder if it’s a good or bad thing for Harrison to encounter something like this with his luck.”

Han Xiao stroked his chin.

He pondered for a few seconds, shook his head, changed into the Dimension Travel mechanical suit, set the coordinates given by Bobanica, and headed toward the Realmless King’s location.

In the middle of a secondary dimension, on a huge platform that looked like a black crystal, Harrison was floating in midair. His eyes wer closed, as though he had lost consciousness, but his face was filled with pain. One end of the black fog-like energy stream was connected to his glabella while the other end was connected to a gigantic black finger. Light flowed on the finger. The owner of the finger was a black entity the size of a mountain. It had a human form and had many heads and arms. It was sitting on a black throne—it was the Realmless King. After a while, the Realmless King retracted its energy stream, and Harrison lost the ability to float. He fell onto the platform and was still unconscious.

“Interesting. With that tree finding a new prey, I can harvest delicious souls again...”

The Realmless King let out a deep laugh, but in the ears of others, it would only be a frenzied roar.

As a powerful entity in a secondary dimension, the soul of a life form was a rare delicacy. However, it could not completely descend into the main material universe and could only project a portion of its power. Furthermore, the main material universe was extremely vast. Without coordinates, one could only wander the endless universe, and it was very difficult to find life.

At this moment, he had absorbed the memories of these life forms from the main material universe, learned the coordinates of the three Universal Civilizations, and also knew that the famous World Tree Civilization was fighting with them. In his eyes, this was a feast to harvest souls.

Under normal circumstances, even a powerful dimensional entity like him was afraid of the power of a Universal Civilization and was unwilling to provoke them.

However, if a Universal Civilization were to fall into war, the situation would be different. He still had the guts to take advantage of the situation.

“After provoking that tree, your doomsday is almost here. Hehe, rather than becoming its servants, you might as well become my food... However, the World Tree actually has the weakness of a main body? This is the first time I’ve learned of it.”

The Realmless King moved its body, producing a rustling sound like countless insects crawling

Then, countless eyes on his body turned to look at the unconscious Harrison on the platform. Greed and desire appeared in the eyes, but they quickly suppressed them. “It’s rare to meet a life form with such strong luck. If I eat you, my causal force will increase by a level... It’s a pity that the guy behind you isn’t easy to deal with. It would be better to make a deal with him.”

The Realmless King looked away.

From Harrison’s memories, he saw Han Xiao and knew that they had a close relationship.

He was extremely wary of the top-notch experts of the main material universe. It was precisely because of Black Star that he did not dare eat Harrison immediately. The Realmless King knew that this was one of the mediums of the causal force, but he did not intend to violate it. This was because there was a high chance that he would pay the price for violating the causal force. If he ate Harrison, the price would most likely be this Black Star coming to fight him to death.

Right at this moment, a black mass suddenly fell from the sky filled with black fog and floated in front of the Realmless King. It contained the emergency message from Bobanica before he was captured, showing the image of Han Xiao releasing energy to open up the black sea.

“Oh? He came so quickly. It seems like this useless thing, Bobanica, will not be able to escape his grasp. He will give me my coordinates. This is good too. Wait for him to come and find me.”

Seeing this, the Realmless King changed his posture and waited for Han Xiao to come. Black Star was very powerful and might be able to threaten his life, but the Realmless King did not panic at all.

In terms of secondary dimension exploration, the World Tree was far ahead of the three Universal Civilizations. Although the Realmless King had no dealings with the World Tree Civilization, he knew how to send a message to the World Tree Family.

The intelligence that he had obtained from the expedition team contained the coordinates of the secondary dimensions of the three Universal Civilizations as well as various other information. This was the best bargaining chip that he could use. He believed that the World Tree would be very willing to accept this gift

However, the Realmless King did not intend to tell them. After all, he did not want to have too much contact with the World Tree. In comparison, he was more interested in Black Star, the guest of a new Universal Civilization.