Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1388 Coexisting with the Heaven and Earth, All Things Are One with Me

No matter how shocked the four of them were, Han Xiao’s evolution continued to advance.

The surging golden Mechanical Force formed a huge energy whirlpool, spinning and expanding. Han Xiao’s figure was at the center, and he was already drowned by the endless light. As for this unlucky planet, it had been completely destroyed without a single trace left.

Boiling hot energy flowed through his body, and it was as if his cells and soul were burning intensely. He felt as if he had turned into a piece of steel, enduring the refinement time and time again.

Han Xiao endured the pain of the metamorphosis and stared at the notifications on the interface with his golden eyes.

(You have met the prerequisite: Activate the Apotheosis Promotion]

[Race Apotheosis activated!)

(Your life force has already reached the peak. You have opened a new world above the peak. The domain of True Gods is unfolding before you...]

(Your Racial Talent (Black Star God Race – Royal Bloodline) has received two exclusive Racial Talent slots.]

[Please select your preference for the exclusive Racial Talent]

Many options popped up on the interfaceAttack, Resistance, Machinery, Attribute Amplification, and so on. They were all options that could be chosen by the two new exclusive Racial Talents.

When Han Xiao advanced to the Beyond Grade A realm, he had created an exclusive racial talent, [Mechanical Genius). At this time, the Apotheosis of the race had given him two chances to create an exclusive talent, which was also a genetic talent that could be awakened in his descendants.

He thought about it and chose the ability strength increase and attribute enhancement. These two enhancements were more comprehensive.

As his new talents were not as enhanced as (Mechanical Genius), the effect would not be too strong After a few random draws, Han Xiao finally determined the effects of the two new exclusive racial talents.

[Divine Gene] : +10% Ability Power, +2% every Promotion

Current cumulative bonus: 46% [Natural Elite] : +10% All Attributes. From Level 1-100: 4 Free Attribute Points every level up. From Level 100-200: 8 Free Attribute Points every level up. From Level 200-300: 12 Free Attribute Points every level up. Above Level 300: 16 Free Attribute Points every level up.

Current cumulative Bonus: 3360 Free Attribute Points.

“These two new talents are not bad. They both have growth potential.”

Han Xiao was excited.

When he reached the later stages of his growth, he could receive all the accumulated bonuses at once. Therefore, these two new talents would be able to increase his strength.

Although his current attributes were almost all in the tens of thousands, 3,000 to 4,000 Free Attribute Points were still not a small number. Most importantly, he could freely allocate them, and the ability power was an important bonus that any class required. The increase was quite considerable.

(Mechanical Genius], [Divine Gene), and (Natural Elite) were the inherited talents of his race. Individuals with these three talents would undoubtedly have a higher growth rate. They would all be extremely talented Super seeds and could suppress Supers of the same grade. “If only I could make a bunch of alternate accounts...”

A thought flashed through Han Xiao’s mind.

I still don’t have a descendant race, I feel like I can start thinking about reproducing.

While he was thinking, a follow-up notification popped up on the interface.

Two new exclusive Racial Talents have been confirmed.

Life form evolution, molecular structure improved, organ structure strengthened, metabolism changed...

According to the preference of (Black Star God Race – Royal Bloodline), you have received bonus attributes.

+795 STR, +680 DEX, +1030 END, +1146 INT, +1050 MYS, +742 CHA, +11200 Energy.

Energy level attribute bonuses changed

[Race Apotheosis) completed. Your grade has increased to X.

Grade S Bonuses disappeared.

You have received Grade X Bonuses.

Grade X Bonuses: +240 END, +75% All Resistances,+50% Highest Attribute, +30% Other Attributes, +1,500 Free Attribute Points, +60 Awakening Points.

Please select 2 from the 7 options below as Grade Talents.

Physical ResistancePsychological ResistancePower BonusHealthExplosive PowerEnergyStatus Enhancement

“There really are new Grade talents!” Han Xiao’s eyes sparkled.

This was an important factor in dividing the strength between two grades. One could choose two options when advancing to Beyond Grade A, and it was the same now. However, the effect would be stronger, and it could even be stacked with one’s grade talents.

The power bonus was a must. As for the other option, Han Xiao preferred to increase his health. It seemed like he was the only one who had reached this level, so while the tankiness seemed to be enough, it was actually the basic bonus brought about by this Promotion. This END bonus could be gained just by completing Apotheosis Promotion, his current health was probably only at the intermediate level at this grade. He could not guarantee that there would not be anyone else who would rise in the future. Furthermore, there might already be someone at grade X in the universe. At the very least, there would not be any mistake if he continued to develop the strength of dealing damage and tanking.

You have received Grade Talent (Godly Strength)!

You have received Grade Talent (Divine Cosmos Body]!

(Godly Strength]: You possess the strength of Gods. All your abilities will receive a huge enhancement. The bonus effect depends on the character’s total Level. Below Level 300: +8% every 10 Levels.

Above Level 300: +12% every 10 Levels.

Current Ability Strength Increase: 312% (This increase can be stacked with (Superhuman) and (Supreme Power] bonuses)

[Divine Cosmos Body]: Your body is extremely strong and contains unbelievable life force. Your life span will continue till the end of the universe. +1 END Bonus every 1 level.

Current Effect: +360 END Bonus (This increase can be stacked with [Eternal Body] bonuses)

“Such great bonuses!”

Before Han Xiao could get excited, even more violent energy burst out from his body, and all his cells began a new round of transformation. Han Xiao felt that every cell was becoming more and more agitated, as though they were all going to escape from his body. However, as the Church’s National Treasure shook, the struggle of the cells was suppressed, but it also brought him more pain. However, even though he had completed the Race Apotheosis, the Promotion was not over yet. There was still the last transformation left.

Your Class Advancement Mission has been completed.

You have received a new class—[Legendary Mechanic]!

(Beyonder Mechanic] Lv.1 — +700 Energy, +8 STR, +8 DEX, +22 END, +30 INT. You have received 25 Free Attribute Points and 1 Awakening Point.

You have received talent (Transcendent Artifact]!

You have received the talent (Energy BaseGod of All Machines)!

You have received talent (Information Uniqueness—Conceptual Immortality]!

You have acquired the ability [Mechanical Deity – Supreme Heavenly Venerate]!

You have learned (Virtual Creation (Pseudo)]!

You have acquired the ability (Life Transformation-Virtual]!

You have acquired the ability (Life Transformation – Myriad Machine]! All your Virtual Technology skills or talents have been enhanced by 80%.

Han Xiao’s breathing stopped.

The new class was also unfamiliar to him, and (Legendary Mechanic) did not have the upper limit of the class. This proved that this was the last stage of the Mechanic class. He could continue to level up, but there was no Class Advancement after that.

He looked at the various new abilities obtained from this Class Advancement and could not help but narrow his eyes. The effects of the skills were as flashy as the name, but the bonuses were astonishing.

Han Xiao wanted to analyze his new abilities in detail, but the pain of evolution came one after another, almost freezing his thoughts. It was not a good time to study them.

Seeing that the notifications on the interface had finally stopped, Han Xiao knew that he had obtained all the bonuses from this Promotion. He quickly calmed down and silently felt his evolution. The sense of time quickly became blurry.

After a full two days, the huge energy whirlpool finally seemed to have expanded to its limit. It slowly shrank back toward the center and entered Han Xiao’s body.

On the other hand, Wuornos and the other three had been standing guard at the edge, watching Han Xiao’s advancement from start to finish. They did not dare blink at all, afraid that they would miss a second.

Because this was the territory of the Black Star Army, Han Xiao had already informed them that no one was allowed to disturb him. Thus, even though this place had become the source of the cosmic-level energy surge, triggering the radar alarms of many organizations, no one had come over to watch.

After a while, the energy whirlpool returned to Han Xiao’s body, and the dazzling light faded, revealing Han Xiao’s current appearance.

He was floating in the air with his eyes closed as if he was still in a meditative state and had yet to wake up. There was a special aura around him, and his skin was glowing. A few light golden particles were slowly flowing around his body. Seeing this, Wuornos and the others hesitated. They did not know what was going on with Han Xiao and did not approach him immediately.

This time, Han Xiao finally opened his eyes. The light on his body stopped, and he floated toward the three of them with a smile.

“My Promotion went very smoothly. Thank you, everyone.”

Hearing this, the four of them were shocked.

Although they had already guessed it in their hearts in the past two days, they still could not help but feel a strong sense of disbelief when Han Xiao admitted it personally.

“You really succeeded? You opened up a higher level of individual strength ?” Milizaus cried out.

“That should be the case.”

Han Xiao nodded and released some pressure.

The four people present were stunned. They instantly felt a vast pressure and could not help but feel their hearts palpitate.

However, it only lasted for an instant before Han Xiao retracted the pressure from the difference in the hierarchy of life, allowing them to heave a sigh of relief.

After the unbelievable shock, they were filled with excitement and respect.

They were all peak Beyond Grade As, including Wuornos and Kasuyi, who thought that they were half a step away from reaching a higher level. Now that they could see the entire process of Han Xiao’s advancement and see the successful case of him reaching a higher level, would this method work on them too?

Did Black Star specifically give them this benefit ?

“I didn’t expect you to succeed in one go... Congratulations.”

Wuornos was extremely envious. He had tried so many times, but in the end, he stopped because he was worried about the risk. However, Black Star had gone straight in and succeeded. Indeed, men and their constitutions could not be compared...

However, although Wuornos felt bitter, he was more excited and overjoyed. He felt that his insight was really good. He had indeed not misjudged Black Star. In fact, this guy was even more amazing than he had expected. He had rushed up to a higher level and pointed him in the right direction!

With Black Star scouting ahead, he would be able to replicate the success today.

The Church’s National Treasure was his, and the Arcane Church did not lack direct members of five classes. The other two Universal Civilizations would more or less provide help to contend with Black Star. Therefore, among the Beyond Grade As, he was the only one who could easily replicate the method Black Star used today. He undoubtedly profited the most!

Although Black Star did not fail, which was out of his expectations and caused his selfish thought to fail, he still did not come for nothing! Thinking about this, Wuornos felt extremely comfortable. He decided to prepare for his advancement when he returned.

However, at this moment, he suddenly remembered that the Church’s National Treasure was still in Han Xiao’s hands. He did not know how far Black Star’s strength had progressed. If he had any evil intentions...

Wuornos’ heart tightened, and he said slowly, “Black Star, can I have it back?”

“Oh, take it.”

Han Xiao glanced at him and saw that he was nervous. He shook his head and smiled. He took out the Church’s National Treasure and threw it back to Wuornos. He did not intend to take it for himself.

Since they did not cause any trouble and came to help him, he would not kick them to the curb after they outlived their usefulness. There was no need to offend them because of this. At most, he would just borrow it again. Furthermore, there was more than one ‘Stabilizer’. After his Promotion, Han Xiao had some new ideas.

Wuornos took the Church’s National Treasure and stuffed it back into his body. He secretly heaved a sigh of relief, but then he was overjoyed.

Kasuyi looked at the Church’s National Treasure with a burning gaze before looking back at Han Xiao.

“Your Promotion is a good thing for the entire Beyond Grade A group. I wonder if you plan to publicize this method?”

“Keep it a secret for now. Just keep this matter to yourselves. Don’t tell anyone about it for the time being to avoid disturbances. To be honest, this Promotion is quite dangerous. If it fails, you might not be able to revive with the Sanctum.”

Han Xiao waved his hands.

He did not care much about this matter. The four of them only saw the surface. Even if they imitated his method, they would not be able to trigger the Apotheosis Promotion. This was because they lacked an important factor, Beyonder’s Vestige.

Now that he had successfully advanced and was no longer in a critical state, he had also lost the ability to sense the Beyonder’s Vestige. As long as he did not specifically remind them, others might not be able to activate this perception. Furthermore, without a detailed interface notification, others might not know what this perception meant.

The most important thing was that he had already used up the last Beyonder’s Vestige that was left in the explored universe. Even if someone found out about the use of the Beyonder’s Vestige, they would have to go to the unexplored area to search for it. Who knew how long it would take?

Hearing this, apart from Wuornos, Kasuyi and the others were shocked and suppressed the impulse in their hearts.

Milizaus suddenly thought of something and asked, “By the way, the new grade has yet to be defined in the Galactic Society. Why don’t you give it a name?”

Sierron agreed. “Indeed, the title of Beyond Grade A is to commemorate the exploration era. Now that a new level has appeared, a new name is also needed. It will be recorded in history. You are the founder, and only you have the right to name it.”

Han Xiao stroked his chin and did not reject. He immediately thought of the name of his class and raised his brows.

“How about... We call it the Transcendent Grade?”

“Sounds good.”

The few of them naturally did not have any objections to a name and nodded.

“Then it’s settled. The grade above Beyond Grade A will be called the Transcendent Grade.”

Han Xiao smiled and nodded.

This time, Kasuyi could not hold back his curiosity and sized Han Xiao up.

“Black Star, what is the strength of the new level? How strong is it?” Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Han Xiao shook his head and smiled.

“I’m very, very strong...”

As he spoke, he looked at his attributes panel, and a strange look flashed in his eyes.

Level: 360

Main Class: Mechanic

Race: Black Star God Race – Royal Bloodline

Attributes: 33,810 STR, 29,423 DEX, 44,310 END, 81,744 INT, 26,854 MYS, 12,560 CHA, 1 LUK

Free Attribute Points: 5,105

Awakening Points: 101

Health: 122,694,490

Stamina: 98,274,600

Energy: 481,200

Energy Lv.29 Bonus: +12,480 STR, +13,640 DEX, +17,200 END, +22,845 INT, +13,590 MYS, +11,427,000 Stamina Limit, +14,670% Machinery Affinity

Energy Rank: 148,800 Ona

Grade: X

Grade X Bonuses: +240 END, +75% All Resistances, +50% Highest Attribute, +30% Other Attributes, +1,500 Free Attribute Points, +60 Awakening Points.

“You have cleared the fog in front of you. A brand new path extends under your feet. From now on, heaven and earth will exist side by side with you. All things are one with you... You are the universe!”