Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1400 Issuing a Call for Action

The Arcane Church did not deliberately block the news. The news of Wuornos’ failure to advance quickly spread among the upper echelons. The Federation of Light, the Crimson Dynasty, and many Beyond Grade As all heard about this, and their reactions were all different. Some were surprised, some were regretful, and many were gloating. Originally, after Black Star opened up the Transcendent Grade, many Beyond Grade As also had thoughts of advancing, but with Wuornos’ example, many of them suppressed their desires.

Even Wuornos had failed. It was better to wait and see.

Because of this, many Beyond Grade As also confirmed that Black Star was the only Transcendent for the time being and no one else had the ability to charge at this level yet. His position could not be shaken, which made them even more interested in the Promotion method that Black Star had yet to reveal.

However, these things were only circulated in the upper echelons, and the people of the galactic society knew nothing about it. They were still living in a tight wartime life, filled with anxiety.

However, a few days later, a piece of news from the Black Star Army quickly spread throughout the galactic society and attracted the attention of countless galactic residents.

Black Star, who had kept a low profile for a period of time, suddenly made a big move. He publicly sent out an invitation in the name of the Beyond Grade A Association and the three Universal Civilizations, targeting the various organizations in the entire universe. There were civilizations and civil organizations, and their numbers were shocking, covering almost all areas.

Black Star said in the invitation that he was going to hold a meeting and was inviting the representatives of the various organizations to attend. They would discuss the development prospects of the explored universe and the disadvantages of life form trading.

Currently, Han Xiao’s every move was being paid attention to by the galactic residents and the various organizations. His actions immediately caused a wave of discussion. Countless people were puzzled by this and began to guess Black Star’s intentions.

The foreign enemies were closing in and the war situation was looking bad. Many people did not understand why Black Star would emphasize the problem of life form trading at this time.

Wasn’t war the most important thing right now? Even if they had to calm the internal state before dealing with external threats, it did not seem to have much to do with life form trading.

Furthermore, a conference of this level included almost all the famous organizations in the universe, so it should be led by the three Universal Civilizations. Why was Black Star the one leading it? Even the meeting location was in the Black Star Army’s territory.

Many people could not help but think... does this mean that Black Star has the same authority as the three Universal Civilizations ?

While they were puzzled, the various large organizations still gave face. All the civilizations responded publicly and expressed that they would accept the invitation to attend the meeting. Countless private organizations also expressed their honor to receive Black Star’s invitation.

For a moment, the galactic society that had been silent for a long time was in turmoil. It felt like Black Star was the leader of the galactic society.

With Han Xiao’s current position, the organizations that wanted to survive in the galactic society would not dare to not give him face.

Under everyone’s attention, the days passed, and the day of the meeting arrived.

Outside the Black Star Palace, a large venue floated in the middle of the fortress like a flat top. Its silver-gray exterior reflected the light of the Fixed Star.

Streams of light gathered from all directions and formed light dragons. Spaceships with the emblems of different organizations drove into the port one after another, and representatives of various shapes and sizes walked down.

The platform at the dock was already packed with people. Countless reception robots walked through the area, leading the way for the representatives of different organizations. Some organizations that were too far away used remote projections, and there were also quite a number of organizations that personally sent their members to give Black Star face.

“So many people have come...”.

The Purple Crystal Civilization’s diplomatic envoys alighted from the spaceship, and Ralph, who was in the lead, smiled as he looked at the crowded scene before him.

A young diplomat beside him curiously approached and whispered, “Old leader, I heard you had a good relationship with Black Star?”

“It’s not too bad, but I haven’t seen him in a long time... After so many years, he’s doing pretty well. We’re no longer on the same level.”

A complicated look flashed across Ralph’s eyes. He waved his hands and sighed.

During the secret war of the Crimson Tide, the Black Star Army, as one of the mercenaries, had accepted the Purple Crystal Civilization’s invitation to fight the Klent Kingdom and Bloodshed Land’s invasion together. Back then, he had been the commander of Section Zero of the Secret Service and had been in charge of contacting Black Star for many years.

Because of this, Purple Crystal had let Ralph lead the team to participate in this meeting. It had only been a few decades, but he was already old and about to retire. The power in his hands was about to end, but Black Star, who had worked with him back then, was becoming more and more active. He had gone from being a small mercenary to an existence that the Purple Crystal Civilization could not hope to reach. This difference made him feel complicated.

At this moment, a discordant voice suddenly sounded from the side.

“Isn’t this the representative of the Purple Crystal Civilization? To be able to meet all of you here.”

The Purple Crystal Civilization’s diplomatic envoys turned around and saw a group of people disembarking from a spaceship. It was the Klent Kingdom’s diplomatic envoys.

The two forces still did not get along after the secret war ended and there were many grudges between them. Now that the representatives of both sides had met, they immediately glared at each other as if they could not stand each other’s sight.

“Hmph, so you’re Klent’s emissary.” Ralph glanced at him and said calmly, “It’s been a few decades, but you guys are still the same. You guys hate Black Star, but you don’t dare refuse the invitation. I advise you to keep a low profile and be good kids in Black Star’s territory. Don’t cause trouble.”

Veins popped up on the Klent emissary’s forehead. Just as he was about to retaliate, he saw the reception robot of the Black Star Army fly over. He quickly shut his mouth and only dared to look at Ralph with hatred.

Ralph had been in a high position for many years and had interacted with Klent countless times. He did not care about a young emissary at all. He looked around at the different delegations.

Compared to the civilizations’ diplomatic envoys, the number of delegations from private organizations in the various industries was higher by tens of thousands of times. Most of them were representatives of various private organizations, and many of them had cautious expressions. Clearly, this was their first time participating in an event of this scale, so they pretended to be calm and did not want to show fear.

“With just an invitation, almost all the organizations in the entire universe have come... Black Star’s position is truly unparalleled.” Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

What is meant by dominating the universe? This is called dominating the universe...

Ralph sighed and followed the reception robot into the venue.

At this moment, countless representatives were already seated in the venue. They were whispering to each other, and their faces were all different. It was like a galactic species exhibition. The news media were also present, adjusting equipment and preparing to broadcast the meeting.

The Beyond Grade As that were rarely seen were all seated in the front, showing their backs and receiving the attention of the delegations. The emissaries of the various advanced civilizations and important private organizations were also waiting in the core area.

Almost all the famous organizations had arrived. It was a grand occasion!

After waiting for a while, all the representatives took their seats and the doors slowly closed.

The venue slowly fell silent.

At this moment, a figure walked out from the shadows on the stage. He appeared in everyone’s sight and immediately attracted everyone’s attention.

Han Xiao walked up to the podium and looked around at the endless seats. He smiled and said slowly,

“Thank you for accepting my invitation to participate in this meeting. On behalf of the Beyond Grade A Association and the three Universal Civilizations, I would like to welcome all of you here. The main purpose of this meeting is to discuss the future of the galactic society.” Pa pa pa!

Everyone clapped and perked up their ears, curious about Black Star’s intentions.

Han Xiao raised his hand and said solemnly,

“Since the galactic era began, our civilization has created countless glorious achievements in various fields. The galactic society is extremely prosperous, but at the same time, it has accumulated countless evils. Life form trading is a problem that runs through history.

The obedience of others is one of the core pillars of power, so enslaving them is an eternal desire. The demand brings the market, and no matter how hard we strike, the life form trading will never be destroyed. After failing again and again, we got used to it, tolerated it, and finally convinced ourselves that it was an unsolvable problem, giving up the idea of completely solving it. However, now that the situation in the galaxy has changed, our control over the various Star Fields has been highly focused. This is a chance for us to clean up the root. Therefore, I hope to obtain your help to solve the evil of the life form trading.”

Hearing this, the representatives were stunned and looked at each other.

They had thought that Black Star had other plans for the meeting and that the life form trading was just a reason. They did not expect Black Star to really want to solve this problem.

“This...”

Everyone was confused.

It seemed like the existence of the life form trading would not affect Black Star at all, right? Was there a need to call all of them over just for this?

What was Black Star planning? What benefit did such a thankless task bring him?

If it was just to increase his reputation, there were plenty of ways. Why did he have to choose this troublesome path?

On the stage, Han Xiao took in everyone’s confused expressions and let out a deep breath.

“I know. You might think that the interstellar life form trading has nothing to do with me, and you’re wondering what benefits I can get from it... To be honest, with my position, whether the life form trading exists or not doesn’t affect my interests, but why did I hold a meeting for this?

Everyone, although the progress of the era is mainly driven by a small number of people, the main body of the world is still the most ordinary galactic citizen. It is because of their existence that our universe is so prosperous and we have the name of civilization.

Over the years, the life form trading has caused countless tragedies. Although it cannot threaten us, we should not turn a blind eye to it. We are already used to standing on high ground, but no matter how high we stand, we have to lower our heads at the right time and look at the dark corners and the situation of ordinary people. The purpose of our existence is not only for ourselves, but also to promote the development of the world. We have the ability to make the galactic society better and create a better world.” The moment he said that, many of the people present trembled, as though they did not expect Black Star to say such a thing.

For a moment, everyone was stunned. They only felt that Han Xiao seemed to be emitting the light of humanity.

Some were overwhelmed with emotions, some admired, some scoffed, and some were suspicious.

Is Black Star serious?

Is this a noble act of love, or is he trying to leave his name in history?

After a moment of silence, an emissary of a Super Star Cluster Civilization suddenly spoke.

“The current war situation is still very serious. Isn’t it too early to mention this? If we can’t chase away the foreign enemies, everything will be wasted.” Han Xiao only glanced at him and said calmly, “It’s precisely because we have the confidence to win this war that we don’t want to let go of this opportunity to get rid of the evils. Everything is for the future.”

The moment he said that, everyone’s spirits were lifted.

Black Star’s tone was very calm, but it made most of the people present excited.

Currently, all the organizations in the universe were worried about where the war would end up. Now that a big shot like Black Star had come out to express his stand, whether it was the truth or consolation, it was a boost to their morale.

Especially when they thought of Black Star’s goal this time, they felt a strong sense of confidence. If he did not have hope for the future, why would he go through so much trouble to deal with the problems of the galactic society? Wasn’t this all to win the governing power after the war?

Various thoughts flashed through their minds.

Suddenly, a representative from a private organization stood up and said loudly, “Your Excellency Black Star, you cherish all living beings. We admire your character and are willing to serve you!”

All of a sudden, the representatives of the various organizations seemed to have woken up from a dream. They all expressed their opinions enthusiastically, and the venue instantly became lively.

Although Black Star’s words were nice, it was unrealistic for him to convince the people with vested interests with just a few words. However, many organizations agreed to cooperate because of Black Star. The reason for this was mainly because Black Star had used his reputation to gather everyone and had opened up the communication barrier between them. In addition, he had enough public appeal, so the matter was completed. Had this speech been given by someone else not important enough, these forces would not have taken action even if they were touched.

Everyone knew the truth. It did not matter if it was nice or not. What mattered was who said it.

Many organizations were willing to help Han Xiao achieve this goal. On one hand, it was politically correct, and on the other hand, it was a grand event. There was no need to let go of this opportunity to increase their reputation. Finally, they also did this due to some respect for Han Xiao.

The scene was also broadcasted by countless media outlets and was witnessed by countless galactic residents.

“Oh my god...”

“What is Black Star doing!”

Countless galactic residents were dumbfounded.

Black Star’s declaration completely exceeded the expectations of many people. They did not expect Black Star to have such a huge goal in mind.

They did not know what was going on behind the scenes. All they saw was the surface.

Seeing that Black Star was able to pull so many organizations to terminate the life form trading, his influence was comparable to the three Universal Civilizations.

In the eyes of the galactic residents, Han Xiao’s image became even larger, and his entire body was glowing. He had become the number one person in the entire explored universe.

“Creating a better galactic society... Black Star actually has such a spirit...” “Well said. This world should become more beautiful.”

While countless people were shocked, they could not help but feel touched. They did not expect Black Star to still care about ordinary people like them.

The life form trafficking was like a deep nightmare, enough to wake any ordinary person up in the middle of the night.

There were millions of races in the Galaxy, and the anomalies would always arouse curiosity. No one could guarantee that they would never become prey in the eyes of others.

In their eyes, regardless of whether Black Star’s motive was pure or not, as long as he stood up and did it, he would be a great man worthy of respect.

If not for Black Star, today’s event would have never happened.

The news kept broadcasting, leaving a deep impression in the hearts of more and more galactic residents. Han Xiao’s reputation was also brought to an unprecedented height.

“The existence of someone like Black Star might really make the world better...”

This thought appeared in the minds of the galactic residents one after another. Some even felt that letting Black Star rule the galactic society did not seem too bad...