Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1402 Shadow of Arrival

The entire explored universe had never dealt such a heavy blow to the life form trading. Regardless of whether it was the underworld or the surface, the life form traffickers no longer had a place to stay. The protective umbrella that they once relied upon, avoided them. Be it the buyers or sellers, they were all silent. Many individuals or organizations that were once involved in the life form trading were investigated, and according to the severity and size of the organization, they were fined, imprisoned, or sentenced to death. The end of days had arrived for countless life form traffickers.

Of course, most people would not just stand there and do nothing. Resistance existed naturally, and the complicated situation of the life form trading ecosystem was thus exposed to the world. Sellers might have nowhere to run, but many buyers had power and influence and were scattered in various industries like stubborn stains in the cracks.

Many organizations were willing to exterminate the traffickers, but for a large number of buyers, it was impossible to clean up all of them, and many cooperative organizations would not agree. After all, the implications were too wide, and it would easily change the nature of the operation. Their own dark history could also be dug out, and there were many considerations.

Han Xiao did not insist on this. He only wanted to kill all the sellers. Even if there were still buyers who did not give up, they would not be able to find the supply for a long time. They could only think about it.

If any bold opportunists felt that the life form trading market would be emptied out because of this and took the risk to try to develop private customers in a one-on-one manner, the advanced civilizations that supervised the network were not just for show. The search program created by him, the Legendary Mechanic, was not to be trifled with.

The association and the advanced civilizations worked together to come up with a more detailed method of handling the matter. There were some new legal regulations, but Han Xiao did not need to involve himself in this.

As the chain links of life form trading were removed one after another, Han Xiao received more and more support from the galactic residents. However, although ending the life form trading gave him a huge reputation, he also offended many people.

Black Star Palace, private workshop.

Han Xiao looked through the feedback that the intelligence department had gathered over the past few days with a strange look on his face.

“Heh, the commotion is even bigger than I expected. This kind of thing really doesn’t benefit me much. These people with power and influence, no matter how respectful they appear on the surface, most of them think that I’m meddling in other people’s business. I don’t know how many of them secretly view me as an enemy.”

The buyers who had the ability to raise slaves and were not pursued were obviously not ordinary people. He had deprived them of their ‘hobbies’. Even if these people did not dare to express their dissatisfaction, they did not have a good impression of him. If there was a day when they could hit him when he was down, they would not mind stepping on him.

not for my individual strength, I would definitely not have a good ending...”

Han Xiao curled his lips.

It was a pity that his fist was big enough. Even if these people disliked him, they could not do anything to him.

Han Xiao did not mind if this created grievances.

He opened the interface and looked at the mission list. (Ending the Darkness) was already displayed as completed, which surprised him.

“It was completed just like that. The operation is not over yet.”

Han Xiao stroked his chin thoughtfully.

Right now, no one dared to take the risk. The traffickers who had yet to be caught had no intention of doing business. They were all focused on fleeing, and their trade chain was broken.

In a sense, the interstellar life form trading had indeed been temporarily terminated. As long as the mission was completed before it re-emerged, it should be enough.

“If that’s the case, the mission evaluation is quite lenient. The difficulty is within an acceptable range.”

Han Xiao heaved a sigh of relief.

If the mission was to ensure that there would never be any life form trafficking in the galaxy, then not to mention a trillion experience points, he felt that even ten trillion or one hundred trillion experience points might not be enough.

This request was also very difficult. The reason it seemed simple was that he had accumulated a sufficiently high position. There were very few organizations in the entire galactic society that had his appeal, and anyone else would not have been able to do it.

Han Xiao did not want to drag it out any longer and completed the mission.

(Ending the Darkness] Completed!

You have received 1 Trillion EXP, 15 Random Rewards, and 3 Blank Character Summon Cards.

You have received the milestone (Slave Liberator)!

Slave Liberator: Your relationship with all Lawful Factions will forever be fixed at (Reverence).

You have received 3 Universe Legendary Points.

Universe Legendary Point: (Light of Justice] – You tore up the darkness of life form trading and brought the light of justice to this Galaxy. Countless people worship you as their idol.

Universe Legendary Point: (Deeds of a Great Man]—Your actions to end the life form trading will become a monumental work of humanitarianism. It will be engraved in history and will be written in textbooks.

Universal Legendary Point: (Freedom Leader]

-You have saved countless despairing people and removed their shackles. Your existence represents noble freedom in the eyes of those who are saved.

“Heh, it’s done.”

Han Xiao relaxed and checked his gains.

The 1 trillion experience reward was mainly a reflection of the difficulty. To him, it was not a lot, but it was still quite a fortune.

Experience was still useful to him now. Although he had reached the Transcendent Grade, his total level still had not reached the upper limit. However, the cost of leveling up was even more ridiculous. He could not level up even with a trillion experience. It was simply a bottomless pit.

In his eyes, the most practical reward was still the fifteen Random Reward opportunities and five Blank Character Summon Cards... especially the latter, which allowed him to get other’s abilities again.

As for the effect of the (Slave Liberator] milestone, it would have been very useful in the past. However, with his current position, even without this milestone, he could have the same effect.

However, the merits this time could be considered as a stronger amulet, standing on the moral high ground. If the three Universal Civilizations wanted to target him again in the future, the backlash would be even worse.

Furthermore, this was also a huge Political Asset. If he had any thoughts about the position of the ruler of the galactic society one day, there might be some people who would welcome the great Black Star to Central Galaxy...

“Cough cough...”

Han Xiao coughed dryly and cleared his thoughts. He tapped on the table and pondered.

He made use of his influence to gather all the organizations in the universe to work together to end the life form trading. Of course, he could not stop this movement now, as that would damage his prestige. Although the mission was completed, it was not suitable for him to stop immediately. He had to continue.

“That’s good too. Anyway, it’s not a bad thing. I’ll see this to the end.”

Han Xiao calmed himself down and opened the forums. He realized that many players were also discussing this matter. Most of the posts were filled with admiration and praise.

This story was also added into”Galaxy Chronicles”by the players and seeing the excessive praises and compliments, he felt quite relaxed and did not feel embarrassed.

Han Xiao browsed the forums in a joyful mood. Suddenly, he saw a post that he was quite concerned about.

This was an announcement post, and the content was the time for the next version update. Han Xiao did some calculations, and about nine months later, the players would receive a new update.

The players’ event time in Version 5.0 was far from reaching the standard of the previous versions. Even the Pro League had not been held yet. However, the update this time was not a change in the larger version but a small update to Version 5.5.

In Han Xiao’s previous life, there had been a few mini version updates like this, but in Han Xiao’s memories, Version 5.0 did not have this update.

“Looks like it’s my butterfly effect again.”

Han Xiao was helpless. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Under his influence, the current storyline was completely different. Even the name of Version 5.0 had changed to (Age of Black Star), so it was not strange for the update time to change.

After all, every version update was based on some major event, which was automatically determined. Now, the World Tree would only arrive in the explored universe territory in ten years. He guessed that this was the reason for the mini update.

“It doesn’t feel like a good change. I still want to see if I can increase my level.”

Han Xiao rubbed his brows.

Although a mini version update could once again unlock the players’ level cap, it was also because of this that the players’ experience had an important consumption path, and he could not continue to harvest leeks with the highest efficiency.

Furthermore, the three Universal Civilizations were currently harassing the World Tree army, which was the time when they needed suicide squads the most. If the players went offline, there would be no more recyclable armed force.

“Looks like I have to make some preparations. I’ll harvest them before they go offline.”

The light of a scythe flashed in Han Xiao’s eyes.

He was already familiar with this. The main point was to give the players sufficient motivation to clear the shopping cart.

Compared to selling supplies and equipment, the knowledge and skills of various classes were the main sources of harvesting EXP.

So... God help us all!

Nine months passed by in the blink of an eye. During this period, Han Xiao used all his tricks and promoted the items every day as though every day was a double 11 festival. The players of the army were enjoying spending money, and their experience bars and wallets dried up at an unbelievable speed.

However, they were not sad at all. Instead, they were very happy. They felt that they had made a huge profit and it was worth it. They smiled like little flowers.

They spent money and even felt grateful...

After squeezing out a wave of players, Han Xiao’s experience storage was much richer. As long as he did not use it to level up, he could use it for a long time. In his eyes, it was enough to cover the cost of many years of research.

On the day of the version update, many players went offline and disappeared. This caught the three Universal Civilizations off guard, but they quickly adjusted themselves. Changing to other troops to stop the World Tree Army would undoubtedly raise the war casualties.

After resolving the problem of the life form trading, Han Xiao did not continue to make trouble. He cooperated with the three Universal Civilizations to prepare for war, and time passed quickly.

There were no more accidents during the preparation period. The renovation of the Flickering World border was successfully completed, and the secondary dimension expedition army used the territory of the Realmless King as a transit station to continue searching for the World Tree’s main body.

Under Han Xiao’s guidance, most Beyond Grade As had varying degrees of progress, and a new batch of Beyond Grade As had been born from the Calamity Grade students in the training base.

In addition, many Beyond Grade A organizations had also completed their migration. With Han Xiao’s signal, the Black Star Army moved away from the Flickering World, Shattered Star Ring territories, and temporarily withdrew from these two border areas to avoid additional losses in the war.

Year after year passed, and the distance between the World Tree and the Flickering World shortened day by day. The atmosphere of the explored universe became tenser and tenser.

Finally, on February 5, Galaxy Calendar Year 797, the shadow of the World Tree spread.

At the border of the Flickering World, which faced the unexplored universe, dense streams of light appeared and turned into an enormous World Tree fleet.

Countless soldiers of the World Tree looked at the galaxy outside the window, and what they saw was transmitted through the mind of the World Tree and into the mind of the Subduing Tree King who was guarding the base.

The Subduing Tree King sat on his throne with a cold glint in his eyes.

More than ten years had passed in the blink of an eye to him. The memory of him fighting Han Xiao felt like it was just yesterday.

Field battles were not the World Tree Civilization’s strong suit. Invading the enemy civilization’s territory was their biggest advantage. They could snowball through the World Tree’s devouring ability that could consume all resources, killing all enemies.

The war is finally going to enter the rhythm that we are good at!

The Subduing Tree King tightened his grip and crushed the armrest of the throne. His voice was low and hoarse.

“I’ve finally found your territory... It’s time for you to taste despair!”