Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1416 Fight and Gap

Boom!

The battle between the two Transcendents became more and more intense. The battlefield was moving rapidly in the spatial storm as if it had split into two clusters of light, one black, and one green. They were entangled with each other and were crazily eroding each other’s space. The sound of the energy shockwave was constantly heard, and it burst out with strong light one after another. It was like Armageddon, or the birth of the world.

Countless mechanical soldiers flew out from Han Xiao’s Godly Stronghold. From afar, they looked like black smoke released by the Supreme Heavenly Venerate, turning into thousands of streams. Some were like whips, constantly clashing with the World Tree Roots, while others released billions of rays of light, bombarding the various parts of the Tree God.

Among them, there were dozens of specks of light, the size of dust, jumping around the Tree God’s body, tearing off roots one after another. These were the many Mechanical Oracles under Han Xiao. They all had different abilities, and under the enhancement of Mechanical Force, they had strength that far exceeded normal soldiers. They were all elite units.

Under the continuous accumulation of mechanical soldiers, the body of the Supreme Heavenly Venerate seemed to grow endlessly. On the other side, the speed at which the World Tree Roots was forming on the Tree God also became faster and faster. Under the layers of binding, its body also grew rapidly, and the two huge objects grew at a similar speed.

“Tsk, so big...”

Oathkeeper and Clotti looked at the two of them in shock.

The shockwaves of the battle between the two Transcendents became more and more intense. In order not to be implicated, the two of them had already retreated further away. However, Han Xiao and the Tree God’s bodies still occupied their entire field of vision, and they could not even see the entirety of the battle. It was as if they had no end.

At Oathkeeper and Clotti’s level, they naturally did not have megalophobia. However, at this moment, as they looked at the two gigantic creatures exuding a terrifying pressure with every movement, they could not help but feel an instinctive fear in their hearts. It was an indescribable fear that existed beyond their range of understanding!

A strong sense of danger surrounded the two of them. The more they looked, the more unstable the energy in their bodies became. Their hearts felt like they were going to jump out of their throats. It was as if they were bursting with the full strength of a Transcendent. It was a scene they could not look at directly!

Unknowingly, waves of terror assaulted their brains, making them want to look away. However, their eyes seemed to have separated from their bodies and were no longer under their control. Their gazes were fixed on the two Transcendents.

Swoosh!

At this time, the Emperor Skysplitter Blade burning with dark blue psionic energy tore apart a large area of the space storm and stabbed into the Tree God’s body. However, the roots in the Tree God’s body quickly tied up and sewed the wound like needles. At the same time, tiny roots that looked like meat sprouts grew out from the wound and intertwined with each other, healing the wound in the blink of an eye.

In addition, a portion of the psionic energy covered by the blade was absorbed by the Tree God. It also had the devouring ability of the World Tree, so it did not reject any energy. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

At the same time, the slashes left by the Emperor Skysplitter Blade in the spatial storm spread rapidly, turning into a spatial rift that tore open a passage to a secondary dimension. However, not only did the two of them not get pulled in by the attraction force of the secondary dimension, the anti-gravity force on their bodies pulled this secondary dimension out instead. The internal matter gushed out along the space crack and sprayed onto the two of them.

This scene was like a fruit that had a hole in its skin. It was being held tightly, squeezing out all the juice and flesh from the hole, and turned into a mess.

Swoosh

Every slash of Han Xiao’s blade tore open a spatial rift that led to different secondary dimensions. Very soon, many colorful spatial tunnels appeared on the battlefield. Countless secondary dimensions sprayed out streams of matter, and all kinds of strange things were scattered all over the sky. There were also all kinds of strange creatures that were crushed into powder by the shockwaves and fused into the energy storm that the two of them were fighting in.

Looking at the interior of these spatial tunnels, one could see that these secondary dimensions were rapidly drying up, as though their bodies had been hollowed out. Such a battle had already exceeded the capabilities of a Beyond Grade A. Although the aftermath of their battle could shatter the secondary dimensions, Beyond Grade As were the ones absorbed by the secondary dimensions, destroying the secondary dimensions from the inside. However, the Transcendents could use their own gravitational force to stop the secondary dimensions from absorbing them, and even pull out the ‘intestines’ of the secondary dimensions.

The Tree God had been resisting Han Xiao’s attacks all along. As its roots moved, the almost endless power of the World Tree was released. It was like a green wave, attacking and defending at the same time. It had countless uses and dyed the area with a faint green light.

Ding!

With the Tree God as the center, a special spatial fluctuation was suddenly released. Immediately after, a layer of green world phantom seemed to overlap with the area, spreading out endless faint green light, quickly completing ‘taking root’. The next moment, Han Xiao suddenly felt a strong restraining force, and his strength was suppressed inexplicably. Not only did the Supreme Heavenly Venerate’s movements slow down, but the strength of all the mechanical troops also decreased. The power of the Tree God increased instead, and it could teleport freely in this area. Its mobility immediately increased.

“It seems to be a dimension projection...”

After taking a look, Han Xiao recognized what this green world phantom was.

Transcendent Grade had already formed an inner space and inner universe in their body, and a second Void Dimension had been born in their body. The Tree God should also have an inner dimension within its body.

The scene in front of him should be to open up his inner space and summon a dimension projection, turning a certain area outside his body into an inner dimension environment to form his own domain. This would allow him to gain the home-ground advantage and increase his strength and suppress his opponent.

Furthermore, this domain moved along with him, and even if the battlefield was constantly shifting, it would not be affected. With a thought, Han Xiao activated the Void Dimension consciousness in his body and summoned an inner space projection. A gray domain with blue electric arcs instantly opened up and squeezed out the green domain of the Tree God.

The debuffs brought by the Tree God Domain disappeared immediately. Not only did Han Xiao return to normal, but he also felt the huge buffs brought by the domain. Furthermore, the domain around his body moved according to his will, like a new sense organ.

In the space storm, the grayish-blue and green colors corroded each other, and the Void Domain and the Tree God Domain were separated. Before Han Xiao could even savor the sensation, he felt the pressure of the domain, and he could not help but increase his

energy.

Buzz!

The Void Domain immediately expanded outward, compressing the Tree God Domain to a smaller size. At the same time, Han Xiao keenly noticed that the enhancement of his Domain had become stronger, while the Tree God Domain had become weaker.

“Fighting by projecting the inner space? So this is the normal style of a Transcendent Grade battle...”

Han Xiao was overjoyed.

In the past few years, he had been exploring the strength of the Transcendent Grade. Although he had gained some benefits, he did not have any opponents of the same level, nor did he have anyone to learn from. Although the current Tree God was not complete, it was still quite familiar with the usage of the Transcendent’s methods. It was enough to give him quite a lot of inspiration and imitate the other party’s techniques.

Just fighting with a Transcendent brought him a lot of benefits.

Han Xiao activated Virtual Creation, and the various materials in the Godly Stronghold were consumed rapidly. In the blink of an eye, a super-large cannon appeared behind him. Its caliber was almost the size of a small planet, and its barrel was as deep as an abyss.

This type of giant cannon was already considered an interstellar mega machinery, and it would take quite some time to build. However, it could be built in an instant with (Virtual Creation (Pseudo)]. The efficiency was multiplied countless times.

In Han Xiao’s opinion, the biggest feature of this ability in a battle was to adapt to the situation and create different devices that he needed on the spot even if he had made no preparations.

No matter how strong a foundation a Mechanic had, they would not dare to say that their resources would be able to adapt to all situations. For example, he would not have the time to build a live ammunition cannon of this size. Now, he realized that the Tree God’s resistance to energy was a little abnormal. Now that he had a requirement, he could directly use Virtual Creation to create it, which was convenient and fast... Other than not returning the materials after it disappeared, there were no other shortcomings.

Buzz

Surging energy accumulated in the cannon barrel, and a bright light flashed. A planet-sized giant bullet shot out, carrying huge kinetic energy, and smashed into the Tree God’s chest, deeply embedding inside. Large pieces of shattered roots flew everywhere.

The bright light almost blinded Oathkeeper and Clotti. The bullet exploded, instantly splitting the Tree God in half. Countless shrapnels of the bomb with magnetic force burst out, cutting the two parts of the Tree God into pieces.

Han Xiao was about to give chase, but at this moment, the Tree God’s body suddenly shrunk rapidly, turning from solid to illusory, fusing into a World Tree Root and disappearing

“We were only halfway through the battle. Why did he run away?”

Han Xiao destroyed the root of the World Tree but did not sense the power of the Tree God. At the same time, the other party’s domain also disappeared. He immediately understood. The Tree God Domain was also equivalent to the World Tree’s ‘taking root’ area, so it had a connection with the World Tree territory, which meant that the Tree God could teleport to any corner of his hometown instantly. In this aspect, it had the style of the King.

“Not only is he tanky, but he can even run... Tsk, he must be imitating me!”

Han Xiao knew that he had beaten off the Tree God and shook his head.

The main reason was that the appearance of the Tree God was a little sudden for him, so he was not prepared. However, he had already completed his goal of sealing the Secret Tree King, and he had even accidentally exposed another trump card of the World Tree. He did not lose out.

Furthermore, with the Tree God’s tankiness, he might not be able to kill this guy before he mastered a way to attack the Information Form.

Speaking of which, why did this Tree God not attack him at the Information Form layer just now? Are there any conditions to use it, or could it be that the incomplete version of the Tree God could not use this move?

“Although this so-called Tree God doesn’t seem to be my match, it seems to have the ability to destroy Information Form, so I need to deal with it carefully... Also, after this battle, my combat power has been exposed, and I don’t know how the World Tree will react. I have to think about it carefully.”

Han Xiao pondered. He calmed himself down and opened the interface to take a look.

“However, I didn’t expect to trigger a mission like this. I thought that the challenge mission would only go as high as a Beyond Grade A. After all, it’s understandable to challenge Beyond Grade As. To let the players challenge Transcendents... So senseless? There’s no chance of success at all. To think that such a mission would be triggered.”

At this moment, Oathkeeper and Clotti finally relaxed. Their hands and feet were cold, and their hearts were still beating rapidly.

Although the battle had already ended, the terrifying pressure from the battle between the two Transcendents had already been deeply imprinted in their memories. It was like an ordinary person riding a small boat and being helpless in the storm. The indescribable terror that came from their instincts still lingered in their minds, leaving a deep impression that could not be erased.

“I didn’t expect that even a Super at my level would be so afraid. The difference between the life levels is too huge. Is this the Transcendent Grade...”

Oathkeeper wiped his non-existent cold sweat.

At this moment, he suddenly felt that being a follower seemed quite good...