Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1420 Online

In one of the Black Star Army bases, white light flashed, and countless army players appeared out of nowhere. Very soon, there was a veritable sea of people.

The players were already familiar with this. They opened the interface to look at the version number while opening the quantum network to look at the current time.

“Oh my, the time span for this version is only slightly more than ten years, much shorter than the last time.”

“It’s just a small version update, I guess.” “Didn’t the three Universal Civilizations say that the World Tree Civilization will enter the territory in ten years? The timing should be just right. It seems like Galaxy Times was right. This is the time for the update, right into the stage of the war.” “It’s not easy to finally get a universal war. As long as the version update doesn’t directly skip it, I’ll be satisfied.”

Many players browsed through the events of the past decade as they casually chatted.

There was nothing much worth paying attention to during the ten years of preparation. Only the changes in the Beyond Grade A population interested many players. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“No way, Lagi is already a Beyond Grade A Super?”

“The gambling dog Hadavy hasn’t advanced yet? Hahahaha, I knew it!”

“Nero’s life is really smooth-sailing. Is this what it means to be a part of the later generations...”

“F*ck! EsGod was already released, and he even killed a Tree King? Amazing!” “Tsk, there are too many new Beyond Grade As. The cost of collecting all the Wayne Cards has increased again.”

“F*ck, did Black Star and the Dragon Emperor announce their relationship? Damn it! There’s no hope for this old man anymore... My partner was born before I was, and they’ve already aged when I’m at my peak. Is this what a bitter life is like...”

“What are you thinking? Black Star is mine!” “They’re a perfect match, so how can a demon like me object? Boohoo...” Many army players flipped through the rumors of Beyond Grade As one after another, their gossipy hearts burning.

Initially, other than Han Xiao and a few other Beyond Grade As, the other top-notch experts did not have much contact with the players. The players did not have a deep impression of them, so they would not deliberately remember them. However, the existence of the Wayne Cards had become a bond between the two parties, which led to the players being extremely familiar with the names and deeds of every Beyond Grade A.

However, compared to the casual players, the professional players were more concerned about utilitarian matters. They were not in the mood to gossip and were mainly gathering useful information to discuss.

Maple Moon analyzed in a low voice. “The name of the version after this update has an additional ‘War of All Territories’. The World Tree will most likely be able to fight its way in. This should be the theme of the version.”

“Hmm, I did some research on the internet. The World Tree has already reached the border, but it is temporarily blocked by the Galactic Alliance Army. Furthermore, the World Tree invaded from the secondary dimension a few days ago and was forced to retreat. The current situation of the three Universal Civilizations isn’t too bad.”

Maple Moon looked at the interface and said, “The level cap has been unlocked for this version update. This way, the players in the top tiers should be able to enter the Calamity Grade.”

Frenzied Sword nodded in agreement and said, “As our overall strength increases, there will be more ways to increase our strength. Furthermore, some of our abilities will undergo a qualitative change. I think there will be a huge change in this Pro League.”

This mini version update did not take long, and the main storyline mission did not change. What the professional players cared about the most was that the level cap was unlocked from level 180 to level 200, and there was room for improvement.

“Let’s go to the frontline first and get to the command center to arrange a combat mission.”

“Let’s go. If we’re late, we’ll miss out on the good missions.”

The players were in an uproar for a while, before they finally understood the current situation. They all took their spaceships to the frontline, and streams of light left the base.

On the other side, the main planet of the Beyond Grade A Association.

Han Xiao had already announced the end of the meeting. When he returned to his room, he saw many players online through surveillance.

“Has his level been unlocked to level 200? As long as one doesn’t have too many subclasses, the players who grew themselves in the standard manner should be able to enter the Calamity Grade. The scale this time will be huge.”

If it was in the past, Han Xiao would have been afraid, but now, he had enough confidence. Even if a large number of players entered the Calamity Grade, they would not be able to cause him much trouble.

Although he had reached the Transcendent Grade, he had yet to reach the limit of that realm, thus he still had to harvest leeks. However, before the last update, he had already harvested a large number of players’ wealth. Now that the players had just come online, their wallets were dry. He had to wait for them to earn some money before he could reap the profits.

Furthermore, Han Xiao had found another way to farm EXP, and that was to use psionic waves to rampage on the battlefield. This speed was much faster than the mechanical army, and the cost was extremely low and convenient. Even if there was a level penalty, where the normal members of the World Tree could only provide the lowest 1 EXP, he took whatever he could get. The people of the World Tree revived continuously, thus they were perfect targets for gaining experience. Han Xiao decided that he had to have his cake and eat it too.

The players were already on track, so there was no need to worry too much. Han Xiao was more concerned about the meaning of the name of the version since he had no idea what the implications were behind it.

“No matter what, this is a clue...”

Han Xiao nodded to himself.

Under his influence, the direction of “Galaxy” was completely different from his previous life. He had also come into contact with many secrets that the players in his previous life could not touch. He did not dare say that he understood this universe completely. Even if the suspicion based on the name of the version was just groundless speculation, it was better to be cautious.

Han Xiao closed the interface and summoned Phillip to give some orders. He then changed into The King and teleported to Floating Dragon.

Currently, the entire Planet Aquamarine civilization had migrated, and Floating Dragon had followed them. They were currently taking refuge in the Central Galaxy.

In the huge palace of the Dragon Emperor, a light flashed, and Han Xiao’s figure appeared out of thin air. He turned around and walked toward Aesop’s residence.

Since there were no clues, he would ask the metaphysical.

He soon arrived at his destination and pressed the doorbell.

“You’re here?”

Aesop opened the door and invited Han Xiao

in.

Han Xiao did not stand on ceremony. He sat on the sofa and smiled. “How didn’t you foresee that I would come to find you?”

“Prophecy isn’t always effective. Ever since you became a Transcendent, prophecies regarding you have become more and more difficult...”

Aesop shook his head.

“That’s true.” Han Xiao nodded.

He had already done the test. As a Transcendent, his information projection state had undergone a sublimation, as if it had a certain level of information concealment property. It was difficult for outsiders to predict it.

“Why are you looking for me?” Aesop paused and said, “If it’s a prophecy, please forgive me for being powerless. I can’t use my ability for the time being.”

“Hmm? What happened?”

Han Xiao was slightly stunned. He looked at Aesop carefully and realized that Aesop’s face was dispirited, as though he had been seriously ill.

“When I received the passive prophecy the other time, I suffered a backlash. The target of my prophecy was an unprecedented mage who inflicted damage on me. My spirit still needs time to recover. Before that, I can’t help you...” Aesop coughed and said with a weak tone.

“You didn’t tell Ames?” Han Xiao raised his brows.

“No, she was too impulsive. I don’t know how she would react if she knew about this.”

Aesop shook his head. He rarely revealed important prophecy information to Ames and would only discuss matters with Han Xiao.

“I was going to tell you, but you rushed to the battlefield before I could say anything.”

“When did this happen?” Han Xiao asked.

“Calculating the time, I should have triggered the prophecy just before the expeditionary army outpost was attacked.”

Hearing this, Han Xiao narrowed his eyes.

Such a coincidence... Could it be the Secret Tree King? That guy was indeed a very powerful mage.

“Do you have any other memories of that mage?”

“No, my foresight was shattered. I can’t even remember what he looked like.” “Is that so...” Han Xiao pondered.” I might have guessed who this person is. He should be an expert from the World Tree.”

“How is he? Did he cause you any danger?”.

“Don’t worry, I’ve already sealed him up. If you’re angry, you’re welcome to visit him anytime.”

“Forget it then. I don’t have your bad taste.” Aesop waved his hand.

Han Xiao smiled, stood up, and was about to leave when Aesop suddenly said, “By the way, when will you and Ames reproduce?”

Han Xiao paused and said helplessly, “How would I know? I can do it anytime, but she doesn’t agree. We’ll have to see when she changes her mind.”

“Heh, she’s just being stubborn. As long as the mood is right, everything will be fine.” Aesop was instantly energized. “Back then, I traveled around the galaxy and made countless females fall in love with me. If not for my unwillingness, my children would have already spread across the various Star Fields. Let me tell you, I have quite a lot of experience in this area. Come, come, let me teach you some moves...”

“You should keep it for yourself. I don’t need it.” Han Xiao’s eyes twitched. “Eh, why not? This is all the spiritual wealth left behind by our predecessors. Once you’ve learned all these tricks, you’ll be able to convince Ames. I’m not even willing to teach anyone else... Hey, don’t go, at least listen!”

“Get lost.”

Han Xiao did not want to bother with this old man who had a rich history of love. He changed into The King and left, leaving Aesop in the room, sighing with regret. Holy Accord Organization Base, Destiny’s Child Laboratory.

With a flash of light, Han Xiao teleported over. The experimenters of the Holy Accord looked up, before continuing with their work.

Han Xiao woke Destiny’s Child up with ease. After communicating for a while, he let Destiny’s Child predict his concerns.

cerns

After a while, Destiny’s Child shook his head, indicating that he could not foresee it.

Seeing this, Han Xiao knew that his predictions would most likely not work. The other party had most likely used some sort of information concealment.

“Looks like I can only increase the screening intensity and pay attention to any abnormalities...”

Han Xiao pondered.

Central Galaxy, desolate universe belt.

In the secret base of the Star Alliance, a group of observers was gathered in a large room, staring at the device in the middle of the room.

This device was a cylinder with a diameter of about ten meters and a height of about fifteen meters. It was silver-gray, and its surface was connected to many wires. The indicator lights were flashing crazily, and there was a buzzing sound. This was a long-distance material transmission device.

After a while, the material transmission device suddenly shook, separating from the top and bottom. The pillar above slowly rose, and the interior of the pillar was revealed empty. There was a space covered by a transparent cover, and a white suitcase was lying inside. “My hometown sent it over.”

The Observer Captain stepped forward and twisted the valve. He opened the cover of the material transmission device, picking up the white suitcase from within, and opened it on the spot. Inside the suitcase were three white cans without any labels.

He took a pistol-like device from one of the team members and scanned the three cans one by one. After reading the numbers, he nodded.

“Confirmed. They are all particles that have been enciphered.”

Everyone was overjoyed. The Star Alliance had ordered the Observer Team to secretly leak information about the three Universal Civilizations. They had thought of many ways, including using the energy released by the Supernova to transmit a wave-like information surge to the entire universe, as well as using the Star position transmission method to secretly send messages to the World Tree, but they were all rejected. In the end, the Star Alliance chose to encode the tiny particles. They used the technology of microscopic transcription to spread the particles in the lower dimensions and record a huge amount of information. They then returned to their original form and turned the tiny particles into information carriers, containing all the information they wanted to leak.

The Star Alliance mass-produced a pile of coded particles and prepared to throw them out of the border through the wormhole. This would cause the storage device to self-destruct at a certain time, attracting the attention of the World Tree and spreading the particles at the same time.

They believed that with the technology of the World Tree, they should be able to discover the abnormality of these encoded particles and intercept them.

The Star Alliance had been developing for a long time, and they had a high level of technology. They also had some knowledge of information forms, and they had always provided information cover for the Observer teams. They were not afraid of being discovered through any prophecy. They had secretly stolen the technological results of the galactic society for many years, and they were confident that they would not be discovered.