Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Chapter 1421 Suspicion

Since he was suspicious, he had to take action. This had always been Han Xiao’s style. He told Phillip to monitor the intelligence of the galactic society and report any abnormal movements immediately. However, after being cautious for a few months, he did not discover anything. The situation was still changing. Because of the Pivotal Snake, the World Tree Civilization could not wait to attack the border defense circle again and again. The other troops entered the battlefield like there was no end to them and did not care about the damage. However, the Galactic Alliance Army was not to be trifled with. How could their defense line be broken so easily?

Even in the secondary dimension battlefront, the World Tree Blessed Races did not believe it and invaded many times. However, with Han Xiao in the shallow layer dimension, it was like an immovable guardian deity. The Blessed Races invaded again and again, but they lost every time. They abandoned countless fleets and escaped many times, allowing Han Xiao to gain a lot of wealth.

The worst part was in the individual strength level. The World Tree realized that they were being completely crushed. The Flickering World had Aurora, the healer, as well as EsGod and Herberlon, who were top-tier combatants; the World Tree experts were exchanging their injuries for nothing. The secondary dimension protector was Han Xiao, who was at the Transcendent Grade. Even the Tree Kings did not dare show their faces, so the others were useless.

All of a sudden, the Holy Tree Emissaries, Ancestral Spirits, and Army Commanders realized that there was no use for them in both battlefronts.

If they had already invaded the territory, they would have been able to move around in the universe nimbly with their individual strength, just like special forces. This would have affected the energy of the enemy civilizations and caused all kinds of damage. However, in the current situation, they could only wait for orders.

After a few months of war, the tens of millions of players had once again integrated into the atmosphere of it. They could choose both fronts, and the missions were much richer. Their wallets also became thicker. Unfortunately, Version 5.5 had unlocked a new level cap, and the players’ main goal was to level up. They did not have much money to spend.

As more and more players stepped into the Calamity Grade, the qualitative change also appeared. The players became more prominent on the battlefield, and the three Universal Civilizations paid more attention to them.

From the perspective of the upper echelons, the explored universe was rich in resources. They were able to fight the battle of attrition with the World Tree Civilization for a long period of time because of their strong productivity. However, there was always an end to this path, and the World Tree Civilization was superior in this regard. As time passed, the three Universal Civilizations felt that they would start to weaken sooner or later, and the various hidden dangers of wartime policies would gradually appear.

Of course, this kind of situation would not happen anytime soon, and they were not the ones who were troubled. The three Universal Civilizations were currently sitting on the high platform, and they wished to fight a war of attrition more than the World Tree in exchange for time for the Pivotal Snake to grow. Therefore, the players who had the Calamity Grade potential and could not be killed were important strategic weapons in the eyes of the three Universal Civilizations, and they were not afraid of exhaustion.

The situation had been good for the past few months, and the galactic society was filled with confidence.

Although the players did not know about the Pivotal Snake, after analyzing the situation on the surface, they felt that the three Universal Civilizations were definitely going to win. After learning Black Star’s operation, the matter would be settled with F2A[1]. With such an overwhelming advantage, how could they lose?

At this point, Han Xiao noticed something.

“All the members of the Super Star Cluster Alliance have set up secret stargates in their territory and gathered a large number of civilians, resources, and long-distance battleships. They are suspected to be preparing an escape?” Han Xiao flipped through the information, his expression changing as he pondered.

Facing the invasion of the enemy, these advanced civilizations left themselves a way out. It was normal for them to make backup preparations. Even though the entire population was optimistic about the war and their confidence was boosted, the advanced civilizations still planned for the worst, which was understandable. Han Xiao had noticed the Super Star Cluster’s actions before, but he had not taken it seriously.

However, because of the suspicion of the ‘War of All Realms’, as well as the fact that everything had been peaceful for the past few months, Han Xiao’s skepticism had become more and more serious. Right now, he was a little suspicious about everyone. Even though the Super Star Cluster Alliance’s plan was reasonable, it was still a little glaring in his eyes.

Han Xiao recalled the performance of the Super Star Cluster Civilization’s troops on the battlefield. Although they had completed their mission, he felt like they had not used their full strength.

In the past, he had thought that the Super Star Cluster was afraid of being used as cannon fodder by the three Universal Civilizations, so they were being cautious. However, when added to his skepticism now, he felt that something else was going on. After all, the conflict between the Super Star Cluster Alliance and the three Universal Civilizations was deeply rooted. It would not be their style if the Super Star Cluster Alliance did not seize the opportunity to do something in this kind of power reshuffling invasion.

“I feel like they’re not just making a Plan B, they have other plans as well...”

Han Xiao stroked his chin and made up his mind to gather the secrets of the Super Star Cluster Alliance.

Anyway, regardless of whether there was a problem or not, it was not a bad thing to investigate. It would be best if he could find some evidence.

After sending a message to Phillip, telling him to pay attention to intelligence about them, Han Xiao exited the quantum network and walked out of the room. A huge cloud appeared in his eyes. Pivotal Snake was hiding inside, and beside it was the stockman Realmless King, as well as a group of mechanical soldiers acting as bodyguards.

Everyone was currently in a secondary dimension, allowing the Pivotal Snake to devour as much as it wanted. Han Xiao had been using the portable fortress to stay close to it, and while protecting it, he was also thinking about how to speed up the Pivotal Snake’s growth.

Because of this, he had no choice but to do a full-body check of the Pivotal Snake. Of course, the Pivotal Snake was unwilling, but under his forceful control, it could only stare at Han Xiao with its cold and unwilling eyes, allowing Han Xiao to move its body back and forth.

After checking its body, Han Xiao realized that there was no gender difference in the Pivotal Snake, it could be said to be a hermaphrodite.

After a more detailed examination, Han Xiao also figured out how the Pivotal Snake reproduced, which made him feel a little complicated.

The reproduction of the Pivotal Snake needed to be done in a mating-like manner through the secondary dimension that had given birth to a consciousness, absorbing the secondary dimension in another way and turning it into an embryo. This kind of behavior could be called self-reproducing, or it could be said to be hybrid breeding. It just did not need the ‘help’ of its own kind.

However, thinking about it, it was likely that the Pivotal Snake would not be able to meet another of its kind in its lifetime. Furthermore, it was being hunted by the World Tree. If it could not reproduce alone, it would probably have gone extinct long ago.

The problem was that the Pivotal Snake usually ate secondary dimensions... In other words, this snake would reproduce with its food...

Furthermore, after sleeping with him, you still want to eat him up as nutrition... Are you a female praying mantis?

All kinds of thoughts flashed through Han Xiao’s mind. He looked at the Pivotal Snake who did not even bother to look at him, and had some ideas.

“No matter how much the Pivotal Snake eats, it will at most gain weight and will not enter the mature stage quickly. The growth of a creature has to follow the rules... But if I change the foundation of its existence, I don’t know if it will be effective.”

Han Xiao had a bold idea. If the Pivotal Snake was allowed to develop properly, who knew how long it would take for it to reach adulthood. However, if he used (Life Transformation-Virtual] to turn it into an artificial intelligence life form, the difference in life forms would be like the difference between heaven and earth. Would he be able to instill a large amount of data into it to speed up its maturity? The only problem was that he did not know if the Pivotal Snake could still keep its perception of the World Tree after its existence transformation.

Logically speaking, if the perception came from the Information Form level, it should not have any effect no matter what life form the Pivotal Snake had changed into.

However, Han Xiao did not dare take the risk. There was only one Pivotal Snake, and he could not reverse its transformation.

“If only I could get one more, I could experiment...”

Han Xiao narrowed his eyes and looked at the Pivotal Snake.

Why not... let this snake give birth now?

Speaking of which, it’s still a cub, can it stick it up?...

Han Xiao fell into deep thought.

While Han Xiao was studying about breeding, the World Tree Civilization made some discoveries.

In the Tree King’s palace, the Ancestral Tree King listened to the report from the frontline with a subtle expression.

“Is it confirmed? The particles you intercepted contained a lot of information about the enemy civilization?”

“That’s right. These particles used microscopic recording technology that involves the transformation of dimensions. We’re still trying to decode them and restore the specific content, but we can’t be wrong. There are many spatial coordinates and star maps of the enemy’s territory.”

“There’s such a thing?”

The Ancestral Tree King’s eyes flickered.

The two armies were at a stalemate at the border, and the World Tree had also built a base and placed it at the entrance of the three Universal Civilizations. Not long ago, an urgent report came from the frontline. The radar of the frontline station had discovered that there were abnormal spatial reactions and weak signs of energy explosions somewhere a certain distance away. Thus, they sent out an exploration team to check, afraid that the three Universal Civilizations were not satisfied with defending and were creating problems.

However, after some testing, they discovered that it was a temporary wormhole that had disappeared by the time the exploration team had arrived. To be cautious, the exploration team searched along the traces of the energy explosion, and the microscopic vision scanner quickly discovered that some special particles were floating in the area that seemed to have been scattered in all directions by the explosion. Therefore, the exploration team collected a portion of them, but they unexpectedly discovered a large amount of information related to the three Universal Civilizations.

When he first found out about this, the Ancestral Tree King’s first reaction was that it was a misleading tactic. He thought that it was fake intelligence from the three Universal Civilizations who wanted to trick them with false information.

The second reaction was that there was a traitor within the three Universal Civilizations. For some reason, they wanted to collude with the enemy... This was not the first time the World Tree had encountered such a thing. In their journey to conquer the universe, as long as the enemy was a composite civilization alliance, the internal structure would not be as solid as iron.

His third thought was that there was a third party, hoping to add fuel to the fire and fish in troubled waters... The World Tree was equally experienced in this.

“The variable actually appeared here...”

These thoughts flashed through the Ancestral Tree King’s mind, and a strange expression appeared on his face. He seemed to heave a sigh of relief, but there was also a sneer on his face.

He had been at his wits’ end for the past few months, and he had been worrying about the war with the three Universal Civilizations. He did not expect someone to send him a pillow[2] just as he was about to doze off. The most important thing now was to confirm if the intelligence was real. As long as it was not fake intelligence that the three Universal Civilizations deliberately released, there would be a favorable turn in the battle.

“Decipher all the contents as soon as possible and sort them out. At the same time, try to deduce the origin of this wormhole.”

The Ancestral Tree King did not hesitate and told the research department to quickly produce results.

Whether it was a traitor or a third party, no matter what their motive was, no matter if they wanted to make use of the World Tree... it did not matter to him. What was important was to eliminate the three Universal Civilizations and remove the biggest threat to the mother tree!

As for the other problems, once the threat was eliminated, the World Tree would once again be invincible. There would be plenty of time to slowly resolve them. The Ancestral Tree King had always been able to focus on the main conflict.

On the other side, Flickering World, Siebert Fortress, strategic command room.

“Reporting, there is an abnormal spatial reaction outside the border. It is suspected to be the formation of a wormhole.” The military radar sent out a notification.

The military officers present moved closer and looked at the source. They realized that the abnormal signal was outside the border defense circle, not too far from the World Tree camp.

“Can we investigate and see what’s going on over there?” a staff sergeant asked.

“Insufficient information. Recommended field inspection,” the military artificial intelligence replied.

Hearing this, everyone looked at each other and muttered softly.

The border defense army was stationed at various posts in the defense circle. If they left this place, it would be difficult for them to deal with the World Tree fleet without the endless supply of defense mechanisms and fast support channels. Therefore, the border defense army had always focused on defense and would not take the initiative to attack.

The source of the anomaly was outside the defense circle. If they wanted to field investigate, they would have to move the fleet. Not only did they keep an eye on the World Tree, but the World Tree also kept an eye on the defense circle. Once the border defense army sent out a fleet, the World Tree would definitely send troops over to fight in the field and eat the fleet they sent out. Furthermore, from the distance, the World Tree was closer to the abnormal reaction source. Even if they sent troops over, they would most likely not gain anything

Generally speaking, border troops rarely sent people to carry out such risky missions of unknown value. However... the players were perfect for this job.

[1] A Starcraft 2 Macro Bot. The bot is so powerful that you just need to press F2 (select all armies) and A (attack) to win

[2] Timely help