Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1428 Unexpected Discovery

The mechanical army swarmed out like a black tide and gathered together, covering the Lord’s Avatar. It quickly combined and turned into a huge Mechanical Deity that spanned across the galaxy.

Han Xiao controlled the gigantic Supreme Heavenly Venerate and cruised through the galaxy of the World Tree territory, heading toward the dazzling starlight.

Not long after, a planet wrapped in roots appeared in his sight, getting closer and closer.

Without saying a word, Han Xiao raised his palm, and a strong psionic light appeared in his palm. The next moment, a thick beam of light shot out and penetrated the planet like a spear.

A hole was left on the surface of the planet, and the internal structure of the planet was exposed through the hole. The crust, the mantle, and the core of the planet were clearly separated, like the layers of a cake.

After a moment of stagnation, the planet suddenly collapsed inward toward the opening. Its crust shattered and turned into a molten stream. The mantle surged violently, and the brightness of the planet’s core increased. Powerful light burst out from the center, and the next moment, the entire planet exploded, turning into an expanding ball of light.

Han Xiao’s body did not move at all, and his shield automatically blocked the strong shockwave of the planet’s explosion. The electric arcs were not damaged at all, as though there were layers of energy hurricanes surrounding him.

This time, he was here to cause trouble. He did not need to be as cautious as he had been more than ten years ago. What he wanted was to create a huge commotion. The next moment, the information state alarm was triggered. Not long after, the entire World Tree Civilization knew that Han Xiao had suddenly appeared and destroyed a planet.

Han Xiao had not gone far when the space around him fluctuated. Group after group of World Tree fleets passed through the World Tree Express and headed toward the area of the explosion. Without hesitation, they opened fire on the planet-sized Supreme Celestial Body.

A dense rain of light rained down on the Supreme Heavenly Venerate’s shield. However, while the thunder was loud, the resulting rain was small. It could only create large sparks of energy, unable to break through the seemingly indestructible shield. Han Xiao raised his hand and clenched his fist. Energy gushed out and crushed the battleships. Although he was surrounded by the fleet, he seemed to be the one surrounding all the enemies instead.

Very soon, more World Tree fleets arrived at the battlefield with the help of the World Tree territory’s rapid descent channel. They all joined the battle, and more and more battleships surrounded Han Xiao.

In the Tree King Palace on the other side, both the Ancestral Tree King and the Fortitude Tree King were paying attention to Han Xiao’s actions through the mental network.

“Why did this guy suddenly come here?” The Fortitude Tree King was shocked. “Is he planning to attack our territory alone?” “Looks like it.” The Ancestral Tree King narrowed his eyes.

“Should we stop him?

When the Ancestral Tree King heard this, he shook his head firmly. “There’s no need. He’s very difficult to deal with. Human wave tactics are very inefficient against him. We don’t know how many troops we’ll have to invest to stop him. We’ll also have to send a portion of the invading troops back. That’s exactly what he wants. He wants to divert our attention and obstruct our progress.”

“Then what should we do? Just watch him wreak havoc in our territory?”

“Since we can’t stop him, we won’t. Let the Mother Tree retract its territory and change its base. We’ll leave this place to him.”

The Ancestral Tree King spoke without hesitation.

There was another method, which was to use the Tree God’s Descent to fight a Transcendent Grade. However, after the last battle, the Ancestral Tree King felt that the incomplete Tree God’s Descent would not be able to defeat Black Star, so he decided not to waste the time and simply abandoned the

area.

Due to the connection of the mind network and the unique parent tree mechanism, the World Tree Civilization had a huge advantage, which was its astonishing executional ability. As soon as the Ancestral Tree King gave the order, the enormous World Tree territory immediately began to alter itself.

In the starry sky, the roots of the World Tree could be seen moving slowly, as though they were uprooting themselves. The ‘land’ that carried the World Tree was the universe of the territory. Usually, these roots were hidden, but now, they appeared one after another.

The planets turned into liquids and fused into the World Tree Root. The World Tree Root also retracted, and the space crack outside the planet disappeared.

For a time, the countless stars dimmed until they disappeared. The originally prosperous and bright galaxy slowly turned into a desolate universe. As the World Tree retrieved the planets, the Star Field was quickly recovering its original appearance. It was desolate, cold, and dark. Not a single blade of grass grew here.

Han Xiao, who was slaughtering the World Tree fleet, also noticed the abnormal changes in the universe space. This was also the first time he had seen the World Tree migrate its base. He gazed at the universe filled with tree roots, revealing their ‘uprooted’ state. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“You’re planning to move the moment you see me? How decisive.”

Han Xiao was surprised.

Without the ability of the roots, the World Tree fleet could not be deployed. The World Tree fleet present received the order and immediately ended the siege. They took advantage of the last moment to quickly teleport out, planning to retreat.

Han Xiao crushed another fleet. Suddenly, he activated the Tree God’s Character Summon Card.

Swoosh!

The next moment, space cracks suddenly appeared around the Supreme Heavenly Venerate. Roots shot out and swept across the fleet, swallowing the battleships.

The roots that he had summoned with his Character Summon Card flowed with blue light, completely different from the green World Tree itself!

“How can he use the power of the World Tree?!”

The Ancestral Tree King had been paying close attention the entire time, and he was stunned upon seeing this.

Could Black Star be a member of the World Tree?! Their kin?!!

That’s not right. How is this possible?

At the same time, the Mother Tree’s consciousness also reacted, and the Ancestral Tree King could sense the shock within.

The World Tree itself was also confused, wondering why a life form that was not controlled by it had the same power. Han Xiao was controlling the summoned roots to attack the fleet, and he was enjoying this novel feeling. Suddenly, he owned a bunch of ‘tentacles’, and he finally experienced the joy of being a Tree King. Right at this moment, a wave of mental fluctuations suddenly transmitted over, bringing along the Ancestral Tree King’s shocked voice.

“Black Star! How do you have the power of the World Tree?!”

”Guess?”

Han Xiao raised his brows.

He activated this Character Summon Card on a whim mainly to test if the root he summoned was connected to the World Tree.

After this attempt, he was certain that the roots of the Character Summon Card belonged to him and would not be controlled by the World Tree.

Even if he devoured the matter, he could only disassemble it into energy to replenish his own, unlike the World Tree, which preserved the information form and converted it. When the Character Summon Card’s effect ends, these temporarily summoned roots would automatically disperse, and the things he devoured during this period would vanish as well.

However, in the eyes of outsiders, these blue roots used him as the source. Their strength was extremely similar to the World Tree, but they were an independent entity. This made the Ancestral Tree King’s imagination run wild.

At this moment, information about the revivors and Immortals of the explored universe flashed through his mind. The Ancestral Tree King’s eyes widened, and he felt that he had found the truth.

“I understand! There’s actually another World Tree in the universe, and it’s on you!”

The information leaked by the Star Alliance included Han Xiao’s life. The Ancestral Tree King had always been surprised by how short Han Xiao’s rise had been. At this moment, he felt enlightened and found an explanation.

The undying characteristics of those Immortals were very similar to the members of the World Tree. If those Immortals were members of another World Tree, it would make sense. Black Star had been pretending that he had nothing to do with them, but he was secretly making a fortune. He was the one behind this!

“Two World Trees? You really dare to fantasize.”

Han Xiao could not help but laugh at the Ancestral Tree King’s imagination.

Just as he was about to say something, many spatial tunnels suddenly opened up around him, and green roots of the World Tree extended out, wrapping around Han Xiao’s blue roots. They twisted together like snakes, slowly wriggling, squeezing, pulling, and sticking. Seeing this, Han Xiao paused, and his expression suddenly became strange.

This scene, why does this look like a tongue kiss...

It was a little painful for the eyes to see...

The corner of Han Xiao’s eyes twitched. He could even feel the emotions of the World Tree from where the roots were intertwined. It was an extremely passionate and yearning thought that contained the desire to become one.

The power of the World Tree flowed along with the roots and into the blue roots. It was actively transferring its energy as if it could not wait to share the good stuff. The World Tree was also moving the power contained in the blue roots out of it as if it wanted to make a special ‘body fluid’ exchange.

“Is he treating the root I called out as a spouse?!?!”

Han Xiao’s eyes widened in shock, his body frozen stiff.

He had thought that when the original World Tree saw him, the blue version, they would be hostile to each other and would fight to the death. He did not expect that not only would they not fight, but the World Tree would take the initiative to ‘communicate’ with him. It did not have any hostility and was very passionate.

Could it be that... this was because the original World Tree had always been a unique existence that was lonely? Now that it had finally found someone of the same species, its mating habits were ignited, and its thirst unbearable. Its instincts claimed the upper hand?!

“The ancients did not lie to me. Two tigers cannot share one mountain unless it’s one male and one female.” Han Xiao’s interest was piqued.

On the other side, the Ancestral Tree King was completely dumbfounded. As the Tree King, he could feel the joy and excitement from the mother tree’s consciousness. Even his gaze toward Han Xiao was affected.

Han Xiao, who was supposed to be his enemy, suddenly became friendly in his eyes.

F*ck, we were about to fight to the death, why did Her Majesty surrender first?!

The Ancestral Tree King hurriedly shook his head to get rid of the influence of the Mother Tree’s consciousness. “What’s going on?”

Han Xiao came back to his senses, chuckled, and said with a teasing tone, “Didn’t you say there were two World Trees? I’m a male version, yours is a female, what do you think will happen?”

The Ancestral Tree King was furious. “Bullsh*t! Why is it that when a female sees a male, the female loses all will to fight? Shouldn’t it be the other way around?!” “Woah, I didn’t expect you to be so opinionated. To think you’re actually good at both fists and words.”

Black lines appeared on Han Xiao’s forehead. He turned around to look at the blue and green roots that were entangling him. Suddenly, he chuckled.

“This is too proactive. By the way, your mother tree is amazing!”

Although the Ancestral Tree King did not understand Han Xiao’s teasing, he knew that it was not a good thing. He felt a sense of sourness, and the green light on his body seemed to have become brighter.

He deactivated the telepathic communication, suppressed his anger, and ordered the troops to evacuate quickly.

Not long after, the World Tree finally returned to its base. The fleets that surrounded Han Xiao were either fleeing or dying and the World Tree Root, which was frantically looking for a mate, also reluctantly returned to the space channel. No matter how it teased, the blue root that Han Xiao had summoned with his Character Summon Card did not respond.

In reality, it was because the blue root was a temporarily generated rootless tree. It was akin to a castrated version of the World Tree. Since it was completely controlled by Han Xiao, it did not have any self-awareness, nor the ability to procreate. Not long after, the time for the Tree God Character Summon Card ended. The blue roots shattered inch by inch, turning into light fragments that dissipated. Only the Supreme Heavenly Venerate was left floating in the desolate universe.

The World Tree had already abandoned its territory, and all the planets and individuals had returned to the mother tree. They had completely evacuated. It was as if they had been frightened by Han Xiao alone and did not even want their base anymore. They had moved overnight... and that was the truth.

It was just two words, having face!

“Tsk, unknowingly, my deterrence is already so strong.”

Han Xiao shook his head and laughed.

If it was anyone else, they would most likely have run away because they would not want to lose face. A civilization as large as theirs would not be scared to the point of abandoning their homeland by him alone. At the very least, they would have to send enough troops to fight until they suffered heavy casualties and felt that they could not take it anymore. Only then would they have a reason to retreat. However, the World Tree did not care about such things and did not feel embarrassed at all. He had not even gone all out yet, and they had already retreated. Such enemies were the hardest to deal with.

“Although forcing the World Tree to move will give them some trouble, it won’t solve the root of the problem. However, this trip was worth it. I seem to have discovered something interesting.”

Han Xiao smiled. He did not expect the Tree God’s Character Summon Card to have such a miraculous effect.

“Now that I’ve used it for an experiment, this Character Summon Card has three more uses. It might be effective at the right time.”