Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1435 Counterattack

The news of the turn of the battle quickly spread to the upper echelons of the Galactic Alliance Army. The allied civilizations that were originally troubled by the World Tree’s invasion were pleasantly surprised. They worked together with the three Universal Civilizations to gather their forces, and the armies of the various Star Fields all flowed toward the Central Galaxy.

The fact that Han Xiao had matured the Pivotal Snake in advance was also made known to the various civilizations. Although Black Star had guided the war on more than one occasion, the impact it had on the upper echelons this time was still shocking. Everyone was originally prepared to fight hard for decades, but they suddenly realized that they did not need to suffer anymore and had the chance to achieve their task in one battle.

If the invasion of the World Tree was a disease, then Black Star had already developed a treatment to cure the illness before the health of the galactic society was greatly damaged, saving countless lives. With decades of wartime reduced, countless refugees and soldiers were saved.

Although it was a little corny, many upper echelons felt that using the word ‘hero’ to describe Black Star’s contributions to this war was not a problem at all.

As an important part of the Galactic Alliance Army, the upper echelons of the Super Star Cluster Alliance also received this information, and they could not help but be stunned.

“I didn’t expect the situation to change so quickly...”

In the conference room, the upper echelons of the Super Star Cluster gathered with complicated expressions. More than half a year ago, Black Star had forced them to terminate the relocation plan. Although the Super Star Cluster Alliance had lowered their heads, they naturally had some grievances in their hearts. Due to the agreement between the two sides, they could only stay for the time being, but they still did not plan to give up on the relocation plan. They originally wanted to use two to three years to observe the situation, and once the situation turned bad, they could restart the relocation plan at any time.

ev

However, they did not expect that in less than a year, the ‘great situation’ would be turned around by Han Xiao. The full invasion of the World Tree crumbled apart, causing the three Universal Civilizations to be free. This way, even if they wanted to migrate, they would lose the prerequisite. The current explored universe did not have a chaotic environment for them to carry out this plan. If they insisted, the three Universal Civilizations would have enough energy to deal with them.

“Sigh, we can’t leave even if we want to. It’s all because of Black Star. We didn’t seize the opportunity.” Someone was frustrated.

The Star Arc leader shook his head and said helplessly, “You’re wrong. This is a blessing in disguise. If not for Black Star stopping us from carrying out this plan, we would have been in trouble.”

Everyone thought about it and agreed.

No one had foreseen that in just half a year, the World Tree would be overwhelmed by Black Star. If they had really decided to migrate, they would have been screwed. This amount of time was not enough to complete the entire relocation plan, and they would not have been able to go far. At the same time, there would be no turning back for them, and they would be treated as traitors who leaked the information and become the target of public criticism. In that case, this was a blessing in disguise, and they had to thank Brother Black Star ?

Upon realizing this, everyone shivered.

At this moment, the Star Arc Leader said, “I feel that Black Star has already anticipated this change. After all, he has always been in control of the Pivotal Snake, and the current situation is in his grasp. Back then, he came to us and insisted that we give up on migrating. Other than taking into consideration the overall situation, he might have given us a subtle reminder and used his method to help us avoid this trap.”

Hearing this, the eyes of the Super Star Cluster upper echelons flickered.

The Star Arc Leader looked around, paused, and continued.

“Black Star did this not because he has any relationship with us, but because of the benefits. Just as he said, after the war ends, the conflict between the three Universal Civilizations and the Beyond Grade A Association still exists. He needs an ally with enough weight to help him expand further, so he helped us this time.”

“...What a dangerous guy.”

Many upper echelons of the Super Star Cluster shook their heads and sighed at Black Star’s farsightedness.

While they were still focused on the war, Black Star had already begun to plan for the post-war situation. What this revealed was Black Star’s firm confidence in this war. He believed more than anyone that the Galactic Society would be able to obtain the final victory... because the key to ending the war was in his hands. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

On the other side, when the Galactic Alliance Army was gathering, the Beyond Grade A Association also heard about the change in the situation from Han Xiao and was shocked.

“Beautifully done, Black Star. You’ve captured the lifeblood of the World Tree!”

In the conference room on the main planet of the association, this piece of good news made many Beyond Grade As excited.

They had been rushing to reinforce everywhere for more than half a year, and they could only deal with the invaders passively. They had no room to fight back, and they were all holding their anger in.

Ever since the start of the war, only the World Tree had been able to invade, and now, they could finally counterattack. Most of the Beyond Grade As present were excited and eager to give it a try. They looked at Han Xiao with admiration and appreciation.

Han Xiao knocked on the table and said, “I have already provided the coordinates of the World Tree’s main body to the three Universal Civilizations. They are currently gathering a large force and preparing to achieve their goal in one go. Everyone has to contribute.”

“Don’t worry, even if you don’t say it, we will still give it our all. My cannon is already thirsty!”

Sun Hunter waved his hand, his tiny body exuding a grand aura.

Manison said calmly, “We can finally end this war once and for all. It’s earlier than I expected.”

The majority of the people were overjoyed. Although they had the Sanctum to back them up and were not afraid of casualties, it was better to deal with painful things quickly. No one wanted to die several times in the long-term war.

Han Xiao raised his hand and gestured for everyone to not be so excited. He slowly said, “In this war, our chances of winning are more than ninety percent. Defeating the World Tree Civilization is only one aspect. After the war, we have more things to deal with. To prevent the three Universal Civilizations from kicking us to the curb after we’ve outlived our usefulness, I need everyone’s support.”

Hearing this, everyone held back their excitement and waited.

“What do you plan to do?” Kasuyi asked for everyone. “I plan to use the aftermath of the war to change the organizational nature of the association, turn it into a civilization regime, and form a true Third Force. With our reputation and strength in the war, the three Universal Civilizations will have no choice but to accept it. I am letting you guys know first. When the time comes, and I give the signal, everyone will fully support me,” Han Xiao explained.

“Have we finally reached this step? Don’t worry, we will definitely cooperate.”

Everyone’s spirits were lifted.

This was a crucial step in the transformation of the Beyond Grade A group. Everyone had expected this, and there were no objections. At this moment, Manison suddenly said, “We have to be careful of a problem. The three Universal Civilizations might have other thoughts under the premise that victory is within their grasp, and they might be interested in the power of the World Tree... We can help the three Universal Civilizations defeat their enemies, but we can’t let them control or subdue the World Tree and turn it into a weapon to deal with us. This definitely won’t do!”

Hearing this, everyone nodded in agreement.

The World Tree had already proved how terrifying it was. Originally, the combination of the Beyond Grade A Association and the Super Star Cluster Alliance could rival the three Universal Civilizations. If the three Universal Civilizations controlled the World Tree, their strength would expand to a new level and threaten the survival of the Beyond Grade As once again. This was an outcome that no one wanted to see.

Han Xiao’s eyes flickered, and he smiled. “So, when we fight, be careful and pay attention to the three Universal Civilizations. Don’t let them obstruct me.”

...

The three Universal Civilizations had designated a gathering area in the Central Galaxy. As the armies of the various Star Fields continuously arrived, the size of the fleet waiting there had reached an astronomical number.

The Federation of Light took out almost all the Multi-Dimensional Sky Opening Transportation Devices in their inventory and arranged them neatly.

Because the World Tree had retracted its troops to protect the mother tree, this battle could only be fought head-on. It was truly an all-out battle between both sides. The scale of the battle was the largest since the start of the war.

All the warriors on the ships had solemn expressions, and the atmosphere was filled with the air of a decisive battle.

On the players’ forums, the related threads were already being flooded.

The players naturally would not miss such a huge scene. Everyone had gathered and accepted the same mission to be the vanguard of the main army and find out the distribution of the World Tree Civilization’s troops in the main body’s dimension.

Regarding this, the players did not have any objections. In fact, they were even willing to do so. After all, no one was more suitable for this mission than them, and there was still room for them to perform on such a grand occasion.

However, most of the players were not mentally prepared for the sudden change in the war situation. They were all shocked. “Isn’t this version called War of All Territories? I thought the World Tree’s attack would last longer.”

“We might have made a mistake. Our invasion of the other side is the true meaning of the version name.”

“Speaking of which, with such a large-scale war, I feel that our influence is very limited... Damn it, are we going to watch CG again ?”.

“I don’t think so. I don’t think this battle will end anytime soon. I’m afraid it will become a meat grinder battlefield. It will probably be very tragic.”

“It’s hard to say. It’s not that the enemy isn’t working hard, but our army has Black Star.”

The players discussed endlessly on the forums. Although there were quite many complaints, they were still looking forward to the three Universal Civilizations’ counterattack.

On the other hand, the strategic command center was busy deducing the tactical arrangements of this battle and various possible scenarios.

Simon, Teny, and the other high-ranked officers were having a heated discussion, and Han Xiao and the others listened from the side.

“Our first wave of Immortals will be the vanguard and bring back more data. Then, we will use the Multi-Dimensional Sky Opening Transportation Devices to bombard the enemy with firepower. With 200,000 Keys of Destruction in a batch, we will send out 20 batches first. Then, we will cycle it a few times and try to damage the enemy’s strength.”

“After this, we will send out the main fleet in batches. Due to the limitation of the transmission device’s efficiency, we can only use the reinforced swarming tactic. It will take some time to ease the disadvantage of our troops, so this period will be the period with the highest casualties.”

“The enemy will guard the World Tree’s main body tightly. Our goal will be to break through the enemy’s defense zone, open a path to the World Tree’s main body, and destroy it. This requires the cooperation of high-level combatants.”

At this point, all the senior officers turned to look at Han Xiao.

Han Xiao knew what they meant, and he slowly said, “When the time comes, I will act as the arrowhead and lead the Beyond Grade As forward. You guys will be responsible for providing fire support.” “At that time, all the direct Beyond Grade As will listen to your commands,” Simon said with a solemn tone.

Beyond Grade As had strong individual combat strength and mobility, so they were the best choice to advance. According to the tactical deductions of the three Universal Civilizations, this battle would most likely be fought with high-level combatants. Thus, the importance of Black Star and the Beyond Grade As in this war was self-evident.

Han Xiao was already mentally prepared. What he wanted was the military strength of the three Universal Civilizations, which could help him reach the World Tree’s main body. Only then would he be able to carry out his real plan.

Although the three Universal Civilizations did not intend to engage in a blitzkrieg, with the speed of the World Tree’s troops production, there would be a large number of new troops every day. The three Universal Civilizations could not help but speed up their gathering.

A few days later, when the three Universal Civilizations saw that their forces were more or less gathered, they started the battle without hesitation.

In the vast universe, teams of fleets carrying the players drove into different Multi-Dimensional Sky Opening Transportation Devices and disappeared.

At the same time, in the secondary dimension world, the World Tree main body’s dimension.

The area of this space was far larger than an ordinary dimension. A towering tree stood in the middle, its leaves lush and verdant. There were dense cracks in space around it, and countless roots extended out from the treethis giant tree was the World Tree’s main body.

At this time, layers of protective shields covered the World Tree’s main body, and the seemingly endless World Tree fleet had been waiting here for many days. They formed layers of tight defense and were installed with countless weapons.

Buzz

All of a sudden, the sky in the distance flashed with light, and the scout team formed by the players descended, appearing in the vision of the World Tree fleet.

“It’s here...”

On a branch at the top of the World Tree, the Ancestral Tree King opened his eyes and looked in the direction of the enemy.