Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1436 Fight to Win or Die

The light of the Multi-Dimensional Sky Opening Transportation Devices faded, and the scenery outside the porthole of the players’ battleships turned into an incomparably vast green world. The huge World Tree’s main body stood in the distance, and the endless World Tree fleet surrounded it like a green sea of light.

The distribution of the World Tree troops appeared in their eyes. It seemed to cover every inch of space, and it was extremely packed. It was enough to trigger trypophobia in ordinary people and make one’s scalp tingle.

Countless spaceships adjusted their cannons at the same time and aimed in the direction of the players, ready to fire at any moment and smash them into pieces.

It was as if they could smell the strong scent of death. However, the players were not afraid at all. Instead, their blood was boiling, and they were trembling with passion.

“Hahahaha-Little saplings, to think that you would also have this day!”

“Brothers, charge!” “For the tribe!”

“The sacred forum is connected to us!”

“Watatata, die!”

The tens of millions of players shouted excitedly and dispersed!

Batch after batch of battleships split up without hesitation and charged in all directions. “Fire!”

As the Ancestral Tree King gave the order, countless cannons were fired, forming a tsunami of light cannons without any gaps. When the wave swept past, a large number of players, including the shields and hulls of the ships, were instantly crushed into powder!

In just one exchange, the players’ fleet suffered huge casualties!

However, a portion of the Multi-Dimensional Sky Opening Transportation Devices operated in different groups, forming a teleportation channel that could be activated at all times. New troops would be teleported out every moment, and the rest of the Multi-Dimensional Sky Opening Transportation Devices operated together. They were specifically responsible for large-scale deployment, and the combination of the two teleportation methods ensured that there would not be a vacuum at the frontline.

A large number of players died, and new players continued to enter the battlefield, bringing back detailed information about the main body’s dimension of the World Tree... Because the communication was restricted, it was difficult for normal scouting troops to send messages to the headquarters, and the players who could revive were the most unrestricted intelligence agents.

The World Tree Army’s firepower was endless, and the enemy ships exploded into fireworks. However, at this moment, the players suddenly stopped teleporting, and in their place were densely packed Keys of Destruction.

“Shield!”

The roars of the various commanders could be heard from the World Tree’s mental network. The outermost layer of defense immediately activated its response measures. Space expanded, lengthening the distance and turning into a deep region to cushion the bombardment. It was the Lerbo Space Protection Belt.

The next moment, batch after batch of Keys of Destruction emitted a blinding light, as though hundreds of thousands of suns were rising. Violent energy poured out like a floodgate!

Boom!

The high-density energy explosion caused the space to distort, and the source of the explosion seemed to have become a singularity. The surrounding space collapsed, showing the folds of the vortex-like space.

Immediately after, a world-rending light burst forth and spread out rapidly. It only slowed down after entering the Lerbo Space Protection Belt, like a wave on a beach. Its momentum gradually slowed down, and finally, it touched the outer layer of the defense circle’s anti-explosion shield. It exploded with powerful electric arcs, leaving large cracks on the shield.

The Keys of Destruction’s cleansing was repeated many times, but most of its power was reduced by the space protection belt. The remaining power shattered layers of protective shields, causing considerable damage to the World Tree fleet in the outermost layer of defense. However, the maintenance fleet was constantly repairing the shields, causing the Keys of Destruction’s bombardment to stop at the outer layer.

If it was an ordinary secondary dimension, it would have exploded from the inside under such an energy explosion. However, the toughness of the World Tree main body’s dimension far exceeded common sense, and its spatial strength was stronger than even the main universe. Furthermore, it was reinforced by the World Tree fleet with a large number of spacetime stabilization devices, making it extremely sturdy.

The players explored the battlefield and used the Keys of Destruction multiple times to wipe out the World Tree battleships. The rear battleships kept moving forward to replace the World Tree battleships, maintaining the protective shield. One side was acting like a bomb, while the other side was defending.

After another batch of Keys of Destruction exploded, the official troops of the Galactic Alliance Army finally arrived in groups.

Due to the limitations in the teleportation, the mission of the vanguard troops was to withstand the attacks of the World Tree and buy time for the follow-up troops, allowing the Multi-Dimensional Sky Opening Transportation Devices to continuously send troops over. Only when there were enough troops present would the first phase of the mission be considered a success. Only then would they be able to enter the next phase of the large-scale head-on battle.

The Galactic Alliance Army at the scene immediately took action. The division of labor was clear—the construction team constructed a base, built magic gates that connected straight to the main universe to add new channels for deploying troops. The guards surrounded the area, preparing to defend against the attacks of the World Tree, while the harassment mission was temporarily handed over to the Spacetime Splicing Technology suicide squad.

The Lerbo Space Protection Belt extended the distance between the two parties, causing the Galactic Alliance Army to have to travel for a long time to reach the outermost defense circle of the World Tree.

On the other hand, if the World Tree wanted to attack the Galactic Alliance Army, it did not need to travel in the Lerbo Space Protection Belt and could teleport directly. This was because this was the main dimension of the World Tree, and it had the ability of the ‘World Tree Express’. All the members of the World Tree had the ability to teleport quickly and could appear anywhere.

The World Tree Civilization had the home-ground advantage here. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

The next moment, green lights flashed, and batches of World Tree fleet appeared, directly crossing the Lerbo Space Protection Belt.

Looking at the densely packed armies of the three Universal Civilizations outside the window, countless World Tree warriors revealed fearless expressions.

Although their thoughts were controlled by the World Tree, the members of the World Tree still had their own consciousness and treated the World Tree as a totem. Now, they only had one thought, and that was to repel the three Universal Civilizations at all costs. “For the mother tree! Kill all the enemies!” The World Tree soldiers let out a shrill battle cry and controlled the battleships to attack.

“Stop them!” The officers of the Galactic Alliance Army also roared and gave orders.

One side carried the flames of revenge for their compatriots, while the other side carried the determination to fight to the death. The strong collective consciousness clashed and tangled into a Psychic Current that wreaked havoc throughout the entire battlefield. Countless people could vaguely see two huge beasts biting each other.

Immediately after, the two armies clashed. In an instant, it was as if the sky was collapsing!

As soon as they started fighting, the situation became one-sided. Due to the large difference in strength, the World Tree fleet quickly gained the upper hand and broke through the Galactic Alliance Army’s formation on a large scale.

The vanguard of the Galactic Alliance Army struggled to hold on. The pressure did not only come from the large number of enemy troops stationed in the main dimension but also from the harassment of the World Tree itself.

Every time the Galactic Alliance Army’s forces were teleported to the battlefield, space cracks would appear all around them, and dense tree roots of the World Tree would extend out and smash the starships.

In the main body dimension, the Mother Tree’s consciousness could control the World Tree Roots to block the enemy. Its destructive power might not be strong, but it was definitely a powerful method to disrupt the battle.

The World Tree and the Universal Civilization Army’s special technological troops did not rest either. They used genetic bombs, dimensional weapons, and viruses at times. All kinds of technologies were being used.

Batch after batch of fleets was sacrificed, and more troops were teleported over. The number of troops increased and decreased like roller coasters, but the overall trend was still on the rise. The speed of the battle casualties was not as fast as the speed of the reinforcements sent by the Multi-Dimensional Sky Opening Transportation Devices.

The two armies clashed with each other, and the battlefield was extremely chaotic. The number of casualties increased at a terrifying speed.

“Attack, attack! We can’t let the enemy defile the mother tree!”

Frenzied fighting spirit spread through the mental network, infecting all the World Tree members.

However, no matter how agitated they were, they could not determine the direction of the battle. The two sides had been fighting for a long time, and the Galactic Alliance Army had already passed the most dangerous early stage. At this time, the number of troops present had already reached a large scale, and they gradually broke free from the disadvantage and began to fight against the World Tree fleet.

In the chaotic battlefield, one of the World Tree’s battleships nimbly shuttled between the curtains of bullets, dodging attacks from all angles. It continuously shot out beams of light energy bullets, shattering the enemy battleships like a whip. The pilot clenched his teeth, his eyes bloodshot.

When he neared a Galactic Alliance Army combat squad, the firepower covered his ship. The pilot immediately activated teleportation, and the entire spaceship disappeared from the spot, dodging a round of firepower.

The next moment, his spaceship appeared in the middle of this squad. The pilot did not hesitate to remove the limiter on the reactor, turning the entire spaceship into a large bomb, wanting to self-destruct and eliminate this enemy team. However, at this moment, an invisible force field suddenly pressed down, directly crushing his spaceship into dust, turning his roar into nothingness.

Hundreds of Beyond Grade As appeared in the growing army formation of the Galactic Alliance Army. Heavenly judgment descended, instantly destroying a large portion of the World Tree troops that were attacking.

A gigantic Mechanical Deity was also exposed in the vision of both parties. It was Han Xiao’s Supreme Heavenly Venerate, and its Transcendent Grade energy fluctuations instantly attracted the attention of all the soldiers and officers on both sides.

The members of the World Tree were already traumatized by Han Xiao.

The soldiers of the Galactic Alliance Army were the exact opposite. They were overjoyed.

“Attention, the Beyond Grade A Association is on the move! We are officially launching a counterattack!”

The entrance of the high-level combatants was a signal. It meant that their strategy had entered the second stage; from defense to offense.

The Galactic Alliance Army had accumulated enough troops and no longer focused on defense. They finally launched a ferocious counterattack and advanced toward the World Tree’s main body from all directions.

“The Lerbo Space Protection Belt will be able to stop them for a very long time. The enemy won’t be able to break into our official defense circle in a short period of time. We can use the strategic depth to deal more damage to them...”

Seeing this, many World Tree members had the same thought, but the next moment, their expressions changed.

Han Xiao’s Supreme Heavenly Venerate raised his arm and shook it in the direction of the World Tree fleet’s defense circle. A strange spatial fluctuation was released, covering the Lerbo Space Protection Belt in an instant. The next moment, the Lerbo Space Protection Belt quickly lost its effect, and the extended space shrank back to normal.

However, this was not the only change. Originally, even if the Lerbo Space Protection Belt lost its effectiveness, there was still some distance between the two armies. However, the sudden reversal shortened the distance. In the blink of an eye, the main force of the Galactic Alliance Army was right in front of the defense circle. There was no need to waste time on the road.

The Universal Treasure technologies provided by the Saint Tyracles Race, the ‘Space Constants Modifier’, had already been improved by Han Xiao. The moment it was used, it showed a brilliant effect, and the function of the Lerbo Spatial Protection Belt was directly neutralized.

The shortening of space was extremely helpful to the galactic alliance army. The World Tree Civilization’s expression changed.

“Charge!”

After doing this, Han Xiao spun the Emperor Skysplitter Blade, and the gigantic Supreme Heavenly Venerate advanced forward, tearing apart the World Tree fleet’s formation. Psionic waves shot out freely, paralyzing the enemy ships.

The Beyond Grade As followed closely behind with grim expressions. They seemed to have formed a sharp blade and stabbed into the World Tree’s defense circle.

Everywhere they passed, the World Tree battleships exploded!

Such an arrogant advance was immediately met with the large-scale focus fire of the World Tree fleet, but the Galactic Alliance Army was providing cover.

Just as Han Xiao was about to penetrate the outermost layer of defense, another Transcendent Grade aura suddenly descended, sweeping across the entire battlefield like a hurricane.

The Ancestral Tree King had already sacrificed himself, burning the remaining stock of the Beyonder’s Vestige and activating the descent of the Tree God.

If there was no Transcendent like Black Star among the enemies, the Ancestral Tree King would still have a chance. He could use the Information Form revival mechanism of the Tree God to let the World Tree look like they were defeated on the surface, but in reality, they could resurrect elsewhere and return to the dark to recuperate. However, in the face of a Transcendent’s Information Form Obliteration, this path was no longer possible. Furthermore, as long as the Pivotal Snake did not die, the World Tree would have nowhere to hide. The Ancestral Tree King had no way out.

At this moment, the Tree God, who was only driven by his instincts, led the remaining high-level combatants of the World Tree to face Han Xiao and the others head-on. All of them were filled with tragic battle intent. “Even if I die, I won’t let you pass!”

“Kill!”

They were enemies, there was no need for any unnecessary words.

Bang!

Without hesitation, Han Xiao charged into the Tree God’s arms and stabbed his blade into the Tree God’s chest.

Two enormous Transcendents tangled together and rolled in the battle formation, crushing the starships in the sky.