Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1437 Liberation of the Crown

The Emperor Skysplitter Blade revolved in the hands of the Supreme Heavenly Venerate like a light wheel, shooting out countless blue high-density psionic energy blades, shattering all the starships and mechas in its path. It left a blank space in the dense defensive formation, akin to a searing streak of light that never dissipated.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! The blades of light landed on the Tree God’s body one after another. The roots of the tree were cleanly cut in half, but sprouts quickly grew from the broken parts, repairing and closing the wounds.

As the Mechanical Force surged, the mechanical army was like a black and gold thundercloud, colliding with the green energy tsunami created by the Tree God, causing explosions around the two giants.

Buzz

The two of them released their domains at the same time. The grayish-blue Void Domain and the green Tree God Domain collided and pressed toward each other. They rubbed against each other like tofu, creating dazzling electric arcs.

During this process, Han Xiao and the Tree God’s bodies expanded endlessly. They rolled and fought together, colliding more than a thousand times in an instant. The shockwave sent all the spaceships flying.

This was not the first time the two of them had fought. The Tree God was still in an irrational state, but Han Xiao could clearly feel that the power of the Tree God had increased a lot. It was not as easy to deal with as the last time, especially since the strength of the Tree God Domain had increased tremendously.

The closer he got to the main body of the mother tree, the stronger the power of the Tree God became. This was especially so when he was in the main body dimension of the World Tree. The ability of the Tree God was enhanced, and it also had the ability to teleport without any cooldowns. It was extremely agile, and the most disgusting thing was that its regeneration speed was also shocking. Even Han Xiao felt that it was troublesome.

Under the enhancement of various factors, the Tree God actually managed to restrain Han Xiao’s advancement for a while, even forcing Han Xiao to retreat far away from the mother tree.

“Looks like it won’t be that easy to deal with this fellow...”

Han Xiao had already expected this. He had suspected that the Tree God would be buffed in the main body dimension, so he was not surprised.

His advance was blocked, but he was in no hurry at all. He focused on fighting the Tree God, waiting for his various talents to take effect, which would continue to increase his combat strength. The last time he extracted the ability of the Tree God, he had obtained some obscure information. He guessed that the enemy had to pay a huge price to summon the Tree God, and it was not a long-term method.

Therefore, Han Xiao was not in a hurry to achieve anything. In his eyes, as long as he dragged this out, the Tree God would eventually weaken.

If not for the fact that he had attacked the World Tree’s old home, he reckoned that the Ancestral Tree King would not have been willing to stop him.

While the two Transcendent Grade Supers were fighting, the Beyond Grade As on both sides were also engaged in battles. All the Beyond Grade A Mechanics temporarily put aside their pin the strategic command center Allersonal grudges, and the mechanical army formed a formation, pouring out fierce firepower. The Mages summoned their respective Mage Pagodas and connected to each other, building large-scale magic circuits. They were like mobile formations, continuously releasing all kinds of large-scale attacks.

Mechanical Deities wreaked havoc on the battlefield one after another. Manison’s silver mechanical body waved its trident and swept across a large area. His Indestructible Mechanical Troops stood beside him in an awe-inspiring manner. Herberlon finally had the chance to take revenge, starting a massacre. He let out a soundless roar even as he tore apart the roots of the World Tree.

On the other side, EsGod and his dozens of doppelgangers were traversing the battlefield. Their various Esper Abilities toyed with many World Tree experts. Not far away, Evans activated his [Energy Control] Esper Ability with all his might, gathering all kinds of energy from the battlefield and smashing it toward the World Tree fleet.

Hila’s expression was solemn as she controlled the red tide of death, raising waves one after another and swallowing the enemy ships. Aurora, on the other hand, had a solemn expression and was emitting vitality. She continuously treated her injured teammates and summoned a large number of spirits to enter the battlefield from time to time.

Kasuyi was burning with an unlimited amount of mana, and his psychic energy was surging nonstop, shattering the thoughts of countless World Tree Blessings. In another area, Feidin held the Soul Swapper in his hands and strolled around the battlefield. The surrounding battlefield became a forbidden zone for life, and all the souls of the enemies were crushed.

The Pugilists no longer fought alone. Instead, they formed a battle formation. Sierron, Mercer, Heber, Viru, Jotina, Kohler, and the others launched a collective Iron Head Charge, turning the defenses of the World Tree fleet upside down. Their fists punched continuously, their voices of ‘OraOra!’ echoing in the dimension.

Karlot was among them. He drove Silver Shadow and crashed into enemy ships one after another.

‘Quantum Demon Spirit’ Judith, ‘Defender’ Romo, ‘Mechanical Queen’ Mornisa, and the others set off wave after wave of data attacks in the Virtual Network. ‘Army Flag’ Enid activated his ability, enveloped all of his allies in a buff halo, and together with Aurora, they increased the overall strength of the Beyond Grade As.

As they had not hesitated to invade the galactic society some time ago, many of the high-level combatants of the World Tree Civilization had died, and they had yet to revive. They did not expect to be counterattacked by the three Universal Civilizations so quickly, and this weakness had become a huge pit, causing the current high-level combatants to be far inferior to the three Universal Civilizations.

Thus, not long after the battle had started, the Beyond Grade As of the three Universal Civilizations displayed their abilities and beat the World Tree experts until they bled.

One after another, the Holy Tree Emissaries and ancestral spirits stared with bloodshot eyes. They were filled with unwillingness as they died in battle.

The high-level combatants were the sharpest blades, and they charged the deepest. In other directions, the armies of the three Universal Civilizations were also attacking the World Tree’s defense circle. The battlefronts were in a deadlock, shifting back and forth.

“The current situation is advantageous to us. The longer the battle lasts, the more troops we can send out, and the pressure on the World Tree will continue to increase. It’s impossible for them to maintain the frontline!”

In the strategic command center, all the upper echelons gathered together and looked at the real-time battle situation on the virtual strategy sand table. The atmosphere was tense.

Simon placed his hands on the table and said with a deep voice, “I’ve roughly divided the defense circle of the World Tree into five layers. Our main force is fighting on the outermost layer, and the Beyond Grade As have broken into the second layer. Black Star was about to break into the third layer, but he was forced back to the second.”

“The World Tree Civilization is also going all out. It seems like we won’t be able to penetrate the enemy’s defenses in the short term,” an officer commented.

Simon nodded in agreement. His tone was solemn as he continued: “If we exhaust the World Tree’s forces at the outermost perimeter, the troops inside will come out to reinforce our defenses. Furthermore, because the World Tree fleet can teleport indefinitely in this space, we will not be able to break out of the encirclement in a normal sense. We will either have to face the enemy head-on or defeat the enemy’s army... Therefore, before both sides’ forces are exhausted to a certain extent, our main force will not be able to open the situation.”

Everyone had a serious expression and understood what he meant.

This was a bloody battle, and the casualties would be astronomical.

“As the attacker, we have the upper hand in the short term, but in the longer term, our future in a protracted war is not good.”

Simon paused.

“The speed of our reinforcements is far slower than the World Tree. The World Tree is sending out troops every second from the roots, allowing them to immediately return to the battlefield... Although we can use the tactic of adding weight to increase the pressure on the World Tree, if the stalemate continues for a long time, the situation will probably turn around when all our troops are deployed.”

Everyone was shocked. This situation was not impossible. If the World Tree Civilization erupted with astonishing tenacity and withstood their continuous attacks, their attacks would decline at some point in time. No matter how many advantages they had accumulated before, they would be taken back.

This time, Simon changed the topic. Pointing at Black Star in the strategic sand table, he said with a deep voice, “We can’t count on the victory of the main force for now. The ones that are most likely to break the stalemate are the Beyond Grade As. With Black Star leading the way, as long as they can get rid of the obstruction of the enemy’s high-level combatants, they will be able to advance quickly. They are the breakthrough point of this battle, and they might be able to influence the outcome.”

All the officers and the leaders of the three Universal Civilizations nodded.

Although it seemed like Black Star would not be able to get rid of the Tree God anytime soon, after experiencing so much, everyone had strong confidence in him and had high hopes.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

One black and one green Transcendent clashed countless times. As his various talents were activated, Han Xiao’s attributes increased bit by bit. The more he fought, the stronger he became, and he gradually suppressed Tree God.

Because the Tree God had an extremely high absorption rate toward energy attacks, Han Xiao could only use physical attacks against him. The black torrent formed by mechanical particles transformed into all kinds of forms, leaving wounds on the Tree God’s body.

Very soon, Han Xiao started to push forward again with unstoppable momentum. The Tree God hurriedly released a series of World Tree Roots to wrap around the Supreme Heavenly Venerate, trying to stall him. However, these roots were all easily torn apart by Han Xiao and crushed into dust.

“Without the incomplete state of rationality, it can only rely on its instincts to fight, and cannot release its full strength. It’s a pity.”

Han Xiao spun his blade and chopped off the head of the Tree God. Seeing the head of the Tree God regenerate rapidly, he shook his head.

However, right at this moment, the Tree God suddenly jolted, and the chaotic emotions of the beast subsided. For the first time, a clear mental thought came to him. It was the consciousness of the Ancestral Tree King.

“Black Star! Don’t even think about getting

past me!”

“Eh, you regained consciousness?”

Han Xiao raised his brows. He was curious about what method the Ancestral Tree King had used to regain his rationality and take over the control of the Tree God.

Just as the Ancestral Tree King took over the body of the Tree God, its fighting style immediately changed. The fighting style was no longer rough and a lot of details were added.

Although his strength did not increase, the actual combat strength that the Tree God displayed had increased significantly. It was like a completely different person.

At this moment, in the inner space of the Tree God, the illusory figure of the Ancestral Tree King was floating. His senses were connected to the Tree God’s vision, and he looked at Han Xiao with a determined expression.

Until just now, the Ancestral Tree King was trapped in the consciousness of the Tree God and was in a state of chaos. However, the World Tree finally realized that it was facing a great calamity. The will of the Mother Tree descended, allowing the Ancestral Tree King to wake up alone. It also took back the crown positions of the Fortitude Tree King and the Subduing Tree King, handing them all to the Ancestral Tree King. Its meaning was very clear. It was to let the Ancestral Tree King fight alone.

This was something the World Tree had learned from the process of those previous tree kings who had attempted to break through to the Transcendent Grade. Burning the information state foundation of the Ancestral Tree King allowed him to enter a state similar to the advancement of the Transcendent Grade, but he was still controlled by the World Tree. This way, the consciousness of the Ancestral Tree King would be connected to the senses of the Tree God and could control the Tree God alone.

The price was to temporarily deprive the Ancestral Tree King of the chance to revive. If he could survive, he would be able to return to the mother tree’s embrace after exiting the tree god state. However, if he died in this state, the Ancestral Tree King would then end up like those tree kings who failed to advance to the Transcendent Grade, unable to revive. This was the disadvantage.

However, this was the will of the Mother Tree, and the Ancestral Tree King had no right to choose.

Han Xiao said with a calm tone, “With your control, the Tree God is indeed much stronger, but if you think that this small change can stop me, you’re overthinking it. Furthermore, how long can this state of yours last?”

“Do you think you’ve won?!”

The Ancestral Tree King’s expression was stern. Without saying a word, he activated [Tree King Crown – Liberation).

In the void, the Subduing Tree King Crown that represented the Pugilist class shattered!

The experience and skills accumulated by every generation of the Martial Tree King were all integrated into the Tree God. At the same time, the origin power of the crown seemed to have become a catalyst, instantly increasing the combat power of the Tree God!

A seemingly endless amount of energy suddenly surged out from deep within his body and spread throughout his entire body in the blink of an eye.

“Ahhh,”

The intense pain invaded the mind of the

low growl. However, his mental strength did not weaken. Instead, it was stimulated and quickly strengthened. The next moment, green muscles suddenly grew out of the Tree God’s body. The originally dry tree body suddenly became burly and round.

This feeling was as though the original Tree God was just a skeleton. Only now did the flesh and blood appear on the skeleton.

The Tree God Domain that was originally at a disadvantage suddenly expanded, pushing Han Xiao’s Void Domain away.

[Tree King Crown – Liberation) could strengthen the combat power of the Tree God, and the corresponding Tree King Crown had to be sacrificed. Losing the right to be the Tree King for a long period of time would require thousands of years to recover, and the price was huge!

However, to reduce the losses, the Ancestral Tree King sacrificed the title of the Pugilist without hesitation!

Ancestral Tree King’s emotions were affected as if a pile of dry wood had been touched by a spark, and his battle intent soared.

“My strength is far from my limit! Black Star! Only when you die will we be at peace!”