Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1439 Exhausted

This was a deep and vast space, like a real universe. The black velvet curtain was decorated with green stars, bright and dazzling

Suddenly, a green light appeared out of nowhere, spinning and expanding, turning into a wormhole-like vortex and spitting out Han Xiao’s figure.

Han Xiao quickly stabilized himself and looked around curiously.

“Where did you bring me?”

He glanced at the interface, and the combat information showed his current state. He had been ‘swallowed by the Tree God. This universe-like world was the inner space of the Tree God.

The next moment, Han Xiao immediately felt the repulsion of the entire world. Pressure came from all directions, suppressing his strength. The Void Domain was so compressed that it could only stick to the surface of the body, almost becoming a flat membrane.

At the same time, Han Xiao also discovered that an unknown corrosive force was continuously reducing his health. It was shown in his status bar as the ‘World Tree’s Digestive Function’.

“So, I’ve fallen into the stomach of the World Tree.”

Han Xiao thought to himself.

Buzz!

Right at this moment, the green light in front of Han Xiao’s eyes shrank and condensed into the body of the Tree God. Its injuries had already recovered, and it stood in the distance.

“Black Star, our battle is not over yet,” the Ancestral Tree King said with a deep voice.

Han Xiao sized him up and said, “This is your inner space, right? How dare you suck me in? You’re really not afraid of death.”

Releasing the Inner Spatial Domain did not have any side effects, because it was just a projection of power, just like the descent of a secondary dimension. However, absorbing the enemy into the Inner Spatial Domain was the opposite. This was a dangerous action. If the Inner Spatial Domain was destroyed, the Transcendent would be heavily injured, which was equivalent to exposing their vital points to the enemy.

However, in the inner space, the enemy’s strength would be greatly suppressed, and the user would receive a higher boost. Therefore, this was a double-edged sword.

No matter how tanky Han Xiao was, he was not willing to suck any enemy into his body. This would only increase the risk. In his eyes, the Ancestral Tree King was putting everything on the line without thinking. “If you don’t die, the mother tree will never have a day of peace. This will be where you die!”

The Ancestral Tree King’s tone was fierce, and he attacked without hesitation. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Countless green lights shot out toward Han Xiao like meteors.

Seeing this, Han Xiao lifted the Emperor’s Cape, and the thick psionic shield blocked the dense rain of light.

At the same time, he ordered his mechanical army to open fire, but they did not attack the Tree God. Instead, they exploded in all directions, triggering many energy bombs. Under normal circumstances, attacking the inner space was akin to turning the world upside down in the other party’s body. The damage would be reflected back to the Tree God.

However, the next moment, something that Han Xiao did not expect happened. The Tree God was not affected at all, and he even gave up all his defenses. His attacks were extremely fierce, as though he was not worried about his internal space being damaged at all.

Han Xiao was a little surprised. His Void Domain was suppressed, and the Tree God was like a fish in water in his internal space. His strength was decreasing, and he had no choice but to defend.

“Interesting. Your inner space won’t be damaged?”

Han Xiao narrowed his eyes and observed the flow of energy while resisting the attacks of the Ancestral Tree King.

Not long after, Han Xiao’s eyes lit up, and he smiled.

“I see. I have roughly guessed it. Your inner space is connected to the World Tree and you transferred all the damage, right?”

The ancestral tree king’s heart tightened, but he did not reply. His attacks became more intense.

The things that the World Tree devoured formed a ‘Mother Tree World’ within its body. It also had planets and lives, and most of them operated according to the state when they were swallowed. They would not increase or decrease naturally, and it was equivalent to a special ‘gallery’. If the members of the World Tree were not willing to appear in the outside world, they would live in the Mother Tree World. The so-called transformation of the World Tree was like spitting something out from the body into the outside world.

The Tree God was closely connected to the World Tree’s main body, so there was a connection between its internal space and the mother tree world. Strictly speaking, the internal space of the Tree God was a clone and interlayer of the mother tree world, and the Ancestral Tree King was able to split the damage suffered by the internal space into the mother tree world.

This way, the World Tree’s main body would suffer some damage, and the Tree God would not be injured and could remain in peak condition... Under normal circumstances, the Ancestral Tree King would not let the World Tree’s main body take this risk, but now, increasing the Tree God’s combat strength was more important, so he could only make a temporary choice.

Therefore, in order to prevent the World Tree’s main body from suffering any further damage, the Ancestral Tree King chose to end the battle as soon as possible and deal with Han Xiao before he caused even more damage to the internal space!

Seeing that Han Xiao had discovered his weakness so quickly, the Ancestral Tree King clenched his teeth.

“Even if I have to gamble our future, I have to kill you!”

As soon as he said that, the Fortitude Tree King’s crown shattered!

The powerful Crown Origin Energy surged in, and the power of the Tree God soared once again!

Intensive mechanical armor rapidly spread across the surface of the Tree God’s body. At the same time, mechanical soldiers shining with green light appeared around the Tree God. This scene was like a Legendary Mechanic activating (Virtual Creation).

However, the Ancestral Tree King did not stop. He endured the rising pain and directly took over the allocation of ‘King’s Legacy’ from the Mother Tree Will.

Sacrificing the Tree King Crown was the way to strengthen the Tree God, but it was not the only way. Among the abilities that Han Xiao did not see, there were other ways to strengthen it, and investing more Beyonder’s Vestige was another way.

If the Beyonder’s Vestige was a ‘firewood’ that could ignite the power of the Tree God, then adding more ‘firewood’ would naturally make the flames burn even stronger.

After so many years, generations of tree kings had failed to break through to the Transcendent Grade, leaving behind some ‘King’s Legacy’, which were considered strategic resources.

Initially, he only needed to use one portion to summon the Tree God each time, but the Ancestral Tree King could not be bothered anymore and burned half of the inventory!

Bang!

A violent energy tide spread out, and the power level of the Tree God increased steadily. Thick green waves gushed out as if they were going to fill the entire space.

“Holy, another SEED activation[1] ?”

Han Xiao gritted his teeth.

This is too much. Are you a Saiyan... ahh, no, Saiyan Tree ?

After sacrificing three Crowns and burning half of the Beyonder’s Vestige stock, the Tree God’s combat capability soared to a higher level, and his combat style changed as well. Other than using the strength of the World Tree, the various magic, martial arts, and mechanical systems formed an exquisite combination. One person was like a powerhouse of three different classes, very flashy but also very powerful.

For a time, the violent attacks penetrated the shield, leaving all kinds of wounds on the body of the Supreme Heavenly Venerate. One device after another was destroyed.

“I still can’t underestimate this guy. With the World Tree Civilization’s many years of foundation, there’s a lot of room for his combat strength to fluctuate...”

Han Xiao felt immense pressure from the Ancestral Tree King’s continuous attacks, and he was slightly shocked.

If he had not sealed the Heart Tree Crown, the complete Tree God might have been able to completely suppress him after receiving so many enhancements.

However, the current Tree God was in an incomplete state. Its foundation had been weakened, so the SEED activation effect was also reduced, and it could not reach its peak.

“What a pity. If this is your full strength, the one dying today won’t be me.”

Han Xiao’s tone became serious.

Boom!

Without waiting for the Ancestral Tree King to react, the energy level of the Supreme Heavenly Venerate also increased tremendously. In the blink of an eye, he caught up to the level of the Tree God’s combat strength after the SEED activation!

All kinds of strange abilities exploded one after another, stopping the attack of the Ancestral Tree King in an instant. Han Xiao immediately took back the initiative and counterattacked, instantly turning the situation around.

The Ancestral Tree King’s eyes widened. “You...”

“Tsk, do you think that the SEED activation is your patent?”

Han Xiao narrowed his eyes. A steady stream of new energy entered his body, bringing with it an incomparable sense of power. He almost felt like he could shatter the universe.

The reason for this instant change was because he had used the Character Summon Cards in his inventory.

Ever since stepping into the peak Beyond Grade A realm, Han Xiao had not used his Character Summon Cards that much. Because there was no need for that, he had a lot of stock.

Before this expedition, he had specially used all his blank Character Summon Cards to replicate the abilities of different Beyond Grade As and obtained a large number of resources.

After finally accumulating a huge amount of wealth, Han Xiao now activated the Character Summon Cards one after another without any heartache. He used whatever he had. He only felt carefree and happy!

After such a long time of careful planning, he could finally be extravagant!

Compared to Saint Seiya’s explosion of a little universe, I’m the expert!

Sensing that Black Star’s strength had caught up once again, the Ancestral Tree King was furious.

Every time the gap between them opened up, he would eventually catch up. Black Star’s unfathomable trump cards made the already unstable Ancestral Tree King go completely crazy!

“Black Star!”

Bang!

The last Tree King Crown exploded; the Ancestral Tree King decisively sacrificed his own crown!

He threw all his worries to the back of his mind and poured all the remaining Beyonder’s Vestige into the Tree God’s body.

He was going to push the power of the Tree God up regardless of the cost!

His strength increased at an astonishing speed, but at the same time, faint green cracks spread on the surface of the Tree God’s body. The huge burden was already at the limits of the Tree God.

The Tree God had its limits, like a container. When the accumulated power exceeded its maximum capacity, it would burst from the inside.

Perhaps in its perfect state, the capacity of the Tree God would be able to withstand its current power, but the incomplete Tree God was like a container that was one size smaller. It could not endure such a burden, and its injuries began to accumulate rapidly.

However, the Ancestral Tree King ignored the overload and charged toward Han Xiao with an unstoppable force.

At this moment, he only had one thought, and that was to kill Black Star!

“Come!”

Han Xiao was full of fighting spirit.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

The two of them were overflowing with terrifying power, only attacking but not defending. They bombarded each other countless times, and the energy clashed, forming an extremely high density explosive area. In this place, time and space twisted, almost condensing into singularities. The two of them abandoned all distracting thoughts, having only their opponents in their eyes. They fought tirelessly, and the battlefield spread across this universe.

Space trembled and shattered. The starlight dimmed and died!

It was unknown how long the battle lasted, but it felt like an eternity. Only then did the battle come to an end.

Only by burning the Beyonder’s Vestige could the existence of the Tree God be maintained. The Tree God had finally run out of energy, and the power obtained from the SEED activation quickly weakened. The Tree God’s body was already filled with cracks from the overload, like a piece of porcelain pieced together after being shattered.

Crack!

The Tree God’s chest suddenly split open, triggering a chain reaction. With its chest as the center, its entire body ‘collapsed’, turning into fragments of light that filled the sky.

This scene represented the death of the Tree God.

The Tree God also had life. Once it was killed, the fused Tree Kings would also be heavily damaged, and the Tree God’s Descent would enter a cooldown... In addition, because the four Tree King Crowns had been sacrificed, the World Tree could not summon the Tree God anymore.

In the sky full of light fragments, the Ancestral Tree King’s body floated. It was as if he had overdrawn all his lifespan, becoming old and wrinkled.

As the Tree God dissipated, the Ancestral Tree King also slowly turned into dust. His life was like a candle in the wind.

“I lost... I’m sorry Mother Tree, I failed you... I was so close, I can’t accept it...”

was

Ancestral Tree King’s consciousness gradually dissipated as he muttered to himself.

Han Xiao still did not relax. He received the Ancestral Tree King’s intermittent brainwaves, clicked his tongue, and said mercilessly, “What do you mean by almost? From the start to the end, you had no chance at all.”

The Ancestral Tree King turned around and glared at Han Xiao.

“...I did not protect my civilization, but one day, you will also taste my despair! I curse

you...”

“Don’t look so bitter. When you destroyed other civilizations, you should have been prepared to be destroyed as well.”

Han Xiao did not want to waste any more time talking to him. He stretched out his hand and grabbed the Ancestral Tree King.

Pu!

The Ancestral Tree King was crushed and turned into dust. His consciousness completely fell into darkness.

Han Xiao was not interested in waiting for him to die. He was not a villain who did not know how to deal the finishing blow.

Due to the manipulation of the World Tree, the Ancestral Tree King had already lost the ability to revive. If he died in this state, he would truly die and disappear.

“Finally got him. Damn, he almost squeezed me dry.”

Only at this moment did Han Xiao finally relax.

Although he had won this battle, Han Xiao was also exhausted. In the final stage, it was as though the Tree God had activated the Ultra Instinct Technique. It was so powerful that it almost shattered his Supreme Heavenly Venerate several times.

Strictly speaking, the one who killed the Tree God was not Han Xiao but the Ancestral Tree King himself. The damage caused by the overload and the burning of the Beyonder’s Vestige was the main reason the Tree God was so exhausted.

If the Tree God was in the perfect state where all five crowns were gathered, Han Xiao felt that he would not be a match for it.

Unfortunately, there were no ifs in this world.

Crack!

The moment the Tree God died completely, the space inside began to collapse rapidly, splitting open like a broken mirror. Dazzling light flowed through every crack, leading to the outside world.

Han Xiao calmed himself down and retrieved the heavily damaged mechanical army back into the Godly Stronghold. He then drove the Supreme Heavenly Venerate into one of the cracks and disappeared in the light.

[1] Gundam reference