Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1440 Missing the Opportunity, Going All Out

In the main dimension of the World Tree, the war had reached its climax.

Black Star and the Tree God had disappeared together for a very long time. Due to the sudden change, the galactic allied forces did not know what was going on. Countless officers and soldiers could only endure their unease and fear and continue to fight.

Due to the lack of a sharp blade like Black Star, the advancement of the army was also slowed down considerably.

At this moment, the interstellar fleet had just arrived at the second layer of defense, and the World Tree Blessing Race did not care about the cost and reinforced the defense line. The battlefield was like a millstone, crushing the battleships and soldiers into powder. There were countless casualties, and it was a huge blow to both sides. Without Black Star’s support, the advancement of the Beyond Grade As was also blocked. However, the quality and scale of their combat strength still exceeded the current high-level combatants of the World Tree. After the protracted battles, the Beyond Grade As of the galactic society had already annihilated most of the high-level combatants on the World Tree’s side.

However, because the Beyond Grade As did not have the strength to ignore the large-scale galactic battlefield like Black Star, they could not enter even after killing many of the World Tree’s experts. On the contrary, due to the intense firepower of the World Tree’s Blessed Race, they did not dare to advance too far and be used as targets. They could only retreat to the vicinity of the main force to cooperate. Although there was not much danger with Aurora’s help, the Beyond Grade As were temporarily unable to turn the situation around. After all, the World Tree had too many troops. “I wonder where Black Star is. Can you contact him?”

Kasuyi placed his hand on his forehead and asked in the Beyond Grade A combat channel while controlling his psychic energy to shatter the enemies one by one.

“I can’t contact him. It’s most likely that the Tree God used some trump card to prevent Black Star from continuing his advance and brought him to some alternate dimension. I guess they can only come out after a victor is decided.” Hila casually replied. She manipulated the cold current of death and swept it across the fleet. Red ice crystals grew out of the battleships and broke through the hulls.

“Black Star won’t lose, right?” Oulou asked hesitantly.

“There’s nothing to be afraid of. Whether Black Star wins or not, he can come and go as he wishes.” Hila was not worried about Han Xiao’s safety at all.

“It’s hard to say. The World Tree Civilization has developed to this point and is unfathomable. No one knows what other trump cards they have. Maybe Black Star will fall for it too...”

Although Hila, Aurora, and the others were not worried, many Beyond Grade As were.

It was not that they did not believe in Black Star’s strength, but no one could say for sure what would happen in a war of this scale. As the saying goes, ‘concern leads to confusion’. Black Star had the responsibility of leading the association, and he was the ruler of the Sanctum Revival. It was difficult for a portion of the Beyond Grade As not to feel nervous, especially when they knew nothing about Black Star’s current situation.

At the same time, in the strategic command center, Wuornos’ remote projection was also present, watching the battle.

Most of the Beyond Grade As in the galactic society were involved in this war, but Wuornos was not one of them.

When the church came to find him, he still refused to participate in this battle. The reason was the same as before-he needed to maintain a perfect state at all times and did not want to waste his energy in other areas, lest he missed the opportunity to step into the Transcendent Grade.

Because there was a true Transcendent like Black Star participating in the battle, the Arcane Church did not force Wuornos to take action. However, Wuornos did not reject the request to watch the battle.

On the side, the officers and staff officers discussed nonstop for the sake of the battle. Wuornos did not interrupt from the start to the end. He stood alone and watched the battlefield silently.

He did not have much interest in the battle and only requested to watch because he wanted to see a battle between Transcendent Grade Supers. He planned to use this to inspire himself, but this idea fell through. “Black Star and the Tree God should be fighting in the alternate dimension, but I can’t see them...”

Wuornos sighed.

He had only seen a small portion of the battle between the two of them on the main battlefield, and neither of them had used any of their trump cards. He could not help but feel that it was a pity that he could not see the rest of the battle. He only felt that he had yet to satisfy his curiosity, and his heart was

itching

If he could watch the entire battle between the two Transcendent Grades, his chances of entering the realm would be higher...

Just as he was secretly feeling regretful, a strange feeling suddenly surfaced in his heart. It was an indescribable feeling as if he had lost something

“Strange...”

This feeling came and went very quickly. Wuornos pressed on his chest, somewhat confused.

Before he could think about it, the officer beside him suddenly exclaimed.

Wuornos turned around and saw Black Star, who had disappeared for a long time, appearing on the battlefield once again. This immediately caused a change in the situation.

The fifth layer of the World Tree’s defense circle was right where the two of them had disappeared. A smattering of green light suddenly burst out, and a huge figure flew out. It was Han Xiao’s Supreme Heavenly Venerate.

“Black Star is back!”

The Galactic Alliance Army was overjoyed. They opened their eyes wide and waited for the Tree God to appear.

However, the next moment, the green light exploded and turned into light fragments. The Tree God did not come out. It was as if he had really disappeared. “Where’s the Tree God? Where did he go?”

Many of them were excited, beginning to come out with conjectures.

Before they could ask, Han Xiao connected to the combat channel again and confirmed their guess.

“I’ve already gotten rid of the Tree God. He won’t stop us anymore. Continue attacking!”

Han Xiao exhaled.

Seeing that the battlefield was still in a stalemate, he was relieved. He was afraid that if he was held back by the Tree God for too long, something might happen on the battlefield.

He did not waste any time. He continued to rush toward the World Tree’s main body without hesitation. He bore the brunt of the enemy’s attacks and entered the defense circle alone. Seeing that Han Xiao did not mention anything about the battle, although they were curious, they did not ask too much. To them, knowing the outcome was enough.

“Follow Black Star!”

“Victory belongs to us!” The Galactic Alliance Army was motivated. Their uneasiness was gone, and they followed closely behind, launching even more ferocious attacks.

Han Xiao had thought that after the Tree God died in battle, the morale of the World Tree Family would be low and they would be defeated. However, to his surprise, the result was the opposite.

Not only did the World Tree team not retreat, but their counterattack was even more intense. They abandoned all their worries and fought with their backs to the wall.

The casualties were extremely tragic, but the World Tree Blessed Race did not retreat even in the face of death. The fleets on the periphery abandoned their formation lines one after another and teleported to the fifth layer of defense. They charged toward Han Xiao like moths to a flame, using their lives to build a barrier to slow him down at all costs.

In fact, all the members of the World Tree saw the entire process of the Tree God resisting Black Star through the mental network.

Every time the Tree God exploded with power, everyone knew what price the Ancestral Tree King had paid. Seeing the Tree King, who usually only dwelled in the King City risking his life at all costs, countless members of the World Tree felt the same and encouraged him anxiously, hoping that the Tree God would defeat Black Star with his burst of strength.

However, the high hopes that they had all turned into disbelief. Seeing that the Ancestral Tree King had paid such a huge price only to be completely killed by Han Xiao, a huge sense of tragedy crashed into the hearts of all the World Tree members, leaving only despair.

All the members of the World Tree understood that there was no one who could stop Black Star. However, this triggered their final determination.

As the saying went, a cornered soldier will find all means to win. The morale of the World Tree Blessed Race did not decline but instead increased exponentially. No one gave up, and everyone was willing to die together with the enemy.

If they could not rely on the Tree God, they could only rely on themselves!

All the fear and confusion disappeared, leaving only the determination to die. This was the final counterattack of a civilization at its end!

Hong Long Long

The densely packed battleships blocked the path ahead. Han Xiao attacked time and time again. The flashes of his blades and artillery could shatter a large number of battleships with every attack. However, there were people filling up the gaps, and it was difficult to clear a path. Continuous high-density explosions surrounded him, and Han Xiao felt as though he was stuck in a swamp. The concentrated attacks coming from the front even exceeded the pressure that the Tree God gave him.

“What a stubborn civilization...”

Han Xiao was also slightly moved. Although they were opponents, he had to admit that the tenacity displayed by the World Tree Civilization exceeded his previous judgment.

In his previous life, even the galactic society that was united against the outside world was weaker than the World Tree fleet. In the final battle, the World Tree fleet did not show such determination either.

“Although the World Tree is a deformed civilization, in terms of unity and cohesion, they probably won’t find any similar opponent in the entire universe...”

Han Xiao shook his head.

He appreciated the World Tree’s desperate struggle, but unfortunately, without the Tree God, the World Tree could no longer stop him. All of this was futile.

Han Xiao turned around and looked at the large group of Beyond Grade As behind him.

This hint made all the Beyond Grade As understand. They spread out and formed a loose formation in front of the various armies.

If one did not look closely, they would not be able to notice that the formation was like a net, trapping the fleet at the front.

The victory was already decided. The problem now was to pick peaches... no, to prevent others from picking peaches.

Seeing this, Han Xiao turned around and activated a Character Summon Card.

“Golden Ring” Oulou Character Summon Card – [Golden Treasure Ship-Collision)!

Dense streams of light suddenly appeared on the body of the Supreme Heavenly Venerate. He adjusted his direction before suddenly taking a step forward and charging toward the World Tree’s main body! The World Tree fleet in front of them could not withstand it at all. Their shields shattered one after another, and debris flew everywhere!

The Supreme Heavenly Venerate was like a gigantic golden meteor that pierced through the final defensive perimeter and crashed heavily into the World Tree.

Bang!

Countless roots seemed to have been struck by lightning. With a sudden roll, the entire space of the dimension started to tremble!

“Let me see what exactly you are made of!”

Han Xiao hooked his finger and inserted it into the tree.

At this moment, the World Tree’s main body, which seemed to have been waiting for death, finally revealed its secret card!

Buzz!

In an instant, the consciousness of all the World Tree members turned into a terrifying mental impact that had never been seen before. It rushed toward Han Xiao’s brain through the energy link channel. The impact was so strong that even if all the Beyond Grade As in the galactic society joined forces to resist it, their minds would be shattered in a single breath!

The main body of the World Tree was not completely powerless. When both parties built a physical or energy connection, she would be able to launch a psychic attack on the target. This was because only by invading the world tree with energy could they form a soul connection with her and take the initiative to turn her into a controlled Universal Treasure. This was her trump card to protect herself from being enslaved by others!

However, at this moment, Han Xiao unveiled another Character Summon Card without hesitation.

“Underworld” Onicelu Character Summon Card—[Thousand Soul Stream)!

Immunity to all mental attacks! In his mind, the destructive Psychic Current bombarded Han Xiao’s spiritual body, but it was like a breeze, not causing any damage. Instead, it turned into pure energy and was absorbed by Han Xiao. “I’ve been waiting for this... Come and meet your natural enemy!”

Han Xiao’s eyes lit up. The next moment, a translucent snake shot out from between his brows, and its body expanded at an unbelievable speed.

The Pivotal Snake had already turned into a Virtual Life Form, and its size in the physical world could be shrunk at will. In the blink of an eye, it became the size of the World Tree. It coiled around the World Tree’s body, opened its mouth, and bit down without hesitation.

With this bite, the Pivotal Snake and the World Tree’s main body finally established a bridge of information, and countless information streams were exchanged rapidly.

Buzz

The entire World Tree trembled violently, as though a person was struggling in pain, causing the space to shake violently!

In order to subdue the World Tree, Han Xiao had naturally come prepared. Building a soul connection was only one of the reasons. The biggest problem was actually to destroy the resistance of the World Tree, and his trump card was the Pivotal Snake.

After the Pivot turned into a Virtual Life Form, it automatically awakened a new ability, which was why it was the World Tree’s natural enemy. The World Tree’s independent consciousness was its food! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Only then did Han Xiao understand the significance of the Pivotal Snake. It could turn the World Tree from a special life form into an unconscious Universal Treasure!

It was because of this trump card that Han Xiao finally made up his mind to carry out the plan to subdue the World Tree. He would not do anything that he was not confident of!