Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1442 Further Scheme. The Things Are Still There, but Men Are No More the Same Ones.

This proposal was very constructive, and the three leaders immediately took it seriously. After pondering for a while, they quickly came to a conclusion with Han Xiao and told the strategic command center to call back the three Universal Civilizations’ direct troops. Their goal was to destroy the World Tree, not to fall out with Black Star. Although they were not willing to let Han Xiao subdue the World Tree, there was nothing they could do.

Marbruce and the others could only suppress the fear in their hearts and wait for a targeted plan to be discussed in the future. In any case, there was nothing they could do now. They could not really start the second round of the war with Black Star... Who wins and who loses was secondary. There was a third party who might still be eyeing them from the dark.

Even if they were going to fall out with each other, they should at least wait until they had a direct descendant of the Transcendent Grade. Wuornos was their greatest hope, and he might advance one day.

The direct troops of the three Universal Civilizations stopped firing and silently withdrew from the encirclement. The tension on the battlefield quickly dissipated.

The brief confrontation between Han Xiao and the three Universal Civilizations had stunned the soldiers of the Galactic Alliance Army. They realized that the conflict between the two sides had reemerged, and they were extremely nervous. They were afraid that an internal conflict would break out as soon as they won. Seeing that both sides had stopped fighting, countless people heaved a sigh of relief. They only felt that their emotions were in turmoil, and their entire bodies felt a little weak. No matter what kind of conflict there was, the three Universal Civilizations were the main force in resisting the World Tree, and Black Star was the hero who changed the battle. They were all heroes in the war. They had just joined forces to defeat the foreign enemy, and now they were turning against each other in front of everyone. It was hard to accept. No one wished for their joy to turn into sorrow.

However, the World Tree was not destroyed but subdued by Black Star. This reality made many people feel strange.

Although Black Star had contributed too much to the war, this last wave made them feel like Black Star was using them to achieve his goal... Of course, there might be a reason for Black Star’s actions, but the impression he gave everyone was still rather complicated.

However, they did not think too much about it and quickly threw this thought into the back of their minds.

The conflict between Black Star and the three Universal Civilizations was a conflict between the big shots, and it was not their place to worry. At this moment, these front-line combatants only wanted to enjoy the joy of victory and the joy of surviving the calamity.

“We won!”

“Long Live the Dynasty!” For a moment, the cheers of countless soldiers echoed in the combat channels.

The officers did not stop them and allowed their soldiers to vent their emotions. In reality, they were also excited and could not help but celebrate with their subordinates.

On the other side, Han Xiao deactivated the Supreme Heavenly Venerate and retracted his troops. He passed through the direct troops of the three Universal Civilizations that had given up on stopping him and returned to the army formation of the Beyond Grade A organizations. Many Beyond Grade As immediately surrounded him.

“That was close. I thought the three Universal Civilizations were going to act arbitrarily and start a civil war.”

Sun Hunter wiped his non-existent cold sweat.

Kasuyi casually analyzed, “That won’t happen. They still have a very good understanding of the situation. We’re clearly on Black Star’s side, and Black Star has the World Tree Civilization’s troops. The three Universal Civilizations won’t dare act recklessly. They know what the outcome will be, and they won’t seek their own death.”

“Speaking of which, Your Excellency Black Star took too big of a risk this time. We didn’t know about your plans before this...”

Some of them mumbled softly, and many of the association members looked at Han Xiao with strange looks. These people did not know about this beforehand. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Because there were spies from the Super Star Cluster in the association, Han Xiao did not want to leak the news in advance. Therefore, he only told Kasuyi and his confidants about his plan to subdue the World Tree, and he told the entire association to prevent the three Universal Civilizations from trying to get the World Tree.

Therefore, not long ago, a portion of the association members was still in the dark. Even if they had doubts, they did not confirm it. They could only follow the original plan and work together with their teammates to create obstacles for the direct troops of the three Universal Civilizations, giving Han Xiao time and creating opportunities.

To be honest, if Han Xiao had stated his goal of subduing the World Tree from the start, many Beyond Grade As would not have been willing to help him. They would have been like the three Universal Civilizations, more inclined to completely destroy the World Tree. After all, the World Tree was quite similar to the Underworld, but its power was much higher. It could control an individual’s thoughts. Even if Black Star was ‘one of them’ for the time being, who knew what the future would be like?

If one day, Black Star’s ambition reached its peak and he wished to use the World Tree to devour everyone, what would they do? They did not think this was improbable, killing intent would rise when one held a sharp knife. Black Star had no such thoughts in the past because he did not have the World Tree. Many Beyond Grade As had to consider their own safety and were secretly afraid. Seeing the complicated expressions of many Beyond Grade As, Han Xiao did not mind. He smiled and said,

“Everyone, there’s no need to worry. I subdued the World Tree because of other considerations. One of my intentions is to make use of the World Tree’s power to make the three Universal Civilizations hesitate and consolidate the safety of our Beyond Grade A Association after the war. This way, we can completely make the three Universal Civilizations give up on suppressing us. Only then can we put down all our worries.”

Manison nodded slowly and agreed.

“This is similar to my original plan. However, we were not strong enough back then, and it was not the right time. My idea was too far ahead. Now that our forces are expanding rapidly through the war, the time is ripe. The strategic significance of the World Tree is actually the same as the Virtual Mutiny Virus, but it is more suitable as a strategic deterrence weapon so that the three Universal Civilizations will no longer dare to attack us.”

Manison then gave Han Xiao an appreciative look, as though saying ‘we are indeed the same type of people.’ He was also afraid of Han Xiao’s threat after obtaining the World Tree, but if he was in that position, Manison would have made the same choice. The situation now was similar to when he snatched the ‘Virtual Mutiny Virus’. However, he had failed, and Black Star had succeeded.

Upon hearing this, some of the association members could not say anything no matter how unhappy they were. It was mainly because what was done was done. There was no point in objecting.

Seeing this, Aurora changed the topic and said with a smile, “We won this war. Everyone, be happy.”

Hearing this, everyone relaxed and smiled... No matter what, now was the time to enjoy the victory, they still had to give face to the healer.

“We’ve finally dealt with this powerful enemy. We can take a break now.”

“Heh, I’ve been exhausted all these years. Don’t wake me up until I’ve slept for a month.”

“After enduring the tough times, a beautiful tomorrow is waiting for us.”

The Beyond Grade As were relieved of their burdens and chatted with each other.

At this moment, someone thought of something

“By the way, Black Star, when do you plan to revive the recently killed Beyond Grade As?”

In the past year of the war, a few more Beyond Grade As had died in battle. Han Xiao had yet to revive them, and their names were still on the Soul Comfort Monument.

“After some time, I still have some things to do, so I can’t leave for the time being, especially when it comes to the establishment of a civilization... The timing, location, and people are all in our hands. I’ve convinced the three Universal Civilizations to temporarily track down a third party. Taking advantage of this buffer time, we’ll let our people complete the final preparations for the transformation of the association. When the time comes, everything will be in place.”

Han Xiao replied casually.

He took out the technology of the Information Form Warning Network and convinced the three Universal Civilizations to search for a third party. On one hand, he did not want the enemy to continue hiding and benefit from it. On the other hand, he also temporarily shifted the focus of the three Universal Civilizations and bought time for the final stage of preparations for the transformation of the association into a Civilization.

The two plans were carried out side by side, killing two birds with one stone. This way, he would be busy, and he had to hurry up. For the time being, he did not have the time to study how to complete the Virtual Creation.

However, when talking about the Sanctum Revival, Han Xiao thought about the problem of the Iteration.

He had once planned to reveal the information about the Sanctum to the three Universal Civilizations when the time was right, and they would work together to figure out how to survive the Iteration. In the past, the time was not ripe, but now that the World Tree was in his hands, he truly had the foundation to work together as an equal. This plan could also be officially put on the agenda.

If he remembered correctly, there should still be a related mission in his interface.

Because of the World Tree’s alchemy-like material transformation ability, he did not have to bother collecting the materials for the Sanctum Key in the future and could create a new key at any time. To him, most of the Sanctums were a backyard that he could enter as he wished, so he was not afraid of the three Universal Civilizations studying the Sanctum together. The other party did not have such a unique condition.

“This is really the case of overwhelming advantage...”

Han Xiao was secretly overjoyed.

With the World Tree Mechanism working together with the Sanctum, the benefits were unimaginable.

He inwardly decided that once the situation stabilized after the war, he would show his cards to the three Universal Civilizations and pull them to study the Sanctum together.

Rather than letting these people spend their energy on how to deal with them, it would be better to let them figure out how to deal with the problem of Iteration, lest they waste resources for internal conflicts.

‘My actions will definitely move the Galaxy...!

Han Xiao shook his head.

For the sake of the peace of the universe, I am really giving it my all. It’s not right for me not to receive a few tons of medals.

This time, Ames came over with a strange expression. “You’ve made a huge profit this time. The entire galactic society suffered heavy losses in the war, and trillions died in the war. In the end, you became the biggest beneficiary. What do you think?”

“What? Are you trying to wake up my sense of shame? You’ve found the wrong person.” Han Xiao shrugged and said calmly, “I ended the war early and saved countless lives. The dead are gone, and the living are still alive. What do I think? I have a clear conscience.”

Ames spread out her hands. “Alright, there’s nothing wrong with thinking this way. After this war, you will be extremely respected, so you won’t be as busy as before, right? How about it, make some time to accompany me?”

Han Xiao was tempted.

But at this time, Jotina suddenly appeared and interrupted.

“Lord Dragon Emperor, the Army Commander doesn’t have that much free time. Don’t keep pestering him. It will only make him troubled.”

Hearing this, Ames raised her brows and looked over. Jotina did not back down and glared back. Their gazes met in midair, and the air was filled with the smell of gunpowder. Han Xiao felt a wave of killing intent, and his mouth could not help but twitch. He quickly flew to the side, not wanting to be involved in the battle between the two women.

The two of them glared at each other. One side was calm and dignified, while the other side was aggressive. There was a clear provocation in their eyes, and neither side backed down. No one cared about Han Xiao running away.

“Sigh, it’s all my fault for being too outstanding...”

Han Xiao sighed helplessly.

He flew to the side alone and thought for a while before taking out the Heart Tree King’s Spacetime Amber. After obtaining the World Tree, Han Xiao had completely understood the mechanisms of the Tree King and the Tree God. He realized that the Ancestral Tree King had left him a mess.

The Beyonder’s Vestiges were completely burned, the Crowns were completely destroyed, and their military strength was greatly depleted. The high-level combatants were almost completely wiped out, and the World Tree Civilization had suffered great losses. It would take many years for them to recover.

However, Han Xiao did not mind. After all, if he had not beaten the enemy into such a miserable state, he would not have had the chance to subdue the World Tree.

However, Han Xiao originally had an idea. If the timing and price were suitable, it was not impossible to sell Wuornos a Beyonder’s Vestige in the future.

Now, he had no way to give it to Wuornos even if he wanted to. Wuornos had once again missed the opportunity to advance to the Transcendent Grade. Han Xiao could only say that it was destiny...

“Right now, the only undamaged Tree King Crown is on the Heart Tree King. This guy has become my only heir...”

Han Xiao shook his head and laughed.

Although the members of the World Tree were brainwashed and loyal, they were not puppets without self-awareness. They had independent thoughts and had their own lives. His entry into the World Tree Civilization did not affect these things. In a way that was easy to understand, his control of the World Tree was equivalent to using his own will to replace the will of the mother tree. To the World Tree Civilization, the two had similar meanings.

Therefore, Han Xiao also needed to find someone to manage the World Tree Civilization. Due to the ‘waste’ of the Ancestral Tree King, for a very long time, the World Tree would only have one Tree King qualification. The Heart Tree King was the best choice.

With this in mind, Han Xiao did not hesitate and unsealed the Amber.

Pop!

The Heart Tree King broke free from the seal and retreated without another word. His body glowed, and he was about to self-destruct.

After being trapped in the Spacetime Amber for so many years, the Heart Tree King had always regretted not being decisive enough. He had told himself countless times that as long as there was a chance to unseal it, he would immediately free himself.

However, just as he was about to self-destruct, the mental network of the World Tree connected to him again. The message that came made the Heart Tree King suddenly stop moving, and his expression became extremely shocked.

“The World Tree Civilization... lost ””.

He quickly received the information in his mental network and finally understood how the war had progressed while he had been sealed for all these years. “The Ancestral Tree King, the Secret Tree King, the Fortitude Tree King, and the Subduing Tree King... They all died, along with the Tree King Crowns. I became the Tree King that survived in the end...”

Just like that, the World Tree Army, which was at its peak, was wiped out. His familiar comrades were all wiped out, and even the entire civilization belonged to someone else. They had a new master... After more than ten years, everything had changed. For a moment, the Heart Tree King was stunned on the spot. His heart was filled with complicated emotions.

Han Xiao did not interfere with the Heart Tree King’s acceptance of reality.

“I’m sure you already understand why I let you out. I need you to help me manage the World Tree Civilization. It might not be a bad thing for you. As long as you do a good job, you will be the only Tree King for a long period of time. I will not interfere too much with your management. You will only be below me and above all others.”

The Heart Tree King looked at Han Xiao with a complicated expression.

He did not expect that the moment he woke up, the culprit who had sealed him back then would become his boss. Due to the mind control of the World Tree, the Heart Tree King could not show any hostility toward Han Xiao. “...I understand. As you wish.”

The Heart Tree King sighed and lowered his head to agree. He had no right to refuse.

Han Xiao nodded and clapped his hands. The Heart Tree King turned into a green stream of light and entered his body, returning to the mother tree world.

After doing this, Han Xiao looked back at the excited crowd and smiled. He did not participate but changed into King and disappeared.