Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1444 Abyss of Misery

The three Universal Civilizations were finally relieved after the Star Alliance’s infiltrators were captured. They quickly returned to the fleet and no longer blocked the news.

Very soon, the explosive news of the Galactic Alliance Army destroying the World Tree Civilization spread throughout the entire galactic society in the shortest time possible. Countless galactic residents on the refugee planets were shocked.

Not long ago, we were still in a passive state, enduring the full invasion of the enemy. Our future was filled with pessimism, and we were in a constant state of panic. However, before we were even mentally prepared, the tables turned in the blink of an eye. Suddenly, they told us that the war had ended, and everyone was safe... Brother, we just woke up, we haven’t even brushed our teeth!

The galactic residents were stunned.

However, as the official media of the three Universal Civilizations revealed the entire process of the war and confirmed that this was not a rumor, the entire galactic society finally recovered from the shock and only felt endless joy.

Under the shadow of the World Tree Civilization, the entire galactic society had been forced to change its way of operation, disrupting everyone’s lives. Countless people turned from free and casual galactic residents into refugees avoiding the flames of war. The wartime policies had tightened the resource supply and livelihood rights of the people, and the difference was huge. This change had lasted for almost twenty years. From the perspective of a civilization or a high-level Super, twenty years was just a short time. It was just a small wave in the river of time, but to ordinary galactic residents, this was almost a generation.

Any change in the era would be amplified on the individual. In the past, the three Universal Civilizations and the World Tree Civilization were in a stalemate, and no one could see the bright future of the war. Countless galactic residents pessimistically thought that this kind of life would continue forever, and tomorrow would not be any better. At least two or three more generations would have to suffer in the flames of war.

However, at this moment, the light of dawn tore through the dense fog and shone into everyone’s lives. This beam of light came from the countless soldiers who had sacrificed themselves at the frontline, from Black Star, who had single-handedly turned the situation around.

On the 17th of April, year 799 of the Galaxy Calendar, different races on countless planets were cheering in different languages.

Countless galactic residents called this day the ‘turning point of time’, representing the end of the war and the destruction of the World Tree.

As the victors, the three Universal Civilizations received the praise of the entire galactic society. In the promotion, the three Universal Civilizations did not cover up Black Star’s achievements:

Before the war broke out, he had been maintaining internal checks and balances to reduce internal conflicts. In the early stages of the war, he had led a group of Beyond Grade As to defend against the foreign enemies without any hesitation, and he had also personally taken the risk to gather crucial intelligence about the World Tree. During the preparation stage, he had been training the seeds of potential and nurtured a new batch of Beyond Grade As. One man stood alone in the shallow layer dimension, preventing the World Tree Civilization from advancing and forcing them to give up the battlefront that was the most dangerous to the three Universal Civilizations. He had found the World Tree’s main body first, forcing the World Tree to give up the invasion, and single-handedly lifted the curtains of the final battle, turning the long-term war into the final battle...

With so many achievements, Black Star’s glory in the war could not be concealed at all. His presence was extremely strong, and countless galactic residents recounted Black Star’s contributions in detail. The reverence that gushed out from their hearts was like a warm current that warmed the hearts, and it was like an uncontrollable soul trembling, penetrating every bone and nerve.

Although this was a little unfair to the normal soldiers who had sacrificed themselves at the frontline, after seeing Black Star’s deeds from start to finish, many galactic residents felt that the pace of the entire war was controlled by Black Star. He adjusted the general direction of the war, and the Galactic Alliance Army was more like a ‘tool’ that only carried out his will.

Because of the huge contributions, Black Star became the recognized ‘Chief War Hero’ of the galactic society. His reputation skyrocketed, exceeding all the previous records. He was truly like the sun in the sky, gaining the respect of the entire galactic society and receiving fanatical support.

As for the Beyond Grade As, they also received a large amount of reputation and received countless praises. This was especially so for the ‘sacrificed victims’ on the Soul Comfort Monument, who received more respect and became more popular.

Before the World Tree War broke out, Beyond Grade As were regarded as the privileged class of the galactic society, and they had been hated by many galactic residents. However, these Beyond Grade As fought a bloody battle and protected their safety, and the galactic residents were sincerely grateful.

Due to the wartime policies, most of the population of the various Star Fields had been concentrated on different planets. Now that the flames of war had been extinguished, the three Universal Civilizations had also begun to relocate batches of refugees, slowly leaving the wartime state and returning to normal society.

Central Galaxy, Planet Aquamarine.

In the huge open-air landing field, teams of spaceships with the Black Star Army insignia were parked neatly. The doors of the spaceships opened, and the people of Planet Aquamarine lined up in a long line. Following the orders of the army members, they stepped onto the starships that were returning home one after another.

The constant fear and anxiety made everyone look haggard and tired, but it could not hide the smiles and relaxation on their faces. They were full of hope for a beautiful tomorrow.

In the office of the government building, the white-haired and wrinkly Bennett stood in front of the floor-to-ceiling window. He looked down at the dense crowd in the square and saw the tired and excited expressions of the Planet Aquamarine citizens. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Only time can heal the wounds of war...”

As he spoke, Bennett turned around and looked at the statue of Black Star, which was the city’s landmark, with a gratified look in his eyes.

“Black Star... you really did it. I knew I could always trust you.”

Bennett smiled as though he was relieved of a burden.

He was already indifferent to many things, but he was still proud of having an old friend like Black Star.

At the same time, in the Floating Dragon Island above this planet.

A spaceship slowly entered the dock, and the hatch slowly opened.

Harrison walked out of the spaceship and stepped onto the platform. His eyes immediately locked onto Jenny, who was waiting for him.

As their gazes met, everything around them seemed to turn into nothingness. They only had each other in their eyes, as if a lifetime had passed since they met.

Harrison strode forward and kissed Jenny’s shiny forehead before pulling her into his arms.

Jenny only struggled for a moment before hugging Harrison’s back and whispering, “You still know to come back?”

“...Sorry, I had a reason to leave. I...”

“Alright, I’m not blaming you.” Jenny interrupted him and said, “I’m just thanking Black Star. If he had not found the World Tree’s main body and completed what you wanted to do, you would never have returned.”

“Indeed.” Harrison released Jenny and scratched his head in embarrassment.

Jenny glared at him and said, “Speaking of which, you’ve also reached the top in a single step. Now that you’ve got me, you’re in-laws with Black Star. Although I don’t get along with Black Star, I can’t deny that he’s already standing at the top of the universe. With him as your backer, you can do whatever you want in the future.”

“This...” Harrison was a little embarrassed.

Jenny snorted, lowered her head, and touched her lower abdomen. Then, she raised her fist and pretended to be fierce. “You have to treat me better in the future, okay? Otherwise, my sister and my brother-in-law will find you and beat you up. See if you can take it!” Harrison shuddered.

Although he was not dating Jenny because of her identity, he could not help but break out in cold sweat at the thought of the two Gods in Jenny’s family.

Harrison felt that the more he talked about this, the more dangerous it became. He quickly changed the topic, coughed, and asked, “Erm, I’ll be staying on Floating Dragon Island from now on.”

However, Jenny rejected it and shook her head. “There’s no need to stay on Floating Dragon Island. I plan to resign from the Chief Supervisor position of the Floating Dragon.” Harrison was shocked. “What’s the matter?”

“I’ve worked overtime for so many years, and I’m already tired. Ames won’t manage it, and I was worried before. Now that she’s together with Black Star, she doesn’t need my help anymore.”

Jenny’s tone was complicated. She was still dissatisfied with Han Xiao, who snatched her sister away, but it was not her turn to object.

As she spoke, Jenny paused for a moment, looked directly at Harrison, and said in a soft and shy tone, “Plus, I know that you like to explore. I hope that you and I will be happy together. I can’t stop you from pursuing your hobbies just because we’re together. So... can you take me out to explore in the future?” Harrison was stunned. Then, he was overjoyed.

“You’re so good to me...”

He looked at Jenny’s face, and his heart palpitated. He could not help but slowly move closer to her. Jenny’s face turned red, and she slowly closed her eyes.

Just as the two of them were about to touch each other, a deliberate cough sounded beside them.

“Ahem!”

Like a sudden clap of thunder, the ambiguous atmosphere was instantly broken. The two of them snapped out of it as if they had just woken up from a dream. Both their faces turned red, and they quickly looked in the direction of the sound. Aesop had appeared beside them at some point in time, and his eyes were on them.

“When did you arrive? You’re already so old, don’t you know not to disturb others!” Jenny was furious and embarrassed, so she fired first.

Aesop could not be bothered with her. He walked over to Harrison, sized him up, and smiled. He patted Harrison’s shoulder with great force, feeling extremely gratified.

“Good lad, you’re much more reliable than that bastard Black Star.”

Harrison, however, knew Aesop. He smiled bitterly and said, “Don’t make fun of me. How can I be compared to Lord Black Star?”

“Heh, why can’t you compete? At least in terms of reproduction, you’ve already beaten him by one step. If he had half your skills, I would have gotten a grandson a long time ago. Black Star is clearly a greenhorn himself, but he still acts like he’s very strong. I wanted to impart him some experience out of kindness, but he actually shunned me.” Aesop was furious when he said this.

Harrison did not know what to say, so he said helplessly, “Stop fooling around. Black Star is someone who does big things. Why would he waste his energy on such a small matter...”

“Hmm? Small matter?” Jenny’s ears twitched, and she caught the keyword.

“Oh no, that’s not what I meant. I...”

Before Harrison could finish, Aesop grabbed his neck and pulled him down.

“I think you’re much more pleasing to the eye than Black Star. Let’s go, I’ll teach you a few moves. I guarantee that you’ll be able to subdue Jenny...”

“Get out of here. Don’t disgust me.” Jenny gave Aesop a kick and dragged Harrison away.

In the unexplored universe, Star Alliance capital.

In the office, the leader of the Lore Civilization and the other leaders of the Star Alliance gathered together. A virtual screen was suspended in front of each of them, showing the same information.

“The Observer team has sent this period’s battle report. Have you all read it?”

The leader of the Star Alliance looked at everyone and asked.

Savignes nodded and said with a smile, “I finished reading it right away. It seems like the three Universal Civilizations won’t be able to hold on under our influence.”

Hearing this, many people smiled.

The leader of the Star Alliance smiled and lowered his head to read the information.

“The World Tree Army attacked the Central Galaxy and focused on destroying the refugee planets, causing all the refugees on the 1,783 planets to be sacrificed. The civilian casualties are estimated to be between 15 trillion and 25 trillion...”

“The Federation of Light’s mother planet was attacked by a large force of the World Tree, and the defense forces managed to repel the invaders. However, the mother planet was severely damaged. Although the upper echelons were unharmed, many of the middle-ranked officials and important people died.”

“The Galactic Alliance Army and the World Tree invaders fought a battle at Silver Arm but were ambushed. Eight Beyond Grade As died on the spot.”

“Due to the disadvantage of the battle and the suspicion of being spies, the Super Star Cluster Alliance carried out the evacuation plan and did not want to participate in the battle. The three Universal Civilizations strongly opposed it, causing internal unrest in the Galactic Alliance Army. It seems like they have broken

up...”

Although he had already read it once, after listening to the leader of the Star Alliance read it, he could not help but smile with joy, his heart filled with the joy of revenge.

Finally, the leader of the Star Alliance read through the ‘intense battle’ that Han Xiao had made up. He paused for a moment and said with a relaxed tone,

“It can be seen that the battle between the three Universal Civilizations and the World Tree Civilization is extremely tragic. Furthermore, the Super Star Cluster Alliance was plotted against by us and was mistaken as a traitor who leaked the information. With both internal and external threats, the three Universal Civilizations will definitely lose if this continues!”

As soon as he said that, many of the people present smiled gloatingly.

Some of the Star Alliance members who did not support the plan were silent.

After reading this report, everyone came to a conclusion—the three Universal Civilizations were definitely living in the depths of hell and were heading to their end!

This was a sure win!