Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1445 Establishment of the Supers Holy Land

Somewhere in the explored universe, the Avengers’ fleet was slowly moving.

Inside the cabin, Pangon and the others were watching the news of the three Universal Civilizations’ victory on the virtual screen.

Looking at the countless galactic races in the image, the Beyond Grade As present had complicated expressions.

“Humph, the three Universal Civilizations became the winners, and the galactic society escaped the calamity. Pangon, are you satisfied now?”

A Beyond Grade A stood with his arms crossed, his tone dissatisfied.

Pangon was expressionless. “There’s nothing to be happy about.”

“Is that so? But why do I feel like you don’t mean what you say? Don’t forget what our goal is! To be honest, if you have given up on revenge, you’d better disband early,” another person said coldly.

This group of people had been planning to take revenge on the three Universal Civilizations, and the galactic society was celebrating their victory. Of course, they could not be happy. They only felt frustrated.

Facing Pangon, who did not have a firm stand, everyone naturally did not have a good expression.

Pangon remained unmoved and said calmly, “If you have the time to talk nonsense, you might as well think about our next move.”

“You still have the face to say that? This war was clearly a very good opportunity for revenge. If not for you not allowing us to cause trouble, we would have long...” “We were beaten to death by Black Star long ago.” Pangon cut him off and slowly said, “Judging from the current situation, the conclusion is that even if we had caused trouble, we wouldn’t have been able to change the outcome of the three Universal Civilizations’ victory. This is because the key factor that determined the war wouldn’t have been affected by us at all... Therefore, if we had taken advantage of the war, the outcome now would have been our annihilation. You all should be glad that I saved our lives.”

Hearing this, everyone was frustrated. Every time they talked about this topic, Pangon would use similar reasons to convince them, and it was not easy to refute.

Right at this moment, Pangon suddenly changed the topic and said, “Don’t you guys think that this new internal conflict is the best environment for us to develop? The reason why I didn’t agree to create trouble in the war is because of this. If the three Universal Civilizations lose, we won’t have to do anything. But since they won, they will form a new balance with the Beyond Grade A Association and the Super Star Cluster Alliance, and we will have more room to maneuver...

That’s why I’ve always emphasized that we have to have the foresight to foresee the changes in the future. We can’t just look for a chance.”

Pangon spoke calmly.

Everyone had strange expressions.

This sentence sounded right, but coming from a Pugilist, it felt weird...

After taking one last look at the galactic refugees on the news, Pangon turned around and left the room.

When he turned around, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly but then disappeared. He said calmly,

“Stop looking. Let’s go. Their joy has nothing to do with us.” Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The migration of refugees from the various Star Fields was going on like wildfire, but one day, explosive news once again caused a huge shock in the galactic society.

On this day, the Beyond Grade A Association officially announced the establishment of a civilization regime called the ‘Supers Holy Land’. The civil nature association was promoted to be the Civilization’s Elders Association. All the Beyond Grade As in the association were members of the Elders Association, and some of them with Black Star as the leader were the main decision-makers.

The nature of the civilization was the nation of immigrants that was common in the galactic society. It expressed that it would publicly accept all Supers with good credibility as citizens of the Supers Holy Land, regardless of race. Its slogan was ‘Building a Resplendent Nation Exclusively for Supers’. The Beyond Grade As were the leaders of the Supers, and like the wind vane, it was enough to guide a portion of the Supers to join the alliance. Furthermore, Black Star, the only Transcendent, had even more appeal to the Supers.

Of course, there were more substantial benefits. As long as one became a citizen of the Supers Holy Land, they could obtain the Super knowledge of the various classes through official channels and apply for customized training programs to help raise their level. In addition, official citizens could also choose to enjoy the protection of the Underworld. If they were unlucky and died or died of old age, they could choose to continue living as Hero Spirits. If they advanced to Beyond Grade A, they could directly enter the Elders Association and enjoy the Sanctum Revival for free.

Other than that, there were also various detailed rules and regulations, as well as terms of civil rights. They were jointly created by the professionals of the various Beyond Grade A organizations, and they referenced the systems of many galactic civilizations and made adaptive changes.

The location of the Supers Holy Land was in the Flickering World, occupying almost half of the territory. There were also some Star Clusters that had yet to be explored, located at the outermost edge of the explored universe. However, this was not the only territory. The desolate universe belt outside the Flickering World border was also included in the Supers Holy Land’s territory.

The World Tree’s ‘regurgitation ‘mechanism had to be mentioned here. It could transform countless planets, and the barren area could also be transformed into a prosperous Star Field. Therefore, the Supers Holy Land could be said to have obtained a territory that could continuously expand outward and was not restricted.

The first batch of citizens was from the various Beyond Grade A races or civilizations under their jurisdiction. They were currently migrating over, and the members of the various Beyond Grade A organizations were the first to enjoy the benefits. As long as they were willing, they could obtain the identity of a Supers Holy Land citizen. If they were not willing, they would not be forced. These people built the framework of the Supers Holy Land.

This was clearly taking advantage of the entire universe, and any civilization would face the risk of losing their Supers. However, the three Universal Civilizations did not stand out to oppose it. Instead, they sent a congratulatory message, congratulating the establishment of the Supers Holy Land in the name of the Galaxy Central Civilization Court and accepting the Supers Holy Land as a new member of the Civilization Council.

Both sides had reached an agreement a long time ago-the Beyond Grade A Association would obtain the status of civilization after the war. The three Universal Civilizations had already contacted Han Xiao during this period of time, and even if they were unwilling, they had no choice but to fulfill the agreement. Among them, half of the Flickering World and many Beyond Grade A races had successfully migrated, which was all the benefits that Han Xiao had obtained. The three Universal Civilizations had many concerns, but they still agreed.

Before the joy of winning the war faded, the galactic residents had a new topic. The birth of the Supers Holy Land attracted the heated discussion of the entire galactic society.

Although many galactic residents had guessed that the Beyond Grade A Association would make a big move after the battle, due to the lack of information, they had not expected the Beyond Grade A Association to make a move so quickly.

Not only the ordinary people, but the entire Super class was shocked!

The attraction of the Supers Holy Land to the Super classes far exceeded that of any civilization. Just the benefits of the Underworld and the Sanctum Revival alone were enough to move countless people. In addition, there was also free public knowledge and free training

After enjoying the taste of superpowers, it was basically impossible for them to be satisfied with the current situation. Most Supers had the ambition to improve their own level. The treatment of the Supers Holy Land was enviable, and they did not have obligations like when joining a Beyond Grade A organization. Although the Supers had special privileges in the galactic society, they also had all kinds of concerns. Under the tacit understanding of the advanced civilizations, many low and middle-grade Supers had to sell their lives for all kinds of resources and knowledge. This was one of the ways for the advanced civilizations to maintain the balance so that the Supers would not become unstable factors of Galactic Society.

Now that the Supers Holy Land had shouted the slogan of ‘building the holy land of Supers’, it caused a huge commotion. The Supers no longer hesitated and immediately joined the alliance.

Before the World Tree War, they might have been afraid of the authority of the three Universal Civilizations, afraid that they would no longer be able to live in the galactic society. Just like how the three Universal Civilizations had suppressed the Beyond Grade A Association back then, many people did not dare join the Beyond Grade A organizations. Now that the political position of the Beyond Grade A Supers Holy Land had been recognized, Black Star was no longer the ordinary Beyond Grade A Super.

Everyone could see that the Supers Holy Land and the three Universal Civilizations had reached the same level, and it was impossible for the same thing to happen again. Therefore, many Supers no longer had any concerns. Even if the galactic society banned them, they could just live in the Supers Holy Land in the future, what was there to be afraid of!

At the border of the Flickering World.

Han Xiao was floating in the desolate universe belt, and the power of the World Tree was flickering with electric arcs all over his body. Facing the dark space, he waved his hands rhythmically, as if he was playing a symphony.

Under his command, roots tore through space and slowly took root. At the same time, the ends of the roots seemed to spout bubbles as they scattered the transformed planets in the galaxy to expand the territory of the Supers Holy Land. Behind him, a group of Beyond Grade As were watching the scene of changing stars with shock.

No matter how many times they watched this scene, they were still shocked and awed.

After a while, Han Xiao finally finished modifying this area. He retrieved the power of the World Tree, turned around, and flew in front of everyone.

“Maintain this large territory for now. It should be enough.”

“As long as you’re happy...” Everyone had mixed feelings and did not know what to say.

Han Xiao turned to look at Aurora and asked, “What does the galactic society think of the Supers Holy Land?”.

“About one hundred and twenty billion Supers have applied to become a Supers Holy Land citizen, and this number is still rising rapidly,” Aurora said. “It’s a little small, but it’s just the beginning. Many people are still hesitating. When we completely stabilize, the population will skyrocket.”

Han Xiao nodded casually.

During this period of time, he had been going everywhere, meeting with the leaders of the various organizations, reaching a consensus, and finally establishing the Supers Holy Land.

Establishing a civilization was very cumbersome, and all kinds of structures needed to be perfected. However, Han Xiao only needed to control the general direction and simple diplomacy. The details were filled in by the professional subordinates of the various Beyond Grade A organizations.

Because of the general trend, even the three Universal Civilizations did not make things difficult for him anymore. The creation of the Supers Holy Land was even smoother than Han Xiao had expected.

From now on, the Beyond Grade As were officially united, and they would be able to move around in the universe under the banner of the Supers Holy Land. The structure of the galactic society had truly become three-way. Han Xiao had fulfilled his promise to the Beyond Grade A Association.

Many Beyond Grade As became the upper echelons of the Elders Association in the Supers Holy Land. Among them, Aurora was promoted to be Han Xiao’s assistant and replaced Kasuyi’s position. This personnel change received everyone’s approval. In the entire Beyond Grade A group, only Aurora could convince the masses.

This was also Kasuyi’s intention. He had originally planned to explore the unknown universe after the battle, and Han Xiao had also changed his position according to his request. Because Oathkeeper was traveling with Kasuyi, the Holy Accord was also empty, so Han Xiao made Beiger the acting leader of the Holy Accord and took over the job from Oathkeeper.

Beiger, on the other hand, did not mind being a mascot-like acting leader. However, Han Xiao did not really care about the Holy Accord anymore.

Now that he had obtained the World Tree that could convert resources, he no longer needed the Holy Accord organization to help him collect the Sanctum Keys. His main goal was to fulfill his previous promise and leave a place for the Beyond Grade As who wanted to retire.

Han Xiao turned around and looked at Psyker who was hiding in the crowd.

“The one with seven eyes. Haven’t you always wanted to relocate your race? Move your Star Pupil Civilization to the Supers Holy Land. No one will suppress you here.”

“Really? I don’t believe it.”

Psyker had strong doubts.

Even today, his Black Star PTSD had yet to be cured, and he felt that Han Xiao was up to no good.

Han Xiao rolled his eyes and ignored him.

At this moment, Hilbert walked out of the crowd with a group of revivors and said with a smile,

“Black Star, I wonder if the Supers Holy Land-realm welcomes our joining?”

Hilbert had always had the thought of leaving the three Universal Civilizations to join the Beyond Grade A Association. Now that the war was over and the Beyond Grade A Civilization was established, he had finally made up his mind. He brought along some of the direct descent Revivors who also felt that they did not owe the three Universal Civilizations anything; their motive was naturally the unlimited Sanctum Revival guarantee.

Seeing this, Han Xiao smiled.

“The three Universal Civilizations are even more furious now. If you make such a choice, it might invalidate the ‘retirement benefits’ that you gave up your lives for. Are you sure you want to do that?” “It doesn’t matter. We’ve all died for the three Universal Civilizations. We don’t owe them anything anymore. It’s time to live for ourselves.” Hilbert smiled.

“In that case, the Supers Holy Land welcomes all of you.”

Han Xiao nodded.

According to this trend, the future Supers Holy Land might really be able to get all the individual strengths in the universe.

At that time, the Supers Holy Land would become the sanctuary that all the Super classes yearned for. Almost all the civilian Supers who had awakened naturally would gather there, and the other civilizations would only have the Supers that were cultivated by the direct descendants. From another perspective, this would also increase the security of the galactic society, helping the various civilizations to consolidate their rule, and creating a more stable environment for the galactic residents.

Sigh, as expected, I still have peace in my heart. The three Universal Civilizations don’t understand me.

Han Xiao shook his head and sighed.