Chapter 1448 New Secret and Different Paths

It was the familiar tunnel of light again, and the familiar blur...

After some time, Han Xiao regained clarity.

Han Xiao’s vision suddenly became clear. Looking around, he could still see the familiar scene of the First Sanctum. The white world was endless, and countless light spheres floated in it, these were the Information Form collective body that recorded information of Iterations.

“It’s still blurry, but it’s a little lighter than before...”

Han Xiao was no stranger to this feeling. After all, he had been here many times and was already a frequent visitor. He looked down at the back of his hand. The Sanctum mark was shining brightly, one level higher than last time.

“Let’s revive those unlucky fools first.”

Han Xiao did not waste any time. He skillfully sacrificed the mediums of the Beyond Grade As that died and activated the Sanctum Revival function.

Very soon, rays of light appeared out of nowhere and gathered from all directions, forming a Sanctum revival mark that floated in front of Han Xiao.

Han Xiao pointed with his finger, and the Sanctum revival mark seemed to turn into liquid. It flowed along with his finger and stopped on the back of his hand, turning into a complicated tattoo. He extended his consciousness into it and checked on the reviving targets. He confirmed that all the people on the Soul Comfort Monument were inside.

After doing this, Han Xiao let out a sigh of relief. He calmed himself down, brought out the Sanctum’s message board, and looked at it.

His authority in the First Sanctum had increased once again, and more content appeared on the message board compared to the last time. Han Xiao compared it according to his memory and saw the records of Celestial Star Alliance in the fifth last paragraph. Only then did he focus and look at the last paragraphs carefully.

The last four paragraphs were the ones with the most empty content. He had read them twice in the past, but he had only obtained two pieces of valuable information. One was the ‘Information Form Stripping Plan’ mentioned in the fourth last paragraph, and the other was the last paragraph which indicated the continuation of the previous Iteration’s plan. It mentioned some ‘unknown device’ and ‘control terminal’.

This time, Han Xiao realized that some of the content in the last four messages had been filled up. There were some messages that he was concerned about in the second last and last paragraph. [... transformation plan failed, but the principle has been proved to be feasible. The reason for the failure is that there is no crucial true-state medium to establish connection with

needs to be improved next time. The Information Form Materialization device has been manufactured and loaded into the template, which may cause information alienation in the process of and present in the following in the form of ‘distorted’ unknown...) — was the message in the second last paragraph.

[... The existing true-state mediums are not enough to complete the transformation plan of the previous iteration. We need deeper

connection to build a stable bridge... We decided to add a control terminal in the Information Form Materialization device to reduce the processing cost of the Information Form Materialization device...] — was the message in the last paragraph.

“Hmm, this...”

Han Xiao’s eyes sparkled.

The second last message was from the ‘previous Iteration’ written in the last message. Looking at the content, the latter had inherited the former’s plan.

The ‘unknown device’ and ‘control terminal’ mentioned in the last paragraph had also been unlocked. They were the ‘Information Form Materialization device’ created by the Iteration who left the second last message.

In addition, these two pieces of information threw out a new concept, ‘True State’. Han Xiao was secretly surprised. With his current level, there were very few things that he did not understand at the technological level. It was actually his first time seeing this term.

Han Xiao tried to use the term ‘index function’ with the Sanctum authority, but the Sanctum mark did not respond. Generally speaking, the index function could only be activated by a precise search of a single Iteration or the civilization’s name.

“Looks like I have to continue to farm for more authority and unlock the civilization names of the last four messages.” Han Xiao nodded to himself. The name of the civilization mentioned in the last four messages was still empty, and he did not have the authority to check it.

After memorizing this information, Han Xiao closed the message board and began to search for technological information in the First Sanctum.

Although he had yet to finish researching his gathered resources and was not lacking in technology, he was already here... After his clearance to the Sanctum increased, the upper limit of his memory capacity also increased. After quite some time, Han Xiao finally filled up the capacity and returned with a full load. He did not stay any longer and opened the Sanctum channel to leave.

After passing through the tunnel of light again, Han Xiao’s body suddenly felt lighter, and he had already returned to the main universe. The Sanctum’s light gate behind him disappeared.

Han Xiao opened his communicator. Only thirty days had passed.

“The flow of time is getting closer. The next time will probably only take twenty days.” Han Xiao’s eyes sparkled.

The message board of the Sanctum seemed to be universal, and it was the same no matter which Sanctum it was. Therefore, he only needed to focus his firepower on gaining authority in one Sanctum. If he increased authority in all the Sanctums together, it would take many years. Han Xiao thought about it, changed into King, and teleported to the main planet of the Supers Holy Land. He flew to the huge square where all the Beyond Grade A statues were placed.

At this time, the square was bustling with activity, and there was an endless stream of people. They were all Supers from all over the world. Upon seeing Han Xiao arrive, they were stunned for a moment before being pleasantly surprised.

“Look, it’s Black Star!”

“It’s the real deal!”

“I’m your admirer. Can you give me an autograph...” The pedestrians were excited, and they swarmed over like crazy fans. Among the Supers, Black Star was almost everyone’s idol. At least eight out of ten Supers were his worshippers, no different from a great personage. Han Xiao smiled at them and waved his hand. A gentle breeze blew, and an invisible force field spread out, covering an area like a transparent barrier, blocking all the pedestrians.

The pedestrians who were further away also heard the commotion and came over. There was a sea of people outside the barrier, and very soon, they formed layers after layers. They looked at Han Xiao curiously and guessed the reason for his appearance.

Han Xiao did not explain anything and activated the Sanctum revival mark. Rays of light surged and condensed into balls of light, gradually turning into the bodies of the Beyond Grade As that had died.

The reason why he displayed it in front of the public was to let the public see the actual scene of the Sanctum Revival and increase the attractiveness of the Supers Holy Land. This was a plan that he had come up with during the meeting a few months ago. In the future, the Sanctum Revival would be carried out publicly. Before farming the Sanctum authority, Han Xiao planned to revive these unlucky fools first. On one hand, he wanted them to return as soon as possible, fulfilling his promise.

On the other hand, he wanted the three Universal Civilizations and the other organizations to see that his time in the Sanctum was shortened, telling them that he could return at any time. Although those annoying people might not have other intentions, Han Xiao felt that it was best to avoid this possibility, lest these advanced civilizations felt that he had disappeared for too long and wanted to cause trouble again.

Very soon, the light in the square solidified, and under everyone’s gaze, this batch of dead Beyond Grade As revived with confusion on their faces.

“Haha, I’m alive again. Praise Black Star!”

“Where is this? Why haven’t I seen it before?”

“What era is it now? Has the World Tree War ended?”

The group of revivors looked around curiously before their eyes landed on Han Xiao.

“Alright, the war is over. We won. Ask Aurora and others about the details.”

Han Xiao waved his hands casually. This was not the first time these people had revived. The advantage was that he did not have to explain the situation from the start.

He turned to look at Dylan and said, “I’ve fulfilled my promise and allowed you to regain your freedom. You’d better keep a low profile in the future. Otherwise, if others want to kill you again, I won’t stop them.”

Dylan’s face twitched.

Restoring his freedom should have been a happy thing, but Dylan felt a little weak.

When he was the Hero Spirit of the Underworld, he did not have to worry about anything, so he was even more unrestrained in his words. He let himself loose and scolded whoever he wanted, and he offended many people.

Other people could not be bothered to argue with a ‘dead person’ like him, but now that he was alive, if they came to settle the score, he would suffer heavy losses...

For some reason, Dillon felt a little reluctant to part with the feeling of being an Underworld Spirit...

Han Xiao did not say much to the others. He turned around, teleported, and disappeared. Without the force field barrier, countless pedestrians swarmed over. These revivors did not understand the situation and almost drowned in the sea of people. They quickly rose into the sky and left.

Halfway through the flight, Aurora, who had already noticed the commotion, arrived with a group of Beyond Grade As on the main planet to welcome the revivors.

“Congratulations on reviving. Come with us to understand the situation,” Aurora said. Ever since she was elected as the second-in-command of the Supers Holy Land, she had been maintaining a big sister attitude, as if this would give her some ‘prestige’ bonuses. However, in the eyes of the Beyond Grade As who had the first impression of her, she was still cute and adorable. Even if Aurora deliberately put on an elegant and dignified appearance, it did not have any deterrence at all.

The revivors nodded and followed Aurora toward the core building of the Supers Holy Land.

Just as Dylan was about to follow, he suddenly felt a hot and vigorous bloody intent coming from the side. Two thick, firm, and flexible muscles clamped his arm like a huge mouth. At the same time, his shoulder was grabbed by someone, and waves of enormous strength were transmitted, grabbing him tightly and not letting him move.

Dylan turned around and saw Sierron appearing beside him. Sierron put his arm around his shoulders and leaned over with a wicked smile on his face. “Yo, you’re finally alive. Come over here. We have a bunch of guys who want to have a good chat with you.”

Dylan turned around stiffly, only to see a group of Beyond Grade As staring at him with a teasing look in their eyes.

Gulp...

Dylan swallowed a mouthful of saliva, and cold sweat appeared on his back.

As the saying went, it was easy to go from frugal to extravagant, but it was difficult to go from extravagant to frugal. At this moment, Dylan realized that being a Hero Spirit was indeed more ‘comfortable’...

Han Xiao only appeared for a short period of time. After completing the Sanctum Revival, he immediately opened the Sanctum again and started the process of farming his authority.

Currently, the matters of the Supers Holy Land were all being managed by Aurora and the Elders Association. The external environment was very stable, so his disappearance did not have much of an impact.

As the days passed, it was finally time for Kasuyi to set off. Most of the Beyond Grade As respected this comrade of theirs and they all came to see him off on the day he left.

After the battle with the World Tree, most of them had become comrades and their relationship was much better than before. As for Kasuyi, who was kind to others, he was quite popular. At the dock of the Supers Holy Land, a long-distance spaceship with the highest technologies was docked. The hatch opened. Kasuyi and Oathkeeper had already packed their things. They stood in front of the gangway and said their goodbyes.

“The unexplored universe is filled with unknown dangers. The two of you must be careful,” Aurora said on behalf of everyone.

Kasuyi smiled and said, “It’s alright, we have Black Star to back us up anyway... Haha, it’s just a joke. With our abilities, we won’t fall into danger so easily.”

“If you guys go, you probably won’t come back for a long time. There will be no news of you. Sigh... I won’t be able to find you to play cards anymore.” Kant was a little sad. “It’s fine. Our Supers Holy Land may not have much of anything else, but we do have many card players.” Kasuyi shook his head and smiled.

At this moment, Manison walked forward and patted Kasuyi’s shoulder. He did not say much and simply said, “Goodbye, old friend. Have a good journey.”

“Thanks. I also wish you success in your seclusion.” Kasuyi stopped smiling and nodded.

Not counting Black Star, his relationship with Manison was actually the best among everyone. The two of them had known each other for hundreds of years, and they were old acquaintances.

Most of the people who saw off Kasuyi were Beyond Grade As of the current era. On the other side, Oathkeeper was surrounded by the first batch of revived Primordial Ones of the Holy Accord.

“Back then, we made the Holy Accord together, and our comrades died one after another. You are the only one who has lasted till now. None of us expected you to really complete this work.” “It’s been hard on you all these years. If not for you, we would still be sleeping.”

“Although you did not reveal yourself in our active era, we now know that you might be the best among us.”

Many Primordial Ones sighed.

Oathkeeper was expressionless. He waved his hand and said, “Let’s not talk about the past. I’m just fulfilling the promise I made back then. There’s nothing worthy of praise... Unfortunately, although we’ve really achieved our wish and successfully revived in the future, the era no longer belongs to us.”

Beiger sighed and said with a reluctant tone, “Sigh, no matter what, we are still grateful for your actions. When you miss us, take a look at the Primordial Ones card set that we gave you. This is the first-generation discontinued card set that we ‘kindly’ requested from the Wayne Card distribution group headquarters...”

“I will keep it well.” Oathkeeper was speechless, but his usually serious face still revealed a smile that was hard to notice.

After bidding farewell for a while, Kasuyi and Oathkeeper looked at each other.

“Let’s go.”

The two of them nodded at everyone before boarding the spaceship.

Buzz

Everyone watched as the spaceship slowly began to move. It glided along the orbit and took off into space. With a sudden acceleration, it disappeared into the depths of space, leaving only a trail of flames behind.

Manison retracted his gaze and left without saying goodbye.

He decided to enter a long period of seclusion from today onwards. He would isolate himself from the rest of the world and focus on his research.

Compared to taking shortcuts, he preferred to rely on his own intelligence, and this had never changed.

At the same time, in the Temple of Ten Thousand Gods. A fleet was already ready.

“Your Excellency Wuornos, have you decided? Are you really going to the unexplored universe?”

The priests surrounded him with complicated expressions.

“I’ve already discovered that the key to the path ahead is hidden in the depths of space.”

Wuornos looked at the galaxy with deep eyes.

Just a few months ago, he finally dug out his hidden perception and sensed the location of the Beyonder’s Vestige in the galaxy. Like the bright Venus, it guided him from afar.

In the end, he decided to follow his intuition and leave the explored universe, heading to the unknown area to search for the opportunity to enter the Transcendent Grade. “In that case, we will respect your choice... The Pope told us to specially send a message. He said that he hopes when you return, you can become the first direct descendant to become a Transcendent.”

“Tell him that he will get what he wants.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Wuornos replied calmly and walked into the spaceship.

The next moment, the Arcane Church fleet slowly set off, heading toward the unknown.