Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 496: Battle of Noriosse (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Bang bang bang...

“Don’t avoid me if you dare!” Sherman cried out with a malicious expression. Lifting his cannon up, he shot out another large ball of light. The ball of light penetrated through the walls of the building, and it gave chase to Herlous’ escaping rabbit-like figure.

“Stop firing if you dare!”

With a loud roar, Herlous dragged his Battleship Slicing Blade, and with the buildings as cover, he avoided Sherman’s attacks. By making use of the complicated battlefield, he went around Sherman.

The instant that the battle erupted, Sherman had immediately picked Herlous as his opponent. He still remembered this mercenary who had injured him and planned to settle the grudge.

The chaotic battle between DarkStar and the mercenaries formed many mini battles scattered all around the region. The sound of killing, explosions, and firing could be heard all around, and the battles between the Supers caused more and more damage to the region. Flames could be seen burning everywhere.

Herlous was hit by Sherman’s cannon fire a few times. The attack of this dwarf Cannon Master was powerful, and it did not feel good for Herlous to receive those attacks. His Shattered Light armor was charred in many different areas, and as they ran and battled, they gradually strayed further and further away from the main battlefield.

The opponent was an elite DarkStar warrior and also a Grade B Super. Herlous had no choice but to concentrate fully and did not have the attention to spare to bother about anything else. He only knew that the others had also met powerful opponents. Wilsander was in an intense battle with Forsyth and had also left the main battlefield. The three Volga brothers had joint hands and engaged the DarkStar warriors by relying on their teamwork.

Feidin should be hiding somewhere with Sylvia, but with the battlefield spreading over such a large area, Herlous was worried that the two of them would not have a place to hide and end up being spotted by the enemy.

Pew!

A ray of laser brushed past his shoulders and hit a building far away with a loud explosion. Herlous let out a curse and hurriedly focused on avoiding the incoming attacks.

At that moment, a powerful gust of wind blew over, and Herlous was not able to resist it. He was blown away by the gust of wind and flung more than ten meters away. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw another figure that was being blown away. Sherman had not been spared by the gust of wind either.

Raising his head to take a look, he saw Wind Demon Anur circling around the skies while dragging a mini cyclone that covered a radius of one square kilometer. Everywhere he went, the buildings and streets would be thrown into complete chaos.

The tall buildings that had originally blocked one’s view had been completely torn down. Their field of vision was much larger than before, and they could see Nagakin and Black Star fighting Anur in the sky. However, because Anur’s speed was too fast, the two of them were engaged in a bitter battle.

Bang!

A wind pressure cannon sent Black Star flying toward a tall building.

Herlous grabbed his weapon tightly and sprinted toward Sherman. While he wanted to reinforce Han Xiao, he had to first get rid of his current opponent, Sherman.

...

“Ah! My old back!”

Han Xiao flew out from a large hole in the building and took a breath of cold air.

His armor was heavily damaged, and the situation of the battle was displayed on his battle interface by Phillip. Currently, the battle between both parties was extremely intense, but he had no choice but to place his attention on Anur. Looking at the Wind Demon who came and went as though he was mocking them, Han Xiao felt a great headache.

“This fellow is the veteran high-ranked expert of DarkStar. His ability is really too troublesome, and being unable to catch up to him puts us at a huge disadvantage.”

Han Xiao’s expression was solemn. In the ranked A mission [Godora’s Ally], there were a few dozen requirements, and the majority of them were to either kill or capture DarkStar members or battleships. These required a certain quantity for the requirement to be met. There were some other requirements with higher rewards with the target being specific important DarkStar personnel. Anur was one of those targets.

The size of the reward was a good way to estimate the difficulty of the mission. The reward for getting rid of Anur was the sixth highest among all the other requirements in the mission. This was an indication of Anur’s strength.

The majority of my normal battle methods are useless against him. His speed is too fast, and he is even able to turn invisible. It is very difficult for my weapons to hit him, and he does not even need to touch us. As long as he flies past us, the wind pressure that he generates will attack us.

Furthermore, he can control the wind pressure to form a shield, and his defenses aren’t weak. Nagakin isn’t able to match him in terms of agility in the sky. Even if Nagakin’s fists and Shockwave Blast are powerful, it’s useless if they cannot hit the target. He will only end up being toyed with.

Han Xiao analyzed the situation calmly as he fired his weapons. Anur’s abilities were very well rounded, and of all his skills, only a few were capable of dealing with Anur. The most powerful one would naturally be Ames’ Character Summon Card. Restricting Anur for ten seconds was extremely fatal to an enemy who relied on speed. However, the Character Summon Card could only be used once and was very precious. Even if he wanted to use it, Han Xiao would wait for a better opportunity.

Perhaps Chen Xing’s Character Summon Card can be put to use... maybe to seduce the enemy or something...

Just as he was observing the enemy, Anur was also observing him.

So, he is Black Star...

Anur studied Han Xiao carefully. This was the first time that he met Han Xiao personally. In the past, he had only understood Han Xiao from the intelligence reports and Ember’s description. Anur was truly curious about this fellow who had been able to make Ember suffer multiple losses.

He did not understand why Ember always suffered losses at Black Star’s hand. It was as though Black Star was his nemesis.

The organization had groomed Ember so that he would be able to play a more important role. Ember’s ability was capable of accurately and quickly massacring a large group of enemies without causing collateral damage. This was an important weapon for them to wipe out all the pureblooded Godorans. A weapon should not be allowed to malfunction.

When DarkStar discovered Ember’s talent, they had already decided to turn him into a large killing weapon that belonged solely to DarkStar!

Allowing Han Xiao to live would only affect Ember’s mental state and the benefits of DarkStar. Now that he had a chance, Anur felt that he should get rid of Black Star lest Ember got obsessed over this mercenary.

“Since that useless student of mine is unable to get rid of you, let me do it instead,” Anur muttered. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Rumble!

Right at this moment, the ground began to shake.

In the surrounding few kilometers, the ground of the city began cracking up, and a mechanical base under the city was revealed. All the buildings that were still intact were retracted underground for protection, and twenty-meter-tall mechanical poles rose up from underground and surrounded the entire battlefield.

Hum!

Those mechanical poles lit up at the same time, and a large blue concave protective shield was formed. It looked like an upside-down bowl and had a diameter of twenty kilometers. It separated the battlefield from the other regions of the city.

Every city was equipped with a large number of facilities underground, and this was the protective shield. Noriosse had taken action to cut their losses and restrict the battlefield to this region, which was already unsalvageable. They wanted to stop the battlefield from being spread further to protect the other regions of the city.

This action of theirs was equivalent to giving up on that region of the city, but in comparison to losing the entire city, which spanned a few thousand kilometers, this was a wise decision.

If it were any ordinary people creating trouble, they would have caught the perpetrators without any hesitation. However, the battle between Calamity Grade Supers was not so easily stopped, and Noriosse only had a single Grade A Protector. Furthermore, this Protector had been hired with a sky-high salary, so he might not stop the battle alone.

Forcefully intervening in this battle would only increase their losses, and the background of these individuals was not something that could be ignored.

Help Godora? While the Noriosse Financial Group was not afraid of DarkStar, they were businessmen and did not want to be on the hit list of such a frightening organization.

Help DarkStar? They would only do so if they were dreaming!

Thus, the upper echelons of Noriosse were also very helpless. They were not politicians, only the managers of this planet. Profits were their only goal. If the price of maintaining peace was too high, they would consider watching from the side. It had already been many years since Grade A Supers last fought on Noriosse, and this was probably the largest commotion that DarkStar had created in the past ten years.

The upper echelons felt that it was best for them not to interfere in the matter to avoid any risks.