Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 502: DarkStar’s Shock

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

While Noriosse did not wish to provoke both parties, there was no need for them to accede to the demands of both parties completely. While this action of theirs might result in conflict with Godora, it was not too serious and within an acceptable range.

The financial group still intended to seek compensation from Godora. With an important figure of DarkStar dead, Godora would be more willing to compromise in other areas. Furthermore, it was impossible for DarkStar to make any form of compensation, but Godora, being a lawful civilization, would definitely be a ‘good person’ and keep to the rules.

While Nagakin still wanted to persuade the protector, Han Xiao stopped him and did not say another word.

Han Xiao could tell that it was impossible for the financial group to back down and could only give up his plan to surround Ember. While it was a waste that his previous disguise had lost its effect, Han Xiao was used to the situation changing at any moment in time. At the very least, everything went pretty close to his plan.

Since we can’t fight, this mission is almost over, and we won’t be chased anymore, Han Xiao thought to himself.

Looking up at the sky, a black cloud could be seen floating above him, and Ember’s figure could be seen. He had finally rushed back.

Looking at the miserable battlefield through the protective shield, Ember was visibly shocked. With his gaze sweeping over the battlefield, his eyes were suddenly fixed on Anur’s corpse, and the shock on his face turned into fear!

Perhaps it isn’t completely useless to bait Ember back. Allowing him to see Anur’s corpse and dealing him a psychological blow isn’t too bad either.

...

A few minutes earlier...

Ember followed ‘Anur’s’ instructions and sped toward the battlefield. He was looking forward to diving into battle so that he could make up for the mission that he failed.

With Teacher’s speed, it is impossible for any enemy to struggle free from him, and it will be impossible for Black Star to escape like before. We can finally get rid of him today!

Thinking about that, Ember was full of anticipation and excitement as he charged over joyfully.

However, the scene before him was completely different from his expectations! He never could have imagined that his undefeatable Teacher would be defeated and even killed!

The instant that he saw Anur’s corpse, Ember was completely stunned, and a chill ran up his spine.

How was it possible for Anur to be killed!

Ember immediately took out his communicator and dialed Anur’s number.

Du du du...

The few seconds of waiting felt like forever, and when the call finally went through, the image displayed on the screen was not that of Anur but Han Xiao letting out a maniacal laughter.

“Are you surprised? Are you shocked‽”

Ember was indeed shocked. “Why is it you‽”

“Oh, do you not like my handsome face?” Han Xiao chuckled before changing his face to that of Anur’s. Sending a flying kiss, he continued. “How about this face?”

Ka-cha!

The screen began to crack.

Ember had almost shattered his communicator in rage. His final hope had just been destroyed!

Anur was really dead!

Numerous emotions filled his heart. Disbelief, anger, panic, grief...

If the enemy could take Anur out, it means that he was also in danger!

“I am the only one left. I cannot stay behind to fight and let all of our soldiers die here!”

Ember gritted his teeth and escaped on his black cloud. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The situation needed to be reported to the upper echelons. Escaping as he reported the situation to his superiors, the news that he reported set off an explosive commotion within the upper echelons of DarkStar!

The upper echelons of DarkStar had been prepared to hear a report of the mission being accomplished but never expected to hear such a nightmare instead.

None of them had expected that Anur would die in this mission, which they had been certain would succeed. Sending out two Calamity Grade Supers at once, all of the upper echelons felt that the mission was a guaranteed success! However, this piece of news had completely disrupted their plans.

The forces of DarkStar had been waning over time. During their peak, DarkStar had eight Calamity Grade Supers, and Anur was one of them. He was a highly-respected figure in the organization. However, the battles over the years had injured and killed the majority of these experts. Before that day, only two of those eight figures had remained, and Anur had been one of them. Apart from those two figures, all the other Grade A Supers were new faces who they were grooming.

Losing such a figure was definitely a huge blow to DarkStar. The rate at which Calamity Grade Supers were groomed could not keep up with the rate that they were being killed at. In the organization, Calamity Grade Supers were already extremely rare.

In less than a minute, the upper echelons of DarkStar gave an emergency order to Ember.

“Give up on the mission and leave Noriosse immediately. We will send a fleet to pick you up. After losing an important member of the organization, we cannot afford to lose another one!”

Originally, he had been the one giving chase, but the roles had been reversed, and he was now the escaping party. Ember was indignant about his loss, but he had no choice and could only swallow his indignation. Turning off his communicator, Ember escaped at top speed and did not dare delay for a second, afraid that the enemy may catch up to him.

In truth, it was impossible for Han Xiao and the others to leave the protective shield. Those from Noriosse wished for Ember to scram as quickly as possible, and Ember did not know that there was no one chasing him.

...

An hour later...

Ohm!

The protective shield was retracted, and the golden pillars returned underground. Noriosse had finally retracted the protective shield.

This also meant that the financial group was certain that the battle was over. Their surveillance showed DarkStar’s fleet picking Ember up before leaving immediately, and everyone from the financial group heaved a sigh of relief. While they had a few thousand battleships around Noriosse, it was best if they did not engage in battle.

With the troops chasing after him retreating, Han Xiao knew that Nagakin’s mission was completed. When Godora sent their reinforcements, the mission would be concluded. Getting rid of an Anur was already a good bargain for them.

Despite the battle being over, the effects of the battle had only just begun to show. With a Grade A Super from DarkStar dying, Godora would definitely pay close attention to this event, and the entire Shattered Star Ring would have their eyes on this news. While countless people were dying every single second, there were differences between people. The death of a Calamity Grade Super was naturally far more significant than the death of an ordinary individual.

Furthermore, with him using Ames’ abilities, Ames would definitely be very curious.

However, none of that was important at the moment. Dealing with the members of the Noriosse financial group was what they needed to face. After Han Xiao and the others were freed from their predicament, they were immediately requested to meet the upper echelons of the financial group.

The financial group was getting ready to settle their scores, and they had to give Noriosse a suitable amount of compensation.