Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 519: Bell of Death Island (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Bell of Death Island was a secret base built jointly by the Six Nations, and they managed it together. Its coordinates were an absolute secret, and one could only enter but not exit. The criminals locked up in it were all special criminals. Some of them were their political enemies, some were traitors of the nation, and some were Supers who broke the law. While the people who were locked up were different, one thing was common among all of them. Their crimes were not simple, and they definitely would not be simple serial killers.

Without having a particular talent, they would not have the rights to be locked up in Bell of Death Island.

Many of the criminals in this place had committed innumerable crimes, and the only reason that the Six Nations had kept them alive and locked them up in this god forsaken place was because of their talents. The Six Nations hoped to wring them dry for all they were worth.

It could also be understood that the Bell of Death Island was a place where the Six Nations kept their talents; the place was brimming with talents.

A small portion of the criminals came to an agreement with the Six Nations and used themselves in exchange for better treatment. However, the majority of the criminals refused to submit and would mock all the negotiators sent by the Six Nations. They were extremely brutal and cruel with even the prison wardens being afraid of them. Many of the criminals had a complete ban to prevent people from even approaching them.

Just yesterday, the Six Nations had lost contact with the Bell of Death Island. With the entire planet being swept up by a calamity, the Six Nations were not able to protect themselves, let alone the Bell of Death Island.

The Six Nations did not know that the Bell of Death Island was also affected by the Mutation Disaster. The prison wardens had broken out in illness and thrown all of their responsibilities to the back of their heads.

There were some prison wardens who had even opened up the metal gates of the criminals, and it was as though they had just released a ferocious beast.

...

Puchi.

Human blood was sprayed all along the grayish metal corridor, and the large lightbulb in the middle of the room was covered with a huge blotch of blood on it, causing the entire walkway to be covered in a red eerie light.

A two-meter-tall Sharnuk threw the corpse of a warden that had been cleaved in two onto the ground.

The burly Sharnuk was half naked with his muscles bulging out, covered in scars from battle and the natural vein lines of a Sharnuk. He was a baldie. More accurately speaking, all the male prisoners had been shaved bald.

The burly man flicked away the blood on his hands, and looking back, the corpse of more than ten prison guards could be seen, including the prison warden in charge of the region. A few hundred empty golden cartridges were littered all over the ground, and there were a few rifles that had been crushed. A bloody stench had filled the entire room.

The prisoners were all locked up in individual cells, and the distance between each cell was a few hundred meters. At the end of both sides of the metal corridor was a thick metal door, and every cell was located in a sealed-up corridor.

There was not a single window in the corridor, and as the burly man tried to ram his fists into the walls, he was only able to leave a slight dent on the wall. He only had two options before him—he could either walk forward or walk back.

Ever since he was locked in this place, he had never left his cell before and naturally did not know how to find his way around the place. He could not be bothered to change into the tight clothes of the prison guards and looked at the camera in the corner of the corridor.

“Suddenly opening up my cell, and there isn’t anyone stopping me even now. Hmm? There is a trace of danger in the air. Just what has happened in this place?” the burly man muttered to himself.

Being locked up in the Bell of Death Island, none of the prisoners had access to any information and naturally did not know what was going on outside.

Without any hesitation, the burly man decided to walk forward. After a few hundred meters, he was stopped by a metal door. After feeling the thickness of the door, he took a deep breath and pulled his right fist back.

With his muscles bulging out, he smashed his huge fist on the door.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

After twenty or so heavy blows, a deep circular dent was created on the metal door. As the man rammed into the door with his shoulder, this metal door was immediately shattered, and the corridor was opened for him.

Walking forward for a short distance, he finally saw the prison cell in this corridor. In front of the cell were the corpses of a few prison guards, and the prisoners had already escaped from the cell. There was pretty much no chance for anyone to get to know the other inmates, and the burly man was no exception. He did not know who his ‘neighbor’ was either.

He did not think any further and continued to walk forward. Very quickly, he saw another metal door, but this door already had a large hole in it. It had obviously been created by his neighbor, who had also met with some good luck.

The burly man did not stop there and continued walking past a few more cells. There were some cells without any corpses, but all of the doors to the cells were opened. They were obviously saved by his neighbor. The doors along the way had been smashed through, and he was able to pass through without any obstructions.

Very quickly, he began to pick up his pace so that he could catch up to the person in front of him.

After running for a short while and passing through a door, the never-ending walkways finally ended, and there was a large hall in front of him instead. In the middle of the hall was a grayish black metal cylindrical tube that connected the ground to the ceiling. This was an elevator well that was currently surrounded by inmates. Upon hearing the footsteps of the burly man, they all turned behind to take a look.

“Another lucky one. One who escaped on his own.” A skinny, middle-aged man walked out from the crowd of prisoners and sized the burly man up before saying, “If you are not one of the prisoners that I missed along the way, you should be my neighbor on the other side. Let me introduce myself, I am called Shijake, a high-level Executive Officer of the Germinal Organization. I was caught eleven years ago.”

“A member of the Germinal Organization? No wonder you were caught.” The burly man nodded. “I am called Tyne, and it has been four years since I was caught. What happened in the prison? Why did they release us all? Furthermore, there isn’t anyone coming forward to stop us.”

“I don’t know either, but since there isn’t anyone to stop us, this is the best chance for us to escape.” Shijake pointed at the prisoners behind him. “They all have various abilities, and there are even some who know the geography of the Bell of Death Island. They can lead us out of here.”

A skinny man then walked out and pointed at his head. “I once hacked into the top-secret database of the Six Nations and saw the blueprints of the Bell of Death Island. Even though it was only a few seconds, I have memorized about sixty to seventy percent of the information and can put it to good use now. Humph, this is also the reason I was caught.

“In any case, the Bell of Death Island isn’t a small island in the seas, and its name is extremely misleading. Its true location is beneath a mountain range. The Six Nations made use of a natural underground cave to build this underground prison. There is a total of thirteen levels, and every level has a circular walkway with many cells along it. The exterior of the cell is covered with a thick layer of steel and cement, and even a nuclear missile would not be able to blow it up. Neither the top layer nor the bottommost layer is the exit, and the only exit is located on one of the middle levels. Furthermore, its location is extremely concealed, and the underground walkway is extremely long.”

“Since everyone wants to escape from here, why not you work together with us?” Shijake suggested.

Tyne nodded and said, “What are your plans?”

“The prison guards have not reacted to the escape of prisoners from our level, and it is extremely likely that something special is holding them back. If the other prisoners have also broken out, it is extremely likely for them to go to the top level.” Shijake revealed a cruel smile. “After being shut in for so many years, it is time to regain some interest from the prison guards.”

Tyne frowned but did not say a word.

All of them took the elevator up to the top floor, and the moment the lift door opened up, a dense, bloody smell assaulted them. The lift was surrounded by the corpses of the prison guards. The old prison warden of the region was lying in the corner with his abdomen cut opened and all of his intestines pulled out. His intestines had tied up his neck, and he had actually been strangled to death in an extremely cruel manner.

However, Shijake and the others remained unfazed. There was not a single friendly character among the prisoners, and none of them were fazed by the cruel sight.

Another group of prisoners covered with blood were currently waiting for the lift. It was obvious that the situation before them was their handiwork.

“There are actually others who had escaped?” The other group of prisoners were being led by a man who was disfigured by a burn mark. Licking his lips, he sneered, “Hehe, you guys have missed out on the fun. Apart from us, no one else is still alive.”

Shijake’s eyes narrowed. He knew the origins of this disfigured man. This disfigured man was an extremely cruel Super who had committed many crimes that made one’s hair stand on edge. Even he did not dare provoke the man before him for no good reason and thus said, “How about we work together? We know how to escape.”

After thinking for a while, the disfigured man reluctantly replied, “Humph, alright.”

The two groups quickly came to an agreement and began to sweep the prison level by level to clean up all the remaining prison guards and save the other prisoners.

The group of prisoners grew larger and larger, and their group already had a few hundred people. With all the prisoners being released, the entire prison was very quickly soaked with blood, and all the prison guards were extremely vulnerable before them.

Originally, the Bell of Death Island had many defensive mechanisms, and they even had a self-destruct switch to prevent the prisoners from escaping. However, when the prisoners arrived at the control room, they realized that the entire control room was a complete mess. The prison guards who were supposed to be keeping watch had broken out in a fight, and the dozen prison guards were all riddled with bullets with all of them perishing together.

No wonder no one had stopped them.

“Did all of these prison guards break out in internal conflict?”

All of them had a face full of doubt and felt as though they were dreaming.

After being locked up for so long, they had regained their freedom in such an odd manner.

Why would the prison guards fight each other?

This matter was filled with oddities!

Due to the lack of information, the prisoners did not know about the Mutation Disaster. It was only because many of the prison guards had suddenly broken out in illness that they had been able to escape so successfully. Regardless of how strong a castle was, it would be easily destroyed from within.

After getting rid of all the prison guards, the few hundred prisoners rested in the large hall of the elevator well. Only then did they have the time to size each other up.

Many of them had once been infamous criminals with their notoriety spreading all across the world. Many of them had heard about each other’s fame and were wary of each other.

Not a single one of them could be easily provoked.

There were also a few new criminals who had been caught recently and thus were not recognized by the rest. The majority of the prisoners had been locked up in the Bell of Death Island for many years, with a decade or two being extremely common. They had been blocked off from the world for far too long and were not up to date on the changes in the outside world.

Tyne was one of these ‘newbies’, and no one knew of his origins.

Because they were all wary of each other, many of the hot-tempered prisoners had reined in their tempers. In this environment where the powerful reigned supreme, even the most arrogant criminals would lower their heads. After all, while they were cruel, they were not stupid and did not have any intention of creating trouble for themselves. They only wanted to escape from prison before going their own ways and never seeing each other again.

After fumbling around for a moment, the prisoners finally found the tunnel to escape. This was a man-made tunnel that cut through the entire mountain range.

After walking for about two hours with all the prisoners growing impatient, they finally saw the light at the end of the tunnel and could smell the fresh air of the outside world.

“We’re out!”

All of them were overjoyed and sped up toward the exit of the tunnel.

They were currently at the edge of the mountain range, and the exit was an extremely insignificant looking cave. The surroundings of the cave were filled with thick vegetation, and the leaves rustled in the wind.

The sky was clear, and they felt the warmth of the sun shining down on them. The feeling of freedom filled their hearts, and many of them took in greedy breaths of air. They all felt as though they were reborn at that moment.

They had finally escaped after remaining in captivity for such a long time, and their suppressed anger and ambition exploded like a volcano. While they did not understand the changes in the world, many of the criminals were eager to revert to their old ways and cause chaos in the outside world.

Right at that moment, a foreign voice was heard. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

“What a coincidence, meeting all of you right after my arrival. I thought that you would have escaped by now.”

Han Xiao was leaning against a tree as he looked at the prisoners.

The prisoners immediately looked over with cautiousness as they sized Han Xiao up. They all felt that Han Xiao was extremely foreign, and the majority of them did not recognize him.

“Who are you?” the disfigured man growled.

“You can call me Black Phantom. That was my past alias.” Han Xiao raised his brows.

“Black Phantom?” the disfigured man sneered. “Humph, which hole did you jump out from? I’ve never heard of a character like you.”

Bang!

A thick light flashed.

The next moment, everything above the neck of the disfigured man disappeared, and the headless corpse collapsed onto the ground.

Han Xiao gestured with his finger, and the Floating Cannon Array circulated around him like an obedient pet. When facing those vicious criminals, he did not feel like talking to them slowly.

“Have you heard of me now?”