Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 535: Impending Crisis

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

It had been two months since the outbreak of the Mutation Disaster, but DarkStar had not made a move. Thus, many people had felt as though something was amiss. After staying silent for so long, DarkStar had finally taken action and set out their fleets to attack three different calamity planets.

This news immediately created a huge reaction, and many of the galactic residents knew that the show was starting. As the archenemy of Godora, it was obvious that DarkStar would not let go of such a good opportunity, and the final piece of the puzzle had finally appeared.

Currently, there was no evidence to show that the Mutation Disaster was a conspiracy initiated by DarkStar, but this was no longer important. As long as DarkStar interfered in this matter, Godora’s largest opponent would definitely be DarkStar.

DarkStar attacked three calamity planets in one go, and the local Godoran disaster relief squads fought an intense battle. However, because they were caught off guard and the size of their fleets were small, the three Godora disaster relief squads suffered huge losses.

Logically speaking, the civilizations of those three calamity planets should have been completely vulnerable before DarkStar. However, DarkStar did not destroy those three planets but seemed to have their sights set on the disaster relief squads. After causing some destruction, the DarkStar forces retreated before the Godoran reinforcements could arrive.

The outcome of the ambush was that almost seventy to eighty percent of the disaster relief squads was destroyed, and the situation that had stabilized was thrown back into chaos. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Because of this, Godora raised their defenses and sent out their regular army to the different calamity planets to stop DarkStar’s ambush. But even so, they were not able to stop DarkStar in their tracks.

The second wave of ambushes took place soon after, and another few calamity planets were the targets.

The same scenario unfolded again. Despite Godora raising their defenses, DarkStar had also strengthened their attacks, and a galactic battle broke out between the two parties.

The spaceships crashed into each other with their protective shields flickering. The explosions of the spaceship’s cannons flickered in the dark space like new stars being formed. The bright ray from the laser cannons was like a rainbow bridge in the pitch-black space.

After a huge battle, DarkStar retreated in time again, and the battle did not develop into an all-out war. Godora’s fleet suffered a loss again, and all the disaster relief efforts went to complete waste.

Most of the time, DarkStar only hid in the dark to scheme against Godora; it had been a long time since their last head on battle. With DarkStar coming out from their nest again, it was no longer a small skirmish, and Godora immediately felt the pressure.

While Godora did have the advantage in terms of strength, Godora’s territory was large, and their fleet was stationed around the different bases of the Garton Star System. The spare forces that they could mobilize were not sufficient to suppress DarkStar, and Godora was not clear about the size of DarkStar’s forces either.

The most frightening part about DarkStar was the fact that they were hidden in the dark. It was impossible to predict their actions beforehand, and Godora had a huge headache because of this. If they did not know what DarkStar’s next target was, they would not be able to make any targeted arrangements and could only defend passively.

In the past two ambushes, DarkStar seemed to have targeted the disaster relief squads, but Godora would not pull back their disaster relief squads just because of that. If they did, it would seem as though they are afraid of DarkStar, and Godora would never show such an attitude to their enemy. Furthermore, since they had already begun their disaster relief efforts, if they gave up halfway, it would be a huge hit to their reputation. Besides, the situation had not yet reached such a stage.

After so many years, both parties were finally in confrontation again. The entire Garton Star System was shaken, and this became the most watched affair in the Garton Star System.

...

“DarkStar will not stop like that and will continue launching their attacks. We will definitely meet them sooner or later.”

In a conference room of the Sanctuary, Nagakin narrated the situation with a solemn expression. In the entire conference room, only Han Xiao was familiar with the situation. Both Bennett and the leaders of the Six Nations listed to Nagakin by the side.

The moment DarkStar launched their first ambush, this matter became serious. A few days ago, a Godoran fleet had suddenly descended to guard Planet Aquamarine. There were currently 120 Godora battleships waiting outside the atmosphere of Planet Aquamarine, waiting to defend against DarkStar’s ambush.

Nagakin could no longer be bothered about disaster relief or recruitment. Defending against DarkStar was his priority. He had approached Han Xiao to discuss the matter many times over the past few days, and they were currently holding a meeting to inform both the Sanctuary and Six Nations to be on high alert. Of course, the Planet Aquamarine civilization would not be able to put up a fight in a galactic battle, but Nagakin wanted them to be mentally prepared for the possibility of being ambushed at any time.

“Because of our disaster relief efforts, we can only defend passively, and the situation is not to our advantage. DarkStar’s motive is very likely to make use of our thin defense line to attack our weak points and slowly chip away at our forces. We can’t know what DarkStar’s next target will be,” Nagakin said with a deep voice.

Han Xiao nodded. This was indeed DarkStar’s motive, but it was only a small part of their plan. DarkStar’s Mutation Disaster plan was targeted at weakening Godora’s strength. Not just their military strength but also to shake the stability of their rule. They would only ambush the calamity planets but will not destroy the low-grade civilizations. If they destroyed the civilizations, Godora would not need to carry out any more disaster relief operations. DarkStar’s motive was to hold Godora back.

The faces of Bennett and the others were solemn. It was impossible for them to be anxious as there was no use for them to be anxious.

“How are you planning to deal with the situation?” Bennett asked.

“The War Bureau has redeployed troops from the other Star Zones, and the second and third wave of reinforcements are on their way. The heads want us to continue our disaster relief effort while keeping our guard up...”

Nagakin frowned slightly. In truth, the upper echelons had thought of migrating all the refugees on the calamity planets. However, there was a huge hidden danger in doing so. They would not be able to detect if the Mutation Source entered the spaceship together with the refugees. As such, this plan was temporarily shelved, and the War Bureau decided to fight DarkStar head on.

Some of the more aggressive generals even felt that this was a chance. DarkStar was always in hiding, and it was extremely rare for DarkStar to make an appearance. Thus, they felt that they needed to make use of this opportunity to bait the DarkStar fleet and strike them with a heavy blow. Thus, the War Bureau decided to deploy further reinforcements.

“In the end, we can only choose to wait,” Nagakin said solemnly.

In truth, he had hidden another order from the upper echelons. If their forces were not a match for DarkStar’s fleet, the upper echelons requested them to make a strategic retreat and preserve their strength. If the calamity planet was destroyed because of this, Godora could only express their regret.

Han Xiao shook his head. DarkStar’s ambush was completely random, and even he was not able to predict when it would come. Even if he knew DarkStar’s plans, he did not have the strength to block them.

If DarkStar’s fleet come, I will have to join in the battle as well. This time, it wouldn’t be a battle on land but a galactic battle... Han Xiao mused to himself. The danger of a galactic battle was far greater than a battle on land. It was no longer a battle between Supers but a battle between fleets. He would also have to face great pressure.

After the meeting was over, Han Xiao gathered all of his officers and requested for them to be on high alert. On top of that, he also got them to unload the materials in the spaceship’s storeroom into a secret underground base in the Sanctuary.

The spaceship that he had rented was a model that was built for cruising, and its combat capability was not great. He was not prepared to send those rented spaceships into battle. Not to mention the fact that they would not be of much use, he will suffer a huge loss if the spaceships ended up being destroyed. However, he had other plans for the spaceships.

As such, the BlackLight Stealth was the only spaceship that his mercenary group could send out. While it was little, thankfully, its quality was high.

The members of the Sanctuary also got into action. They scattered the refugees and decreased the population density of the Sanctuary. On top of that, they constructed a few basic defensive measures. However, with their lack of technological skills, they could only leave everything up to luck. While the refugees did not know what was going on, they all listened to orders obediently. The atmosphere of the entire Sanctuary became extremely tense.

The players did not know what they were about to face next. Han Xiao still remembered that, in his previous life, whenever they suffered from an ambush, the mission progress of the Main Storyline Mission [Mutation Disaster] would fall greatly. With the players’ current strength, it was difficult for them to contribute much in a galactic battle.

If DarkStar doesn’t come, that would be for the best. Han Xiao let out a sigh.

...

A concealed DarkStar squad was moving slowly in the galaxy. This was a high mobility armed squad, and their flagship was not a DarkStar mothership but a command ship called ‘Blood Gal’. There were more than two hundred battleships surrounding the flagship, and the majority of the battleships were assault ships with immense firepower.

In the busy command center of the battleship, the fleet commander Nakapu had his arms behind his back as he looked at the projected star map. This gaze was emotionless, and he was cold to the point that he did not seem to have any emotions.

Not too long ago, he had led his fleet to launch two different ambushes and destroyed more than a hundred Godoran battleships. In those ambushes, his loss was less than half that figure.

Nakapu’s fleet was made up of the elites of DarkStar, and their strength was not to be underestimated. He was following his orders and on his way to the next ambush target.

“How many more days until the destination?” Nakapu asked calmly.

“17 hours and 26 minutes,” the navigator replied.

In the holographic projection, the star map of Star Zone 9 could be seen. The target planet was currently flashing in red.

Planet Aquamarine!