Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 549: Seeking Death

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

As an officer of Floating Dragon and the only armed division of Floating Dragon operating on the outside, Han Xiao was no longer the nameless individual from many years back. News about him was all around, and the model of his spaceship was naturally no secret.

All the spaceships being parked in Juberly Hub were placed in a warehouse region. The warehouse was connected to the port, and looking in from the outside of Juberly Hub, the port was like a gigantic window.

The BlackLight Stealth was akin to the Ferrari of spaceships, boasting a huge head turning effect. After some asking around, Befuli easily found out where it was parked.

“Warehouse AD-0074sd. Juberly Hub indeed gave him a high-class warehouse.”

Befuli grew excited. The serial number of this warehouse was located in the high-class region, and it was like the best spot in the car park. The security was much tighter, and the facilities present were better. For example, Befuli’s own spaceship could only be parked in an ordinary slot that started with ‘E’. His treatment was completely different.

After all, Han Xiao was a famous mercenary in the Garton Star System and had been stationed in Juberly Hub for a few years. Furthermore, his spaceship was also a high grade one, so Juberly Hub naturally gave him the best treatment. This made it even more difficult for Befuli to snatch the spaceship.

Befuli understood very clearly that he would not be able to deal with Han Xiao. Black Star had already proven his strength over the past few years in the universe. A year prior, he had even worked together with Godora to get rid of a Calamity Grade Super. His fame was towering, and Befuli did not dare underestimate him. Being a space pirate, his judgement was extremely important.

However, Befuli did not plan to give up. The BlackLight Stealth was far too tempting, and since Black Star was not near his spaceship, they would not have to face him in a battle. The entry record only had Han Xiao’s name, which meant that there was no one else on the ship. Thus, this was the best opportunity.

While he did not dare fight Black Star, he still had the guts to steal something.

Befuli brought his space pirates subordinates to weave through the complicated passages of the warehouse. Arriving at the warehouse where the BlackLight Stealth was parked, they were greeted by a thick alloy gate and could only enter after having their identities verified. However, that was the ordinary method, and the space pirates obviously chose the violent method.

Befuli’s eyes widened, and his reddish eyes began to burn with a red flame.

Whoosh!

The next moment, a pillar of fire was shot out from his eyes at a frightening temperature. The part of the door in contact with the pillar of flame quickly turned red, and the alloy softened.

Using his eyes to shoot out flames was Befuli’s Esper ability and also the source of his nickname. The heat of the flames increased as his ability developed. At the start, the temperature of his flames had only been a few hundred degrees. Now that his was a Grade B Super, the temperature of his flames was a few thousand degrees, akin to the surface temperature of a star. Thus, it was not difficult to burn a hole in a door.

Ka ka ka! 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

The sirens sounded, and the walls in the surroundings suddenly opened up. Defensive turrets popped up from the walls and opened fire on Befuli.

In the face of the intense firepower, the space pirates took out their shields. A yellow glowing light could be seen on their shields; it was a layer of energy shield, blocking the attacks from the turrets.

The Befuli’s armor changed its form rapidly and transformed into heavy armor that covered his entire body with defense as the priority. The turret fire could not penetrate his armor, and the only opening was located at his eyes. Furthermore, the armor even had the ability to strengthen his Esper ability.

Hu!

The fire pillar expanded and gradually became dark blue in color with the temperature rising rapidly.

Befuli’s gaze swept past the turrets, and the fire pillars swept through the turrets as well. In less than two seconds, all the defensive turrets were destroyed.

The alarm continued to ring, and the guards were rushing over. However, Befuli had already created a hole large enough for them to fit through.

Walking into the warehouse, the BlackLight Stealth stood silently in front of the space pirates. All of their faces were full of excitement at the moment.

“Hahaha... this ship is ours now!” Befuli halted his Esper ability, and a look of greed could be seen on his face. Taking out his communicator, he shouted, “Is the fastener ready?”

The projection of his subordinate appeared on the communicator. “No problem, boss! Our spaceship has left the port, so as long as you pilot the BlackLight Stealth out of the port, we will be able to drag it away!”

There were two main steps to robbing a spaceship. The first step was entering the warehouse and fixing on a propulsion equipment and electromagnetic device. After leaving the port, the second step was to make use of their own spaceship to drag the robbed spaceship away through the electromagnetic device.

The space pirates would not be able to disable the AI system of the spaceship in a short period of time, and they could only make use of a disrupter to prevent any transmissions from being sent or received by the spaceship. This was to prevent the owner of the spaceship from controlling the spaceship remotely. As such, the spaceship would then become a metal block that was under the mercy of the space pirates. As long as they could capture the spaceship, they would have more than enough time to work on remodeling ship.

Even if they were not able to disable the AI system, they would still be able to sell the spaceship on the black market for a high price. The merchants of the black market would then hire Mechanics to install a new AI system. Almost every black-market merchant would have a Virtual Mechanic under them.

The space pirates were extremely familiar with this procedure, and almost all of them robbed spaceships in this manner. Befuli’s subordinates did not delay and rapidly installed all the relevant tools on the body of the spaceship.

On the other side, Befuli had thrown out the signal disrupter to temporarily disable all forms of communication. Even if Black Star knew that his spaceship was being robbed, he would not be able to do anything about it.

“By the time he rushes back, we will have left with the spaceship already.”

Befuli then walked toward the hatch with his eyes glowing, prepared to breach the spaceship.

He was confident that, with the temperature of his flames, he would be able to burn a hole in almost all spaceships. It was definitely difficult for the defenses of a spaceship to defend against a Grade B Super like him.

Thus, this spaceship was as good as his!

Boom!

Right when Befuli was about to unleash his abilities, the BlackLight Stealth suddenly moved. Its engine was suddenly activated, and it suddenly hovered in midair.

Bang!

The BlackLight Stealth cut off all the equipment that was connected to the belly of the ship. Spinning three hundred and sixty degrees in midair, it sent everyone in the surroundings flying.

Befuli’s body slammed into the wall of the warehouse, and upon looking up at the floating BlackLight Stealth, he saw a laser beam expanding rapidly.

“What‽”

The blinding laser beam swallowed the stunned Befuli.

Boom!