Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 558: Fight for Time

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

It had only been a short time since the players began earning Enas, and their funds were limited. The players who could afford to buy equipment from Han Xiao were relatively rich.

However, regardless of how small their savings were, taking out three Enas was no problem at all. Many of the players did not have enough money to buy equipment, but they would definitely be able to afford the ‘cheap’ detector. Those poor players were Han Xiao’s targets. Even if they could not afford a nine-course meal that cost thousands, they would be able to afford a simple bowl of soup that cost a few dollars.

Han Xiao intentionally set the reward of the mission to be extremely high to create the possibility effect in all of the players. This was just like buying a lottery ticket. When Nagakin described the detector to him, Han Xiao had already sensed the great opportunity.

While he could choose to provide the detector for free and issue it to the players automatically when they accepted the mission, what was the point of doing so? With the opportunity to make money being presented before him, how could he not seize the opportunity to harvest the players? The Great Mechanic Han would have let himself down if he did not do so.

The mission reward was a full 10,000 Enas. However, as long as enough players accepted the mission, not only would he be able to recover his costs, it would be possible for him to make a profit of over a thousand percent!

Three Enas was not much, but the players did not know that the cost of the materials was actually very low. As long as he had the blueprint, the detector could be completed with the most ordinary materials. In truth, this price was already ridiculously high, and it was almost akin to making profits without any cost! Han Xiao was extremely clear that this situation was necessary. As long as he kept the core technology in his hands and monopolized the knowledge, making money was an extremely easy affair. This money-making method was one that would be effective even at the national and civilization level.

Ordinarily speaking, even if the players could afford the 3 Enas, they would not buy such an item because the cost of the detector was far too low. However, the current situation was completely different. Because the detector was a mission essential, the detector suddenly seemed much more valuable. Using 3 Enas in exchange for a chance to earn 10,000 Enas seemed extremely worth it.

Everyone knew that the chance was slim, but many of them wanted to try their luck. Before truly experiencing failure, they all had that trace of hope in their hearts and felt that they might be the lucky one.

To the players, they only had to pay a small price, and there was no price for them to pay if they failed. Under such circumstances, many players were naturally willing to take the gamble.

Phillip quickly handled all of the payments, and the stock of detectors depleted rapidly. Han Xiao could see the balance in his account increasing rapidly.

5 million... 5.2 million... 5.4 million...

It only began slowing down after 5.4 million Enas.

“I earned about 600,000, which means about 200,000 players bought the detector. Hmm, the stock of the detectors should be depleted soon, but the production process of the detector is extremely simple, so the assembly line can start anytime.”

Making use of the temptation of 10,000 Enas to get back so much more in profit. The margin was truly too good, and after eating this fat piece of meat, Han Xiao felt completely content. He already had enough to repay the debt. Of course, it was impossible for him to repay it now as he could use the money to grow more money.

Almost twenty percent of the players had chosen to take this gamble. Not everyone enjoyed gambling, and the majority of players did not join in the fun. However, the guilds definitely would not let go of this opportunity. Han Xiao loved such players who had ambition.

Han Xiao sent out ten or so spaceships under his charge, and all the players who accepted the mission were sent to the various regions of Planet Aquamarine. However, those few players were like a drop in the ocean compared to the size of Planet Aquamarine. Nevertheless, through Phillip’s planning of all the player’s search radius, together with the 2,000 meter radius of the detector, the efficiency of the search was not too low.

However, luck still played a huge role.

Not just the players, the Six Nations also sent out their armies to search for the Mutation Source and received a batch of detectors. However, those detectors were provided for free.

With the solution in their hands, be it Bennett, the Six Nations, or Godora, they were all extremely anxious to resolve the Mutation Disaster. As long as the trial on Planet Aquamarine succeeded, Godora would be able to wipe out the Mutation Disaster on the other ten or so calamity planets, and their internal mess would be resolved.

The hype of searching for the Mutation Source swept over Planet Aquamarine, and apart from land, the sea was also being searched. The navy of the Six Nations searched the seas, and Godora’s spaceship didn’t remain idle either, diving down into the deep sea to search for the Mutation Source. This was a region that the land forces would not be able to reach. Furthermore, the ferocious sea creatures underwater would not be able to cause any damage to the spaceship.

The entire planet sprang into action and conducted a thorough search of the planet!

“Who knows how long we will take to find the Mutation Source? It shouldn’t take too long, right?”

In the office of the Black Star second base, Han Xiao shook his leg and looked at the projected Planet Aquamarine map on his communicator. At that moment, there were plenty of green lights on the map, which represented every single detector moving around.

He had improved the detector, and the moment any of the detectors locked onto the position of the Mutation Source, the coordinates would automatically be sent to him.

In the past, the players and Godorans had been the main force to deal with the Mutation Source.

But now, in order to prevent accidents and to save time...

Han Xiao had decided...

He would take action personally!

...

“Just what is with the people on Planet Aquamarine? Why are they suddenly searching all around the planet as though they are looking for something? Could it be that they are looking for the Mutation Source?”

In some corner of Planet Aquamarine, the DarkStar force that was in hiding noticed the strange actions of those on Planet Aquamarine and could not help but be shocked.

“There is this possibility. However, the entire planet is so large. How will they be able to find it?”

“We cannot rule out this possibility. It can’t be that they created equipment to help search for the Mutation Source, right?”

“We can’t be sure yet. Record it for now.”

“If they continue with their search, there is a chance of them finding our hiding spot. Godora’s fleet is outside the atmosphere, and we won’t be able to retreat. Our situation is extremely dangerous.”

The members of the DarkStar squad fell silent. When they received their mission, they had all known that chance of survival was slim and could only pray that their disguise would not be seen through. Their small spaceship was currently disguised as a rock, and there was a certain degree of concealment.

Every calamity planet had a small team to report on the planet’s developments.

“We should just report this matter to our higher ups anyway,” the captain, who was the only Grade B Super, said.

...

The report of the Planet Aquamarine squad passed through many hands before finally entering the hands of the upper echelons. However, Degulish and the head of the intelligence department only briefly went through it before placing the report to the side.

This was not the first time that those on the calamity planets had tried to search for the Mutation Source. The way Degulish saw it, it was no more than a waste of time, and such a report was of no significance.

Godora had managed to maintain a high level of confidentiality, and news of them developing an antidote had not slipped out. They kept up with appearances and pretended to be extremely anxious and fatigued.

Thus, DarkStar did not notice anything out of the blue and was kept in the dark.

Degulish naturally was not be able to see any problems from the report of the squad left on Planet Aquamarine. His attention was not on the calamity planets but on another important event.

During this period of time, DarkStar was preparing for their next step, and Degulish’s attention was focused on this matter.

Their target this time was Planet Golden Gate!

Planet Golden Gate was a Grade A colony planet and was located near Juberly Hub. Furthermore, Juberly Hub was the central transportation hub that led to the different Star Zones and Star Systems. Thus, Planet Golden Gate was like Godora’s bridgehead and had strategic importance. At the same time, the security was extremely tight.

This time, DarkStar’s plan was not just to massacre the inhabitants of the planet but to destroy the entire planet!

Without Planet Golden Gate, the Godoran fleet would waste more time traveling to the various Star Zones.

“As long as this mission is a success, we will be able to severely wound Godora and create even more fear!” L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Degulish’s eyes glowed ferociously.

The assault was a very important part of their plan, and the DarkStar leader had allowed him to mobilize more than half of their fleet!

They were truly going all out!

Coincidentally, Black Star’s base was also on Planet Golden Gate. In the past, they did not destroy the base due to considerations for their plan. Now that they no longer had to be wary, they could destroy it to their heart’s content.

At the meeting table, a figure who was half concealed in the shadows asked, “Are you in charge of this operation?”

Degulish glanced at him and said in a deep voice, “That’s right. Including you, everyone participating in the mission has to listen to my orders regardless of their rank and status.”

This figure leaned forward, and his face was revealed from the shadows. He was Ember. The aura emanating from him was even colder than before. After massacring millions in their previous operation, he had become extremely silent, making everyone wary of him.

During the Noriosse incident, Degulish had once mocked Ember for returning in defeat, but now, he did not wish to provoke Ember. This was the deterrent effect of massacring millions.

“Call me when you take action.” Ember nodded slowly. He then stood up and left the meeting room, not bothering about the fact that the meeting was not over.

Looking at Ember’s back, Degulish began to frown, and the other upper echelons looked at each other with a strange look in their eyes.

Ever since the Long Arc massacre, Ember’s personality had slightly changed. He had become extremely cold, and even the upper echelons could not grasp his thoughts.

“Then let the meeting end here,” Degulish said without allowing any disagreement. “The fleet is already on their way, and we shall attack Planet Golden Gate in three days!”