Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 561: Mechanical Beast Guards Army!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The battle started!

Numerous beasts surrounded Han Xiao, and they flashed their teeth and claws as they pounced toward him. Han Xiao changed the posture of his hands, connecting four of the giant machine hands with Mechanical Force. His twenty giant fingers turned into cannon barrels.

Boom!

The light cannons wildly shot, and even the misty fog was evaporated by the high temperature. The surrounding beasts were riddled with holes and fell continuously. Their blood flowed into the mud, turning into a viscous, nasty-smelling liquid.

For a brief moment, no beasts could approach Han Xiao.

However, the number of beasts numbered above ten thousand, stretching out endlessly. Under the control of the Mutation Source, the beasts were whipped into a frenzy. Other than Han Xiao, who was surrounded by the beasts, the hundred odd players also turned into live targets.

The beast horde rushed out to attack, roaring continuously. The ground shook as they stampeded over, the sound of their roars covering even the sound of the heavy downpour.

Because Han Xiao had brought the storyline forward significantly, the Mutation Source had become much weaker. Thus, the current beast horde was much smaller than in his previous life. However, this also indirectly caused the number of players available to also be smaller, with only a population of a few hundred. The boss battle against the Mutation Source was supposed to be an all-out war, yet it had turned into a sudden encounter with only a few elites involved!

The expressions of Jupiter and the others changed as the surging tide of the beast horde drew closer rapidly. When compared to the huge beast tide, those people felt insignificant, as though they could be swallowed up in the wave at any time.

When the boss battle mission had successfully been triggered in the information interface, each of the few hundred players had actually hoped to be the one to kill the Mutation Source. However, in the face of this avalanche-like beast horde, all their fantasies were ruthlessly crushed.

Are you kidding? With so few of us, we cannot even break through the beast horde. How can we even go against the Boss of this Mutation Disaster‽

A large portion of the players felt their hearts tighten as a feeling akin to that of a mantis attempting to stop a cart appeared in them. They felt weak, helpless, and pitiful. An urge to retreat rose unbidden within them.

The lion beast that was at the forefront opened its bloody maw, showcasing its sharp and ferocious teeth. A putrid stench wafted over as it readied to pounce.

Clank!

Suddenly, the clanking of machinery silenced even the sound of the heavy downpour. The next instant, countless artillery and gunfire bombarded the inner area of the beast horde. The glare of the fire seemed to chase after the gloomy darkness caused by the overcast clouds, illuminating the faces of the players.

The beasts that were originally running toward the players stopped and turned behind to look. The players took the opportunity to run a little further. As they looked back in surprise, every one of their mouths dropped.

They only saw that within the center of the horde, 4,000 to 5,000 machines had materialized. There were hundreds of flying turrets in the sky and densely packed mechanical beasts on the ground—such as the Black Panther series, the Spider series, the Crawler Tank series, and many more. All of them were moving in a fluid manner, as though they were true creatures. From afar, they resembled a colony of armored ants.

The beasts closest to the steel army were shredded without exception, and no one else dared get in close proximity to them. Metal and flesh stood in opposition of each other, with the eight Oathkeepers guarding Han Xiao in a ring-shaped formation. The raindrops splashed off their armor, creating a wet luster.

“Do you think that only you have an army?”

The corners of Han Xiao’s mouth hooked up, and his energy built an invisible cover above him, blocking the rain and flowing outward, such that even his clothes remained dry. Compared to the roaring beasts, the mechanical beasts around him were cold and silent, like elite soldiers who followed instructions precisely.

A distance away, the Mutation Source stood on the back of a ten-meter-tall mammoth, unmoving. The facial features that were originally flattened had once again reappeared. Even it was shocked by this change.

A year ago, Han Xiao had obtained a loan from the Noriosse Financial Group, lining his pockets with money. Other than building his base, he had also expanded his mechanical army. The 4,000 or so troops standing there were his current mechanic army... but this was only a part of the complete force!

Its name was his Mechanical Beast Guards Army!

“Are... are all of these his machines‽”

“F*ck me, this is the true opening style of the Mechanic!”

“My goodness, give me a slap to wake me up!”

Hundreds of players rubbed their eyes, looking on with an expression of shock. In the blink of an eye, how come there were so many more machines around Han Xiao?

The group of people suddenly realized that this could be the first time since returning that Black Star had shown his cards!

Regardless of whether it was the hundreds of players present or the tens of thousands of players on the forums, everyone had the same thoughts.

This is the true style of the Mechanic!

One person is equivalent to an entire legion!

On the forums, all the Mechanic players were staring with sparkling eyes. They had already set Han Xiao as their role model, and they were determined to build their own mechanic army.

So what if it’s a money burner? The style points for this are through the sky!

Let’s not even talk about being strong. If one does not spend money, even appearing handsome would not be possible!

It was unknown, however, just how many players were pushed into the abyss of poverty just by this scene.

“Go, my children.” Han Xiao spoke lightly as he activated the legion.

Boom!

The Mechanic Army powered up in an instant, throwing themselves into the beast horde as though they were smashing into bamboo. With various attacking methods, they forcefully carved out gaps within the horde of beasts. The levitating artillery also reacted, firing lasers everywhere. With their strong penetrative power, the era of gunpowder and electromagnetic weapons paled in comparison.

The Void Dragon Mechanical suit covered Han Xiao’s body, and its propulsion system at the back spurted out a long tail of flames. Han Xiao broke through the curtain of rain like a rocket, instantly rushing to the back where the Mutation Source was standing on the mammoth’s body. The thrusters on the soles of his feet erupted, and the biochemical muscles around his leg swelled, delivering a ruthless knee strike to the abdomen of the Mutation Source.

His knee was buried deep in the abdomen of the Mutation Source, a force enough to break through the strength of a building concentrated within that small area. A shockwave radiated from the point of contact.

Boom!

The body of the Mutation Source curled up like a cooked shrimp. The next second, it resembled a released arrow, shooting up into the sky!

Bending his legs, Han Xiao threw himself up as well. The force from his jump was delivered to the mammoth below him, and it screamed in pain, slamming into the mud below it.

Han Xiao quickly caught up to the Mutation Source whom he kicked high up. A mechanical hand unfolded, assembling into a drill that pierced deep into the chest of the Mutation Source. It lay skewered on the drill. However, despite how severe the injury looked, it had no effect on the Mutation Source.

“This sort of attack... has no effect on me...”

The Mutation Source remained expressionless, mumbling passively as though stating a fact.

The left hand of Han Xiao opened up into a claw shape, with conical needle like tubes poking out of his fingertips. The five fingers viciously pierced onto the face of the Mutation Source, and as the needles penetrated, they released the Destruction Serum through the tubes, injecting it into the body of the Mutation Source.

Bang!

The Mutation Source exploded completely as though it was an overfilled water balloon, spraying out everywhere. It was as though the rain had turned black all of a sudden. With the internal skeleton exposed, it was quickly torn apart by the rotating mechanical drill.

The majority of the black tar like substance disintegrated into a molecular level before it could touch the ground, disappearing without a trace.

As for the remaining parts of the Mutation Source, it splashed into the muddy water, reverting to its original slime form. It sprayed out more slime, constructing its simulated body from scratch once again. However, without an internal skeleton, the process was a lot more difficult. It took a long time for a human shape to be restored. Although it could not show any expressions, its fear could not be hidden.

“Urgh... what happened? You... what have you done‽”

Within its ink black body, white lines could be seen radiating around it, like tiny snakes swimming around. Now that the first injection had taken effect, the Mutation Source discovered that its ability was greatly suppressed. During the instant in which it had been injected, it had lost its connection to all the infected people. It could remember this sort of deep darkness from when it had just been born, without any external senses to manipulate.

There was a moment where all the raging beasts were free from the control of the Mutation Source. Their anger and fury had dissipated, causing them to regain clarity. However, this only lasted for a few seconds before the Mutation Source regained its strength and reasserted its control. However, its control intensity was reduced, and it could detect that it had lost a lot of energy, becoming weaker.

In its short life, it had felt the taste of fear for the first time.

The eight Oathkeepers around Han Xiao were like barriers, separating the beast horde and preventing the Mutation Source from receiving support. Han Xiao landed near the Mutation Source, and looking at its expression, he felt as though he was beating up a small child.

The upper arm of his mechanical suit revealed a cylindrical recess, and the empty serum tube was ejected, dropping into the mud.

Looking at the stats of the enemy, Han Xiao’s brows furrowed. He discovered something strange, that the ability of the Mutation Source had only decreased by about a third. This was vastly inferior to the effects that he remembered from his past life.

He had a suspicion and, upon pondering further, realized the issue.

Previously, Godora spent a longer time doing research, and while the circumstances now are different, because I gave them a sample, the research time was still too short. Because I was pressed for time, the sample provided was weaker than in my previous life, so there’s a need for a larger dosage.

Nagakin had only brought three serums, and Han Xiao had planned to use all three to quickly eliminate the Mutation Source. However, the effects of the serum were not as pronounced as before, which was something that he had not expected. Most likely, even if he finished injecting all three, the Mutation Source would still not collapse on its own.

Sh*t!

Godora was indeed unreliable. It was still better to use his fists to solve the problem!

Cupping his fists, Han Xiao helplessly shook his head.

“It seems like I’ll need to accompany you for some playtime.”

Meanwhile, the Mechanical Beast Guards Army cooperated seamlessly under the control of Phillip, pinning down all the beasts on the mountains and plains. Even the beasts who were originally going after the players had turned back to fight the Mechanical Beast Guards Army that was like a meat grinder.

The hundreds of players finally heaved sighs of relief, pausing to look at the blood-soaked battlefield. Seeing that the beast horde was occupied by Han Xiao’s army, they started to plot once again.

The beast horde is no longer chasing us!

That’s right, Black Star’s Mechanic Army is likely to be pinning the beast horde down.

This is as good as helping us restrain them, so we’ll have the chance to integrate into the battlefield and fight with the beasts!

Furthermore, we can even kill off the Mutation Source and complete the first kill!

Jupiter’s eyes gleamed, and he was overjoyed at this scene.

While Black Star was currently dealing with the Mutation Source, an NPC would definitely not care who ended up killing the Mutation Source. As for them, they would be able to obtain the extra reward by killing the Mutation Source! This was an opportunity to achieve the highest rank for the Ranked mission!

The hundreds of players were eager to move, wanting to be the one that took its head.

...

The moment the detector locked onto the Mutation Source, Han Xiao had immediately taken his BlackLight Stealth out, without having time to inform anyone else. However, all the various parties had been concerned about the movement of the BlackLight Stealth. Han Xiao had only exchanged a few blows with the Mutation Source before the Six Nations, Bennett, Nagakin, and others saw the pictures of the battlefield through satellite imagery. It was then that they discovered the presence of the Mutation Source, and they were all overjoyed by this news.

It had only been a day, but they had already found the Mutation Source! Nagakin was immensely happy and immediately gathered his troops to provide support.

The same was true for Herlous, who immediately gathered the mercenaries to set off. While he knew that Han Xiao would likely not require much help, as his subordinates, to have the leader fight whilst they ate popcorn, what sort of mercenaries were they! Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

If they were picked on by Han Xiao because of this... Thus, even if it was just to join in the fun, they had to be on scene!

Bennett had absolute confidence in Han Xiao and waved his hand, allowing people on the battlefield to broadcast the scene of the battlefield inside the Sanctuary. All the channels displayed images of Han Xiao fighting on the battlefield, and the refugees were all seated around their screens, nervously watching the fight unfold.

Hila and Aurora also stopped their work of checking for the infected, looking intently at the screen.

“Sis, look, Han Xiao!” Aurora happily exclaimed.

Watching the one-sided fight, Hila’s red lips trembled, her expression conflicted.

She thought about how, a few years ago, Han Xiao had destroyed the Germinal Organization and ended the war. To say that he had saved the world was inappropriate, but he had indeed saved her sister and herself.

However, Han Xiao was really saving the world this time. From the time he returned to the present, the number of people whom he had saved was probably in the millions.

While she had known him for a few years, Hila realized that she had never truly understood Han Xiao. This person was like a closed book, making it difficult for anyone to actually know what he was thinking.

On the screen, watching Han Xiao’s show of force by using one person’s strength to stop an army of beasts, she definitely could not achieve that. In just a few years, she had already been left far behind.

Hila could not help but tighten her fists.

Only by following the Dragon Emperor to cultivate will I be able to catch up with him, right?

The attention of the Six Nations was also focused on Han Xiao, their hearts tightening with anxiety.

Only when Han Xiao destroyed this Mutation Source would the disaster truly end. Only today did they finally see a ray of light in this bleak and dark world.

The upper echelons of the Six Nations all stopped their work, staring fixedly at the image transmitted by the satellites. Even the heads of the Six Nations did the same.

Everyone hoped in their heart for Han Xiao to succeed.

As for the DarkStar squad that were hidden in Planet Aquamarine, they also discovered the scene of the battlefield.