Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 565: Unexpected Reinforcements

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Two days soon passed.

As a Grade A colony planet, Planet Golden Gate had a large fleet stationed around it all year round. After the Long Arc incident, the alert status of the planet had risen, and the troops stationed on Planet Golden Gate often patrolled the vicinity.

According to their regulations, there were four layers to their reconnaissance range. The outermost range was a radar that scanned for energy signals. The second layer was a sentry spaceship patrolling far away. Those two layers were extremely far away from Planet Golden Gate, and if they detected an enemy attack, the main force would have sufficient time to prepare.

D-3018 sentry spaceship was patrolling in the outer region, and the members of the radar monitoring team stared at the screen unblinkingly as they analyzed and dealt with the data of the region. Occasionally, there would be a spaceship flying past the region, and the radar monitoring team would be on edge.

The job of monitoring the radar was an extremely taxing one, and thus, the members of the team worked shifts. Even so, repeatedly doing the same monotonous task made it difficult for the entire team to raise their spirits. Furthermore, the regulations prohibited them from chatting during a period of high alert.

The entire room was filled with silence, and only the humming sound from the machinery could be heard.

Right at that moment, bright red words were suddenly plastered all over the screen, and a screeching alarm went off. All the members in the team were startled and almost fell off their chairs.

“Alert! Alert! CR-20849 detected a large-scale spatial disruption!”

“Alert! Lost connection with CR-20489!”

The attention of the radar monitoring team was immediately drawn over, and they immediately checked the last few photos that CR-20489 had sent over before losing connection.

On the radar screen, densely packed spots of light could be seen with every single spot of light representing the energy reaction of a battleship. The spots of light were so densely packed that they could light up an entire region of the radar screen. With just a single glance, it was impossible to tell the number of battleships that had appeared.

This gigantic fleet was currently heading their way!

The faces of the entire team changed color.

The radar monitoring team blanked out with their limbs turning cold and lips trembling.

“Enemy... enemy attack!”

“Quickly, send a report!”

“Leave this region quickly!”

A thick beam of light suddenly shot toward D-3018 sentry spaceship from afar. This was the main cannon of the DarkStar mothership. It had a long attack range and was extremely powerful. It made use of a single high-energy reactor as its ammunition.

The protective shield of the sentry spaceship was instantly torn apart, and the light beam struck the sentry spaceship. The entire spaceship exploded into a ball of light and was reduced to floating space trash.

Very quickly, a gigantic fleet appeared and majestically floated past the wreckage of the sentry spaceship. The gigantic DarkStar mothership was surrounded by a huge fleet of spaceships. There were thousands of spaceships in the entire fleet, and the DarkStar spaceships were like ants protecting their queen with the DarkStar mothership being like a moving fortress.

The same scene was taking place in four different places.

DarkStar had sent out a total of five motherships in order to attack Planet Golden Gate!

In one of the DarkStar motherships, Degulish looked at the radar screen before him and said, “Godora’s reconnaissance range is pretty good. When we arrive at Planet Golden Gate, the fleet stationed there will have gotten into formation. It is a pity that we weren’t able to ambush them successfully.”

However, he had not thought that the ambush would be successful. Godora was already on high alert, so it would not be so easy to ambush them again. Besides, they had sent out half of their organization’s troops this time, so it would not make a difference if they failed to ambush Godora.

Not too long later, Planet Golden Gate appeared in their sights, and the other four DarkStar motherships also appeared near Planet Golden Gate. Godora had tightened its defensive formation and opened up a few dozen golden Weiss Magical Protective Shields. The Godoran fleet guarding the planet was only a fourth or fifth the size of the DarkStar fleet. It was as though they were surrounded by wolves.

Five DarkStar motherships were surrounding Planet Golden Gate from five different directions.

Every mothership had a commander, and the overall commander of the attack was Degulish.

“Attack!” Degulish commanded, not wasting any time talking to Godora.

The battle erupted!

There was no sound in the vacuum of space, and numerous light beams, homing missiles, and laser cannons lit up the dark space in a beautiful light display. The attacks continued wave after wave, and before the previous wave of attacks ended, a new wave of attacks started. Endless waves of explosions could be seen outside the atmosphere of Planet Golden Gate.

The dozens of protective shields vibrated violently, looking as though they would shatter at any moment.

Godora’s fleet had adopted a defensive stance and tried their best to sustain the protective shields.

“Don’t even dream of stalling for time to wait for reinforcements,” Degulish sneered.

DarkStar had come extremely well prepared, and before taking action, they had already collected intelligence on the troops stationed on Planet Golden Gate. While Planet Golden Gate was a Grade A colony planet that had a large fleet stationed all year round, it was insignificant in the face of the troops that DarkStar had sent out. DarkStar could crush Godora in terms of numbers, and the battleships of both parties were extremely similar in terms of strength.

On the other side, DarkStar had also paid attention to the movement of Godora’s fleet on the other planets. However, the troops guarding the other planets showed no signs of movement. Thus, even if Godora wanted to seek reinforcements from Juberly Hub, the reinforcements would take some time to arrive. As long as DarkStar unleashed all of their firepower without restraint, they would definitely be able to break through the defenses of Planet Golden Gate before the reinforcements arrived.

“Continue attacking, don’t stop,” Degulish said coldly.

With the numerical advantage, he was not planning to start a ground battle. He only planned to destroy everything with absolute firepower. The objective of their mission this time was not a massacre but to bathe Planet Golden Gate with cannon fire. They wanted to flatten the entire planet and destroy all the structures on the planet. They intended to completely destroy the entire colony planet.

At the same time, Planet Golden Gate fell into complete chaos because of this sudden assault. Countless individuals flooded the dock and wanted to escape in their spaceships. However, the army stationed at the dock received news from their superiors to lock down the dock and prevent any civilian spaceships from taking off.

This action had immediately enraged the populace, and a huge conflict had broken out in the dock. The entire situation was extremely chaotic, and everyone wanted to escape from the planet but was blocked by the army.

“What right do you have to prevent us from leaving!”

“A war is happening up there—do you guys want us to die with you‽”

“It’s my right to choose to leave this planet!”

The soldiers guarding the dock remained unperturbed and had stern expressions on their faces. In truth, they were also extremely afraid of DarkStar wiping out the fleet guarding the planet. If that happened, they would also die. However, they had been through strict training and knew to calm themselves down in times of fear and carry out orders strictly.

The order from their superior was to prevent anyone from leaving the planet. First, the entire planet was being bombarded with cannon fire, and the civilian spaceships would definitely be destroyed the moment they left the protective shield. Second, the civilian spaceships might end up creating chaos in the battlefield. If those spaceships crashed into the Godoran fleet, it was very likely to set off a chain reaction that would spell their immediate defeat. Furthermore, there might be DarkStar spies hidden among the civilians who were planning on destroying Godora’s defenses from within. Thus, while it was a little too much to forbid the civilians on Planet Golden Gate from escaping, it was necessary to do so. Only when the protective shield was about to break would they escape together with the civilians.

Being unable to break through the lockdown of the army, many people collapsed to the ground with fear plastered all over their faces. Many of them greatly regretted not escaping the planet like the others and taking refuge in the universe.

The media outlets on Planet Golden Gate also made use of their observatory equipment to broadcast the battle outside the atmosphere to the entire Star System. The news anchor trembled and suppressed the fear in his heart as he reported the situation on the planet.

The local news was quickly spread into the galaxy, and many news channels broadcast the situation on Planet Golden Gate. After the Long Arc incident, DarkStar had once again stretched out their demonic claws to another planet. The attention of many in the Shattered Star Ring was drawn to this event.

Godora had just announced that they had developed a working antidote for the Mutation Disaster, but this assault had brought a new wave of fear to Godora.

The situation outside the planet was extremely tense, and the fleet stationed on Planet Golden Gate had already lost more than two hundred battleships and more than ten Weiss Magical Protective Shields. The protective shield surrounding the planet seemed to be on the verge of collapse, and a portion of the attacks could already pass through the cracks in the protective shields.

Many cities had activated their own protective shields and did not suffer much damage. However, once the fleet protecting the planet fell, the protective shield of the cities would not be able to last for long. A series of cannons had also revealed itself from the ground and aimed toward the sky. Their missile systems had also been activated, and the atmosphere was extremely tense.

The moment that the DarkStar fleet broke through the atmosphere, Planet Golden Gate could only put up their final defense. However, if even the fleet guarding the planet was destroyed, these defensive structures would only be enough to tickle DarkStar.

“Increase firepower. They can’t hold us back anymore,” Degulish sneered as he observed the situation on the battlefield.

Right at that moment, a screeching alarm went off in the mothership.

“Alert! A large unknown energy source is approaching! The numbers are unknown!”

Before Degulish could even react, the light of battleships exiting from hyperdrive flashed around the edge of the battlefield. Plenty of battleships of all shapes and sizes began appearing on the battlefield and formed a gigantic alliance fleet. They were obviously not there to help DarkStar.

All of those battleships were painted with logos, and more than ten different logos could be seen on all the battleships.

“Sky Ring Army, Purple Gold Army, Blades Army... these are all the large Mercenary Groups in the region!”

Degulish was dumbfounded.

Wait a moment! Why have these mercenaries appeared all of a sudden? Where did they come from‽

Not just him, the leaders of the other organizations who were viewing the broadcast had also revealed looks of shock.

Did Godora actually prepare an ambush‽ 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

In the flagship of the Sky Ring Army, the leader of the Sky Ring Army, Gureja, had just ended his conversation with the director-general of Godora’s War Bureau. He then looked in the direction of Planet Golden Gate and stroked his needle-like beard while chuckling.

“Ha, Black Star has truly introduced me to a big job.”