Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 633: Formation of the Organization, an Assault Invitation

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

There was no suspense in that crushing battle. With Bret’s troops being completely destroyed, the battlefield that was crisscrossed with artillery fire turned completely silent, with corpses and metal debris floating all around.

Han Xiao had cooperated with the forces of Jayne and Gadeli, driving the 3rd Generation Ship Destroyer straight into the enemy’s fleet like a knife to vegetables. The enemy fleet had no way to retaliate. After all, he currently possessed two interstellar combat methods. Virtual Intrusion served as internal disturbance, whereas driving the Giant Soldier was just mindless violence.

For such a small fry, why was there a need to utilize Virtual Intrusion? Just cut through them like a hot knife through butter, that would be more enjoyable.

In the past, Han Xiao had seen battlefields where thousands of battleships bombarded each other and had even participated in such battles himself. Compared to the large-scale artillery warfare density, this small-scale operation did not give him any pressure. There was no difficulty in controlling his mechanical suit to avoid and hide.

The 3rd Generation Ship Destroyer was also a crucial factor. Han Xiao had spent a lot of effort to perfect the blueprint of this giant mechanical suit. He had lost count how much materials he had poured into it. This sort of ship destroyers would show the greatest effect in such small-scale interstellar warfare. A 3rd Generation Ship Destroyer cost at least 3.5 million Enas, which was more than some small high-end battleships. If it was the him two years ago, this sum of money would have hurt him.

But right now, it only made a sizeable dent.

The ability of the Black Star Army to rake in gold could even destroy Floating Dragon Island. Han Xiao faintly remembered that the last time he checked the account balance, there seemed to be more than 80 million Enas worth of liquid funds, and their fixed assets were several times that number. This was far less when compared to a financial group, but he could be considered a young and promising leek scholar [1. Loosely translated, it refers to an organization that profits off dumping of stocks and shares to force a drop in the market before capitalizing on it.]. Oh no, a better word would be a powerful leader.

Originally, Jayne and Gadeli’s troops were supposed to be the main attackers, but the moment Han Xiao entered the battle, he immediately snatched away their position as he dominated the fight. They ended up only being able to contain the enemy and watch the whole process. Watching Han Xiao control the Giant Soldier, his style gave them a deep impression, which could be summed up as...

Stylish!

Luxurious!

Mischievous!

The Third Generation Ship Destroyer had also received some minor damage, along with losing a large amount of its fuel in just this short battle time. Han Xiao retreated in the 3rd Generation Ship Destroyer, returning to the Blacklight Stealth and regrouping with Jayne and Gadeli. The three of them left the crime scene as one whole, heading toward the nearest unmanned planet for a rest.

“You guys did a good job.” Dodder contacted the trio, praising their success.

The reward was already transferred into each person’s accounts, and Han Xiao received a notification to show that his mission had been completed. The Favorability of the Purple Crystal Civilization had also risen slightly as a result.

“Everyone should have some sort of speculation in their hearts. That’s right—this was a simple test for us to select some reliable unofficial armies to cooperate with us. You have all demonstrated your strength, and we hope to have a happy cooperation in the future.”

Jayne and Gadeli immediately exclaimed. They had thought that since their limelight had been stolen away by Black Star, they would no longer have an opportunity. Thus, they got excited.

“With the chaos present in the Shattered Star Ring during the past two years, we think that the future will be host to even more unpredictable and complex dangers,” Dodder explained. “Thus, we have planned to secretly form an organization of various armies. We’re looking for more people of your caliber to cooperate with us, to defend the Colton Star Cluster in secret. As for the specifics, I can’t disclose them to you yet, but what I can reveal is that we’re building a secret army, and all of you are potential candidates.”

A secret organization comprised of various armies?

Han Xiao perked up. He recalled which storyline this was at last.

In Version 3.0 ‘Crimson Tide’, due to the flurry of activity all around, joining a faction had become a sort of culture. It was not just the Purple Crystal Civilization, but many Star Cluster Civilizations also recruited various armed forces to aid them in times of need, creating a secret organization much akin to the Protectors.

For example, the Shattered Star Ring Mercenary Alliance in Version 3.0 was one of such products of combining various armed forces.

The allied organizations would form the basis of the factions that the players could join in on Version 3.0, and their choices were plenty.

Han Xiao recalled that the organization formed by the Purple Crystal Civilization was codenamed ‘Section Zero’. It referred to the hidden organizations and departments of the Purple Crystal Civilization. The members within were strong and came from various galaxies, accepting a long-term employment from the Purple Crystal Civilization in exchange for resources.

In other words, both Jayne and Gadeli would likely be comrades in the future. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Han Xiao would never reject such a good deal, and furthermore, he would still have to approach the Purple Crystal Civilization in order to obtain the Cutting-Edge Knowledge he required. Just his title as a member of Section Zero would net him quite a few benefits. This was a connection to having a long-term cooperation with a Star Cluster Civilization.

In his previous life, when the players entered Version 3.0, the joint organizations had already been formed way ahead of time. What the players gazed on was merely the end product, but what was before Han Xiao right now was the early stage of the preparation for the joint organizations. This was obviously a bigger opportunity for him!

Even without his shameless self-recommendation, the Purple Crystal Civilization already had him in their sights. His position today would not have been possible without all his hard work to manage his faction as well as the blood, sweat, and tears of the players.

If he could become the main force behind Section Zero, this would be akin to raising his reputation in the Shattered Star Ring, which would boost his name to become one of the first-rate organizations within the Colton Star Cluster.

This was his own shortcut to a higher level of prestige!

“If I receive a reasonable pay for my efforts, I would be pleased to,” Han Xiao replied.

Jayne and Gadeli also recovered from their ecstasy and hurriedly replied, expressing their willingness to join in this organization.

“You will not be disappointed with the remuneration. At present, the organization is still in selection. When it is formally established, there will be many huge missions,” Dodder replied.

This move from the Purple Crystal Civilization was akin to military conscription on Earth. The Purple Crystal Civilization initially had a fixed number of organizations that were in cooperation with it, but in the past two years, Klent had been restless, which had led to the Purple Crystal Civilization having a premonition that there would be a conflict with them sooner or later. As the conflict intensified, there was a chance of a secret war happening.

The so-called secret war was merely both sides screaming at each other to ‘come get a piece of me’, yet refusing to declare war on each other. Instead, they would secretly use their affiliated organizations to attack the other party, cutting off their wings. This is a torturous method under the Peace Treaty, where the killing and killed was all borne by the allied organizations.

Of course, the Star Cluster Civilizations knew the theory that if you wished to have good race horses, you had to allow the horses to graze. They were immensely generous with their benefits and were able to support the resource needs for the allied organizations. It could be said that as long as an organization could survive this secret war and cooperate as the pawns of the civilization, they would face a qualitative change and rush toward the sky in one shot.

Han Xiao understood the idea of the Purple Crystal Civilization. If he wished to develop and aim higher, it would be impossible to do so without facing danger. While he had a good organization at the moment, expansion would not happen on its own. Han Xiao knew that he had to correct his position at any given time.

Unless Ames became a collaborator with the Purple Crystal Civilization, he would not have enough leverage nor say when against a Star Cluster Civilization. He had not reached a point where he could haggle with a civilization of that level. The Purple Crystal Civilization was not begging him to join, but rather, this was a chance for him to properly develop his forces, which was essentially a fair deal.

As long as the reward was enough, he did not mind fighting for them. Right now, he was no longer the past self where he was weak and needed to be careful with every step. With enough strength and capabilities, he could bravely charge in.

Unlike Jayne and Gadeli who had expressions of joy, Han Xiao had already begun to deduce the consequences of his every choice.

A secret war... Han Xiao stroked his chin.

This was one of the most important storylines for Version 3.0. If one ignored the complicated interests behind Crimson Tide, the theme of Version 3.0 could be summarized in one word: fighting!

The various allied organizations would be in conflict with each other, and Section Zero would also have to face off against the Klent Kingdom many times. They certainly would not be excluded from the battlefield.

As long as the Tyrant did not appear, everything could be settled. He was not afraid of any other muscle-heads at all, and he had never been afraid of people at the same level as him.

Swoo!

At this time, the sound of a spaceship passing by was suddenly heard above them. Han Xiao stopped his communication and quickly looked up, seeing a small and exquisitely designed single-person spaceship. It was not known when this spaceship had entered the planet.

“Coincidentally here to collect some resources?” Jayne asked.

“Unclear.” Gadeli shook his head in return.

The single person spaceship’s hatch opened, and a woman dressed in white robes floated out in midair, with a white colored cat mask on her face. She surveyed the surroundings with a cold expression.

“Who are you?” Gadeli shouted out. Toward this uninvited guest, he could not help being vigilant upon feeling the powerful fluctuations coming from her.

This was a Calamity Grade Super!

Shana ignored him, instead looking around before her gaze landed on Han Xiao. She blandly asked, “Black Star?”

Han Xiao narrowed his eyes and did not answer. He faintly felt that this visitor had unkind intentions.

“It doesn’t matter even if you do not answer. You can’t escape today.” Shana swept her eyes across before muttering to herself, “Three Calamity Grades, a little tough.”

Ka ka ka!

The next instant, Shana moved. From the time she showed herself till she attacked, it did not even take ten seconds!

She reached out, and the dozens of spaceships parked on the surface immediately turned into metal fragments. The spaceships violently exploded, and the fragments were transformed into a metal storm grinder. In a split second, the subordinates of Jayne and Gadeli were sliced into minced meat.

Gadeli was furious, and the battle suit on his body resonated like a giant wave. Nanoparticles gathered in his hands, turning into a giant firearm. The muzzle of the firearm fired toward Shana, and the cannon rays were extremely strong, incorporating all of his Mechanical Force.

Dong! Dong!

A sudden fierce battle unfolded!

Shana pointed, and an invisible magnetic field shield appeared around her. The defense of the shield was quite strong, and even after the flames from the explosion covered the body, they were all isolated outside of the magnetic field, leaving her unharmed. Then, Shana gripped with her hand.

Bang!

The huge firearm in Gadeli’s hands immediately disintegrated, turning back into nanoparticles like sand falling off from one’s hands.

Magnetic Field Control and Metal Manipulation‽ Han Xiao’s expression contorted. This uninvited guest had come here to deal with him and could completely restrain any Mechanics. It was unknown where she came from. As he thought, the only thing he could link it to was the hunting list.

It can’t be. How is there so much of a coincidence? Han Xiao was surprised. He secretly wondered how the enemy was able to discover his location.

Only he was involved in the operation this time, and those who could leak the report, other than the Purple Crystal Civilization, would only be his comrades, Jayne and Gadeli...

No, there was another possibility!

Han Xiao thought of the fleet that he had annihilated previously. Before they got destroyed, they had sent the intelligence out. Could it be that this mysterious hunter was associated with Klent?

Whoosh!

The huge metal fragments shot toward his head with a whistling sound, distracting him from his thoughts. It was not the time to consider such factors. Han Xiao wanted to use the Berserk Ape, but upon recalling the abilities of the enemy, he frowned and could only remove the thought of using his Mechanical suit. He relied on his own body to dodge the fragments, escaping far away.

The metal fragments slammed into the ground, creating a large pit and scattering stones everywhere.

Shana had faced everyone alone, but with just a few finger movements, she had already destroyed the army of Gadeli and flung him away hand. Seeing this, Jayne’s face lost all color. The battle capabilities of this uninvited guest had far outstripped her expectations!

Han Xiao had a headache. Facing such an opponent, the Mechanic profession was bound to have its arms tied behind its back. The many methods at his disposal would all be easily resolved by the other party, causing him to lose a lot of money.

This was by far the enemy that most countered his abilities!

Metal Manipulation is the kryptonite of the Mechanics. This woman probably also has a battle capability at Grade A+. If this carries on, the situation won’t be good...