Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 678 Hail Feidin!

The disbanding of the Six Nations’ governments was quick.

Han Xiao’s strength, power, and prestige were all higher than the Six Nations’. Despite being unwilling, the government officials of the Six Nations had no chance to fight back. In the face of overwhelming strength, they realized that if Black Star wanted to take over the entire Planet Aquamarine, it would be a piece of cake, yet he had waited till then to do so.

In the past, Bennett would not have agreed to the plan. However, after this incident, he was willing to take on greater responsibility. In his eyes, the future of the entire civilization was more important; the Six Nations were way too unreliable.

Peaceful means were used to disband the Six Nations. Neither Han Xiao nor Bennett wanted another war to break out on Planet Aquamarine. The bloody example of the Old Era was right in front of them, so Han Xiao’s target was only the governments of the Six Nations.

To replace them from top to bottom.

The upper echelons of the Six Nations were arrested, and Bennett’s people were placed into the governments. The other government officials at all levels were greatly alarmed, but there was little resistance. The declaration of war from the Six Nations had not only caused them to lose the support of the people, but they had also lost the loyalty of many lower-level officials. The government was not completely united, and every official had their own independent ideas. Throughout Planet Aquamarine, Han Xiao’s reputation was more useful than the Six Nations’; he was widely respected.

Bennett got rid of some of the high-ranking officials while retaining the vast majority of the middle and lower ranked officials. The Six Nations were vast—these people were required to manage them. Furthermore, a pyramid-shaped power structure would falter when the bottom level was taken away. It was not suitable to immediately replace the original political structure, or it would cause chaos.

After all, most middle- and low-level officials were simply trying to earn a living. As long as they were not invaded by foreign enemies, they did not mind their wages being paid by another group of people.

Even the upper echelons were not united. Some of them were willing to work for Bennett’s new government, including Gu Hui. He was utterly disappointed in his original government. Seeing Han Xiao taking over the Six Nations, he briefly struggled between patriotism and racial justice, and in the end, the latter prevailed.

Things could not be changed anymore; staying there and contributing to the entire civilization was his best choice. Gu Hui knew that letting Han Xiao lead Planet Aquamarine might be a much better choice.

After all the dust settled, only then did Han Xiao announce this to all the civilians. Unsurprisingly, this message sent the Six Nations’ people into an uproar.

Although many people were dissatisfied with the declaration of war by the Six Nations, they did not think that their government would disappear in such a short period of time. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Countless people were worried sick that this might be the start of another era filled with chaos. However, after some time, they realized that their lives did not change much at all. The original territories of the Six Nations became six special zones where most of the original laws were retained. Bennett knew that this had to be done slowly so that the civilians could gradually adjust to the new government.

Reality was not a fairy tale; even though Han Xiao’s image was like a savior on Planet Aquamarine, there were still passionate patriotic protests as every government knew how to cultivate strong supporters. There were also those with ulterior motives who acted on the opportunity. Such backlash was inevitable during the unification of a civilization. Most people remained silent.

After all, the Six Nations had launched missiles at Black Star City first, so they were not in a position to complain.

For most people, as long as their lives remained unchanged, they would not do anything about the change of government. The people of Planet Aquamarine had experienced countless wars and disasters, so they cherished the stability of their lives. Furthermore, many were the survivors of dead nations from the Old Era and wanderers, not fully loyal to the Six Nations and having more understanding of the situation. This was also one of the reasons that Han Xiao had been confident in doing

this.

Since the interstellar era, most stereotypes had shattered. The lines of the nationality were blurred for most people, replaced by the mindset based on the entire race. The importance of the nations depended on what it was compared with, and it was clearly not comparable to the continuation of the entire race. Hence, most people did not oppose Bennett’s new government. Furthermore, Black Star was behind Bennett, who was way more reliable than the Six Nations.

The entire civilization was united, and Bennett finally decided on the name of the new government-Aquamarine Federation.

Naming the government after the planet was easier for the people to accept. Han Xiao, though aware of the meaning of the name, still felt that it was weird.

Aquamarine Federation? Why does that sound like a retail store?

However, no matter what the name of the Planet Aquamarine government was, it was still his logistics base.

The situation was basically finalized.

The takeover of the Six Nations brought a lot of follow-up problems, so Bennett and others were terribly busy. Han Xiao estimated that it would take a few years for things to be fully organized. Planet Aquamarine also needed some time to get through the painful period. The benefits of a unified civilization would gradually become apparent over time.

After the incident was resolved, Han Xiao did not stay any longer. He took Stephanie and returned to Base No.1 on Planet Golden Gate.

The battle with the Vanguard Officials a month ago had brought a lot of fame to Han Xiao-nearly everyone knew about it. This time, the news of Black Star killing several Calamity Grades one after another once again shocked the entire Star Field.

The Purple Crystal Civilization did not conceal this incident. They believed Han Xiao’s statement that Stephanie and the others were assassins sent by Klent. They vigorously promoted the fact that Klent’s assassination had failed, which boosted their people’s morale and weakened the negative impact of the losses in the secret war.

The Klent Civilization was utterly confused.

We do want to kill Black Star, but we haven’t done anything yet. When did we send assassins?

It must be another Star Cluster that sent people to kill Black Star, since they can blame it all on us!

Klent was furious.

Do these people think we are the scapegoat king?

Although the two sides were at war, Klent was not willing to take responsibility for a failure that they did not commit. They publicly announced that it was entirely fabricated.

Purple Crystal’s reply was very simple. I’m not listening! I’m not listening! I’m certain it’s you!

The partners of the two sides were at war, and their governments were accusing each other. The various organizations of the Shattered Star Ring were all watching the drama between Purple Crystal and Klent.

Han Xiao, who had caused this incident, also received a lot of attention.

The fact that Black Star had finally mastered psionic energy had made many organizations take him even more seriously. This meant that Black Star was much more threatening!

Killing many Calamity Grades matched up to his Beyond Grade A seed title, and this kind of lethality was more threatening than just being tanky. In a short period, Han Xiao’s reputation and position in the entire Star Field rocketed once again.

The other Star Cluster civilizations, while shocked, secretly lifted Han Xiao’s position on the Beyond Grade A seed list up a few places.

Han Xiao had already felt the influence of this incident on his way to Base No.1

-everyone recognized his face. When he returned to the base, he also noticed that many mercenaries looked at him with even more admiration.

This trip back to Planet Aquamarine had taken about twenty days, so he had ten more days of holiday.

After returning to the base, Han Xiao first inspected the operations of the Black Star Army during this period. Tens of thousands of trainees from various training camps had become official mercenaries, and about a hundred battleships had been added.

My mechanical army is quite damaged. I can use these ten days to replenish it.

He had to return to the battlefield after the holiday, so he decided to build his army with the remaining time he had. Before that, he wanted to first claim the reward for the third round of (Prey).

Feidin had not gone out recently. Han Xiao found him, chatted with him awhile, and touched him a few times before letting go of Feidin, who had a strange expression on his face.

Chen Xing, who happened to be out, was blushing a bit. She quickly returned control of the body to Feidin.

As Feidin became stronger, he was able to suppress Chen Xing alone. Plus, his relationship with Chen Xing was getting more affectionate, so he occasionally let her out for a break, which Han Xiao happened to bump into.

Although the soul was different, the body was the same.

As the luck on his hand was lingering, Han Xiao rushed to the side and opened the interface to claim the reward for the third round.

Round Three complete.

Please select the target to draw abilities from...

There were ten enemies, but Han Xiao was only interested in the abilities of two of them-Stephanie and that Mechanic.

If he selected that Mechanic, there was a very high chance of him getting a Mechanic talent, so that would be a safe choice.

If he selected Stephanie, unlike from Shana, her Esper ability was not compatible with him at all, so the effect of the abilities would definitely be weakened. The best result would be getting a Template Talent, but that depended purely on his luck.

After considering for a few seconds, Han Xiao’s eyes became firm; he had made his decision.

A Mechanic talent is great, but Molding Talents are hard to come by!

A man must dare to dream!

You have received the reward: Draw one ability/talent from Stephanie.

Alert: Stephanie is an Esper. Part of the possible abilities have been automatically adjusted to your class.

Randomizing... complete.

Please select one from the five options below as the reward:

(Cell Resonance) – Ability: You can condition your body state through the vibration of your cells, increasing the energy production efficiency of your cells. Recovers 11% energy, purges one debuff. Cost: 1,500 Stamina. Cooldown: 90 seconds.

(Electromagnetic Resonance) – Ability: By affecting the frequency of electromagnetic waves, you are able to obstruct certain communication methods and radar detection or the brainwaves of individuals. There is a chance that (Confused), (Hallucinating), and (Abnormally Excited) might be applied to the target. The closer the distance, the stronger the effects of the debuffs. Success rate is related to INT. Cost: 150 Energy. Cooldown: 6 seconds.

[Object Weakness Attack] – Ability: You can easily discover the weakness of objects. Your next attack will deal extra damage and three chain damages ranging from 5% to 15% damage of this attack. There is a chance to cause the [Heavily Injured) effect. Cost: 240 Energy. Cooldown: 28 seconds.

(Will to Battle] – Talent: +180 END, -75 INT, -25 LUK.

(Legendary Battle Technique] – Talent: Every third attack will deal 35% extra True Damage.

Han Xiao was stunned before becoming overjoyed.

I really got a Molding Talent!

Hail Feidin!