Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 693 Are You Eloping with Me!

As the hatch opened, a strong vacuum suction force immediately stirred up a storm, wanting to drag him out of the spaceship.

Han Xiao activated the compressed orbs. Nanoparticles flowed out and covered his body like black sand, quickly transforming into the enhanced Mountain Ape mechanical suit.

He stretched his arms and legs before jumping out of the spaceship. The thruster sprayed out a blue flame as he turned into a meteoroid heading right to the back.

The expedition team was facing enemies from both the front and the back, fighting the Bloodshed Land reinforcements and the enemy ambush at the same time.

The assistant took over the job of the commander and ordered the ships at the back to fight against the ambush team while the ships at the front continued to attack the stargate. Destroying the stargate was still the key point of winning this battle.

Han Xiao’s goal was to deal with the high-level combatants of the enemy ambush. Through the repeated failures of attempted assassinations, he had proved how difficult that would be. Without a reliable strategy, the enemy would not have come to assassinate him. He wanted to see what new assassination scheme the enemies had prepared for him this time. He was even looking forward to it a little.

The galactic battlefield was filled with intersecting cannon shots everywhere. Han Xiao moved swiftly and dodged the attacks, arriving at the edge of the enemy ambush not long after. A stream of light flew over from within the enemies-it was Hadavy.

Hadavy was an old opponent who did not like talking. Not wanting to give Han Xiao any time to release his mechanical army, without saying a word, he dashed right toward Han Xiao like a mini meteoroid as soon as he saw him.

Han Xiao was not afraid of close-range combat. His arms turned into barrels and launched blue psionic rounds directly at Hadavy.

Hadavy did not even dodge and let the psionic cannon shots explode on his body. He was completely unharmed.

After fighting many times, Han Xiao knew Hadavy’s strength very well. He was not intending to damage him, just slow down Hadavy’s charge. Using this short amount of time, he activated the Army Boxes remotely. The space around him started to ripple, and Army Boxes arrived through hyperdrive one after another. The cases of those Army Boxes opened, and countless compressed orbs rapidly expanded into a machinery tide, almost filling up this small area in an instant.

The tightly packed mechanical army’s size had now reached three million!

In the past three years, the Black Star Army made a lot of money. Han Xiao had plenty of assets. He had enhanced and expanded his mechanical army multiple times. Currently, even the lowest level mechanical soldiers were made with high-level alloys, with much higher armor value and defenses compared to three years prior. As their basic attributes increased, the effects of the bonuses became more apparent.

Through many war missions, Han Xiao had obtained a lot of Purple Crystal Contribution Points and had received more Cutting-Edge Knowledges, one of them being the [Controllable Annihilation Weapons].

Annihilation weapons were a higher grade of regular weapons compared to energy weapons. As they used different technology, their destructive power was much greater than normal energy weapons. Furthermore, building them required knowing the [Abnormal State Energy] Cutting-Edge Knowledge, as psionic and antimatter energy were basically the only ones that could be used to build annihilation weapons.

With those two Cutting-Edge Knowledges, Han Xiao had switched most of the mechanical soldiers’ weapons into annihilation weapons. Together with (Legendary Battle Technique), their damage was significantly increased.

Even after three years, Han Xiao had yet to complete the Class Advancement mission. If this had happened to any other classes, their strength would be stuck. However, one of the Mechanic class’ advantages was that as long as he had money, even if his own strength was stuck, he would still be able to steadily increase his combat capability!

Han Xiao had never stopped building his mechanical army over the past three years. He realized that other than being rich, he also had another huge advantage-he had a lot more time than the players.

And the Mechanic class happened to be a class that required time to build all kinds of equipment.

With enough money and effort, increasing strength was as easy as drinking water for him. Of the five Super classes, only the Mage class could match up to the Mechanic in this respect.

With Han Xiao’s current strength, it was basically suicide for any normal Calamity Grade to fight him. After numerous failed assassination attempts with heavy repercussions, the various organizations of the Shattered Star Ring had finally learned their lessons. Those organizations that were secretly planning to assassinate him also stopped easily sending their high-level combatants to their deaths.

Therefore, Han Xiao was facing just Hadavy. This guy was a Beyond Grade A seed, which was not in the ‘normal Calamity Grade’ range. Furthermore, his abilities were the kind that gave Han Xiao a headache.

Hadavy was an Esper, and his Esper ability was Body Hardening. This was an Esper ability that could not have been more common. Yet, he was extremely talented and was able to develop this Esper ability to an extraordinary level. His defense was astonishing, and he had many Molding Talents. He was a boss-level character.

First, Hadavy had the (Low Strength Attack Immunity] Molding Talent. As long as the damage of the attacks did not exceed a certain value, the damage dealt by those attacks would be considered null. This value depended on his defense, and his Esper ability was the ‘Hardening’ type that remarkably increased his defense. Therefore, the focus fire strategy was close to completely useless on him.

Another thing that gave Han Xiao a hard time was Hadavy’s ‘True Damage Immunity’-type Molding Talent. Beyond Grade A seeds were all exceptionally talented. For a tank like Hadavy, it was not weird for him to have such a talent. This meant that (Legendary Battle Technique] was useless against him.

Focus fire hardly had any effect, and True Damage was useless-Han Xiao’s two trump cards were no threat to Hadavy. The only method left was to slowly reduce his health.

Every time they fought, it was basically two tanks bashing each other.

Han Xiao had defeated Hadavy every time but never killed him. It was not that he did not want to, but he just could not kill Hadavy before he escaped. Meanwhile, Hadavy seemed like he was comfortable getting beaten, so he kept coming to challenge him.

One year earlier, Hadavy had suddenly gone to fight with him. Han Xiao had no history or beef with him, so he had thought that this was definitely a result of the enemy organizations’ solution to him. So, you’re very tanky? We will just find someone even more tanky to annoy

you!

How the tables had turned. In the past, the Bloodshed Land felt like vomiting every time they saw Han Xiao. Now, Han Xiao felt like vomiting every time he saw Hadavy.

With no other enemy Calamity Grades joining the battle, Han Xiao had only one target. A part of the mechanical army followed the specially designed combat mode to fight with Hadavy. Those cuties were more than enough to hold him back; Han Xiao was only in charge of providing the Mechanical Force bonus. He had no intention of fighting with Hadavy at close range at all. It would be an absolute waste of energy

At the same time, Han Xiao controlled the other parts of the mechanical army to attack the nearby enemy fleets. Concentrated dark blue annihilation beams penetrated the shields of spaceships, leaving strange colors of energy erosion at the edge of the hole created. Battleships lost their defenses one after another, and their exterior armor was quickly dismantled and torn to pieces.

A vigorous fire snake splashed out from the broken hole on the spaceship, turning into a fire dragon for an instant before extinguishing

With their energy furnaces losing balance, the battleships exploded from within, turning into fireworks in the universe, lasting for just an instant before disappearing, too.

With the current combat capability of the mechanical army, taking part in a galactic battle was not a problem. He gradually helped his fleet to stabilize the situation.

After quite a long time, the enemies’ troops started to show signs of defeat. It was just a matter of time till the stargate was destroyed.

Hadavy seemed to intend to retreat as well. He started to try to get rid of the Mechanical Army and attempted to back away. However, he did not escape toward where the ambush was but headed right into the formation of Han Xiao’s fleet, intending to pass through it and retreat through the stargate while Han Xiao’s fleet had yet to completely obliterate the Bloodshed Land’s line of defense.

“Running away so soon?” Under the mechanical suit helmet, Han Xiao raised his brows in surprise.

He had thought that the assassination attempt this time would have something new, but it seemed even worse than the previous assassination attempts.

“It’s definitely not simple.” Han Xiao narrowed his eyes, thought for a moment, and turned around to chase Hadavy.

His fleet was in Hadavy’s route; Han Xiao was not going to watch him rush into his fleet. If Hadavy wanted to do something, no one else would be able to stop him.

Han Xiao gradually closed the distance between him and Hadavy, and millions of mechanical soldiers followed behind him.

They went all the way to the frontline of the battle, the edge of the battlefield that his fleet and the Bloodshed Land reinforcements were fighting in. Han Xiao had only just caught up with Hadavy, but seeing that Hadavy had already passed through his fleet, he stopped and did not intend to continue chasing.

This time, Hadavy suddenly stopped running and turned around, rushing right toward Han Xiao, trying to get close to him under the violent rain of attacks.

That’s strange. Han Xiao was alarmed. He was just about to dodge when a warning suddenly came from his mechanical suit’s radar, showing thirty high energy reaction sources around!

Suddenly, in the Bloodshed Land reinforcement fleet around, thirty Grade As appeared and all rushed toward Han Xiao. Han Xiao even saw the eight Vanguard Officials including Fosters. They had followed the reinforcement fleet through the stargate but never engaged with the Black Star Army’s several Calamity Grade, all for this moment!

Attacks from thirty Calamity Grades came from all directions, applying immense pressure. Han Xiao hastily controlled the mechanical army to block them, but Hadavy found an opportunity and bolted right into Han Xiao, crushing the mechanical soldiers in his path.

Han Xiao realized that Hadavy was tightly wrapping his arms around his body, and he could not escape from him. Hadavy hugged him and dashed toward the stargate.

The thirty Calamity Grades ignored the attacks from the mechanical army and attacked Hadavy time after time, giving him more speed.

The Bloodshed Land fleet around gave up all attacks and defended the stargate with everything they had from the attacks of Han Xiao’s fleet. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Han Xiao’s brain quickly processed everything, and he immediately understood the opponents’ entire plan.

Make Hadavy act like he was ambushing me to force me to fight, then fake a retreat and lead me to near the stargate. The other Calamity Grades secretly returned to the Seoul Star Cluster and waited in the reinforcements. The Bloodshed Land knew that I’d attack the last logistics transit station. This is a trap they deliberately exposed, to allow these Calamity Grades to follow the reinforcements through the stargate to arrive at this battlefield. Their target isn’t to kill me but strike at this moment and help Hadavy restrain me, sending me into the stargate!

The other side of the stargate was the Seoul Star Cluster, the headquarters of the Klent Kingdom and the Bloodshed Land!

Ha, I get it. You want to drag me to your territory so that I have no back up. Then you guys can slowly exhaust me. Even if you can’t kill me, you guys will be able to capture me alive easily.

Han Xiao was speechless.

These little b*stards are quite imaginative. Are they trying to elope with me?

Hadavy’s body could easily withstand the attacks. Their flying speed rapidly increased. The Bloodshed Land battleships all opened up a path. The blue vortex at the center of the stargate enlarged in Han Xiao’s eyes very quickly as it got closer.

Seeing that the strategy was about to succeed, Hadavy could not help but send a voice message to Han Xiao.

“When we reach the Seoul Star Cluster, we will fight again. By the way, should I tell them to bring your mechanical army over? Then we will have a great fight.” Hadavy’s tone was sincere.

Han Xiao’s mouth twitched. “You’re quite f*cking honest. Since you love fighting with me so much, let me go if you have the guts. As long as you don’t run, I will fight with you all you like.”

“No, fighting is one thing, but I don’t want to die.”

Hadavy shook his head. He tightened his arms around Han Xiao’s waist and stubbornly flew toward the stargate.

“You think highly of me...”

Han Xiao was speechless.

Honestly, he had no hatred toward Hadavy. Hadavy had absolutely no interest in the secret war-he just wanted to fight with him. After fighting so many times, as fellow Beyond Grade A seeds, they even respected each other. Sometimes, they could even chat while fighting

However, that did not affect Han Xiao’s resolve to get rid of this sh*t stirrer.