Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1114: 1115 new journey

Translator: 5496903

Dragon Palace: Level

Dragon Lord: Wang Xian (extraordinary seventh level five elemental divine dragon)

Buildings:

Dragon King Palace: Level 3(raises the Dragon King’s cultivation speed and recovery speed by 2,400%)

Dragon transformation pool: Level 3(absorbing dragon blood can give birth to a dragon seed, Dragon Blood: 1,432)

Dragon Gate: Level 3(a fish can only become a dragon after leaping through the Dragon Gate, effective against creatures below the void interpretation level!)

Ocean-pacifying needle: Level 3(pillar of the Dragon Palace, set 500 kilometers of the Dragon Palace to be calm, increase the combat strength of the members of the Dragon Palace by 300% !)

Dragon Cave: Level 3(with 6,000 dragon caves, the cultivation speed of the creatures in the Dragon Cave will be increased by 1,600% !)

Dragon Field: Level 3(practice martial arts in the Dragon Field, increase comprehension by 800% !)

Dragon Array: Level 3(Dragon Palace array: concealment, defense, gathering of spiritual energy, teleportation, detection!)

Spiritual items:

Ancestral tree: ? ? ? Level (able to return souls to creatures below transcendent level!)(activate spiritual intelligence of Creatures!)(increases the speed of fire attribute cultivators by 200% !)

Attached: Dragon Transformation Pool to nurture dragon seeds.

Current Dragon Seeds: Golden Swordfish, thunder shrimp, demon monkey, strange demon, light spike, Hydra, dragon turtle, Yaksha, clam girl, golden lobster...

Boom! Boom! Boom

Waves of spiritual energy gathered toward the Dragon Palace. The Dragon Palace, which had only occupied a quarter of the sea mountain area, now completely covered the Sea Mountain area.

Even on the transcendent continent, which was rich in spiritual energy, the upgrading of the Dragon Palace and the upgrading of the powerful buildings caused a storm within a few hundred kilometers.

A large amount of spiritual energy gathered toward this direction.

At this moment, the Dragon Palace was comparable to the top-notch grotto-heaven paradise on the transcendent continent.

The Spiritual Qi in the Dragon King Palace was twenty-four times that of the outside world.

What kind of concept was this? One day of cultivation here was equivalent to twenty-four days in the outside world.

Even the Dragon Cave where the members of the Dragon Palace lived had sixteen times the spiritual Qi of the outside world.

This terrifying enhancement was definitely a top-notch cultivation place on the transcendent continent.

Furthermore, a dragon palace that had advanced to level three would have a formation that could withstand the attacks of creatures below the void interpretation level. Under such concealment, only experts at the void interpretation level would be able to discover the existence of the Dragon Palace.

Creatures at the transcendence level would not be able to discover the dragon palace at all.

Compared to a level two dragon palace, the effect of a level three dragon palace had doubled.

Wang Xian revealed an excited expression. Prime Minister Gui and the other members of the Dragon Palace were also filled with excitement.

With the improvement of the Dragon Palace, their cultivation speed would be doubled.

Even if they didn’t have any resources, all the members of the Dragon Palace would be able to advance to the insightful void tier after ten years of dedicated cultivation.

After all, they possessed the bloodline of the Divine Dragon. Ten years of cultivation here was equivalent to one hundred and sixty years of cultivation in the outside world!

“What dense spiritual energy! Oh My God!”

Feng Lingtian felt the spiritual energy here and his body trembled slightly. Damn it, he had a bright future following his brother-in-law.

Just by cultivating in the Dragon Palace, he was able to reach a realm that he could not imagine.

“This is our starting point and the beginning of a new journey for the Dragon Palace!”

Wang Xian floated in the sky above the Dragon Palace and looked at the Dragon Palace with a circumference of 80 kilometers. His gaze landed on the members of the Dragon Palace as he said in a deep voice.

“It won’t be long before our Dragon Palace will stand on this continent and become the master of this ocean!”

Prime Minister Gui said confidently.

“Prime Minister Gui, organize it. First, guarantee the safety of the area within a thousand kilometers. Then, we will formulate a development plan!”

Wang Xian ordered Prime Minister Gui.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Prime Minister Gui nodded his head heavily and immediately organized it.

They had just arrived at the extraordinary mainland, so they had to understand their surroundings and make plans for the future development of the Dragon Palace.

“The Dragon Palace has changed so much that it covers an area of 80 kilometers. Even little blue can enter the Dragon Palace!”

“And this ocean is so deep. It’s more than 20,000 meters deep. It’s so shocking!”

The six girls looked around in shock, their eyes full of joy. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The Dragon Palace, which had been upgraded to level three, was even more magnificent. However, with such a large area, it seemed that there were fewer members in the Dragon Palace.

“The area of 80 kilometers is already bigger than Dragon Phoenix city. Moreover, Dragon Phoenix City can’t be compared to my dragon palace at all. If Feng Luan were to see this place, I wonder if she would be extremely envious!”

As Wang Xian thought of this, a smile appeared on his face as he brought a few girls around.

The Dragon Palace enveloped over a thousand mountain peaks. Under the modification of the system, these mountain peaks turned into dragon caves directly.

The Dragon Field was divided into two regions, which could accommodate more than 100,000 people cultivating at the same time.

The entire Dragon Palace was like a miracle.

Wang Xian could guarantee that even the imperial capitals of the empires were not as magnificent as the Dragon Palace.

They were also not as powerful as the Dragon Palace.

Buzz

“HMM?”

Suddenly, the sky above the Dragon Palace shook and an image came from afar.

It was a creature that was emitting a green glow. He looked very similar to a human, but the difference was that he had two green horns on his head.

He had a pair of mystical green eyes. There were three red dots connected to each other in his eyes. He looked extremely mystical.

His body size was similar to that of a human. His arms were much longer than a human’s. They were extremely slender and were covered in green scales.

“This is the effect of the detection formation after the upgrade of the Dragon Palace. It can detect any threatening creatures within a 50-kilometer radius of the Dragon Palace. This creature that is similar to a human should be a type of demonic beast. Furthermore, it should be an existence at the insightful void tier!”

Wang Xian had a solemn expression on his face.

This green humanoid creature had a bow on its back and was extremely agile.

His eyes were looking in the direction of the Dragon Palace in disbelief.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, more than 300 similar creatures appeared in the scouting of the Dragon Palace. One could clearly see the difference between men and women.

If not for the color of their bodies, the horns on their heads, and their slender arms, they were almost the same as humans.

“This is a group of demonic beasts. Their strength is not weak and they have an existence at the void interpretation level!”

“They have discovered the Dragon Palace. They might not be friendly!”

Wang Xian’s eyes flickered.

“Dragon King, there’s an invasion. All the members of the Dragon Palace are ready to fight. The enemy might have an expert at the void interpretation level. However, we have Xiao Lan and Ao Yao. With the enhancement of the Dragon Palace, we can deal with the enemy!”

At this moment, Prime Minister Gui flew over and reported to Wang Xian hurriedly.

“Let’s go out. Let’s see what the enemy wants to do first. Once they show any hostility, leave no one alive!”

Wang Xian nodded and flew toward the west gate.

At this moment, under the detection of the array formation of the Dragon Palace, the first demonic beast that arrived was standing on the ground. He crouched on the ground carefully and looked at the majestic underwater city in shock.

Behind him, the clansmen carefully laid on the ground and moved forward without making a sound!