Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 120: Flower Sac and Heart-Shaped Blood Corals

Translator: Larbrestudio Editor: Larbrestudio

The more beautiful a thing was, the more likely it became that it would be dangerous.

Similarly, the more beautiful a place was, the greater the chances of dangers lurking in the dark.

Wang Xian didn’t pay attention to the beautiful flowers below him, as his attention was on the blood corals.

However, just when he noticed it, it was already too late.

10 bright and gigantic flowers were like beasts on a hunt. In an instant, they launched a lethal attack.

Within each flower were densely packed sharp needles.

Their roots extended and their petals wrapped around Wang Xian’s body directly.

Although Wang Xian’s body was over five meters long, the 10 large flowers were still able to cover his entire body.

When he noticed he was attacked by these flowers, Wang Xian was greatly shocked. He could feel the sharp needles of these flowers piercing through his flesh.

Although this didn’t cause huge damages to him, he noticed that the sharp needles were injecting a poisonous substance into his body.

These flowers are poisonous!

Wang Xian immediately tried to wiggle his huge body to break free from the flowers.

Swish swish swish!

Suddenly, tentacle after tentacle extended from the ground and wrapped around Wang Xian.

They came one after another at a frantic pace towards Wang Xian.

These flowers are trying to absorb me as nutrients!

Wang Xian was flabbergasted as he felt his body weakening. He immediately tried to change his elemental attributes.

Wood Element Azure Dragon!

Switching between the Five elements, Wang Xian turned into an Azure Dragon of the Wood Element.

This won’t do!

After turning into an Azure Dragon, he was shocked that he couldn’t break free from the hold of these flowers. On the contrary, he could sense that these flowers were feasting on his Wood attributes energy.

Wang Xian’s eyes flickered and attempted an attribute change once again.

Metal counters Wood! A metal attribute golden-colored divine dragon appeared.

“How dare you attack the Dragon King. You must be courting death!”

At this moment, Prime Minister Turtle, Roving Heavens and the group immediately attacked the flowers after seeing Wang Xian being attacked by them.

Roving Heavens swung his huge rod towards these flowers.

Roving Lobster used his razor-sharp claws to attack furiously.

Metal Edge Cosmos!

Wang Xian turned into a divine dragon with metal attribute. He immediately noticed that the damages these terrifying flowers were dealing to him were reduced substantially.

Wiggling his body, Wang Xian shot sharp metal needles at the petals of these colorful flowers.

Swish swish swish!

The flowers were pierced and Wang Xian immediately shredded the roots off him with his metal claws.

Devil Flowers: Level 9

Extractable Dragon Energy from the flower sac: 45,334

Devil Flowers! What kind of organism is this? It’s so scary and it has reached Level 9.

Wang Xian looked at it in horror. A flower reaching Level Nine and even disguising itself as ordinary plants! Just the thought of it made him shudder.

The 10 Devil Flowers had actually trapped him for almost an hour.

“Dragon King! Sorry that we are late!”

Prime Minister Turtle swam over and spoke with concern.

“It’s alright!”

Wang Xian shook his head and looked to the Devil Flowers he had killed. He extended his dragon claws over and grabbed onto the roots before pulling them out forcefully.

A blood-red flower sac appeared in his sight.

Flower Sac of the Devil Flowers: Level 9

Extractable Dragon Energy: 45,334.

Can be used to restore and strengthen one’s heart.

Wang Xian looked at the information on the Flower Sacs of the Devil Flowers and was shocked. This could be considered a spiritual medicine!

Restoring and strengthening one’s heart was a powerful ability.

Cultivation of Ancient Martial Arts had a lot to do with one’s heart. One could strengthen his internal energy by consuming this flower sac. At the same time, his cultivation speed would also increase.

“This is useless to me.”

Without a moment of hesitation, he devoured it.

The 10 Devil Flowers provided him with over 40,000 points of dragon energy. These were also pleasant surprises for Wang Xian.

“This... Blood coral!”

Wang Xian turned his attention to the blood corals. Blood corals weren’t big but looked extremely grandeur in the waters.

Blood corals were regarded as auspicious objects and represented the noble as well as authority. They were also referred to as “precious treasures” and symbolized happiness and eternity.

Just a single blood coral was worth over $10 million.

Wang Xian kept it and looked across this dream-like underwater region.

I was a little careless previously. Although this place is beautiful, there are barely any fish around. Most of the fish were likely eaten by the Devil Flowers. These Devil Flowers emit a very unique scent, which makes one feel comfortable, to attract other marine animals.

Wang Xian looked further ahead. He hesitated for a moment before embarking on his search of this region once again.

Although the Devil Flowers were terrifying, he wasn’t too wary after turning into the golden-colored divine dragon of the metal attribute. Considering that he was better prepared currently, Level 9 Devil Flowers wouldn’t pose much of a threat to him.

Moreover, there was a large amount of dragon energy within the flower sacs of the Devil Flowers. This could provide him with the dragon energy required for levelling up.

Lastly, there were also precious blood corals around. Therefore, he wasn’t willing to leave this region.

Wang Xian continued his search in this region for signs of Devil Flowers.

Devil Flowers: Level 8

Extractable Dragon Energy from the flower sac: 19,654

There are over 10 of them here but they are all Level 8 Devil Flowers.

Wang Xian looked ahead and the information about these Devil Flowers popped up in his mind.

He gave a faint smile, swam over and swung his sharp dragon claws through them before extracting the flower sacs.

These added up to an additional 100,000 points of Dragon Energy and Wang Xian was feeling great about it.

Continue the search!

This dream-like region wasn’t very big but still covered seven to eight kilometers.

Wang Xian found a total of over 30 Devil Flowers in the vicinity.

However, when he reached the central area, he was shocked by a giant Devil Flower.

This particular Devil Flower had humongous petals that spread over seven to eight meters. Each petal was a different color, which included yellow, red, white, green, blue and others.

Looking at the flowers, Wang Xian felt an urge to charge forward!

Zi zi!

Suddenly, the devil monkeys around him seemed a little flustered. Their blood-red eyes turned blurry and they started walking towards the humongous Devil Flower.

Growl!

Wang Xian let out a dragon roar which jerked the devil monkeys awake. When the devil monkeys regained their consciousness, they couldn’t help but look in horror at the Devil Flower.

Devil Flower: Level 12

Extractable Dragon Energy from the flower sac: 1,112,343

Level 12!

Wang Xian gasped. Considering what the Devil Flower could do, he had no way to deal with a Level 12 Devil Flower. In fact, this Devil Flower could very well devour him.

Forget it!

Wang Xian looked at this Devil Flower with fearful eyes. Although devouring this Devil Flower could allow him to increase his level quickly, it was too dangerous.

“The seas are indeed mysterious. My current strength still isn’t enough to rule the seas!”

Wang Xian sighed. When his attention landed on the area behind the Devil Flower, he stopped and had a joyous look.

Surprise! A total surprise!

It was a patch of coral reefs. The reason why he was so excited was because these blood corals were in a natural heart shape!

This is what is really meant by precious. If I put this on auction, it would fetch at least $100 million!RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com