Chapter 13: King of Ribbonfish

Translator: Larbrestudio Editor: Larbrestudio

Little Yellow Croaker: Level 0

Extractable Dragon Energy: 0.08

The golden body of the Divine Dragon was giving off an imposing and majestic demeanor despite it being only the size of a palm.

After diving into the ocean, Wang Xian saw a little Yellow Croaker with his sharp eyes.

With excitement on his face, he swam swiftly and opened his mouth to swallow the fish.

“The fish are too small over here. Given my strength, I can swallow fish that are of a few kilograms at once.”

Wang Xian was dissatisfied as he looked at the increment of 0.08 in his Dragon Energy. Currently, he could easily swallow up fish that weighed more than dozens of kilograms.

As a Divine Dragon of Level One, his level of strength was equivalent to a human form of Wang Xian.

Even though he was only as big as a palm, Wang Xian was fearless even if he came across fish that weighed more than dozens of kilograms.

With a jerk, Wang Xian swam towards the bed of the sea.

The Bohai Sea was not as deep at all, as the sun could shine directly on the seabed.

Wang Xian could see small fish and prawns swimming freely over there.

On the floor of the ocean, there were rocks with aquatic plants growing on them and various odd-looking moving marine life.

“The lake in the school was nothing compared to the marine animals in the sea.”

Wang Xian’s eyes brightened up. He swam over swiftly while fixing his eyes on the rather massive mackerel in front of him.

The mackerel was approximately four kilograms and half a meter long.

Mackerel: Level 0

Extractable Dragon Energy: 0.8

“0.8 Dragon Energy.”

Radiance flashed in Wang Xian’s eyes as he dashed towards the mackerel.

When he was about five meters away, the half-meter mackerel spotted Wang Xian who was charging towards it.

The mackerel was slightly stunned as it sensed the oppression of Wang Xian. Hurriedly, it tried to flee.

“Can you escape?”

The mackerel shuddered and did not dare to swim away when Wang Xian emanated slight Dragon Power.

He darted out and gulped the half-meter mackerel.

“That’s too cool. Given my current Dragon Power, I can dominate the marine animals within five meters. It will cause great oppression for those who are beyond five meters too.”

Wang Xian rocked the body of the Divine Dragon and headed somewhere far again.

“Dominate!”

“Dominate!’

Along the way, when he saw the various marine animals, he would swim over and dominate them.

Pacific mackerel, Spanish mackerel, yellow drum fish, slender shad fish, herring and pomfret... The smaller ones were palm-sized, whereas the bigger fish were over a few kilograms. All of them were dominated by him. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

At the bottom, he also spotted pairs of prawns.

After swimming for a thousand meters, thousands of fish types gathered within five meters around Wang Xian.

“If I can sell these as seafood, I’m sure they could fetch a few hundred thousand dollars.”

Wang Xian observed the various marine animals around him. Among those, there were tiger prawns, which were larger than a palm. If such prawns were to be sold, each one of them could sell for over a hundred dollars.

“This is simply too wasteful.”

Wang Xian laughed out. To increase his strength, he could only gobble them up.

Gulp!

A golden Divine Dragon was gobbling up every single marine animal in the ocean frantically.

Even a fish that was around a meter long was swallowed up by him.

“Haha, I added over 80 points of Dragon Energy. Indeed, gobbling up the marine animals is much faster for increasing energy!”

Wang Xian swished his dragon tail excitingly and realized his body was growing to about twenty centimeters longer now.

The dragon scales turned exquisite, and the dragon claws were full of mightiness even though they were small. The two dragon beards looked dominating too.

Wang Xian overturned his body and was satisfied with his boosted-up power.

He moved and swam out far again.

At this point, he was 4,000 to 5,000 meters away from the shore.

“The nearby marine animals are still too little. I have to head farther out.”

With a jolt, Wang Xian swam out to a farther place.

On the way, he dominated various types of marine animals and gobbled them up crazily. His Dragon Energy was also leveling up at an extremely fast speed.

“The water is much deeper ahead.”

Wang Xian realized the ocean ahead was about 13 to 14 meters deep after swimming for approximately eight kilometers. The region was much deeper as compared to before.

He noticed the entire region ahead was covered with greenish seaweed and multi-colors reefs.

“Eh, there’s a school of ribbonfish ahead?”

Just then, Wang Xian spotted a school of ribbonfish swimming ahead with approximately over thousands of ribbonfish closely packed together.

Each of them was long in size, and among them, a few were one meter long.

The ribbonfish are at Level Zero. I have nothing to fear.

Wang Xian thought to himself. Ribbonfish was a type of ferocious fish. However, they did not dare to resist when confronted by the Divine Dragon.

Wang Xian stared at the school of ribbonfish while swimming at high speed.

Boom!

He acted like an ancient divine dragon which had just descended into the ocean. When Wang Xian charged over, some of the ribbonfish was shuddering their long bodies in fear.

Some of them rattled and tried to flee.

“Where are you going?!”

Wang Xian was much faster than the ribbonfish in the water. He dashed into the school of ribbonfish like a golden flash of lightning.

“Dominate!”

As he emanated his Dragon Power, the ribbonfish within five meters looked at Wang Xian as though they were worshipping him. None of them dared to move a single inch.

Wang Lian smiled and opened his mouth at one of the ribbonfish.

Swoosh!

After he swallowed the third ribbonfish, Wang Xian suddenly noticed a commotion in the ribbonfish around him as the ribbonfish on the left gradually gave way to form a path.

“Eh? What’s this?” Wang Xian’s body shook as his eyes were full of solemnness.

Wang Xian saw a huge ribbonfish swimming towards him, and he was somehow a little nervous about it.

The ribbonfish had a long body of at least two and a half meters long with approximately thirty centimeters at the broadest part of its body. The fins on its back looked sharp.

King of Ribbonfish: Level 1

Extractable Dragon Energy: 88

“Level One. It’s a level-one King of Ribbonfish.”

Wang Xian was looking wary all over his face.

Ribbonfish are massive fish in the ocean. An average ribbonfish was less than a meter, but there were many large ribbonfish.

A fishmonger was reported on the internet for catching a two-meter ribbonfish, and the fish was known as the King of Ribbonfish.

Apart from the King of Ribbonfish, there was another type of colossal ribbonfish known as the Giant Oarfish.

The size of Giant Oarfish could hit more than a dozen meters.

“Luckily, this is not the ten-meters Giant Oarfish. It’s just a King of Ribbonfish, but I shall not underestimate it since it is a level one fish.”

Wang Xian looked at the sharp teeth of the King of Ribbonfish. Given its size, he guessed he could swallow it too.

The King of Ribbonfish fixed its eyes on Wang Xian as if it was observing some delicious food.

Though it sensed the immense threat from the strange-looking being in front of it, it could evolve itself if it gobbled up the unknown creature. This was the instinct of a living being.

I must gobble it up.

Wang Xian moved his body cautiously as he looked at the King of Ribbonfish that was swimming towards him.

Get ready to fight!