Chapter 1349: 1349

“If a level-four dragon palace is so terrifying, how terrifying is a level-five Dragon Palace?”

The gathering of the spiritual energy of a level-four dragon palace and its various powerful abilities were all doubled.

The spiritual energy in the Dragon King Palace had increased from 24 times to 48 times.

The entire Dragon King Palace felt large mouthfuls of spiritual energy enter their bodies after just one breath.

The spiritual energy was almost as dense as liquid.

The spiritual energy in the Dragon Cave had also reached 32 times.

One day of cultivation for the members of the Dragon Palace was equivalent to 32 days of cultivation in the outside world. With such a terrifying increase, it wouldn’t take long for each member to break through.

Not to mention the dragon field, which had increased their comprehension by 16 times.

It was easy for the members of the Dragon Palace to comprehend all kinds of supernatural powers.

“A level five dragon palace will turn into the country of dragons. The country of dragons will be able to float in the sky and move at will. It has many incredible abilities!”

Wang Xian thought of the higher level of the Dragon Palace and the higher level of cultivation.

Above the void interpretation realm was the realm of longevity.

The realm of longevity represented that a person had a lifespan of over 10,000 years. Longevity was also known as a demigod.

At this level, a demigod needed to elevate his dharma idol to the Dharma Idol world, which was also known as the domain.

For a demigod to break through to the true God level, he needed to establish the Kingdom of God.

When Wang Xian’s strength reached the realm of longevity and the demigod level, there would be a huge transformation.

That was because at that time, he would be able to use the power of the Dragon Palace to unleash the Dragon Palace’s domain.

When he reached a higher realm, Wang Xian would bring the country of dragon with him. Once he fought, the country of dragon would crush him directly.

The confrontation between gods was the confrontation between the country of dragon.

That was the true destruction of an entire world with a single strike.

Splash

The Dragon Pool that occupied an area of 50 kilometers was about 500 meters deep.

There were divine dragons coiled on the nine gigantic dragon pillars.

The dragon head spat out Rich Dragon Blood.

Wang Xian had killed over a thousand people from the Frost sect. There were more than 30 insightful emptiness realm experts. Among them, the sect master of the Frost sect was at level four of the insightful emptiness realm, and Bing Hanzi was at level five of the insightful emptiness realm.

Along with Long Xiaoyun and some other experts at level three of the insightful emptiness realm, their corpses could be converted into huge amounts of dragon blood.

In the Sky Island Empire, more than 70 insightful emptiness realm experts had been killed.

These 70 experts included the corpses of the water electric eel clan and the Harpoon clan.

There were over 100 corpses of insightful emptiness realm experts, as well as those above the Type 7 realm.

A large amount of dragon blood flowed into the dragon pool.

There were over 3,000 members in the Dragon Palace, and it was a small number.

However, they could obtain more resources.

The evolution of the Dragon Pool allowed over 3,000 members of the Dragon Palace to enter the Dragon Pool.

“Dragon King, apart from these corpses, we have also obtained a large number of spiritual herbs and medicinal pills. All the herb gardens of the Heaven Island dynasty have been moved here!”

“I have decided to open up a herb garden in the Dragon Palace. With the spiritual energy in the Dragon Palace, the growth rate of the spiritual herbs is dozens of times faster than the outside world. There are also some other treasures that need to be disposed of and exchanged for practical resources!”

Prime Minister Gui brought two civil officials over. He held a book in his hand and introduced it to Wang Xian.

“Sure. You can carry out some of the plans in the Dragon Palace. It will be tough on you for the next period of time!”

“You should also go down and raise your cultivation level. After all the members of the Dragon Palace have raised their strength, attack the one leaf mainland dynasty!”

Wang Xian nodded and gestured at him.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

Prime Minister Gui nodded and jumped into the dragon pool.

There were now 1,200 soldiers in the Demon War Department!

There were now 400 soldiers in the Thunder Department!

There were now 400 soldiers in the Dragon Defense Department!

There were now 250 soldiers in the Dragon Spur department!

There were now 400 soldiers in the Heavenly Eye Arrow Department!

There were now 100 soldiers in the Dolphin clan!

There were 300 soldiers in the Golden Swordfish of the Dragon Guards!

Nine Flood Dragons!

About 100 members of the eight-headed poison-making department!

The special ao crab had tens of thousands of little ao crabs in its body!

And the rest of the civil officials and members of the Dragon Palace!

This was the strength of all the members of the Dragon Palace.

The warriors of the Dragon Palace immersed themselves in the Dragon Pond and quickly absorbed the energy in the Dragon Pond.

The leaders had reached the first rank of the insightful emptiness realm, and Mou Zesen had reached the second rank of the insightful emptiness realm.

Due to their bloodline, each of them could fight against opponents of a higher level.

As long as all of them reached the first level, the Dragon Palace would have 17 experts at the second level of the Seethrough. They could fight against 17 experts at the third level of the Seethrough!

Mu Zesen could fight against those at the fourth level of the Seethrough.

In addition, there would be some who were at the half-step to the Seethrough realm who would advance to the Seethrough realm. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

“The energy from the dragon blood alone is not enough!”

Wang Xian looked at the Majestic Dragon Blood in the dragon pool below and took out one interspatial ring after another.

These interspatial rings were filled with elixirs.

The elixirs obtained from robbing the entire dynasty were extremely huge.

Wang Xian swallowed all the elixirs into his stomach and turned them into dragon crystals.

In just half an hour, he had gained an additional 500 million dragon crystals.

This was also the reason why he did not consume some spiritual herbs.

500 million dragon crystals was still a long way from the 10 billion dragon crystals that he needed to level up.

However, to the members of the Dragon Palace, it was definitely a huge amount of energy.

“Let’s raise ao Yao’s strength a little more!”

Wang Xian waved his arm and a majestic wave of dragon crystals poured directly into Ao Yao.

Out of 500 million Dragon Crystals, Ao Yao had used up 300 million.

However, his level was on par with Mou Zesen. After coming out of the Dragon Pool, he was at level three of the Seethrough realm.

As a thorny dragon, he could definitely assassinate a level five Seethrough realm expert.

Wang Xian shared the remaining 200 million dragon crystals with all the members of the Dragon Palace.

Boom! Boom! Boom

In the Dragon Pool, powerful energies erupted from time to time.

The group of girls also entered the Dragon Pool to increase their strength.

A Day had passed. When the dragon blood in the Dragon Pool was depleted, the members of the Dragon Palace who had undergone a complete transformation stood at the edge of the Dragon Pool.

“Greetings, Dragon King!”

All the members of the Dragon Palace knelt down in unison and shouted loudly.

Wang Xian swept his gaze across and revealed a satisfied expression on his face.

Other than the group of leaders, there were a total of ten newly added insightful emptiness realm experts. Among them, three were from the strange demon clan.

One was from the Dolphin clan and two were from the Golden Swordfish clan!

Currently, the weakest one was at level eight extraordinary.

“Very good. Next, you will demonstrate your strength by destroying the one leaf mainland dynasty. All members of the Dragon Palace, follow me on the Expedition!”

Wang Xian raised his head slightly and looked at all his subordinates as he shouted loudly.

“Understood!”

All the warriors of the Dragon Palace knelt on one knee and shouted loudly. They stood up immediately and stood up straight, exuding a powerful and imposing aura.

“Dragon Guard, stay here and patrol the surroundings of the Dragon Palace. The rest of the Warriors, follow the Dragon King!”

Prime Minister Gui Roared.

“Roar!”

“Roar!”

With nine roars, the nine flood dragons flew into the Dragon King’s palace and pulled up the huge dragon throne!

A Personal Expedition!

This was the First Battle of the Dragon Palace!