Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1465: 1465 could not be kept

“Clan leader Wu, we are so sorry that we are late!”

On the north flow sea, in front of the towering sky sword sect, a ship approached the ship of the Wu clan. Dozens of middle-aged elders and young men walked out from the ship.

The one who spoke was an old man. Beside the old man was a woman.

The woman had delicate features and looked graceful and beautiful.

“Haha, it’s not too late, it’s not too late. Congratulations to clan leader song, Congratulations to Little Wan. She was directly taken in as a disciple by the elders of the towering sky sword sect. She didn’t even need to take the test!”

On the ship of the Wu clan, an old man laughed out loud. His gaze swept over the woman beside the clan leader, and his face was full of smiles.

“Haha, with Wu Jiangming’s young master Wu Jiangchuan’s strength, passing the towering Sky Sword Sect’s test would be a piece of cake. In the future, we’ll be a family. Clan leader Wu, you don’t have to be so polite!”

Clan leader Song said happily.

However, after he finished speaking, clan leader Wu’s face darkened. The expressions of the people of the Wu clan on the ship also didn’t look good.

Clan leader song and the others were slightly stunned. They looked at the people of the Wu clan on the ship.

“What’s wrong, clan leader Wu? Did I say something wrong? Oh right, where is young master Wu Jiangchuan?”

Clan leader song saw the unsightly expressions of clan leader Wu and the others and asked cautiously.

“There was an accident. Ever since Jiang Chuan left the city, he hasn’t returned. In addition, dozens of our Wu clan’s disciples haven’t returned!”

The Wu clan’s elder said with a gloomy face.

“What? Young Master Jiang Chuan actually... in ancient law city, who dares to be your Wu clan’s enemy? This is simply...”

Clan head song’s face revealed an astonished expression as he exclaimed in shock.

“Peng Peng Peng!”

However, just as he finished speaking, one thing after another smashed onto the ship, producing a Peng Peng Sound.

“This is?”

“Young Master Wu Jiang Chuan’s Head!”

“Heavens, this is? Who Is It?”

When everyone on the ship heard the sound and looked over, their eyes widened and their faces revealed furious expressions.

There were more than thirty heads in total, and all of them were disciples of the Wu clan.

“Thirty-three heads of the Wu clan, I, Ren Xingchen, AM BACK!”

A voice came from the side!

“Ren Xingchen!”

Everyone turned to look, their expressions extremely cold.

“Ren Xingchen? Ren Xingchen of the Ren Clan?”

Everyone from the song clan hurriedly turned their heads, and when they saw Ren Xingchen floating in front of the ship, holding a long sword in his hand, their expressions changed slightly.

“Ren Xingchen, you... You’re actually still alive. Aren’t you...”

The woman beside Clan Leader song widened her eyes and opened her mouth slightly as she stared at him in shock.

“Did you think that I would die in the north flowing sea, Song Wan?”

Ren Xingchen stared at the woman as he mocked her with an ice-cold expression.

“You... I thought that you were already dead. I...”

Song Wan was clearly panicking. She stared at him with sparkling eyes.

“Hehe, Your Song clan is really interesting. You, Song Wan, are also very interesting. Our two clans have made an engagement. You are my fiancée. I didn’t expect that when I set foot on this land again, I would find out that you had become the daughter-in-law of the Wu clan and married the clan that destroyed our Ren clan!”

“Right now, I really want to know if the destruction of our Ren clan has anything to do with Your Song clan!”

Ren Xingchen asked Song Wan and the song clan with a cold expression. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Bastard, you actually dared to kill our Wu clan’s disciple. You Little Bastard, I didn’t expect you to Still Be Alive!”

At this moment, a terrifying killing intent charged towards Ren Xingchen.

Several hundred people from the Wu clan stared at Ren Xingchen with faces full of killing intent. The killing intent from the Wu clan’s clan leader, who was standing in the middle, seemed to be corporeal.

When Ren Xingchen heard the Wu clan’s clan leader’s shout and felt the terrifying killing intent, his expression also turned grim.

He stared at everyone from the song clan and said, “Speak, did you participate in the matter of exterminating my Ren clan? !”

“Xingchen, I didn’t expect you to not die. The past is already in the past. It’s not good for you to live in seclusion quietly. Why did you come back?”

“Why did you kill the disciples of the Wu Clan? You shouldn’t have!”

A middle-aged man beside the song clan leader shook his head slowly and said to him.

“Haha, I finally know the Answer!”

Ren Xingchen laughed, his smile was filled with coldness, “I see, I see!”

“Ren Xingchen, you should have found a remote place, you should never have come back!”

“Do you really think that you are still that young master of the Ren Clan? !”

Song Wan said to Ren Xingchen with an embarrassed expression.

“Yes, I am no longer that young master of the Ren Clan!”

Ren Xingchen stood there expressionlessly and stared at Song Wan coldly.

“HMPH, did you see that? This is the Sky High Sword Sect’s admission certificate. This is what you wanted the most in the past. Now, I’ve done it!”

Song Wan took out a token with a cold expression and snorted coldly.

“What’s the point of talking too much with this bastard? He actually dared to kill our Wu clan’s disciple. I’ll kill him!”

An elder said with a body full of killing intent.

Before he finished speaking, he stretched out his palm and directly attacked Ren Xingchen.

“Today, I’ll tear you, this little bastard, into ten thousand pieces!”

“Boom!”

A terrifying aura at the first level of the profound void tier was directly emitted. At a distance of 100 meters, a flash appeared in front of Ren Xingchen.

“Go to hell!”

He growled in a low voice and wanted to grab Ren Xingchen’s neck with his palm.

“I am no longer the young man that you can chase and kill as you wish!”

Wang Xian stared at the old man expressionlessly. A terrifying sharpness shot out from his eyes.

Whoosh

The sound of a sharp sword rang out. The old man’s body that was charging forward instantly stiffened.

Following that, a head soared into the sky and flew towards the ship of the Wu clan.

“What!”

“This... this beast actually killed Seventh Master!”

“How is this possible!”

When everyone from the Wu clan and Song clan saw Ren Xingchen instantly kill a level 1 profound void martial artist, everyone’s eyes widened and their faces were filled with shock.

The Wu clan’s seventh master was an expert at the profound void martial stage.

How Old was Ren Xingchen?

He was not even forty years old this year, yet he was able to kill a level 1 profound void martial artist.

This... Even in a first-rate force, or even in a super force, he was considered a top-notch heaven’s favored son!

He had only disappeared for more than two years, how could he be so strong.

“What, he, he... he was actually able to kill a rank one profound void martial artist!”

On the ship, Song Wan saw Ren Xingchen kill a rank one profound void martial artist with a single sword strike, and her face turned slightly pale.

This was a void interpretation expert, and her current strength was only at half-step void interpretation.

Even so, she thought that she was already a rare genius that was hard to come by in ten years.

However, compared to Ren Xingchen, her previous fiancé, there was actually such a huge gap.

When she thought of how she had said that she had obtained the towering Sky Sword Sect’s admission certificate, her face was filled with shame and anger!