Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1469: The destruction of 1469 second-rate force 3

“Kid, our towering sky sword sect doesn’t like threats from others!”

A voice came from elder Qi’s mouth.

When the voice sounded, Ren Xingchen’s body stiffened, and his lowered head had a ferocious expression on his face.

“Eh?”

The surrounding people were also slightly shocked, and their eyes flickered as they looked at the three elders of the towering sky sword sect.

A trace of excitement flashed across Song Wan’s and the Song Clan’s eyes.

Elder qi and the other two glanced at each other. It was obvious that they had already made a decision.

They saw Ren Xingchen’s attitude. This made them very unhappy, and killing intent grew in their hearts.

They saw Ren Xingchen’s strength and monstrous talent. Originally, they wanted to invite him to join the towering sky sword sect.

If he agreed to join, they wouldn’t say anything even if he destroyed the song clan.

But since he was unwilling to join the Atlas Sword sect and left with such an attitude, they definitely wouldn’t let him go.

This monstrous genius was able to endure for two years, and after his strength greatly increased, he came to destroy the Wu clan and Song clan that had killed their clan.

Then, if one day, his strength increased, would he take revenge on the Atlas Sword sect.

This was not impossible.

In order to prevent such a thing from happening, they were prepared to destroy him.

Whether he was a monster or a heaven’s favorite, so what?

Before he grew up, he was just an ant in their eyes.

Moreover, this heaven’s favorite did not have a powerful backer.

If he had a powerful sect, they might be a little afraid.

But Now?

A Heaven’s favorite from the flowing sea region had joined the flowing sea region. To be arrogant, they could not only destroy Ren Xingchen.

Even destroying the sect behind him would be a piece of cake.

This was the confidence of their towering sky sword sect.

Ren Xingchen turned around stiffly and looked at the three elders of the towering sky sword sect with an embarrassed expression. He took a deep breath.

“Elders, are you trying to get rid of me?”

He asked with an embarrassed expression. His eyes flickered as he scanned his surroundings.

“Our towering sky sword sect doesn’t like trouble, and we don’t want to cause trouble in the future!”

Elder Qi stared at Ren Xingchen indifferently and said.

“You guys are really overbearing. I want revenge, and it involves your sect’s disciples. You guys don’t agree!”

“Now, I want to leave, but in the end, you still want to keep me here. How overbearing!”

Ren Xingchen gritted his teeth and said with an embarrassed expression.

“You’re the one who’s arrogant. You’re the one who’s courting death. You actually dared to stir up trouble when the towering Sky Sword sect opened its sect to recruit disciples!”

Song Wan looked at Ren Xingchen and said with a gloating expression, her eyes filled with pride.

“Elders, you don’t have to do anything about this. Leave it to the Li Family!”

“A third-level profound void martial stage kid. Although his talent isn’t bad, the Atlas Sword sect doesn’t need to mobilize so many people. He doesn’t have the qualifications!”

At this moment, a Li family patriarch walked out with a smile on his face.

He looked at Ren Xingchen, his eyes filled with shock, sympathy, and coldness.

If he could kill a kid and make the towering sky sword sect owe them a favor, it would be totally worth it.

Moreover, from their conversation just now, they had completely understood that although Ren Xingchen’s strength was monstrous, he had no backer behind him.

If he killed him, so be it!

“Elder Qi, our Ming family is also willing to do it for you!”

“Three elders, call our Zhao family for this matter. Don’t let others say that the towering sky sword sect is bullying a kid!”

Just as the Li clan’s patriarch finished speaking, a few experts from the aristocratic families immediately came out.

Obviously, they were all trying to curry favor with the towering sky sword sect.

“Hehe, you can do whatever you want. Our towering Sky Sword sect doesn’t care about this matter!”

The three elders saw the experts from the surrounding families coming out one after another and smiled as they nodded.

Since there was someone helping them, they didn’t make a move to prevent others from gossiping.

“These guys...”

When the Li family’s patriarch saw another three forces walking out, he was slightly displeased. They were a bunch of dogs!

It would be great if the Li family could lick them alone.

“Brat, you dare to kill people in front of the towering sky sword sect and Sully the Holy Land. My Li family will kill you here today!”

The Li family’s patriarch moved his palm and a huge axe immediately appeared in his hand. He looked down at Wang Xian and judged him.

He was a powerhouse at level four of the Seethrough realm. It was easy for him to kill a heaven’s favorite who had the combat strength of level three of the Seethrough realm.

“Let our Ming family take his dog head!”

At this moment, the powerhouse of the Ming family moved. A sharp sword was aimed at Ren Xingchen.

At this moment, he was like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered. Everyone wanted to kill him first.

“Damn it!”

“His head is mine!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The Li family patriarch cursed in his heart. Then, he raised the huge axe in his hand and slashed at Ren Xingchen.

“Haha, I hope you can withstand one of their attacks. We’re here too!”

The other force wasn’t willing to be left behind. A rank 4 void interpretation expert attacked!

“This kid is finished!”

“What a pity. A rank 2 profound void martial genius in his thirties died just like that!”

“It’s also because this guy is a bit arrogant. He doesn’t have any background. When he meets the elders of the towering sky sword sect, he doesn’t know how to be more respectful!”

A nearby aristocratic family that had brought their disciples here sighed and discussed softly when they saw this scene.

“So what if you have the strength of the third level of the Seethrough Realm? Aren’t you still being killed? The heavens are going to kill you!”

Song Wan and the eldest senior brother of the towering sky sword sect watched this scene with excitement.

No matter how magnificent you are, how talented you are, or how you offended a powerful force, you will still die!

“This is the first time I’ve seen such a tyrannical force!”

Wang Xian stood about a thousand meters away. When he saw this scene, his eyes turned cold.

Ren Xingchen was merely here for revenge. He didn’t offend the Atlas Sword sect in the slightest, but he was about to be killed by the Atlas Sword sect.

“Hehe, he’s strong. He can really do whatever he wants!”

“Perfect. I originally needed to find a place to settle down. This is it!”

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly and looked at Ao Jian who was at the side.

Ao jian nodded his head slowly and gave an order to his subordinates.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang

The sound of a sharp sword being unsheathed could be heard.

“Die, your head is mine!”

In the middle, the leader of the Li family shouted at Ren Xingchen with a ferocious look on his face. He swung his huge axe at Ren Xingchen.

“You guys are pretty fast!”

The other three experts at the fourth level of the Seethrough realm frowned slightly. The speed in their hands also increased.

“You...”

Ren Xingchen gritted his teeth, and a trace of blood spilled out. His eyes were slightly bloodshot.

However, when he heard the sound of sharp swords coming from behind, his tensed nerves relaxed a little.

“You are the ones who died!”