Chapter 1480: Prince Charming 1480

Wang Xian walked out of the airship and arrived outside.

With the protection of the formation, he couldn’t feel any wind at all.

The airship was flying at a speed of 10,000 meters in the air. Its speed was dozens of times faster than the airplanes on earth.

“Look at the Magnificent Mountains and rivers. Just like how ambitious I am. This time, Dui Dazhuang must join young master he’s Army!”

Dui Dazhuang, who was following behind him, shouted loudly as soon as he came out.

Wang Xian ignored him and went to the railing at the back. With a thought, a pet egg appeared in his hand.

The green pet egg was covered with patterns, but there was only a faint trace of life on it. It was as if it was going to die at any moment.

This was a pet egg that Wang Xian obtained from the Atlas Sword sect.

After destroying the Atlas Sword sect, Wang Xian had gained a lot.

Just the conversion of elixirs, herbs, and the like into Dragon Energy had reached more than 300 billion dragon crystals.

A big faction was indeed a big faction.

This pet egg was one of the treasures that he obtained. However, Wang Xian could sense that the life in this pet egg was about to die prematurely.

“A wood-elemental pet egg of the third level of the void interpretation realm. If it is nourished by dragon energy, it should be able to raise the level of its bloodline!”

Wang Xian thought to himself as he held the pet egg with both hands.

“Eh? Brother Wang Xian, why does this pet egg of yours seem lifeless? Do you want to eat it?”

Lone Wood Dazhuang looked at Wang Xian curiously and asked.

Buzz

Wang Xian did not reply him. Waves of dragon energy were injected into the pet egg.

A faint green light was emitted. Wang Xian could clearly feel the revival of life in it.

Following that, the Dragon Crystal began to transform its body and bloodline.

Crack! Crack! Crack

A sound that sounded like a breakthrough was heard from inside. Wang Xian was slightly speechless as he felt the consumption of the dragon crystal.

However, he did not stop. He continued to upgrade the bloodline level of the pets inside.

He did not stop until he reached the sixth level of the Seethrough realm from the third level of the Seethrough realm.

At this moment, the pet egg was emitting a dazzling green light.

“This... This... Love is a ray of light, so Green that you’re panicking?”

Dui Dazhuang, who was standing at the side, saw the strong vitality of the pet egg and said with his eyes wide open in shock.

“I don’t like this damn fatty DUI Dazhuang. My father insisted that I marry him, and his mother actually agreed to it. He didn’t even look at himself. I feel disgusted just by looking at him!”

“I still like Dui Gongzi. If he is one-tenth of his brother, Dui Gongzi, I would have agreed to it. HMPH, the son of a maid is the son of a maid!”

At this moment, a voice came from the exit. Following that, five or six beautiful figures walked over.

The one who spoke was a girl who looked a little unruly.

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he heard this voice. It was really... Love is a ray of light. You are flustered when you are green!

Dui Dazhuang’s face turned dark as well.

“Lianjin, Lower Your Voice!”

“Lianjin, your fiancé is over there!”

At this moment, some of the girls beside him reminded him while others teased him.

“HMPH!”

“So what if I say it to your face!”

The seemingly unruly girl raised her head and saw Dui Mu Dazhuang, but she still said disdainfully.

“You, you, you... Lu Lianjin, don’t bully the young and poor. When I join Young Master He’s army, you...”

“TSK, someone like you still dares to think of joining young master he’s army. If you can enter, I, Lu Lianjin, will kneel before you!”

“Alright, you... Just You Wait, just you wait!”

“Just you wait, just you wait. Do you really think that someone like you can join Young Master He’s Army? Idiot!”

Dui Dazhuang was furious when he saw the girl mocking him.

However, he was interrupted before he could finish his sentence. He was so angry that his fat was trembling!

Wang Xian took a look at DUI Dazhuang. Then, he turned around and placed the pet egg into his storage spiritual bag.

Feeling bored, he found some wood materials from his interspatial ring. All of them were of the insightful void tier.

He moved his arm slightly and started to carve slowly with his palm as a knife.

The carving was to arouse his interest when he saw the figure carved by Dui Mu Dazhuang.

His palm moved and soon, a human figure appeared. The human figure was Ling Jian ‘ER. With a smile on her face, she was holding a pastry in her hand.

The figure was lifelike, just like a real person.

Wang Xian held the palm-sized figure and touched it with his hand. He let out a silent sigh and looked forward.

“Eh? What a beautiful and exquisite sculpture. What a powerful level of sculpture. It seems to be much more powerful than Dui Dazhuang!”

At this moment, a surprised voice came from the side.

“Miss Xun er!”

“Sister Xun er, Dui Mu!”

When the voice sounded, voices came from behind.

Wang Xian didn’t turn around. He wasn’t trying to show off. Instead, he was looking into the distance.

“Huh?”

Dui Mu Dazhuang, who was still full of anger, turned around and looked at the sculpture in Wang Xian’s hand. He was instantly stunned.

Her mother’s sculpture was very exquisite, and he learned sculpture from his mother. In the entire Nanling City, his sculpture level was second. No one dared to say that he was first.

Just now, he was showing off his sculpture to Wang Xian. However, Wang Xian had suddenly sculpted a sculpture quickly.

A sculpture that was even more exquisite than his.

Most importantly, this sculpture was only the size of a palm. As everyone knew, the smaller the sculpture, the harder it was to sculpt and the harder it was to be exquisite.

“You are 70% as good as me!”

Dui Mu raised his head and revealed his thick neck as he spoke forcefully. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, no one paid attention to him.

“Young master, this is the first time I’ve seen such a beautiful sculpture. Your sculpting skills are really on the level of a Master!”

A faint fragrance wafted over. Wang Xian frowned slightly.

At the back, the young man known as Dui Dazhuang frowned slightly when he saw this scene.

The fan in his hand stiffened and his expression turned ugly.

He had an extraordinary background and outstanding talent, but his looks... To be able to have the same father as Dui Dazhuang, his looks were not much better. He could only be said to be ordinary.

When he saw Xun er walking towards Wang Xian, his expression turned ugly.

“Xun er, if you want a statue, I will get Dazhuang to sculpt it for you!”

He squeezed out a smile and said with an ugly expression.

“Da Zhuang’s standard is slightly inferior to this young master!”

Xun Er shook her head and looked at Wang Xian again. She smiled and said, “This young master, I am Yuan Xun Er. May I know your name?”

Yuan Xun er asked Wang Xian.

However, Wang Xian still did not answer. He continued to look into the distance.

This made Yuan Xun er frown slightly. She looked at her body with some doubt. She was still as beautiful as ever.

“Young master, can I plead with you? Of course, I will give you a reward. Can you carve a sculpture for me?”

Yuan Xun er spoke to Wang Xian again.

“No!”

He spat out two words coldly without turning his head.

After the incident with Ling Jian ‘er, he came to a conclusion.

He was too outstanding and was too popular with girls. In order to prevent something like Ling Jian ‘er from happening.

He can only, quietly do a cold male god, disdain any beauty!