Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1482: 1482 forest of the He clan

“Big Brother, tell me, are you a powerhouse at the level of the void interpretation? I want to cling onto big brother’s legs!”

“If Big Brother becomes successful in the future, I want to see those guys still dare to be arrogant in front of me. Haha!”

Once Dui Dazhuang opened his mouth, he started to talk non-stop.

It had to be said that DUI dazhuang was a very optimistic person.

As the saying goes, the heart is broad and the body is fat. He must be someone like him.

Wang Xian took a piece of wood and used his hand as a knife to carve the statue again.

He had never learned how to carve before. However, with his focus and terrifying control, he could easily complete the carving.

Speaking of which, he relied on his powerful strength to carve.

While Wang Xian was carving, Lone Wood Dazhuang, who was at the side, did not care whether he was listening or not. He kept on talking.

“Look down. We are in the ancient wood forest. There is an area of 10,000 kilometers in front of us. The He clan’s forest is located in the middle of the ancient wood forest!”

“In the past, the ancient wood forest was a paradise for ferocious beasts and demonic beasts. 10,000 years ago, the first leader of the He clan, he wentian, appeared out of nowhere. He swept through all the ferocious beasts and demonic beasts in the ancient wood forest!”

“He took over the heart of the ancient wood forest and established the He clan today!”

After flying for an hour, Dui Dazhuang pointed ahead and introduced the He clan to Wang Xian.

Wang Xian looked ahead and saw an endless forest.

It was a gigantic tree that was five to six hundred meters tall.

Each tree had a diameter of more than ten meters. It was a spectacular sight.

Ancient Wood Forest, the territory of the He clan.

“The He clan’s forest, the He clan’s forest has arrived!”

Three hours later, Dui Dazhuang’s exclamation was heard once again. Wang Xian’s heart was moved as he looked ahead.

A majestic life force was rushing towards them.

The trees were twice as tall as the entrance and twice as large in diameter.

The rich life force and the majestic wood attribute energy were at least five to six times that of the outside world.

The speed of wood attribute cultivators cultivating here was several times faster than the outside world.

Even if they were not wood element cultivators, they would still have great benefits here.

The gigantic trees were neatly built. Looking down from the sky, it was like a fairyland.

“Is this the He clan’s Forest? Even the ancient blood stream sect in the flowing sea region can’t compare to it!”

Wang Xian revealed a hint of surprise in his eyes as he looked down.

“Brother Wang Xian, with your strength, you will definitely be able to join young master he’s army this time. Don’t forget about me in the future!”

Standing at the side, Dui Dazhuang said with a fawning expression.

Wang Xian glanced at him and didn’t say anything. He looked down.

The He clan’s forest was filled with wooden buildings. The entire area was filled with unique features.

The airship kept flying forward. After more than ten minutes, a huge tree with a diameter of more than a thousand meters appeared in their line of sight.

The tree was two to three thousand meters tall and shot straight into the clouds.

“That is the center of the He clan’s forest, the holy tree known as the heart of the Forest!”

Lone Tree Dazhuang introduced it to Wang Xian.

He nodded his head slowly. The resources in the vast area could not be compared to the flowing sea region.

There were many paradises here.

The most famous place in the vast region was the ruins of the divine kingdom. It was an extremely mystical paradise.

“The forest of the He clan is arriving soon. Everyone, get ready!”

At this moment, the sound of a notification came from the airship. The airship flew towards the location below.

“Everyone, get down!”

The airship did not land on the ground. Instead, it floated in the sky.

The formation that was blocking the airship disappeared. Wang Xian’s body moved and he flew straight down.

“Brother Wang Xian, wait, wait for me!”

Dui Dazhuang followed behind and caught up to Wang Xian hurriedly.

“Aren’t you going with the people from Nanling City?”

Wang Xian looked at him and asked faintly.

“No, no. This is your first time here, brother. I’ve been here twice. Why Don’t I show you around?”

Dui Dazhuang rubbed his hands with a smile and said to him.

“Sure!”

Wang Xian nodded his head,

“Do you know where he yuan is?”

“Young master he? Of course, young master he is at the Holy Tree. We can’t enter. If we want to see young master he, we have to wait until his birthday!”

Dui Dazhuang pointed at the huge tree in front of him and said with a smile.

Wang Xian hesitated for a moment before nodding his head slowly.

He Yuan’s birthday would arrive in a few days. He would be looking for him then.

“Let’s go, brother. I’ll show you around here. Within a hundred kilometers of this area, it’s the most lively spot. There’s everything!”

Dui Dazhuang said with a smile on his face.

Wang Xian nodded his head and followed beside him.

“This damned Dumu Dazhuang, this damned fellow!”

At the back, Dumu Gongzi’s face turned gloomy when he saw Dumu Dazhuang and Wang Xian leaving.

“Huff!”

He took a deep breath and a helpless expression appeared on his face.

“HMPH!”

Yun Xun er, who was at the side, looked at Wang Xian’s back and snorted coldly with an embarrassed expression.

“Do you know what is the most famous thing in the He clan’s Forest? Bejewelled nectar. TSK TSK, you don’t know. The wine brewed with bejewelled nectar and the tea brewed are the best in the world!”

Dui Dazhuang acted as if he was very familiar with the place. He introduced the place to Wang Xian with a smile.

Wang Xian nodded. It was his first time here. It was much more convenient to have acquaintances.

“Let’s Go!”

Dui Dazhuang led Wang Xian forward.

The He clan’s forest was located in the middle of the forest. They were also walking in the forest. The ground was a kind of soft grass.

It was very soft when they stepped on it. There were small rivers around them, and there was a kind of car beside the river.

The one pulling the car was a kind of elk. It was a herbivorous animal and looked very docile.

There were many wooden houses around. Some of the wooden houses were selling various items.

“Are we not there yet?”

After walking for more than an hour, Wang Xian looked at Dui Dazhuang and asked.

“Cough, cough, almost there. We should be there in another three hours or so!”

“Let’s go, let’s train our bodies and lose weight!”

Dui Dazhuang coughed and exercised his body.

“Let’s take the carriage!”

Wang Xian said directly.

“Cough cough, brother Wang Xian, this carriage is extremely expensive...”

“I have Spirit Stones!”

Wang Xian was a little speechless. It turned out that this fellow didn’t have any spirit stones to take the carriage.

“Haha, Alright, Alright. Brother Wang Xian, let me tell you. Although I don’t have any spirit stones now, I will become a diamond bachelor in two days!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Dui Dazhuang narrowed his eyes and laughed out loud.

The two of them got into the carriage. The carriage shuttled through the forest of the He clan and arrived at the place Dui Dazhuang had mentioned in less than twenty minutes.

Compared to their previous location, this place was obviously much livelier.

There were many humans and a group of green humanoid demonic beasts around them. They were from the forest fairy race and were one of the important members of the He clan.

“This time, there are no less than five to six thousand young elites who want to join young master he’s army for his birthday!”

Dui Dazhuang looked at the young elites around him and frowned slightly.