Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1483: 1483 forest fairy princess

“I want to become a member of the He Yuan army. The competition is a little too intense!”

Dui Dazhuang rubbed his fat chin and shook his head with a frown.

Wang Xian took a glance at the side. With Dui Dazhuang’s strength, it was simply wishful thinking for him to join the He Yuan army.

His cultivation base was only at level seven of the extraordinary realm. In the eyes of the young talents, he was not at the bottom, but he could not be ranked either.

“This is the place, brother Wang Xian. Come, let’s go in!”

Dui Dazhuang pointed at a tavern and teahouse that was leaning against a tree and said to Wang Xian.

He looked at the shop that Dui Dazhuang was referring to and then looked at the other shops around him. This shop was obviously the one with the lowest rank.

After knowing that Dui Dazhuang would need to walk for four hours to get here, he shook his head slightly.

“Let’s go to the Best Teahouse Here!”

Wang Xian said directly to him.

“Really, brother Wang Xian? The Best Teahouse. A pot of tea costs millions of middle-grade spirit stones!”

Dumu Dazhuang’s eyes lit up as he said.

“Go!”

Wang Xian spat out a word indifferently.

“Haha, tycoon, Tycoon, inhumane!”

“When I have spirit stones in a few days, please come to this teahouse to have a taste!”

Dui Dazhuang gave Wang Xian a thumbs up and pointed at the restaurant in front of him as he spoke generously.

Wang Xian smiled faintly.

Being together with this fatty DUI Dazhuang, he felt a little more relaxed.

The closer they were to the holy tree, the higher the value of the items.

The Best Restaurant was about five kilometers away from the holy tree.

Further inside was the territory of the He clan. The rest of the people were prohibited from entering.

“TSK TSK, this is really delicious. It’s rare in the human world!”

Sitting in a restaurant with more than ten floors, Dui Dazhuang was tasting the food while clicking his tongue.

Wang Xian sat across from him and looked at the He clan.

There were more than two thousand insightful void stage powerhouses in the He clan, which was much more than the Dragon Palace.

Compared to them, the dragon palace was slightly weaker.

“A clan that has been around for tens of thousands of years must have a deep heritage!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Wang Xian thought to himself.

After staying in the teahouse for two hours, Dui Dazhuang brought Wang Xian around.

The various shops were similar to other cities, but they were much richer.

The scenery and environment could not be compared to a city.

After strolling around for a while, they found a place to stay. When night fell, they stayed in a quiet wooden house. The smell of nature made them feel calm.

For the next three to four days, Dui Dazhuang brought Wang Xian around. All kinds of beautiful and harmonious places made people feel happy.

“Brother Wang Xian, I can’t go out today. I have something very important to do!”

On the fifth day, Dui Dazhuang didn’t follow Wang Xian. Instead, he started his great business of earning money alone.

Wang Xian didn’t pay attention to him. He drank tea every day and waited quietly.

In the next few days, the entire he clan’s forest became lively. There were many young talents.

The surroundings were filled with discussions about young master he’s birthday and his army.

“Let’s go to Dui Dazhuang’s place and take a look!”

After five to six consecutive days, Wang Xian was a little bored. He walked towards Dui Dazhuang’s place.

During these few days, Wang Xian also knew that Dui Mu Dazhuang had rented a small house and started a business.

He was selling sculptures of all kinds. Judging from his happy look every night, business should be good.

When Wang Xian arrived at the area where the He clan’s forest specialized in selling all kinds of items, he came to a very small wooden house.

Dui Mu Dazhuang was sitting at the door. There were over a hundred sculptures in front of the door. There were all kinds of sculptures of ferocious beasts and demonic beasts.

His fat body was exceptionally eye-catching as he sat there.

“How’s business?”

Wang Xian walked over and asked with a smile.

“Brother Wang Xian, you’re here. Haha, come in and have a seat. Let me tell you, my business is very good!”

Dui Dazhuang grinned and invited Wang Xian.

Wang Xian nodded and walked into the shop.

The moment he entered, two forest spirits walked over and sized up the statues one by one.

“Brother Wang Xian, you sit here. I’m too busy with my business. Hehe!”

Dui Dazhuang immediately introduced his statues to the two forest spirits.

Wang Xian took a look and took out a pot of tea from his interspatial ring. He placed it there and drank the tea while looking around.

The corner of Dui Dazhuang’s mouth twitched when he saw the tea that Wang Xian took out.

His sculpture was sold for 10,000 middle-grade spirit stones, but compared to the tea that Wang Xian drank for millions of middle-grade spirit stones, he was basically a pauper!

Selling it for a day might not even be worth as much as a mouthful of tea.

“Brother Wang Xian, where did you learn your carving skills from? Why Are You So Awesome?”

After a while, Dui Dazhuang’s voice was heard after the two guests left.

“I’ve never learned it before!”

Wang Xian shook his head lightly.

“Brother Wang Xian, I admire your ability to act cool!”

Dui Dazhuang’s voice was heard.

The corner of Wang Xian’s mouth twitched. He took out a material and started carving it himself. He would give it to Shu Qing and the rest when he returned.

“Brother He Feng, what gift do you think you should give to brother he yuan?”

Not far ahead, a group of young men were strolling around.

When they saw this group of young men, some of the people around them showed a hint of respect.

The leader was a humanoid woman who was filled with exotic beauty. She had a head full of long green hair.

Beside her was a young man who was wearing white and green clothes with a warm smile on his face.

Beside this young man called He Feng, there were two young men following behind him respectfully.

Behind the forest vixen woman, there were more than twenty women following.

“I don’t know either. Little brother he yuan doesn’t lack anything. The things we gave him really don’t catch his eye!”

When he feng heard the woman’s words, a trace of jealousy flashed across his eyes as he shook his head and said.

“That’s true. With brother he Yuan’s importance in the He clan, he doesn’t lack any pills or weapons!”

The forest fairy woman at the front shook her head helplessly as she looked around.

“Eh, is this shop newly opened?”

Suddenly, the woman saw a shop placing items at the entrance and walked over curiously.

“Eh? Single Tree Dazhuang!”

At the back of the Lady, Yuan Xun er saw the princess of the forest fairy clan walking towards the shop in front of her. She looked over and was slightly stunned.

She frowned when she saw Wang Xian who was in the shop.

She was able to follow the princess of the forest fairy clan today because of an elder sister from his mother’s clan. This made her excited for a long time.

The forest fairy clan was a seventh level profound void tier demon beast clan. It was an important part of the He clan and had a high status.

Not to mention, there was also a young master of the He clan following them.

“These statues are pretty good. Unfortunately, they are somewhat ordinary!”

The forest fairy princess walked over and looked at the statues on the ground with curiosity.