Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1487: 1487. The He clan was shaken

“Hiss ~”

A wave of fear enveloped the hearts of the two. When the seven patrolling experts of the He clan saw this scene, they felt a chill down their spines.

In the blink of an eye, they were reduced to ashes!

Moreover, the other party was an expert at the third rank of the profound void tier. This was a third rank of the profound void tier.

Even if it was an expert at the fifth rank of the profound void tier, if they wanted to kill an expert at the third rank of the profound void tier, they would have to move their muscles and bones, right?

However, a young man who looked extremely young killed them with a snap of his fingers.

The seven of them were in a daze. At the same time, they looked at this terrifying young man in horror!

Could it be that his strength was at level six of the Seethrough Realm? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

How was this possible?

Wang Xian looked at the seven patrols and frowned slightly.

“Run!”

However, when Wang Xian was hesitating and was about to speak, the seven patrols looked at each other. Without any hesitation, they ran straight towards the holy tree.

At the same time, they activated the highest alert for their patrols.

About two thousand meters in front of the holy tree, there was a rather solemn black wooden building complex.

The words “Law enforcement pavilion”were filled with coldness and killing intent.

A huge flag of the He clan was placed beside the law enforcement pavilion.

At this moment, the huge flag suddenly fluttered without any wind and let out a bitter and violent sound.

“Boom! Boom! Boom!”

“There’s a problem!”

“There’s an enemy!”

“Who dares to cause trouble in our clan? !”

“The flag is trembling. It’s at least an expert at the profound void tier 6. They’re courting death!”

Around the law enforcement pavilion, one figure after another flew to the front of the law enforcement pavilion at a terrifying speed.

Everyone’s faces revealed a cold expression as one figure after another gathered together.

The leaders were three powerhouses at level six of the Seethrough realm.

These three powerhouses were the three pavilion masters of the law enforcement pavilion.

“Northwest direction, let’s Go!”

The three pavilion masters looked at the trembling flag with murderous intent in their eyes. They moved their bodies and flew directly toward the northwest direction.

A group of more than twenty Seethrough realm powerhouses flew over directly.

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he saw the seven patrols suddenly escape. He frowned and considered whether he should chase after them.

However, if he were to chase after them, it might cause a bigger misunderstanding!

“I wonder what the status of the people I killed is!”

Wang Xian shook his head. If their status was higher, it might not be easy to deal with them even if he had a good relationship with he yuan.

However, Wang Xian didn’t care too much. If the He clan was defeated, he would attack them one by one and force them to help him find Ling Jian ‘er.

He looked at the seven figures who had disappeared and looked at the room at the side.

In the room, a faint snoring sound could be heard. Wang Xian shook his head speechlessly.

Dui Mu Dazhuang was really generous and fat.

After closing the door, Wang Xian poured himself a cup of tea and waited quietly.

Boom

“What’s going on? What happened? I asked you to issue a warning!”

At this moment, in the sky above the He clan’s forest, seven patrolling officers who were fleeing in fear looked behind them from time to time.

They were afraid that Wang Xian would chase after them.

When the more than 20 law enforcement officers who were rushing over saw the seven patrolling officers who were filled with fear, they frowned.

“Three Pavilion Masters!”

When the seven patrolling officers heard their voices, they heaved a sigh of relief and wiped off the cold sweat on their foreheads.

“What happened?”

The three hall masters frowned and asked them.

“Hall master, four of young master he Feng’s subordinates were killed. They were instantly killed and turned into ashes!”

One of the patrolling officers said with a grave expression.

“What? Tell us the details!”

Everyone was slightly taken aback and immediately said.

“Just now, we sensed the fluctuations of the array formation and immediately flew over. We discovered that it was four of young master he Feng’s subordinates, two third level void interpretation experts, and two young men!”

“They followed young master he Feng’s orders and came to kill a young man.”

“We didn’t stop them at that time, but what happened next shocked us greatly. The young man that young master he Feng wanted to kill easily killed two third-level profound void martial experts with a flick of his finger and turned them into ashes, as if they didn’t exist at all!”

A patrol officer gulped and said with some fear.

“What? A young man? Do you know his identity?”

A few people had serious expressions on their faces. A young man could turn two level 3 profound void martial experts into ashes with a snap of his fingers. Even the top geniuses in the vast area couldn’t do it.

“I don’t know!”

Everyone shook their heads.

“It might not be a young man. He might have taken some special pills to maintain his youthful appearance. No matter what, if he dares to kill people here, we can’t let him go!”

One of the Pavilion Masters said with a cold gaze.

“That’s right. Let’s capture him first and interrogate him!”

The other pavilion master nodded his head coldly as well.

As one of the top five forces in the vast region, especially in their territory, they were not afraid of anyone.

“Let’s go. capture him. If he resists with all his might, kill him immediately!”

Led by the Three Pavilion Masters, a group of more than 30 people flew towards the place where Wang Xian was staying.

“It’s at the house in front!”

When they were close to two kilometers away, a patrol officer pointed at the 300-meter-tall house and said.

“Use the seventh-level void interpretation formation to envelop him!”

The Three Pavilion Masters moved their palms slightly and a formation compass appeared in their hands.

“Weng!”

The formation directly covered an area of 2,000 meters.

One pavilion master waved his arm, and a wave of energy entered the other rooms, causing everyone to fall unconscious.

“Those inside, come out and follow us!”

After everything was set up, a group of over 30 void interpretation experts stood 1,000 meters away from the other side of the room, and a cold voice was transmitted into the room.

“Three of them are at level six of the void interpretation stage, six of them are at level five of the void interpretation stage, and more than 20 of them are below level five of the void interpretation stage. The He clan is really strong!”

Wang Xian looked over and mumbled to himself. He stood up slowly and walked out of the house.

“Huh?”

Everyone was slightly shocked when they saw Wang Xian’s figure.

Young, too young.

“How dare you kill four people in our he clan. Follow me and await your punishment!”

A pavilion master sized up Wang Xian and said coldly.

“Are all of you from the He clan so overbearing? It was your people who came here to kill me first. All I did was to execute their idea on them!”

Wang Xian frowned slightly when he heard the domineering words of the level six SEETHROUGH expert. He spoke in a cold tone.

“No matter what, since you dare to kill people here, you have to come with us. Otherwise...”

The leader of the pavilion was still staring at Wang Xian with an imposing manner. With a move of his arm, a two-meter-long giant sword appeared in front of him.

“Otherwise what?”

Wang Xian restrained his expression and swept his gaze across them.

“Otherwise, I will kill you directly!”

As he spoke, the giant sword in his hand was extended by terrifying sharp thorns.

In the surroundings, a group of experts took out their weapons with their faces. A terrifying aura was emitted and charged toward Wang Xian.