Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1488: The 1488 he clan was in a state of shock

“Make your move. If he dares to resist, kill him on the spot!”

Wang Xian frowned when he saw the group of He clan’s powerhouses taking out their weapons forcefully.

When he heard the order of a level 6 insightful void martial artist, he sighed helplessly.

“All of you really deserve to be taught a lesson!”

As Wang Xian spoke, the five elements millstone slowly appeared in front of his chest. He waved his arm and the five elements Millstone expanded. It charged straight at the more than 30 insightful void martial artists in front of him.

“Attack!”

When the more than 30 insightful emptiness realm experts saw Wang Xian taking the initiative to attack, their faces revealed a cold expression as they let out a low growl.

Buzz

The five elements millstone rotated. Even though Wang Xian was in his human form now, with his current strength, it was easy for him to kill a level six insightful emptiness realm expert in his human form.

Boom

The more than 30 insightful emptiness realm experts waved their staffs, swords, and bows in their hands as they charged towards the thousand-meter-sized five elements millstone.

“What?”

However, when the terrifying forces collided, more than 30 insightful void martial artists revealed shocked expressions.

Even the expressions of the three insightful void martial artists changed drastically.

Their attacks were directly crushed and dissipated by the revolving millstone when they landed on the five elements millstone.

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

Right at this moment, roars sounded from the five elements millstone.

The five divine dragons’bodies shook, and Gray Dragon Phantoms directly attacked the 30 or so profound void martial experts.

“Be careful, the opponent’s strength is very strong!”

A rank 6 profound void martial expert’s expression changed, and he warned loudly.

“Dharma Idol, heaven and earth become a forest!”

“Dharma Idol, tear!”

“Dharma Idol, roots explode with power!”

With a loud roar, he unleashed his dharma idol.

Around him, many insightful emptiness realm experts also hurriedly unleashed their dharma idols, attacking the gray divine dragons.

“Boom! Boom! Boom!”

For a moment, a terrifying explosion sounded.

“Weng!”

The five elements millstone was still like a world-destroying millstone, pressing forward.

“Escape from the formation below the fourth-rank of the profound void tier. They are not someone you can fight against. Ask the clan leader and the others for Help!”

The three pavilion masters saw that their dharma idol attack was only able to resist one of the opponent’s attacks.

And that young man had yet to make a move, which made the three pavilion masters feel a wave of fear in their hearts.

The opponent might not be an expert at the sixth-rank of the profound void tier, but an even stronger existence.

At the thought of this, they felt their scalps go numb.

A person at level seven of the Seethrough realm was considered a top-notch existence in the He clan. Other than a few patriarchs of their clan, there were only eight of them at level seven of the Seethrough realm.

There were only four of them at the holy tree, while the rest were at the ruins of the divine kingdom.

“Yes, Pavilion Master!”

The twenty or so Seethrough realm experts hurriedly fled outside with terrified expressions.

“It’s not that easy to escape!”

When Wang Xian saw them leaving, a hint of coldness appeared on his face. Since they were attacking him, he would definitely not let them leave unscathed.

He raised his arm slowly and his entire arm turned into a terrifying dragon claw.

The 10-meter-long Dragon Claw landed on Wang Xian’s body, adding a hint of terrifying aura to it.

Buzz

He moved his dragon claw and a greyish energy attacked the twenty people directly.

“This is bad. Quick, run!”

The changes in Wang Xian’s body caused the three pavilion masters and the rest to show a look of fear on their faces. They hurriedly shouted loudly.

“This is bad!”

However, the group of strongest experts at level three of the void interpretation realm were unable to escape from Wang Xian’s Dragon Claw.

“Bang, Bang, Bang!”

A huge force landed on their bodies, causing them to feel a sweet taste in their mouths. They spat out a mouthful of fresh blood.

Their bodies were sent flying backward.

“Phew!”

The group of twenty insightful void martial artists felt the injuries in their bodies and heaved a sigh of relief. It was only a slight internal injury.

They did not turn around and flew out of the formation hurriedly.

“Clan leader, Clan Elder, there is an invasion of experts. Our law enforcement pavilion can not stop it. We request the clan leader and clan elders to provide assistance!”

When the twenty insightful emptiness realm experts charged out of the formation, a howl that covered a radius of several dozen kilometers suddenly sounded in the quiet night sky.

The sound was loud and very abrupt, causing everyone within a radius of several dozen kilometers to be completely stunned.

“Peng!”

“What’s the situation? An expert has invaded? Heavens, this... how is this possible? which force dares to invade the He clan?”

“It can’t be? An expert that the law enforcement pavilion can’t stop is at least an expert at the seventh level of the profound void tier. who is it that dares to cause trouble in the He clan? !”

A whistling sound startled everyone within a radius of dozens of kilometers.

Many people were asleep. They sat up with shocked expressions on their faces.

“En!”

“There’s an expert!”

Under the Holy Tree, it was thousands of meters tall and thousands of meters in diameter.

There were many quiet houses under the holy tree and on its branches.

The surroundings of the holy tree were filled with dense wood elemental energy.

When the cry for help sounded, three old men and a middle-aged man opened their eyes in the houses on the thousand-meter tall branches.

Their eyes froze.

“Let’s go and see who it is that dares to cause trouble here!”

The middle-aged man’s voice sounded. His figure moved, and a light figure appeared in the air.

The other three old men also moved, following closely behind.

Around the holy tree, figures flickered, and all the insightful emptiness realm experts in the He clan’s holy tree moved.

“Those below insightful emptiness realm level 4 don’t need to come over. Those above insightful emptiness realm level 4, leave some to guard the surroundings. The rest follow!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The He clan leader looked at the clansmen below and said in a low voice.

“Yes, clan leader!”

“Who dares to cause trouble in our he clan? They don’t know death!”

“Come, let’s go and take a look. The people from the law enforcement pavilion couldn’t resist it. The opponent’s strength is definitely at the seventh level of the profound void tier!”

“I want to see which force dares to provoke us!”

Below, the lowest level fourth level profound void tier expert followed the figures of the clan leader and the Clan Elder and flew forward.

The entire he clan was shaken.

Someone dared to cause trouble in the He clan, and it was even a top-notch expert. Such a thing had not happened for over a thousand years.

The He clan leader and the three clan elders’gazes were like torches as they stared coldly ahead.

Their speed was very fast, and in the blink of an eye, they had appeared at the location where the sound had come from.

“Boom Boom Boom!”

However, when they had just arrived, they saw that the profound void rank 7 formation in front of them was slowly cracking open.

More than ten figures directly flew out from the formation.

They spat out fresh blood, and their faces were somewhat pale as they heavily landed on the ground.

The He clan leader and the three clan leaders coldly swept their gazes over. Seeing that no one had died, they let out a slight sigh of relief.

Closely following that, their gazes stared at the center of the formation’s crack, the young man floating in the air.

“Clan leader, his strength is terrifying. He should be an expert at the seventh level of the Seethrough Realm!”

The Three Pavilion Masters saw the clan leader and the rest flying over. They clutched their chests and exclaimed in fear.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh

At this moment, 30 to 40 figures flew over at a terrifying speed and surrounded Wang Xian!