Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1489: 1489. The He clan was shaken

“Hiss, what happened? The Lin clan leader and the three clan elders of the seventh level of the profound void tier have all arrived!”

“My God, what kind of existence invaded the Lin clan? The Lin clan actually sent out so many experts!”

“The other party is definitely an expert of the profound void tier, definitely of the seventh level of the profound void tier. Otherwise, it would be impossible for so many experts to have arrived!”

At a few kilometers away, when everyone saw the He clan flying towards them with such a huge formation, they were all shocked. They looked over in a daze, they could only vaguely see a figure floating in the sky within the encirclement of the He clan’s experts.

Thirty to forty experts at the fourth level of the Seethrough level surrounded Wang Xian. They kept a distance of a thousand meters and stared at Wang Xian vigilantly.

A group of powerhouses from the law enforcement pavilion covered their wounds and came to the back of the He clan leader and the three clan elders.

They stared at the young man in front of them with some fear.

Just now, the young man merely flashed his body and all of them were sent flying backward.

Even the extremely sturdy seventh level void interpretation stage formation did not last more than five seconds under the attack of the young man.

This was a seventh-level void interpretation formation that could trap a sixth-level void interpretation formation!

“Who are you? Which faction are you from? Tell us your name. We, the Lin clan, will not kill Nameless People!”

The He clan leader and the three clan elders were floating in the sky. They sized up Wang Xian with surprise in their eyes and asked coldly.

“Will not kill nameless people?”

Wang Xian was floating in the sky. He looked at all of them arrogantly and revealed a faint sneer on his face.

He wasn’t afraid at all. There wasn’t the slightest hint of panic on his face either!

Not to mention the four experts at level seven of the Seethrough realm, Wang Xian wasn’t even afraid of an expert at level eight of the Seethrough realm!

Even if he couldn’t defeat them, with his current strength, he could still escape from the hands of an expert at level eight of the Seethrough realm.

“You people don’t have the qualifications to do so!”

Wang Xian raised his head slightly and stared at the He clan’s leader with an indifferent expression!

“Haha, what an Arrogant Fellow. No wonder you dare to be arrogant in our he clan. If we let you go today, our he clan’s face would be unnecessary!”

A clan leader stared at Wang Xian with a smile. He raised his arm slightly and a green wooden stick that was emitting a brilliant glow appeared in his hand. He stared at Wang Xian with a face full of fighting spirit and smiled sinisterly.

“The people of your he clan came to assassinate me. I killed them. I have already given you face by not killing the experts of your law enforcement pavilion. Since you don’t want your face, there is no need for me to give it to you!”

Wang Xian stood in the air as he stared at all of them coldly.

“Haha, it has been thousands of years. No one has provoked our he clan for thousands of years. You are the first!”

The He clan leader frowned slightly when he heard his words. However, his expression turned cold immediately after. A huge staff that was two meters in size appeared in his hand.

The staff contained endless vitality. The moment the staff appeared, the surrounding trees let out a rustling sound as if they were about to pay their respects.

Buzz

Wang Xian waved his arm and the five elements millstone appeared under his feet. It gradually grew bigger.

A surge of energy of the five elements gushed into the surroundings.

Wang Xian revealed an unruly expression on his face as a surge of energy of the five elements dispersed into the surroundings.

Wang Xian was not the least bit afraid of the He clan’s leader and the rest.

Even though they were from the He Yuan clan, the He clan’s actions tonight had already infuriated him.

The dignity of the strong was not something that could be trampled on so easily. Wang Xian would not be able to bear and explain the He clan’s mistakes.

He stood on the five elements millstone as it spun. His cold gaze swept across everyone around him.

“Next, if someone is going to die, you all deserve it!”

Wang Xian said slowly.

“How arrogant. Everyone, line up. Don’t even think about leaving the He clan today!”

Just as Wang Xian finished his words, the eyes of the He clan’s leader and elders shot out a terrifying killing intent.

With a wave of their arms, the experts who were at least at level four of the Seethrough realm quickly dispersed into the surroundings.

“Eh?”

However, an elder who was standing behind Wang Xian looked at Wang Xian in astonishment.

The more he looked at him, the more familiar he felt.

Especially when Wang Xian was spinning on the five elements millstone just now, a figure flashed across his mind.

However, as it had been too long, he didn’t know who it was.

He hesitated for a moment before moving to the front of Wang Xian.

“It’s been a long time since I’ve made a move. I hope you won’t disappoint me!”

The Burly clan leader, who was holding a wooden club, had a strong fighting spirit in his eyes. A terrifying atmosphere spread out in the surroundings.

Even within a radius of ten kilometers, one could feel this pressure.

“If it’s just you alone, I can easily crush you to death!”

Wang Xian stared at the clan elder with a proud expression.

Since they wanted to fight, he would play with them for a while before leaving!

“Kill!”

When the He clan leader heard Wang Xian’s arrogant words, a terrifying pressure spread out in the surroundings.

“Young master Wang!”

Just as the He clan leader and the three clan leaders were about to attack.

Just as Wang Xian was about to transform into a dragon, an exclamation and an incredulous voice came from the side.

“Huh?”

The sudden voice stunned Wang Xian, the He clan leader, and the three clan leaders.

Wang Xian looked over and looked at the elder who spoke.

The He clan leader and the rest also looked over with a frown.

“Clan leader Yan!”

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows. He didn’t expect to meet an acquaintance here.

Furthermore, it was an acquaintance from the Liuhai region.

Clan leader Yan was the one who had been following he yuan when he came to the Liuhai region.

At the banquet at the Heavenly Sword Sect, Wang Xian had met clan leader Yan.

At that time, he was only at level three of the Seethrough realm. Now, he had already reached level four of the Seethrough realm.

“Young master Wang, it’s really... It’s really you!”

The Yan clan leader stared at Wang Xian in disbelief and swallowed a mouthful of saliva.

He was a little absent-minded. He had a very deep impression of Wang Xian back then.

According to what young master he said, he was a young Beast Tamer who was even stronger than him. Even young master he was convinced by him.

Moreover, Wang Xian’s relationship with young master he was very good when they were in the flowing sea region. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, this arrogant young man who looked down on the He clan leader and the clan leader was actually young master Wang.

Seventh level of the Seethrough realm!

“Gulp!”

“Eh? Yan Changqing, who is he?”

The He clan leader saw that his subordinate recognized this young man. Furthermore, he seemed to be very familiar with him. He frowned slightly and asked.

“Reporting to the clan leader, he is young master he Yuan’s good brother. Young master he Yuan had a good relationship with young master Wang when he was in the Liuhai Region!”

Yan Changqing quickly reported to the clan leader.

“Yuan Er’s good brother?”

Everyone around was stunned!