Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1490: 1490. This child was Yao Shang

In the He clan’s forest, the He clan’s leader, the three clan leaders, and all the experts of the He clan around them were stunned and shocked when they heard Yan Changqing’s words.

The He clan’s leader was even more shocked.

Yuan ‘Er’s good brother?

The He clan’s leader had always been very proud of his son, especially he yuan. He was born with a special constitution and had terrifying talent as a beast tamer.

He Yuan’s talent was not inferior to the most talented disciples of the three super forces. In fact, he even thought highly of his son in terms of potential in the future.

Even so, the He clan leader did not think that his son could become good brothers with a seventh rank profound void martial artist.

A strong person had the dignity of a strong person.

Two years ago, his son was only at level one of the Seethrough realm. However, the other party had such terrifying strength. How could he have a level one of the Seethrough realm as his brother?

Even if it was because of the He clan’s background, the possibility was not very high.

Level seven of the Seethrough realm. With such strength, even in the He clan, he was considered a top-notch powerhouse.

The three clan elders looked at Wang Xian in astonishment. Their expressions kept changing.

“Are you good friends with He Yuan?”

The He clan leader stared at Wang Xian and asked with a frown.

“We communicated for a period of time when we were in the flowing sea region!”

Wang Xian looked at the He clan leader and nodded his head faintly.

“Are you here this time?”

The He clan leader couldn’t react in time. His son’s friend almost got into a fight with them.

Moreover, this friend of his son had the ability to fight against them.

“I came over from the flowing sea region. I have something to ask he yuan for help. I heard that his birthday is in a few days, so I waited here for a few days!”

Wang Xian stood there and spoke in a neither servile nor overbearing manner.

If he could avoid a conflict with the He clan, Wang Xian would naturally avoid a conflict as well.

Of course, the prerequisite was that the other party didn’t have to be so overbearing and domineering.

“Can you explain what happened tonight?”

The He clan leader’s tone was a little better as he spoke to Wang Xian.

“It’s you who should give me an explanation!”

However, Wang Xian didn’t give them a way out. He swept his gaze across the patrol team behind them.

“Clan leader!”

At this moment, a few patrol team members immediately walked forward and reported the cause of the incident to the He clan leader.

“Feng ‘er?”

When the He clan leader heard their conversation, he frowned slightly.

He immediately had a rough understanding of the cause and effect.

During the day, it was obvious that Wang Xian didn’t give Feng ‘er any face. At night, he ordered people to come and kill him.

However, what Feng ‘Er didn’t expect was that the other party was a terrifying level seven void interpretation stage powerhouse.

As a top-tier expert, if someone tried to assassinate him, the result would naturally be obvious.

The dignity of an expert could not be offended.

This caused everyone around to frown slightly.

They had never thought that the cause of the matter was because he feng had sent people to assassinate him.

“Looks like this matter is just a misunderstanding!”

The He clan leader’s face was slightly ugly. One of his son’s expert friends had come to celebrate his son’s birthday.

In the end, his other son had sent people to assassinate him. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Moreover, they had a conflict with him. It was a little embarrassing.

Wang Xian smiled faintly and didn’t say anything.

“This matter is our he clan’s fault. This brother came to look for he yuan. This kid is currently in the Holy Tree and can’t come out for the time being!”

“We don’t care about this matter. Let’s apologize to our brother. Why don’t this brother come to stay in the He clan? When he yuan comes out, you guys can catch up on old times!”

The clan leader who was holding the club suggested awkwardly.

“Don’t bother. I’ll wait here for a few days. We’ll meet again on his birthday!”

Wang Xian shook his head and refused.

“Alright!”

When the He clan leader heard Wang Xian’s words, he pondered for a moment and said, “Yuan er has never had any friends. I’m sure Yuan er will be very happy when he finds out about your arrival!”

Wang Xian nodded his head faintly.

“Brother Wang, if you have any needs in the He clan’s forest, you can come and look for us. If you have friends coming from afar, we will definitely do what we can!”

The He clan leader continued speaking and cupped his hands toward Wang Xian.

“Alright, thank you, he clan!”

When Wang Xian saw how courteous they were, he cupped his hands as well.

One Foot in front of the other, and one foot in front of the other!

This had always been Wang Xian’s principle in doing things.

“Then, we shall not disturb brother Wang. When Yuan ‘er comes out, our he clan will treat you to a feast!”

The He clan leader revealed a smile on his face. He gestured to the surrounding clansmen and flew towards the holy tree.

“It’s just a misunderstanding that has disturbed everyone. I’m Sorry!”

At this moment, at least hundreds of thousands of people within a radius of tens of kilometers were observing the situation. The voice of a tribe elder resounded in everyone’s mind.

“Eh? What’s going on? Why did they disperse without a fight?”

“Misunderstanding? Who is that figure? What kind of misunderstanding happened?”

Puzzled voices rang out in the surroundings.

Wang Xian took a glance and entered the room directly.

The unconscious Lone Tree Dazhuang did not know about the shocking scene that had happened.

“Yan Changqing, you know about that young master Wang. Tell Me Everything!”

At this moment, before they reached the position of the Holy Tree, the He clan leader could not help but ask Yan Changqing.

He had to pay attention to a peerless powerhouse who had suddenly appeared and was a friend of his son.

The entire he clan couldn’t help but take him seriously as well.

“Clan leader, I don’t know much about this young master Wang. All I know is that he is also a beast tamer. Back then, when the two of them competed in strength, even young master he yuan was forced to admit defeat!”

“Later on, young master he Yuan played with him for quite a few days. When he left, young master he yuan invited him to the vast region. He said that he would come here in three to five years at most. As for the rest, I don’t know either!”

Yan Changqing said in full detail.

“Go and investigate. Find out all the information about this young master Wang. Use all the strength of the He clan!”

The He clan leader immediately gave an order to Yan Changqing.

“It’s the clan leader!”

Yan Changqing was slightly startled and hurriedly nodded.

“Inform US once the information is found out!”

The three clan elders said to the He clan leader.

“Yes!”

He clan leader nodded.

They had to understand this matter in detail.

In less than half an hour, the entire he clan’s strength was mobilized.

With the He clan’s strength, if they wanted to obtain information, even if it was from the flowing sea region, they would at most be able to obtain it in two days.

During these two days, everyone in the He clan’s forest was filled with curiosity towards the matter of that night, and they were all discussing it.

Two days later, one by one, the information was sent to the He clan leader.

When he flipped open the information, he sucked in a breath of cold air!