Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1493: Dragon of 1,493 people

As time passed, more and more people gathered around the birthday banquet venue.

All of them were young men from the young elites within a radius of hundreds of thousands of kilometers.

Each of the young men was dressed in luxurious clothes. Even though some of them looked a little shabby, there was still a hint of determination on their faces.

These young men were either the favored sons of the heavens in a city or the descendants of the various big families in the city!

There were very few people below transcendent level six.

Other than humans, there were also some demonic beasts, young men and women from the forest fairy race, and some other young men in the form of human-shaped demonic beasts.

The entire banquet hall was extremely lively. All the young men were chatting enthusiastically.

The Man was handsome while the woman was beautiful.

Wang Xian leaned against the chair and looked at the tens of thousands of young men in the banquet hall with a smile on his face.

From this group of young men, it could be seen that the entire he clan was thriving.

“Hehe!”

Dui Dazhuang stuck out his stomach with a smile on his face. He narrowed his eyes and sized up the surroundings.

Little Goody was also sizing up the surroundings with a curious look on his shoulder. This combination was filled with a sense of humor.

“Let’s Go There!”

Dui Dazhuang looked around. In the banquet area, the place with the most people was the area around the ferocious beasts.

Dui Dazhuang looked at the surroundings of a peacock of light. There were hundreds of people gathered around it, and most of them were beautiful women. His eyes lit up, and he immediately shook his fat body and walked over with narrowed eyes.

“A second-level void interpretation stage peacock of light, with a fourth-level void interpretation bloodline. If only I could get this ferocious beast to be my mount. It’s simply too beautiful!”

“My strength is not inferior to those men. I’m definitely going to get this peacock of light. In the future, I’ll be the famous Peacock Queen, Hehe!”

Around this ferocious beast, many girls were talking excitedly.

“Beautiful things can be pleasing to the eye. This peacock of light is simply too beautiful!”

Dui Mu Dazhuang walked over and said with a face full of amazement, attracting the attention of the surrounding people.

“Huh?”

A few girls who were closer to Dui Dazhuang looked over. When they saw DUI Dazhuang’s body, they felt a little disgusted.

“Pa pa, Zhi Zhi!”

At this moment, Little Goody, who was on Dui Dazhuang’s shoulder, stared at the peacock of light and cried out. It widened its eyes and stared curiously.

“Little Goody, let’s see if it’s pretty. Although it’s pretty, it’s not as cute as our little goody!”

Duoku Dazhuang intentionally stretched out his arm to let little goody jump over and display it in front of everyone.

“What a cute little fellow. Aiya, it’s simply too cute!”

The surrounding girls’eyes lit up when they saw little goody.

Cute animals had some powerful lethality to girls.

Duoku Dazhuang’s eyes revealed a smug look when he heard the cries of surprise from the surrounding.

As expected, it was just as he had expected!

“What kind of fierce beast is this? It looks so cute, and it actually knows how to clap its hands!”

“Yeah, a wood-attributed fierce beast cub. It looks so smart. Little Guy, What’s Your Name?”

Two girls walked over with faces full of love, wanting to stretch out their hands to touch it.

“It’s called Little Goody. Come, Little Goody, let the two beautiful sisters touch it!”

Lone Tree Dazhuang said to Little Goody with a smile on his face.

“Squeak Squeak!”

Little Goody called out and intelligently raised its head to look at the two girls. With a move of its arm, it turned into wisps of twigs and touched the two girls’faces.

When Lone Tree Dazhuang saw little Goody’s actions, he was slightly stunned, and his eyes revealed a look of envy.

This little family had potential!

“Haha, Little Goody is so cute, so Itchy!”

The two girls were amused by Little Goody!

They couldn’t help but reach out their hands.

“Ah, what a cute fierce Beast Pet!”

“Yeah, it’s simply too cute. And look at how smart it is. What kind of fierce beast pet is this? I want to buy one too!”

At this moment, Little Goody’s cute image and the two exclamations attracted the attention of the surrounding girls.

They immediately moved closer to Dui Dazhuang.

“Come, little guy, I’ll give you something good to eat!”

A girl with a face full of love took out an emerald green bamboo and handed it to little goody.

“Squeak Squeak!”

Little Goody’s eyes immediately lit up and he immediately took it. One of his arms turned into a branch and slowly rubbed against the girl’s face.

“Wow, so cute!”

The girl’s face revealed a look of love.

Little Goody held onto the bamboo with his other hand and started to eat it bite by bite.

“Little Guy, are you eating spirit stones?”

The surrounding girls looked at him and took out a spirit stone with envy.

“Squeak Squeak!”

Little Goody didn’t reject anything. He used his hand to touch the girl’s face and directly swallowed the spirit stone.

“Ahhh, isn’t it too cute!”

“I still have more, I still have more!”

One by one, the girls took out spirit stones and some pills and handed them to little rascal.

One by one, it stretched out its arm and turned it into a branch, gently brushing every girl that gave it food.

This action undoubtedly made some of the girls’faces full of joy.

Many of the girls who came here were from large clans in the city. Their families were good, and each of them wasn’t stingy with spirit stones to feed little rascal.

Soon, more than ten girls gathered around Dui Dazhuang.

“Ladies, don’t be anxious, don’t be anxious. If you want to see little rascal, don’t crowd around!”

“Aiya, beauty, you are so caring, so beautiful!”

“Beauty, don’t Lean on me!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Dui Dazhuang’s goal had been achieved. He stood there with a gentlemanly face and sniffed around.

Some of the girls were even pressed against his body, which made him feel extremely pleased.

“Ga Ga!”

Dui Dazhuang’s lower body was stiff, and his face was filled with a smile.

“Eh?”

At this moment, a dozen girls walked over from the side. When they saw that there were dozens of girls gathered here, they would occasionally exclaim, causing the girl in the middle to be slightly stunned and look over curiously.

“What a clever vicious Beast Cub!”

That Girl’s face revealed a surprised expression.

“Yes, Sister Tianqing, what a cute little fellow!”

The few girls next to her looked over, and they also looked over with fondness.

“Sisters, can you let me take a look!”

The girl hesitated for a moment, and said to the group of girls gathered in front.

“Oh?”

“Miss Tianqing!”

“Miss Tianqing, come and take a look. The entire ferocious beast cub is very cute!”

The woman named Tianqing clearly had quite a reputation. The women all made way for her.

“What a beautiful lady!”

“Come, Little Goody, wave your hand!”

A hint of surprise flashed across Lone Tree Dazhuang’s eyes when he saw the woman walk in. He said with a smile.

“Squeak Squeak!”

Little Rascal ate one spirit stone after another happily. Then, he stretched out his hand and waved it!

“How cute. Moreover, the level of your bloodline shouldn’t be low either!”

A smile appeared on Tian Qing’s face. Then, she stretched out her hand and handed a pill to little rascal.

“Handsome, can you sell this Savage Beast Cub? Name a price!”