Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1600: 1,600 tyrannies and Madness 4

“This is only the beginning. He Yuan from the He clan came out to commit suicide!”

The scene in the sky showed that nearly 100,000 people who had been treated by Wang Xian were all killed.

However, this was only the beginning for the solipsistic sect.

When the supreme chief said this sentence, everyone was shocked.

He Yuan of the He clan had come out to commit suicide!

He clan, this was the top he clan among the first-rate forces!

He Yuan was the most outstanding disciple of the entire he clan. He was even groomed to be the successor of the next clan leader.

Even so, the supreme chief announced that he yuan of the He clan had come out to commit suicide.

How overbearing was this!

“What? You want to kill he yuan!”

The Supreme Headmaster’s words caused the expressions of everyone from Wang Xian’s he clan to change drastically. Even he Yuan’s face turned pale instantly and cold sweat appeared on his forehead.

The He clan was indeed powerful. Even the three superpowers had to be wary of the He clan.

However, if the supreme headmaster wanted to kill he yuan, would the He clan dare to disobey?

Even if the He clan could withstand the onslaught of the supreme headmaster, there was a condition. That was, they could hide in the holy tree and not come out.

However, could they hide forever?

“Hiss, this supreme headmaster is so overbearing. He Yuan of the He clan...”

“He killed nearly 100,000 people saved by the Sky Demon, and now he wants to kill the Sky Demon’s friend he yuan. This is too overbearing!”

Everyone’s faces were filled with shock, and their gazes were all focused on the He clan.

“Little Yuan!”

He suiqing, who was holding onto he Yuan’s arm, had an incomparably pale face. Her body was slightly trembling as she looked at him.

“If I remember correctly, more than 10,000 years ago, a powerful force provoked the lone sect. At that time, that force had several million people killed!”

“Other than the direct members of this force, there were also several million people who were implicated. A total of seven to eight million people died at the hands of the lone sect!”

“It was also from that time that the supreme sect became known as the supreme sect in heaven and earth. It was overbearing and powerful, and it was deeply rooted in the hearts of the People!”

The elder of Wuji Empire frowned and said slowly.

The supreme sect leader had made the most core disciple of a top-tier force commit suicide. Even they were a little surprised.

Powerful, it was simply too powerful!

All the forces looked at the He clan with some sympathy.

“Lord Supreme sect leader, this matter has nothing to do with our he yuan. Why... . . Can Supreme sect leader Give our Yuan ‘er a way out!”

The He clan elder’s expression changed drastically as he begged the supreme sect leader for mercy.

“Do you want our only sect to help?”

The supreme sect leader swept a cold glance over.

Everyone from the He clan trembled. He Yuan stood there and slowly closed his eyes.

“To dare to kill a disciple of our sect, this is only the beginning. After today, I will personally head to the Liuhai Region!”

“Do you feel some regret?”

The supreme headmaster looked at Wang Xian indifferently and said expressionlessly.

“Hehe, Jian ‘er, I will lift your head. Look, this is the outcome of going against our sect!”

Ao Tian took off Ling Jian ‘ER’s head with a smile and said with a smile.

Ling Jian ‘er looked at Wang Xian who was in front of her. Tears were glistening in her eyes.

“Then let our sect grant you death!”

The supreme headmaster ordered indifferently when he saw the humiliation on the faces of the He clansmen.

“It’s the Supreme Headmaster!”

A middle-aged man immediately cupped his hands and replied.

“Those who offend our sect will be executed by nine clans!”

The middle-aged man shouted and arrogantly looked down on the He clan’s people as he slowly walked over.

His speed was not very fast, but every step he took gave the He clan’s people a huge pressure.

The He clan’s experts clenched their fists, their eyes filled with anger.

“Sigh!”

The leader of the He clan, the He clan’s leader, powerlessly closed his eyes and waved his hand behind him.

They couldn’t fight back. They didn’t have the right to fight back.

Once they made a move, all of them would die. In the future, the He clan could only hide in the position of the holy tree.

Powerless!

“As expected of the solipsistic sect. They are very overbearing and crazy!”

Wang Xian opened his eyes slowly. He could feel the fresh blood in his body burning and boiling. The medicinal effect was slowly starting to take effect.

Once he consumed the violent blood pill, even if he didn’t make a move, more than half of his flesh and blood would disappear over time.

Once he made a move, he would almost certainly die!

“In heaven and earth, only I am the Supreme!”

Ao Tian stared at Wang Xian with a wild expression and said coldly.

“In heaven and earth, only I am the Supreme!”

All the disciples of the solitaire sect in the surroundings shouted with excitement.

This was the strength and tyranny of their sect.

They dared to kill our brothers and sisters and exterminate their entire clan!

So what if they were from the He clan?

So what if they were Sky Devils?

They were just lambs waiting to be slaughtered!

“Die, Stupid Thing!”

At this time, the middle-aged man of the Solitaire sect who was walking towards the He clan waved out a wind blade arrogantly.

A simple wind blade was not very strong, but it was enough to kill a third or fourth level void interpretation expert.

He knew that even if it was a simple attack, the eighth level insightful void martial artist beside he yuan would not dare to stop it.

“Young master Wang!”

When he suiqing saw this scene, he shouted at Wang Xian in a daze.

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian moved. With a flash, he appeared in front of the wind blade.

When the wind blade landed in front of him, it dissipated immediately.

“Explode!”

He shouted softly. The middle-aged man’s body exploded instantly. Fresh blood splattered in a 20-meter radius.

“Deacon Liu!”

“What? What a fast speed!”

“It’s said that the sky demon once single-handedly blocked three level eight Seethrough void martial artists. This... What terrifying strength. He killed a deacon of the Solitaire sect right in front of the Supreme Headmaster!”

When the body of the middle-aged man from the lone sect exploded, everyone had shocked expressions on their faces.

The Supreme Leader was also slightly stunned. A hint of embarrassment flashed across his eyes.

He had underestimated the strength of the Sky Demon!

“I’m sorry, brother he yuan. I’ve implicated you!”

Wang Xian stood in front of He Yuan and turned his head to speak plainly to him.

“We’re all Brothers!”

He Yuan forced a bitter smile at Wang Xian, but he replied in a carefree manner.

“You are very good!”

The supreme headmaster pointed his finger in the air. Streams of terrifying wind attribute gathered instantly.

Crack Crack Crack

A wind prison directly trapped Wang Xian.

Wang Xian looked at it indifferently and didn’t move.

However, the hostility in his eyes grew stronger and stronger.

“Hiss, the supreme headmaster has made his move!”

“He pointed his finger at the void and trapped the Sky Devil. The Sky Devil didn’t even have time to react!”

“No matter what, the Sky Devil will die in the place of the Supreme Headmaster!”

Everyone was shocked when they saw the supreme headmaster making his move. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Very good, kill that woman as well!”

The supreme headmaster spoke again and glanced at he suiqing who was beside he yuan.

Whoever was related to the sky demon would die!

“What? The miss of the He Suizu clan was also sentenced to death!”

“This is simply the death of whoever opens his mouth. The supreme headmaster is too overbearing!”

All the forces were shocked again, and the faces of all the He Suizu clan members turned ugly.

But there was still no way!

In this sky and this land, only the supreme headmaster of the He Suizu clan was supreme!