Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1607: 1607

“Oh no!”

Patriarch Fengchi felt the energy that was confined around him, and a hint of fear appeared on his face.

“Annihilate!”

Wang Xian seized the opportunity and opened his mouth. A river of annihilation headed straight for Patriarch Fengchi.

“AH, universe wind, wind shield, wind wall, traceless wind!”

Seeing the terrifying energy sweeping towards him, Patriarch Fengchi’s expression changed drastically. Waves of powerful defenses appeared directly in front of him.

“Go to Hell!”

The Supreme Headmaster’s face changed drastically when he saw Wang Xian using all his strength to attack elder Fengchi. He raised the wind attribute staff in his hand.

A wind spear that was 20 meters thick appeared in the sky above him. Both of his hands attacked Wang Xian.

“PFFT! PFFT! PFFT! PFFT!”

“PFFT! PFFT! PFFT!”

The river of annihilation swept onto elder Fengchi’s body. The wind attribute defense collapsed rapidly. Elder Fengchi spat out blood and resisted desperately.

The 20-meter thick spear landed on Wang Xian’s body and penetrated a thousand meters deep into his body.

Fresh blood splattered in all directions as intense pain spread throughout his entire body.

However, due to Wang Xian’s terrifying body size, his injuries were not fatal.

Wang Xian endured the intense pain in his body and charged straight at Patriarch Fengchi.

Boom

The tremendous energy coupled with his terrifying body sent Patriarch Fengchi flying. One of his arms turned into a bloody mist after the collision.

“Hiss, as expected, the sky demon must have consumed a forbidden pill or used a forbidden spell. However, under the desperate situation of the Sky Demon, one of them might die!”

“This is a life-or-death situation. It’s really possible that one of them might be taken away!”

Everyone around was extremely shocked when they saw how Wang Xian was fighting for his life.

The risk of a level nine seeping void martial artist was extremely terrifying.

“If this goes on, I might die even if I can kill the Sky Demon!”

Patriarch Fengchi’s expression changed drastically when he saw Wang Xian’s crazed look.

The Supreme Headmaster’s expression didn’t look good either. He looked to the side and saw Nangong Jianghe and Mo sha fighting each other.

Although Nangong Jianghe was at a disadvantage, his life wasn’t in danger.

It was impossible for him to help them.

“If another expert of the southern royal family at level nine of the Seethrough void tier arrives, he can definitely kill the sky demon quickly!”

The supreme headmaster growled with an extremely embarrassed expression.

On the other hand, Patriarch Fengchi was dodging Wang Xian’s attack in fear.

The mountains of the lone sect collapsed one by one with a deafening sound. Half of the 108 mountains had collapsed.

“It’s time to go to the Solitaire sect. Once I get those life stones from the solitaire sect, Little Blue’s strength will be greatly improved!”

At this moment, in a barren sea covered by black clouds, a woman with a beautiful figure like a goddess stood on the sea surface, emitting a mysterious energy.

Her beautiful eyes looked ahead as she murmured.

“Xiao Lan, it’s time for us to leave!”

She said softly. A pleasant voice sounded in the dark sea.

Gulp! Gulp! Gulp

As soon as her voice faded, an incomparably huge figure slowly appeared on the surface of the sea.

The figure was over 10,000 meters long. However, its width was also a terrifying 2,000 meters.

Compared to Wang Xian’s dragon head and body, which was 500 to 600 meters wide, this huge beast which was 2,000 meters wide looked even more terrifying.

A special energy was emitted from its body. It was a grayish body shape.

From Afar, it looked like a planet that contained a terrifying energy.

It emerged from the bottom of the sea and slowly opened its huge mouth.

A huge abyss mouth that looked like a black hole appeared. It was so deep that one could not see the bottom.

Even an expert at the insightful void tier would be terrified when they saw this scene.

The huge mouth slowly enveloped the woman. An incomparably huge black hole door suddenly appeared in front of her.

At this moment, in the sky over 10,000 kilometers away, a huge abyss mouth with a circumference of 3,000 meters appeared out of thin air in the sky.

An incomparably huge figure directly blocked half of the sky.

The huge beast appeared. It opened its huge mouth. In the center of the huge mouth, there was an incomparably mysterious woman floating.

In less than ten seconds, another black hole appeared in front of the giant beast.

The giant beast entered the black hole and slowly disappeared.

Every ten seconds, it would travel over 10,000 kilometers.

How terrifying!

How terrifying!

“Boom Boom Boom!”

At the position of the lone sect, the terrifying battle continued.

The towering and magnificent main peak of the lone sect collapsed under the collision of Wang Xian.

The entire solitaire sect was in a mess. It would take hundreds or even thousands of years for it to recover.

“Why isn’t He Dead Yet? Why isn’t He Dead Yet? His body size has clearly decreased to around 7,000 meters!”

The supreme chief and Patriarch Fengchi looked extremely embarrassed.

The body size of the sky demon had decreased from over 10,000 meters to around 7,000 meters. However, his destructive power was still extremely terrifying.

After ten minutes of fighting, Patriarch Fengchi’s body was covered in injuries. Not only did one of his arms disappear, even his chest had collapsed.

“If nothing goes wrong, the Skyfiend will die, but Patriarch Fengchi will also be dragged down the abyss by the Skyfiend!”

In the distance, all the factions in the vast region were watching this terrifying battle in utter shock.

This battle was destined to shake the entire vast region. The Sky Devil would definitely die, but the ancestor of the solecism sect would also die.

Weng

At this moment, a huge black hole suddenly appeared in the sky.

A barbaric aura directly came from within.

The sudden change in the sky and that terrifying aura caused everyone’s bodies to tremble.

Even Mo sha and Nangong Jianghe were shocked. They stopped fighting and looked at the sky.

“The mistress of the Savage Sea Is Here!”

The supreme headmaster and elder Fengchi, who were hiding, moved when they saw the familiar black hole in the sky.

Their faces were filled with excitement as they stared at the black hole.

“Huh?”

A familiar aura came rushing over and caused Wang Xian to stop moving.

He looked at the black hole that had suddenly appeared in the sky and his eyes were sparkling!

“Woo!”

A joyful voice was heard from within the black hole.

The voice instantly resonated throughout the entire world.

An incomparably huge grey head slowly emerged from the black hole.

The head opened its mouth that seemed to be able to swallow a mountain. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In the center of the mouth, there was a woman floating.

“It’s the desolation goddess, the Desolation Goddess and her huge beast!”

“My God, the Desolation Goddess is here, she’s actually here!”

“In the beginning, the supreme headmaster once said that the desolation goddess would come, but I didn’t expect that she would really come now!”

“Oh my God, this is too terrifying. She came out of the void directly. This...”

Sounds of shock came from everyone’s mouth. The entire world was focused on the mysterious and powerful goddess of desolation.

“Hahaha, hahaha, goddess of desolation, you are here. Help us kill this heavily injured Sky Demon. All the life stones of our sect will be given to you immediately!”

“Furthermore, we promise that we will gather the strength of the entire sect to search for the life stones for the goddess of desolation in the future!”

The Supreme Hierarch’s excited voice sounded.

Patriarch Fengchi looked over and heaved a heavy sigh of relief.

With the arrival of the goddess of desolation, they would be saved.

With the giant beast of the goddess of desolation, she could completely deal with the heavily injured skyfiend!