Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1614: Earth underwent a huge change in 1614

Earth!

Ever since the supernatural continent was connected to earth and the spiritual energy entered the earth.

The entire Earth underwent a huge change.

This change was known as the spiritual energy recovery.

After the spiritual energy recovery, the entire earth entered an era of cultivation. Powerful forces and martial arts schools rose one after another.

The gods in the west and the immortals in the east ruled the entire Earth.

However, while the spiritual energy was recovering, the master of the ocean, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, suppressed the world for an entire lifetime, annihilated the strongest person on Earth, and ascended to the highest position.

During those years, the entire Earth revered the Dragon Palace and the Dragon King as the emperor.

All the major forces submitted, and all the powerful people bent their knees.

After the Dragon King’s sister got married, the entire Dragon Palace and the Dragon King completely went into hiding.

In the next few years, there were no more stories about the Dragon King and the Dragon Palace.

The abundance of spiritual energy caused great changes to occur on earth every day. Martial arts improved by leaps and bounds, and everyone practiced martial arts.

Even in the next few years, everyone on Earth was shocked to find that the earth was slowly growing larger.

Some people guessed that this was because the earth had absorbed spiritual energy and was slowly growing and evolving.

In the past month, the entire earth had undergone the most shocking change in history.

In the Eastern Sky, a sky city that was over 10,000 kilometers long appeared. It was called the Lingxiao Palace, also known as the Heavenly Court!

It had the same name as the Lingxiao Palace and the heavenly court in Chinese mythology, but it was completely different.

The sudden appearance of a sky city that was over 10,000 kilometers long shook the entire world.

“You are a heaven’s favorite, so why don’t you ride the wind to the nine heavens? The Lingxiao Palace will descend to Earth, and the Heavenly Court will open wide to recruit disciples!”

“Those who enter the heavenly court will be ranked on the god-ascension list, and everyone will be able to become a god!”

A voice suddenly resounded throughout the entire earth, and everyone revealed shocked expressions.

“Oh my God, what is this? has the mythological era arrived? What a terrifying sky city. The Lingxiao Palace? The Heavenly Court?”

“What is this situation? What force is this? Why does it give me a suffocating feeling?”

“Hiss, the Lingxiao Palace? The Heavenly Court? Is it as powerful as the Dragon Palace? Is it as powerful as the Dragon King?”

“The Dragon King can’t even be compared to it, right? This aura is too terrifying. Oh My God, a city tens of thousands of kilometers in the sky? Is this the real God?”

Everyone on Earth and the entire eastern continent raised their heads in shock and looked up.

“What a terrifying aura. Even master doesn’t have such an aura. Earth has undergone a huge change. I wonder where Master Is?”

The strongest person in the Yellow Heaven Immortal sect, the number one immortal sect on Earth, looked up at the heavenly court and muttered.

“The holy church will envelop the world and divine light will descend. The light of the god of light will envelop the world!”

“The holy church will recruit disciples. Those who join our holy church will obtain eternal life!”

After the voice from the Soaring Heavens Palace sounded, a huge mountain of light appeared in the sky in the west.

A voice filled with divine light resounded throughout the Western world.

The voice spread throughout the earth and the world was once again shocked.

“The Fire God Palace, the fire of the equator. All living beings, ignite the divine fire and attain the divine position. If you want to become a god, join our fire God Palace!”

Above the equator, a group of palaces appeared under the brilliant sun. A palace emitting a divine flame descended!

The voice also resounded throughout the entire earth. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Haha!”

However, this was not the end. A wild voice resounded throughout the entire Earth.

“The five lakes and four seas are all the land of the sea god. What Dragon King, What Dragon Palace? In front of me, they are nothing but ants!”

An arrogant voice echoed across the entire earth.

At this moment, a burly man was floating in the sky above the ocean.

Behind him, there was a huge ocean. Countless people stood proudly in the ocean and looked at their God with respect.

“Such trash dares to call himself the master of the ocean, the Dragon King of the Dragon Palace? Haha, Kill Him!”

The burly middle-aged man held the trident in his hand and stared at the bottom of the ocean with his blue eyes.

At the bottom of the ocean, a level-one dragon palace that occupied a ten-kilometer radius was lying there quietly.

In the Dragon Palace, the civil officials and some members who had entered the Dragon Palace looked at the sky in shock.

The burly middle-aged man lightly moved the Trident in his hand, and the trident that covered a twenty-kilometer radius directly attacked the bottom of the ocean.

Boom

A terrifying explosion sounded, and the entire earth seemed to tremble.

“Haha, What Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, casually wiped out!”

The burly middle-aged man laughed and looked down at the entire ocean.

“I am the sea god, a cultivator of the water element. I can pass the test and join My Divine Sea!”

One voice after another spread across the entire earth.

When everyone on Earth heard the Sea God’s words, their faces were filled with shock.

“What? The Dragon King of the Dragon Palace was destroyed by the Sea God!”

“That terrifying attack spread across tens of thousands of kilometers. Oh My God, the Dragon Palace seemed to be destroyed by the sea god’s Attack!”

“This is the true God. The Dragon King is simply worlds apart from him!”

“Why did so many terrifying forces descend on earth? Could it be because of the recovery of spiritual energy? Next, Earth will enter the mythical generation?”

“Everyone can become a god? I want to join the Heavenly Court and enter the god Ascension List!”

“Become a god and live forever. Haha, Our Opportunity Has Come. I want to join a powerful force and become an invincible God!”

Countless people on Earth were talking about it. Everyone’s eyes were filled with shock and strong desire.

In just a short day, the entire earth had undergone terrifying changes.

The Dragon Palace had been destroyed, and the Dragon King was suspected to have been destroyed!

One by one, forces capable of transcending the universe had descended upon earth!

Earth had begun to enter the mythical era.

An era where everyone could become a god.

“Ding! Earth’s first-class Dragon Palace has been destroyed. All the members of the Dragon Palace have died!”

In the Dragon Palace in the Liuhai region, Wang Xian, who was completely fusing with the heart of light and darkness, suddenly heard a voice from the system.

“Eh? What’s going on? How could the Dragon Palace on Earth be destroyed?”

Wang Xian was shocked.

After the Dragon Palace was relocated to the transcendence continent, the system left behind a level one dragon palace on Earth.

Although the level one dragon palace was low, there were more than a dozen experts left in the Dragon Palace.

These experts were almost invincible existences on Earth. How could the Dragon Palace be destroyed now?

“Did something happen on earth? Forget it. I’ll return to Earth to take a look after i settle the extraordinary continent!”

Wang Xian thought to himself.

There were too few resources on Earth. With the current strength of the Dragon Palace, returning to Earth would restrict their development.

He would prepare to return to Earth after dominating the entire extraordinary continent.

After all, Earth was Wang Xian’s home.

“I wonder which reckless force dared to destroy the Dragon Palace!”

Wang Xian mumbled. Very soon, he continued to immerse himself in the heart of Light and darkness.