Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1615: The War of 1615 was about to begin

Currently, Wang Xian was in the stage of resurrection. According to his estimation, it would take him at least one year to resurrect.

During this one year, he couldn’t do anything.

Therefore, even if the Dragon Palace on Earth was destroyed, he couldn’t do anything about it.

“Everyone, get ready to head to the vast region!”

Outside the Dragon Palace, there was once a demi-human cemetery. Now, it was the capital of the dragon-phoenix Empire.

Feng Luan floated in the sky and looked down.

100,000 people lined up neatly.

Among them, there were more than 1,000 experts at the profound void realm.

“Mount the Giant Kun!”

“Wu Wu!”

A sky-shaking whistle sounded. At the seaside, Xiao Lan’s enormous body slowly flew over.

“Hiss...”

Everyone in the dragon-phoenix Imperial City, including the soldiers and generals who were ready to follow the empress to fight in the vast area, were shocked.

“Is this the power of the Dragon Palace?”

“This giant beast is the pet of one of the Dragon King’s wives!”

“It’s too terrifying. My legs are trembling!”

Everyone in the dragon-phoenix Imperial City looked at the sky in shock.

Over 4,000 members of the Dragon Palace were standing on top of the 10,000-meter-long body of little blue.

Leading them were Lan Qingyue, Guan Shuqing, and the other girls. Apart from them, Prime Minister Gui had also made an appearance.

Behind them was Ao Qitian, who was holding the golden ocean-pacifying needle in his hand and had a furious expression on his face

Ao Jian, who held a golden longsword in his hand and had an emotionless gaze.

Mou Zesen, who held a longbow in his hand and had long and elegant arms.

Duan Jinming, the current leader of the Fire Hammer clan, and Ba Qi from the special department of the Poison Making Department.

Every leader and every member of the Combat Department rode a flaming Phoenix Dragon with wings.

It was majestic and powerful.

It was an invincible army!

This time, the Dragon Palace sent three-fifths of their forces to the vast area.

“Go, Fly Up!”

All the soldiers and generals of the dragon-phoenix Empire looked up at little blue and flew over immediately.

Seeing the powerful aura of the members of the Dragon Palace from Little Blue, all of them looked reverent.

“The Dragon Palace is much more powerful than the dragon-phoenix Empire. The Dragon Palace is the main force in the vast area this time!”

“I thought that the gap between us and the Dragon Palace wasn’t too big. Now it seems that the gap is too big. Fortunately, the Dragon King has a good relationship with our Phoenix Emperor!”

The important ministers of the dragon-phoenix Empire glanced at the members of the Dragon Palace and said in a low voice.

“Qingyue, let’s Go!”

Feng Luan nodded at Lan Qingyue and said.

“Okay!”

Lan qingyue nodded and said to little blue.

“Wuuu!”

With a whistle, little blue carried hundreds of thousands of people and flew toward the vast area.

With a body of 10,000 meters, hundreds of thousands of people didn’t feel crowded at all.

Because it carried hundreds of thousands of people, little blue couldn’t use the black hole method to move quickly.

But even so, with little blue’s speed, it was still very terrifying.

“We want the flag of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire to be planted at the top of the vast area!”

At the front of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, General Mang Hong waved the huge flag of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire in the sky.

He roared with excitement.

“Plant it at the top of the vast region!”

The soldiers of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire roared with battle intent.

Feng Luan smiled when she heard their roars.

It had been more than five years since she was resurrected here. After she met Wang Xian three years ago, the empire that belonged to her had been developing rapidly.

In the past, he had wanted to complete his revenge within a few thousand years. Now, it seemed that it wouldn’t take long.

On this journey, once she conquered the vast region, she would be able to establish the sixth great empire in the vast continent.

The dragon-phoenix Empire!

“Although I have your help, I, Feng Luan, will not drag you back!”

Feng Luan looked ahead with a strong sense of confidence in her eyes.

“Wu Wu!”

Xiao Lan, with a body of ten thousand meters, roamed the sky. Within a hundred kilometer radius, all the demon beasts and fierce beasts retreated.

In the entire transcendent continent, Demon Beasts and fierce beasts above the longevity realm were extremely rare.

In the entire empire, experts at the longevity realm were also considered as country-guarding experts.

In the previous Phoenix dynasty, there were only five experts at the longevity realm.

Perhaps the dragon race had the highest number of experts at the longevity realm. As for how many longevity experts the dragon race had, that was unknown.

That was because no one in the transcendental continent knew how strong the dragon race was.

When it came to the dragon race, there were only two words: Invincible!

To the entire dragon race, the Drakonid Empire could only be considered a little brother.

One could imagine how powerful the dragon race was.

“This is all the information in the vast region. Our Dragon King has a good relationship with the he race. Once we gain a foothold, we can build a good relationship with the he race!”

“Our relationship with the Wuji Empire is also quite good. However, if the dragon-phoenix Empire wants to unify in the future, the Wuji Empire will have to submit to us. They might be our enemies!”

“In addition, the ruins of the divine kingdom are a treasure ground in the vast region. It is rumored that if someone can control the ruins of the divine kingdom, they can unify the vast region and build an empire.”

“But in the ruins of the divine kingdom, there were countless experts from the empire, and even longevity experts, who came without success!”

On Xiao Lan’s body, Prime Minister Gui and Feng Luan exchanged the information they had obtained and said.

“Right now, our first priority is to control the ice heart empire’s imperial city and subdue all the cities in the Ice Heart Imperial City!”

Feng Luan nodded and said.

“Yes, the development of our Dragon Palace requires a large amount of resources, so I will send people into the forest of the Divine Kingdom!”

Prime Minister Gui and Feng Luan began to discuss the development of the divine kingdom.

Xiao Lan flew quickly. Originally, it would take a few days for Wang Xian to cross the north flowing sea. Now, with Xiao Lan’s speed, they arrived at the edge of the vast region in less than a day.

“My God, what is that gigantic beast? This... it even covered the sky!”

“This is the gigantic beast of the wilderness goddess. It’s the gigantic beast of the wilderness goddess, the wife of the Sky Demon!”

“Look, there seem to be many people on that gigantic beast. There’s even a gigantic flag!”

“What’s going on? The wilderness goddess brought people to the vast area. Could it be that she’s here to take revenge on the lone sect?”

When Xiao Lan entered the vast area, many people in the city below recognized the terrifying giant beast at a glance.

When they saw the people standing on top of the giant beast, shock and horror appeared on their faces.

The world-shaking battle two months ago had already spread throughout the vast area.

The edge of the vast area was the last to know.

When they heard the news here, they were all extremely shocked.

That was because, according to their understanding, the Sky Demon was the expert who destroyed Atlas sect and founded the heartless sword path sect.

Recently, everyone was talking about the Sky Demon. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

During that world-shaking battle, the appearance of the wilderness goddess determined the defeat of Solipsistic sect and the southern Royal Family!

Now, the Wilderness Goddess had appeared once again!