Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1616: The War of 1616 was about to begin

The giant beast covered the sky and the Sun.

When Xiao Lan carried the members of the Dragon Palace and the people of the dragon-phoenix Empire in the sky above the vast area, she instantly attracted the attention of everyone in the city below.

Her 10,000-meter-long body and 10-kilometer-long body were still extremely eye-catching even though she was flying at a height of 10,000 meters.

In addition to the world-shaking battle two months ago, the sky demon and Patriarch Feng Chi, two level 9 insightful void realm experts, had fallen.

Everyone had a deeper understanding of the wilderness goddess.

Now that the giant beast was in the sky, everyone who saw it quickly recognized that it was the wilderness goddess.

“The giant beast must have flown over from the flowing sea region. What is it doing carrying so many people? Is it taking revenge on the lone sect?”

Everyone recalled that the wilderness goddess had once said that she would come back to take revenge. Was it about to start now?

“If she really came to take revenge, then our sect might be in deep trouble!”

Some factions raised their heads and looked at the gigantic beast as it passed by at a terrifying speed.

After that unprecedented battle, the reputation of our sect had fallen to its lowest point.

Now, the arrival of the wilderness goddess signified the start of the war.

The entire vast region would probably fall into chaos.

Xiao Lan flew at high speed. Soon, the news of the wilderness goddess’high-profile return spread throughout the vast region.

“Your Majesty, all the cities of the Bingxin dynasty have been recovered. In three days, all the city lords will rush over to pay their respects!”

“Those arrogant brats, under the intimidation of the patriarch, will immediately flee!”

At this moment, within the imperial city of the Bingxin dynasty, the city walls that had been breached had been completely repaired.

The glorious and huge imperial palace had not been affected by the war that destroyed the country.

Although the imperial palace was slightly depressed, there were still over 10,000 people in the entire imperial palace.

In the Imperial Palace, Bing Fa Wu sat on the dragon throne and listened to the reports from below. A faint smile appeared on his face.

“Dear ministers, with the patriarch here, our Bingxin dynasty will definitely rebuild its glory!”

He looked down at everyone in front of him arrogantly and said in a deep voice.

“It’s His Majesty. We believe that the Bingxin dynasty will definitely recover its glory under His Majesty’s Wise and divine martial arts!”

All the ministers immediately flattered him.

“Let’s withdraw from the Court!”

Bing Jing Huan waved his hand and directly walked to the back.

The destruction of the Bingxin dynasty had almost wiped out all the disciples of the royal family and the ice clan.

However, the Iceheart dynasty still had two bloodlines. One was Bing FA Wu, and the other was Bing Jing Huan.

“Although the Iceheart dynasty is not as glorious as it used to be, my position is above all others!”

Bing Jing Huan was wearing a yellow robe and a crown. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly.

The destruction of the Iceheart dynasty had dealt a huge blow to him.

Especially that unprecedented battle, it had made him feel extremely embarrassed and hopeless.

Fortunately, the sky demon fell in the end.

The lone sect had almost been reduced to ruins. The promise to help them restore their country had long been forgotten.

Fortunately, there was still an ancestor.

The ancestor at the eighth rank of the void interpretation realm led him back to the Iceheart dynasty unwillingly.

With the strength of the eighth rank of the void interpretation realm, one person could suppress a hundred thousand kilometers.

Without the Sky Demon, it would not be too difficult to regain control of the Iceheart dynasty.

Although the members of the imperial family of the ice clan were almost extinct, the imperial city was still there, and some of its foundations were still there.

“Hehe, the ancestor ordered people to recruit thousands of beautiful women into the Imperial Palace, and asked me to spread the branches and leaves of the ice clan. Next, the task is quite heavy!”

Bing Jing Huan muttered, his eyes filled with excitement.

He was the only young disciple of the ice clan, and the throne was his, so he was the only one who could spread the branches and leaves.

There were thousands of beautiful women. Even when he was a prince, he didn’t have the right to directly recruit thousands of women for him to play with.

Thinking of this, he felt that it wasn’t a bad thing that the other members of the ice clan were exterminated.

“Eh, why is the Sky Getting Dark?”

Just as Bing Jing Huan walked out of the palace, he suddenly felt that the entire sky had become dark.

He raised his head and looked up at the sky. His eyes instantly widened, and a look of panic appeared in his eyes.

At the same time, in a palace in the imperial palace, Bing Fa Wu’s expression changed drastically as he flew out and looked up at the giant beast in the sky.

He clenched his fists tightly, and a look of despair appeared in his eyes.

“Below is the Ice Heart Imperial City, located in the center of the Ice Heart Lake!”

A civil official of the Dragon Palace said to Prime Minister Gui, Feng Luan, and the rest.

“HMM? It’s well organized below. Looks like someone is already managing this place!”

“The imperial palace is operating. Someone should be occupying it. There’s an expert at the eighth level of the Seethrough Void Tier!”

Feng Luan looked down, and her fiery red eyes swept across the entire city. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“The flag of the Iceheart Empire hasn’t changed. If I’m not wrong, it should be the ninth prince and the Patriarch of the Iceheart Empire!”

The civil official who followed Wang Xian to the vast region said from the side.

“Everything is because of them. If it was not for them, Little Xian would not have fallen!”

A hint of killing intent flashed in Lan Qingyue’s eyes.

“Leave it to us!”

“Buzz Buzz Buzz!”

“Everyone in the city below listen up. Today, the Dragon and Phoenix Empire has occupied the city. The city has been renamed the Dragon and Phoenix Imperial City!”

“All those who refuse to obey will be killed!”

A cold voice sounded from the dragon-phoenix Empire’s general.

The voice covered the entire ice heart imperial city.

Ten soldiers flew down from Little Blue’s body.

All the members of the Dragon Palace also rode on the Fire Phoenix Dragon Seed and looked down at the entire city.

“You’re the ancestor of the Ice Heart Empire, aren’t you? You caused our Dragon King to lose his body. Today, I’ll sentence you to death!”

Lan qingyue stared at Bing Fawu in the imperial palace and said with a cold expression.

“Hiss, as expected, it is indeed the wilderness goddess!”

“What is the dragon-phoenix dynasty? Was it the power of the Sky Demon?”

“The wilderness goddess has returned once again. She is taking over our Bingxin Imperial City!”

“Kneel down, hurry up and kneel down. The Real Emperor is coming!”

At this moment, in the Bingxin Imperial City, when little blue arrived in the sky, everyone in the entire city looked up in shock.

When they heard these voices, they were completely certain.

The arrival of the wilderness goddess wasn’t just that. It was very likely that the Sky Devil’s forces had arrived as well.

They took over the Ice Heart Imperial City and changed it to the Dragon and Phoenix Imperial City.

They would also welcome the new king.

Feeling the terrifying auras in the sky, the citizens of the Ice Heart Imperial City who had already been defeated once no longer had any fighting spirit.

Some people even directly knelt on the ground.

They knew that this time, the Iceheart Empire would completely cease to exist.

“Goddess of the wildlands, why, why...”

Bing FA Wu’s gaze stared at Lan Qingyue in the sky. His breathing was somewhat hurried, and his expression was incomparably malevolent.

“Flee!”

His blood-red eyes fiercely swept over, and his body moved as he directly fled into the distance.

Many people noticed that the old ancestor of the Iceheart dynasty was fleeing for his life.

“PFFT!”

However, the moment Bing Fawu flew into the sky, his head flew away.

“You’ve injured our Dragon King. Do you think you can survive?”

Before he died, a cold voice entered his mind.

In the imperial palace, Bing Jinghuan, who had witnessed the scene with his own eyes, collapsed to the ground.