Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1617: At the beginning of the War of 1617

“The last patriarch of the Bingxin dynasty is dead!”

“With the death of Patriarch Bingfa, Bingjing Huan is the only royal family in the Bingxin dynasty. He is not qualified to be the emperor with his level-two profound void martial stage strength!”

“Bingjing Huan is probably going to be killed, too. The Bingxin dynasty is going to become the territory of the dragon and Phoenix Dynasty!”

In the Bingxin Imperial City, everyone looked terrified when they saw the flying head.

It was Ao Yao who had attacked. Originally, ao Yao’s strength was only at the fifth level of the profound void martial stage. Before this expedition, the Dragon Palace had taken out the resources they had accumulated, increasing ao Yao’s strength by one level.

Now, Ao Yao could completely assassinate an expert at the eighth level of the profound void martial stage.

“This time, the sky is going to change completely. Go and capture Bing Jinghuan and send him to the goddess of the Wildlands!”

In the imperial palace, the important ministers who had just come out of the imperial court had uncertain expressions when they saw this scene. An old man immediately said.

“Yes!”

A few generals at the side hesitated for a moment before immediately nodding and flying in the direction of Bing Jinghuan.

They captured Bing Jinghuan and surrendered to the new king.

“The Bingxin Imperial city has completely become the dragon and Phoenix Imperial City. If anyone resists, kill them without mercy!”

In the sky, Feng Luan’s gaze swept across the people who were slowly kneeling on the ground as she coldly shouted.

Because the bingxin imperial city had already been broken through once, the subjugation this time was exceptionally smooth.

Not a single citizen resisted at all.

When Feng Luan, Lan Qingyue, and the others landed in the imperial palace, all the ministers of the Imperial Palace grabbed Bing Jinghuan and came forward to submit.

“Bring all the information about the Iceheart dynasty over and bring us to the main palace!”

Feng Luan directly instructed them.

All the soldiers and generals of the dragon and Phoenix dynasty quickly spread throughout the entire iceheart imperial city, guarding every place.

The members of the Dragon Palace spread throughout the imperial palace.

In less than a day, the entire iceheart imperial city completely disappeared from history and was replaced by the Dragon and Phoenix dynasty.

In the next few days, Feng Luan started to reclaim all the cities of the Iceheart Empire.

The entire iceheart empire spanned 70,000 kilometers and had a population of several billion. It had over 300 cities.

Unlike the flowing sea region, which had a larger area, the vast wilderness was much safer.

The density of the cities was also much denser than the flowing sea region. Furthermore, any city was comparable to the imperial cities of the previous dynasties in the flowing sea region.

The Dragon and Phoenix Empire completely took over the Iceheart Empire, which was equivalent to almost doubling its expansion.

“How is the Dragon Palace going to develop next?”

In the imperial study of the imperial palace, Feng Luan looked at Prime Minister Lan Qingyue, Guan Shuqing, and the others and asked directly.

“We have already made plans. Ao Qitian will lead a thousand members of the Demon War Department to the Divine Kingdom Forest to hunt fierce beasts and Demon Beasts in the divine kingdom forest in search of resources.”

“Ao Yao will lead 500 strange demons of the dragon Spike Division to establish the Dragon Assassin organization again!”

“Ao Jian will lead 500 golden swordfish to establish the Heartless Sword Dao sect in this area!”

“As for Ao Xingmu and Mu Zesen, they will help the dragon and Phoenix Empire Guard the Empire. What do you think, Phoenix Emperor?”

Prime Minister Gui asked Feng Luan.

“Okay, sure. But it’s best not to let others think that the dragon assassin organization is related to AO qitian and the Dragon and Phoenix Empire. Otherwise, there might be some trouble!”

Feng Luan nodded and continued.

“Don’t worry, Emperor Feng. The Dragon Assassin Organization doesn’t even know that the people of the Dragon Phoenix Empire are from our Dragon Palace. When they come here, no one will know!”

“As for AO qitian and the others, they only live in the forest of the divine kingdom and deal with fierce beasts and Demonic Beasts!”

Prime Minister Gui shook his head.

“Well, when the Dragon Phoenix Empire is completely stabilized, we can then find trouble with the solipsistic sect and the southern Royal Family!”

The corners of Feng Luan’s mouth curled up slightly as she said coldly.

“The most important thing now is resources. As long as we have enough resources, our Dragon Palace can develop quickly!”

Prime Minister Gui said to Feng Luan.

“Resources? If you want to obtain a large number of resources, other than hunting fierce beasts and demonic beasts, you will also have a monopoly on pills and weapons just like the Liuhai Region!”

“The demand for pills and weapons in the hundreds of cities in the dragon-phoenix Empire’s territory is comparable to the entire flowing sea region!”

Feng Luan pondered.

She had gained a great understanding of the Dragon Palace during this period of time.

The current Dragon Palace only relied on the weapons business in the flowing sea region. One day of resources could allow two to three members to break through to the profound void realm.

If they monopolized weapons in the vast area, they could raise at least two members of the Dragon Palace from rank one to rank two of the profound void realm.

Reaching rank two was the battle strength of rank three of the profound void realm.

Even if they had two in one day, they could accumulate more than seven hundred in one year. This increase in strength could already be said to be very terrifying.

“The Dragon Palace monopolizes the medicinal pills, and the dragon and Phoenix Empire monopolizes the medicinal pills. If I take out all these medicinal pill resources, I can definitely raise the Dragon Palace’s battle with the Dragon and Phoenix Empire to a higher level!”

“However, the vast region is a huge region after all. The main businesses of the life and Death Pill Workshop and the Holy Item Forging workshop are located in such a huge region. Once they monopolize the business, those two big forces...”

Feng Luan kept thinking in her heart. Soon, her gaze became firm. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Carry out my method with Wang Xian and monopolize the medicinal pills and weapons. Next, I will order all cities to only allow the purchase of our medicinal pills and weapons!”

Feng Luan looked at Prime Minister Gui and said, “Prime Minister Gui, get Duan Jinming and his fire hammer clan to make some preparations!”

“It’s emperor Feng. After everything is stabilized, it will be the time for us to declare war on lone sect!”

Prime Minister Gui nodded and said solemnly.

“Alright!”

Feng Luan stood up and said, “Two days later, I will make a trip to the He clan. Sister Qingyue, I will have to trouble you to take charge of this place!”

“Don’t worry, sister Feng Luan, leave this place to me!”

Lan qingyue nodded confidently.

“Okay, then our dragon-phoenix Empire and Dragon Palace will have a good fight with the big forces in the vast area!”

Feng Luan’s face was full of fighting spirit.

At this moment, the Ice Heart Empire was occupied by the forces led by the wilderness goddess, and the dragon-phoenix empire in the flowing sea region ruled over the Ice Heart Empire’s territory.

When this news spread throughout the vast region, all the forces were shocked.

Two months ago, the Sky Demon had fallen. Before the wilderness goddess left, she had said that she would come to take revenge not long after.

Now that the Dragon and Phoenix Empire had arrived, everyone could feel the intense smell of gunpowder and killing intent.

All the forces in the vast region could predict that the entire vast region would fall into complete chaos.

The war had begun!

No one knew how long this war would last or how many people would die!