Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1627: 1627 was the arrival of many strong people from the vast region

“Is the Liuhai region in front of us?”

Just as Wang Xian was immersed in the dragon pool, the three superpowers and a group of strong people from the vast region had arrived at the fringe of the Liuhai region after five days.

120,000 strong people were looking at the region in front of them with slight curiosity.

There were 60 to 70 places in the entire transcendental continent at the level of the flowing sea region. Compared to the vast area, it was a barren small place.

Many people had never come to the flowing sea region in their entire lives.

It was not because they disdained to come, but because it was very difficult for the weak to cross the north flowing sea.

“Let’s fly forward and find a city to ask for directions!”

The Supreme Hierarch’s cold gaze swept across his eyes. His eyes contained a faint killing intent.

The 120,000 people continued to fly forward.

Soon, a city appeared in their line of sight.

Compared to the vast area of the city, the city in front of them was undoubtedly much simpler.

“Humph, a small place like this can produce a power like the dragon and Phoenix Empire. It’s really rare!”

The two ancestors of the southern royal family stared at the city in front of them with disdain in their eyes.

“It’s not like you haven’t seen the power of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire before. You Can’t be careless!”

One of the ancestors of the Wuji Empire reminded the southern Royal Family and the solipsistic sect lightly.

“Didn’t your Wuji Empire confirm that the Dragon and Phoenix Empire only has two experts at the ninth level of the profound void tier? Since there are two of them, why should we be afraid!”

“With just the strength of Your Wuji Empire, you should be able to directly destroy them!”

The supreme headmaster glanced at the three ancestors of the Wuji Empire with an unpleasant expression and snorted softly.

Previously, the only sect and the southern royal family had thought that the dragon-phoenix Empire had three level nine profound void martial experts, so they had always been very afraid.

However, they didn’t expect that the Wuji Empire would tell them that there were only two.

This made them slightly angry. If they had known earlier, they would not have been so timid!

“Hehe, we only learned about it not too long ago!”

The Wuji Nation Master smiled. In terms of information, the Wuji Empire was the strongest.

However, they had only received this information after the dragon and Phoenix Empire had left.

Based on the information they had received, they could already confirm that the old man called Mo Sha had already left.

He didn’t belong to the Dragon and Phoenix Empire.

“Let’s go, I can’t help but want to start a massacre!”

Southern Emperor Jiang he said coldly as he flew towards the city in front of them.

“Boom!”

The Supreme Headmaster’s figure also moved and he immediately flew over. He was like a hurricane of over ten levels as he flew towards the city in front of him.

“City lord of this city, come out immediately!”

The supreme headmaster flew over the city, and his voice entered everyone’s ears.

“Puchi!”

Hearing the Supreme Headmaster’s voice, everyone instantly felt a sweetness in their mouths, and a mouthful of blood was spat out.

Some of the weaker people even fainted.

“Oh my God... is this a God?”

“How terrifying, a voice that almost shattered my heart!”

Everyone in the city was shocked as they looked in the direction of the supreme headmaster in disbelief.

Soon after, they saw an army of 120,000 people flying towards them from the sky.

They could feel a terrifying pressure and killing intent from everyone in front of them.

“Sir, I am the city lord of the Willow City of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire. May I know what your orders are?”

A middle-aged city lord was shocked when he heard this voice.

When he flew out of the city Lord’s Mansion and saw the supreme headmaster and his 120,000 troops, he was shocked and quickly bowed.

“Dragon-phoenix Empire?”

When the supreme headmaster heard these words, his eyes revealed a sinister expression.

“I have descended to this tiny place of yours to destroy you!”

The supreme headmaster raised his arm ruthlessly, and a palm that could destroy a radius of ten kilometers instantly condensed in the sky.

“What? Lord, spare my life!”

The city lord of Liu City saw that the other party had attacked without a word and felt the incomparably huge palm in the sky, and his heart was greatly shocked.

“Die!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The supreme headmaster’s tyrannical arm waved, and the palm that covered a radius of ten kilometers directly attacked the city lord of Liu City.

“Not good, run!”

“Ah Ah, it’s over, it’s over!”

“What a terrifying aura. My God, are they devils?”

Below, when everyone in the city saw this palm, they shouted in shock.

A palm that covered a ten-kilometer radius, what kind of concept was this?

To them, it was simply a world-destroying thing!

“Boom!”

An earth-shattering sound rang out, and the entire city seemed as if it had encountered an earthquake of over a dozen magnitude.

With a single palm strike, all the buildings collapsed.

In the center, within ten kilometers, the ground sank fifty meters.

Over a hundred thousand people died directly from this palm strike.

Stupefied, everyone in Willow city was stupefied!

What kind of expert was this? How did they offend such an expert.

“Everyone from the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, die!”

The Supreme Headmaster’s face revealed a ferocious expression. He raised his arm again and another palm that covered a radius of ten kilometers appeared.

“Boom!”

Another attack and the entire city was covered in dust.

Screams, cries for help, and screams instantly covered the entire city.

All the people who were still alive looked at the Supreme Hierarch in fear, their faces filled with shock.

In their eyes, he was a devil from the abyss.

“Alright Supreme Hierarch, leave some people to ask the Dragon and Phoenix Empire’s Imperial City!”

Dark Eye Patriarch said indifferently. With a wave of his arm, more than ten people flew in front of him.

“Lord, spare my life. Don’t kill me, don’t Kill Me!”

The more than ten people who were caught by dark eye patriarch shouted in despair.

“Shut up!”

He shouted softly. The more than ten people seemed to be hypnotized and their eyes were dull.

Soon, information came out of their mouths one by one.

“Let’s go. After killing the powerhouses of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, you can do whatever you want!”

Dark Eye Patriarch threw the more than ten people away and said indifferently.

The supreme headmaster flew toward the dragon-phoenix Imperial City expressionlessly.

The sect that hated the dragon-phoenix Empire the most was the solipsistic sect.

Originally, the solipsistic sect was the strongest among the three superpowers, but now, it was the weakest.

The entire solipsistic mountains had been destroyed. One could imagine how furious he was.

The 120,000-strong army flew toward the dragon-phoenix Imperial City, leaving less than half of the people in Willow City with shocked gazes.

“What kind of enemy has our dragon-phoenix Imperial dynasty provoked?”

“Is our imperial dynasty going to be destroyed?”

Some people muttered in fear. The surviving city executives immediately opened their communication stone plates and sent the news over.

A terrifying and invincible army of experts had arrived at the dragon-phoenix Imperial City.