Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1635: 1635 attacked the vast region

The vast region had gathered all their forces to invade their flowing sea region.

This matter couldn’t end so easily.

Now, they had the ability to counterattack.

At that time, the entire vast region would have to pay a huge price.

“Good. During the eight months you’ve been resurrected, we’ve already entered the vast region. At that time, the Wuji dynasty didn’t make a move. We were fighting against the southern royal family of the Solesky sect

“After eight months of battle, we obtained a large amount of resources. After stabilizing for one to two years, we were basically able to suppress the two superpowers!”

“However, the life and Death Pill Workshop and the holy item forging workshop must have given some benefits and resources to the Wuji Empire to make a move!”

Feng Luan nodded and said to Wang Xian.

“The Wuji Empire? The most ruthless imperial family. As expected, in their eyes, there are only benefits. As long as there are sufficient benefits, they can do anything!”

Wang Xian’s eyes turned cold.

He also knew that Feng Luan and the Dragon Palace had entered the vast region to become enemies with the two superpowers in order to avenge him.

However, the appearance of the Wuji Empire had completely exceeded their expectations.

“Let’s go, let’s chase after them!”

Wang Xian’s eyes turned cold. This time, he wanted to shock the entire vast region.

He wanted to make half of the vast region submit to the dragon and Phoenix Empire and the Dragon Palace.

With the five elements grinding above his head and his feet stepping on the Yin and yang poles, Wang Xian flew rapidly in the direction of the north flow sea.

Along the way, there were corpses everywhere, all the way to the edge of the north flow sea.

All the members of the Dragon Palace and the members of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire stopped by the sea. They were hesitating whether they should continue to pursue him.

“Dragon King, Phoenix Emperor!”

“Dragon King!”

Seeing Wang Xian and Feng Luan flying over, all the soldiers and members of the Dragon Palace immediately shouted respectfully.

The soldiers of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire stared at Wang Xian with respect.

“Prime Minister Gui, send someone to deliver the corpse to the Dragon Palace. The rest of the disciples of the Dragon Palace, rest for an hour and follow me on the Expedition!”

“All the soldiers of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, rest for a while and follow me and the Dragon King on the Expedition!”

Wang Xian ordered the members of the Dragon Palace.

Feng Luan also said to the soldiers of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire.

“It’s the Dragon King!”

“It’s the Phoenix Emperor!”

All the disciples of the Dragon Palace and the soldiers of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire revealed an excited look.

This time was completely different from the last time. This time, it was a real expedition.

An expedition to the entire vast region.

To conquer the vast region with a weak place like the flowing sea region.

This was an unprecedented feat.

“The dragon-phoenix Empire and Sky Demon Empire will counterattack our vast region. Everyone gather together. We will lead you back quickly!”

At this moment, at a location hundreds of kilometers away from the north flowing sea.

The two patriarchs of the Wuji Empire, the two patriarchs of the southern Royal Family, and the supreme sect leader of the solipsistic sect caught up with the fleeing army in the vast region.

All the powerful warriors who had come with an awe-inspiring presence were now full of fear and embarrassment.

The 120,000-strong army only had about 60,000 soldiers.

They had lost half of them.

This was something that none of them had expected.

Especially the five patriarchs, whose faces were so gloomy that they almost bled.

Patriarch Dark Eye of the Wuji Dynasty clenched his fists, his face full of regret.

This time, not only did the Wuji Empire not gain any benefits, they even suffered heavy losses.

The benefits they gained were nothing compared to the losses they suffered.

“What? The Skyfiend and dragon-phoenix Empire are going to attack us?”

At the front, more than ten middle-aged elders’expressions changed drastically as they cried out involuntarily.

“That’s right. The dragon-phoenix Empire and the Skyfiend Empire will not be as simple as before. Our vast region will be in trouble this time!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“At least the dragon-phoenix Empire will occupy more than half of the vast region’s territory!”

The Wuji Empire’s Patriarch said with a dark expression.

As both empires, they knew that the dragon-phoenix Empire would definitely occupy a large area of territory and divide it up among themselves.

“This... this...”

The faces of the dozen middle-aged elders turned incomparably ugly.

They were masters of the life and Death Medicinal Pill Academy and the Holy Item Forging Academy. Once the dragon-phoenix Empire entered, wouldn’t they be finished?

Moreover, how many places in the entire vast region were there for their life and Death Pill Workshop and the Holy Item Forging Workshop?

“The Savage Goddess’giant beast can carry over 100,000 people. We must fly with all our might!”

“Everyone from the life and Death Pill Workshop, please give us all your pills to replenish our energy. We will take everyone and fly!”

Southern Emperor Jianghe took a deep breath and ordered the masters from the life and Death Pill Workshop.

“Hurry Up!”

The ancestor from the Wuji Empire shouted coldly when he saw the hesitant expression of the life and Death Pill Workshop.

“Yes, yes!”

The Masters from the life and Death Pill workshop immediately nodded in fear. They did not dare to resist at all.

The five big shots from the vast region were all filled with anger. who cared about their identities.

“Gather together, let’s Go!”

In order to prevent the Army of the dragon and Phoenix Empire from catching up, the five top-tier experts could only do their best to bring them towards the vast region.

Over 60,000 people, under the lead of the five experts, flew at five to six times their normal speed.

In less than a day, the vast continent appeared in their line of sight.

Looking at this familiar continent, the experts in the vast region all heaved a heavy sigh of relief.

This battle in the Flowing Sea region was definitely a terrifying nightmare.

The reappearance of the Sky Demon had killed a patriarch of the Wuji Empire in an invincible manner and suppressed all the experts in the vast region.

As for them, they could only flee in panic.

Now, they had finally escaped back.

In a city near the north flowing sea, as the most border city, the area wasn’t very large.

The population wasn’t very large either.

But recently, many strangers had come to this city.

This group of people had no other intentions. They were simply waiting for the experts of the vast area to return in triumph.

There were even some weak sects that made banners and the like.

Once the experts of the vast area returned, they would immediately welcome them and return in triumph.

This caused this small city to become much livelier.

“Eh, Look, who are those people? eh? What a powerful aura. Why do they look like the experts of the flowing sea region! ?”

Suddenly, in the leisurely area by the sea, a middle-aged man looked towards a distant location with a stunned expression and said to his companion in surprise.

“How is this possible? It will take at least ten days for a group of experts from our vast area to travel back and forth to the flowing sea region!”

The companion beside him shook his head and looked up, slowly frowning.

“That’s right. Although with the strength of our vast area, it will only take one or two hours at most to destroy the dragon-phoenix Empire in the flowing sea region, it will take nearly ten days to fly back and forth. How...”

As the middle-aged man spoke, he stared at the group of people flying towards them from afar.

Suddenly, his voice slowly faded away as he stared at the five familiar figures in front of him and the experts from the vast region behind him who were in a sorry state.

“How is this possible...”