Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1677: 1677, Jie Jie, I’m Coming! Down

“Jie Jie, I’m Coming!”

A wild voice resounded through the heavens and earth. The voice was filled with darkness and wildness.

The darkness that accompanied it covered a radius of several hundred kilometers.

The scouts from the other forces all had pale expressions on their faces.

“This... This is an expert at the longevity realm. Who is he? What is he here for?”

“What a terrifying aura. What a powerful domain. He actually covered an area of several hundred kilometers. Heavens, who is this person?”

All the Scouts of the various factions roared in fear.

However, what made them sigh in relief was that the expert did not attack them.

This caused their expressions, which were filled with fear, to slowly recover.

They let out a heavy breath.

Although they hadn’t seen him, the bloody aura of this expert was obvious that he wasn’t a good person!

“Jie Jie, I’m Coming!”

Similarly, this voice echoed in the sky above the fire cloud mountain range.

The arrogant voice instantly attracted everyone’s attention.

“Oh? What a terrifying voice. This is the voice of a longevity expert!”

“A wanshou expert is flying over!”

When the disciples of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan heard this sound, their expressions instantly changed, and they hurriedly looked forward.

The group of fire cloud sparrow higher-ups slowly frowned, and their expressions became solemn.

They looked forward, watching as a stretch of darkness invaded over.

The area covered by the darkness reached a radius of several hundred kilometers.

“Is this the opportunity that the clan elder and the others spoke of? It really isn’t that simple. The two great factions have come prepared!”

Everyone from the Sacred Fire clan looked towards the darkness. Their pupils constricted slightly and their faces revealed a shocked expression.

“Hehe!”

When the medicine master and the weapon master heard this incomparably arrogant voice, a trace of a smile appeared on their faces. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

They glanced at the darkness that was rapidly surging over from behind and their gazes fell on Feng Yun.

“The Fire Cloud Sparrow clan is indeed worthy of being the fire cloud personal guard of the past. However, since our two great factions have come out in full force, we have already made complete preparations!”

“Since we say that we will exterminate your fire cloud sparrow clan, then we will exterminate your fire cloud sparrow clan!”

The weapon master’s expression was slightly malevolent as he roared loudly.

“Not good!”

Feng Yun’s pair of fiery eyes stared in the direction of the darkness as his expression changed drastically.

The expressions of everyone from the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan also changed drastically.

“They actually invited a longevity expert to act!”

All the fire cloud sparrow disciples held tightly onto the weapons in their hands.

“Demon God, we are waiting for you!”

The medicine master turned his head and said with a smile toward the approaching darkness.

“Pa Pa Pa!”

“We came on time!”

In the darkness of a few hundred kilometers, an old man dressed in black scale armor slowly walked out and said indifferently!

“Roar Roar Roar!”

“Jie Jie, you didn’t even enter the door? Aren’t you too useless!”

At this moment, another voice rang out from the darkness behind the black-scaled old man.

At the same time, it was accompanied by the roars of beasts.

As the voice rang out, two blurry ferocious beasts appeared in everyone’s line of sight.

The two ferocious beasts had incomparably huge heads that were covered in thick black scales. They were extremely ferocious and terrifying.

The two heads were five meters in size.

Gradually, a black proud son appeared. There was a blurry figure among the proud son.

That figure was lying lazily on the chair, looking at the sky as if he was traveling.

“Hiss, that’s a black-scaled dragon-armored beast, a half-step-to longevity-level black-scaled dragon-armored beast. My God!”

“What... What an evil aura. This should be the demon god of the nine God Empire’s demon god Tribe!”

In front of them, all the disciples of the life and Death Pill Workshop and the holy item forging workshop saw two figures and two terrifying fierce beasts in the darkness and sucked in a breath of cold air.

The closer they were, the more they could feel that evil aura, which made them feel extremely uncomfortable.

“After all, they were once the personal guards of the fire cloud mountain range. The fire cloud mountain range was once modified by the Great Empress!”

When the medicine master and the weapon master heard the derisive voice of the Devil God sitting on the black-scaled dragon-armored beast, they were not the least bit angry as they spoke indifferently.

After they finished speaking, they looked at the black-scaled elder standing in front of the black-scaled dragon-armored beast and nodded.

This person was once a devil god of the Devil God tribe. Now, he had taken the position of clan leader.

“Haha, What Fire Cloud Personal Guard? What Great Empress? Let me cultivate for a few years. Even if the great empress is still alive, she must kneel in front of me!”

At this moment, the voice sitting on the throne suddenly sat up and shouted unscrupulously.

The voice was filled with arrogance and a domineering aura that dared to compete with the heavens.

When everyone heard the words of this devil god, their hearts trembled!

How arrogant was this?

“Shut up, don’t dare to Insult Our Empress!”

When Feng Yun heard the words of the figure in the darkness, she growled with an embarrassed expression.

Even though the current situation had completely exceeded her expectations, even if the enemy was stronger than her, she was still filled with anger and killing intent when she heard someone insulting the Empress.

“Keke, you’re really loyal!”

The figure in the darkness laughed loudly when he heard Feng Yun’s angry voice that was filled with killing intent.

His voice was a little sharp, causing everyone to feel uncomfortable!

“Make your move as soon as possible. I Won’t make a move. I’ll leave it to the three of you!”

The voice in the darkness continued. The lazy words made the faces of all the fire cloud sparrow clansmen extremely unsightly.

At the same time, they were also incomparably terrified!

The Life and Death Pill Workshop and the holy item forging workshop had actually invited the demon god tribe’s longevity experts.

Moreover, there were two of them!

A total of two!

How could they resist four longevity experts?

“The three of us are enough. Clan leader Demon, please lend us a hand!”

The weapon master looked at the black-scaled elder in front of the Black Shadow and said.

“Alright, the Little Fire Cloud Sparrow tribe is nothing to be afraid of. Since our demon God tribe has made a move, even if the great empress returns, they will be destroyed!”

The black-scaled elder rarely spoke, but when he opened his mouth, he was still filled with dominance.

Of course, he was slightly inferior to the figure in the darkness.

“Haha, Fire Cloud Sparrow race, prepare to die!”

The medicine master laughed maniacally, his face filled with malevolence and excitement as he stared at the fire cloud mountain range in front of him.

“All fire cloud sparrow disciples below transcendent rank 7, enter the depths of the fire cloud mountain range and flee!”

When Feng Yun saw that the other party had two more longevity experts, she took a deep breath and said with a determined look on her face.

“No, patriarch, we want to live and die with the Fire Cloud Sparrow race!”

“That’s right, so what if it’s the demonic God tribe? We will live and die with the Fire Cloud Sparrow race!”

Some of the disciples’faces were pale, but they shouted loudly with incomparable determination.

“Obey the orders!”

The elders shouted sternly with ugly expressions.

The two longevity experts who suddenly appeared in the Fiendcelestial tribe were doomed.

As many as could escape, they would!

Those below transcendent rank 7 could not be of much help!

“Patriarch Fengyun, we want to leave this place. It’s not that we don’t want to help you, but in the current situation, even our patriarch can’t do anything!”

Just then, the voice of the elder of the Sacred Flame clan rang out!