Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1680: At a terrifying speed, 1680 knelt down

“Plop!”

There was a sound!

It shocked everyone around. Everyone looked at Mo Sha, who was kneeling on the mountain peak, in disbelief.

The group of fire lark elders who were standing beside Wang Xian were completely dumbfounded.

They were on high alert. It turned out to be this situation.

“This... this...”

“Gulp!”

“Hiss”

The sounds of stammering, swallowing, and gasping came from all around. Everyone widened their eyes and felt dizzy. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Some of them even rubbed their eyes.

What did they see?

The extremely powerful half-step longevity beast, the terrifying evil existence of the nine God Empire’s demon god, actually knelt beside a youth.

How the F * CK was this possible?

Especially the black-scaled old man. He had seen Mo Sha’s strength and tyranny.

His style of doing things was even more bizarre, as if he wanted to compete with the heavens.

Now, in the entire demon God tribe, no one dared to disobey him.

Just now, he had even said that he wanted to let everyone see how powerful their Lord Demon God was.

But it suddenly became like this?

“This... is it?”

Medicine Master and Tool Master also looked at this scene with faces full of disbelief, and their minds were somewhat muddled.

What on Earth was this demon god doing?

Displaying true skill?

The three longevity experts were all so shocked, not to mention the others.

“Wow, Boss Demon, I finally see you again. I, Mo Sha, Miss You to death!”

“You have no idea. Ever since you were injured, I have been unable to sleep day and night!”

“To be able to see you today, Boss MO, is truly a great honor and fate!”

Just when everyone’s bodies were stiff and their faces were filled with shock, Mo Sha’s voice suddenly rang out.

No one could tell the emotions contained in his voice. However, his loud and disgusting words made everyone’s faces look very interesting.

This was the domineering demon god from earlier.

“Hehe!”

At this moment, Wang Xian looked at Mo Sha who was kneeling in front of him and pursed his lips.

He didn’t expect Mo Sha to be so shameless. He rushed over and knelt on the ground. Furthermore, he could say such disgusting words.

He smiled and walked slowly towards Mo Sha.

“TSK tsk, this demon god. If I let you cultivate for a few more years, you would be able to kill the empress even if she were to reincarnate. What’s going on now?”

Wang Xian came before Mo sha and looked down at Mo Sha who was kneeling in front of him. He asked mockingly.

“Wow, Boss MO, have you forgotten about me? Don’t you know that I, Mo Sha, like to brag the most? Boss MO, you are really a God who forgets things. Hehe!”

“Boss MO, let me introduce myself again. I am your little brother, Mo Sha. Here, I wish you a happy old age!”

“Peng Peng!”

The corner of Mo Sha’s mouth twitched when he heard Wang Xian’s words. However, he quickly squeezed out a smile and spoke loudly.

As he spoke, he kowtowed at the same time.

That sincere look of his seemed as though he was really a loyal little brother meeting his boss.

He had no choice. Mo Sha didn’t want to be so unscrupulous.

However, his life was now in the hands of the other party.

He still remembered how he wanted to kidnap Wang Xian to get rid of the dark soul in his body.

In the end, he was killed instead!

During that period of time, he lived like a dog.

Mo Sha swore that he would never live like that again.

However, he actually came to kill this demon. His underlings even shouted for him to unleash his might and kill him.

What the F * ck.

Mo Sha’s face was even darker than the lid of a pot.

He was a wise man who knew how to adapt to circumstances. Now, he was certain that his life was basically in Wang Xian’s hands.

At this moment, the most important thing was to appease his boss.

As for his face, his life was important?

“This... How Shameless!”

Huo Luo'er, who was standing not far away, looked at the imposing Mo Sha. She opened her mouth slightly and widened her eyes. She could not help but blurt out.

The corners of the mouths of all the fire cloud sparrow clansmen twitched when they heard Huo Luo'er’s abrupt voice.

Indeed, she was a little shameless!

Many people were a little suspicious. Could this be the first element of being an expert?

However, when they saw mo sha kneeling respectfully in front of their young master Wang, everyone was shocked and excited at the same time.

“This... What on Earth is going on?”

At the front of the fire cloud mountain range, the expressions of the medicine master and weapon master changed when they saw this scene.

The majestic demon god of the demon God tribe actually knelt in fear towards a youth.

He even called him boss demon and called himself little brother!

This gave the two of them a very bad premonition, and this premonition was very strong.

“What is going on? The demon god of the Demon God tribe and the young man of the fire Lark Tribe...”

Some of the disciples of the life and Death Elixir Workshop and the holy item forging workshop were extremely shocked.

However, at the same time, they also had a bad premonition.

“Mo Sha, are you bringing people to help the life and Death Elixir Workshop and the Holy Item Forging workshop to destroy us?”

When Wang Xian saw the shameless mo sha, the corner of his mouth twitched. He asked with a faint smile on his face.

“How is that possible!”

“I, Mo Sha, have been loyal to you my entire life!”

Upon hearing Wang Xian’s words, Mo sha hurriedly replied. Then, he turned his head and looked at the black-scaled elder.

“Mo Gui Lin, get your ass over here right now!”

He shouted at the black-scaled elder.

The black-scaled elder staggered slightly and squeezed out a smile on his face. He didn’t dare to hesitate at all.

“Boss, he’s Here!”

As he spoke, he also flew towards the mountain range at a terrifying speed.

When he passed through the firework defense, a pained expression appeared on his face.

However, his speed wasn’t the slightest bit slow as he flew directly in front of Mo Sha.

“Boss!”

Mo Gui Lin forced a smile and was met with Mo Sha’s cold gaze.

“Plop!”

Devil scale was not a fool. With a plop, he immediately knelt down.

“Boss, my boss. How Do You Do? My name is devil scale. May I know Boss’s boss’s orders?”

He squeezed out a smile and shouted directly at Wang Xian. His words were a little clumsy.

There was no other way. Mo Sha was subdued by Wang Xian.

He was also subdued by Mo Sha.

He was in a trance!

It was like a dream!

The fire lark tribe felt surreal when they saw the two longevity realm experts from the demon God tribe kneeling in front of young master Wang.

These two powerful longevity realm experts had helped the life and Death Pill Workshop and the holy item forging workshop to exterminate the fire lark tribe.

Now, they were actually kneeling here and calling themselves Little Brothers!

“Both of you, Get Up!”

Wang Xian said directly to Mo Sha and Mo Gui Lin.

Today was really a pleasant surprise.

“Yes, yes!”

Mo Sha laughed and stood up hurriedly. Mo Gui Lin also stood up immediately.

He felt that he was standing on Wang Xian’s right and left!

“Tell me, why are both of you here today?”

Wang Xian looked at the two people on his left and right and asked with a smile.

“We heard that there are some reckless people who dared to provoke our boss. They traveled hundreds of thousands of miles to come here and help our boss kill the enemy. TSK TSK TSK!”