Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1685: With a strength of 16.85 million years

“Let’s go, let’s pass the news to our family immediately!”

“Quick, pass the news to the Emperor!”

“The fire cloud sparrow clan actually wiped out more than 2,000 members of the Sacred Fire clan. This...”

“This time, the Sacred Fire clan wants to stay out of the matter and not help the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan. It’s not unexpected for the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan to wipe them out. Let’s go back immediately!”

In the sky around the fire cloud mountain range, the scouts who were hiding in the surroundings immediately spoke up when they saw Wang Xian and the fire lark clan’s experts flying towards the direction of the two major factions.

The Life and Death Pill Workshop and the holy item forging workshop had suffered a huge defeat. The owner of the item had even fallen. The holy item forging workshop was definitely doomed.

For a faction that had already been destroyed, the families and sects they belonged to would be able to gain some benefits from it.

For example, the shops of the holy item forging workshop. At this time, they could completely annex them without any scruples.

“Young master Wang, where should we go first?”

Feng Yun and the insightful emptiness realm expert from the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan followed behind him and asked him.

“I will bring Mo Sha to the Heaven Herb Valley. If you guys are interested, go to the weapon peak of the holy item forging workshop. We will gather at the life and Death Herb Garden!”

Wang Xian said to Feng Yun.

“Alright, let’s go to the Weapon Peak First!”

Feng Yun nodded.

“Mo Gui Lin, follow everyone from the fire Lark Tribe!”

Mo Sha instructed Mo Gui Lin.

“It’s the Demon God!”

Mo Gui Lin nodded.

“Let’s Go!”

Wang Xian looked at Mo Sha and said directly.

“Alright, boss Mo, I’ll bring you to teleport!”

Mo Sha nodded with a smile. With a shift of his aura, he led Wang Xian to teleport to a place 150 kilometers away.

For experts in the realm of longevity, they could teleport as far as the area covered by their domain.

If they were to use teleportation to travel, they would need to shift their domain perception. They could teleport for an instant in a dozen seconds.

Of course, if they were in a fixed domain, they could teleport without restrictions.

However, in a battle between longevity experts, there would be domain suppression. In this domain, it was very difficult for the weak to teleport.

With Mo Sha leading the way, their speed was extremely terrifying. They could cover a distance of more than a hundred thousand kilometers in less than half an hour.

“Boss Mo, ahead is the Heavenly Medicine Valley. TSK TSK, I heard that there are many spiritual herbs here!”

“Now that their formation is activated, it will take some time if we want to break it!”

When he came to the side of the Heaven Herb Valley, Mo Sha’s eyes were glowing as he stared at the valley formed by the ten peaks.

The surroundings of the valley were already surrounded by the formation. It would take him at least a few hours to break a longevity-level formation.

“Break the formation!”

Wang Xian said to Mo sha directly.

The formation in the Heaven Herb Valley was an offensive formation. As long as he got close, he would be attacked.

He could not enter directly.

“Keke, Alright, Alright. Boss MO, leave it to me!”

Mo Sha let out a strange cry. His body moved and he arrived directly above the Heaven Herb Valley.

Buzz

A wave of demonic aura that blotted out the sky covered the entire Heaven Herb Valley.

“What happened?”

“Not good, someone is attacking our valley from the outside!”

Inside the Heavenly Medicine Valley, a half-step Wanshou realm expert and five level 9 profound void tier felt the vibration of the array formation outside, and their faces were filled with shock.

They raised their heads to look at the sky, and when they saw Mo Sha, whose demonic qi surged to the sky, their faces were filled with fear.

“Longevity expert, there’s actually a longevity expert attacking our Heaven Herb Valley!”

“Quick, quick, immediately contact the medicine master. The array formation is enough to last until our medicine master arrives!”

Within the Heaven Herb Valley, the people inside said with an embarrassed expression.

“Jie Jie, don’t even think about medicine master coming over. Right now, he can’t even protect himself. All of you inside, immediately open the array formation. I can spare your lives!”

“If you don’t open it, wait for me to enter. I will make all of you wish you were dead!”

At this moment, Mo Sha’s voice sounded from above.

His words caused the expressions of everyone in the Heavenly Medicine Valley to change drastically.

“He’s lying to us. We can’t open the Array Formation!”

“That’s right. He must be lying to us!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Everyone in the Heavenly Medicine Valley didn’t believe it. This was one of the two most important medicinal gardens of their life and Death Pill Workshop.

They were able to guard this place because they were loyal to the life and Death Elixir Workshop. It was impossible for them to open the formation just because of Mo Sha’s words.

They immediately sent the situation here to the herb owner.

However, what frightened them was that there was no news after more than an hour.

Mo Sha didn’t continue to say anything. With his strength, he could open the formation in five to six hours.

Wang Xian stood at the side and watched quietly. His eyes were filled with passion as he looked at the entire Heaven Herb Valley.

His current Dragon Energy and the resources in the Heaven Herb Valley were sufficient for him to advance to the sixth level of the Seethrough realm.

In addition, he could at least accumulate 60 to 70 percent of the dragon energy for the seventh level of the Seethrough realm.

If he were to take down the life and Death Herb Garden, Wang Xian guessed that he should be able to advance to the eighth level of the Seethrough realm.

He, who was at the eighth level of the Seethrough realm, would possess the strength of the third level of the longevity realm.

He would definitely be a pile of fat meat!

Time passed slowly. Everyone in the Heaven Herb Valley had cold sweat and fear on their foreheads.

They were anxiously waiting for the medicine master to rescue them.

Unfortunately, the medicine master was unable to protect himself now.

Boom

More than five hours had passed. The longevity realm formation was shattered with a loud bang.

“Hehehe, so many spirit herbs, hehehe!”

An excited voice came from Mo Sha’s mouth. He stared at the experts of the life and Death Pill workshop and waved his arm.

“Boom!”

The terrifying black flame killed everyone.

“Longevity level spirit tree, hehehe, hehehe!”

Mo Sha excitedly scanned the entire medicinal garden. His eyes shone with greed.

“Boss Mo, the formation is open!”

However, his greed did not cause Mo Sha to lose his mind.

The current him was just a younger brother.

Wang Xian moved his body and kept the corpse inside his interspatial ring. Following that, Wang Xian flew into the attribute herb gardens one by one.

“Stay outside and guard!”

Wang Xian said to Mo sha and started to harvest the spiritual herbs quickly.

Mo Sha could only stand in the air covetously.

If these spiritual herbs were given to him, he would also be able to break through to the second level of longevity.

“I’ll first increase my strength. Only when I reach the longevity realm can I be considered to be on the path of the strongest in the transcendental continent!”

Wang Xian waved his arm and swallowed the spiritual herbs into his stomach.

With Mo sha guarding him, he didn’t have any scruples.

The dragon energy was increasing at a terrifying speed.

“Ding! Congratulations to host for achieving a breakthrough in your level. As you have comprehended the strongest aspect of light and darkness, the yin and yang poles have been further strengthened, strengthening your dragon claws!”

“Ding! Congratulations to host for strengthening your dragon claws with the Yin and yang poles. The Dragon Kingdom in your palm has been strengthened!”