Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1686: 16.86 million years old

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Dragon of five elements (man and Dragon in one)

Level: Dongxu 6(Dragon Transformation 3)

Dragonglass: 32,123.11,276.4 billion/100,000,000 billion

Avatar: rules the Water Tribe (rules the water tribe below its level)

Devourer of life (devourer of life to extract dragonglass)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul capture, spirit possession, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: Five Elements Millstone, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon head under the heavens, Dragon body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing.

Possessing Dragon Palace: Level 3.

Members of Dragon Palace: 20093

"Roar Roar!"

A low roar came from the valley of heavenly herbs. Wang Xian stood on the ground and raised his head. A terrifying aura shot up to the sky.

Around him, the five elemental divine dragon and the Yin-yang Divine Dragon appeared.

The five elemental divine dragon entered his body and the Yin-yang Divine Dragon slowly landed on his arm.

The powerful light and darkness forces made Wang Xian's arm look like the right hand of a god.

Listening to the system's voice and looking at his attributes in his mind, Wang Xian revealed an excited expression.

He had finally stepped into the realm of longevity-level combat strength.

He was very, very close to the strongest person in the transcendental continent.

He raised his arms and felt as though he could reach out and grasp the stars.

"Hiss, he has broken through. His current strength..."

At this moment, Mo Sha, who had been watching the sky with envy, felt the aura coming from Wang Xian. He took a deep breath and revealed a shocked expression.

"He's not weaker than me. He's not weaker than me at all. In fact, he has a power in his body that I'm extremely afraid of!"

Mo Sha revealed a solemn expression and his expression slowly collapsed.

"I, Mo Sha, have been wise all my life. It seems like I'm going to fall at the hands of this person in the future!"

"That mysterious heart and the attributes he displayed!"

"I only have this heart for a few days and I am confident that I have the chance to step into the legendary godly state in the supernatural continent. Now that he has that heart, doesn't that mean..."

Mo Sha's eyes flashed. He saw how Wang Xian had achieved a breakthrough so easily and was emitting such a terrifying aura.

What he needed to think about was not how to break free from his control, but how to please this master in front of him.

He had a premonition that the master of the supernatural continent might change hands in the future.

Buzz

At this moment, Wang Xian's figure appeared beside him in an instant, causing Mo Sha's pupils to constrict slightly.

He didn't sense Wang Xian's arrival just now.

"Hehe, Congratulations to boss Mo for your breakthrough in strength. In the future, you will ignite the Divine Fire and build your divine kingdom. It is only a matter of time before you become the god of the supernatural continent!"

"Unify the transcendence continent and live forever!"

Mo Sha quickly bowed and shouted at Wang Xian.

Wang Xian looked at Mo Sha who was beside him and smiled faintly. "Let's go. Let's head to the life and Death Herb Garden!"

"Yes, Boss!"

Mo Sha immediately nodded his head heavily. His gaze swept across the area and realized that all the spiritual herbs in the entire heaven herb valley had been taken away.

"Let's Go!"

At this moment, he felt a binding force. He didn't resist. In an instant, they appeared at a distance of 200 kilometers.

200 kilometers of teleportation was the furthest distance that Wang Xian could travel.

His teleportation was different from the domain of a true longevity expert. He used his perception and powerful strength to arrive instantly. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Mo Sha felt such a distance and was filled with shock.

To be able to teleport 200 kilometers in an instant just after breaking through was terrifying.

He could already feel that his strength was probably inferior to Wang Xian.

As he continued to teleport, all the scenes were rapidly regressing.

Wang Xian was like the legendary immortal on Earth.

"Boss, the location in front is the life and death herb garden. I guess with the speed of the herb owner, he should have entered the herb garden not long ago!"

The life and death herb garden was located in a grassland. A thousand-meter-long river ran through the entire grassland.

The life and death herb garden was located beside the river in the middle of the grassland.

There was an incomparably huge water and wood essence here.

If one cultivated the water and wood attributes here, their speed would increase by more than ten times.

Especially the location near the life and Death Herb Garden. It was a paradise that could be ranked at the front of the entire continent.

"The defensive formation in the life and death herb garden has been activated. Looks like the owner of the herb is here!"

Wang Xian squinted his eyes slightly and looked at the area in front which was covered by the Azure Water Curtain.

The area was about 50 kilometers in area.

Vaguely, there were manors that looked like European castles in the area.

The castles were about 1,000 meters tall and looked magnificent. It was just like the castles in legends.

In front of the castle was a city called the main city of life and death.

There were over ten million people in the main city of life and death. These people were all direct disciples of the life and Death Medicinal Pill Workshop.

At this moment, everyone in the city looked at the location of the life and death medicinal garden in astonishment.

That was their Holy Land. What shocked them was that all the formations in the Holy Land were activated.

The longevity-level defensive formations and the longevity-level offensive formations were activated one by one.

The longevity-level formations would only be activated during times of crisis.

At this moment, the news of the complete defeat of their two major forces had yet to reach them.

Now that the formations were suddenly activated, everyone in the life and Death Elixir Workshop was extremely surprised.

"Let's Go!"

Wang Xian stood in the air and moved his feet slowly.

"Boss, with the combination of two layers of level 2 longevity array and a level 1 longevity array, it will be difficult for us to enter!"

"Without three or four longevity experts, it will be impossible to break their array. We can only enter when Devil Phoenix Cloud and the rest arrive!"

Mo Sha stared at the array in front of him and said with a slight frown.

"No Need!"

Wang Xian smiled and continued to walk into the life and death herb garden.

"Who dares to fly above our life and Death Elixir Workshop? Come down quickly!"

At this moment, a cold shout came from the life and death main city below.

Five experts at level five of the Seethrough void tier flew directly towards the sky and glanced at Wang Xian and Mo Sha with arrogance and coldness.

"Keke, we are here to take the dog head of your medicine master. How dare you bunch of small fries make a Ruckus?"

Mo Sha looked at the five reckless people and waved his arm.

"Peng, Peng, Peng!"

The five corpses directly fell into the city.

Mo Sha did not conceal his voice at all, directly resounding throughout the life and death main city.

"What?"

"Who is so arrogant!"

"Not good, our five deacons have been killed!"

At this time, in the city below, when everyone heard Mo Sha's arrogant words, their faces revealed cold expressions.

One after another, figures flew directly towards them.

Two profound void tier nine experts, a group of experts at the eighth rank and below.

These were the disciples of the life and Death Pill workshop that had stayed behind to guard the city.

"Keke, the artifact master of the Saint Item Forging workshop has died. Next, it's up to you, medicine master. Open the formation and come out to die!"

Mo Sha swept a glance at the group of people flying over, completely ignoring them as he roared towards the life and Death Pill Garden!