Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1687: Under the power of 16.87 million years of life

Come Out and face your death!

Come Out and face your death!

Wang Xian and Mo sha hovered in the sky proudly and stared at the life and death herb garden in front of them.

The echoes reverberated in the entire sky!

The experts in the life and death main city were stunned when they heard Mo Sha's words. Their faces were filled with astonishment.

"Who are you people? How dare you insult Our Herb Master? You deserve to die ten thousand times!"

The expressions of the experts from the life and Death Pill Workshop changed drastically as they roared with killing intent.

"Our Medicine Master went to exterminate the fire lark clan... the two of you dare to cause trouble at our life and Death Pill Workshop, go..."

"Devil God, you treacherous fellow, the one who should die is you, it's You!"

The Old Man in the lead roared at Mo Sha Sternly. However, an incomparably furious voice suddenly sounded.

This voice caused the expressions of the experts from the life and Death Pill Workshop to change drastically.

"It's... It's the medicine master's Voice!"

"Heavens, the medicine master has returned. What Happened?"

"Gulp, Demon God? Could it be... could it be..."

The expressions of the ten over profound void martial experts from the life and death pill workshop changed drastically. Their bodies could not help but retreat by more than ten meters.

In the city below, everyone's faces were filled with astonishment, and a trace of fear slowly appeared on their faces.

"TSK TSK, the weapon master is already dead. Next, it's Your Turn!" FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Mo Sha laughed sinisterly, his gaze fixed on the figure at the top of the castle in the life and Death Pill Garden.

The Pill Master, who was dressed in white and blue clothes with two life and death embroidered on his chest, had a ruddy complexion, and his blood-red eyes were staring at Mo Sha.

The unhealthy red color was obviously because he had consumed a powerful medicinal pill.

"It's impossible to kill me. Even if all three of you come here, you won't be able to break through the defense of the life and Death Herb Garden!"

"Haha, there are enormous spirit herbs and medicinal pills in the life and death herb garden. With enough spirit stones, even if you attack outside for a hundred years, you won't be able to break through it!"

"Just you wait, just you wait. In the future, I will turn into a ghost and entangle around you, killing all of your disciples, all of them!"

The medicine master's expression was incomparably malevolent as he roared at Mo Sha.

His entire person was like a devil!

It was over, everything was over!

The two great factions had led almost all of their core disciples to exterminate the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan.

Now, 90% of them had died there, and the weapon master had fallen directly.

With the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan's strength and the demonic God tribe, their life and Death Pill Workshop had completely fallen.

Even now, he could barely keep his little life.

Everything was caused by this demonic god in front of him.

If they hadn't betrayed their trust and suddenly joined the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan, how could they have been so miserable.

The faction that had stood for nearly a hundred thousand years had actually been destroyed in his hands.

It caused his heart to be incomparably sorrowful and indignant.

"TSK TSK, medicine master, do you think you still have this chance? Immediately open the formation, or else I'll slaughter all the disciples in your life and Death Main City!"

Mo Sha heard the medicine master's words and spoke in a dense voice.

A terrifying killing intent directly filled the entire space.

Darkness surged out from his body and slowly covered an area of 150 kilometers, enveloping the entire life and death main city.

"Heavens, this..."

"What a terrifying killing intent. I feel my entire body become incomparably cold. The tool master actually died, and our life and death pill workshop... It seems that only the medicine master escaped!"

"What exactly happened? Don't Kill Us, don't Kill Us!"

Darkness covered the area, and Sounds of terror rang out from the city below.

The dozen or so people in the sky trembled even more, and their bodies directly fell downwards.

Within Mo Sha's domain, a single thought from him could cause everyone to die.

This was the terrifying aspect of the longevity experts. They were worlds apart from the profound void realm.

"Haha, Kill, Kill. Demonic God, I swear that I will return everything that happened today to all of you a hundredfold or a thousandfold!"

The medicine master's expression was malevolent as he crazily roared.

His words caused mo sha to slightly raise his brows.

Within the city, everyone who heard their medicine master's words revealed a terrified expression.

"No, medicine master, don't give up on us!"

Their faith had collapsed. The Invincible Medicine Master in their hearts had actually given up on them.

This caused all of them to feel as if they had lost their souls.

They looked towards the sacred land with fear on their faces!

Unfortunately, the barrier of the array had caused them to be unable to see the noble medicine master of the past. At this moment, they could only see his incomparably savage face!

"Good, do you really think that I don't dare to kill you? Today, I'll let you personally watch as I kill everyone in Your Life and Death Pill Workshop. Keke!"

Mo Sha let out a strange cry. His face was filled with a violent killing intent.

"Just kill the Medicine Master!"

Wang Xian waved his hand to stop mo sha from killing.

As he spoke indifferently, his body moved. The Yin-yang Taiji diagram appeared around him and enveloped mo sha within it.

His body moved and he flew straight to the front.

Mo Sha was slightly stunned. He didn't ask any more questions and followed behind obediently.

"Eh? It's all because of you, you little bastard. If it wasn't for you, that treacherous Devil God wouldn't have attacked us. You Damn Little Bastard!"

"I will kill you with my own hands in the future. No, I won't kill you. I will make your life a living hell and torture you for a thousand years!"

"Hehe, you still want to charge in? Let me tell you, you're delusional..."

When the medicine master saw Wang Xian and Mo sha charging in this direction, he continued to roar with his blood-red eyes.

Everything was because of this little bastard.

However, just as he was about to finish his sentence, Wang Xian led mo sha and penetrated through the formation.

The formation that could seriously injure a level one wanshou master landed on Wang Xian's body and was blocked by the yin-yang dual polarity diagram around him!

The formation that could block the entrance of a level one wanshou master was actually penetrated by him gently!

There was no obstruction at all!

As the herb owner was speaking, his mouth was still open. When he saw Wang Xian and Mo Sha entering the formation, he was completely stunned!

He slowly closed his mouth and pursed his lips. A trace of cold sweat appeared on his forehead.

"Keke, Keke!"

Mo Sha was slightly stunned when he saw Wang Xian bringing him in so easily. Then, he started to laugh out loud.

"You... how could you..."

"Demon God, let me tell you. You are the only one here. If I were to fight you to the death, you will also die here today!"

The medicine master who was standing at the top of the castle could not help but take two steps back. He looked at Mo Sha with a face full of shock and fear.

He had already witnessed Mo Sha's strength. He was no match for him in a one-on-one fight.

"Mo Sha, protect the spiritual herbs and the castle in the life and Death Herb Garden. I want to test my strength!"

Wang Xian, who was standing at the side, swept his gaze across the life and death herb garden. A hint of passion flashed across his eyes.

His gaze landed on the herb owner. He raised his eyebrows and said directly.

"It's the Boss!"

Mo Sha immediately nodded and looked at the stunned medicine master at the side mockingly!