Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1688: 1688 was easily killed

"You... just you, just you little bastard!"

While the Medicine Master was in a daze, he saw that Wang Xian was actually going to fight with him. His ferocious face broke into a smile and his blood-red eyes stared at him disdainfully.

When they were in front of the fire cloud mountain range, the medicine master had also witnessed Wang Xian's strength. He was an expert who was at the peak of half-step longevity.

Although he was very strong, it was impossible for him to challenge Wang Xian.

"Hehe!"

Wang Xian smiled faintly. Without any hesitation, he appeared beside the Medicine Master in a flash.

"What?"

The medicine master's expression changed slightly when he saw Wang Xian who had teleported to his right. He raised his palm and attacked Wang Xian's chest.

Boom

Wang Xian smiled. He waved his right hand as well and welcomed the attack directly.

His entire arm was emitting a grayish energy. The moment he activated it, it was as if there was a taiji diagram wrapping around his arm.

Wang Xian, whose strength had increased to the sixth level of the Seethrough Void Tier, had his dragon claws strengthened by the yin and yang poles.

The strengthening of the yin and yang Poles could allow Wang Xian's defense to reach a terrifying level.

It was not an exaggeration to say that if Wang Xian were to die, his dragon claws would not wither. They would be like the body of a god, immortal and indestructible.

Even if an expert of the first level of longevity was to stand there and attack continuously, he would not be injured.

This was the terror after the strengthening!

"Bang!"

The huge force collided, and the fists and palms collided.

The face of the medicine master still had a hint of malevolence.

The water flow in his palm stirred. Looking over, it was as if there was an ocean churning in his hand.

However, very quickly, the medicine master's expression stiffened. The ocean in his hand was like an incomparably large mountain peak that directly fell into the center, causing seawater to splash in all directions.

"Crack Crack!"

A crisp and intense sound was transmitted over. His body directly flew backwards at a terrifying speed.

Boom

In an instant, the corpse landed on the defensive barrier of the formation and let out a muffled sound.

"You... how is this possible? Aren't you at the half-step longevity realm? !"

The medicine master's arm drooped to the side of his body. He stared at Wang Xian in shock and roared in a low voice.

"I've just advanced to the longevity realm. I'll use you as a sparring partner!"

Wang Xian smiled. His body flashed again and he appeared directly in front of the medicine master.

"Get lost. A Wanshou Master who has just advanced wants to fight with me!"

The medicine master's expression changed drastically. His body emitted a bright blue light and a staff appeared on his chest.

He took out a pill with his trembling right hand and put it into his mouth.

The injuries on his arm were recovering at a terrifying speed.

"What a waste!"

Wang Xian looked over and waved his arm. It turned into a ten-meter-long dragon claw and attacked the herb owner.

"Azure Domain, suppress it!"

The herb owner roared and the entire life and death herb garden was instantly covered by the blue water energy.

The power of the domain!

"Is this the domain?"

Sensing the domain with his own body, Wang Xian's body shook. He went up to the five elements grinding mill and stepped on the yin-yang Tai Chi.

"Suppress!"

He shouted loudly. The azure-blue light disappeared at a terrifying speed.

The Five Elements Millstone was the sky while the yin-yang Tai Chi was the earth. It completely neutralized the domain.

"What domain is this?"

The medicine master's blood-red eyes scanned the sky and the earth. His expression was extremely ugly.

"Dead people, there's no need to know too much!" Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Wang Xian flew directly towards the medicine master. The domain was neutralized and filled, preventing them from teleporting.

The moment he flew, his body transformed into the body of a divine dragon.

The body of a divine dragon that was 500 meters in size was considered a huge existence in the transcendence continent.

"Roar Roar!"

Wang Xian laughed maniacally. He felt that his entire body was filled with powerful strength.

The Invincible Dragon Claws attacked the medicine master directly.

"You want to Kill My Medicine Master? Impossible, impossible. I have lived for more than 8,000 years. How can I be defeated by a little B * Stard!"

The master looked at Wang Xian who was flying over. He held the staff in his hands tightly.

Gulp! Gulp! Gulp

Countless sea creatures appeared out of thin air from within the staff and attacked Wang Xian directly.

Thousands of creatures flew out in an instant.

It was as if they were summoned by the god of the sea and attacked him violently.

"Enjoy my strongest attack, azure tear!"

The herb owner, who was holding his staff tightly, grinned as he stared at Wang Xian.

At this moment, he was holy and powerful.

"Hehe, let me tell you. The one who killed you is the Yin-yang five elements divine dragon. Dragon King of the Dragon Palace, you can go to Hell Now!"

Wang Xian stared at the densely packed water energy sea beasts in front of him and smiled coldly.

"Ocean, I am the King!"

He extended his dragon claws and moved his body. He clawed at the sea beasts that were blocking his way.

The sea beasts that were formed from the water element were unobstructed!

"What a terrifying body!"

The herb master's expression changed drastically when he saw Wang Xian who was pressing forward.

"Dragon Claws of the Yin-yang and five elements, die!"

Wang Xian extended his dragon claws and the entire Dragon Claw expanded by dozens of meters. The sea beasts dissipated one by one.

The gigantic dragon claw covered the herb master.

"No, how can a person who has just stepped into the realm of longevity be my match!"

The herb master's eyes were filled with disbelief when he saw the invincible Wang Xian.

He raised the staff in his hands and hurled it forward heavily.

However, the herb master who was less than two meters tall was like an ant in Wang Xian's Dragon Claw. The Dragon Claw covered him directly.

His attack landed on the dragon claw without any fluctuation.

He exerted strength and clenched it!

"Ahhhh!"

A miserable scream came from the Dragon Claw. A smile appeared on Wang Xian's face. His body moved and immediately transformed into a human figure.

On the ground, a corpse that had lost its vitality was lying there quietly.

"Boss is awesome. Boss is mighty. Boss is invincible!"

Mo Sha, who was standing at the side, looked at the herb master who was killed in shock. He quickly shouted out loud.

As he shouted, his eyes were filled with shock.

He had fought with the herb master and weapon master before. He was confident that he could kill the herb master. However, he could not kill the herb master so quickly and completely suppress him.

"Alright, open the formation. Go to the city outside and bring all the treasures and elixirs over!"

Wang Xian was a little speechless as he looked at Mo Sha who was cheering for him.

"Yes, Boss!"

Mo Sha immediately smiled and nodded. He went to the sky above the castle and opened the formation.

"Keke, everyone in the main city of life and death, listen up. Your Medicine Master is dead. Hand over all the elixirs and treasures in your city. Otherwise, don't blame me for starting a massacre!"

Listening to Mo Sha's voice from outside, Wang Xian smiled and teleported to the sky above the castle.

"Five longevity first-grade spiritual herbs!"

"Three longevity first-grade spiritual trees!"

"Two longevity second-grade spiritual trees!"

"There are more than 100,000 void interpretation level cultivators. Although there are many who are not mature yet, they are enough for me to improve crazily!"

"A force that has stood on the continent for 70,000 to 80,000 years is really terrifying!"