Chapter 1689: The final layout of 1689

Wang Xian stood at the top of the castle and overlooked the fairyland-like area of the life and Death Pill Workshop.

Looking at the spiritual herbs and trees, his face was filled with smiles.

He moved his body and plucked all the ripe spiritual herbs and spiritual fruits.

The Life and Death Pill Workshop was a faction that was second only to the five great empires. It had stood for 70,000 to 80,000 years and experienced the vicissitudes of history.

It was no exaggeration to say that they could nurture more than 10,000 experts at level nine of the profound void realm with all their resources.

Of course, they had enough resources, but not many geniuses could break through to level nine of the profound void realm.

In order to break through in human cultivation, one not only needed pills, but also a strong comprehension ability.

Some people couldn't break through no matter how many pills they had.

"If all these elixirs were given to the disciples of the Dragon Palace to consume, it would be able to directly increase the strength of the Dragon Palace to a terrifying level!"

"However, I should temporarily increase my strength by one level!"

Wang Xian thought to himself.

"Boss, all the elixirs and treasures in the main city of life and death are here!"

At this moment, Mo Sha flew over. "This bunch of poor bastards don't have many treasures at all!"

As he spoke, he glanced around and his eyes were filled with desire.

"Give it to me!"

Wang Xian stretched out his hand and took the interspatial ring from Mo Sha's hand.

"This..."

At this moment, Mo Sha's stuttering voice was heard.

"What's the matter?"

Wang Xian looked at him and asked directly.

"Boss, can you give me some medicinal pills and spiritual herbs as well? My strength is about to break through!"

Mo sha rubbed his hands and asked Wang Xian tentatively.

"About to have a breakthrough?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and a thoughtful look appeared on his face.

"What's the current situation in the nine God Empire?"

Wang Xian looked at Mo Sha and asked.

As the demon god of the nine God Empire, one of the nine gods, he had great authority in the nine God Empire.

If Mo Sha could use the power of the nine God Empire in the future, many things would be much simpler!

"Boss, the nine God Empire is made up of nine tribes. They are the nine tribes of metal, wood, water, fire, Earth, wind, lightning, and light. We belong to the Demon God tribe, and our strength can be ranked in the top three in the nine God Empire!"

"The nine God Empire has a total of 14 longevity experts, which is the weakest existence among the five great empires. Now, the position of the Master of the nine gods is controlled by the Thunder God tribe. Thunder God is the Master of the nine gods in the nine God Empire, so he has the right to mobilize all the power of the nine gods!"

"The strength of the thunder god should be at level four of longevity. The position of the leader of the nine gods should be occupied by those who have the strength!"

Mo Sha said to Wang Xian.

"Level four of longevity? Then the gap between the two of you is quite big!"

Wang Xian frowned slightly. He still wanted to let mo sha control the nine God Empire. Then, it would be very easy for him to deal with the Phoenix dynasty in the future.

Now, it seemed to be a little difficult.

"Boss, I am about to break through to the second level of longevity. Moreover, as long as I have the resources, I will be able to improve quickly!"

"I have the confidence to reach the fourth level of longevity within a hundred years and completely control the nine gods empire!"

"Within a thousand years, I, Mo Sha, have the confidence to reach the peak of longevity!"

Mo Sha said with a burning gaze.

"A hundred years is too long!"

Wang Xian shook his head slowly.

"Boss, there is another way!"

Mo Sha hesitated for a moment before continuing.

"What is it?"

Wang Xian raised his eyebrows and looked at him!

"This is to give me the spiritual herbs in the life and Death Pill Workshop. After I consume it, coupled with all the resources of the Demon God tribe, my strength will reach the fourth level of longevity in seven to eight months!"

"At that time, I have the confidence to defeat the current master of the nine gods and become the Master of the Nine Gods Empire!"

Mo Sha said with confidence.

"Are you going to consume these spiritual herbs?"

Wang Xian was deep in thought.

Even if Wang Xian consumed all the pills here, he would at most have the strength of level three of longevity.

This strength was very strong. However, if Mo Sha were to advance to level four of longevity and take control of the nine gods empire, the benefits would be incomparable.

If Mo Sha really became the Master of the nine gods empire, it would be equivalent to him taking control of the nine gods empire indirectly.

When Mo Sha saw Wang Xian suddenly falling into deep thought, a look of anticipation shot out from his eyes as he stared at him intently.

"Sure, but I hope that after you consume these spiritual herbs, you will be able to take control of the Nine Gods Empire!"

Wang Xian looked at him and nodded his head.

"Don't worry, boss. Becoming the Master of the nine gods was once my lifelong wish. If I can reach the fourth level of longevity, I will definitely be able to take that position!"

Mo Sha's eyes were filled with desire as he spoke with a fiery gaze.

"These are mature spiritual herbs. Here!"

Wang Xian passed all the spiritual herbs to Mo Sha.

"Boss, you will be my real boss in the future. Even if they are dragons, I will still dare to do it with your command!"

Mo Sha looked at the interspatial ring that Wang Xian handed over. His eyes were burning with passion as his body trembled.

Wang Xian smiled and didn't mind.

The next step of the plan was for the Dragon Palace to enter the Sea of extraordinariness.

The Dragon and Phoenix Empire was to establish an empire and the dragon and Phoenix Empire.

After the establishment of the Dragon and Phoenix Empire, there was an 80% chance that they would fight with the Phoenix Empire.

At this time, if Mo Sha could control the nine God Empire, even if the Phoenix Empire was larger than the dragon and Phoenix Empire, he wouldn't be able to do anything about it.

The nine God Empire was very important to the dragon-phoenix Empire in the future.

Besides that, I have to find a base of the Dragon Palace in the Sea of extraordinariness

Wang Xian thought to himself.

The entire sea of extraordinariness took up a quarter of the area. The rest of the demonic beast races in the Sea of extraordinariness were ruled by the dragon race.

Basically, the entire sea was the territory of the dragon race.

It would be difficult for the Dragon Palace to occupy a place here.

He needed to find a hidden place to slowly erode the power of the dragon race in the Sea of extraordinary.

"It seems like after the matters of the life and Death Pill Workshop and the Holy Item Forging workshop are settled, I will have to go to the sea of extraordinary to find a hidden area!" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"After I find it, I will return to the vast area!"

Wang Xian thought to himself.

"Mo Sha, gather some information about the extraordinary sea for me!"

Wang Xian gave an order to Mo Sha. With a move of his body, he entered a room in the castle.

"Yes, boss. I promise to send the information to you as soon as possible!"

Mo Sha replied loudly with an excited face.

In less than five hours, Mo Sha sent all the information about the extraordinary sea.

Wang Xian took the information and started to read it.

"Boss, the members of the fire Lark clan are here!"

Time passed slowly for more than twenty hours. At this moment, Feng Yun and the rest rushed over from the holy relic forging workshop.

"The holy relic forging workshop should have a lot of resources. It should be enough for me to level up by one level!"

He stood up and flew out immediately.