Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1690: Central continent 1690 was shaken

"Young master Wang, all the treasures and resources in the entire weapon peak have been taken by us!"

Just as Wang Xian flew out, Patriarch Fengyun and a few elders from the fire cloud sparrow clan walked over and said excitedly.

"Senior Fengyun!"

Wang Xian smiled at them. "I've taken all the resources in the life and Death Pill Workshop. I have some things that I Need!"

"Also, do you have many elixirs and spiritual herbs in the holy item forging workshop? give them all to me!"

"Young Master Wang, you don't have to call me senior anymore. I heard from the Demon God that you've made a breakthrough and reached the realm of longevity. Young Master Wang, Please Call Me Feng Yun!"

Feng Yun said with a smile on her face as she handed over one interspatial ring after another. "I know that elixirs and spiritual herbs are of great use to you, young master Wang. All the elixirs and spiritual herbs are here!"

"In addition, there are some longevity-grade ores and metals here. As a faction that has been standing on the continent for nearly 100,000 years, their treasures are really shocking!"

As she spoke, her eyes were filled with excitement.

In terms of heritage, the life and Death Elixir Workshop and the holy item forging workshop were much more powerful than the fire cloud sparrow clan.

The Fire Cloud Sparrow clan had only risen to power for less than two thousand years. Compared to these two major factions, the gap between their heritage was huge.

Even Feng Yun was envious of the treasures in the holy item forging workshop.

However, she didn't leave anything behind and handed everything over to Wang Xian.

"Longevity-grade metal?"

Wang Xian took the interspatial ring and glanced at it. His eyes were filled with excitement.

The elevation of the Dragon Palace required longevity-grade materials and spirit stones. There was no lack of spirit stones, but longevity-grade materials were very rare.

These metal materials would be of great use to the upgrade of the Dragon Palace in the future.

"Keep the completed weapons for yourselves. Give me the materials!"

Wang Xian handed some of the items to Feng Yun.

The fire lark tribe had suffered heavy losses in this war. At the very least, they needed to leave some resources for them.

There were many weapons in the interspatial ring. It was enough to make up for the huge losses.

"Young master Wang, since you don't need them, I'll give these weapons to the empress. After the matter is settled, I'm going to make a trip to the Empress's Place!"

Feng Yun said happily.

"Okay!"

Wang Xian nodded. "The life and Death Herb Garden of the life and Death Elixir Workshop is a pretty good paradise. Send someone to occupy this place and make preparations for the future!"

"I know. I've already sent someone to occupy the weapon peak. There's a formation here in the life and death herb garden, so it's easier to occupy it!"

Feng Yun nodded. "Young Master Wang, are you going back after your business is over?"

"I'm not going back. I still have some matters to attend to!"

Wang Xian shook his head.

After chatting with him for a while, Wang Xian returned to his room in the castle.

Meanwhile, Feng Yun led the fire larks to take over the life and death herb garden and the life and death main city of the life and Death Elixir Workshop.

"Although the holy item forging workshop is used to forge weapons, there are quite a number of elixirs and spiritual herbs. There are even a few longevity-grade spiritual herbs!"

"These elixirs and spiritual herbs, along with the elixirs and spiritual herbs in the interspatial rings of the more than 9,000 insightful void stage powerhouses that I killed, are enough for my level to rise by another level!"

After returning to the castle, Wang Xian checked all the resources and made a mental calculation.

Ever since he came to the central continent, his combat strength of level nine of the Seethrough realm had been elevated to level two of the longevity realm. It was a huge boost!

"Get Mo Sha to bring those elixirs over. Continue to read the information on the extraordinary sea!"

He laid comfortably on the bed and flipped through the information.

As time passed by slowly, the news of the Chief Potion Master of the life and Death Elixir Workshop and the Holy Item Forging workshop leading all the core disciples to attack the fire lark tribe was quickly spread to the ears of the various factions.

When those factions learned that the weapon master and Medicine Master had invited the demon God tribe and that the two longevity experts of the demon God tribe had defected, all of them revealed shocked expressions.

Especially when they saw the scene transmitted over by the scouts, all of the large factions'faces were filled with shock.

Even the gods of the other tribes of the nine God Empire were also filled with shock.

The mighty demon god of the demon God tribe had actually knelt down to a youth who had yet to reach the longevity realm.

The Demon God could be considered one of the top experts in the continent.

What made them even more shocked was that the weapon master of the holy item forging workshop was actually killed on the spot!

The leader of a faction that had existed for 70,000 to 80,000 years was directly killed.

Following that, news quickly spread to the ears of all the factions in the central continent.

The weapon peak was occupied by the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The Demon God went to the life and death herb garden and was suspected to have killed the medicine master. The life and death herb garden was occupied by the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan!

The news one by one shook the entire central continent.

Even the emperors of the five great empires knew about this news.

After all, this was the destruction of two top-tier factions and the death of a longevity expert.

And a mysterious youth known as young master Wang and the assassin organization under Young Master Wang entered the sights of all the major factions.

"Patriarch, you have to make a decision for our disciples. The disciples who went to support the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan were all killed by the Crazy Fire Cloud Sparrow clan!"

At this moment, in the Sea of fire of the Phoenix dynasty, more than ten elders stood respectfully in front of an old woman and said loudly.

The old woman wore a fiery red robe, wore a crown on her head, and held a fiery red staff in her hand. She quietly looked at the information in front of her.

"I didn't expect such an ending. The fate of the Fire Cloud Sparrow clan is really good!"

After a few minutes of silence, the old woman slowly spoke.

"Send someone to investigate the background of that mysterious young master Wang!"

She pondered for a moment before continuing.

"It's the Patriarch!"

The dozen or so people in front immediately responded respectfully.

"Prepare the palanquin. I'm going to the Phoenix Palace!"

After another few minutes of silence, the old woman spoke.

"Patriarch, are you going to enter the palace for an audience?"

An old man asked in puzzlement.

"The disciples of our Sacred Fire clan can't die in vain. His Majesty the Emperor has invited them to return to the Phoenix dynasty. Since they don't agree, then they are no longer people of our Phoenix Dynasty!"

"Killing the soldiers of our Phoenix Dynasty's Sacred Fire Corps requires a price!"

The old woman slowly stood up as she spoke.

Outside, a luxurious carriage pulled by a soaring phosphorescent beast flew over quickly.

Three half-step longevity soaring phosphorescent beasts pulled the carriage. When the old woman boarded the carriage, they quickly flew toward the Phoenix Palace of the Phoenix dynasty.

The owner of the Phoenix Palace was the current second emperor of the Phoenix dynasty.

The first great Empress'uncle had once used his own bloodline to help the great empress strengthen her bloodline, causing her bloodline to be infinitely close to the fire Phoenix bloodline.

After the Empress fell from grace, he ascended to the throne and became the emperor of the Phoenix dynasty.

After ascending to the throne, his strength skyrocketed. He had already reached rank 4 longevity more than a thousand years ago.

During these thousand years, Emperor Phoenix had roped in everyone and firmly held the entire Phoenix dynasty in his hands.

The Phoenix Dynasty's Empress had already become history in the entire empire!