Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1691: 1691 sea of transcendence

"Ding! Congratulations to host for achieving a breakthrough in your level. As you have comprehended the strongest aspect of light and darkness, yin and yang, the two extremes of yin and yang have been further strengthened. The dragon head has been strengthened!"

"Ding! Congratulations to host for strengthening the dragon head with Yin and yang extremes. The dragon head has been strengthened under the heavens!"

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: Void Interpretation Level 7(Divine Dragon Transformation Level 3)

Dragon Crystal: 1321233.112764 billion/100000000 billion

Supernatural ability: ruling the water race (ruling the water race below one's own level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract dragon crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Supernatural ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang five elements dragon eyes.

Aspect: Five Elements Millstone, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon Head under the sky, Dragon Body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing.

Dragon Palace: Level 3.

Dragon Palace members: 20133

"Phew, I've leveled up another level!"

At this moment, Wang Xian, who was in the life and Death Herb Garden, smiled as he felt the powerful strength coming from his body.

After mo sha brought all the elixirs and spiritual herbs from the fire lark clan and the resources in the holy item forging workshop, he had leveled up to the seventh level of the Seethrough realm.

The seventh level of the Seethrough realm possessed the combat strength of the second level of the longevity realm. His strength had once again received a huge boost.

"Next, I will search for a secret place in the sea of transcendence. Coming to the central continent region by myself can be considered a complete success!"

A smile appeared on Wang Xian's face. With a move of his body, he arrived at the highest point of the castle in the life and Death Herb Garden.

He scanned his surroundings. Mo Sha was squatting at the bottom and absorbing all kinds of spiritual herbs and elixirs in a frenzy.

His strength had already risen to the second level of longevity and was still increasing at a terrifying speed.

In seven to eight months at most, his strength would reach the terrifying fourth level of longevity.

"Let's go to the sea of transcendence and take a look!"

Wang Xian looked towards the north of the river in the life and death herb garden.

At the end of the river was the extraordinary sea, the largest ocean in the extraordinary continent. It was also the territory of the Master of the extraordinary continent.

Wang Xian moved his body and teleported a distance of 400 kilometers.

The surrounding area of the life and death herb garden was a grassland with a radius of tens of thousands of kilometers. There was nothing for him to investigate.

After more than ten consecutive teleportations, an incomparably huge ocean appeared in Wang Xian's line of sight.

At a glance, the entire ocean gave off a majestic and vast feeling.

The waves were a few hundred meters high. Other than the seabirds in the sky, there were no other ships in the entire ocean.

The Ocean was the territory of the dragon race. Even if it was the five great empires, they could not sail in the ocean without the consent of the dragon race.

"Yin-yang and five elements Dragon Eyes!"

Wang Xian's pupils contracted slightly. His yin-yang and five elements dragon eyes swept forward.

A radius of 400 kilometers appeared clearly in his mind.

Wang Xian transformed into a divine dragon and entered the vast extraordinary sea.

His body swayed as the dragon swam in the sea.

The beautiful seabed appeared in his sight. Wang Xian's body swam rapidly.

"There are some sea beasts over there!"

Wang Xian looked ahead and saw a group of sea beasts wandering at the bottom of the sea.

He charged forward directly. The powerful dragon's might caused the sea beasts to float in the sea in fear and worship Wang Xian.

As the Divine Dragon of the Master of the sea, the king of the sea, any demonic beast that was lower than Wang Xian in realm did not dare to make a move upon sensing his strength.

In fact, Wang Xian was now able to rule all marine creatures below the seventh level of the Seethrough realm.

Even if there was a divine dragon, it would still be under Wang Xian's control under his draconic aura.

He continued flying forward.

All kinds of creatures were densely packed in the entire extraordinary sea. There were gigantic sea beasts and all kinds of seaweed.

As he was near the sea, the level of the sea beasts was not very high.

Wang Xian was in a good mood as he swam freely in the extraordinary sea with so many sea beasts.

He continued flying forward. In less than half an hour, Wang Xian had flown tens of thousands of kilometers under the sea.

When he reached the depths, void interpretation level demonic beasts and ferocious beasts would occasionally appear. With a glance, he could see a few of them.

The strength of the creatures in the extraordinary sea was somewhat beyond his expectations.

"If I were to move the Dragon Palace into the extraordinary sea, the resources and ferocious beasts here would be sufficient for the dragon palace to achieve a terrifying increase in strength!"

Wang Xian thought to himself.

After swimming for more than 50,000 kilometers, he did not encounter any powerful demonic beast species. The Dragon Palace could definitely move to the region near the sea.

From the position near the sea, he slowly moved towards the inland sea.

"Eh? What's ahead?"

Just as Wang Xian continued to swim for more than 1,000 kilometers, numerous underwater peaks appeared in his line of sight. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

There were hundreds of mountains with a depth of 10,000 meters. There was a huge hole in each of the peaks.

Clearly, it was a nest.

Around the mountains, there were demonic beasts that were as big as two meters and looked around like seahorses.

The entire mountain range seemed to be the domain of a demonic beast.

He hesitated for a moment before moving his body and flying directly towards the mountain range.

"Which demonic beast dares to trespass the territory of the Alastair Dragon King? !"

When Wang Xian flew over, the patrolling seahorse demonic beasts flew over one after another. Their eyes were filled with murderous intent as they stared at Wang Xian.

"Dragon King Alastair?"

Wang Xian was slightly stunned when he heard the words of the beasts. Soon after, his eyes lit up.

His body shook and his dragon might enveloped more than ten seahorse beasts. A strong pressure made them submit instantly.

"Is Dragon King Alastair a member of the Dragon Clan?"

Wang Xian asked curiously.

"Yes, he is the king. Dragon King Alastair is a member of the Great Dragon Clan. It is said that he was expelled from the Dragon Clan for committing a crime!"

The fifteen demonic beasts knelt in the ocean and spoke respectfully to Wang Xian.

They were all demonic beasts at the third level of the void interpretation realm and could be easily ruled by Wang Xian.

"How Strong is Dragon King Alstoy?"

Wang Xian was filled with interest as he looked at the largest mountain peak in the middle of the mountains. His eyes were sparkling.

"Half-step longevity. Dragon King Alstoy has the strength of a half-step longevity realm. His powerful physical body is extremely terrifying!"

The fifteen demonic beasts answered respectfully.

"Half-step longevity?"

"Bring Me There!"

Wang Xian narrowed his eyes slightly.

The owner of the supernatural continent, the most powerful creature on the supernatural continent. Wang Xian had never seen it before.

This time, he was able to see the difference between the dragon race on the supernatural continent and the divine dragon race.

"Yes, my King!"

The fifteen sea-scaled horse demon beasts immediately led Wang Xian into the cave.

Wang Xian glanced at the cave entrance in the mountain peak. There were sea-scaled horse demon beasts living inside.

Sea-scaled horse demon beasts were of the ninth level of the void interpretation stage.

However, in the face of the powerful dragon race, they could only serve as subordinates, even if the other party was a dragon king who had been expelled by the dragon race.

"Dragon King Alastair is inside!"

A group of sea-scaled horse demon beasts brought Wang Xian to the center of the cave. They pointed at the entrance of the cave and said.