Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1692: The Invincible Dragon Race of 1692

"Roar!"

"Who is disturbing my Dragon King's Slumber!"

The bottom of the extraordinary sea was located in the middle of a mountain peak at the bottom of the sea. It was the largest mountain peak.

When Wang Xian and the rest flew over, a majestic and cold voice came from the cave in the mountain peak.

"What happened?"

"Who dares to disturb Sir Dragon King Alastair!"

At this moment, from the surrounding mountain peaks, a five to six-meter sized sea scale horse demonic beast flew out from the cave.

When they saw Wang Xian's figure, their eyes were filled with murderous intent as they stared at him.

"Who is disturbing me!"

At the entrance of the cave on the Central Mountain Peak, a slender neck and head stretched out.

It looked like a lizard's head with black scales on its neck. The entire head and neck were about five meters in size.

Its cold eyes were like poisonous snakes, devoid of any emotion.

It stared at Wang Xian disdainfully and sized up his body.

"HMM?"

All of a sudden, a hint of greed appeared in the eyes of the Dragon King of Altair.

He stared at Wang Xian's body and had a desire to devour him.

"I'm hungry, I Can Eat You!"

He was slightly shocked and two huge wings slowly extended out.

The two wings were about ten meters in size and had a slightly bloated body. He stared at Wang Xian.

From this creature, the Dragon King could feel a desire from his bloodline.

He longed to devour the creature in front of him. Moreover, he had a premonition that if he devoured the creature in front of him, he would be able to evolve.

This made his cold and emotionless eyes reveal a hint of fervor.

"Dragon King, we will help you kill him!"

Just as the Dragon King finished speaking, a dozen sea scale horses at the seventh to ninth level of the void interpretation realm immediately shouted loudly.

Their mouths opened slightly, and terrifying water elemental attacks were brewing.

"Is this the dragon race of the supernatural continent?"

While the Dragon King was sizing up Wang Xian, Wang Xian was also sizing him up.

Wind Elemental Asian Dragon: half-step longevity

Extractable divine crystal: 0.1

Wang Xian was astonished when the attributes of the Dragon King appeared in his mind.

"Divine crystal? This is an energy that is higher than the dragon crystal. When one's realm reaches the realm of longevity, the dragon crystal will be converted into divine crystal!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled.

The level of the bloodline of this wind elemental Asian dragon was not low. Even if it was placed in the universe, it was considered to be a medium-level bloodline.

They had the opportunity to ignite the divine fire, condense the divine spark, and establish the divine kingdom.

"As expected of the Master of the supernatural continent, the strongest race!"

He thought to himself.

"Reckless creatures. Since they dare to disturb the Dragon King's slumber, they shall become the Dragon King's Food!"

In the surroundings, a group of sea scale horse demonic beasts attacked Wang Xian directly with water swords.

Dragon King Alastair raised his head high and came out of the cave. His dragon tail, which was more than ten meters long, was swaying.

He stared at Wang Xian from above and opened his ghastly mouth. The mucus was flowing inside and he was prepared to devour the creature in front of him that made his blood throb.

"You're courting death!"

When Wang Xian saw more than a dozen sea scale horses attacking him, he waved his dragon claw gently and the water sword collapsed. Their bodies flew directly into his mouth.

"No, Dragon King, Save Us!"

Sensing an invincible force, more than a dozen sea-scaled horses roared in fear.

"What?"

The cold-blooded pupils of Dragon King Alastair contracted slightly. His eyes were filled with shock.

Gulp

Wang Xian opened his dragon mouth and swallowed the sea-scaled horse demonic beasts directly.

It was unknown where this group of demonic beasts got their confidence from. His body had already reached five hundred meters and they actually dared to attack him.

He looked at the Dragon King in front of him mockingly. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

With a wave of his dragon claws, a terrifying suction force was sucked toward him.

"Longevity, you are a longevity-level creature!"

"Stop, I, Dragon King of the Dragon Clan, am the Dragon King of the Dragon Clan. If you dare to kill me, the entire Dragon Clan will not let you off!"

"You will have no place to stand on the extraordinary continent!"

Dragon King Alstoy's expression changed slightly as he felt the powerful suction force.

However, there was no fear in his eyes. He continued to shout coldly.

"As expected of the master of the entire continent. Such arrogance!"

Wang Xian looked at Dragon King Alstoy's arrogant manner and a hint of coldness appeared on his face.

"Soul Catcher!"

He waved his cold eyes and used soul catcher directly.

Buzz

A terrifying energy invaded the mind of the Dragon King of Alstoy.

The Dragon King of Alstoy's face stiffened and his eyes revealed a look of horror. He stared at Wang Xian in disbelief.

He was a well-known dragon from the extraordinary mainland. Someone actually dared to kill him..

"Dragon Race!"

When Wang Xian retrieved all of Alstoy's memories, he spat out two words softly.

He sat quietly at the bottom of the sea, digesting the memories of Dragon King Alstoy.

Alstoy, the disciple of the Dragon Race's water race and the Dragon King of the Dragon Race, was expelled for killing a disciple of the dragon race.

In the dragon race, there were three races, the water dragon race, the wind dragon race, and the Fire Dragon Race.

When the three races reached the half-step longevity realm, they could be called the Dragon King.

From the first stage to the fifth stage of longevity, they could be called the Dragon Emperor.

Above the fifth stage of longevity, they could be called the Dragon Emperor.

In the Dragon Clan, according to Alstoy's memories, there was a dragon God, but this dragon God did not seem to have truly reached the mirror of God.

In the entire Dragon Clan, there were more than ten thousand Dragon Kings.

Above the Dragon King, there were no less than five thousand longevity-level dragons.

In the entire extraordinary continent, all the demon beast races had to obey the orders of the dragon race.

Even a few of the longevity-level demon beast races.

As for the fierce beasts, under the powerful pressure of the dragon race, they could be controlled directly.

In other words, in the entire extraordinary sea, hundreds of thousands of demon beast fierce beasts at the profound void level were all subordinates of the dragon race.

"Phew!"

Time passed slowly. As the Dragon King who had lived for more than 6,000 years, he had a lot of memories.

Two days later, Wang Xian took a deep breath. There was a hint of shock and silence in his eyes.

"There are more than 5,000 members of the Dragon Clan who are above the longevity realm. There are more than 10,000 of them who are half a step away from the longevity realm. This strength is really terrifying!"

"No wonder the Dragon clan is known as the Master of the continent. They are an invincible existence. No wonder Alastair was not afraid when he faced himself!"

Wang Xian was very surprised.

There were about a hundred thousand members of the Dragon Race. They were born with the strength of a level nine extraordinary.

After they were in their fifties, they possessed the strength of a level four profound void martial artist.

Just thinking about it was terrifying.

According to what he knew, there were less than a hundred longevity experts in the entire five empires combined.

How terrifying, how terrifying!

The extraordinary continent, the Invincible Dragon Race!