Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1693: 1693 hunting the Dragon Clan

Wang Xian was shocked as he digested the information in his mind. A solemn expression appeared on his face!

Invincible. It was the best description for the Dragon Clan!

"However, this is what makes it interesting!"

Wang Xian's eyes were burning with a strong fighting spirit. His pair of dragon eyes stared sternly at the unconscious Alastair Dragon King in front of him.

He opened his dragon mouth and swallowed Alastair into his stomach.

Ding! "Devour the half-step eternal dragon. Raise the divine crystal 0.1!"

A surge of majestic energy rapidly entered his body and the divine crystal transformed into the Dragon Crystal.

When Wang Xian saw that the dragon crystal had increased by 1% , he revealed a shocked expression.

"It increased by 1% directly. Doesn't that mean that I only need 100 Dragon Kings to increase my strength?"

"I can even increase my strength by devouring a few dragon emperors of the first level of longevity?"

Wang Xian revealed a shocked expression. He pursed his lips and his dragon eyes flickered.

The Dragons of the supernatural continent possessed the bloodline of the Divine Dragon and belonged to the level of dragon species.

However, the level of their dragon species was not very high.

However, it was not very high. There was also a huge amount of energy in their bodies.

Wang Xian was only at level seven of the Seethrough realm. It was not strange for him to be able to level up after devouring 100 half-step long-lived dragons.

"Before I reach level four in the Dragon Palace, I must not enter the Sea of extraordinariness!"

"In addition, I can hunt dragons in the Sea of extraordinariness. As long as I Kill 100 Dragon Kings, I Can Level Up!"

"If I kill 1,000 of them, I can level up again!"

Wang Xian found a way to level up quickly.

This was similar to when Wang Xian first obtained the system. He was weak and could level up by devouring some small fish.

Now that he had entered the sea of transcendence, he had the same feeling. He could level up by devouring some dragons.

"So what if they are the invincible races of the continent? As long as I don't encounter the powerful Dragon Emperor and the Dragon King, the Dragons won't know that they are the ones who did it!"

As the saying goes, fortune comes from danger. Wang Xian gritted his teeth and decided to hunt down the dragons.

"According to the memories of Dragon King Alastair, there is a Dragon King of the dragons tens of thousands of kilometers ahead!"

Wang Xian thought to himself. He swayed his 500-meter-long body and flew straight ahead.

The Dragon Eyes of the Yin-yang and five elements swept across. In an instant, he was already 400 kilometers away.

Following that, he flashed continuously. The distance of tens of thousands of kilometers was not very far.

After entering the territory of another Dragon King, Wang Xian stared straight ahead.

"Hurry up, you bunch of slaves. Hurry up and prepare the food for Dragon King Akele!"

In front of them was an island. On the island, a group of demonic beasts were roaring at the humans.

Every human's eyes were filled with fear.

Among them, there were some brutal demonic beasts who were chewing on human corpses and staring at them.

"This dragon king sure knows how to enjoy himself. To think that there are more than 100,000 humans serving him!"

Wang Xian looked down.

Beside the island was a volcano. A figure of more than 20 meters was entrenched on it.

Majestic, powerful, and inviolable!

Buzz

Wang Xian teleported and appeared beside the fire dragon.

Under his astonished gaze, Wang Xian waved his arm and performed soul capture.

Following that, he didn't digest his memory and devoured it directly.

At the same time, the powerful Dragon's aura covered an area of 400 kilometers. The terrifying aura instantly caused the demonic beasts and humans on the island to kneel down in fear.

"It's the Dragon King who is angry. Damn humans, hurry up and prepare the food!"

A type of crocodile-like demonic beast opened its huge mouth and roared with cold eyes.

However, at this moment, a force instantly covered them. All the demonic beasts stiffened and were directly dragged into the ocean, flying towards Wang Xian.

"Roar!" Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Wang Xian growled in a low voice and devoured all the demonic beasts.

Following that, he moved and teleported to a place 400 kilometers away.

As for the humans on the island, they were able to escape without demonic beasts.

Entrenched at the bottom of the sea for tens of thousands of meters, he quietly absorbed the memories of this Dragon King.

A day later, he stood up slowly and continued to fly towards the depths.

The dragon race was a type of creature with high intelligence. Their intelligence was not weaker than that of humans and they were considered to be living in groups.

Through the memories of this Dragon King, he obtained the location of a few more dragon kings.

Furthermore, the Dragons had a hobby. They liked to collect high-grade materials and spiritual herbs.

Every Dragon Lair had a lot of treasures.

To Wang Xian, this was an additional huge harvest.

Through this method, Wang Xian quietly devoured one dragon king after another as well as the dragons who were below the age of 10,000 years.

However, he was very careful during the process of devouring. He first absorbed the memories before devouring them.

This was to prevent any unexpected situations from occurring.

With the current strength of the Dragons, it was a piece of cake for them to destroy his Dragon Palace.

Through this method, Wang Xian traveled for several million kilometers in the extraordinary sea in five months.

In five months, he had killed a total of 80 Dragon Kings. There were more than 200 dragons below the Dragon King.

He was only one-tenth of the distance to level up.

"I have basically killed all the weaker dragons in the outer area. In my memory, there are a few places where the dragons live in groups. There are more than 20 dragons there!"

Wang Xian sat at the bottom of the sea with a contemplative look on his face.

The places where he was currently hunting the Dragons were far away from the Dragon Sea.

The Dragon Sea was the lair of the Dragons. Once he was discovered after his failed hunt, he might be surrounded by thousands of strong dragons within minutes.

He did not dare to go to the Dragon Sea, let alone the Dragon Valley within the Dragon Sea.

However, other than the dragon sea, there were two places within a radius of hundreds of thousands of kilometers away from him.

These two places belonged to the paradise. It might be comparable to the life and death herb garden.

However, there were dragons at the level of a dragon emperor in both places.

As for the level of longevity, there was no such information in the memories he obtained.

I should go and take a look. With my speed, even if I can't beat him, I can still escape in time

Wang Xian thought to himself as he flew towards the left.

There was a crystal sea with crystal algae growing on the bottom of the sea.

Crystal algae could reach the realm of longevity when it matured. It was an extremely precious spiritual herb.

According to the memories in his mind, there were more than twenty dragons and a half-step-to-longevity demonic beast race there.

There were thousands of such demonic beasts in the crystal sea.

Soon, an area that was emitting white light appeared.

The white light came from the bottom of the sea, where the crystal algae grew.

Each crystal algae was more than ten meters in size, and the one in the center was emitting milky white light.

If it was on the main road, it would definitely be a place that the empire would fight for.

But this was the territory of the dragon race, and no empire would dare to set foot in it!