Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1694: 1694 breakthrough and serious injury

The white light shone on the bottom of the sea. The sea water rippled under the white light like crystals.

The name of the Crystal Sea came from this.

In the center of the Crystal Sea, there were crystal-like houses standing on the bottom of the sea. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Each crystal house was huge. Looking from afar, it looked like a world in mythology.

The house was not made of crystal. Instead, it was a house made of ice. Under the illumination of the crystal algae, it looked like a crystal house.

Inside these crystal houses, there were numerous water elemental dragons.

In the middle of the Crystal House that was a thousand meters in size, there were two dragons living inside.

One male and one female!

Around them were the descendants of these two dragons.

Wang Xian's gaze swept across the crystal sea that was about 50 kilometers in circumference. His eyes revealed a look of vigilance.

Around the crystal sea, there were many cup-vertebrated fish dragons guarding the surroundings.

In fact, it was not considered a warning. In the Sea of transcendence, no one dared to provoke the dragons.

"There are five cup-vertebrated fish dragons that are half a step away from longevity, and thirteen dragons that are at the level of Dragon King. I don't know the strength of the two naked dragons in the Crystal House!"

That's right, they were two naked dragons.

They had transformed into human form and looked ordinary. They had two dragon horns that were about ten centimeters long and a dragon tail that was more than one meter long.

One male and one female were hugging each other.

When a demonic beast reached the realm of Wanshou, they would have the ability to transform!

As for what they were doing, the pure Wang Xian had no idea!

Wang Xian moved his body and attacked the surrounding cup-vertebrate ichthyosaurs.

With the strength of level two of longevity, it was easy for him to kill a bunch of demon beasts below longevity.

Within a few seconds, Wang Xian devoured all the demon beasts.

His body moved and his gaze landed on the crystal houses.

"After devouring these dragons, I will be able to break through. These crystal algae will belong to me!"

Wang Xian's eyes sparkled. He swept his gaze across the crystal house in the middle and entered the crystal house at the outermost corner.

"Who dares to step into my territory? !"

Just as Wang Xian teleported into the area of the crystal algae, the muscular male dragon emperor in the middle of the room instantly sensed that someone had barged in!

The moment Wang Xian entered the room, he knew that he had been discovered.

That was because there was a domain covering this area!

The domain of the longevity experts was very magical. When the domain was activated, even a mosquito could sense it.

"Who are the Dragons?"

A cold voice continued to ring out. The two dragon emperors hovered above the crystal house and stared at Wang Xian?

"Eh?"

When they saw Wang Xian's figure, they were slightly stunned.

His 500-meter-tall body, mystical dragon scales, and majestic physique surprised them.

However, what surprised them was the excitement that came from his bloodline.

Eat Him, eat him!

The two Dragon Emperors looked at each other and turned into a 30-meter-long water dragon.

"How dare you trespass into my territory! I order you to kneel down!"

The male water dragon Emperor's cold voice entered Wang Xian's ears.

At this moment, a smile appeared on Wang Xian's face.

The arrogant and arrogant dragon race was just as he had expected. After he arrived, the other party didn't take him seriously at all.

"Roar! Roar!"

At this moment, Dragon race members flew over from the surrounding crystal houses.

"Two people at the first level of longevity dare to be so arrogant!"

Wang Xian moved his body. Without any hesitation, he attacked them directly.

"You dare to attack us? You Bastard, how dare you attack us!"

When the two dragon emperors saw that Wang Xian was attacking them directly, Fury shot out from their eyes.

The surrounding seawater began to churn!

"You Arrogant Thing, go to hell!"

Wang Xian's eyes revealed a cold expression. His terrifying dragon claws attacked the two of them directly.

"PFFT! PFFT!"

Due to the suppression of their strength, the two dragon emperors did not have the time to react at all. They were directly pierced into their bodies by the dragon claws.

Wang Xian opened his huge mouth and devoured them directly.

"How dare you devour our parents? How dare you kill US Dragons, even if it means going through heaven and earth..."

The more than 20 dragons in the surroundings looked terrified when they saw this scene.

One of the Dragon Kings roared loudly.

To the Dragons, no one on this continent dared to make a move against them. No one dared to provoke them.

This had been the case for hundreds of thousands of years!

The arrogance and superiority that had seeped deep into their bones made it impossible for them to imagine that there would actually be a creature that dared to kill them.

One had to know that in the history of the Dragon Clan, once someone dared to provoke them, the entire race of the other party would be destroyed.

Hundreds of thousands of years ago, there was a dragon emperor who took a fancy to the woman of the Emperor of the Empire and defiled her. In the end, the angry emperor killed her.

Three days later, tens of billions of people in the entire Empire died!

This was the dignity and tyranny of the dragon race.

From then on, no one dared to provoke them.

Wang Xian knew about this history through soul catcher. Therefore, he didn't have any mental obstacles in hunting the dragon race.

His essence was to be both a divine dragon and a human.

"Roar!"

Wang Xian let out a low roar and swallowed the two Dragon Emperors directly. He looked at the terrified members of the dragon race and moved his body to swallow them all!

"Ding! Congratulations to host for achieving a breakthrough in your level. As you have comprehended the strongest aspect of light and darkness, yin and yang, the two extremes of yin and yang have been further strengthened. Your Dragon body has been strengthened!"

"Ding! Congratulations to host for strengthening the Dragon God with the two extremes of yin and yang. Your Dragon body has been strengthened!"

Name: Wang Xian

Race: Yin-yang Five Elements Divine Dragon (man-dragon unity)

Level: level 8 of the Void Interpretation Stage (third form of the Divine Dragon Transformation)

Dragon Crystal: 13231233.112764 billion/1000000000 billion

Divine ability: ruling the water race (ruling the water race below its own level)

Devouring creatures (devouring creatures to extract dragon crystals)

Control of the five elements

Cultivation Method: Divine Dragon Transformation

Divine ability: soul-absorbing, spirit-attaching, Yin-yang Five Elements Dragon Eyes.

Aspect: Five Elements Millstone, Dragon Kingdom in the palm, Dragon Head under the sky, Dragon Body of ten thousand miles, yin-yang Poles, Yin-yang five elements alms bowl, divine dragon tail swing.

Dragon Palace: Level 3.

Dragon Palace members: 20133

When he devoured all the Dragons, the system's voice sounded and his body expanded rapidly.

His body, which was originally 500 meters long, expanded to 800 meters long.

The Yin and yang poles on the dragon body flickered faintly.

"Roar!"

The powerful force made him let out a low roar.

"Phew, I broke through again in less than half a year. This speed is too fast!"

Wang Xian's eyes were filled with excitement.

He could easily kill a dragon that was as powerful as the Lord of the continent. This made Wang Xian excited about his next upgrade.

"The dragon race has become my energy to upgrade my level!"

Wang Xian revealed a confident expression. His gaze swept across the crystal algae below and his eyes flashed with heat.

He swallowed all the mature crystal algae and kept the rest into his acceptance spiritual bag.

At this moment, his acceptance spiritual bag was filled with immature spirit trees and spiritual herbs. He could plant them in the Dragon Palace when he returned!